UID,Searchword,API,URL,Title,Summary,Article,Title_Sentiment,Title_Positive,Title_Neutral,Title_Negative,Article_Sentiment,Article_Positive,Article_Neutral,Article_Negative,Verified,Language,Topics,Date,Load_Date,Source
21419,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,⭐️@bestbuy sale alert!The ClearStream 4MAX Complete is $20 off until 4/9! Catch these savings while you can!… https://t.co/JmazWyePbN,nan,⭐️@bestbuy sale alert!The ClearStream 4MAX Complete is $20 off until 4/9! Catch these savings while you can!… https://t.co/JmazWyePbN,positive,0.91,0.09,0.0,positive,0.91,0.09,0.0,True,English,"['The ClearStream 4MAX', 'bestbuy sale', 'savings', 'JmazWyePbN', 'The ClearStream 4MAX', 'bestbuy sale', 'savings', 'JmazWyePbN']",2023-03-28,2023-04-01,Unknown
21420,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,Follow up for people with Russian ADRs located in the Clearstream facility. I still have to read the document they… https://t.co/RkEKRXrS8q,nan,Follow up for people with Russian ADRs located in the Clearstream facility. I still have to read the document they… https://t.co/RkEKRXrS8q,neutral,0.08,0.9,0.02,neutral,0.08,0.9,0.02,True,English,"['Follow up', 'Russian ADRs', 'Clearstream facility', 'people', 'document', 'RkEKRXrS8q', 'Follow up', 'Russian ADRs', 'Clearstream facility', 'people', 'document', 'RkEKRXrS8q']",2023-03-28,2023-04-01,Unknown
21421,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,Clearstream's Collateral Mapper Enhances Transparency and Efficiency in Collateral Management… https://t.co/TFRNBcyw2L,nan,Clearstream's Collateral Mapper Enhances Transparency and Efficiency in Collateral Management… https://t.co/TFRNBcyw2L,neutral,0.12,0.87,0.02,neutral,0.12,0.87,0.02,True,English,"['Collateral Mapper', 'Collateral Management', 'Clearstream', 'Transparency', 'Efficiency', 'TFRNBcyw2L', 'Collateral Mapper', 'Collateral Management', 'Clearstream', 'Transparency', 'Efficiency', 'TFRNBcyw2L']",2023-03-28,2023-04-01,Unknown
21422,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,📊Post-trade service provider @Clearstream has launched a new solution called Collateral Mapper to streamline the pr… https://t.co/fYMbF1Y9ma,nan,📊Post-trade service provider @Clearstream has launched a new solution called Collateral Mapper to streamline the pr… https://t.co/fYMbF1Y9ma,neutral,0.15,0.82,0.02,neutral,0.15,0.82,0.02,True,English,"['Post-trade service provider', 'new solution', 'Post-trade service provider', 'new solution']",2023-03-28,2023-04-01,Unknown
21423,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,Clearstream Launches Collateral Mapperhttps://t.co/4B0lnuQoZt,nan,Clearstream Launches Collateral Mapperhttps://t.co/4B0lnuQoZt,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,True,English,"['Collateral Mapper', 'Clearstream', 'B0lnuQoZt', 'Collateral Mapper', 'Clearstream', 'B0lnuQoZt']",2023-03-28,2023-04-01,Unknown
21424,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,ClearStream 4MAX UHF VHF Indoor Outdoor HDTV Antenna with 20-inch Mast https://t.co/mWrvlNMROf eBay https://t.co/V8fDhiVvN4,nan,ClearStream 4MAX UHF VHF Indoor Outdoor HDTV Antenna with 20-inch Mast https://t.co/mWrvlNMROf eBay https://t.co/V8fDhiVvN4,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,True,English,"['ClearStream 4MAX UHF VHF', 'Outdoor HDTV Antenna', '20-inch Mast', 'eBay', 'V8fDhiVvN4', 'ClearStream 4MAX UHF VHF', 'Outdoor HDTV Antenna', '20-inch Mast', 'eBay', 'V8fDhiVvN4']",2023-03-27,2023-04-01,Unknown
21425,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,Clearstream states that traditional collateral management has relied heavily on manual processes  which has resulte… https://t.co/7Asqu54q0R,nan,Clearstream states that traditional collateral management has relied heavily on manual processes  which has resulte… https://t.co/7Asqu54q0R,neutral,0.04,0.9,0.05,neutral,0.04,0.9,0.05,True,English,"['traditional collateral management', 'manual processes', 'Clearstream', 'traditional collateral management', 'manual processes', 'Clearstream']",2023-03-27,2023-04-01,Unknown
21762,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,-Euroclear may launch a bond settlement platform using distributed ledger technology in fiscal year 2023 (https://t.co/J1eRnp8iv2),nan,-Euroclear may launch a bond settlement platform using distributed ledger technology in fiscal year 2023 (https://t.co/J1eRnp8iv2),neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,True,English,"['bond settlement platform', 'distributed ledger technology', 'fiscal year', 'Euroclear', 'J1eRnp8iv', 'bond settlement platform', 'distributed ledger technology', 'fiscal year', 'Euroclear', 'J1eRnp8iv']",2023-03-31,2023-04-01,Unknown
21763,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,This year  Euroclear will introduce a DLT-based platform for bond settlement. - https://t.co/slIkQTs9JI https://t.co/I9dFzegenr,nan,This year  Euroclear will introduce a DLT-based platform for bond settlement. - https://t.co/slIkQTs9JI https://t.co/I9dFzegenr,neutral,0.02,0.96,0.02,neutral,0.02,0.96,0.02,True,English,"['DLT-based platform', 'bond settlement', 'Euroclear', 'I9dFzegenr', 'DLT-based platform', 'bond settlement', 'Euroclear', 'I9dFzegenr']",2023-03-31,2023-04-01,Unknown
21764,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,Euroclear to Launch DLT-based Bond Settlement Platform This Year https://t.co/n7oNjbnTZF,nan,Euroclear to Launch DLT-based Bond Settlement Platform This Year https://t.co/n7oNjbnTZF,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,True,English,"['DLT-based Bond Settlement Platform', 'Euroclear', 'DLT-based Bond Settlement Platform', 'Euroclear']",2023-03-31,2023-04-01,Unknown
21765,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,Euroclear to Launch DLT-based Bond Settlement Platform This Year - https://t.co/qfap18p695 #cryptocurrency #trading #news,nan,Euroclear to Launch DLT-based Bond Settlement Platform This Year - https://t.co/qfap18p695 #cryptocurrency #trading #news,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,True,English,"['DLT-based Bond Settlement Platform', 'Euroclear', 'cryptocurrency', 'DLT-based Bond Settlement Platform', 'Euroclear', 'cryptocurrency']",2023-03-31,2023-04-01,Unknown
21766,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,Euroclear to Launch DLT-based Bond Settlement Platform This Yearhttps://t.co/owU7F6tyQe https://t.co/6EibtAE4ML,nan,Euroclear to Launch DLT-based Bond Settlement Platform This Yearhttps://t.co/owU7F6tyQe https://t.co/6EibtAE4ML,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['DLT-based Bond Settlement Platform', 'Euroclear', 'EibtAE4ML', 'DLT-based Bond Settlement Platform', 'Euroclear', 'EibtAE4ML']",2023-03-31,2023-04-01,Unknown
21767,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,Euroclear May Launch Digital Bond Settlement Platform This Year  Staffer Sayshttps://t.co/qsLIVW7rZU,nan,Euroclear May Launch Digital Bond Settlement Platform This Year  Staffer Sayshttps://t.co/qsLIVW7rZU,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['Digital Bond Settlement Platform', 'Euroclear', 'Staffer', 'qsLIVW7rZU', 'Digital Bond Settlement Platform', 'Euroclear', 'Staffer', 'qsLIVW7rZU']",2023-03-31,2023-04-01,Unknown
21768,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,Euroclear May Launch Digital Bond Settlement Platform This Year  Staffer Says - https://t.co/NJ5StZf592#Crypto… https://t.co/QNtrCuiyZc,nan,Euroclear May Launch Digital Bond Settlement Platform This Year  Staffer Says - https://t.co/NJ5StZf592#Crypto… https://t.co/QNtrCuiyZc,neutral,0.07,0.92,0.01,neutral,0.07,0.92,0.01,True,English,"['Digital Bond Settlement Platform', 'Euroclear', 'Staffer', 'NJ5StZf592', 'QNtrCuiyZc', 'Digital Bond Settlement Platform', 'Euroclear', 'Staffer', 'NJ5StZf592', 'QNtrCuiyZc']",2023-03-31,2023-04-01,Unknown
21769,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,Euroclear May Launch Digital Bond Settlement Platform This Year  Staffer Says. Are they going going to use the #XRP… https://t.co/GYpO42gfLj,nan,Euroclear May Launch Digital Bond Settlement Platform This Year  Staffer Says. Are they going going to use the #XRP… https://t.co/GYpO42gfLj,neutral,0.05,0.94,0.01,neutral,0.05,0.94,0.01,True,English,"['Digital Bond Settlement Platform', 'Euroclear', 'Staffer', 'GYpO42gfLj', 'Digital Bond Settlement Platform', 'Euroclear', 'Staffer', 'GYpO42gfLj']",2023-03-31,2023-04-01,Unknown
21772,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,Clearstream and VERMEG are pleased to jointly host the upcoming European Collateral Roadshows ‘Get ready to leverag… https://t.co/uc3Jd9RgjG,nan,Clearstream and VERMEG are pleased to jointly host the upcoming European Collateral Roadshows ‘Get ready to leverag… https://t.co/uc3Jd9RgjG,positive,0.91,0.09,0.0,positive,0.91,0.09,0.0,True,English,"['upcoming European Collateral Roadshows', 'Clearstream', 'VERMEG', 'uc3Jd9RgjG', 'upcoming European Collateral Roadshows', 'Clearstream', 'VERMEG', 'uc3Jd9RgjG']",2023-03-31,2023-04-01,Unknown
21773,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,The QFI status will enable @Clearstream to offer omnibus account services for Korea Treasury Bonds and Monetary Sta… https://t.co/FJOMGeKp6U,nan,The QFI status will enable @Clearstream to offer omnibus account services for Korea Treasury Bonds and Monetary Sta… https://t.co/FJOMGeKp6U,neutral,0.06,0.92,0.01,neutral,0.06,0.92,0.01,True,English,"['The QFI status', 'omnibus account services', 'Korea Treasury Bonds', 'Monetary Sta', 'FJOMGeKp6U', 'The QFI status', 'omnibus account services', 'Korea Treasury Bonds', 'Monetary Sta', 'FJOMGeKp6U']",2023-03-31,2023-04-01,Unknown
21774,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,@clemfon @julienchler the two big European custodians are Euroclear (Belgium) and Luxembourg (clearstream).   nothi… https://t.co/PEJZoNynx9,nan,@clemfon @julienchler the two big European custodians are Euroclear (Belgium) and Luxembourg (clearstream).   nothi… https://t.co/PEJZoNynx9,neutral,0.08,0.88,0.04,neutral,0.08,0.88,0.04,True,English,"['two big European custodians', 'clemfon', 'julienchler', 'Euroclear', 'Belgium', 'Luxembourg', 'PEJZoNynx9', 'two big European custodians', 'clemfon', 'julienchler', 'Euroclear', 'Belgium', 'Luxembourg', 'PEJZoNynx9']",2023-03-30,2023-04-01,Unknown
21775,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,Clearstream receives QFI status in Korea. Clearstream has become the first ICSD to be granted the QFI status from t… https://t.co/SDWF9RCzwf,nan,Clearstream receives QFI status in Korea. Clearstream has become the first ICSD to be granted the QFI status from t… https://t.co/SDWF9RCzwf,neutral,0.06,0.94,0.01,neutral,0.06,0.94,0.01,True,English,"['QFI status', 'first ICSD', 'Clearstream', 'Korea', 'SDWF9RCzwf', 'QFI status', 'first ICSD', 'Clearstream', 'Korea', 'SDWF9RCzwf']",2023-03-30,2023-04-01,Unknown
21871,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,CROSSWOOD And FONCIERE 7 INVEST On The List Of Winners And Losers Of Friday's Euronext Session… https://t.co/C6PuVKdxZm,nan,CROSSWOOD And FONCIERE 7 INVEST On The List Of Winners And Losers Of Friday's Euronext Session… https://t.co/C6PuVKdxZm,neutral,0.06,0.9,0.04,neutral,0.06,0.9,0.04,True,English,"['Euronext Session', 'CROSSWOOD', 'FONCIERE', '7 INVEST', 'The', 'List', 'Winners', 'Losers', 'Friday', 'C6PuVKdxZm', 'Euronext Session', 'CROSSWOOD', 'FONCIERE', '7 INVEST', 'The', 'List', 'Winners', 'Losers', 'Friday', 'C6PuVKdxZm']",2023-03-31,2023-04-01,Unknown
21872,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,@diedemink @NicoInberg There are no free lunches on Euronext anymore...,nan,@diedemink @NicoInberg There are no free lunches on Euronext anymore...,neutral,0.09,0.9,0.01,neutral,0.09,0.9,0.01,True,English,"['free lunches', 'diedemink', 'NicoInberg', 'Euronext', 'free lunches', 'diedemink', 'NicoInberg', 'Euronext']",2023-03-31,2023-04-01,Unknown
21873,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,Convening Of The Annual General Meeting Of Euronext N.V. https://t.co/0WfKdgtmqF,nan,Convening Of The Annual General Meeting Of Euronext N.V. https://t.co/0WfKdgtmqF,neutral,0.06,0.94,0.0,neutral,0.06,0.94,0.0,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'Euronext N.V', 'The', 'Annual General Meeting', 'Euronext N.V', 'The']",2023-03-31,2023-04-01,Unknown
21874,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,Convening of the Annual General Meeting of Euronext N.V.  https://t.co/AN32VkgbcU https://t.co/9VrpvUGB3t,nan,Convening of the Annual General Meeting of Euronext N.V.  https://t.co/AN32VkgbcU https://t.co/9VrpvUGB3t,neutral,0.09,0.9,0.01,neutral,0.09,0.9,0.01,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'Euronext N.V.', 'AN32VkgbcU', 'Annual General Meeting', 'Euronext N.V.', 'AN32VkgbcU']",2023-03-31,2023-04-01,Unknown
21875,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,@realzackm @WallStCynic The best case scenario would be Shanghai  or even Euronext  if they do indeed move.But an… https://t.co/hxeNJr4K8S,nan,@realzackm @WallStCynic The best case scenario would be Shanghai  or even Euronext  if they do indeed move.But an… https://t.co/hxeNJr4K8S,positive,0.75,0.23,0.02,positive,0.75,0.23,0.02,True,English,"['best case scenario', 'realzackm', 'Shanghai', 'Euronext', 'best case scenario', 'realzackm', 'Shanghai', 'Euronext']",2023-03-31,2023-04-01,Unknown
21876,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,A look back at Gender Equality Month. At Euronext  we celebrated with three key initiatives. - Signing the UN Wom… https://t.co/QoBQQd8W46,nan,A look back at Gender Equality Month. At Euronext  we celebrated with three key initiatives. - Signing the UN Wom… https://t.co/QoBQQd8W46,neutral,0.08,0.89,0.03,neutral,0.08,0.89,0.03,True,English,"['Gender Equality Month', 'three key initiatives', 'UN Wom', 'look', 'Euronext', 'QoBQQd8W46', 'Gender Equality Month', 'three key initiatives', 'UN Wom', 'look', 'Euronext', 'QoBQQd8W46']",2023-03-31,2023-04-01,Unknown
21877,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,@greybtc Winamp is back on April 15 ! Check their website.Winamp is part of $ALLAM LLama Group listed on Euronext… https://t.co/8yid42gCyW,nan,@greybtc Winamp is back on April 15 ! Check their website.Winamp is part of $ALLAM LLama Group listed on Euronext… https://t.co/8yid42gCyW,neutral,0.03,0.96,0.0,neutral,0.03,0.96,0.0,True,English,"['$ALLAM LLama Group', 'greybtc Winamp', 'April', 'website', 'part', 'Euronext', '$ALLAM LLama Group', 'greybtc Winamp', 'April', 'website', 'part', 'Euronext']",2023-03-31,2023-04-01,Unknown
21878,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/notice-annual-general-meeting-eolus-063000349.html,Notice of Annual General Meeting in Eolus Vind AB (publ),Hässleholm 31 March 2023 The shareholders of Eolus Vind AB (publ) Reg. No. 556389-3956 are hereby invited to attend the Annual General Meeting (“AGM”) to be ...,"Eolus Vind ABHässleholm 31 March 2023The shareholders of Eolus Vind AB (publ) Reg. No. 556389-3956 are hereby invited to attend the Annual General Meeting (“AGM”) to be held on May 12  2023 at 2:00 p.m. CEST in Kulturhuset in Hässleholm  Vattugatan 18. Registration for the AGM begins at 1:30 p.m. CEST.The Board of Directors has decided that shareholders shall be able to exercise their voting rights at the AGM also by postal voting in accordance with the regulations in Eolus’ Articles of Association.Right to participateParticipation in the meeting roomA) Anyone wishing to attend the meeting room in person or through a representative must be recorded as a shareholder in the share register maintained by Euroclear Sweden AB  made as of May 4  2023  and no later than May 8  2023 preferably before 4 p.m. CEST  notify the company of their intention to participate in the AGM.Registration to attend the AGM should primarily be made via the company’s website www.eolusvind.com/en/investors/corporate-governance/general-meeting/. Registration to attend can also be made in writing under the address Eolus Vind AB ”Annual General Meeting”  c/o Euroclear Sweden AB  P.O. Box 191  SE-101 23 Stockholm  Sweden or by phone  08-402 90 41. When registering  the shareholder must state name  social security- or company registration number  address  telephone number and the number of possible assistants (maximum two).If shareholders are represented by a proxy  a written and dated power of attorney signed by the shareholder must be issued to the proxy. Proxy form is available on the company’s website www.eolusvind.com/en/. A power of attorney is valid one year from its issue date or such longer time period as set out in the power of attorney  however not more than five years. If the shareholder is a legal person  a registration certificate or other authorization document must be attached to the form  listing the authorized signatories. In order to facilitate the registration process at the AGM  a proxy together with registration certificate and any other authorization documents shall be received by the company at the above address at 4 p.m. CEST on May 8  2023  at the latest. If a proxy and other authorization documents have not been submitted in advance of the AGM  a proxy and other authorization documents shall be presented at the AGM.Story continuesParticipation by postal votingB) Anyone wishing to attend the meeting by postal voting must be recorded as a shareholder in the share register maintained by Euroclear Sweden AB  made as of May 4  2023  and no later than May 8  2023 notify the company by casting their postal vote in accordance with the instructions below  so that the postal vote is received by Euroclear Sweden AB no later than that day.Anyone who wishes to attend the meeting room in person or through a representative  must give notice in accordance with the instructions stated under A) above. Hence  a notice through postal voting only is not sufficient for those who wishes to attend the meeting room.A special form must be used for postal voting. The form is available on the company’s website www.eolusvind.com/en/. The completed and signed form may be sent by mail to Eolus Vind AB  ""Annual General Meeting""  c/o Euroclear Sweden AB  P.O. Box 191  SE-101 23 Stockholm  Sweden or by email to GeneralMeetingService@euroclear.com. The completed form must be received by Euroclear Sweden AB no later than May 8  2023. Shareholders may also cast their votes electronically by verifying with BankID via Euroclear Sweden AB’s website https://anmalan.vpc.se/EuroclearProxy/.Shareholders may not provide special instructions or conditions to the postal vote. If so  the entire postal vote is invalid. Further instructions and conditions can be found in the postal voting form.If the shareholder submits its postal vote by proxy  a written and dated power of attorney signed by the shareholder must be attached to the postal voting form. Proxy form is available on the company’s website www.eolusvind.com/en/. A power of attorney is valid one year from its issue date or such longer time period as set out in the power of attorney  however not more than five years. If the shareholder is a legal person  a registration certificate or other authorization document must be attached to the form  listing the authorized signatories.Nominee-registered sharesIn order to be entitled to participate in the AGM  a shareholder whose shares are registered in the name of a nominee must  in addition to giving notice of participation in the AGM  register its shares in its own name so that the shareholder is listed in the presentation of the share register as of May 4  2023. Such registration may be temporary (so-called voting rights registration)  and request for such voting rights registration shall be made to the nominee  in accordance with the nominee’s routines  at such a time in advance as decided by the nominee. Voting rights registrations that have been made by the nominee no later than May 8  2023 will be taken into account in the presentation of the share register.Proposed agenda1. Opening of the meeting2. Election of chairman of the meeting3. Election of two persons to check the minutes4. Preparation and approval of the voting list5. Approval of the agenda6. Determination of compliance with the rules of convocation7. Presentation ofa. the annual report and the auditor’s report and the consolidated financial statements and the auditor’s report for the Groupb. the statement by the auditor on the compliance of the guidelines for remuneration to senior executivesc. the Board of Directors’ proposal on appropriation of the company’s profit and reasoned statement thereon8. Resolutions regardinga. adoption of the statement of income and the balance sheet and the consolidated statement of income and the consolidated balance sheetb. appropriation of the company’s profit according to the adopted balance sheetc. discharge of the Board of Directors and the CEO from liability for the financial year 20229. Determination of the number of Board members  deputy Board members  auditors and deputy auditors10. Determination of fees to Board members and auditor11. Election of Board members and Chairman of the BoardThe Nomination Committee’s proposal:a. Carina Håkanssonb. Marie Grönborgc. Hans Johanssond. Jan Johanssone. Hans Linnarsonf. Bodil Rosvall Jönssong. Hans-Göran Stennerth. Hans-Göran Stennert  as Chairman of the Board12. Election of auditor13. Resolution on approval of remuneration report14. Resolution on the implementation of a long-term share savings program15. Closing of the meetingProposed resolutionsElection of chairman of the meeting (item 2)The Nomination Committee for the AGM 2023 has consisted of the chairman Hans Gydell (appointed by Hans-Göran Stennert)  Ingvar Svantesson (appointed by Domneåns Kraftaktiebolag)  Hans Johansson (appointed by Åke Johansson) and the Chairman of the Board  Hans-Göran Stennert.The Nomination Committe has proposed that Eolus’ General Counsel  Karl Olsson  shall be elected chairman of the AGM 2023.Preparation and approval of the voting list (item 4)The voting list proposed for approval is the voting list drawn up by Euroclear Sweden AB on behalf of the Company  based on the Annual General Meeting's register of shareholders  shareholders having given notice of participation and being present at the meeting venue  and postal votes received.Dividend (item 8b)The Board of Directors proposes that a dividend of SEK 1.50 per share is declared for the financial year 2022. As record date for the dividend  the Board of Directors proposes May 16  2023. If the AGM resolves in accordance with the proposal  the dividend is expected to be distributed by Euroclear Sweden AB starting May 22  2023.Election of Board members  Chairman of the Board and auditor  and determination of fees (items 9-12)The Nomination Committee proposes that the AGM resolves as follows:that the Board of Directors shall consist of seven members  with no deputy members;that one Auditor shall be appointed  with no deputy Auditor;that  fees to the Board members for 2023 shall be SEK 450 000 to the Chairman of the Board and SEK 225 000 each to other Board members who are not employed by the company  fees for work in the Audit Committee shall be paid in the amount of SEK 60 000 to the Chairman of the Audit Committee and in the amount of SEK 30 000 to other members who are not employed by the company  and fees for work in the Remuneration Committee shall be paid in the amount of SEK 15 000 to members who are not employed by the company;that the Auditor’s fee is to be paid according to agreement;that the Board members Hans Johansson  Jan Johansson  Hans Linnarson  Bodil Rosvall Jönsson and Hans-Göran Stennert are re-elected and that Carina Håkansson and Marie Grönborg are elected as new Board members. Sigrun Hjelmqvist has declined re-election to the Board of Directors;Carina Håkansson  born 1961  has education from Skogshögskolan in Garpenberg and Umeå. She has a long and successful career  including former CEO of Stora Enso Skog  Dala Kraft AB and Skogsindustierna. In addition she has previously been Chairperson for Advisory Committee on Sustainable Forest-based Industries (ACSFI) and Board member of Dala Vind AB. Carina is currently Board member of Svenska Cellulosa Aktiebolaget SCA  AFRY AB and chairperson of IVA’s division for Forest Technology. Carina does not hold any shares in Eolus.Marie Grönborg  born 1970  is CEO of TreeToTextile. She has a MSc in chemical engineering from Chalmers University of Technology / Imperial College and has a long and successful career  including former Vice President of Perstorp Group and former CEO of Purac AB. In addition  she has previously been a Board member of a number of subsidiaries within Perstorp Group. Marie is currently Board member of SSAB AB and Permascand Top Holding AB. Marie holds 275 shares in Eolus.that Hans-Göran Stennert is re-elected as Chairman of the Board;that   in accordance with the recommendation of the Audit Committee  the accounting firm PricewaterhouseCoopers AB is elected as auditor; PricewaterhouseCoopers AB has informed that the authorized public accountant Vicky Johansson will continue as auditor in charge should the AGM resolve in accordance with the Nomination Committee’s proposal.Resolution on the implementation of a long-term share savings program (item 14)The Board of Directors of Eolus proposes that the AGM 2023 resolves on a long-term share savings program for the company’s employees in Sweden (the “Share Savings Program 2023”).The Share Savings Program 2023 entails that all employees in Sweden within Eolus can choose to use an amount corresponding to a maximum of one month’s salary of their potential variable cash remuneration relating to the financial year 2023 to acquire shares in Eolus (”Savings Shares”). Acquisition of Savings Shares shall be made through the company on Nasdaq Stockholm within twenty trading days from when the outcome of the variable cash remuneration program has been established and the participants have informed Eolus whether they want to participate in the Share Savings Program.Provided that the participant still holds all of the Savings Shares and is still employed within the Eolus group three years after the acquisition of Savings Shares  Eolus will remunerate the participant with an amount corresponding to the cost for acquiring the number of Eolus shares corresponding to half of the number of Savings Shares (“Matching Shares”). Acquisition of Matching Shares shall be made through the company on Nasdaq Stockholm within twenty trading days from the date falling three years after the acquisition of Savings Shares.In order to ensure that the participant’s financial situation as far as possible shall remain unchanged  the number of Matching Shares shall be subject to customary recalculation should the company’s share capital increase or decrease  convertible debt instruments or options be issued or the company be liquidated or merged  or any similar changes to the company occur.Should the participant be prohibited from acquiring Savings Shares due to possession of inside information  the Board of Directors may in individual cases prolong or postpone the above mentioned investment period  although not beyond the next year end (i.e. until and including 31 December 2024). The Board of Directors shall be responsible for the detailed conditions and the administration of the Share Savings Program 2023 within the terms and conditions set forth above  and may also make such minor adjustments and applications as may be appropriate for legal or administrative reasons.Based on the assumptions of maximum outcome in the variable cash remuneration program  full investments by the entitled participants and an unchanged share price at the time of delivery of the Matching Shares  Eolus’ costs relating to the Share Savings Program 2023 are estimated to amount to a maximum of approximately SEK 3.2 million. Assuming a 25 per cent increase in Eolus’ share price at the time of delivery of Matching Shares  Eolus’ costs relating to the Share Savings Program 2023  including employer contributions  are estimated to amount to a maximum of approximately SEK 4.0 million and assuming a 50 per cent increase in the share price at such time  the costs are estimated to amount to a maximum of approximately SEK 4.9 million  including employer contributions. The Share Savings Program 2023 does not result in any dilution of the holdings of the company’s shareholders and is not deemed to affect any performance measure important for Eolus. No measures have been taken to hedge Eolus’ costs against its own share price in connection with the purchase of Matching shares.The proposal on Share Savings Program 2023 has been prepared by the Board of Directors and the Remuneration Committee. In the company  similar share savings programs for the financial years 2022  2021 and 2019/2020 relating to the variable cash remuneration have previously been adopted. By requiring  as described above  that the participants make an own investment in Eolus shares and thereby reconciling the employees’ and the shareholders’ interests of a long-term increase of the company’s value  the Share Savings Program 2023 is expected to enhance Eolus’ possibilities to recruit and retain competent employees while at the same time promoting Eolus’ business strategy  long-term interests and sustainability.The proposal must be supported by shareholders representing more than half of the votes cast at the general meeting.Available documentationThe Nomination Committee’s reasoned statement  form of power of attorney and postal voting form are available at the company and on the company’s website  www.eolusvind.com/en/.The financial statements  the audit report and other documentation that shall be available for the shareholders according to the Swedish Companies Act will be available at the company and on the company’s website  www.eolusvind.com/en/  no later than three weeks before the AGM.The documents will be sent free of charge to shareholders who so request and state their address.Number of shares and votes in the companyAt the time of issue of this convening notice  the total number of shares in the company amounts to 24 907 000  of which 1 285 625 shares are Class A shares and 23 621 375 shares are Class B shares. The total number of votes in the company amounts to 3 647 762.5.Information at the AGMThe Board of Directors and the CEO shall  if any shareholder so request and if the Board of Directors considers that this can be done without significant harm for the company or its subsidiaries  give information on circumstances that can affect the assessment of an item on the agenda  circumstances that can affect the assessment of the financial situation of the company or its subsidiaries and the company’s relationship with another group company (including the consolidated financial statements).Processing of personal dataFor information about the processing of your personal data  see www.euroclear.com/dam/ESwithLegal/Privacy-notice-bolagsstammor-engelska.pdf.Hässleholm in March 2023Eolus Vind AB (publ)The Board of DirectorsFor further information  please contact:Per Witalisson  CEO  +46 (0)702 65 16 15Karin Wittsell Heydl  Head of Communications & Sustainability  +46 (0)761 16 71 99Attachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.31,0.15,0.53,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'Eolus Vind AB', 'Notice', 'P.O. Box', 'other authorization document', 'Eolus Vind AB', 'longer time period', 'Euroclear Sweden AB', 'Annual General Meeting', 'Voting rights registrations', 'entire postal vote', 'postal voting form', 'company registration number', 'Eolus’ Articles', 'meeting room', 'Hässleholm', 'Reg. No.', 'share register', 'telephone number', 'possible assistants', 'issue date', 'five years', 'registration certificate', 'authorized signatories', 'registration process', 'Such registration', 'special form', 'completed form', 'legal person', 'special instructions', 'Further instructions', 'state name', 'dated power', 'Nominee-registered shares', 'Proxy form', 'shareholders', 'AGM', 'May', 'CEST', 'Kulturhuset', 'Vattugatan', 'Board', 'Directors', 'accordance', 'regulations', 'Association', 'Participation', 'Anyone', 'representative', 'intention', 'website', 'investors', 'corporate-governance', 'writing', 'address', 'SE-101', 'Stockholm', 'written', 'attorney', 'order', 'latest', 'advance', 'Story', 'day', 'notice', 'mail', 'GeneralMeetingService', 'votes', 'BankID', 'vpc', 'EuroclearProxy', 'conditions', 'addition', 'presentation', 'request', 'routines', 'account', '2:00', '1:30', '4']",2023-03-31,2023-04-01,finance.yahoo.com
21879,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/sampo-plc-notice-annual-general-063000554.html,Sampo plc: Notice of the Annual General Meeting,SAMPO PLC STOCK EXCHANGE RELEASE 31 March 2023 at 9.30 am Sampo plc: Notice of the Annual General Meeting Notice is given to the shareholders of Sampo plc of...,Sampo plcSAMPO PLC STOCK EXCHANGE RELEASE 31 March 2023 at 9.30 amSampo plc: Notice of the Annual General MeetingNotice is given to the shareholders of Sampo plc of the Annual General Meeting to be held on Wednesday  17 May 2023 at 2.00 pm (EEST) at Helsinki Exhibition and Convention Centre  halls 5ab  Messuaukio 1  00520 Helsinki  Finland. The reception of shareholders who have registered for the meeting and serving of coffee prior to the meeting will start at 12.00 noon.Björn Wahlroos  who is stepping down from his position as the Chair of the Board of Directors of Sampo plc will be interviewed before the AGM at 12:45 pm. The event will be in Finnish (interpretation in English) and open to those who have registered to the AGM. The recording of the interview will be later available at the company’s website at www.sampo.com/agm .A. Items on the agenda of the Annual General MeetingAt the Annual General Meeting  the following items will be considered:1. Opening of the meeting2. Calling the meeting to order3. Election of persons to scrutinise the minutes and to supervise the counting of votes4. Recording the legality of the meeting5. Recording the attendance at the meeting and adoption of the list of votes6. Presentation of the Financial Statements  Report of the Board of Directors and the Auditor’s Report for the financial year 2022Review by the Group CEOAuditor’s Report presented by the Auditor7. Adoption of the Financial Statements8. Resolution on the use of the profit shown on the balance sheet and the payment of dividendThe Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting a dividend of EUR 2.60 per share for the company's 511 177 769 shares  which are not held in treasury by the company on the record date of the dividend payment. The dividend will be paid to a shareholder registered in the shareholders’ register held by Euroclear Finland Oy on the record date of the dividend payment i.e. 22 May 2023. The Board proposes that the dividend be paid on 31 May 2023.Story continuesFor the sake of clarity  it is noted that the issuer of the Swedish depository receipts shall ensure that the dividend is paid to the depository receipt holders registered in the securities depository and settlement register maintained by Euroclear Sweden AB as at the record date of 22 May 2023  which payment shall be made in Swedish Krona.9. Resolution on the discharge of the members of the Board of Directors and the CEO from liability for the financial year 202210. Consideration of the Remuneration Report for Governing BodiesThe Board of Directors proposes that the Remuneration Report for the company's governing bodies for the financial year 2022 be adopted through an advisory resolution.The Remuneration Report for Governing Bodies will be made available on Sampo plc’s website at www.sampo.com/agm on week 14 at the latest. The resolution on the Remuneration Report is advisory.11. Resolution on the remuneration of the members of the Board of DirectorsThe Nomination and Remuneration Committee of the Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that each member of the Board of Directors be paid an annual fee of EUR 101 000 until the close of the next Annual General Meeting and the Chair of the Board be paid EUR 228 000. Furthermore  the Nomination and Remuneration Committee proposes that the members of the Board of Directors and its Committees be paid the following annual fees:the Vice Chair of the Board be paid EUR 30 000 the Chair of the Audit Committee be paid EUR 28 000  andeach member of the Audit Committee be paid EUR 6 400.A Board member shall  in accordance with the resolution of the Annual General Meeting  acquire Sampo plc A shares at the price paid in public trading for 50 per cent of his/her annual fee after the deduction of taxes  payments and potential statutory social and pension costs. The company will pay any possible transfer tax related to the acquisition of the company shares.12. Resolution on the number of members of the Board of DirectorsThe Nomination and Remuneration Committee of the Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that the number of Board members be increased by one and that ten members be elected to the Board.13. Election of the members of the Board of DirectorsThe Nomination and Remuneration Committee of the Board of Directors proposes that the current members of the Board Christian Clausen  Fiona Clutterbuck  Georg Ehrnrooth  Jannica Fagerholm  Johanna Lamminen  Steve Langan  Risto Murto and Markus Rauramo be re-elected for a term continuing until the close of the next Annual General Meeting. The Committee proposes that Antti Mäkinen and Annica Witschard be elected as new members to the Board. Johanna Lamminen has notified the Committee that she will no longer continue on the Board upon the potential completion of the partial demerger of Sampo plc as proposed by the Board of Directors under agenda item 16  so that she may devote sufficient time to her duties.All the proposed Board members have been determined to be independent of the company and its major shareholders under the rules of the Finnish Corporate Governance Code 2020.The CVs of all persons proposed as Board members are available at www.sampo.com/agm .14. Resolution on the remuneration of the AuditorThe Audit Committee of the Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that compensation be paid to the company’s Auditor against an invoice approved by the company.15. Election of the AuditorThe Audit Committee of the Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that the firm of authorised public accountants Deloitte Ltd be re-elected as the company’s auditor for the financial year 2023. If Deloitte Ltd is elected as Sampo plc’s auditor  the firm has announced that APA Jukka Vattulainen will continue as the auditor with principal responsibility.16. Partial demerger of Sampo plcThe Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting resolve to approve the partial demerger of Sampo plc in accordance with the demerger plan approved and signed by the Board of Directors of Sampo plc on 29 March 2023 and approves the demerger plan so that  as part of the demerger resolution  the Annual General Meeting would also resolve  conditionally upon the registration of the completion of the demerger on the matters presented below. The demerger plan is available on Sampo plc’s website at www.sampo.com/agm .Pursuant to the demerger plan  Sampo plc will demerge in a partial demerger so that all of the shares in Mandatum Holding Ltd (a wholly-owned direct subsidiary of Sampo plc) owned by Sampo plc and related assets and liabilities will transfer without a liquidation procedure to Mandatum plc  a company to be incorporated in the demerger.The purpose of the demerger is to implement the divestment of the life insurance  wealth management business and related operations carried out by Mandatum Holding Ltd through its direct and indirect subsidiaries in order to form a new independent group of companies. The planned date of registration of the completion of the partial demerger is 1 October 2023 (the “Effective Date”). The actual Effective Date may change from said planned date in accordance with the demerger plan.However  despite the resolution of the General Meeting  the Board of Directors of Sampo plc may resolve to not complete the demerger if at any time prior to the completion of the demerger there exists in the view of the Board of Directors of Sampo plc grounds due to which such non-completion would be appropriate.In accordance to the demerger plan  the shareholders of Sampo plc shall receive as demerger consideration one (1) new share in Mandatum plc for each share (regardless of share class) owned in Sampo plc  i.e. the demerger consideration shall be issued to the shareholders of Sampo plc in proportion to their shareholdings with a ratio of 1:1. For the sake of clarity  the demerger consideration shall be delivered through the book-entry system without any separate action being required from the shareholders of Sampo plc in relation thereto.The shares in Mandatum plc are intended to be admitted to trading on the official list of Nasdaq Helsinki Ltd. Trading is intended to begin on the Effective Date  or in case the Effective Date does not fall on a trading day  the first potential trading day following the Effective Date.As part of the demerger resolution the Annual General Meeting resolves on  conditional upon the registration of the completion of the demerger:The establishment of Mandatum plc and the approval of its articles of associationThe receiving company in the demerger is established in connection with the registration of the completion of the demerger. It has been proposed that the trade name of the company be Mandatum Oyj (in English: Mandatum plc)  and the company’s proposed articles of association are included in full as an appendix to the demerger plan.The proposed articles of association of Mandatum plc are  to the extent applicable  based on Sampo plc’s currently valid Articles of Association  taking into consideration the amendments proposed to the Articles of Association in agenda items 17 and 18 below.The composition of Mandatum plc’s Board of Directors and the selection of its auditor as well as their remunerationAccording to the proposed articles of association of Mandatum plc  the Board of Directors of Mandatum plc shall consist of three (3) to ten (10) members. It is proposed that Mandatum plc’s Board of Directors is elected in accordance with the demerger plan approved and signed by Sampo plc’s Board of Directors on 29 March 2023  wherein the composition of the Board of Directors of Mandatum plc is described in detail.The term of such members of the Board of Directors shall commence on the Effective Date and shall expire at the end of the first Annual General Meeting of Mandatum plc following the Effective Date. The Board of Directors of Mandatum plc may however take certain decisions on behalf of Mandatum plc already prior to the Effective Date  as set forth in the demerger plan.Prior to assuming the duties of a Board member of Mandatum plc  each such person must fulfil the Fitness & Propriety requirements set by the Finnish Financial Supervisory Authority.It is proposed that each member of the Board of Directors of Mandatum plc be remunerated in accordance with the demerger plan approved and signed by Sampo plc’s Board of Directors on 29 March 2023.According to the proposed articles of association of Mandatum plc  Mandatum plc shall have one (1) auditor which must be an auditing firm authorised by the Finnish Patent and Registration Office. In accordance with the demerger plan approved and signed by Sampo plc's Board of Directors on 29 March 2023  it is therefore proposed that the firm of authorised public accountants Deloitte Ltd be elected as the Mandatum plc’s auditor for the financial year 2023. If Deloitte Ltd is elected as Mandatum plc’s auditor  the firm has announced that APA Reeta Virolainen will act as the auditor with principal responsibility. APA Reeta Virolainen has acted as Mandatum Group’s principally responsible auditor since 2021. Sampo plc’s Board of Directors also proposes that compensation be paid to Mandatum plc’s auditor against an invoice approved by Mandatum plc.The establishment of a shareholders’ nomination board for Mandatum plcIt is proposed to establish a shareholders’ nomination board for Mandatum plc in accordance with the demerger plan approved and signed by Sampo plc’s Board of Directors on 29 March 2023.Resolutions that are conditional on the completion of the demerger will enter into force in connection with the registration of the completion of the demerger.17. Amending articles 3 §  4 § and 14 § of the company’s articles of associationThe Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that the Annual General Meeting resolves to amend the company’s articles of association in accordance with the following and such that articles 3–4 § and 14 § are amended as set out below.3 § Business area of the CompanyThe Board of Directors proposes that article 3 § of the company’s articles of association is amended in accordance with the Sampo Group strategy announced on 24 February 2021 to reflect the company’s current strategy and main business area.In its amended form  said article would read as follows:“The Company operates as the parent company of Sampo Group  which has its focus on P&C insurance. The Company sets the Group’s strategy and capital management framework and carries out centrally-managed Group tasks. The Company may also own and manage shares  other securities and properties  and to engage in securities trading and other investment activities.”4 § Classes of sharesThe Board of Directors proposes that article 4 § of the company’s articles of association is amended pursuant to the proposed authorisation for the Board of Directors to resolve upon a share issue without payment (share split) in agenda item 20  which necessitates a deletion of the minimum and maximum amounts set for the Company’s A and B shares.In its amended form  said article would read as follows:“The shares are divided into A and B classes  with each A share entitling its holder to one vote and each B share entitling its holder to five votes at a General Meeting of Shareholders.Each B share can be converted into an A share at the request of the holder of the B share or  with respect to nominee-registered shares  at the request of the nominee under whose name the shares are registered in the Shareholders’ Register. The conversion request shall be made in writing to the Company. The request shall specify the number of shares to be converted and the book-entry securities account where the shares are to be entered. The Company may request that an entry be made in the shareholders’ book-entry securities account during the conversion procedure restricting the owner’s right of disposal. Any decisions on conversion and related details shall be made by the Board of Directors or the Board’s authorised representative.”14 §The Board of Directors proposes that article 14 § of the company’s articles of association is amended such that the matters to be addressed in the Annual General Meeting are supplemented in accordance with the Finnish Companies Act such that the Annual General Meeting shall decide on the remuneration policy for governing bodies  when necessary  and decide on the acceptance of the remuneration report for governing bodies. Further  the numbering of current subsections 6–10 shall be changed accordingly due to the above-mentioned amendments. Additionally  the Board of Directors proposes that subsection 1 is supplemented with a reference to the reception of the Report of the Board of Directors and subsection 4 is amended to correspond to the wording of the Finnish Companies Act.In its amended form  said article would read as follows:“The Annual General Meeting shallreceive1. the Financial Statements and the Report of the Board of Directors 2. the Auditors' Reportdecide on3. the acceptance of the Financial Statements4. the use of the profit shown on the balance sheet5. the release from liability of the members of the Board of Directors and the Managing Director6. the Remuneration Policy for Governing Bodies  when necessary7. the acceptance of the Remuneration Report for Governing Bodies8. the number of members of the Board of Directors and their fees9. the fees of the Auditorelect10. the members of the Board of Directors11. the Auditordiscuss12. any other business on the meeting agenda.”18. Amending article 11 § of the company’s articles of associationThe Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that the Annual General Meeting resolves to amend article 11 § of the company’s articles of association such that  should the Board of Directors so decide  General Meetings may be convened as a so-called hybrid or remote meeting.In its amended form  said article would read as follows:“The Company’s shareholders exercise their decision-making power with respect to the Company’s affairs at a General Meeting of Shareholders. General Meetings are held in Helsinki.The Board of Directors may decide that participation in the General Meeting is also permitted such that a shareholder exercises their full decision-making power during the General Meeting using a remote connection and technical means.The Board of Directors may also decide to convene a General Meeting without a physical venue such that the shareholders exercise their full decision-making power in real time using a remote connection and technical means during the General Meeting.To be entitled to attend a General Meeting  a shareholder must give notification of his/her intention to attend to the Company no later than on the date mentioned in the meeting notice  which may be no earlier than ten days prior to the meeting.”19. Authorising the Board of Directors to decide on the repurchase of the company’s own sharesThe Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting authorise the Board to resolve to repurchase  on one or several occasions  a maximum of 50 000 000 Sampo plc A shares  representing approximately 9.7 per cent of all outstanding Sampo plc A shares. However  conditional upon the Annual General Meeting approving the proposal made to it by the Board of Directors regarding the authorisation for the Board of Directors to resolve upon a share issue without payment (share split) in accordance with agenda item 20  and the Board of Directors resolving on the share issue without payment  a maximum of 300 000 000 Sampo plc A shares may be repurchased  representing approximately 9.7 per cent of all outstanding Sampo plc A shares after the shares issued in a share issue without payment in accordance with agenda item 20 have been registered. The repurchased shares will be cancelled.The shares may be repurchased either through an offer to all shareholders on equal terms or through other means and otherwise than in proportion to the existing shareholdings of the company’s shareholders (directed repurchase) if the Board of Directors deems that there are weighty financial reasons for such directed repurchase. Directed repurchases may be carried out  among others  through open market purchases  participation in accelerated book-building processes or through arranging reversed accelerated book-building processes.The purchase price per share shall be no more thanthe highest price paid for the company’s shares in public trading on the day of the repurchase or the offer to repurchase the company’s own shares  or alternatively  the average of the share prices (volume weighted average price on the regulated markets where the company’s share is admitted to trading) during the five trading days preceding the repurchase or the offer to repurchase the company’s own shares  retroactively taking into consideration the effect of an increased aggregate number of shares pursuant to the possible share issue without payment.The lowest purchase price per share shall be the price that is a maximum of 20 per cent lower than the lowest price paid for the company’s shares in public trading during the validity of this authorisation until the repurchase or the offer to repurchase the company’s own shares  retroactively taking into consideration the effect of an increased aggregate number of shares pursuant to the possible share issue without payment.It is proposed that the authorisation be valid until the close of the next Annual General Meeting  however no longer than 18 months from the Annual General Meeting's decision.20. Authorising the Board of Directors to resolve upon a share issue without paymentThe Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that the Annual General Meeting resolves to authorise the Board of Directors to resolve upon a share issue without payment in proportion to shares owned by shareholders (share split) based on the following terms in order to enhance share liquidity. The Board of Directors could then resolve upon the timing and execution of the share issue without payment at its discretion and based on the then prevailing market conditions  for example also considering the potential completion of the partial demerger of Sampo plc as proposed by the Board of Directors under agenda item 16.Based on the proposed authorisation  the Board of Directors could resolve to issue new shares to all shareholders without payment in proportion to their holdings so that a maximum of five (5) new A shares would be issued for each current A share and a maximum of five (5) new B shares would be issued for each current B share. The Board of Directors would be authorised to decide the exact amount of new shares issued for each A share and each B share within the limits of the proposed maximum number of new shares such that the ratio of current shares to new shares would be the same for both classes of shares. Based on the number of shares on the date of this Notice  a maximum of 2 554 888 845 new A shares and a maximum of 1 000 000 new B shares would be issued. The shares would be issued to shareholders who would be registered in the Company’s shareholders’ register maintained by Euroclear Finland Oy on the record date of the share issue. The share issue without payment would be executed in the book-entry system and would not require any action from the shareholders. The new A shares would be converted into SDRs in accordance with sections 7.1 and 7.2 of the General Terms and Conditions for the SDRs and would not require any action from SDR holders. The new shares would generate shareholders rights as of when they have been registered in the trade register.The Board of Directors would be authorised to decide on the record date of the share issue in accordance with applicable and valid legislation. The authorisation is proposed to remain valid until the next Annual General Meeting of Sampo plc  however at the latest until 30 June 2024.21. Closing of the meetingB. Documents of the Annual General MeetingThe proposals for decisions on the items on the agenda of the Annual General Meeting  the demerger plan relating to agenda item 16 as well as this Notice are available on Sampo plc’s website at www.sampo.com/agm . The Financial Statements  the Report of the Board of Directors  the Auditor’s Report and the Remuneration Report for Governing Bodies for the financial year 2022 will be made available at www.sampo.com/year2022 on week 14 at the latest. The proposals for decisions and the other above-mentioned documents are also available at the meeting. Copies of these documents and of this Notice will be sent to shareholders upon request. The minutes of the meeting will be available at www.sampo.com/agm on 31 May 2023 at the latest.C. Instructions for the participants in the Annual General Meeting1. Shareholders registered in the shareholders’ registerEach shareholder who is registered on 5 May 2023 in the shareholders’ register of Sampo plc held by Euroclear Finland Oy has the right to participate in the Annual General Meeting. A shareholder  whose shares are registered on their personal Finnish book-entry account  is registered in the shareholders’ register of the company.The registration for the AGM will commence on 11 April 2023 at 10.00 a.m. A shareholder who is registered in the shareholders’ register of the company and who wants to participate in the Annual General Meeting shall register for the meeting by 4.00 pm on 10 May 2023 by giving a prior notice of participation  which must be received by the company no later than on the above-mentioned date.Such notice can be given:On the company’s website at www.sampo.com/agmFor natural persons  electronic registration requires secure strong electronic authentication with personal online banking credentials or a mobile certificate. For shareholders that are legal entities  electronic registration does not require strong electronic authentication. However  the shareholder shall provide its business ID  number of its book-entry account and other required information. If a shareholder that is a legal entity uses the electronic Suomi.fi authorisation  the registration requires strong electronic authentication with online banking credentials or a mobile certificate.By email to yhtiokokous@euroclear.eu or regular mail to Euroclear Finland Oy  Annual General Meeting / Sampo plc  P.O. Box 1110  00101 Helsinki  Finland. By telephone +358 20 770 6907 Mon-Fri 9.00 am-4.00 pm;Registration must be received by 4.00 pm on Wednesday 10 May 2023 irrespective of the method of registration.In connection with the registration  the shareholder shall notify their name  personal identification number or business ID  address  telephone number  as well as the name of a possible assistant  proxy representative or statutory representative  and the personal identification number of the proxy representative or statutory representative. When registering a proxy on the internet the shareholder's book-entry account number is also required.The personal data given to Sampo plc is used only in connection with the Annual General Meeting and with the processing of related registrations.The shareholder  their authorized representative or proxy representative shall  where necessary  be able to prove their identity and/or right of representation at the Annual General Meeting.2. Holder of nominee-registered sharesHolders of nominee-registered shares have the right to participate in the Annual General Meeting by virtue of shares based on which they would be entitled to be registered in the shareholders’ register of the company held by Euroclear Finland Oy on 5 May 2023. In addition  the right to participate in the Annual General Meeting requires that the shareholder has been registered on the basis of such shares into the temporary shareholders’ register held by Euroclear Finland Oy at the latest by 10.00 am on 12 May 2023. As regards nominee-registered shares  this constitutes a due registration for the Annual General Meeting.A holder of nominee-registered shares is advised to request without delay necessary instructions regarding the registration in the temporary shareholders’ register of the company  the issuing of proxy documents and registration for the Annual General Meeting from their custodian bank. The account management organisation of the custodian bank shall register a holder of nominee-registered shares who wants to participate in the Annual General Meeting into the temporary shareholders’ register of the company at the latest by the date stated above.Further information on these matters can also be found on the company’s website www.sampo.com/agm .3. Holder of Swedish depository receiptsHolders of Swedish depository receipts have the right to participate in the Annual General Meeting by virtue of shares represented by the SDRs based on which they would be entitled to be registered in the shareholders’ register of the company held by Euroclear Finland Oy on 5 May 2023. In addition  the right to participate in the Annual General Meeting requires that the shareholder has been registered  on the basis of such shares represented by the SDRs  into the temporary shareholders’ register held by Euroclear Finland Oy at the latest by 10.00 am on 12 May 2023  and the request regarding such registration must be delivered to the issuer of the Swedish depository receipts and all necessary actions taken at the latest by 10.00 am on 9 May 2023. As regards holders of Swedish depository receipts  this constitutes a due registration for the Annual General Meeting.A holder of Swedish depository receipts is advised to request without delay necessary instructions regarding the registration in the temporary shareholders’ register of the company and the issuing of proxy documents from their custodian bank which the holder of the Swedish depository receipts has appointed to hold the Swedish depository receipts on their account. The account management organisation of said custodian bank shall register a holder of Swedish depositary receipts who wants to participate in the Annual General Meeting into the temporary shareholders’ register of the company at the latest by 10.00 am on 12 May 2023.Further information on these matters can also be found on the company’s website www.sampo.com/agm .4. Proxy representative and powers of attorneyA shareholder may participate in the Annual General Meeting and exercise their rights at the meeting by way of proxy representation. A proxy representative shall produce a dated proxy document or otherwise in a reliable manner demonstrate their right to represent the shareholder at the Annual General Meeting. When a shareholder participates in the Annual General Meeting by means of several proxy representatives representing the shareholder with shares on different securities accounts  the shares by which each proxy representative represents the shareholder shall be identified in connection with the registration for the Annual General Meeting.Possible proxy documents shall be delivered primarily through email to agm@sampo.fi or as originals to the address Sampo plc  AGM  Fabianinkatu 27  00100 Helsinki  Finland before the end of the registration period.Delivering of a proxy to the company prior to the end of the registration period is considered as registration for the meeting if all required information for registration described above is given.Shareholders who are legal entities may also use the electronic Suomi.fi authorisation service instead of a traditional authorisation. In such case  the legal entity authorises a representative in the Suomi.fi service at www.suomi.fi/e-authorizations by using the category “Representation at a general meeting”. The representative shall in connection with the registration to Euroclear Finland Oy’s general meeting service identify oneself through strong electronic identification. After that  the electronic authorisation will be proofed automatically. Online banking credentials or a mobile certificate may be used for strong electronic identification. More information is available at www.suomi.fi/e-authorizations and Sampo plc’s website at www.sampo.com/agm .5. Other instructions and informationPursuant to Chapter 5  Section 25 of the Finnish Companies Act  a shareholder who is present at the Annual General Meeting has the right to request information with respect to the items to be considered at the meeting.Any changes in the ownership of shares that have occurred after the record date of the Annual General Meeting do not affect the right to participate in nor the number of votes of the shareholder at the Annual General Meeting.On the date of this Notice of the Annual General Meeting  31 March 2023  the total number of shares in Sampo plc is 510 977 769 A shares  representing 510 977 769 votes  and 200 000 B shares  representing 1 000 000 votes  i.e. a total of 511 177 769 shares and 511 977 769 votes. At the Annual General Meeting  each A share carries one vote and each B share carries five votes.Helsinki  31 March 2023SAMPO PLCBoard of DirectorsDistribution:Nasdaq HelsinkiNasdaq StockholmLondon Stock ExchangeThe principal mediaFinancial Supervisory Authoritywww.sampo.comThis document is not an offer for sale of securities. The Mandatum plc shares referred to herein have not been  and will not be  registered under the US Securities Act of 1933 and may only be offered or sold pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements thereof. This document shall not be published or disseminated  in whole or in part  directly or indirectly  in Australia  Canada  Hongkong  Japan  New Zealand  South Africa or Singapore or any other country where publication or dissemination would be unlawful. This document is not an offer to sell or solicitation of an offer to buy securities in any such jurisdiction where such offer  solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration  exemption from registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such jurisdiction.,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.04,0.41,0.55,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'Sampo plc', 'Notice', 'SAMPO PLC STOCK EXCHANGE RELEASE', 'next Annual General Meeting', 'Sampo plc A shares', 'Björn Wahlroos', 'Euroclear Sweden AB', 'possible transfer tax', 'Antti Mäkinen', 'depository receipt holders', 'following annual fees', 'potential statutory social', 'Swedish depository receipts', 'Euroclear Finland Oy', 'The Remuneration Report', 'A. Items', 'securities depository', 'following items', 'Swedish Krona', 'potential completion', 'Convention Centre', 'Financial Statements', 'financial year', 'balance sheet', 'record date', 'settlement register', 'Governing Bodies', 'public trading', '50 per cent', 'pension costs', 'Christian Clausen', 'Fiona Clutterbuck', 'Georg Ehrnrooth', 'Jannica Fagerholm', 'Johanna Lamminen', 'Steve Langan', 'Risto Murto', 'Markus Rauramo', 'Annica Witschard', 'partial demerger', 'sufficient time', 'Remuneration Committee', 'Audit Committee', 'Helsinki Exhibition', 'Group CEO', 'company shares', 'ten members', 'current members', 'new members', 'agenda item', 'shareholders’ register', 'Vice Chair', 'advisory resolution', 'The Board', 'Board members', '511,177,769 shares', 'March', 'Notice', 'Wednesday', 'May', 'halls', 'Messuaukio', 'reception', 'serving', 'coffee', '12.00 noon', 'position', 'Directors', 'AGM', 'event', 'Finnish', 'interpretation', 'English', 'recording', 'interview', 'website', 'Opening', 'Election', 'persons', 'minutes', 'counting', 'votes', 'legality', 'attendance', 'adoption', 'list', 'Presentation', 'Auditor', 'Review', 'profit', 'payment', 'treasury', 'Story', 'sake', 'clarity', 'issuer', 'discharge', 'liability', 'Consideration', 'week', 'Nomination', 'close', 'Committees', 'accordance', 'price', 'deduction', 'taxes', 'acquisition', 'number', 'term', 'duties', '9.30', '12:45', '22', '10.']",2023-03-31,2023-04-01,finance.yahoo.com
21880,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://biztoc.com/x/ef8064b4bd15ea36,Euroclear to Launch DLT-based Bond Settlement Platform This Year,Coinspeaker Euroclear to Launch DLT-based Bond Settlement Platform This Year Euroclear  a Brussels-based firm specializing in traditional finance securities trading  is reportedly working on the launch of a new platform for trading securities based on distrib…,CoinspeakerEuroclear to Launch DLT-based Bond Settlement Platform This YearEuroclear  a Brussels-based firm specializing in traditional finance securities trading  is reportedly working on the launch of a new platform for trading securities based on distributed ledger technology (DLT). A staffer from the firm stated that the launch of the platform could happen as soon as…This story appeared on coinspeaker.com   2023-03-31.,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.0,True,English,"['DLT-based Bond Settlement Platform', 'Euroclear', 'DLT-based Bond Settlement Platform', 'traditional finance securities trading', 'distributed ledger technology', 'new platform', 'Brussels-based firm', 'Coinspeaker', 'Euroclear', 'launch', 'staffer', 'story']",2023-03-31,2023-04-01,biztoc.com
21881,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/notice-annual-general-meeting-medivir-102500767.html,Notice of Annual General Meeting of Medivir AB (publ),The shareholders of Medivir AB (publ)  reg. no. 556238-4361  with its registered office in Huddinge  Stockholm  are hereby summoned to the annual general...,"STOCKHOLM  March 31  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- The shareholders of Medivir AB (publ)  reg. no. 556238-4361  with its registered office in Huddinge  Stockholm  are hereby summoned to the annual general meeting on Thursday 4 May 2023 at 14.00 CEST at Tändstickspalatset  Västra Trädgårdsgatan 15  Stockholm  Sweden.Shareholders can participate in the annual general meeting by attending the venue in person or by voting in advance (postal voting).Right to participate in the annual general meeting and notice of participationParticipation in the annual general meeting at the venueA shareholder who wishes to participate in the annual general meeting at the venue in person or represented by a proxy must (i) be recorded in the share register maintained by Euroclear Sweden AB relating to the circumstances on 25 April 2023  and (ii) no later than 27 April 2023 give notice by post to Medivir AB  ""Annual general meeting""  c/o Euroclear Sweden AB  Box 191  SE-101 23 Stockholm  by telephone +46 (0)8 402 92 37 or by the company's webpage www.medivir.com. When providing such notice  the shareholder should set forth the name  address  telephone number (daytime)  personal/corporate identity number  the number of shares held and  when applicable  information about representatives and assistants.If a shareholder is represented by proxy  a written  dated proxy for the representative must be issued  should the right to vote for the shares be divided among different representatives  the representatives  together with information on the number of shares each representative is entitled to vote for. A proxy form is available on the company's webpage  www.medivir.com. If the proxy is issued by a legal entity  a certificate of registration or equivalent certificate of authority should be enclosed. To facilitate the registration at the annual general meeting  the proxy and the certificate of registration or equivalent certificate of authority should be sent to the company as set out above so that it is received no later than 3 May 2023.Story continuesParticipation by advance votingA shareholder who wishes to participate in the annual general meeting by advance voting must(i) be recorded in the share register maintained by Euroclear Sweden AB relating to the circumstances on 25 April 2023  and (ii) notify its intention to participate in the annual general meeting no later than27 April 2023  by casting its advance vote in accordance with the instructions below so that the advance vote is received by Euroclear Sweden AB no later than on that day.A shareholder who wishes to participate in the annual general meeting at the venue in person or represented by a proxy must give notice thereof in accordance with what is set out under Participation in the annual general meeting at the venue above. This means that a notification by advance vote is not sufficient for a person who wishes to participate at the venue.A special form shall be used when advance voting. The advance voting form is available on the company's webpage www.medivir.com. A completed and signed form must be received by Euroclear Sweden AB no later than 27 April 2023. The form may be submitted via e-mail to GeneralMeetingService@euroclear.com or by post to Medivir AB  ""Annual general meeting""  c/o Euroclear Sweden AB  Box 191  SE-101 23 Stockholm  Sweden. Shareholders may also cast their advance votes electronically through BankID verification via Euroclear Sweden AB's webpage; https://anmalan.vpc.se/EuroclearProxyThe shareholder may not provide special instructions or conditions in the voting form. If so  the vote (i.e. the advance vote in its entirety) is invalid. Further instructions and conditions are included in the form for advance voting.If a shareholder votes in advance by proxy  a written and dated proxy shall be enclosed to the advance voting form. Proxy forms are available on the company's webpage www.medivir.com. If the shareholder is a legal entity  a certificate of incorporation or an equivalent certificate of authority should be enclosed. If a shareholder has voted in advance and then attends the annual general meeting in person or through a proxy  the advance vote is still valid except to the extent the shareholder casts votes during the annual general meeting or otherwise withdraws its casted advance vote. If the shareholder chooses to participate in a voting during the annual general meeting  the submitted advance vote will be replaced by the vote cast at the annual general meeting.For questions regarding the annual general meeting or to have the advance voting form sent by post  please contact Euroclear Sweden AB on telephone +46 (0)8 402 92 37 (Monday–Friday  09.00–16.00 CEST).Nominee-registered sharesTo be entitled to participate in the annual general meeting  a shareholder whose shares are held in the name of a nominee must  in addition to providing notification of participation  register its shares in its own name so that the shareholder is recorded in the share register relating to the circumstances on 25 April 2023. Such registration may be temporary (so-called voting right registration) and is requested from the nominee in accordance with the nominee's procedures and in such time in advance as the nominee determines. Voting right registrations completed by the nominee not later than 27 April 2023 are taken into account when preparing the register of shareholders.Shareholders' right to request informationShareholders are reminded of their right to  at the annual general meeting  obtain information from the board of directors and the managing director in accordance with Chapter 7 Section 32 of the Swedish Companies Act (Sw. aktiebolagslagen).Number of shares and votesAs of the date of this notice there are 55 735 651 class B shares in the company that entitle to one vote each. The company holds 11 413 own class B shares.Proposed agendaOpening of the meeting. Election of chairman of the meeting. Preparation and approval of the voting list. Election of two persons who shall approve the minutes of the meeting. Approval of the agenda. Determination of whether the meeting has been duly convened. Reports from the managing director and the chairman of the board. Presentation of the annual report and the auditor's report as well as the consolidated annual accounts and the auditor's report for the group. Resolution on approval of the profit and loss account and balance sheet as well as the consolidated profit and loss account and consolidated balance sheet. Resolution on approval of allocations of the company's profits or losses according to the adopted balance sheet. Resolution on discharge from liability of the members of the board of directors and the managing director. Determination of the number of directors  deputy directors  auditors and deputy auditors. Determination of fees to be paid to the directors and the auditor. Election of the members of the board of directorsThe nomination committee's proposal:14.1 Uli Hacksell (re-election)14.2 Lennart Hansson (re-election)14.3 Bengt Westermark (re-election)14.4 Yilmaz Mahshid (re-election)14.5 Anette Lindqvist (re-election) Election of the chairman of the board.The nomination committee proposes that Uli Hacksell is re-elected as chairman of the board. Election of the auditor. Presentation of the board of directors' remuneration report for approval. The board of directors' proposal to adopt new articles of association. The board of directors' proposal regarding authorization for the board to resolve on new share issues. The board of directors' proposal regarding a long-term incentive program in the form of a share matching program (LTIP 2023). Closing of the meeting.Election of chairman of the meeting (item 2)The nomination committee  comprising Karl Tobieson (Linc AB  chairman)  Richard Torgerson (Nordea Investment Funds)  Anders Hallberg (HealthInvest Partners) and the chairman of the board of directors  Uli Hacksell  proposes Uli Hacksell  or the person appointed by the board of directors if he has an impediment to attend  to be appointed chairman of the meeting.Allocation of the company's balance (item 10)The board of directors proposes that the company's results shall be carried forward.Determination of the number of directors  deputy directors  auditors and deputy auditors (item 12)The nomination committee proposes that the board of directors shall consist of five members with no deputies. The company shall have one auditor without deputy auditors.Determination of fees to be paid to the directors and the auditor (item 13)The nomination committee proposes that the remuneration to the board of directors shall be paid in a total amount of not more than SEK 1 730 000 (1 730 000) annually allocated as follows (fees for 2022 within brackets). The chairman shall receive SEK 690 000 (690 000) and other board members not employed by the company shall receive SEK 260 000 (260 000) each.The remuneration to the auditor is proposed to be paid in accordance with approved invoices within the auditor's quotation.Election of the directors and election of chairman of the board (item 14 and 15)The proposals by the nomination committee are stated in the proposed agenda above. Further information on the proposed members of the board is available at www.medivir.com.Election of the auditor (item 16)The nomination committee proposes new election of the auditing company Grant Thornton AB  as the company's auditor for the period until the end of the annual general meeting to be held 2024. Therese Utengen is proposed by Grant Thornton AB as auditor in charge if they are elected. The proposal is in accordance with the board of directors' recommendation.The board of directors' proposal to adopt new articles of association (item 18)The board of directors proposes that the annual general meeting resolves to adopt new articles of association to update § 4 and to remove § 13. The updated § 4 together with the removed 13 § entail the removal of the share class A  including its pre-emption rights  and that shares of series B will be reclassified to ordinary shares. In addition  the new § 4 enables shares of series C to be issued  conversion of shares of series C into ordinary shares  redemption and regulates pre-emptive rights.The board of directors proposes that the CEO shall be authorized to make the minor adjustments to this resolution that may be necessary in connection with the registration thereof.Current wording Proposed wording 4 § Share capital and sharesThe share capital is to be not less than SEK twenty million (20 000 000) and not more than SEK eighty million (80 000 000). The number of shares is to be not less than forty million (40.000.000) and not more than one hundred and sixty million (160 000 000).Two classes of shares may be issued  series A and series B. Shares of series A shall entitle the holder to ten (10) votes per share  whereas shares of series B shall entitle the holder to one (1) vote per share. Shares of each class may be issued in a quantity not exceeding the total number of shares in the company.Holders of shares of series A are entitled to  by written notification to the company  request conversion of shares of series A into shares of series B. The same shall apply with regard to subscription rights to shares of series A.If the company resolves to issue new shares of two classes  series A and series B  through a cash issue or offset issue  holders of series A and series B shares shall have a pre-emptive right to subscribe for new shares of the same class in proportion to the number of shares already owned by the shareholders (primary pre-emptive right). Shares not subscribed for on the basis of a primary pre-emptive right shall be offered for subscription to all shareholders (subsidiary pre-emptive right). If the number of shares offered in this way is insufficient to meet the demand from holders of a subsidiary pre-emptive right  the shares shall be allocated among the subscribers in proportion to the number of shares already held by them and  to the extent that this is not possible  through the drawing of lots.If the company resolves to issue new shares of only one class through a cash issue or an offset issue  all shareholders  irrespective of the class of share they hold  shall have a pre-emptive right of subscription to the new shares in proportion to the number of shares already held by them.If the company decides to issue warrants or convertibles through a cash issue or an offset issue  the shareholders shall have a pre-emptive right to subscribe for warrants as if the issue concerned the shares which may be subscribed for on the basis of the options  or a pre-emptive right to subscribe for convertibles as if the issue concerned the shares for which the convertibles may be exchanged.The above provisions shall not restrict the company's right to resolve on a cash issue or an offset issue which is not based on shareholders' pre-emptive rights.If the share capital is increased through a bonus issue  new shares of each class will be issued in proportion to the number of shares of the same class already exist. Earlier shares of a specific class shall then entitle the shareholder to new shares of the same class. The foregoing shall not restrict the company's right to issue shares of a new class through a bonus issue  following the requisite amendments to the articles of association. 4 § Share capital and sharesThe share capital is to be not less than SEK twenty million (20 000 000) and not more than SEK eighty million (80 000 000). The number of shares is to be not less than forty million (40.000.000) and not more than one hundred and sixty million (160 000 000).Two classes of shares may be issued  ordinary shares and shares of series C. Ordinary shares shall entitle the holder to one (1) vote per share  whereas shares of series C shall entitle the holder to one tenth (1/10) vote per share. Shares of each class may be issued in a quantity not exceeding the total number of shares in the company.Shares of series C held by the company may  upon decision of the board of directors be reclassified into ordinary shares. Immediately thereafter  the board of directors shall register the reclassification with the Swedish Companies Registration Office. The reclassification is effected when it has been registered and the reclassification has been reflected in the central securities depository register.Holders of shares of series C are not entitled to dividends. Upon the company's liquidation  shares of series C carry equivalent right to the company's assets as other shares  however not to an amount exceeding the quota value of the share.If the company resolves to issue new shares of two classes  ordinary shares and shares of series C  through a cash issue or offset issue  holders of ordinary shares and series C shares shall have a pre-emptive right to subscribe for new shares of the same class in proportion to the number of shares already owned by the shareholders (primary pre-emptive right). Shares not subscribed for on the basis of a primary pre-emptive right shall be offered for subscription to all shareholders (subsidiary pre-emptive right). If the number of shares offered in this way is insufficient to meet the demand from holders of a subsidiary pre-emptive right  the shares shall be allocated among the subscribers in proportion to the number of shares already held by them and  to the extent that this is not possible  through the drawing of lots.If the company resolves to issue new shares of only one class through a cash issue or an offset issue  all shareholders  irrespective of the class of share they hold  shall have a pre-emptive right of subscription to the new shares in proportion to the number of shares already held by them.If the company decides to issue warrants or convertibles through a cash issue or an offset issue  the shareholders shall have a pre-emptive right to subscribe for warrants as if the issue concerned the shares which may be subscribed for on the basis of the options  or a pre-emptive right to subscribe for convertibles as if the issue concerned the shares for which the convertibles may be exchanged.The above provisions shall not restrict the company's right to resolve on a cash issue or an offset issue which is not based on shareholders' pre-emptive rights.If the share capital is increased through a bonus issue  new shares of each class will be issued in proportion to the number of shares of the same class already exist. Earlier shares of a specific class shall then entitle the shareholder to new shares of the same class. The foregoing shall not restrict the company's right to issue shares of a new class through a bonus issue  following the requisite amendments to the articles of association.Reduction of share capital  which in any case shall not fall below the minimum share capital  may  upon the request of an owner of shares of series C and a resolution by the company's board of directors or the general meeting  take place through redemption of shares of series C. A request from a shareholder shall be made in writing. When a resolution on reduction has been passed  an amount corresponding to the reduction amount shall be transferred to the company's reserve fund  if required funds are available. The redemption amount share of series C shall correspond to the quota value of such share.Following notice of the redemption resolution  holders of shares shall promptly receive payment for the shares  or  if authorization from the Swedish Companies Registration Office or a court is required  following notice that the final decision has been registered. 13 § Pre-emption rightShould a share of series A be transferred to a person who was not previously a holder of shares of series A in the company  such share of series A are to be offered immediately to all other owners of shares of series A for redemption through written notice to the company's board of directors. However  such an obligation does not apply where the share of series A has been transferred to a legal entity in which the holder of the share of series A has a majority of votes and capital  or to a foundation.When the share has been offered for redemption as stipulated above  the board of directors or the managing director shall immediately notify the holders of shares of series A  with a request for the shareholder who wish to exercise its redemption right  to notify the board of directors in writing within 14 days from the notification to the board of directors regarding the share transfer. If notification is made by several shareholders  the shares of series A shall be allocated amongst them in proportion to their shareholdings at the time of the redemption.The redemption amount is to be equal to the share price of the listed shares of series B (the last price or  in the absence of such  the bid price) on the day of notification to the board of directors regarding the share transfer. The redemption amount is to paid within one month calculated from the date of the share transfer. If no party with pre-emption rights issues a purchase claim  or if redemption is not paid for within the prescribed period of time  the share offered for pre-emption shall be automatically converted into a share of series B  after which the party who has offered the share for redemption shall be entitled to be registered as the owner of the shares.The pre-emption right does not apply to shares of series B. 13 § (Article removed)The board of directors' proposal on a share issue authorization (item 19)The board proposes that the annual general meeting resolves to authorize to the board  up and until the next annual general meeting  on one or several occasions and with or without pre-emptive rights for shareholders  to resolve on the issue of new shares of series B  comprising a total of not more than 20 per cent of the total number of outstanding shares in the company after the utilization of the authorization. It shall also be possible to make such an issue resolution stipulating in-kind payment  the right to offset debt or other conditions referred to in Chapter 13 Section 5 first paragraph item 6 in the Swedish Companies Act.The purpose of the authorization is to provide flexibility to the board in its work to ensure that the company can appropriately raise capital for the financing of the business. Issuances of new shares under the authorization shall be made on market terms.All references to shares of series B in the proposal above shall be read as references to ordinary shares in the event that the annual general meeting resolves to adopt new articles of association in accordance with item 18.The board of directors' proposal regarding a long-term incentive program in the form of a share matching program (LTIP 2023) (item 20)The board of directors proposes that the annual general meeting resolves to adopt a long-term incentive program in the form of a share matching program for key employees within the Medivir group in accordance with item 20(a) below. The resolution in accordance with item 20(a) shall be conditional upon i) the annual general meeting resolving to adopt the hedging arrangements with respect to the incentive program in accordance with the board of directors' proposal under item 20(b) below and ii) the annual general meeting resolving to adopt new articles of association in accordance with the board of directors' proposal under item 18. All references to shares of series B in the proposal below shall be read as references to ordinary shares if the annual general meeting resolves to adopt new articles of association in accordance with item 18.Adoption of the incentive program (item 20(a))Summary of the programThe board of directors proposes that the annual general meeting resolves to adopt a long-term incentive program in the form of a share matching program (the ""LTIP 2023""). LTIP 2023 is proposed to include not more than 11 key employees within the Medivir group. The participants in LTIP 2023 are required to invest in the group by acquiring shares in Medivir AB (publ) with the purpose of being allocated to LTIP 2023 (""Investment Shares""). For each Investment Share  the participant has the right to  provided certain conditions are fulfilled  receive one (1) share of series B under LTIP 2023 free of charge (""Matching Shares"") and  provided certain performance conditions are fulfilled  a maximum of five (5) additional shares of series B free of charge (""Performance Shares"") in accordance with the terms set out below.Personal investmentIn order to participate in LTIP 2023  the participant must have made a private investment by acquiring Investment Shares. The Investment Shares shall have been acquired at market price with the purpose of being allocated to LTIP 2023. The maximum number of Investment Shares that each participant can allocate to LTIP 2023 is further described below and corresponds to an amount of approximately 5–10 per cent of each participant's annual base salary. For each Investment Share held under LTIP 2023  the company will grant participants one (1) right to one (1) Matching Share  meaning the right to receive one Matching Share free of charge (""Matching Rights"") and in addition  provided that certain performance conditions are fulfilled  a maximum of five (5) additional rights to five (5) Performance Shares free of charge (""Performance Rights"") in accordance with the terms set out below (Matching Rights and Performance Rights are together referred to as ""Rights"").Terms and conditionsThe Matching Rights may be exercised provided that the participant  with certain exceptions  as of the start of LTIP 2023 for the participant and up until and including the date of release of the interim report for the period January – March 2026 (the ""Vesting Period"") has kept its own original Investment Shares and that the participant  with certain exceptions  maintains its employment within the Medivir group. LTIP 2023 shall start as soon as practicable after the annual general meeting 2023. The last day for allotment of the Rights shall be 31 December 2023. Newly employed key employees in Medivir may be invited to participate in LTIP 2023 up until 31 December 2023  and shall then make their first investment in Investment Shares within the first two weeks after the first day of employment. The Matching Shares are received after the end of the Vesting Period.The Performance Rights may be exercised provided that  in addition to the requirement for the participant's maintained employment and a retained Investment Share investment in accordance with the above  certain performance conditions are fulfilled. A participant's Performance Rights entitle to a maximum number of Performance Shares of five (5) per Investment Share if the total shareholder return (shareholder return in the form of an increase of the price of the company's share and reinvestment of potential dividends during the term of LTIP 2023) (""TSR"")1 on Medivir's share during the period from March 2023 to March 2026 (the ""Performance Period"") amounts to or exceeds 100 per cent (corresponding to approximately 33.33 per cent per year). For allotment under the performance conditions  the TSR on the company's shares of series B must amount to or exceed 50 per cent (corresponding to approximately 16.67 per cent per year) during the Performance Period  which would entitle the participant to one (1) Performance Share per Investment Share. In between the percentages  allotment will be made linearly. Performance Shares are received after the end of the Vesting Period.The RightsThe Rights shall  in addition to what is set out above  be governed by the following terms and conditions:The Rights are granted free of charge as soon as practicable after the start of LTIP 2023 provided that the participant has made a private investment by acquiring Investment Shares. The last day for allotment of the Rights shall be 31 December 2023. Rights that fall due according to the terms must be returned and can be granted again up until 31 December 2023.The Matching Rights and the Performance Rights vest during the Vesting Period. The performance conditions of the Performance Rights are assessed during the Performance Period.The Rights may not be transferred or pledged.Each Matching Right entitles the participant to receive one (1) Matching Share free of charge after the end of the Vesting Period (with certain exceptions where the timing of the receival may be accelerated) if the participant  with certain exceptions  maintains its employment within the Medivir group and the invested Investment Shares until the time of the release of the interim report for the period January – March 2026. Each Performance Right entitles the participant to receive one (1) Matching Share free of charge after the end of the Vesting Period (with certain exceptions where the Vesting Period may be accelerated) if the performance conditions set out above are fulfilled and provided that the participant maintains its employment within the Medivir group and the invested Investment Shares during the Vesting Period.In order to align the participants' and the shareholders' interests  the company will compensate the participants for any dividends paid by increasing the number of Matching Shares and Performance Shares that the Rights entitle to at the end of the Vesting Period.The maximum value per Matching Right and Performance Right  respectively  is limited to SEK 80 (corresponding to ten (10) times the closing price of the company's shares of series B on 22 March 2022). In the event that the value of such Right exceeds such limit  the number of Matching Shares and Performance Shares will be decreased on a pro rata basis.Preparation and administrationThe board of directors shall be responsible for preparing the detailed terms and conditions of LTIP 2023  in accordance with the above terms and conditions  including provisions on recalculation in the event of a bonus issue  split  rights issue and/or other similar events.In connection with the preparation of the detailed terms and conditions of LTIP 2023  the board of directors shall also be entitled to make adjustments to meet foreign regulations or market conditions. In addition  the board of directors is granted the right to terminate or adjust the program in case of a takeover bid or a similar event. The board of directors shall also have the right to make other adjustments if significant changes in the Medivir group or its environment would result in a situation where the adopted terms and conditions of LTIP 2023 no longer serve their purpose.Allocation.The participants are divided into different categories and  in accordance with the above  the following number of Investment Shares may be allocated by the participants to LTIP 2023 and the following number of Rights may be allocated to the particpants in the different categories:Category Maximum number of Investment Shares per person in the category Maximum number of Rights per person in the category Maximum number of Rights Matching Rights Performance Rights Matching Rights Performance Rights A. CEO (not more than 1 person) 28 500 28 500 142 500 28 500 142 500 B. Other members of executive management (not more than 4 persons) 17 000 17 000 85 000 68 000 340 000 C. Other employees (not more than6 persons) 6 500 6 500 32 500 39 000 195 000In total  not more than 813 000 Rights may be allotted under LTIP 2023. Participants in category A and B may acquire Investment Shares to an amount corresponding to approximately 10 per cent of the participant's annual base salary. Participants in category C may acquire Investment Shares to an amount corresponding to approximately 5–10 per cent of the participant's annual base salary.In case not all participants invest their full part of Investment Shares by the end of the notification period  the other participants are entitled to invest in additional a maximum of 50 per cent Investment Shares in accordance with the instructions of the board of directors  which shall entitle to the corresponding Rights. There will be no guaranteed allocation in connection with an investment in additional Investment Shares. In case of over notification by the above persons covered by the allotment principles  the allotment shall be made as follows. First  allocation shall be made pro rata in relation to the number of additional invested Investment Shares. Secondarily  allocation shall be made through the drawing of lots executed by the board of directors.Delivery of shares under LTIP 2023To ensure delivery of shares under LTIP 2023  the board of directors proposes that the annual general meeting resolves to authorize the board of directors to resolve on issue of shares of series C and on repurchase of shares of series C and resolves on transfer of own shares of series B in accordance with item (b) below.Scope and costs of LTIP 2023LTIP 2023 will be accounted for in accordance with IFRS 2 which stipulates that the Rights should be recorded as non-cash personnel expenses during the period of LTIP 2023. The costs for LTIP 2023 is estimated to amount to approximately SEK 2.3 million  excluding social security costs  calculated in accordance with IFRS 2 based on the following assumptions: (i) that 135 000 Matching Rights and 677 500 Performance Shares are allotted  (ii) that the price of the company's share immediately before the start of LTIP 2023 amounts to SEK 8.00 per share (closing price on 22 March 2023)  (iii) an estimated annual turnover of personnel of 10 per cent and (iv) that the TSR during the Performance Period amounts to 75 per cent.The costs for social security charges are estimated to approximately SEK 1.7 million  based on the above assumptions and a social security tax rate of 31.42 per cent. Together with the IFRS 2 cost  this will result in estimated costs of SEK 4.0 million. In addition to what is set forth above  the costs for LTIP 2023 have been based on that LTIP 2023 comprises not more than 11 participants and that each participant exercises its maximum investment.Effects on key ratios and dilutionUpon maximum allotment of 135 500 Matching Shares  677 500 Performance Shares and provided that the hedging arrangements in accordance with item 20(b) below are adopted by the annual general meeting  835 000 shares of series B will be allotted to participants under LTIP 2023  including a buffer of 22 000 shares of series B for dividend compensations  meaning a dilution of approximately 1.50 per cent of the number of shares and votes in the company. In addition  LTIP 2023 comprises allotment of 135 500 Investment Shares to the participants at the volume weighted average share price during the five trading days immediately prior to the offer to each participant to acquire the Investment Shares  meaning a dilution of approximately 0.24 per cent of the number of shares and votes in the company. This is conditional upon the annual general meeting resolving to adopt the proposed hedging arrangements in accordance with item 20(b) below.Taking into account shares that may be issued in accordance with previously implemented incentive programs in the form of warrant programs in the company and in accordance with the share matching program proposed to the annual general meeting with respect to the maximum number of Matching Shares and Performance Shares  the maximal dilution effect is approximately 4.35 per cent.The costs are expected to have a limited effect on the company's key ratios.The rationale for the proposalThe rationale for LTIP 2023 is to create conditions for motivating and retaining competent employees of the Medivir group as well as for the alignment of the targets of the participants with those of the company  as well as to increase the motivation of meeting and exceeding the company's financial targets. LTIP 2023 has been designed based on the view that it is desirable that key employees within the Medivir group are shareholders in the company. Participation in LTIP 2023 requires a personal investment in Investment Shares.By offering an allotment of Rights which  inter alia  are based on performance conditions  the participants are rewarded for increased shareholder value. Further  LTIP 2023 rewards employees' continued loyalty and thereby the long-term value growth in the company. Against this background  the board of directors is of the opinion that the adoption of LTIP 2023 will have a positive effect on the Medivir group's future development and thus be beneficial for both the company and its shareholders.Preparation of the matterThe principles of LTIP 2023 have been prepared by the board of directors of the company. The board of directors has thereafter resolved to submit this proposal to the annual general meeting. Except for the officials who prepared the matter pursuant to instructions from the board of directors  no employee that may be included in the program has taken part in the drafting thereof.Other share related incentive programs etc.Except from the current proposal to adopt a share matching program and the previous warrant programs resolved upon at the annual general meetings 2020  2021 and 2022  the company has no outstanding share related incentive programs. It is the board of directors's intention that the program shall recur annually  albeit in varying sizes.Proposal regarding authorization for the board of directors to resolve on a directed share issue of shares of series C and to repurchase issued shares of series C as well as resolution on transfer of own shares of series B to participants in LTIP 2023 and in the market (item 20 (b))The resolutions under items 20 (b)(i) - (iii) are proposed to be conditional upon i) that the annual general meeting resolves in accordance with the board of directors' proposal in accordance with item 18 regarding the adoption of new articles of association  and ii) upon each other. It is therefore proposed that the resolutions under items 20 (b)(i) - (iii) are adopted jointly.Authorization for the board of directors to resolve on issue of shares of series C (item 20 (b)(i))The board of directors proposes that the annual general meeting resolves to authorize the board of directors  during the period until the next annual general meeting  at one or several occasions  to increase the company's share capital by not more than SEK 485 250 by the issue of not more than 970 500 shares of series C  each with a quota value of SEK 0.50. With deviation from the shareholders' pre-emptive rights  a participating third party shall be entitled to subscribe for the new shares of series C at a subscription price corresponding to the quota value of the shares. The purpose of the authorization and the reason for the deviation from the shareholders' pre-emptive rights in connection with the issue of shares is to enable for participants in LTIP 2023 to acquire Investment Shares  ensure delivery of shares under LTIP 2023 as well as to cover any social costs and dividend compensations due to LTIP 2023.Authorization for the board of directors to resolve to repurchase own shares of series C (item 20 (b)(ii))The board of directors proposes that the annual general meeting resolves to authorize the board of directors  during the period until the next annual general meeting  at one or several occasions  to repurchase shares of series C. The repurchase may only be effected through a public offer directed to all holders of shares of series C and shall comprise all outstanding shares of series C. The purchase may be effected at a purchase price corresponding to the quota value of the share. Payment for the shares of series C shall be made in cash. The purpose of the proposed repurchase authorization is to enable for participants in LTIP 2023 to acquire Investment Shares  ensure delivery of shares under LTIP 2023 as well as to cover any social costs due to LTIP 2023.Resolution on the transfer of own shares of series B (item 20 (b)(iii))The board of directors proposes that the annual general meeting resolves that 835 000 shares of series C that the company purchases by virtue of the authorization to repurchase shares of series C in accordance with item 20 (b)(ii) above  following reclassification into shares of series B  may be transferred free of charge to participants in LTIP 2023 in accordance with resolved conditions and transferred to cover any social costs due to LTIP 2023.The board of directors thus proposes that the annual general meeting resolves that a maximum of 981 913 shares of series B held by the company  including such shares of series B that the company holds after previously completed repurchases  may be transferred to participants in accordance with the terms of LTIP 2023  and that it may be transferred on Nasdaq Stockholm  including through a financial intermediary  at a price within the price range registered at the time  to cover any social security contributions in accordance with the terms of LTIP 2023. The number of shares that can be transferred is subject to recalculation as a result of an in-between bonus issue  share split  share split  rights issue and/or similar events.The board of directors proposes that the annual general meeting resolves that 135 000 of the shares of series C that the company purchases by virtue of the authorization to repurchase shares of series C in accordance with item 20 (b)(ii) above  following reclassification into shares of series B  may be transferred to employees in Medivir to enable for acquisitions of Investment Shares for participation in LTIP 2023. The board of directors therefore proposes that a maximum of 135 500 shares of series B may be transferred to employees of Medivir. The transfer price shall amount to the volume weighted average share price during the five trading days immediately prior to the date of the offer to each participant to acquire Investment Shares.Majority requirementsA decision according to the proposal pursuant to item 18 and 19 above is valid only when supported by shareholders holding not less than two-thirds (2/3) of both the votes cast and of the shares represented at the annual general meeting. A decision according to the proposal pursuant to item 20 above is valid only when supported by shareholders holding not less than nine-tenths (9/10) of both the votes cast and of the shares represented at the annual general meeting.DocumentationThe annual report  the remuneration report and other supporting documentation for resolutions will be available at the company's offices  Medivir AB  Lunastigen 5  SE-141 22 Huddinge  Sweden no later than three weeks prior to the meeting. In addition  the motivated statement from the nomination committee will be available at the company's address stated above no later than four weeks prior to the annual general meeting. The above documents will be sent to all shareholders who so request and provide their postal address and will also be available on the company's website www.medivir.com. This notice is a translation of a Swedish notice and in case of any deviations between the both language versions  the Swedish version shall prevail.Processing of personal dataFor information about the processing of your personal data  see the integrity policy that is available at Euroclear Sweden AB's website www.euroclear.com/dam/ESwithLegal/Privacy-notice-bolagsstammor-engelska.pdf. Medivir's AB (publ) corporate registration number is 556238-4361 and its registered office is in Huddinge  Sweden.Huddinge  March 2023Medivir AB (publ)The Board of Directors1 TSR is calculated by comparing the weighted average price of the shares during March 2023 with the weighted average price of the shares during March 2026  including reinvested dividend.About MedivirMedivir develops innovative drugs with a focus on cancer where the unmet medical needs are high. The drug candidates are directed toward indication areas where available therapies are limited or missing and there are great opportunities to offer significant improvements to patients. Medivir is focusing on the development of fostroxacitabine bralpamide (fostrox)  a pro-drug designed to selectively treat liver cancer cells and to minimize side effects. Collaborations and partnerships are important parts of Medivir's business model  and the drug development is conducted either by Medivir or in partnership. Birinapant  a SMAC mimetic  is exclusively outlicensed to IGM Biosciences (Nasdaq: IGMS) to be developed in combination with IGM-antibodies for the treatment of solid tumors. Medivir's share (ticker: MVIR) is listed on Nasdaq Stockholm's Small Cap list. www.medivir.com.For additional information  please contactMagnus Christensen  CFO  Medivir ABTelephone: +46 8 5468 3100E-mail: magnus.christensen@medivir.comThe following files are available for download:https://mb.cision.com/Main/652/3744594/1958175.pdf Press release (PDF)CisionView original content:https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/notice-of-annual-general-meeting-of-medivir-ab-publ-301786889.htmlSOURCE Medivir",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.26,0.27,0.47,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'Medivir AB', 'Notice', 'Västra Trädgårdsgatan', 'annual general meeting', 'Euroclear Sweden AB', 'personal/corporate identity number', 'advance voting form', 'Medivir AB', 'Tändstickspalatset', 'postal voting', 'share register', 'legal entity', 'BankID verification', 'special form', 'special instructions', 'Further instructions', 'advance vote', 'different representatives', 'Proxy forms', 'Such registration', 'Nominee-registered shares', 'telephone number', 'equivalent certificate', 'dated proxy', 'March', 'shareholders', 'publ', 'office', 'Huddinge', 'Stockholm', 'Thursday', 'May', '14.00 CEST', 'venue', 'Right', 'notice', 'participation', 'circumstances', '25 April', '27 April', 'Box', 'company', 'webpage', 'name', 'address', 'daytime', 'information', 'assistants', 'authority', 'Story', 'intention', 'accordance', 'notification', 'mail', 'GeneralMeetingService', 'votes', 'vpc', 'EuroclearProxy', 'conditions', 'entirety', 'extent', 'questions', 'Monday', 'addition', 'tempo', '46', '8']",2023-03-31,2023-04-01,finance.yahoo.com
21882,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/notice-annual-general-meeting-2023-121800559.html,Notice of Annual General Meeting 2023 in Enzymatica AB (publ),The English text is an unofficial translation. In case of any discrepancies between the Swedish text and the English translation  the Swedish text shall...,"LUND  Sweden  March 31  2023 /PRNewswire/ --The English text is an unofficial translation. In case of any discrepancies between the Swedish text and the English translation  the Swedish text shall prevailThe annual general meeting of Enzymatica AB (publ)  reg. no. 556719-9244 (the ""Company"")  will be held on 4 May 2023 at 14:30  Elite Hotel Ideon  Scheelevägen 27 in Lund.Notification etc.Those who wish to participate in the annual general meeting must:(i) be listed as a shareholder in the presentation of the share register prepared by Euroclear Sweden AB concerning the circumstances as per the record date of 25 April 2023; and(ii) give notice of intent to participate no later than 27 April 2023. Notification shall be made either in writing to Enzymatica AB  Att: Sriwarint Olsson  Ideon Science Park  Scheelevägen 19  SE-223 70 Lund  or by email  sriwarint.olsson@enzymatica.com.The notice shall include full name  personal identification number or corporate registration number  address and daytime telephone number and  where appropriate  information about representative  proxy and assistants. The number of assistants may not be more than two (2). The notification should  where appropriate  be accompanied by proxies  registration certificates and other documents of authority.In order to be entitled to participate in the meeting  a shareholder whose shares are registered in the name of a nominee must  in addition to giving notice of participation in the annual general meeting  register its shares in its own name at Euroclear Sweden AB so that the shareholder is listed in the share register as of the record date of 25 April 2023. Such re-registration may be temporary (so called voting rights registration)  and a request for such voting rights registration shall be made to the nominee  in accordance with the nominee's routines  at such time in advance as decided by the nominee. Voting rights registration that has been made by the nominee no later than the second banking day after 25 April 2023  will be taken into account in the presentation of the share register.Story continuesProxies etc.If a shareholder is to vote through a proxy  a written  dated and signed proxy by the shareholder must be provided at the general meeting. The proxy may not be older than one (1) year  unless longer validity (maximum of five (5) years) is stated in the proxy. If the proxy is issued by a legal entity  the current registration certificate or equivalent authorisation document for the legal entity must also be provided. To facilitate an easier passing  a copy of the proxy and other documents of authority should be enclosed with the registration for the general meeting. Proxy forms will be kept available on the Company's website  www.enzymatica.se  and at the Company's head office and will be sent by post to shareholders who contact the Company and state their address.Proposed agenda1. Opening of the meeting2. Election of chairman of the meeting3. Election of persons to approve the minutes4. Preparation and approval of the voting list5. Approval of the agenda6. Determination as to whether the meeting has been duly convened7. Presentation of the annual report and auditor's report and the consolidated annual report and consolidated auditor's report8. Address by the CEO9. Resolution on:(a) Adoption of the profit and loss statement and balance sheet  as well as the consolidated profit and loss statement and the consolidated balance sheet(b) Distribution of the Company's profit or loss according to the adopted balance sheet(c) Discharge from liability of the members of the board of directors and the CEO10. Determination of the number of members of the board of directors and auditors11. Determination of remuneration to the members of the board of directors and the auditors.12. Election of:(a) Members of the board of directors and deputy directors(b) Chairman of the board of directors(c) Auditors and any deputy auditors13. Resolution regarding authorisation of the board of directors to issue new shares14. Closing of the meetingResolution proposalsItem 2 - Resolution on election of chairman of the meetingThe nomination committee proposes that attorney Henric Stråth  Moll Wendén Law Firm  shall be elected chairman of the meeting.Item 9(b) - Resolution on disposition of the Company's profit or lossThe board of directors has proposed to the 2023 annual general meeting that no dividend is paid and that the funds at the disposal of the general meeting are carried forward.Items 10-12 - Resolution on election of members of the board of directors and auditor and remunerationIn accordance with the principles for the Nomination Committee which were established at the annual general meeting 2019  the nomination committee shall consist of representatives of the four largest shareholders at the end of September each year  together with the chairman of the board. The Nomination Committee  in respect of the annual general meeting 2023  has been comprised of Mats Andersson (Abanico Invest AB as well as private holdings)  Håkan Roos (Roosgruppen AB)  Björn Algkvist (Fibonacci Growth Capital AB)  Guðmundur Pálmason (Fortus hf.) and the chairman of the board  Bengt Baron. Björn Algkvist served as chairman of the Nomination Committee.Proposal pursuant to item 10: The nomination committee proposes that the board of directors shall consist of six (6) ordinary members without deputies until the end of the next annual general meeting. Furthermore  the nomination committee proposes that one registered auditing company is appointed as auditor until the end of the next annual general meeting.Proposal pursuant to 11: The nomination committee proposes that remuneration for the board of directors  excluding remuneration for committee work  shall be paid with a total of SEK 1 625 000 (unchanged) of which SEK 500 000 (unchanged) is remuneration for the chairman of the board of directors and SEK 225 000 (unchanged) to every other member of the board of directors who are not employed by the Company. In addition  the nomination committee proposes that remuneration for work in the audit committee shall be paid with SEK 175 000 (unchanged) to the chairman of the audit committee and SEK 50 000 (unchanged) to every other member of the audit committee. The nomination committee proposes that no remuneration shall be paid for work in the remuneration committee.The nomination committee proposes that remuneration to the auditor shall be paid in accordance with approved invoices.Proposal pursuant to item 12: The nomination committee proposes re-election of Bengt Baron  Guðmundur Pálmason  Mats Andersson  Louise Nicolin  Helene Willberg and Moa Fransson as ordinary members. Furthermore  the nomination committee proposes the re-election of Bengt Baron as chairman of the board.Information on members proposed for election is available on the Company's website  www.enzymatica.seThe nomination committee proposes  in accordance with the audit committee's recommendation  re-election of the registered auditing company Deloitte AB as auditor in the Company for the period until the end of the next annual general meeting. Deloitte AB has notified that  should the annual general meeting approve the proposal  the authorised public accountant Jeanette Roosberg will be the auditor-in-charge.Item 13 - Resolution regarding authorisation of the board of directors to issue new sharesThe board of directors proposes that the meeting authorises the board of directors until the next annual general meeting to  on one or more occasions  resolve to increase the Company's share capital by issue of no more than shares corresponding to ten (10) per cent of the total number of shares in the Company at the time of the meeting's decision of authorisation.However  such issues may not cause the share capital in the Company to exceed the Company's highest allowed share capital according to the articles of association. The board of directors may deviate from the shareholders' preferential rights. The reason for the board of directors' authorisation to deviate from the shareholders' preferential rights is to enable the Company to raise new capital and to take advantage of future opportunities to attract new long-term owners and to finance the Company's growth strategy. The authorisation also includes the right to decide onpayment for the issued shares by set-off  in kind or other conditions as referred in Chapter 13  section 5  item 6 of the Swedish Companies Act (Sw. aktiebolagslagen (2005:551)). At a deviation from the shareholders' preferential rights  the issue rate shall be determined in accordance with market conditions  taking into account any discount on market terms.Majority rulesFor a valid resolution on the proposal pursuant to item 13  the proposal has to be supported by shareholders with at least two-thirds (2/3) of the votes cast as well as the shares represented at the meeting.Available documentsThe complete proposals and other documents that shall be made available prior to the annual general meeting pursuant to the Swedish Companies Act will be made available at the Company and at the Company's website  www.enzymatica.se  at least three weeks prior to the annual general meeting. The documents will also be sent free of charge to shareholders who so request and provide their address to the Company. In other respects  the board of directors' complete proposals for resolutions are stated in the notice.Information at the annual general meetingThe board of directors and CEO shall  if any shareholder so requests and the board of directors believes that it can be done without material harm to the Company  provide information regarding circumstances that may affect the assessment of an item on the agenda and circumstances that can affect the assessment of the Company's or its subsidiaries' financial situation and the Company's relation to other companies within the group.Shareholders who wish to submit a question in advance can do so by mail to Sriwarint Olsson at the address Enzymatica AB  Att: ""AGM 2023""  Ideon Science Park  Scheelevägen 19  SE-223 70 Lund or via email to sriwarint.olsson@enzymatica.com. Submissions should include the name of the shareholder including such shareholder's personal or organisation number. It is also recommended that the submission includes the shareholder's postal address  email address and telephone number.Shares and votes in the CompanyThe total number of shares and votes in the Company amounts as per the date of this notice to 164 256 840. The Company does not hold any own shares.Processing of personal dataFor information on how your personal data is processed  the Company refers to the integrity policy available on Euroclear Sweden AB's website https://www.euroclear.com/dam/ESwithLegal/Privacy-notice-bolagsstammor-engelska.pdf.Lund in March 2023Enzymatica AB (publ)The Board of DirectorsFor more information  please contact:Claus Egstrand  Chief Executive Officer  Enzymatica ABPhone: +44 7780 22 8385 | Email: claus.egstrand@enzymatica.comStefan Olsson  Communication Manager  Enzymatica ABPhone: +46 708 55 11 85 | Email: stefan.olsson@enzymatica.comEnzymatica AB is headquartered in Lund  Sweden  and is listed on Nasdaq First North Growth Market. For more information  please visit www.enzymatica.se. Enzymatica's Certified Adviser is Erik Penser Bank. Tel: +46 8 463 83 00 Email: certifiedadviser@penser.se.The following files are available for download:https://mb.cision.com/Main/18091/3744933/1959256.pdf Press release Notice of AGM Enzymatica 230331 https://mb.cision.com/Public/18091/3744933/9f0467a389f13b10.pdf The Nomination Committee s reasoned statement 2023 Enzymatica https://mb.cision.com/Public/18091/3744933/9e42da58e587f88c.pdf Enzymatica Form of Proxy AGM 2023CisionView original content:https://www.prnewswire.co.uk/news-releases/notice-of-annual-general-meeting-2023-in-enzymatica-ab-publ-301787011.html",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.46,0.32,0.23,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'Enzymatica AB', 'Notice', 'Moll Wendén Law Firm', 'attorney Henric Stråth', 'Elite Hotel Ideon', 'Ideon Science Park', 'second banking day', 'Abanico Invest AB', 'current registration certificate', 'personal identification number', 'daytime telephone number', 'equivalent authorisation document', 'four largest shareholders', 'Euroclear Sweden AB', 'corporate registration number', 'voting rights registration', 'The Nomination Committee', 'annual general meeting', 'consolidated balance sheet', 'Enzymatica AB', 'registration certificates', 'voting list', 'annual report', 'English text', 'unofficial translation', 'Swedish text', 'English translation', 'Scheelevägen', 'share register', 'record date', 'other documents', 'Such re-registration', 'one (1) year', 'longer validity', 'five (5) years', 'legal entity', 'easier passing', 'head office', 'Mats Andersson', 'consolidated profit', 'Sriwarint Olsson', 'loss statement', 'full name', 'new shares', 'deputy auditors', 'Resolution proposals', 'Proxy forms', 'deputy directors', 'LUND', 'March', 'PRNewswire', 'case', 'discrepancies', 'publ', 'reg.', 'Company', '4 May', 'Notification', 'presentation', 'circumstances', '25 April', 'notice', 'intent', '27 April', 'writing', 'email', 'address', 'information', 'representative', 'assistants', 'proxies', 'authority', 'order', 'nominee', 'addition', 'participation', 'request', 'accordance', 'routines', 'advance', 'account', 'Story', 'written', 'signed', 'copy', 'website', 'post', 'agenda', 'Opening', 'Election', 'chairman', 'persons', 'minutes', 'Preparation', 'approval', 'Determination', 'CEO', 'Adoption', 'Distribution', 'Discharge', 'liability', 'members', 'board', 'remuneration', 'Closing', 'Item', 'disposition', 'funds', 'disposal', 'principles', 'September', 'respect', '9.', '12.']",2023-03-31,2023-04-01,finance.yahoo.com
21883,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/oxe-marine-ab-publ-convening-161700554.html,OXE MARINE AB (PUBL) CONVENING NOTICE FOR ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING,"The shareholders in OXE Marine AB (publ) org.nr 556889-7226 (""Bolaget"")  are convened to the Annual General Meeting of shareholders to be held on May 2  2023...","ÄNGELHOLM  Sweden  March 31  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- The shareholders in OXE Marine AB (publ) org.nr 556889-7226 (""Bolaget"")  are convened to the Annual General Meeting of shareholders to be held on May 2  2023 at 14:00 at på Hotell Erikslund  Åstorpsvägen 15  262 96 Ängelholm. Registration to the Annual General Meeting will commence at 13.00.Right to attend and noticeShareholders who want to participate at the annual general meeting must:be recorded as a shareholder in the share register prepared by Euroclear Sweden AB (""Euroclear"") relating to the circumstances on April 21. 2023; andnotify their intention to attend the annual general meeting no later than April 25. 2023.Notification to attend is made by e-mail to the Company's e-mail address agm23@oxemarine.com or by postal service to OXE Marine AB (publ) att. Paul Frick  Metallgatan 6  262 72 Ängelholm. In its notification to attend  the shareholder is requested to provide the shareholder's name  personal or corporate ID number  shareholding  address  daytime telephone number and  where applicable  the number of any assistants (up to two) which the shareholder intends to bring to the AGM.Nominee-registered sharesShareholders whose shares are registered in the name of a nominee must  in addition to notify their intention to attend the annual general meeting  re-register their shares in their own name so that the shareholder is recorded in the share register on April 21. 2023. Such registration may be temporary (so-called voting right registration) and is requested from the nominee in accordance with the nominee's procedures and in such time in advance as the nominee determines. Voting right registrations duly effected by the nominee no later than April 25. 2022 will be regarded in the preparation of the share register.ProxyShareholders who wish to be represented by a proxy must submit a dated proxy form. If the proxy is executed by a legal person  a copy of the certificate of registration or equivalent authorization document must be enclosed. The proxy form may not be valid for a period longer than five years from its issuance. The proxy form in original together with certificate of registration  if applicable  shall be enclosed to the postal voting form. The Company provides a form of proxy at request and it is also available at the Company's website  www.oxemarine.com.Story continuesProposed agendaOpening of the general meeting and election of chairman of the general meeting Preparation and approval of the voting list Election of one or two persons to verify the minutes of the meeting Determination of whether the meeting has been duly convened Approval of the agenda Submission of the annual report and the auditor's report Resolutions regarding Determination of remuneration to the board of directors and the auditor Election of board of directors Election of auditor Resolution on principles for appointment of nomination committee Resolution on authorization for the board of directors to issue new shares  warrants and/or convertibles Close of the general meetingThe Nomination Committee's proposalsAt the annual general meeting 2022  it was resolved to adopt principles for the appointment of a nomination committee for the annual general meeting of 2023.In accordance with the adopted principles  the nomination committee consists of Jonas Wikström (Chairman)  Martin Polo  (chairman)  Per Lindberg  and Christian von Koenigsegg.The proposals of the nomination committee are as follows:Item 1. Election of chairman of the general meetingThe nomination committee proposes Jonas Wikström is elected as chairman of the general meeting.Item 3. Election of one or several persons to verify the minutes of the meetingThe nomination committee proposes that two persons are elected to verify the minutes at the general meeting.Item 8. Determination of remuneration to the board of directors and the auditorThe nomination committee proposes that the remuneration to the board shall be paid as follows:SEK 340 000 to the chairman of the board (SEK 340 000); andSEK 170 000 to each of the other board members (SEK 170 000).If the general meeting resolves in accordance with the nomination committee's proposal under item 9  the total remuneration to the board is assumed to be SEK 510 000 (SEK 1 190 000 - 2022). It is noted that proposed directors Christian Von Koenigsegg and Martin Polo have announced that they will decline their respective renumerations.It is proposed that the remuneration to the auditor is paid according to approved invoice.Item 9. Election of board of directorsAccording to the Company's articles of association  the board of directors shall consist of no less than three and no more than ten ordinary members and no more than five deputy members. The nomination committee proposes that  until the next annual general meeting  the board shall consist of six ordinary members and no deputy members.It is proposed that Jonas Wikström  Martin Polo  Jon Lind and Christian von Koenigsegg are re-elected as a ordinary members of the board.The nomination committee proposes that Jonas Wikström is elected as chairman of the board.Item 10. Election of auditorThe nomination committee proposes re-election of BDO Mälardalen AB as auditor until the close of the next annual general meeting. BDO Mälardalen AB has announced that that certified accountant Carl-Johan Kjellman will serve as responsible auditor.Item 11. Resolution on principles for appointment of nomination committeeThe nomination committee proposes that the Annual General Meeting resolves to approve the following instructions on appointment of a nomination committee for the annual general meeting 2024.- The nomination committee shall be convened by the chairman of the board and shall consist of representatives of the four largest shareholders.- The representative of the largest shareholder shall be the chairman of the nomination committee. If the representative of the largest shareholder declines the assignment as chairman of the nomination committee  the nomination committee shall within itself ap-point a chairman.- The names of the members of the nomination committee as well as the shareholders they represent shall be announced as soon as they have been appointed.- If a shareholder  who is represented in the nomination committee  after the announcement no longer is one of the four largest shareholders  its representative shall resign from its position and such shareholder that by this time is instead one of the four largest shareholders shall be invited to nominate a representative on the Company's nomination committee.- Shareholders who have appointed representatives in the nomination committee are entitled to remove such representatives and appoint new representatives.- If a shareholder  who is entitled to appoint a member of the nomination committee  de-clines to appoint a member  this right shall not be transferred to another shareholder.- The nomination committee shall prepare proposals on the following issues for resolution at the annual general meeting 2024:No remuneration will be paid to the nomination committee. However  the Company shall reimburse reasonable costs to enable the nomination committee to carry out its assignments.The Board of Directors' proposalsItem 7.b. Allocation of the Company's result according to the adopted balance sheetThe Board proposes that no dividend is distributed to the shareholders for the financial year 2022.Item 13. Authorization for the board of directors to issue new shares  warrants and/or convertiblesThe board of directors proposes that the general meeting resolves to authorize the board to  at one or several occasions during the time up until the next annual general meeting  resolve on new issues of shares  warrants and/or convertibles. The board shall have the right to resolve on new issues of shares  warrants and/or convertibles with deviation from the shareholders' pre-emption rights and/or with provisions on payment in kind  by set-off of claims or otherwise on such terms and conditions as referred to in Chapter 2  Section 5  second paragraph  points 1–3 and 5  of the Swedish Companies Act.The total increase of shares that may be issued based on or as a result of this authorization cannot in aggregate exceed 20 percent of the number of outstanding shares in the Company at the time of the annual general meeting. Issues based on the authorization shall be made at market value  including market rate discount  if applicable. The board shall have the right to set the terms and conditions for issues under this authorization as well as to decide who shall have the right to subscribe for the new shares  warrants or convertibles. The reasons for the board to resolve on issues with deviation from the shareholders' pre-emption rights and/or with provisions on payment in kind  by set-off of claims or otherwise on such terms and conditions as referred to in Chapter 2  Section 5  second paragraph  points 1–3 and 5  of the Swedish Companies Act are to be able to carry out directed share issues to raise capital to the Company and/or to strengthen the Company's financial position.The CEO  or a person appointed by the board of directors  shall be entitled to make any minor amendments that may be required in connection with registering the resolution with the Swedish Companies Registration Office and/or Euroclear.A resolution in accordance with this proposal requires approval by at least two thirds (2/3) of the votes cast as well as the shares represented at the annual general meeting.DocumentationThe complete proposals of the board of directors and the nomination committee together with the annual report and the auditor's report  as well as other documents according to the Swedish Companies Act  will be available at the Company's premises with address Metallgatan 6  262 72 Ängelholm and on the Company's website in due time prior to the annual general meeting. The documents will also be sent without charge to shareholders who so request and inform the Company of their postal address. Such documentation will also be available at the Annual General Meeting.Information to shareholdersUpon the request of a shareholder  and where the board of directors believes that so may take place without significant harm to the Company  the board of directors and the CEO shall provide information in respect of any circumstances which may affect the assessment of a matter on the agenda  and any circumstances which may affect the assessment of the Company's financial position.A request for such information shall be sent by e-mail to agm2023@oxemarine.com or by post to OXE Marine AB (publ) att. Paul Frick  Metallgatan 6  262 72 Ängelholm  no later than April 22  2023.The information will be held available at the Company's premises and on the Company's website no later than April 25. 2023  and will also be sent  within the same period of time  to a shareholder who has so requested and in connection therewith provided its postal address.Processing of personal dataFor information on the Company's processing of personal data in connection with the annual general meeting  please refer to https://www.euroclear.com/dam/ESwithLegal/Privacy-notice-bolagsstammor-engelska.pdfHelsingborg in March 2023OXE Marine AB (publ)The board of directorsCONTACT:For further information  please contact:Anders Berg  CEO  OXE Marine AB  anders.berg@oxemarine.com  +46 70 358 91 55Jonas Wikström  Chair of the board  jonas.wikstrom@oxemarine.com  +46 70 753 65 66OXE Marine AB (publ) (NASDAQ STO: OXE  OTCQX: CMMCF) has  after several years of development  constructed the OXE Diesel  the world's first diesel outboard engine in the high-power segment. The Company's unique patented engine-to-propulsion power transmission solutions have led to high demand for the Company's engines worldwideThe following files are available for download:CisionView original content:https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/oxe-marine-ab-publ-convening-notice-for-annual-general-meeting-301787238.htmlSOURCE OXE Marine AB",neutral,0.03,0.97,0.0,mixed,0.55,0.31,0.14,True,English,"['OXE MARINE AB', 'ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING', 'CONVENING NOTICE', 'PUBL', 'next annual general meeting', 'OXE Marine AB', 'på Hotell Erikslund', 'Jonas Wikström', 'Christian von Koenigsegg', 'corporate ID number', 'daytime telephone number', 'ten ordinary members', 'six ordinary members', 'Euroclear Sweden AB', 'equivalent authorization document', 'five deputy members', 'postal voting form', 'other board members', 'The Nomination Committee', 'voting right registration', 'voting list', 'postal service', 'five years', 'annual report', 'Åstorpsvägen', 'share register', 'Paul Frick', 'right registrations', 'legal person', 'two persons', 'Martin Polo', 'Per Lindberg', 'several persons', 'respective renumerations', 'Jon Lind', 'Nominee-registered shares', 'agenda Submission', 'new shares', 'proxy form', 'total remuneration', 'mail address', 'auditor Election', 'ÄNGELHOLM', 'shareholders', 'Bolaget', 'May', 'circumstances', 'April', 'intention', 'Notification', 'Company', 'oxemarine', 'Metallgatan', 'name', 'personal', 'shareholding', 'assistants', 'AGM', 'addition', 'accordance', 'procedures', 'advance', 'preparation', 'copy', 'certificate', 'period', 'issuance', 'original', 'request', 'website', 'Story', 'Opening', 'chairman', 'approval', 'minutes', 'Determination', 'Resolutions', 'directors', 'principles', 'appointment', 'warrants', 'convertibles', 'proposals', 'Item', 'SEK', 'invoice', 'articles', 'association', 'less', 'three', '1']",2023-03-31,2023-04-01,finance.yahoo.com
21884,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/convening-annual-general-meeting-euronext-154500463.html,Convening of the Annual General Meeting of Euronext N.V.,Contacts Media Contact Investor Relations Amsterdam +31 20 721 4133 Brussels +32 2 620 15 50 +33 1 70 48 24 27 Dublin +33 1 70 48 24 45 Lisbon +351 210 600...,"EuronextContacts Media Contact Investor Relations Amsterdam +31 20 721 4133 Brussels +32 2 620 15 50 +33 1 70 48 24 27 Dublin +33 1 70 48 24 45 Lisbon +351 210 600 614 Milan +39 02 72 42 62 12 Oslo +47 41 69 59 10 Paris +33 1 70 48 24 45Convening of the Annual General Meeting of Euronext N.V.Amsterdam  Brussels  Dublin  Lisbon  Milan  Oslo and Paris – 31 March 2023 – Euronext today announced that the Annual General Meeting (“AGM”) will take place on Wednesday 17 May 2023 at 10.30 CEST at Beursplein 5  1012 JW Amsterdam  The Netherlands.The agenda for the meeting is as follows:Opening Presentation of the Chief Executive Officer (discussion item) Annual report 2022 Explanation of the policy on additions to reserves and dividends (discussion item) Proposal to adopt the 2022 remuneration report (voting item 1) Proposal to adopt the 2022 financial statements (voting item 2) Proposal to adopt a dividend of €2.22 per ordinary share (voting item 3) Proposal to discharge the members of the Managing Board in respect of their duties performed during the year 2022 (voting item 4) Proposal to discharge the members of the Supervisory Board in respect of their duties performed during the year 2022 (voting item 5) Composition of the Supervisory Board Re-appointment of Nathalie Rachou as a member of the Supervisory Board (voting item 6) Re-appointment of Morten Thorsrud as a member of the Supervisory Board (voting item 7) Composition of the Managing Board Re-appointment of Stéphane Boujnah as a member of the Managing Board (voting item 8) Re-appointment of Daryl Byrne as a member of the Managing Board (voting item 9) Re-appointment of Chris Topple as a member of the Managing Board (voting item 10) Re-appointment of Isabel Ucha as a member of the Managing Board (voting item 11) Appointment of Manuel Bento as a member of the Managing Board (voting item 12) Appointment of Benoît van den Hove as a member of the Managing Board (voting item 13) Proposal to appoint the external auditor (voting item 14) Proposal to designate the Managing Board as the competent body: to issue ordinary shares (voting item 15); and to restrict or exclude the pre-emptive rights of shareholders (voting item 16) Proposal to authorise the Managing Board to acquire ordinary shares in the share capital of the company on behalf of the company (voting item 17) Any other business CloseStory continuesThe AGM will be conducted in English.Registration date AGMPursuant to Dutch law and Euronext N.V.’s Articles of Association  the persons who will be considered as entitled to attend and vote at the AGM are those persons who are registered as such in the administrations held by their financial intermediaries (the “Shareholders”) on 19 April 2023  after processing of all settlements on that date (the “Registration Date”).Registration and voting instructionsShareholders holding their shares through Euroclear France S.A. (i.e. the public) who wish to attend the AGM  provide instructions or grant a power of attorney to vote on their behalf  must complete the form (voting form / attendance card request) provided for this purpose by their financial intermediary or by Euronext Securities Department – Uptevia. The Shareholders should be aware that these documents must be received  no later than on Thursday 11 May 2023 by their financial intermediary for receipt no later than on Friday 12 May 2023 by Uptevia  Assemblées Générales  9 rue du Débarcadère 93761 Pantin Cedex  France. The financial intermediary should deliver to the Shareholder a certificate of holding containing: name and city of residence of the Shareholder; number of shares; name and city of residence of the attendee (if different from the Shareholder) and declaration that the shares were in custody with the Euroclear France-admitted institution on the Registration Date. This certificate will serve as the admission certificate for the AGM for the Shareholder.Shareholders holding their shares through Interbolsa in Portugal who wish to attend the AGM  provide instructions or grant a power of attorney to vote on their behalf  must complete the form (voting form / attendance card request) provided for this purpose by Euronext Securities Department – Uptevia Corporate Trust. The Shareholders should be aware that these documents must be received  no later than on Thursday 11 May 2023 by their financial intermediary for receipt no later than on Friday 12 May 2023 by BNP Paribas Securities Services  PT Local Team  Edificio ART’S – Av. D. Joao II – Lote 1.18.01  Bloco B  1998-028 Lisboa  Portugal. The financial intermediary should deliver to the Shareholder a certificate of holding containing: name and city of residence of the Shareholder; number of shares on the Registration Date; name and city of residence of the attendee (if different from the Shareholder). This certificate will serve as admission certificate for the AGM for the Shareholder.Persons without a valid admission certificate will not be given access to the meeting. Attendants may be asked for identification prior to being admitted.At the time of the publication of this convening notice  Euronext’s total issued share capital in number of issued shares and in voting rights is published on Euronext’s website:https://www.euronext.com/en/investor-relations/capital-and-shareholdingWebcastThere will be a live broadcast of the AGM viahttps://channel.royalcast.com/landingpage/euronextwebcast/20230517_1/AGM DocumentationThe AGM Documentation (i.e. this convening notice  the agenda and the explanatory notes thereto including the information on the persons to be appointed to the Supervisory Board and the Managing Board  as well as the 2022 Annual Report) is available:at the registered office of Euronext N.V.: Beursplein 5  1012 JW Amsterdam  The Netherlandsby email request to EuronextCorporateSecretary@euronext.comon Euronext’s website https://www.euronext.com/en/investor-relations/shareholder-meetingsat Uptevia - CTS Assemblées Générales – 9 rue du Débarcadère  93761 Pantin Cedex  France - + 33 1 57 43 02 30Managing Board and Supervisory Board of Euronext N.V.Beursplein 5  1012 JW Amsterdam  The NetherlandsRegistered at the Dutch Chamber of Commerce  under number 60234520CONTACTS MEDIA – mediateam@euronext.com Aurélie Cohen (Europe) +33 1 70 48 24 45 parispressoffice@euronext.com Marianne Aalders (Amsterdam) +31 20 721 41 33 maalders@euronext.com Pascal Brabant (Brussels) +32 2 620 15 50 pbrabant@euronext.com Sandra Machado (Lisbon) +351 210 600 614 smachado@euronext.com Andrea Monzani (Europe/Milan/Rome) +39 02 72 42 62 13 italypressoffice@euronext.com Cathrine Lorvik Segerlund (Oslo) +47 41 69 59 10 clsegerlund@euronext.com Sarah Mound (Corporate  Paris) +33 1 70 48 24 45 smound@euronext.com Coralie Patri (Europe – Corporate Services) +33 7 88 34 27 44 cpatri@euronext.comANALYSTS & INVESTORS – ir@euronext.com Aurélie Cohen +33 1 70 48 24 27 ir@euronext.com Clément Kubiak +33 1 70 48 26 33 ir@euronext.comAbout EuronextEuronext is the leading pan-European market infrastructure  connecting European economies to global capital markets  to accelerate innovation and sustainable growth. It operates regulated exchanges in Belgium  France  Ireland  Italy  the Netherlands  Norway and Portugal. With close to 1 930 listed equity issuers and around €6.3 trillion in market capitalisation as of end December 2022  it has an unmatched blue chip franchise and a strong diverse domestic and international client base. Euronext operates regulated and transparent equity and derivatives markets  one of Europe’s leading electronic fixed income trading markets and is the largest centre for debt and funds listings in the world. Its total product offering includes Equities  FX  Exchange Traded Funds  Warrants & Certificates  Bonds  Derivatives  Commodities and Indices. The Group provides a multi-asset clearing house through Euronext Clearing  and custody and settlement services through Euronext Securities central securities depositories in Denmark  Italy  Norway and Portugal. Euronext also leverages its expertise in running markets by providing technology and managed services to third parties. In addition to its main regulated market  it also operates a number of junior markets  simplifying access to listing for SMEs.For the latest news  go to euronext.com or follow us on Twitter (twitter.com/euronext) and LinkedIn (linkedin.com/euronext).DisclaimerThis press release is for information purposes only: it is not a recommendation to engage in investment activities and is provided “as is”  without representation or warranty of any kind. While all reasonable care has been taken to ensure the accuracy of the content  Euronext does not guarantee its accuracy or completeness. Euronext will not be held liable for any loss or damages of any nature ensuing from using  trusting or acting on information provided. No information set out or referred to in this publication may be regarded as creating any right or obligation. The creation of rights and obligations in respect of financial products that are traded on the exchanges operated by Euronext’s subsidiaries shall depend solely on the applicable rules of the market operator. All proprietary rights and interest in or connected with this publication shall vest in Euronext. This press release speaks only as of this date. Euronext refers to Euronext N.V. and its affiliates. Information regarding trademarks and intellectual property rights of Euronext is available at www.euronext.com/terms-use.© 2023  Euronext N.V. - All rights reserved.The Euronext Group processes your personal data in order to provide you with information about Euronext (the ""Purpose""). With regard to the processing of this personal data  Euronext will comply with its obligations under Regulation (EU) 2016/679 of the European Parliament and Council of 27 April 2016 (General Data Protection Regulation  “GDPR”)  and any applicable national laws  rules and regulations implementing the GDPR  as provided in its privacy statement available at: www.euronext.com/privacy-policy. In accordance with the applicable legislation you have rights with regard to the processing of your personal data: for more information on your rights  please refer to: www.euronext.com/data_subjects_rights_request_information. To make a request regarding the processing of your data or to unsubscribe from this press release service  please use our data subject request form at connect2.euronext.com/form/data-subjects-rights-request or email our Data Protection Officer at dpo@euronext.com.Attachment",neutral,0.17,0.83,0.0,mixed,0.2,0.38,0.43,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'Euronext N.V.', 'Contacts Media Contact Investor Relations', 'Benoît van den Hove', '9 rue du Débarcadère', 'Assemblées Générales', 'Av. D. Joao II', 'BNP Paribas Securities Services', 'Euroclear France S.A.', 'Euroclear France-admitted institution', 'Edificio ART’S', 'Euronext N.V.', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'Stéphane Boujnah', 'attendance card request', 'PT Local Team', 'Euronext Securities Department', 'Uptevia Corporate Trust', 'Annual General Meeting', 'valid admission certificate', 'Annual report', 'The Netherlands', 'Opening Presentation', '2022 remuneration report', '2022 financial statements', 'ordinary share', 'Managing Board', 'Supervisory Board', 'Nathalie Rachou', 'Morten Thorsrud', 'Daryl Byrne', 'Chris Topple', 'Isabel Ucha', 'Manuel Bento', 'external auditor', 'competent body', 'pre-emptive rights', 'share capital', 'other business', 'Dutch law', 'financial intermediaries', 'financial intermediary', 'Pantin Cedex', 'Bloco B', 'Wednesday 17 May', 'Thursday 11 May', 'Registration date', '1012 JW Amsterdam', 'voting instructions', 'The Shareholders', 'Friday 12 May', 'voting form', 'The AGM', 'discussion item', 'shares', 'Brussels', 'Dublin', 'Lisbon', 'Milan', 'Oslo', 'Paris', '31 March', 'place', '10.30 CEST', 'Beursplein', 'agenda', 'Explanation', 'policy', 'additions', 'reserves', 'dividends', 'Proposal', 'members', 'respect', 'duties', 'year', 'Composition', 'appointment', 'company', 'behalf', 'Story', 'English', 'Articles', 'Association', 'persons', 'administrations', '19 April', 'processing', 'settlements', 'public', 'power', 'attorney', 'purpose', 'documents', 'receipt', 'holding', 'name', 'city', 'residence', 'number', 'attendee', 'custody', 'Interbolsa', 'Portugal', 'Lote', 'Lisboa', 'access', 'Attendants', 'identification', 'time']",2023-03-31,2023-04-01,finance.yahoo.com
21885,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/notice-digitalist-group-plc-annual-110000068.html,NOTICE OF DIGITALIST GROUP PLC’S ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING,Digitalist Group Plc Notice of Annual general meeting 31.3.2023 at 14.00 NOTICE OF DIGITALIST GROUP PLC’S ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING Notice is given to the...,Digitalist Group OyjDigitalist Group Plc Notice of Annual general meeting 31.3.2023 at 14.00NOTICE OF DIGITALIST GROUP PLC’S ANNUAL GENERAL MEETINGNotice is given to the shareholders of Digitalist Group Plc to the Annual General Meeting to be held on Wednesday 26 April 2023 at 4 p.m. at Siltasaari 10  Siltasaarenkatu 8-10 (entrance from Paasivuorenkatu)  00530 Helsinki. The reception of participants and the distribution of voting tickets will begin at 3:15 p.m.  as will the coffee service preceding the meeting.A. MATTERS ON THE AGENDA OF THE GENERAL MEETINGThe following matters will be considered at the General Meeting:1. Opening of the meeting2. Calling the meeting to order3. Election of person to scrutinize the minutes and to supervise the counting of votes4. Recording the legality of the meeting5. Recording the attendance at the meeting and adoption of the list of votes6. Presentation of the financial statement  the report of the Board of Directors  and the auditor’s report for the year 20227. Adoption of the financial statements8. Resolution on the use of the profit shown on the balance sheet and the payment of dividendsThe Board of Directors proposes that distributable assets be left in the equity and that no dividend for the financial period 2022 be paid to shareholders.9. Resolution on the discharge of the members of the Board of Directors and the Managing Director from liability10. Handling of the Remuneration Report for governing bodiesThe Board of Directors proposes to approve the Remuneration Report for governing bodies. According to the Finnish Limited Liability Companies Act  the resolution on the Remuneration Report is advisory.The Remuneration Report is available on Digitalist Group Plc's website https://investor.digitalistgroup.com/investor/governance/annual-general-meeting.Story continues11. Resolution on the remuneration of the members of the Board of Directors and on the grounds for compensation of travel expensesThe company’s largest shareholder  Turret Oy Ab  whose total share of the company’s shares and votes is approximately 49.33 per cent  proposes that the fees paid to the elected members of the Board of Directors be kept unchanged  and would thus be as follows:Chairman of the Board: EUR 40 000/year and EUR 500/meetingDeputy Chairman of the Board: EUR 30 000/year and EUR 250/meetingOther members of the Board of Directors: EUR 20 000/year and EUR 250/meetingFor the meetings of potential Board committees  EUR 500/meeting to the Chairman and EUR 250/meeting to a memberIt is proposed that travel expenses be reimbursed in accordance with the company’s regulations concerning travel reimbursements.12. Resolution on the number of members of the Board of DirectorsUnder the Articles of Association  the company’s Board of Directors shall have at least 5 and at most 9 members.The company does not have a Nomination Committee. The company’s largest shareholder  Turret Oy Ab  whose total share of the company’s shares and votes is approximately 49.33 per cent  proposes that six ordinary members be elected to the Board of Directors.13. Election of the members of the Board of DirectorsThe company does not have a Nomination Committee. The company’s largest shareholder  Turret Oy Ab  whose total share of the company’s shares and votes is approximately 49.33 per cent  proposes that the current members of the Board  Paul Ehrnrooth  Andreas Rosenlew  Esa Matikainen  Peter Eriksson  Maria Olofsson and Johan Almquist  be re-elected as members of the Board.More detailed personal information and the evaluation of the independence of the proposed members of the Board are available on the company’s website https://digitalist.global in the “Investors” section (Governance/Annual General Meeting).14. Resolution on the remuneration of the auditorThe Board of Directors proposes that remuneration for the auditor be paid against the auditor’s invoice approved by the company.15. Election of the auditorThe Board of Directors proposes that KPMG Oy Ab  who have named Authorized Public Accountant Miika Karkulahti as the principal auditor  be re-elected as auditor.16. Authorisation of the Board of Directors to decide on share issues and on granting special rights entitling to sharesThe Board of Directors proposes that the General Meeting authorise the Board to decide on a paid share issue and on granting option rights and other special rights entitling to shares that are set out in Chapter 10 Section 1 of the Finnish Limited Liability Companies Act or on the combination of some of the aforementioned instruments in one or more tranches on the following terms and conditions:The total number of shares in the company’s possession and the new shares to be issued under the authorisation may not exceed 341 211 370  which corresponds to 50 per cent of all company shares at the time of convening the Annual General Meeting.Within the limits of the aforementioned authorisation  the Board of Directors may decide on all terms and conditions applied to the share issue and to the special rights entitling to shares  such as that the payment of the subscription price may take place not only by cash but also by setting off receivables that the subscriber has from the company.The Board of Directors shall be entitled to decide on crediting the subscription price either to the company’s share capital or  entirely or in part  to the invested unrestricted equity fund.Shares as well as special rights entitling to shares may also be issued in a way that deviates from the pre-emptive rights of shareholders if a weighty financial reason for the company to do this exists as laid out in the Limited Liability Companies Act. In such a case  the authorisation may be used to finance corporate acquisitions or other investments related to the operations of the company as well as to maintain and improve the solvency of the group of companies and to implement an incentive scheme.The authorisation is proposed to be effective until the Annual General Meeting held in 2024  yet no further than until 30 June 2024.The decision concerning the authorisation requires a qualified majority of at least two thirds of the votes cast and shares represented at the meeting.17. Authorising the Board of Directors to decide on the acquisition of own sharesThe Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting authorise the Board to decide on acquiring or accepting as pledge  using the company’s non-restricted equity  a maximum of 68 242 000 own shares  which corresponds to around 10 per cent of the company’s total shares at the time of convening the Annual General Meeting. The repurchase may take place in one or more tranches. The acquisition price shall not exceed the highest market price of the share in public trading at the time of the acquisition.In executing the acquisition of its own shares  the company may enter into derivative  share lending and other contracts customary in the capital market  within the limits set out in laws and regulations. The authorisation also entitles the Board to decide on a directed acquisition  i.e. on acquiring shares in a proportion other than that of the shares held by the shareholders.The company may acquire the shares to execute corporate acquisitions or other business arrangements related to the company’s operations  to improve its capital structure  or to otherwise further transfer the shares or cancel them.The authorisation is proposed to include the right of the Board of Directors to decide on all other matters related to the acquisition of shares. The authorisation is proposed to be effective until the Annual General Meeting held in 2024  yet no further than until 30 June 2024.The decision concerning the authorisation requires a qualified majority of at least two thirds of the votes cast and shares represented at the meeting.18. Amendment of Article 8 of the Articles of AssociationThe Board of Directors proposes that the company’s Annual General meeting resolve to amend “Article 8 Notice of General Meeting” of the Articles of Association so that the meeting place is included in the title and the regulations concerning the meeting place and holding a remote meeting are added to the second paragraph. The amendments would allow the General Meeting to be held not only in the company’s domicile  but also  if the Board so decides  completely without a meeting place. After the amendments  the section of the Articles of Association identified above reads as follows:“8 § Notice of General Meeting and meeting placeThe notice of the General Meeting shall be published on the company's website no earlier than three (3) months and no later than three (3) weeks before the General Meeting  however  always at least nine (9) days before the record date of the General Meeting. In order to be entitled to participate in the General Meeting  a shareholder must register with the company no later than on the date set by the Board of Directors  which can be no earlier than ten (10) days before the meeting.The General Meeting is held at the company's domicile. The Board of Directors may also resolve that the General Meeting is organized without a meeting place  so that the shareholders will use their full decision-making power in real time with the help of a data connection and a technical aid during the meeting.”19. Closing of the meetingB. DOCUMENTS OF THE GENERAL MEETINGThe following documents will be made available to the shareholders on Digitalist Group Plc’s website at https://investor.digitalistgroup.com/investor/governance/annual-general-meeting no later than 21 days prior to the General Meeting: the aforementioned proposals on the agenda for the meeting  the company’s financial statements  the report of the Board of Directors  the auditor’s report  the remuneration report  and this notice. The said documents will also be available at the General Meeting. In addition  copies of the said documents and of this notice will be mailed to the shareholders on request. Otherwise  no separate notice of the meeting will be sent to the shareholders. The minutes of the Annual General Meeting will be available on the above-mentioned website at the latest on 28 April 2023.C. INSTRUCTIONS FOR THE PARTICIPANTS IN THE GENERAL MEETING1. Right to attend and registrationShareholders who are on the record date of the General Meeting  Friday April 14  2023  registered in the company’s shareholders’ register  maintained by Euroclear Finland Oy  are entitled to attend the meeting. Shareholders whose shares are registered on their personal Finnish book-entry accounts are registered in the shareholders’ register of the company.Shareholders who wish to attend the General Meeting must give advance notice of their attendance  and the company must receive such notice no later than by 4:00 p.m. on Tuesday  April 18  2023. Advance notice of attendance may be given:by using the form in the “Investors” section of the company’s website at https://digitalist.global ; via email to yhtiokokous@digitalistgroup.com ; by mail to Digitalist Group Plc/General Meeting  Siltasaarenkatu 18-20  00530 Helsinki  Finland; or by telephone between 9:00 a.m. and 4:00 p.m. to Aila Mettälä  tel. +358 40 531 0678When giving an advance notice of the attendance  please state the shareholder’s name  date of birth/business ID  address  telephone number and the name and date of birth of any assistant or proxy representative. Personal data provided to the company by its shareholders is used only in connection with the General Meeting and with processing the necessary registrations related to the meeting.2. Proxy representative and proxy documentsA shareholder may participate in a General Meeting and exercise their rights at the meeting by way of proxy representation. The shareholder’s proxy representative must produce a dated proxy document or otherwise in a reliable manner demonstrate their right to represent the shareholder at the General Meeting. When a shareholder participates in the General Meeting through several proxy representatives representing the shareholder with shares at different securities accounts  the shares by which each proxy representative represents the shareholder shall be identified in connection with the registration for the General Meeting. Possible proxy documents shall be delivered to the company as email attachments (e.g. pdf) or by mail to the above-mentioned registration address before the last date for registration.3. Holders of nominee-registered sharesA holder of nominee-registered shares has the right to participate in the General Meeting by virtue of such shares based on which they  on the record date of the General Meeting  i.e. on Friday April 14 2023  would be entitled to be registered in the shareholders’ register of the company maintained by Euroclear Finland Ltd. Holders of nominee-registered shares are advised to request without delay the necessary instructions regarding the registration in the temporary shareholders’ register of the company  the issuing of proxy documents and registration for the General Meeting from their custodian bank. The account management organisation of the custodian bank shall register a holder of nominee-registered shares who wishes to participate in the Annual General Meeting into the temporary shareholders’ register of the company at the latest at 10 a.m. on Friday 21 April 2023.4. Other instructions and informationThe language of the meeting is Finnish.Pursuant to Chapter 5 Section 25 of the Limited Liability Companies Act  shareholders who are present at the General Meeting are entitled to request information on matters discussed at the meeting.On the date of this notice of the General Meeting  31 March 2023  the total number of shares in Digitalist Group Plc  and votes represented by such shares  is 682.422.746.Helsinki  31.3.2023DIGITALIST GROUP PLCBoard of DirectorsFor further information  please contact:Magnus Leijonborg  CEO  tel. +46 76 315 8422 magnus.leijonborg@digitalistgroup.comEsa Matikainen  Chairman of the Board  tel. +358 40 506 0080  esa.matikainen@digitalistgroup.comDistribution:Nasdaq Helsinki LtdMain mediahttps://digitalist.globalAttachment,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,positive,0.61,0.3,0.09,True,English,"['DIGITALIST GROUP PLC', 'ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING', 'NOTICE', 'Authorized Public Accountant Miika Karkulahti', 'Finnish Limited Liability Companies Act', 'other special rights entitling', 'Digitalist Group Oyj', 'Digitalist Group Plc', 'Turret Oy Ab', 'detailed personal information', 'KPMG Oy Ab', 'Annual general meeting', 'six ordinary members', 'potential Board committees', 'The Remuneration Report', 'option rights', 'Other members', 'Wednesday 26 April', 'voting tickets', 'coffee service', 'A. MATTERS', 'following matters', 'financial statement', 'balance sheet', 'distributable assets', 'financial period', 'Managing Director', 'governing bodies', 'travel expenses', 'largest shareholder', 'total share', '49.33 per cent', 'travel reimbursements', 'Nomination Committee', 'Paul Ehrnrooth', 'Andreas Rosenlew', 'Esa Matikainen', 'Peter Eriksson', 'Maria Olofsson', 'Johan Almquist', 'Investors” section', 'share issues', 'Chapter 10 Section', 'following terms', '50 per cent', 'total number', 'most 9 members', 'current members', 'Deputy Chairman', 'new shares', 'principal auditor', 'The Board', 'company shares', 'Notice', 'shareholders', 'Siltasaari', 'Siltasaarenkatu', 'Paasivuorenkatu', '00530 Helsinki', 'reception', 'participants', 'distribution', 'AGENDA', 'Opening', 'Election', 'minutes', 'counting', 'votes', 'legality', 'attendance', 'adoption', 'Presentation', 'Directors', 'year', 'Resolution', 'use', 'profit', 'payment', 'dividends', 'equity', 'discharge', 'Handling', 'website', 'digitalistgroup', 'governance', 'annual-general-meeting', 'Story', 'grounds', 'compensation', 'fees', 'EUR', 'meetings', 'accordance', 'regulations', 'Articles', 'Association', 'More', 'evaluation', 'independence', 'invoice', 'Authorisation', 'combination', 'instruments', 'one', 'tranches', 'conditions', 'possession', 'time', 'limits', '3:15']",2023-03-31,2023-04-01,finance.yahoo.com
21886,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/EOLUS-VIND-AB-PUBL-22467888/news/Eolus-Vind-Notice-and-and-form-for-advance-voting-2023-43388765/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230331,Eolus Vind : Notice and and form for advance voting 2023,(marketscreener.com)   NOTIFICATION OF ATTENDANCE AND FORM FOR POSTAL VOTING   in accordance with § 13 in Eolus' Articles of Association.   To be received by Euroclear Sweden AB no later than May 8  2023.   The shareholder below is hereby notifying…,"NOTIFICATION OF ATTENDANCE AND FORM FOR POSTAL VOTINGin accordance with § 13 in Eolus' Articles of Association.To be received by Euroclear Sweden AB no later than May 8  2023.The shareholder below is hereby notifying the company of its participation and exercising the voting right for all of the shareholder's shares in Eolus Vind AB (publ)  Reg. No. 556389-3956  at the Annual General Meeting on May 12  2023. The voting right is exercised in accordance with the below marked voting options.Shareholder Personal identity number/registration numberAssurance (if the undersigned is a legal representative of a shareholder who is a legal entity): I  the undersigned  am a board member  the CEO or a signatory of the shareholder and solemnly declare that I am authorized to submit this postal vote on behalf of the shareholder and that the contents of the postal vote correspond to the shareholder's decisions.Assurance (if the undersigned represents the shareholder by proxy): I  the undersigned  solemnly declare that the enclosed power of attorney corresponds to the original and that it has not been revoked.LEGAL#23315093 5Place and date Signature Clarification of signature Telephone number E-mailEOLUS VIND AB | BOX 95 | 281 21 HÄSSLEHOLMTEL: 010-199 88 00 | INFO@EOLUSVIND.COM | EOLUSVIND.COM | ORG.NR: 556389-39561 (5)Instructions:̵ Complete the information above.̵ Select the preferred voting options below.̵ Print  sign and send the form to Eolus Vind AB ""Annual General Meeting""  c/o Euroclear Sweden AB  P.O. Box 191  SE-101 23 Stockholm  Sweden. A completed and signed form may also be submitted electronically and shall  in that case  be sent to GeneralMeetingService@euroclear.com.Shareholders may also cast their votes electronically through verification with BankID via Euroclear Sweden AB's website https://anmalan.vpc.se/euroclearproxy.̵ If the shareholder is a natural person who is personally postal voting  it is the shareholder who should sign under Signature above. If the postal vote is submitted by a proxy of the shareholder  it is the proxy who should sign. If the postal vote is submitted by a legal representative of a legal entity  it is the representative who should sign.̵ If the shareholder submits postal vote by proxy  a power of attorney must be attached to the postal voting form. Proxy form is available on the company's website www.eolusvind.com.A power of attorney is valid one year from its issue date or such longer time period as set out in the power of attorney  however not more than five years. If the shareholder is a legal person  a registration certificate or other authorization document must be attached to the form  listing the authorized signatories.Please note that a shareholder whose shares have been registered in the name of a bank or securities institute must re-register its shares in its own name to vote. Instructions for this is included in the notice convening the meeting.A shareholder cannot give any other instructions than selecting one of the options specified at each point in the form. If a shareholder wishes to abstain from voting in relation to a matter  kindly refrain from selecting an option. A vote (i.e. the postal vote in its entirety) is invalid if the shareholder has provided the form with specific instructions or conditions or if pre-printed text is amended or supplemented.The form  together with any enclosed authorization documentation  shall be received by Euroclear Sweden no later than May 8  2023. A postal vote can be withdrawn up to and including May 8  2023 by contacting Euroclear Sweden AB by e-mailGeneralMeetingService@euroclear.com.Shareholders who have cast their votes electronically can also withdraw the postal vote electronically through verification with BankID via Euroclear Sweden AB's website https://anmalan.vpc.se/euroclearproxy/.One form per shareholder will be considered. If more than one form is submitted  the form with the latest date will be considered. The form latest received by the company will be considered if two forms are dated at the same date. An incomplete or wrongfully completed form may be discarded without being considered. A shareholder who has voted by post also has the possibility to participate in the meeting room  provided that notification to attend the meeting room has been made in accordance with the instructions in the notice. If a shareholder has voted by post  and thereafter participates at the Annual General Meeting in person or by proxy  the postal vote is still valid unless the shareholder participates in a vote during the meeting. If the shareholder during the meeting chooses to participate in a vote  the vote cast will replace the previously submitted postal vote in the relevant decision point(s).Please note that the postal vote does not constitute a notification to attend the meeting room in person or through a representative. Instructions for shareholders who wish to attend the meeting room in person or through a representative can be found in the notice convening the meeting.For proposals for the items on the agenda  kindly refer to the notice convening the meeting and the company's website www.eolusvind.com.For information on how your personal data is processed  see the integrity policy that is available at Euroclear Sweden AB's website www.euroclear.com/dam/ESwithLegal/Privacy-notice-bolagsstammor-engelska.pdf.Annual General Meeting in Eolus Vind AB (publ) on May 12  2023The options below comprise the proposals submitted by the board of directors which are included in the notice convening the Annual General Meeting.2. Election of chairman of the meetingYes ☐No ☐4. Preparation and approval of the voting listYes ☐No ☐5. Approval of agendaYes ☐No ☐6. Determination of compliance with the rules of convocationYes ☐No ☐8a. Resolution regarding adoption of the statement of income and balance sheet and of the consolidated statement of income and the consolidated balance sheetYes ☐No ☐8b. Resolution regarding appropriation of the company's profit according to the adopted balance sheetYes ☐No ☐8c. Resolution regarding discharge of the Board of Directors and the CEO from liability for the financial year 20228c.1 Sigrun Hjelmquist (Board member)Yes ☐No ☐8c.2 Hans Johansson (Board member)Yes ☐No ☐8c.3 Jan Johansson (Board member)Yes ☐No ☐8c.4 Hans Linnarson (Board member)Yes ☐No ☐8c.5 Bodil Rosvall Jönsson (Board member)Yes ☐No ☐8c.6 Hans-Göran Stennert (Chairman of the Board)Yes ☐8c.7 Per Witalisson (CEO)Yes ☐No ☐No ☐8c.8 Marcus Landelin (former deputy CEO  for the period from and including January 1  2022  until and including April 26  2022)Yes ☐No ☐9. Determination of the number of Board members  deputy Board members  auditors and deputy auditorsYes ☐No ☐10. Determination of fees to Board members and auditorYes ☐No ☐11. Election of Board members and Chairman of the Board11.a Carina HåkanssonYes ☐ No ☐ 11.b Marie Grönborg Yes ☐ No ☐ 11.c Hans Johansson Yes ☐ No ☐ 11.d Jan Johansson Yes ☐ No ☐ 11.e Hans Linnarson Yes ☐ No ☐ 11.f Bodil Rosvall Jönsson Yes ☐ No ☐11.g Hans-Göran StennertYes ☐No ☐11.h Hans-Göran Stennert  as Chairman of the BoardYes ☐12. Election of auditorYes ☐No ☐No ☐13. Resolution on approval of remuneration reportYes ☐No ☐14. Resolution on the implementation of a long-term share savings programYes ☐No ☐",neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,negative,0.0,0.0,1.0,True,English,"['Eolus Vind', 'advance voting', 'Notice', 'form', 'P.O. Box', 'longer time period', 'Eolus Vind AB', 'Personal identity number', 'Euroclear Sweden AB', 'other authorization document', 'relevant decision point', 'Annual General Meeting', 'signature Telephone number', 'preferred voting options', 'postal voting form', ""Eolus' Articles"", 'registration number', 'authorization documentation', 'voting right', 'board member', 'Signature Clarification', 'HÄSSLEHOLM', 'five years', 'registration certificate', 'authorized signatories', 'securities institute', 'two forms', 'meeting room', 'postal vote', 'legal entity', 'other instructions', 'vote cast', 'issue date', 'latest date', 'same date', 'natural person', 'One form', 'specific instructions', 'legal representative', 'legal person', 'Proxy form', 'NOTIFICATION', 'ATTENDANCE', 'accordance', 'Association', 'May', 'shareholder', 'company', 'participation', 'shares', 'publ', 'Reg.', 'Assurance', 'CEO', 'signatory', 'behalf', 'contents', 'decisions', 'undersigned', 'power', 'attorney', 'original', 'Place', 'mail', 'EOLUSVIND', 'ORG.', 'information', 'Stockholm', 'completed', 'case', 'GeneralMeetingService', 'votes', 'verification', 'BankID', 'website', 'vpc', 'name', 'notice', 'relation', 'matter', 'entirety', 'conditions', 'text', 'euroclearproxy', 'incomplete', 'possibility', 'proposals', 'items']",2023-03-31,2023-04-01,marketscreener.com
21887,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/SCANDI-STANDARD-AB-PUBL-21002331/news/Scandi-Standard-Proxy-form-2023-43390604/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230331,Scandi Standard : Proxy form 2023,(marketscreener.com)    PROXY FORM   The below proxy  or anyone he or she puts in his or her place  is hereby granted the right to vote for all of the undersigned's shares in Scandi Standard AB   556921-0627  at the annual general meeting in Scandi Stan…,"The below proxy  or anyone he or she puts in his or her place  is hereby granted the right to vote for all of the undersigned's shares in Scandi Standard AB (publ)  556921-0627  at the annual general meeting in Scandi Standard AB (publ) on Thursday 4 May 2023.SignatureClarification of signatureInstructionsIf this proxy form is issued by a legal entity  the proxy form must be signed by an authorised representative and be accompanied by a current registration certificate or other equivalent documents attesting to the authority of the signatory.This proxy form and  where applicable  a certificate of registration or equivalent authorisation documents must be submitted to the company at Scandi Standard AB (publ)  Att. ""Annual general meeting""  c/o Euroclear Sweden AB  P.O. Box 191  SE-101 23 Stockholm  Sweden  in such time that the company receives the proxy form and  where applicable  relevant authorisation documents no later than Thursday 27 April 2023.Please note that a notice of attendance at the general meeting must be given even if a shareholder wishes to exercise its voting rights at the general meeting through a proxy. A submitted proxy form does not constitute a notice of attendance.Handling of personal dataFor information about the processing of personal data in connection with the annual general meeting  see the privacy notice on Euroclear Sweden AB's website  https://www.euroclear.com/dam/ESwithLegal/Privacy-notice-bolagsstammor-engelska.pdf.",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.89,0.11,0.0,True,English,"['Scandi Standard', 'Proxy form', 'Scandi Standard AB', 'other equivalent documents', 'equivalent authorisation documents', 'P.O. Box', 'relevant authorisation documents', 'annual general meeting', 'current registration certificate', 'Euroclear Sweden AB', 'Thursday 4 May', 'authorised representative', 'Thursday 27 April', 'voting rights', 'personal data', 'proxy form', 'legal entity', 'privacy notice', 'place', 'undersigned', 'shares', 'publ', 'Signature', 'Clarification', 'Instructions', 'authority', 'signatory', 'company', 'Att', 'Stockholm', 'time', 'shareholder', 'Handling', 'information', 'processing', 'connection', 'website', 'ESw', 'Privacy-notice-bolagsstammor', 'engelska']",2023-03-31,2023-04-01,marketscreener.com
21888,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/decisions-innofactor-plc-annual-general-082000461.html,Decisions of Innofactor Plc’s Annual General Meeting and the organizing meeting of the Board of Directors,Innofactor Plc Stock Exchange Release March 31  2023  at 11.20 Finnish time Adopting the accounts and the group's financial statement and granting the...,Innofactor PlcInnofactor Plc Stock Exchange Release March 31  2023  at 11.20 Finnish timeAdopting the accounts and the group's financial statement and granting the members of the Board of Directors and the Chief Executive Officer discharge from liabilityThe Annual General Meeting (AGM) of Innofactor Plc held on March 31  2023  resolved to adopt the accounts and the group's financial statement for the financial period that ended on December 31  2022  and granted the members of the Board of Directors and the Chief Executive Officer discharge from liability for the financial period that ended on December 31  2022.Deciding on the use of the profit shown on the balance sheet and the payment of dividendThe AGM decided  in accordance with the proposal of the Board of Directors  that no dividend will be paid for the financial period of 2022.The AGM decided on a repayment of capital of EUR 0 06 per share to be paid. The repayment of capital shall be paid to shareholders who on the record date of the capital repayment on April 5  2023 are recorded in the company’s shareholders’ register held by Euroclear Finland Oy. Repayment of capital is paid on April 14  2023.The Annual General Meeting also authorized the Board of Directors to decide  at its discretion  on the potential distribution of assets to shareholders  should the company's financial status permit this  as repayment of capital from the invested unrestricted equity fund. The maximum distribution of assets performed on the basis of this authorization totals EUR 2 459 293. The authorization includes the right of the Board of Directors to decide on all other terms and conditions relating to said asset distribution. The authorization remains valid until the start of the next Annual General Meeting.Remuneration reportThe AGM decided to approve the remuneration report for the governing bodies presented by the Board of Directors.Board of Directors' remunerationThe AGM decided that the Chairman of the Board of Directors shall be paid a fee totaling EUR 60 000 per year and the other members of the Board of Directors shall be paid a fee totaling EUR 30 000 per year. No separate fees for meetings shall be paid. Half of the fee (50%) shall be paid monthly in cash and the other half (50%) as shares of Innofactor Plc. The shares shall primarily be handed over to the members of the Board of Directors during April from shares in the company’s possession or  secondarily the shares shall be acquired from public trading directly on behalf of the members within two weeks of publishing the interim report of Innofactor Plc for January 1–March 31  2023. In case shares will not be acquired due to a reason arising from the company or the Board member  the entire fee will be paid in cash. Innofactor Plc requires the members of the Board of Directors to keep the shares  which they have received as part of the fees  for the duration of their membership in the Board of Directors.Story continuesComposition of the Board of DirectorsThe AGM decided that the Board of Directors shall have four members. Mr. Sami Ensio  Ms. Anna Lindén and Mr. Risto Linturi and Mr. Heikki Nikku were re-elected as members to the Board of Directors.At the organizing meeting held after the AGM  Anna Lindén was elected as Chairman of the Board.The Board elected Anna Lindén as the chairman of the remuneration committee and Risto Linturi and Heikki Nikku as its members.Election and remuneration of the auditorErnst & Young Oy  Authorized Public Accounting Firm  was elected as the auditor for the company. Ernst & Young Oy has stated that it will appoint Mr. Juha Hilmola  Authorized Public Accountant  as the auditor with principal responsibility. It was decided that the auditing fee shall be paid according to reasonable invoice.Authorizing of the Board of Directors to decide on the acquisition of own sharesThe AGM accepted the Board of Directors’ proposal to grant the Board authorization to decide on acquisition of own shares with following presumptions:The Annual General Meeting authorizes the Board of Directors to decide on acquisition of a maximum of 3 600 000 shares in one or several parts with the company’s own capital. The Board of Directors proposes that the authorization entitles the Board to deviate from the shareholders' proportional shareholdings (directed acquisition). Own shares can be acquired at a price formed in public trading on the date of the acquisition or at a price otherwise formed on the market.The shares may be used to carry out acquisitions or other arrangements pertaining to the company’s business operations  to develop the capital structure of the company  as part of the incentive plans  or to be otherwise invalidated or conveyed. In connection with the share repurchase ordinary derivative  stock lending  and other agreements may be made in the market in accordance with the laws and regulations.The authorization includes the right for the Board of Directors to decide on all other matters related to the acquisition of shares. The authorization is valid until June 30  2024.This authorization replaces all earlier authorizations of the Board of Directors pertaining to the acquisition of own shares.Authorization to decide on share issue as well as to grant option rights and other special rights entitling to sharesThe General Meeting accepted the Board of Directors’ proposal to grant the Board authorization to decide on share issue as well as to grant option rights and other special rights entitling to shares with the following presumptions:The General Meeting accepted the Board of Directors’ proposal to authorize the Board to decide on issuance of a maximum of 3 600 000 shares and granting of a maximum of 3 600 000 of the company’s own shares in one or several parts.The shares could be issued either against a payment or without payment on the basis of conditions set by the Board of Directors and  for the part of an issue against payment  at the price defined by the Board of Directors.The authorization also gives the Board of Directors the right to grant option rights and special rights—as defined in Chapter 10  Section 1 of the Finnish Companies Act—which entitle  against payment  to new shares or company shares in the company's possession. A right may also be given to a creditor in such manner that the right includes a condition that the creditor's receivable is used to set off the subscription price (convertible loan). The subscription price of the new shares and the amount paid for the company's own shares will be added to the fund for invested unrestricted equity.The authorization entitles the Board to deviate from the from the pre-emptive subscription rights of the existing shareholders  provided that the company has an important financial reason to do so  as regards the issue against payment  and that there is an especially important reason for the company and the good of the shareholders to do so  as regards the free issue. Within the limits set above  the authorization could be used  for example  to develop the capital structure  to widen the ownership base  in making a payment for an acquisition  when the company buys property related to its business operations  or incentive or reward program for employees and management at Innofactor group. New issue or transfer of own shares could also be used as a contribution in kind or when using the set-off right.In addition  the authorization includes also the right to decide on a free share issue to the company itself in such a manner that  after the issue  the number of shares in the company's possession is at the maximum one tenth (1/10) of the total number of shares in the company. This number includes the shares in the possession of the company or its subsidiaries as defined in the Chapter 15  Section 11  subsection 1 of the Companies Act.The Board of Directors will decide on all other matters related to the authorization. The authorization would be valid until June 30  2024.This authorization shall replace all earlier authorizations of the Board of Directors related to issuance of shares and granting of the company’s own shares.Other14 126 723 of the company's shares and votes were present at the AGM. The decisions of the meeting were made unanimously according to the proposals of the Board of Directors.The minutes of the Annual General Meeting will be available on Innofactor Plc's web site at https://www.innofactor.com/invest-in-us/general-meeting/ as of April 14  2023  at the latest.Espoo  March 31  2023INNOFACTOR PLCBoard of DirectorsAdditional information:Sami Ensio  CEOInnofactor PlcTel. +358 50 584 2029sami.ensio@innofactor.comDistribution:NASDAQ HelsinkiMain mediawww.innofactor.comInnofactorInnofactor is the leading driver of the modern digital organization in the Nordic Countries for its over 1 000 customers in commercial  public and third sector. Innofactor has the widest solution offering and leading know-how in the Microsoft ecosystem in the Nordics. Innofactor has over 500 enthusiastic and motivated top specialists in Finland  Sweden  Denmark and Norway. The Innofactor Plc share is listed in the technology section of the main list of NASDAQ Helsinki Oy. www.innofactor.com #ModernDigitalOrganization #HybridWork #PeopleFirst #CreatingSmiles,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.32,0.68,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'organizing meeting', 'Innofactor Plc', 'Decisions', 'Board', 'Directors', 'Innofactor Plc Stock Exchange Release', 'next Annual General Meeting', 'Authorized Public Accounting Firm', 'The Annual General Meeting', 'Ms. Anna Lindén', 'Authorized Public Accountant', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'unrestricted equity fund', 'Mr. Sami Ensio', 'Mr. Juha Hilmola', 'Euroclear Finland Oy', 'Mr. Risto Linturi', 'Mr. Heikki Nikku', ""shareholders' proportional shareholdings"", 'organizing meeting', 'stock lending', 'public trading', 'The AGM', 'Young Oy', '11.20 Finnish time', 'financial statement', 'financial period', 'balance sheet', 'potential distribution', 'financial status', 'other terms', 'asset distribution', 'governing bodies', 'two weeks', 'interim report', 'principal responsibility', 'reasonable invoice', 'several parts', 'other arrangements', 'business operations', 'incentive plans', 'other agreements', 'other matters', 'Remuneration report', 'remuneration committee', 'shareholders’ register', 'The Board', 'record date', 'maximum distribution', 'separate fees', 'other half', 'entire fee', 'auditing fee', 'capital structure', 'other members', 'four members', 'Board member', 'Own shares', ""Directors' remuneration"", 'Directors’ proposal', 'capital repayment', 'Board authorization', '3,600,000 shares', 'accounts', 'group', 'liability', 'March', 'December', 'use', 'profit', 'accordance', 'April', 'company', 'discretion', 'assets', 'basis', 'right', 'conditions', 'start', 'Chairman', 'year', 'meetings', 'cash', 'possession', 'behalf', 'January', 'case', 'duration', 'membership', 'Story', 'Composition', 'Election', 'auditor', 'Ernst', 'acquisition', 'presumptions', 'one', 'directed', 'price', 'market', 'connection', 'laws', 'regulations', 'June']",2023-03-31,2023-04-01,finance.yahoo.com
21889,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/03/31/2638795/0/en/CONDITIONS-FOR-RIKSBANK-AUCTION-OF-SEK-GOVERNMENT-BONDS.html,CONDITIONS FOR RIKSBANK AUCTION OF SEK GOVERNMENT BONDS,Bid procedure  2023-04-04BondsSWEDISH GOVERNMENT: 1056  SE0004517290. 2032-06-01SWEDISH GOVERNMENT: 1053  SE0002829192  2039-03-30 Bid...,Bid procedure  2023-04-04 Bonds SWEDISH GOVERNMENT: 1056  SE0004517290. 2032-06-01SWEDISH GOVERNMENT: 1053  SE0002829192  2039-03-30Bid date 2023-04-04 Bid times 10.00-11.00 (CET/CEST) on the Bid date Offered volume (corresponding nominal amount) 1056: 750 million SEK +/-375 million SEK1053: 750 million SEK +/-375 million SEKHighest permitted bid volume (corresponding nominal amount) 1056: 750 million SEK per bid1053: 750 million SEK per bidLowest permitted bid volume (corresponding nominal amount) SEK 10 million per bid Expected allocation time Not later than 11.15 (CET/CEST) on the Bid date Delivery and payment date 2023-04-06 Settlement amount To be paid to the Riksbank's account in Euroclear Sweden AB's securities settlement systemSWIFT: VPCSSESSXXXAccount: 1 4948 6383CTM BIC: RIKSSESSALERT acronym: RIKSBANKStockholm  2023-03-31This is a translation of the special terms and conditions published on www.riksbank.se. In the case of any inconsistency between the English translation and the Swedish language version  the Swedish language version shall prevail. Complete terms and conditions can be retrieved at www.riksbank.se.,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,positive,0.77,0.19,0.04,True,English,"['SEK GOVERNMENT BONDS', 'RIKSBANK AUCTION', 'CONDITIONS', 'securities settlement system SWIFT', 'Highest permitted bid volume', 'Lowest permitted bid volume', 'Euroclear Sweden AB', 'corresponding nominal amount', 'Swedish language version', 'Bid date Delivery', 'Settlement amount', 'SWEDISH GOVERNMENT', 'payment date', 'Bid procedure', 'Bid times', '750 million SEK', '75 million SEK', 'allocation time', 'CTM BIC', 'ALERT acronym', 'special terms', 'Complete terms', 'VPCSSESSXXX Account', 'English translation', 'Bonds', 'Riksbank', 'RIKSSESS', 'Stockholm', 'conditions', 'case', 'inconsistency']",2023-03-31,2023-04-01,globenewswire.com
21890,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/EOLUS-VIND-AB-PUBL-22467888/news/Eolus-Vind-Proxy-for-AGM-2023-43388763/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230331,Eolus Vind : Proxy for AGM 2023,(marketscreener.com)   PROXY   For …………………………………………………………………   ...https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/EOLUS-VIND-AB-PUBL-22467888/news/Eolus-Vind-Proxy-for-AGM-2023-43388763/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230331,"PROXYFor ……………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………(Proxy holder's name and personal identity number or equivalent)………………………………………………………………… ………………………………………………………………… …………………………………………………………………(Proxy holder's address  postal address  city and telephone number)to represent  at the annual general meeting in Eolus Vind AB (publ) on May 12  2023  all the shares in the company held by the below shareholder.…………………………………………………………………(City and date)…………………………………………………………………(Shareholder's signature. For companies  provide name)…………………………………………………………………(Shareholder's full name in printed form. For companies  specify authorized signatory)……………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………(Shareholder's personal identity number  registration number or equivalent and shareholder's address)…………………………………………………………………(Shareholder's telephone number)…………………………………………………………………(Number of shares in the company held by the shareholder)LEGAL#23315972 3A copy of this proxy together with any authorization documents (e.g. certificate of registration) should be received by the company at the address Eolus Vind AB ""Annual General Meeting""  c/o Euroclear Sweden AB  P.O. Box 191  SE-101 23 Stockholm  Sweden no later than 4 p.m. CEST on May 8  2023. When exercising the possibility of postal voting  the proxy together with any authorization documents (e.g. certificate of registration) must be attached to the postal vote.EOLUS VIND AB | BOX 95 | 281 21 HÄSSLEHOLMTEL: 010-199 88 00 | INFO@EOLUSVIND.COM | EOLUSVIND.COM | ORG.NR: 556389-39561 (1)",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.5,0.49,0.01,True,English,"['Eolus Vind', 'Proxy', 'AGM', 'annual general meeting', 'Eolus Vind AB', 'P.O. Box', 'personal identity number', 'Euroclear Sweden AB', 'telephone number', 'printed form', 'authorized signatory', 'authorization documents', 'postal voting', 'postal vote', 'HÄSSLEHOLM', 'registration number', 'Proxy holder', 'full name', 'postal address', 'equivalent', 'city', 'May', 'shares', 'company', 'shareholder', 'date', 'signature', 'companies', 'copy', 'certificate', 'Stockholm', 'CEST', 'possibility', 'EOLUSVIND', 'ORG.', '4']",2023-03-31,2023-04-01,marketscreener.com
21891,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/EOLUS-VIND-AB-PUBL-22467888/news/Notice-of-Annual-General-Meeting-in-Eolus-Vind-AB-publ-43388667/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230331,Notice of Annual General Meeting in Eolus Vind AB (publ),(marketscreener.com)  Hässleholm 31 March 2023 The shareholders of Eolus Vind AB Reg. No. 556389-3956 are hereby invited to attend the Annual General Meeting to be held on May 12  2023 at 2:00 p.m. CEST in Kulturhuset in Hässleholm  Vattugatan 18. Registrati…,"Hässleholm 31 March 2023The shareholders of Eolus Vind AB (publ) Reg. No. 556389-3956 are hereby invited to attend the Annual General Meeting (“AGM”) to be held on May 12  2023 at 2:00 p.m. CEST in Kulturhuset in Hässleholm  Vattugatan 18. Registration for the AGM begins at 1:30 p.m. CEST.The Board of Directors has decided that shareholders shall be able to exercise their voting rights at the AGM also by postal voting in accordance with the regulations in Eolus’ Articles of Association.Right to participateParticipation in the meeting roomA) Anyone wishing to attend the meeting room in person or through a representative must be recorded as a shareholder in the share register maintained by Euroclear Sweden AB  made as of May 4  2023  and no later than May 8  2023 preferably before 4 p.m. CEST  notify the company of their intention to participate in the AGM.Registration to attend the AGM should primarily be made via the company’s website www.eolusvind.com/en/investors/corporate-governance/general-meeting/. Registration to attend can also be made in writing under the address Eolus Vind AB ”Annual General Meeting”  c/o Euroclear Sweden AB  P.O. Box 191  SE-101 23 Stockholm  Sweden or by phone  08-402 90 41. When registering  the shareholder must state name  social security- or company registration number  address  telephone number and the number of possible assistants (maximum two).If shareholders are represented by a proxy  a written and dated power of attorney signed by the shareholder must be issued to the proxy. Proxy form is available on the company’s website www.eolusvind.com/en/. A power of attorney is valid one year from its issue date or such longer time period as set out in the power of attorney  however not more than five years. If the shareholder is a legal person  a registration certificate or other authorization document must be attached to the form  listing the authorized signatories. In order to facilitate the registration process at the AGM  a proxy together with registration certificate and any other authorization documents shall be received by the company at the above address at 4 p.m. CEST on May 8  2023  at the latest. If a proxy and other authorization documents have not been submitted in advance of the AGM  a proxy and other authorization documents shall be presented at the AGM.Participation by postal votingB) Anyone wishing to attend the meeting by postal voting must be recorded as a shareholder in the share register maintained by Euroclear Sweden AB  made as of May 4  2023  and no later than May 8  2023 notify the company by casting their postal vote in accordance with the instructions below  so that the postal vote is received by Euroclear Sweden AB no later than that day.Anyone who wishes to attend the meeting room in person or through a representative  must give notice in accordance with the instructions stated under A) above. Hence  a notice through postal voting only is not sufficient for those who wishes to attend the meeting room.A special form must be used for postal voting. The form is available on the company’s website www.eolusvind.com/en/. The completed and signed form may be sent by mail to Eolus Vind AB  ""Annual General Meeting""  c/o Euroclear Sweden AB  P.O. Box 191  SE-101 23 Stockholm  Sweden or by email to GeneralMeetingService@euroclear.com. The completed form must be received by Euroclear Sweden AB no later than May 8  2023. Shareholders may also cast their votes electronically by verifying with BankID via Euroclear Sweden AB’s website https://anmalan.vpc.se/EuroclearProxy/.Shareholders may not provide special instructions or conditions to the postal vote. If so  the entire postal vote is invalid. Further instructions and conditions can be found in the postal voting form.If the shareholder submits its postal vote by proxy  a written and dated power of attorney signed by the shareholder must be attached to the postal voting form. Proxy form is available on the company’s website www.eolusvind.com/en/. A power of attorney is valid one year from its issue date or such longer time period as set out in the power of attorney  however not more than five years. If the shareholder is a legal person  a registration certificate or other authorization document must be attached to the form  listing the authorized signatories.Nominee-registered sharesIn order to be entitled to participate in the AGM  a shareholder whose shares are registered in the name of a nominee must  in addition to giving notice of participation in the AGM  register its shares in its own name so that the shareholder is listed in the presentation of the share register as of May 4  2023. Such registration may be temporary (so-called voting rights registration)  and request for such voting rights registration shall be made to the nominee  in accordance with the nominee’s routines  at such a time in advance as decided by the nominee. Voting rights registrations that have been made by the nominee no later than May 8  2023 will be taken into account in the presentation of the share register.Proposed agenda1. Opening of the meeting2. Election of chairman of the meeting3. Election of two persons to check the minutes4. Preparation and approval of the voting list5. Approval of the agenda6. Determination of compliance with the rules of convocation7. Presentation ofa. the annual report and the auditor’s report and the consolidated financial statements and the auditor’s report for the Groupb. the statement by the auditor on the compliance of the guidelines for remuneration to senior executivesc. the Board of Directors’ proposal on appropriation of the company’s profit and reasoned statement thereon8. Resolutions regardinga. adoption of the statement of income and the balance sheet and the consolidated statement of income and the consolidated balance sheetb. appropriation of the company’s profit according to the adopted balance sheetc. discharge of the Board of Directors and the CEO from liability for the financial year 20229. Determination of the number of Board members  deputy Board members  auditors and deputy auditors10. Determination of fees to Board members and auditor11. Election of Board members and Chairman of the BoardThe Nomination Committee’s proposal:a. Carina Håkanssonb. Marie Grönborgc. Hans Johanssond. Jan Johanssone. Hans Linnarsonf. Bodil Rosvall Jönssong. Hans-Göran Stennerth. Hans-Göran Stennert  as Chairman of the Board12. Election of auditor13. Resolution on approval of remuneration report14. Resolution on the implementation of a long-term share savings program15. Closing of the meetingProposed resolutionsElection of chairman of the meeting (item 2)The Nomination Committee for the AGM 2023 has consisted of the chairman Hans Gydell (appointed by Hans-Göran Stennert)  Ingvar Svantesson (appointed by Domneåns Kraftaktiebolag)  Hans Johansson (appointed by Åke Johansson) and the Chairman of the Board  Hans-Göran Stennert.The Nomination Committe has proposed that Eolus’ General Counsel  Karl Olsson  shall be elected chairman of the AGM 2023.Preparation and approval of the voting list (item 4)The voting list proposed for approval is the voting list drawn up by Euroclear Sweden AB on behalf of the Company  based on the Annual General Meeting's register of shareholders  shareholders having given notice of participation and being present at the meeting venue  and postal votes received.Dividend (item 8b)The Board of Directors proposes that a dividend of SEK 1.50 per share is declared for the financial year 2022. As record date for the dividend  the Board of Directors proposes May 16  2023. If the AGM resolves in accordance with the proposal  the dividend is expected to be distributed by Euroclear Sweden AB starting May 22  2023.Election of Board members  Chairman of the Board and auditor  and determination of fees (items 9-12)The Nomination Committee proposes that the AGM resolves as follows:that the Board of Directors shall consist of seven members  with no deputy members;that one Auditor shall be appointed  with no deputy Auditor;that  fees to the Board members for 2023 shall be SEK 450 000 to the Chairman of the Board and SEK 225 000 each to other Board members who are not employed by the company  fees for work in the Audit Committee shall be paid in the amount of SEK 60 000 to the Chairman of the Audit Committee and in the amount of SEK 30 000 to other members who are not employed by the company  and fees for work in the Remuneration Committee shall be paid in the amount of SEK 15 000 to members who are not employed by the company;that the Auditor’s fee is to be paid according to agreement;that the Board members Hans Johansson  Jan Johansson  Hans Linnarson  Bodil Rosvall Jönsson and Hans-Göran Stennert are re-elected and that Carina Håkansson and Marie Grönborg are elected as new Board members. Sigrun Hjelmqvist has declined re-election to the Board of Directors;Carina Håkansson  born 1961  has education from Skogshögskolan in Garpenberg and Umeå. She has a long and successful career  including former CEO of Stora Enso Skog  Dala Kraft AB and Skogsindustierna. In addition she has previously been Chairperson for Advisory Committee on Sustainable Forest-based Industries (ACSFI) and Board member of Dala Vind AB. Carina is currently Board member of Svenska Cellulosa Aktiebolaget SCA  AFRY AB and chairperson of IVA’s division for Forest Technology. Carina does not hold any shares in Eolus.Marie Grönborg  born 1970  is CEO of TreeToTextile. She has a MSc in chemical engineering from Chalmers University of Technology / Imperial College and has a long and successful career  including former Vice President of Perstorp Group and former CEO of Purac AB. In addition  she has previously been a Board member of a number of subsidiaries within Perstorp Group. Marie is currently Board member of SSAB AB and Permascand Top Holding AB. Marie holds 275 shares in Eolus.that Hans-Göran Stennert is re-elected as Chairman of the Board;that   in accordance with the recommendation of the Audit Committee  the accounting firm PricewaterhouseCoopers AB is elected as auditor; PricewaterhouseCoopers AB has informed that the authorized public accountant Vicky Johansson will continue as auditor in charge should the AGM resolve in accordance with the Nomination Committee’s proposal.Resolution on the implementation of a long-term share savings program (item 14)The Board of Directors of Eolus proposes that the AGM 2023 resolves on a long-term share savings program for the company’s employees in Sweden (the “Share Savings Program 2023”).The Share Savings Program 2023 entails that all employees in Sweden within Eolus can choose to use an amount corresponding to a maximum of one month’s salary of their potential variable cash remuneration relating to the financial year 2023 to acquire shares in Eolus (”Savings Shares”). Acquisition of Savings Shares shall be made through the company on Nasdaq Stockholm within twenty trading days from when the outcome of the variable cash remuneration program has been established and the participants have informed Eolus whether they want to participate in the Share Savings Program.Provided that the participant still holds all of the Savings Shares and is still employed within the Eolus group three years after the acquisition of Savings Shares  Eolus will remunerate the participant with an amount corresponding to the cost for acquiring the number of Eolus shares corresponding to half of the number of Savings Shares (“Matching Shares”). Acquisition of Matching Shares shall be made through the company on Nasdaq Stockholm within twenty trading days from the date falling three years after the acquisition of Savings Shares.In order to ensure that the participant’s financial situation as far as possible shall remain unchanged  the number of Matching Shares shall be subject to customary recalculation should the company’s share capital increase or decrease  convertible debt instruments or options be issued or the company be liquidated or merged  or any similar changes to the company occur.Should the participant be prohibited from acquiring Savings Shares due to possession of inside information  the Board of Directors may in individual cases prolong or postpone the above mentioned investment period  although not beyond the next year end (i.e. until and including 31 December 2024). The Board of Directors shall be responsible for the detailed conditions and the administration of the Share Savings Program 2023 within the terms and conditions set forth above  and may also make such minor adjustments and applications as may be appropriate for legal or administrative reasons.Based on the assumptions of maximum outcome in the variable cash remuneration program  full investments by the entitled participants and an unchanged share price at the time of delivery of the Matching Shares  Eolus’ costs relating to the Share Savings Program 2023 are estimated to amount to a maximum of approximately SEK 3.2 million. Assuming a 25 per cent increase in Eolus’ share price at the time of delivery of Matching Shares  Eolus’ costs relating to the Share Savings Program 2023  including employer contributions  are estimated to amount to a maximum of approximately SEK 4.0 million and assuming a 50 per cent increase in the share price at such time  the costs are estimated to amount to a maximum of approximately SEK 4.9 million  including employer contributions. The Share Savings Program 2023 does not result in any dilution of the holdings of the company’s shareholders and is not deemed to affect any performance measure important for Eolus. No measures have been taken to hedge Eolus’ costs against its own share price in connection with the purchase of Matching shares.The proposal on Share Savings Program 2023 has been prepared by the Board of Directors and the Remuneration Committee. In the company  similar share savings programs for the financial years 2022  2021 and 2019/2020 relating to the variable cash remuneration have previously been adopted. By requiring  as described above  that the participants make an own investment in Eolus shares and thereby reconciling the employees’ and the shareholders’ interests of a long-term increase of the company’s value  the Share Savings Program 2023 is expected to enhance Eolus’ possibilities to recruit and retain competent employees while at the same time promoting Eolus’ business strategy  long-term interests and sustainability.The proposal must be supported by shareholders representing more than half of the votes cast at the general meeting.Available documentationThe Nomination Committee’s reasoned statement  form of power of attorney and postal voting form are available at the company and on the company’s website  www.eolusvind.com/en/.The financial statements  the audit report and other documentation that shall be available for the shareholders according to the Swedish Companies Act will be available at the company and on the company’s website  www.eolusvind.com/en/  no later than three weeks before the AGM.The documents will be sent free of charge to shareholders who so request and state their address.Number of shares and votes in the companyAt the time of issue of this convening notice  the total number of shares in the company amounts to 24 907 000  of which 1 285 625 shares are Class A shares and 23 621 375 shares are Class B shares. The total number of votes in the company amounts to 3 647 762.5.Information at the AGMThe Board of Directors and the CEO shall  if any shareholder so request and if the Board of Directors considers that this can be done without significant harm for the company or its subsidiaries  give information on circumstances that can affect the assessment of an item on the agenda  circumstances that can affect the assessment of the financial situation of the company or its subsidiaries and the company’s relationship with another group company (including the consolidated financial statements).Processing of personal dataFor information about the processing of your personal data  see www.euroclear.com/dam/ESwithLegal/Privacy-notice-bolagsstammor-engelska.pdf.Hässleholm in March 2023Eolus Vind AB (publ)The Board of DirectorsFor further information  please contact:Per Witalisson  CEO  +46 (0)702 65 16 15Karin Wittsell Heydl  Head of Communications & Sustainability  +46 (0)761 16 71 99Attachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.26,0.15,0.59,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'Eolus Vind AB', 'Notice', 'P.O. Box', 'other authorization document', 'Eolus Vind AB', 'Euroclear Sweden AB', 'longer time period', 'Annual General Meeting', 'Voting rights registrations', 'entire postal vote', 'postal voting form', 'company registration number', 'Eolus’ Articles', 'meeting room', 'Hässleholm', 'Reg. No.', 'share register', 'telephone number', 'possible assistants', 'issue date', 'five years', 'registration certificate', 'authorized signatories', 'registration process', 'Such registration', 'special form', 'completed form', 'legal person', 'special instructions', 'Further instructions', 'state name', 'dated power', 'Nominee-registered shares', 'Proxy form', 'shareholders', 'AGM', 'May', 'CEST', 'Kulturhuset', 'Vattugatan', 'Board', 'Directors', 'accordance', 'regulations', 'Association', 'Participation', 'Anyone', 'representative', 'intention', 'website', 'investors', 'corporate-governance', 'writing', 'address', 'SE-101', 'Stockholm', 'written', 'attorney', 'order', 'above', 'advance', 'day', 'notice', 'mail', 'GeneralMeetingService', 'votes', 'BankID', 'vpc', 'EuroclearProxy', 'conditions', 'addition', 'presentation', 'request', 'routines', 'account', '2:00', '1:30', '4']",2023-03-31,2023-04-01,marketscreener.com
21892,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/03/31/2638376/0/en/Notice-of-Annual-General-Meeting-in-Eolus-Vind-AB-publ.html,Notice of Annual General Meeting in Eolus Vind AB (publ),Hässleholm 31 March 2023  The shareholders of Eolus Vind AB (publ) Reg. No. 556389-3956 are hereby invited to attend the Annual General Meeting (“AGM”)...,"English SwedishHässleholm 31 March 2023The shareholders of Eolus Vind AB (publ) Reg. No. 556389-3956 are hereby invited to attend the Annual General Meeting (“AGM”) to be held on May 12  2023 at 2:00 p.m. CEST in Kulturhuset in Hässleholm  Vattugatan 18. Registration for the AGM begins at 1:30 p.m. CEST.The Board of Directors has decided that shareholders shall be able to exercise their voting rights at the AGM also by postal voting in accordance with the regulations in Eolus’ Articles of Association.Right to participateParticipation in the meeting roomA) Anyone wishing to attend the meeting room in person or through a representative must be recorded as a shareholder in the share register maintained by Euroclear Sweden AB  made as of May 4  2023  and no later than May 8  2023 preferably before 4 p.m. CEST  notify the company of their intention to participate in the AGM.Registration to attend the AGM should primarily be made via the company’s website www.eolusvind.com/en/investors/corporate-governance/general-meeting/. Registration to attend can also be made in writing under the address Eolus Vind AB ”Annual General Meeting”  c/o Euroclear Sweden AB  P.O. Box 191  SE-101 23 Stockholm  Sweden or by phone  08-402 90 41. When registering  the shareholder must state name  social security- or company registration number  address  telephone number and the number of possible assistants (maximum two).If shareholders are represented by a proxy  a written and dated power of attorney signed by the shareholder must be issued to the proxy. Proxy form is available on the company’s website www.eolusvind.com/en/. A power of attorney is valid one year from its issue date or such longer time period as set out in the power of attorney  however not more than five years. If the shareholder is a legal person  a registration certificate or other authorization document must be attached to the form  listing the authorized signatories. In order to facilitate the registration process at the AGM  a proxy together with registration certificate and any other authorization documents shall be received by the company at the above address at 4 p.m. CEST on May 8  2023  at the latest. If a proxy and other authorization documents have not been submitted in advance of the AGM  a proxy and other authorization documents shall be presented at the AGM.Participation by postal votingB) Anyone wishing to attend the meeting by postal voting must be recorded as a shareholder in the share register maintained by Euroclear Sweden AB  made as of May 4  2023  and no later than May 8  2023 notify the company by casting their postal vote in accordance with the instructions below  so that the postal vote is received by Euroclear Sweden AB no later than that day.Anyone who wishes to attend the meeting room in person or through a representative  must give notice in accordance with the instructions stated under A) above. Hence  a notice through postal voting only is not sufficient for those who wishes to attend the meeting room.A special form must be used for postal voting. The form is available on the company’s website www.eolusvind.com/en/. The completed and signed form may be sent by mail to Eolus Vind AB  ""Annual General Meeting""  c/o Euroclear Sweden AB  P.O. Box 191  SE-101 23 Stockholm  Sweden or by email to GeneralMeetingService@euroclear.com. The completed form must be received by Euroclear Sweden AB no later than May 8  2023. Shareholders may also cast their votes electronically by verifying with BankID via Euroclear Sweden AB’s website https://anmalan.vpc.se/EuroclearProxy/.Shareholders may not provide special instructions or conditions to the postal vote. If so  the entire postal vote is invalid. Further instructions and conditions can be found in the postal voting form.If the shareholder submits its postal vote by proxy  a written and dated power of attorney signed by the shareholder must be attached to the postal voting form. Proxy form is available on the company’s website www.eolusvind.com/en/. A power of attorney is valid one year from its issue date or such longer time period as set out in the power of attorney  however not more than five years. If the shareholder is a legal person  a registration certificate or other authorization document must be attached to the form  listing the authorized signatories.Nominee-registered sharesIn order to be entitled to participate in the AGM  a shareholder whose shares are registered in the name of a nominee must  in addition to giving notice of participation in the AGM  register its shares in its own name so that the shareholder is listed in the presentation of the share register as of May 4  2023. Such registration may be temporary (so-called voting rights registration)  and request for such voting rights registration shall be made to the nominee  in accordance with the nominee’s routines  at such a time in advance as decided by the nominee. Voting rights registrations that have been made by the nominee no later than May 8  2023 will be taken into account in the presentation of the share register.Proposed agenda1. Opening of the meeting2. Election of chairman of the meeting3. Election of two persons to check the minutes4. Preparation and approval of the voting list5. Approval of the agenda6. Determination of compliance with the rules of convocation7. Presentation ofa. the annual report and the auditor’s report and the consolidated financial statements and the auditor’s report for the Groupb. the statement by the auditor on the compliance of the guidelines for remuneration to senior executivesc. the Board of Directors’ proposal on appropriation of the company’s profit and reasoned statement thereon8. Resolutions regardinga. adoption of the statement of income and the balance sheet and the consolidated statement of income and the consolidated balance sheetb. appropriation of the company’s profit according to the adopted balance sheetc. discharge of the Board of Directors and the CEO from liability for the financial year 20229. Determination of the number of Board members  deputy Board members  auditors and deputy auditors10. Determination of fees to Board members and auditor11. Election of Board members and Chairman of the BoardThe Nomination Committee’s proposal:a. Carina Håkanssonb. Marie Grönborgc. Hans Johanssond. Jan Johanssone. Hans Linnarsonf. Bodil Rosvall Jönssong. Hans-Göran Stennerth. Hans-Göran Stennert  as Chairman of the Board12. Election of auditor13. Resolution on approval of remuneration report14. Resolution on the implementation of a long-term share savings program15. Closing of the meetingProposed resolutionsElection of chairman of the meeting (item 2)The Nomination Committee for the AGM 2023 has consisted of the chairman Hans Gydell (appointed by Hans-Göran Stennert)  Ingvar Svantesson (appointed by Domneåns Kraftaktiebolag)  Hans Johansson (appointed by Åke Johansson) and the Chairman of the Board  Hans-Göran Stennert.The Nomination Committe has proposed that Eolus’ General Counsel  Karl Olsson  shall be elected chairman of the AGM 2023.Preparation and approval of the voting list (item 4)The voting list proposed for approval is the voting list drawn up by Euroclear Sweden AB on behalf of the Company  based on the Annual General Meeting's register of shareholders  shareholders having given notice of participation and being present at the meeting venue  and postal votes received.Dividend (item 8b)The Board of Directors proposes that a dividend of SEK 1.50 per share is declared for the financial year 2022. As record date for the dividend  the Board of Directors proposes May 16  2023. If the AGM resolves in accordance with the proposal  the dividend is expected to be distributed by Euroclear Sweden AB starting May 22  2023.Election of Board members  Chairman of the Board and auditor  and determination of fees (items 9-12)The Nomination Committee proposes that the AGM resolves as follows:that the Board of Directors shall consist of seven members  with no deputy members;that one Auditor shall be appointed  with no deputy Auditor;that  fees to the Board members for 2023 shall be SEK 450 000 to the Chairman of the Board and SEK 225 000 each to other Board members who are not employed by the company  fees for work in the Audit Committee shall be paid in the amount of SEK 60 000 to the Chairman of the Audit Committee and in the amount of SEK 30 000 to other members who are not employed by the company  and fees for work in the Remuneration Committee shall be paid in the amount of SEK 15 000 to members who are not employed by the company;that the Auditor’s fee is to be paid according to agreement;that the Board members Hans Johansson  Jan Johansson  Hans Linnarson  Bodil Rosvall Jönsson and Hans-Göran Stennert are re-elected and that Carina Håkansson and Marie Grönborg are elected as new Board members. Sigrun Hjelmqvist has declined re-election to the Board of Directors;Carina Håkansson  born 1961  has education from Skogshögskolan in Garpenberg and Umeå. She has a long and successful career  including former CEO of Stora Enso Skog  Dala Kraft AB and Skogsindustierna. In addition she has previously been Chairperson for Advisory Committee on Sustainable Forest-based Industries (ACSFI) and Board member of Dala Vind AB. Carina is currently Board member of Svenska Cellulosa Aktiebolaget SCA  AFRY AB and chairperson of IVA’s division for Forest Technology. Carina does not hold any shares in Eolus.Marie Grönborg  born 1970  is CEO of TreeToTextile. She has a MSc in chemical engineering from Chalmers University of Technology / Imperial College and has a long and successful career  including former Vice President of Perstorp Group and former CEO of Purac AB. In addition  she has previously been a Board member of a number of subsidiaries within Perstorp Group. Marie is currently Board member of SSAB AB and Permascand Top Holding AB. Marie holds 275 shares in Eolus.that Hans-Göran Stennert is re-elected as Chairman of the Board;that   in accordance with the recommendation of the Audit Committee  the accounting firm PricewaterhouseCoopers AB is elected as auditor; PricewaterhouseCoopers AB has informed that the authorized public accountant Vicky Johansson will continue as auditor in charge should the AGM resolve in accordance with the Nomination Committee’s proposal.Resolution on the implementation of a long-term share savings program (item 14)The Board of Directors of Eolus proposes that the AGM 2023 resolves on a long-term share savings program for the company’s employees in Sweden (the “Share Savings Program 2023”).The Share Savings Program 2023 entails that all employees in Sweden within Eolus can choose to use an amount corresponding to a maximum of one month’s salary of their potential variable cash remuneration relating to the financial year 2023 to acquire shares in Eolus (”Savings Shares”). Acquisition of Savings Shares shall be made through the company on Nasdaq Stockholm within twenty trading days from when the outcome of the variable cash remuneration program has been established and the participants have informed Eolus whether they want to participate in the Share Savings Program.Provided that the participant still holds all of the Savings Shares and is still employed within the Eolus group three years after the acquisition of Savings Shares  Eolus will remunerate the participant with an amount corresponding to the cost for acquiring the number of Eolus shares corresponding to half of the number of Savings Shares (“Matching Shares”). Acquisition of Matching Shares shall be made through the company on Nasdaq Stockholm within twenty trading days from the date falling three years after the acquisition of Savings Shares.In order to ensure that the participant’s financial situation as far as possible shall remain unchanged  the number of Matching Shares shall be subject to customary recalculation should the company’s share capital increase or decrease  convertible debt instruments or options be issued or the company be liquidated or merged  or any similar changes to the company occur.Should the participant be prohibited from acquiring Savings Shares due to possession of inside information  the Board of Directors may in individual cases prolong or postpone the above mentioned investment period  although not beyond the next year end (i.e. until and including 31 December 2024). The Board of Directors shall be responsible for the detailed conditions and the administration of the Share Savings Program 2023 within the terms and conditions set forth above  and may also make such minor adjustments and applications as may be appropriate for legal or administrative reasons.Based on the assumptions of maximum outcome in the variable cash remuneration program  full investments by the entitled participants and an unchanged share price at the time of delivery of the Matching Shares  Eolus’ costs relating to the Share Savings Program 2023 are estimated to amount to a maximum of approximately SEK 3.2 million. Assuming a 25 per cent increase in Eolus’ share price at the time of delivery of Matching Shares  Eolus’ costs relating to the Share Savings Program 2023  including employer contributions  are estimated to amount to a maximum of approximately SEK 4.0 million and assuming a 50 per cent increase in the share price at such time  the costs are estimated to amount to a maximum of approximately SEK 4.9 million  including employer contributions. The Share Savings Program 2023 does not result in any dilution of the holdings of the company’s shareholders and is not deemed to affect any performance measure important for Eolus. No measures have been taken to hedge Eolus’ costs against its own share price in connection with the purchase of Matching shares.The proposal on Share Savings Program 2023 has been prepared by the Board of Directors and the Remuneration Committee. In the company  similar share savings programs for the financial years 2022  2021 and 2019/2020 relating to the variable cash remuneration have previously been adopted. By requiring  as described above  that the participants make an own investment in Eolus shares and thereby reconciling the employees’ and the shareholders’ interests of a long-term increase of the company’s value  the Share Savings Program 2023 is expected to enhance Eolus’ possibilities to recruit and retain competent employees while at the same time promoting Eolus’ business strategy  long-term interests and sustainability.The proposal must be supported by shareholders representing more than half of the votes cast at the general meeting.Available documentationThe Nomination Committee’s reasoned statement  form of power of attorney and postal voting form are available at the company and on the company’s website  www.eolusvind.com/en/.The financial statements  the audit report and other documentation that shall be available for the shareholders according to the Swedish Companies Act will be available at the company and on the company’s website  www.eolusvind.com/en/  no later than three weeks before the AGM.The documents will be sent free of charge to shareholders who so request and state their address.Number of shares and votes in the companyAt the time of issue of this convening notice  the total number of shares in the company amounts to 24 907 000  of which 1 285 625 shares are Class A shares and 23 621 375 shares are Class B shares. The total number of votes in the company amounts to 3 647 762.5.Information at the AGMThe Board of Directors and the CEO shall  if any shareholder so request and if the Board of Directors considers that this can be done without significant harm for the company or its subsidiaries  give information on circumstances that can affect the assessment of an item on the agenda  circumstances that can affect the assessment of the financial situation of the company or its subsidiaries and the company’s relationship with another group company (including the consolidated financial statements).Processing of personal dataFor information about the processing of your personal data  see www.euroclear.com/dam/ESwithLegal/Privacy-notice-bolagsstammor-engelska.pdf.Hässleholm in March 2023Eolus Vind AB (publ)The Board of DirectorsFor further information  please contact:Per Witalisson  CEO  +46 (0)702 65 16 15Karin Wittsell Heydl  Head of Communications & Sustainability  +46 (0)761 16 71 99Attachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.31,0.17,0.52,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'Eolus Vind AB', 'Notice', 'P.O. Box', 'other authorization document', 'Eolus Vind AB', 'Euroclear Sweden AB', 'longer time period', 'Annual General Meeting', 'Voting rights registrations', 'entire postal vote', 'postal voting form', 'company registration number', 'Eolus’ Articles', 'meeting room', 'English Swedish', 'Hässleholm', 'Reg. No.', 'share register', 'telephone number', 'possible assistants', 'issue date', 'five years', 'registration certificate', 'authorized signatories', 'registration process', 'Such registration', 'special form', 'completed form', 'legal person', 'special instructions', 'Further instructions', 'state name', 'dated power', 'Nominee-registered shares', 'Proxy form', 'shareholders', 'AGM', 'May', 'CEST', 'Kulturhuset', 'Vattugatan', 'Board', 'Directors', 'accordance', 'regulations', 'Association', 'Participation', 'Anyone', 'representative', 'intention', 'website', 'investors', 'corporate-governance', 'writing', 'address', 'SE-101', 'Stockholm', 'written', 'attorney', 'order', 'latest', 'advance', 'day', 'notice', 'mail', 'GeneralMeetingService', 'votes', 'BankID', 'vpc', 'EuroclearProxy', 'conditions', 'addition', 'presentation', 'request', 'routines', 'account', '2:00', '1:30', '4']",2023-03-31,2023-04-01,globenewswire.com
21893,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/MEDIVIR-AB-PUBL-6491112/news/Medivir-Notice-of-AGM-2023-43389669/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230331,Medivir : Notice of AGM 2023,(marketscreener.com)   Notice of Annual General Meeting of Medivir AB    The shareholders of Medivir AB   reg. no. 556238-4361  with its registered office in Huddinge  Stockholm  are hereby summoned to the annual general meeting on Thursday 4 May 2023 at…,"Notice of Annual General Meeting of Medivir AB (publ)The shareholders of Medivir AB (publ)  reg. no. 556238-4361  with its registered office in Huddinge  Stockholm  are hereby summoned to the annual general meeting on Thursday 4 May 2023 at 14.00CEST at Tändstickspalatset  Västra Trädgårdsgatan 15  Stockholm  Sweden.Shareholders can participate in the annual general meeting by attending the venue in person or by voting in advance (postal voting).Right to participate in the annual general meeting and notice of participation Participation in the annual general meeting at the venueA shareholder who wishes to participate in the annual general meeting at the venue in person or represented by a proxy must (i) be recorded in the share register maintained by Euroclear Sweden AB relating to the circumstances on 25 April 2023  and (ii) no later than 27 April 2023 give notice by post to Medivir AB  ""Annual general meeting""  c/o Euroclear Sweden AB  Box 191  SE-101 23 Stockholm  by telephone +46 (0)8 402 92 37 or by the company's webpagewww.medivir.com. When providing such notice  the shareholder should set forth the name  address  telephone number (daytime)  personal/corporate identity number  the number of shares held and  when applicable  information about representatives and assistants.If a shareholder is represented by proxy  a written  dated proxy for the representative must be issued  should the right to vote for the shares be divided among different representatives  the representatives  together with information on the number of shares each representative is entitled to vote for. A proxy form is available on the company's webpage www.medivir.com. If the proxy is issued by a legal entity  a certificate of registration or equivalent certificate of authority should be enclosed. To facilitate the registration at the annual general meeting  the proxy and the certificate of registration or equivalent certificate of authority should be sent to the company as set out above so that it is received no later than 3 May 2023.Participation by advance votingA shareholder who wishes to participate in the annual general meeting by advance voting must (i) be recorded in the share register maintained by Euroclear Sweden AB relating to the circumstances on 25 April 2023  and (ii) notify its intention to participate in the annual general meeting no later than 27 April 2023  by casting its advance vote in accordance with the instructions below so that the advance vote is received by Euroclear Sweden AB no later than on that day.A shareholder who wishes to participate in the annual general meeting at the venue in person or represented by a proxy must give notice thereof in accordance with what is set out under Participation in the annual general meeting at the venue above. This means that a notification by advance vote is not sufficient for a person who wishes to participate at the venue.A special form shall be used when advance voting. The advance voting form is available on the company's webpagewww.medivir.com. A completed and signed form must be received by Euroclear Sweden AB no later than 27 April 2023. The form may be submitted via e-mail toGeneralMeetingService@euroclear.comor by post to Medivir AB  ""Annual general meeting""  c/o Euroclear Sweden AB  Box 191  SE-101 23Stockholm  Sweden. Shareholders may also cast their advance votes electronically through BankID verification via Euroclear Sweden AB's webpage; https://anmalan.vpc.se/EuroclearProxyThe shareholder may not provide special instructions or conditions in the voting form. If so  the vote (i.e. the advance vote in its entirety) is invalid. Further instructions and conditions are included in the form for advance voting.If a shareholder votes in advance by proxy  a written and dated proxy shall be enclosed to the advance voting form. Proxy forms are available on the company's webpagewww.medivir.com. If the shareholder is a legal entity  a certificate of incorporation or an equivalent certificate of authority should be enclosed. If a shareholder has voted in advance and then attends the annual general meeting in person or through a proxy  the advance vote is still valid except to the extent the shareholder casts votes during the annual general meeting or otherwise withdraws its casted advance vote. If the shareholder chooses to participate in a voting during the annual general meeting  the submitted advance vote will be replaced by the vote cast at the annual general meeting.For questions regarding the annual general meeting or to have the advance voting form sent by post  please contact Euroclear Sweden AB on telephone +46 (0)8 402 92 37 (Monday-Friday  09.00-16.00 CEST).Nominee-registered sharesTo be entitled to participate in the annual general meeting  a shareholder whose shares are held in the name of a nominee must  in addition to providing notification of participation  register its shares in its own name so that the shareholder is recorded in the share register relating to the circumstances on 25 April 2023. Such registration may be temporary (so-called voting right registration) and is requested from the nominee in accordance with the nominee's procedures and in such time in advance as the nominee determines. Voting right registrations completed by the nominee not later than 27 April 2023 are taken into account when preparing the register of shareholders.Shareholders' right to request informationShareholders are reminded of their right to  at the annual general meeting  obtain information from the board of directors and the managing director in accordance with Chapter 7 Section 32 of the Swedish Companies Act (Sw. aktiebolagslagen).Number of shares and votesAs of the date of this notice there are 55 735 651 class B shares in the company that entitle to one vote each. The company holds 11 413 own class B shares.Proposed agenda1. Opening of the meeting.2. Election of chairman of the meeting.3. Preparation and approval of the voting list.4. Election of two persons who shall approve the minutes of the meeting.5. Approval of the agenda.6. Determination of whether the meeting has been duly convened.7. Reports from the managing director and the chairman of the board.8. Presentation of the annual report and the auditor's report as well as the consolidated annual accounts and the auditor's report for the group.9. Resolution on approval of the profit and loss account and balance sheet as well as the consolidated profit and loss account and consolidated balance sheet.10. Resolution on approval of allocations of the company's profits or losses according to the adopted balance sheet.11. Resolution on discharge from liability of the members of the board of directors and the managing director.12. Determination of the number of directors  deputy directors  auditors and deputy auditors.13. Determination of fees to be paid to the directors and the auditor.14. Election of the members of the board of directors The nomination committee's proposal: 14.1 Uli Hacksell (re-election) 14.2 Lennart Hansson (re-election) 14.3 Bengt Westermark (re-election) 14.4 Yilmaz Mahshid (re-election) 14.5 Anette Lindqvist (re-election)15. Election of the chairman of the board. The nomination committee proposes that Uli Hacksell is re-elected as chairman of the board.16. Election of the auditor.17. Presentation of the board of directors' remuneration report for approval.18. The board of directors' proposal to adopt new articles of association.19. The board of directors' proposal regarding authorization for the board to resolve on new share issues.20. The board of directors' proposal regarding a long-term incentive program in the form of a share matching program (LTIP 2023).21. Closing of the meeting.Election of chairman of the meeting (item 2)The nomination committee  comprising Karl Tobieson (Linc AB  chairman)  Richard Torgerson (Nordea Investment Funds)  Anders Hallberg (HealthInvest Partners) and the chairman of the board of directors  Uli Hacksell  proposes Uli Hacksell  or the person appointed by the board of directors if he has an impediment to attend  to be appointed chairman of the meeting.Allocation of the company's balance (item 10)The board of directors proposes that the company's results shall be carried forward.Determination of the number of directors  deputy directors  auditors and deputy auditors (item 12)The nomination committee proposes that the board of directors shall consist of five members with no deputies. The company shall have one auditor without deputy auditors.Determination of fees to be paid to the directors and the auditor (item 13)The nomination committee proposes that the remuneration to the board of directors shall be paid in a total amount of not more than SEK 1 730 000 (1 730 000) annually allocated as follows (fees for 2022 within brackets). The chairman shall receive SEK 690 000 (690 000) and other board members not employed by the company shall receive SEK 260 000 (260 000) each.The remuneration to the auditor is proposed to be paid in accordance with approved invoices within the auditor's quotation.Election of the directors and election of chairman of the board (item 14 and 15)The proposals by the nomination committee are stated in the proposed agenda above. Further information on the proposed members of the board is available at www.medivir.com.Election of the auditor (item 16)The nomination committee proposes new election of the auditing company Grant Thornton AB  as the company's auditor for the period until the end of the annual general meeting to be held 2024. Therese Utengen is proposed by Grant Thornton AB as auditor in charge if they are elected. The proposal is in accordance with the board of directors' recommendation.The board of directors' proposal to adopt new articles of association (item 18)The board of directors proposes that the annual general meeting resolves to adopt new articles of association to update § 4 and to remove § 13. The updated § 4 together with the removed 13 § entail the removal of the share class A  including its pre-emption rights  and that shares of series B will be reclassified to ordinary shares. In addition  the new § 4 enables shares of series C to be issued  conversion of shares of series C into ordinary shares  redemption and regulates pre-emptive rights.The board of directors proposes that the CEO shall be authorized to make the minor adjustments to this resolution that may be necessary in connection with the registration thereof.Current wordingProposed wording",neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.19,0.17,0.64,True,English,"['Medivir', 'Notice', 'AGM', 'Västra Trädgårdsgatan', 'Annual General Meeting', 'Euroclear Sweden AB', 'personal/corporate identity number', 'advance voting form', 'Medivir AB', 'postal voting', 'Tändstickspalatset', 'share register', 'legal entity', 'BankID verification', 'special form', 'special instructions', 'Further instructions', 'advance vote', 'Thursday 4 May', 'equivalent certificate', 'different representatives', 'dated proxy', 'Proxy forms', 'Such registration', 'Nominee-registered shares', 'telephone number', '3 May', 'Notice', 'shareholders', 'publ', 'office', 'Huddinge', 'Stockholm', 'CEST', 'venue', 'Right', 'participation', 'circumstances', '25 April', '27 April', 'Box', 'company', 'webpagewww', 'name', 'address', 'daytime', 'information', 'assistants', 'authority', 'intention', 'accordance', 'notification', 'mail', 'votes', 'vpc', 'EuroclearProxy', 'conditions', 'entirety', 'extent', 'questions', 'Monday', 'Friday', 'addition', '8']",2023-03-31,2023-04-01,marketscreener.com
21894,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/SAMPO-OYJ-42062213/news/Sampo-plc-Notice-of-the-Annual-General-Meeting-43388670/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230331,Sampo plc: Notice of the Annual General Meeting,(marketscreener.com)  SAMPO PLC                        STOCK EXCHANGE RELEASE                  31 March 2023 at 9.30 am Sampo plc: Notice of the Annual...https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/SAMPO-OYJ-42062213/news/Sampo-plc-Notice-of-the-Annual-Genera…,SAMPO PLC STOCK EXCHANGE RELEASE 31 March 2023 at 9.30 amSampo plc: Notice of the Annual General MeetingNotice is given to the shareholders of Sampo plc of the Annual General Meeting to be held on Wednesday  17 May 2023 at 2.00 pm (EEST) at Helsinki Exhibition and Convention Centre  halls 5ab  Messuaukio 1  00520 Helsinki  Finland. The reception of shareholders who have registered for the meeting and serving of coffee prior to the meeting will start at 12.00 noon.Björn Wahlroos  who is stepping down from his position as the Chair of the Board of Directors of Sampo plc will be interviewed before the AGM at 12:45 pm. The event will be in Finnish (interpretation in English) and open to those who have registered to the AGM. The recording of the interview will be later available at the company’s website at www.sampo.com/agm .A. Items on the agenda of the Annual General MeetingAt the Annual General Meeting  the following items will be considered:1. Opening of the meeting2. Calling the meeting to order3. Election of persons to scrutinise the minutes and to supervise the counting of votes4. Recording the legality of the meeting5. Recording the attendance at the meeting and adoption of the list of votes6. Presentation of the Financial Statements  Report of the Board of Directors and the Auditor’s Report for the financial year 2022Review by the Group CEOAuditor’s Report presented by the Auditor7. Adoption of the Financial Statements8. Resolution on the use of the profit shown on the balance sheet and the payment of dividendThe Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting a dividend of EUR 2.60 per share for the company's 511 177 769 shares  which are not held in treasury by the company on the record date of the dividend payment. The dividend will be paid to a shareholder registered in the shareholders’ register held by Euroclear Finland Oy on the record date of the dividend payment i.e. 22 May 2023. The Board proposes that the dividend be paid on 31 May 2023.For the sake of clarity  it is noted that the issuer of the Swedish depository receipts shall ensure that the dividend is paid to the depository receipt holders registered in the securities depository and settlement register maintained by Euroclear Sweden AB as at the record date of 22 May 2023  which payment shall be made in Swedish Krona.9. Resolution on the discharge of the members of the Board of Directors and the CEO from liability for the financial year 202210. Consideration of the Remuneration Report for Governing BodiesThe Board of Directors proposes that the Remuneration Report for the company's governing bodies for the financial year 2022 be adopted through an advisory resolution.The Remuneration Report for Governing Bodies will be made available on Sampo plc’s website at www.sampo.com/agm on week 14 at the latest. The resolution on the Remuneration Report is advisory.11. Resolution on the remuneration of the members of the Board of DirectorsThe Nomination and Remuneration Committee of the Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that each member of the Board of Directors be paid an annual fee of EUR 101 000 until the close of the next Annual General Meeting and the Chair of the Board be paid EUR 228 000. Furthermore  the Nomination and Remuneration Committee proposes that the members of the Board of Directors and its Committees be paid the following annual fees:the Vice Chair of the Board be paid EUR 30 000 the Chair of the Audit Committee be paid EUR 28 000  andeach member of the Audit Committee be paid EUR 6 400.A Board member shall  in accordance with the resolution of the Annual General Meeting  acquire Sampo plc A shares at the price paid in public trading for 50 per cent of his/her annual fee after the deduction of taxes  payments and potential statutory social and pension costs. The company will pay any possible transfer tax related to the acquisition of the company shares.12. Resolution on the number of members of the Board of DirectorsThe Nomination and Remuneration Committee of the Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that the number of Board members be increased by one and that ten members be elected to the Board.13. Election of the members of the Board of DirectorsThe Nomination and Remuneration Committee of the Board of Directors proposes that the current members of the Board Christian Clausen  Fiona Clutterbuck  Georg Ehrnrooth  Jannica Fagerholm  Johanna Lamminen  Steve Langan  Risto Murto and Markus Rauramo be re-elected for a term continuing until the close of the next Annual General Meeting. The Committee proposes that Antti Mäkinen and Annica Witschard be elected as new members to the Board. Johanna Lamminen has notified the Committee that she will no longer continue on the Board upon the potential completion of the partial demerger of Sampo plc as proposed by the Board of Directors under agenda item 16  so that she may devote sufficient time to her duties.All the proposed Board members have been determined to be independent of the company and its major shareholders under the rules of the Finnish Corporate Governance Code 2020.The CVs of all persons proposed as Board members are available at www.sampo.com/agm .14. Resolution on the remuneration of the AuditorThe Audit Committee of the Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that compensation be paid to the company’s Auditor against an invoice approved by the company.15. Election of the AuditorThe Audit Committee of the Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that the firm of authorised public accountants Deloitte Ltd be re-elected as the company’s auditor for the financial year 2023. If Deloitte Ltd is elected as Sampo plc’s auditor  the firm has announced that APA Jukka Vattulainen will continue as the auditor with principal responsibility.16. Partial demerger of Sampo plcThe Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting resolve to approve the partial demerger of Sampo plc in accordance with the demerger plan approved and signed by the Board of Directors of Sampo plc on 29 March 2023 and approves the demerger plan so that  as part of the demerger resolution  the Annual General Meeting would also resolve  conditionally upon the registration of the completion of the demerger on the matters presented below. The demerger plan is available on Sampo plc’s website at www.sampo.com/agm .Pursuant to the demerger plan  Sampo plc will demerge in a partial demerger so that all of the shares in Mandatum Holding Ltd (a wholly-owned direct subsidiary of Sampo plc) owned by Sampo plc and related assets and liabilities will transfer without a liquidation procedure to Mandatum plc  a company to be incorporated in the demerger.The purpose of the demerger is to implement the divestment of the life insurance  wealth management business and related operations carried out by Mandatum Holding Ltd through its direct and indirect subsidiaries in order to form a new independent group of companies. The planned date of registration of the completion of the partial demerger is 1 October 2023 (the “Effective Date”). The actual Effective Date may change from said planned date in accordance with the demerger plan.However  despite the resolution of the General Meeting  the Board of Directors of Sampo plc may resolve to not complete the demerger if at any time prior to the completion of the demerger there exists in the view of the Board of Directors of Sampo plc grounds due to which such non-completion would be appropriate.In accordance to the demerger plan  the shareholders of Sampo plc shall receive as demerger consideration one (1) new share in Mandatum plc for each share (regardless of share class) owned in Sampo plc  i.e. the demerger consideration shall be issued to the shareholders of Sampo plc in proportion to their shareholdings with a ratio of 1:1. For the sake of clarity  the demerger consideration shall be delivered through the book-entry system without any separate action being required from the shareholders of Sampo plc in relation thereto.The shares in Mandatum plc are intended to be admitted to trading on the official list of Nasdaq Helsinki Ltd. Trading is intended to begin on the Effective Date  or in case the Effective Date does not fall on a trading day  the first potential trading day following the Effective Date.As part of the demerger resolution the Annual General Meeting resolves on  conditional upon the registration of the completion of the demerger:The establishment of Mandatum plc and the approval of its articles of associationThe receiving company in the demerger is established in connection with the registration of the completion of the demerger. It has been proposed that the trade name of the company be Mandatum Oyj (in English: Mandatum plc)  and the company’s proposed articles of association are included in full as an appendix to the demerger plan.The proposed articles of association of Mandatum plc are  to the extent applicable  based on Sampo plc’s currently valid Articles of Association  taking into consideration the amendments proposed to the Articles of Association in agenda items 17 and 18 below.The composition of Mandatum plc’s Board of Directors and the selection of its auditor as well as their remunerationAccording to the proposed articles of association of Mandatum plc  the Board of Directors of Mandatum plc shall consist of three (3) to ten (10) members. It is proposed that Mandatum plc’s Board of Directors is elected in accordance with the demerger plan approved and signed by Sampo plc’s Board of Directors on 29 March 2023  wherein the composition of the Board of Directors of Mandatum plc is described in detail.The term of such members of the Board of Directors shall commence on the Effective Date and shall expire at the end of the first Annual General Meeting of Mandatum plc following the Effective Date. The Board of Directors of Mandatum plc may however take certain decisions on behalf of Mandatum plc already prior to the Effective Date  as set forth in the demerger plan.Prior to assuming the duties of a Board member of Mandatum plc  each such person must fulfil the Fitness & Propriety requirements set by the Finnish Financial Supervisory Authority.It is proposed that each member of the Board of Directors of Mandatum plc be remunerated in accordance with the demerger plan approved and signed by Sampo plc’s Board of Directors on 29 March 2023.According to the proposed articles of association of Mandatum plc  Mandatum plc shall have one (1) auditor which must be an auditing firm authorised by the Finnish Patent and Registration Office. In accordance with the demerger plan approved and signed by Sampo plc's Board of Directors on 29 March 2023  it is therefore proposed that the firm of authorised public accountants Deloitte Ltd be elected as the Mandatum plc’s auditor for the financial year 2023. If Deloitte Ltd is elected as Mandatum plc’s auditor  the firm has announced that APA Reeta Virolainen will act as the auditor with principal responsibility. APA Reeta Virolainen has acted as Mandatum Group’s principally responsible auditor since 2021. Sampo plc’s Board of Directors also proposes that compensation be paid to Mandatum plc’s auditor against an invoice approved by Mandatum plc.The establishment of a shareholders’ nomination board for Mandatum plcIt is proposed to establish a shareholders’ nomination board for Mandatum plc in accordance with the demerger plan approved and signed by Sampo plc’s Board of Directors on 29 March 2023.Resolutions that are conditional on the completion of the demerger will enter into force in connection with the registration of the completion of the demerger.17. Amending articles 3 §  4 § and 14 § of the company’s articles of associationThe Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that the Annual General Meeting resolves to amend the company’s articles of association in accordance with the following and such that articles 3–4 § and 14 § are amended as set out below.3 § Business area of the CompanyThe Board of Directors proposes that article 3 § of the company’s articles of association is amended in accordance with the Sampo Group strategy announced on 24 February 2021 to reflect the company’s current strategy and main business area.In its amended form  said article would read as follows:“The Company operates as the parent company of Sampo Group  which has its focus on P&C insurance. The Company sets the Group’s strategy and capital management framework and carries out centrally-managed Group tasks. The Company may also own and manage shares  other securities and properties  and to engage in securities trading and other investment activities.”4 § Classes of sharesThe Board of Directors proposes that article 4 § of the company’s articles of association is amended pursuant to the proposed authorisation for the Board of Directors to resolve upon a share issue without payment (share split) in agenda item 20  which necessitates a deletion of the minimum and maximum amounts set for the Company’s A and B shares.In its amended form  said article would read as follows:“The shares are divided into A and B classes  with each A share entitling its holder to one vote and each B share entitling its holder to five votes at a General Meeting of Shareholders.Each B share can be converted into an A share at the request of the holder of the B share or  with respect to nominee-registered shares  at the request of the nominee under whose name the shares are registered in the Shareholders’ Register. The conversion request shall be made in writing to the Company. The request shall specify the number of shares to be converted and the book-entry securities account where the shares are to be entered. The Company may request that an entry be made in the shareholders’ book-entry securities account during the conversion procedure restricting the owner’s right of disposal. Any decisions on conversion and related details shall be made by the Board of Directors or the Board’s authorised representative.”14 §The Board of Directors proposes that article 14 § of the company’s articles of association is amended such that the matters to be addressed in the Annual General Meeting are supplemented in accordance with the Finnish Companies Act such that the Annual General Meeting shall decide on the remuneration policy for governing bodies  when necessary  and decide on the acceptance of the remuneration report for governing bodies. Further  the numbering of current subsections 6–10 shall be changed accordingly due to the above-mentioned amendments. Additionally  the Board of Directors proposes that subsection 1 is supplemented with a reference to the reception of the Report of the Board of Directors and subsection 4 is amended to correspond to the wording of the Finnish Companies Act.In its amended form  said article would read as follows:“The Annual General Meeting shallreceive1. the Financial Statements and the Report of the Board of Directors 2. the Auditors' Reportdecide on3. the acceptance of the Financial Statements4. the use of the profit shown on the balance sheet5. the release from liability of the members of the Board of Directors and the Managing Director6. the Remuneration Policy for Governing Bodies  when necessary7. the acceptance of the Remuneration Report for Governing Bodies8. the number of members of the Board of Directors and their fees9. the fees of the Auditorelect10. the members of the Board of Directors11. the Auditordiscuss12. any other business on the meeting agenda.”18. Amending article 11 § of the company’s articles of associationThe Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that the Annual General Meeting resolves to amend article 11 § of the company’s articles of association such that  should the Board of Directors so decide  General Meetings may be convened as a so-called hybrid or remote meeting.In its amended form  said article would read as follows:“The Company’s shareholders exercise their decision-making power with respect to the Company’s affairs at a General Meeting of Shareholders. General Meetings are held in Helsinki.The Board of Directors may decide that participation in the General Meeting is also permitted such that a shareholder exercises their full decision-making power during the General Meeting using a remote connection and technical means.The Board of Directors may also decide to convene a General Meeting without a physical venue such that the shareholders exercise their full decision-making power in real time using a remote connection and technical means during the General Meeting.To be entitled to attend a General Meeting  a shareholder must give notification of his/her intention to attend to the Company no later than on the date mentioned in the meeting notice  which may be no earlier than ten days prior to the meeting.”19. Authorising the Board of Directors to decide on the repurchase of the company’s own sharesThe Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting authorise the Board to resolve to repurchase  on one or several occasions  a maximum of 50 000 000 Sampo plc A shares  representing approximately 9.7 per cent of all outstanding Sampo plc A shares. However  conditional upon the Annual General Meeting approving the proposal made to it by the Board of Directors regarding the authorisation for the Board of Directors to resolve upon a share issue without payment (share split) in accordance with agenda item 20  and the Board of Directors resolving on the share issue without payment  a maximum of 300 000 000 Sampo plc A shares may be repurchased  representing approximately 9.7 per cent of all outstanding Sampo plc A shares after the shares issued in a share issue without payment in accordance with agenda item 20 have been registered. The repurchased shares will be cancelled.The shares may be repurchased either through an offer to all shareholders on equal terms or through other means and otherwise than in proportion to the existing shareholdings of the company’s shareholders (directed repurchase) if the Board of Directors deems that there are weighty financial reasons for such directed repurchase. Directed repurchases may be carried out  among others  through open market purchases  participation in accelerated book-building processes or through arranging reversed accelerated book-building processes.The purchase price per share shall be no more thanthe highest price paid for the company’s shares in public trading on the day of the repurchase or the offer to repurchase the company’s own shares  or alternatively  the average of the share prices (volume weighted average price on the regulated markets where the company’s share is admitted to trading) during the five trading days preceding the repurchase or the offer to repurchase the company’s own shares  retroactively taking into consideration the effect of an increased aggregate number of shares pursuant to the possible share issue without payment.The lowest purchase price per share shall be the price that is a maximum of 20 per cent lower than the lowest price paid for the company’s shares in public trading during the validity of this authorisation until the repurchase or the offer to repurchase the company’s own shares  retroactively taking into consideration the effect of an increased aggregate number of shares pursuant to the possible share issue without payment.It is proposed that the authorisation be valid until the close of the next Annual General Meeting  however no longer than 18 months from the Annual General Meeting's decision.20. Authorising the Board of Directors to resolve upon a share issue without paymentThe Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that the Annual General Meeting resolves to authorise the Board of Directors to resolve upon a share issue without payment in proportion to shares owned by shareholders (share split) based on the following terms in order to enhance share liquidity. The Board of Directors could then resolve upon the timing and execution of the share issue without payment at its discretion and based on the then prevailing market conditions  for example also considering the potential completion of the partial demerger of Sampo plc as proposed by the Board of Directors under agenda item 16.Based on the proposed authorisation  the Board of Directors could resolve to issue new shares to all shareholders without payment in proportion to their holdings so that a maximum of five (5) new A shares would be issued for each current A share and a maximum of five (5) new B shares would be issued for each current B share. The Board of Directors would be authorised to decide the exact amount of new shares issued for each A share and each B share within the limits of the proposed maximum number of new shares such that the ratio of current shares to new shares would be the same for both classes of shares. Based on the number of shares on the date of this Notice  a maximum of 2 554 888 845 new A shares and a maximum of 1 000 000 new B shares would be issued. The shares would be issued to shareholders who would be registered in the Company’s shareholders’ register maintained by Euroclear Finland Oy on the record date of the share issue. The share issue without payment would be executed in the book-entry system and would not require any action from the shareholders. The new A shares would be converted into SDRs in accordance with sections 7.1 and 7.2 of the General Terms and Conditions for the SDRs and would not require any action from SDR holders. The new shares would generate shareholders rights as of when they have been registered in the trade register.The Board of Directors would be authorised to decide on the record date of the share issue in accordance with applicable and valid legislation. The authorisation is proposed to remain valid until the next Annual General Meeting of Sampo plc  however at the latest until 30 June 2024.21. Closing of the meetingB. Documents of the Annual General MeetingThe proposals for decisions on the items on the agenda of the Annual General Meeting  the demerger plan relating to agenda item 16 as well as this Notice are available on Sampo plc’s website at www.sampo.com/agm . The Financial Statements  the Report of the Board of Directors  the Auditor’s Report and the Remuneration Report for Governing Bodies for the financial year 2022 will be made available at www.sampo.com/year2022 on week 14 at the latest. The proposals for decisions and the other above-mentioned documents are also available at the meeting. Copies of these documents and of this Notice will be sent to shareholders upon request. The minutes of the meeting will be available at www.sampo.com/agm on 31 May 2023 at the latest.C. Instructions for the participants in the Annual General Meeting1. Shareholders registered in the shareholders’ registerEach shareholder who is registered on 5 May 2023 in the shareholders’ register of Sampo plc held by Euroclear Finland Oy has the right to participate in the Annual General Meeting. A shareholder  whose shares are registered on their personal Finnish book-entry account  is registered in the shareholders’ register of the company.The registration for the AGM will commence on 11 April 2023 at 10.00 a.m. A shareholder who is registered in the shareholders’ register of the company and who wants to participate in the Annual General Meeting shall register for the meeting by 4.00 pm on 10 May 2023 by giving a prior notice of participation  which must be received by the company no later than on the above-mentioned date.Such notice can be given:On the company’s website at www.sampo.com/agmFor natural persons  electronic registration requires secure strong electronic authentication with personal online banking credentials or a mobile certificate. For shareholders that are legal entities  electronic registration does not require strong electronic authentication. However  the shareholder shall provide its business ID  number of its book-entry account and other required information. If a shareholder that is a legal entity uses the electronic Suomi.fi authorisation  the registration requires strong electronic authentication with online banking credentials or a mobile certificate.By email to yhtiokokous@euroclear.eu or regular mail to Euroclear Finland Oy  Annual General Meeting / Sampo plc  P.O. Box 1110  00101 Helsinki  Finland. By telephone +358 20 770 6907 Mon-Fri 9.00 am-4.00 pm;Registration must be received by 4.00 pm on Wednesday 10 May 2023 irrespective of the method of registration.In connection with the registration  the shareholder shall notify their name  personal identification number or business ID  address  telephone number  as well as the name of a possible assistant  proxy representative or statutory representative  and the personal identification number of the proxy representative or statutory representative. When registering a proxy on the internet the shareholder's book-entry account number is also required.The personal data given to Sampo plc is used only in connection with the Annual General Meeting and with the processing of related registrations.The shareholder  their authorized representative or proxy representative shall  where necessary  be able to prove their identity and/or right of representation at the Annual General Meeting.2. Holder of nominee-registered sharesHolders of nominee-registered shares have the right to participate in the Annual General Meeting by virtue of shares based on which they would be entitled to be registered in the shareholders’ register of the company held by Euroclear Finland Oy on 5 May 2023. In addition  the right to participate in the Annual General Meeting requires that the shareholder has been registered on the basis of such shares into the temporary shareholders’ register held by Euroclear Finland Oy at the latest by 10.00 am on 12 May 2023. As regards nominee-registered shares  this constitutes a due registration for the Annual General Meeting.A holder of nominee-registered shares is advised to request without delay necessary instructions regarding the registration in the temporary shareholders’ register of the company  the issuing of proxy documents and registration for the Annual General Meeting from their custodian bank. The account management organisation of the custodian bank shall register a holder of nominee-registered shares who wants to participate in the Annual General Meeting into the temporary shareholders’ register of the company at the latest by the date stated above.Further information on these matters can also be found on the company’s website www.sampo.com/agm .3. Holder of Swedish depository receiptsHolders of Swedish depository receipts have the right to participate in the Annual General Meeting by virtue of shares represented by the SDRs based on which they would be entitled to be registered in the shareholders’ register of the company held by Euroclear Finland Oy on 5 May 2023. In addition  the right to participate in the Annual General Meeting requires that the shareholder has been registered  on the basis of such shares represented by the SDRs  into the temporary shareholders’ register held by Euroclear Finland Oy at the latest by 10.00 am on 12 May 2023  and the request regarding such registration must be delivered to the issuer of the Swedish depository receipts and all necessary actions taken at the latest by 10.00 am on 9 May 2023. As regards holders of Swedish depository receipts  this constitutes a due registration for the Annual General Meeting.A holder of Swedish depository receipts is advised to request without delay necessary instructions regarding the registration in the temporary shareholders’ register of the company and the issuing of proxy documents from their custodian bank which the holder of the Swedish depository receipts has appointed to hold the Swedish depository receipts on their account. The account management organisation of said custodian bank shall register a holder of Swedish depositary receipts who wants to participate in the Annual General Meeting into the temporary shareholders’ register of the company at the latest by 10.00 am on 12 May 2023.Further information on these matters can also be found on the company’s website www.sampo.com/agm .4. Proxy representative and powers of attorneyA shareholder may participate in the Annual General Meeting and exercise their rights at the meeting by way of proxy representation. A proxy representative shall produce a dated proxy document or otherwise in a reliable manner demonstrate their right to represent the shareholder at the Annual General Meeting. When a shareholder participates in the Annual General Meeting by means of several proxy representatives representing the shareholder with shares on different securities accounts  the shares by which each proxy representative represents the shareholder shall be identified in connection with the registration for the Annual General Meeting.Possible proxy documents shall be delivered primarily through email to agm@sampo.fi or as originals to the address Sampo plc  AGM  Fabianinkatu 27  00100 Helsinki  Finland before the end of the registration period.Delivering of a proxy to the company prior to the end of the registration period is considered as registration for the meeting if all required information for registration described above is given.Shareholders who are legal entities may also use the electronic Suomi.fi authorisation service instead of a traditional authorisation. In such case  the legal entity authorises a representative in the Suomi.fi service at www.suomi.fi/e-authorizations by using the category “Representation at a general meeting”. The representative shall in connection with the registration to Euroclear Finland Oy’s general meeting service identify oneself through strong electronic identification. After that  the electronic authorisation will be proofed automatically. Online banking credentials or a mobile certificate may be used for strong electronic identification. More information is available at www.suomi.fi/e-authorizations and Sampo plc’s website at www.sampo.com/agm .5. Other instructions and informationPursuant to Chapter 5  Section 25 of the Finnish Companies Act  a shareholder who is present at the Annual General Meeting has the right to request information with respect to the items to be considered at the meeting.Any changes in the ownership of shares that have occurred after the record date of the Annual General Meeting do not affect the right to participate in nor the number of votes of the shareholder at the Annual General Meeting.On the date of this Notice of the Annual General Meeting  31 March 2023  the total number of shares in Sampo plc is 510 977 769 A shares  representing 510 977 769 votes  and 200 000 B shares  representing 1 000 000 votes  i.e. a total of 511 177 769 shares and 511 977 769 votes. At the Annual General Meeting  each A share carries one vote and each B share carries five votes.Helsinki  31 March 2023SAMPO PLCBoard of DirectorsDistribution:Nasdaq HelsinkiNasdaq StockholmLondon Stock ExchangeThe principal mediaFinancial Supervisory Authoritywww.sampo.comThis document is not an offer for sale of securities. The Mandatum plc shares referred to herein have not been  and will not be  registered under the US Securities Act of 1933 and may only be offered or sold pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements thereof. This document shall not be published or disseminated  in whole or in part  directly or indirectly  in Australia  Canada  Hongkong  Japan  New Zealand  South Africa or Singapore or any other country where publication or dissemination would be unlawful. This document is not an offer to sell or solicitation of an offer to buy securities in any such jurisdiction where such offer  solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration  exemption from registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such jurisdiction.,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'Sampo plc', 'Notice', 'SAMPO PLC STOCK EXCHANGE RELEASE', 'next Annual General Meeting', 'Sampo plc A shares', 'Björn Wahlroos', 'Euroclear Sweden AB', 'possible transfer tax', 'Antti Mäkinen', 'depository receipt holders', 'following annual fees', 'potential statutory social', 'Swedish depository receipts', 'Euroclear Finland Oy', 'The Remuneration Report', 'A. Items', 'securities depository', 'following items', 'Swedish Krona', 'potential completion', 'Convention Centre', 'Financial Statements', 'financial year', 'balance sheet', 'record date', 'settlement register', 'Governing Bodies', 'public trading', '50 per cent', 'pension costs', 'Christian Clausen', 'Fiona Clutterbuck', 'Georg Ehrnrooth', 'Jannica Fagerholm', 'Johanna Lamminen', 'Steve Langan', 'Risto Murto', 'Markus Rauramo', 'Annica Witschard', 'partial demerger', 'sufficient time', 'Remuneration Committee', 'Audit Committee', 'Helsinki Exhibition', 'Group CEO', 'company shares', 'ten members', 'current members', 'new members', 'shareholders’ register', 'Vice Chair', 'The Board', 'advisory resolution', 'Board members', '511,177,769 shares', 'March', 'Notice', 'Wednesday', 'May', 'halls', 'Messuaukio', 'reception', 'serving', 'coffee', '12.00 noon', 'position', 'Directors', 'AGM', 'event', 'Finnish', 'interpretation', 'English', 'recording', 'interview', 'website', 'agenda', 'Opening', 'Election', 'persons', 'minutes', 'counting', 'votes', 'legality', 'attendance', 'adoption', 'list', 'Presentation', 'Auditor', 'Review', 'profit', 'payment', 'treasury', 'sake', 'clarity', 'issuer', 'discharge', 'liability', 'Consideration', 'week', 'Nomination', 'close', 'Committees', 'accordance', 'price', 'deduction', 'taxes', 'acquisition', 'number', 'term', 'duties', '9.30', '12:45', '22', '10.']",2023-03-31,2023-04-01,marketscreener.com
21895,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/03/31/2638375/0/en/Sampo-plc-Notice-of-the-Annual-General-Meeting.html,Sampo plc: Notice of the Annual General Meeting,SAMPO PLC                        STOCK EXCHANGE RELEASE                  31 March 2023 at 9.30 am          Sampo plc: Notice of the Annual General Meeting...,English FinnishSAMPO PLC STOCK EXCHANGE RELEASE 31 March 2023 at 9.30 amSampo plc: Notice of the Annual General MeetingNotice is given to the shareholders of Sampo plc of the Annual General Meeting to be held on Wednesday  17 May 2023 at 2.00 pm (EEST) at Helsinki Exhibition and Convention Centre  halls 5ab  Messuaukio 1  00520 Helsinki  Finland. The reception of shareholders who have registered for the meeting and serving of coffee prior to the meeting will start at 12.00 noon.Björn Wahlroos  who is stepping down from his position as the Chair of the Board of Directors of Sampo plc will be interviewed before the AGM at 12:45 pm. The event will be in Finnish (interpretation in English) and open to those who have registered to the AGM. The recording of the interview will be later available at the company’s website at www.sampo.com/agm .A. Items on the agenda of the Annual General MeetingAt the Annual General Meeting  the following items will be considered:1. Opening of the meeting2. Calling the meeting to order3. Election of persons to scrutinise the minutes and to supervise the counting of votes4. Recording the legality of the meeting5. Recording the attendance at the meeting and adoption of the list of votes6. Presentation of the Financial Statements  Report of the Board of Directors and the Auditor’s Report for the financial year 2022Review by the Group CEOAuditor’s Report presented by the Auditor7. Adoption of the Financial Statements8. Resolution on the use of the profit shown on the balance sheet and the payment of dividendThe Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting a dividend of EUR 2.60 per share for the company's 511 177 769 shares  which are not held in treasury by the company on the record date of the dividend payment. The dividend will be paid to a shareholder registered in the shareholders’ register held by Euroclear Finland Oy on the record date of the dividend payment i.e. 22 May 2023. The Board proposes that the dividend be paid on 31 May 2023.For the sake of clarity  it is noted that the issuer of the Swedish depository receipts shall ensure that the dividend is paid to the depository receipt holders registered in the securities depository and settlement register maintained by Euroclear Sweden AB as at the record date of 22 May 2023  which payment shall be made in Swedish Krona.9. Resolution on the discharge of the members of the Board of Directors and the CEO from liability for the financial year 202210. Consideration of the Remuneration Report for Governing BodiesThe Board of Directors proposes that the Remuneration Report for the company's governing bodies for the financial year 2022 be adopted through an advisory resolution.The Remuneration Report for Governing Bodies will be made available on Sampo plc’s website at www.sampo.com/agm on week 14 at the latest. The resolution on the Remuneration Report is advisory.11. Resolution on the remuneration of the members of the Board of DirectorsThe Nomination and Remuneration Committee of the Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that each member of the Board of Directors be paid an annual fee of EUR 101 000 until the close of the next Annual General Meeting and the Chair of the Board be paid EUR 228 000. Furthermore  the Nomination and Remuneration Committee proposes that the members of the Board of Directors and its Committees be paid the following annual fees:the Vice Chair of the Board be paid EUR 30 000 the Chair of the Audit Committee be paid EUR 28 000  andeach member of the Audit Committee be paid EUR 6 400.A Board member shall  in accordance with the resolution of the Annual General Meeting  acquire Sampo plc A shares at the price paid in public trading for 50 per cent of his/her annual fee after the deduction of taxes  payments and potential statutory social and pension costs. The company will pay any possible transfer tax related to the acquisition of the company shares.12. Resolution on the number of members of the Board of DirectorsThe Nomination and Remuneration Committee of the Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that the number of Board members be increased by one and that ten members be elected to the Board.13. Election of the members of the Board of DirectorsThe Nomination and Remuneration Committee of the Board of Directors proposes that the current members of the Board Christian Clausen  Fiona Clutterbuck  Georg Ehrnrooth  Jannica Fagerholm  Johanna Lamminen  Steve Langan  Risto Murto and Markus Rauramo be re-elected for a term continuing until the close of the next Annual General Meeting. The Committee proposes that Antti Mäkinen and Annica Witschard be elected as new members to the Board. Johanna Lamminen has notified the Committee that she will no longer continue on the Board upon the potential completion of the partial demerger of Sampo plc as proposed by the Board of Directors under agenda item 16  so that she may devote sufficient time to her duties.All the proposed Board members have been determined to be independent of the company and its major shareholders under the rules of the Finnish Corporate Governance Code 2020.The CVs of all persons proposed as Board members are available at www.sampo.com/agm .14. Resolution on the remuneration of the AuditorThe Audit Committee of the Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that compensation be paid to the company’s Auditor against an invoice approved by the company.15. Election of the AuditorThe Audit Committee of the Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that the firm of authorised public accountants Deloitte Ltd be re-elected as the company’s auditor for the financial year 2023. If Deloitte Ltd is elected as Sampo plc’s auditor  the firm has announced that APA Jukka Vattulainen will continue as the auditor with principal responsibility.16. Partial demerger of Sampo plcThe Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting resolve to approve the partial demerger of Sampo plc in accordance with the demerger plan approved and signed by the Board of Directors of Sampo plc on 29 March 2023 and approves the demerger plan so that  as part of the demerger resolution  the Annual General Meeting would also resolve  conditionally upon the registration of the completion of the demerger on the matters presented below. The demerger plan is available on Sampo plc’s website at www.sampo.com/agm .Pursuant to the demerger plan  Sampo plc will demerge in a partial demerger so that all of the shares in Mandatum Holding Ltd (a wholly-owned direct subsidiary of Sampo plc) owned by Sampo plc and related assets and liabilities will transfer without a liquidation procedure to Mandatum plc  a company to be incorporated in the demerger.The purpose of the demerger is to implement the divestment of the life insurance  wealth management business and related operations carried out by Mandatum Holding Ltd through its direct and indirect subsidiaries in order to form a new independent group of companies. The planned date of registration of the completion of the partial demerger is 1 October 2023 (the “Effective Date”). The actual Effective Date may change from said planned date in accordance with the demerger plan.However  despite the resolution of the General Meeting  the Board of Directors of Sampo plc may resolve to not complete the demerger if at any time prior to the completion of the demerger there exists in the view of the Board of Directors of Sampo plc grounds due to which such non-completion would be appropriate.In accordance to the demerger plan  the shareholders of Sampo plc shall receive as demerger consideration one (1) new share in Mandatum plc for each share (regardless of share class) owned in Sampo plc  i.e. the demerger consideration shall be issued to the shareholders of Sampo plc in proportion to their shareholdings with a ratio of 1:1. For the sake of clarity  the demerger consideration shall be delivered through the book-entry system without any separate action being required from the shareholders of Sampo plc in relation thereto.The shares in Mandatum plc are intended to be admitted to trading on the official list of Nasdaq Helsinki Ltd. Trading is intended to begin on the Effective Date  or in case the Effective Date does not fall on a trading day  the first potential trading day following the Effective Date.As part of the demerger resolution the Annual General Meeting resolves on  conditional upon the registration of the completion of the demerger:The establishment of Mandatum plc and the approval of its articles of associationThe receiving company in the demerger is established in connection with the registration of the completion of the demerger. It has been proposed that the trade name of the company be Mandatum Oyj (in English: Mandatum plc)  and the company’s proposed articles of association are included in full as an appendix to the demerger plan.The proposed articles of association of Mandatum plc are  to the extent applicable  based on Sampo plc’s currently valid Articles of Association  taking into consideration the amendments proposed to the Articles of Association in agenda items 17 and 18 below.The composition of Mandatum plc’s Board of Directors and the selection of its auditor as well as their remunerationAccording to the proposed articles of association of Mandatum plc  the Board of Directors of Mandatum plc shall consist of three (3) to ten (10) members. It is proposed that Mandatum plc’s Board of Directors is elected in accordance with the demerger plan approved and signed by Sampo plc’s Board of Directors on 29 March 2023  wherein the composition of the Board of Directors of Mandatum plc is described in detail.The term of such members of the Board of Directors shall commence on the Effective Date and shall expire at the end of the first Annual General Meeting of Mandatum plc following the Effective Date. The Board of Directors of Mandatum plc may however take certain decisions on behalf of Mandatum plc already prior to the Effective Date  as set forth in the demerger plan.Prior to assuming the duties of a Board member of Mandatum plc  each such person must fulfil the Fitness & Propriety requirements set by the Finnish Financial Supervisory Authority.It is proposed that each member of the Board of Directors of Mandatum plc be remunerated in accordance with the demerger plan approved and signed by Sampo plc’s Board of Directors on 29 March 2023.According to the proposed articles of association of Mandatum plc  Mandatum plc shall have one (1) auditor which must be an auditing firm authorised by the Finnish Patent and Registration Office. In accordance with the demerger plan approved and signed by Sampo plc's Board of Directors on 29 March 2023  it is therefore proposed that the firm of authorised public accountants Deloitte Ltd be elected as the Mandatum plc’s auditor for the financial year 2023. If Deloitte Ltd is elected as Mandatum plc’s auditor  the firm has announced that APA Reeta Virolainen will act as the auditor with principal responsibility. APA Reeta Virolainen has acted as Mandatum Group’s principally responsible auditor since 2021. Sampo plc’s Board of Directors also proposes that compensation be paid to Mandatum plc’s auditor against an invoice approved by Mandatum plc.The establishment of a shareholders’ nomination board for Mandatum plcIt is proposed to establish a shareholders’ nomination board for Mandatum plc in accordance with the demerger plan approved and signed by Sampo plc’s Board of Directors on 29 March 2023.Resolutions that are conditional on the completion of the demerger will enter into force in connection with the registration of the completion of the demerger.17. Amending articles 3 §  4 § and 14 § of the company’s articles of associationThe Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that the Annual General Meeting resolves to amend the company’s articles of association in accordance with the following and such that articles 3–4 § and 14 § are amended as set out below.3 § Business area of the CompanyThe Board of Directors proposes that article 3 § of the company’s articles of association is amended in accordance with the Sampo Group strategy announced on 24 February 2021 to reflect the company’s current strategy and main business area.In its amended form  said article would read as follows:“The Company operates as the parent company of Sampo Group  which has its focus on P&C insurance. The Company sets the Group’s strategy and capital management framework and carries out centrally-managed Group tasks. The Company may also own and manage shares  other securities and properties  and to engage in securities trading and other investment activities.”4 § Classes of sharesThe Board of Directors proposes that article 4 § of the company’s articles of association is amended pursuant to the proposed authorisation for the Board of Directors to resolve upon a share issue without payment (share split) in agenda item 20  which necessitates a deletion of the minimum and maximum amounts set for the Company’s A and B shares.In its amended form  said article would read as follows:“The shares are divided into A and B classes  with each A share entitling its holder to one vote and each B share entitling its holder to five votes at a General Meeting of Shareholders.Each B share can be converted into an A share at the request of the holder of the B share or  with respect to nominee-registered shares  at the request of the nominee under whose name the shares are registered in the Shareholders’ Register. The conversion request shall be made in writing to the Company. The request shall specify the number of shares to be converted and the book-entry securities account where the shares are to be entered. The Company may request that an entry be made in the shareholders’ book-entry securities account during the conversion procedure restricting the owner’s right of disposal. Any decisions on conversion and related details shall be made by the Board of Directors or the Board’s authorised representative.”14 §The Board of Directors proposes that article 14 § of the company’s articles of association is amended such that the matters to be addressed in the Annual General Meeting are supplemented in accordance with the Finnish Companies Act such that the Annual General Meeting shall decide on the remuneration policy for governing bodies  when necessary  and decide on the acceptance of the remuneration report for governing bodies. Further  the numbering of current subsections 6–10 shall be changed accordingly due to the above-mentioned amendments. Additionally  the Board of Directors proposes that subsection 1 is supplemented with a reference to the reception of the Report of the Board of Directors and subsection 4 is amended to correspond to the wording of the Finnish Companies Act.In its amended form  said article would read as follows:“The Annual General Meeting shallreceive1. the Financial Statements and the Report of the Board of Directors 2. the Auditors' Reportdecide on3. the acceptance of the Financial Statements4. the use of the profit shown on the balance sheet5. the release from liability of the members of the Board of Directors and the Managing Director6. the Remuneration Policy for Governing Bodies  when necessary7. the acceptance of the Remuneration Report for Governing Bodies8. the number of members of the Board of Directors and their fees9. the fees of the Auditorelect10. the members of the Board of Directors11. the Auditordiscuss12. any other business on the meeting agenda.”18. Amending article 11 § of the company’s articles of associationThe Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that the Annual General Meeting resolves to amend article 11 § of the company’s articles of association such that  should the Board of Directors so decide  General Meetings may be convened as a so-called hybrid or remote meeting.In its amended form  said article would read as follows:“The Company’s shareholders exercise their decision-making power with respect to the Company’s affairs at a General Meeting of Shareholders. General Meetings are held in Helsinki.The Board of Directors may decide that participation in the General Meeting is also permitted such that a shareholder exercises their full decision-making power during the General Meeting using a remote connection and technical means.The Board of Directors may also decide to convene a General Meeting without a physical venue such that the shareholders exercise their full decision-making power in real time using a remote connection and technical means during the General Meeting.To be entitled to attend a General Meeting  a shareholder must give notification of his/her intention to attend to the Company no later than on the date mentioned in the meeting notice  which may be no earlier than ten days prior to the meeting.”19. Authorising the Board of Directors to decide on the repurchase of the company’s own sharesThe Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting authorise the Board to resolve to repurchase  on one or several occasions  a maximum of 50 000 000 Sampo plc A shares  representing approximately 9.7 per cent of all outstanding Sampo plc A shares. However  conditional upon the Annual General Meeting approving the proposal made to it by the Board of Directors regarding the authorisation for the Board of Directors to resolve upon a share issue without payment (share split) in accordance with agenda item 20  and the Board of Directors resolving on the share issue without payment  a maximum of 300 000 000 Sampo plc A shares may be repurchased  representing approximately 9.7 per cent of all outstanding Sampo plc A shares after the shares issued in a share issue without payment in accordance with agenda item 20 have been registered. The repurchased shares will be cancelled.The shares may be repurchased either through an offer to all shareholders on equal terms or through other means and otherwise than in proportion to the existing shareholdings of the company’s shareholders (directed repurchase) if the Board of Directors deems that there are weighty financial reasons for such directed repurchase. Directed repurchases may be carried out  among others  through open market purchases  participation in accelerated book-building processes or through arranging reversed accelerated book-building processes.The purchase price per share shall be no more thanthe highest price paid for the company’s shares in public trading on the day of the repurchase or the offer to repurchase the company’s own shares  or alternatively  the average of the share prices (volume weighted average price on the regulated markets where the company’s share is admitted to trading) during the five trading days preceding the repurchase or the offer to repurchase the company’s own shares  retroactively taking into consideration the effect of an increased aggregate number of shares pursuant to the possible share issue without payment.The lowest purchase price per share shall be the price that is a maximum of 20 per cent lower than the lowest price paid for the company’s shares in public trading during the validity of this authorisation until the repurchase or the offer to repurchase the company’s own shares  retroactively taking into consideration the effect of an increased aggregate number of shares pursuant to the possible share issue without payment.It is proposed that the authorisation be valid until the close of the next Annual General Meeting  however no longer than 18 months from the Annual General Meeting's decision.20. Authorising the Board of Directors to resolve upon a share issue without paymentThe Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that the Annual General Meeting resolves to authorise the Board of Directors to resolve upon a share issue without payment in proportion to shares owned by shareholders (share split) based on the following terms in order to enhance share liquidity. The Board of Directors could then resolve upon the timing and execution of the share issue without payment at its discretion and based on the then prevailing market conditions  for example also considering the potential completion of the partial demerger of Sampo plc as proposed by the Board of Directors under agenda item 16.Based on the proposed authorisation  the Board of Directors could resolve to issue new shares to all shareholders without payment in proportion to their holdings so that a maximum of five (5) new A shares would be issued for each current A share and a maximum of five (5) new B shares would be issued for each current B share. The Board of Directors would be authorised to decide the exact amount of new shares issued for each A share and each B share within the limits of the proposed maximum number of new shares such that the ratio of current shares to new shares would be the same for both classes of shares. Based on the number of shares on the date of this Notice  a maximum of 2 554 888 845 new A shares and a maximum of 1 000 000 new B shares would be issued. The shares would be issued to shareholders who would be registered in the Company’s shareholders’ register maintained by Euroclear Finland Oy on the record date of the share issue. The share issue without payment would be executed in the book-entry system and would not require any action from the shareholders. The new A shares would be converted into SDRs in accordance with sections 7.1 and 7.2 of the General Terms and Conditions for the SDRs and would not require any action from SDR holders. The new shares would generate shareholders rights as of when they have been registered in the trade register.The Board of Directors would be authorised to decide on the record date of the share issue in accordance with applicable and valid legislation. The authorisation is proposed to remain valid until the next Annual General Meeting of Sampo plc  however at the latest until 30 June 2024.21. Closing of the meetingB. Documents of the Annual General MeetingThe proposals for decisions on the items on the agenda of the Annual General Meeting  the demerger plan relating to agenda item 16 as well as this Notice are available on Sampo plc’s website at www.sampo.com/agm . The Financial Statements  the Report of the Board of Directors  the Auditor’s Report and the Remuneration Report for Governing Bodies for the financial year 2022 will be made available at www.sampo.com/year2022 on week 14 at the latest. The proposals for decisions and the other above-mentioned documents are also available at the meeting. Copies of these documents and of this Notice will be sent to shareholders upon request. The minutes of the meeting will be available at www.sampo.com/agm on 31 May 2023 at the latest.C. Instructions for the participants in the Annual General Meeting1. Shareholders registered in the shareholders’ registerEach shareholder who is registered on 5 May 2023 in the shareholders’ register of Sampo plc held by Euroclear Finland Oy has the right to participate in the Annual General Meeting. A shareholder  whose shares are registered on their personal Finnish book-entry account  is registered in the shareholders’ register of the company.The registration for the AGM will commence on 11 April 2023 at 10.00 a.m. A shareholder who is registered in the shareholders’ register of the company and who wants to participate in the Annual General Meeting shall register for the meeting by 4.00 pm on 10 May 2023 by giving a prior notice of participation  which must be received by the company no later than on the above-mentioned date.Such notice can be given:On the company’s website at www.sampo.com/agmFor natural persons  electronic registration requires secure strong electronic authentication with personal online banking credentials or a mobile certificate. For shareholders that are legal entities  electronic registration does not require strong electronic authentication. However  the shareholder shall provide its business ID  number of its book-entry account and other required information. If a shareholder that is a legal entity uses the electronic Suomi.fi authorisation  the registration requires strong electronic authentication with online banking credentials or a mobile certificate.By email to yhtiokokous@euroclear.eu or regular mail to Euroclear Finland Oy  Annual General Meeting / Sampo plc  P.O. Box 1110  00101 Helsinki  Finland. By telephone +358 20 770 6907 Mon-Fri 9.00 am-4.00 pm;Registration must be received by 4.00 pm on Wednesday 10 May 2023 irrespective of the method of registration.In connection with the registration  the shareholder shall notify their name  personal identification number or business ID  address  telephone number  as well as the name of a possible assistant  proxy representative or statutory representative  and the personal identification number of the proxy representative or statutory representative. When registering a proxy on the internet the shareholder's book-entry account number is also required.The personal data given to Sampo plc is used only in connection with the Annual General Meeting and with the processing of related registrations.The shareholder  their authorized representative or proxy representative shall  where necessary  be able to prove their identity and/or right of representation at the Annual General Meeting.2. Holder of nominee-registered sharesHolders of nominee-registered shares have the right to participate in the Annual General Meeting by virtue of shares based on which they would be entitled to be registered in the shareholders’ register of the company held by Euroclear Finland Oy on 5 May 2023. In addition  the right to participate in the Annual General Meeting requires that the shareholder has been registered on the basis of such shares into the temporary shareholders’ register held by Euroclear Finland Oy at the latest by 10.00 am on 12 May 2023. As regards nominee-registered shares  this constitutes a due registration for the Annual General Meeting.A holder of nominee-registered shares is advised to request without delay necessary instructions regarding the registration in the temporary shareholders’ register of the company  the issuing of proxy documents and registration for the Annual General Meeting from their custodian bank. The account management organisation of the custodian bank shall register a holder of nominee-registered shares who wants to participate in the Annual General Meeting into the temporary shareholders’ register of the company at the latest by the date stated above.Further information on these matters can also be found on the company’s website www.sampo.com/agm .3. Holder of Swedish depository receiptsHolders of Swedish depository receipts have the right to participate in the Annual General Meeting by virtue of shares represented by the SDRs based on which they would be entitled to be registered in the shareholders’ register of the company held by Euroclear Finland Oy on 5 May 2023. In addition  the right to participate in the Annual General Meeting requires that the shareholder has been registered  on the basis of such shares represented by the SDRs  into the temporary shareholders’ register held by Euroclear Finland Oy at the latest by 10.00 am on 12 May 2023  and the request regarding such registration must be delivered to the issuer of the Swedish depository receipts and all necessary actions taken at the latest by 10.00 am on 9 May 2023. As regards holders of Swedish depository receipts  this constitutes a due registration for the Annual General Meeting.A holder of Swedish depository receipts is advised to request without delay necessary instructions regarding the registration in the temporary shareholders’ register of the company and the issuing of proxy documents from their custodian bank which the holder of the Swedish depository receipts has appointed to hold the Swedish depository receipts on their account. The account management organisation of said custodian bank shall register a holder of Swedish depositary receipts who wants to participate in the Annual General Meeting into the temporary shareholders’ register of the company at the latest by 10.00 am on 12 May 2023.Further information on these matters can also be found on the company’s website www.sampo.com/agm .4. Proxy representative and powers of attorneyA shareholder may participate in the Annual General Meeting and exercise their rights at the meeting by way of proxy representation. A proxy representative shall produce a dated proxy document or otherwise in a reliable manner demonstrate their right to represent the shareholder at the Annual General Meeting. When a shareholder participates in the Annual General Meeting by means of several proxy representatives representing the shareholder with shares on different securities accounts  the shares by which each proxy representative represents the shareholder shall be identified in connection with the registration for the Annual General Meeting.Possible proxy documents shall be delivered primarily through email to agm@sampo.fi or as originals to the address Sampo plc  AGM  Fabianinkatu 27  00100 Helsinki  Finland before the end of the registration period.Delivering of a proxy to the company prior to the end of the registration period is considered as registration for the meeting if all required information for registration described above is given.Shareholders who are legal entities may also use the electronic Suomi.fi authorisation service instead of a traditional authorisation. In such case  the legal entity authorises a representative in the Suomi.fi service at www.suomi.fi/e-authorizations by using the category “Representation at a general meeting”. The representative shall in connection with the registration to Euroclear Finland Oy’s general meeting service identify oneself through strong electronic identification. After that  the electronic authorisation will be proofed automatically. Online banking credentials or a mobile certificate may be used for strong electronic identification. More information is available at www.suomi.fi/e-authorizations and Sampo plc’s website at www.sampo.com/agm .5. Other instructions and informationPursuant to Chapter 5  Section 25 of the Finnish Companies Act  a shareholder who is present at the Annual General Meeting has the right to request information with respect to the items to be considered at the meeting.Any changes in the ownership of shares that have occurred after the record date of the Annual General Meeting do not affect the right to participate in nor the number of votes of the shareholder at the Annual General Meeting.On the date of this Notice of the Annual General Meeting  31 March 2023  the total number of shares in Sampo plc is 510 977 769 A shares  representing 510 977 769 votes  and 200 000 B shares  representing 1 000 000 votes  i.e. a total of 511 177 769 shares and 511 977 769 votes. At the Annual General Meeting  each A share carries one vote and each B share carries five votes.Helsinki  31 March 2023SAMPO PLCBoard of DirectorsDistribution:Nasdaq HelsinkiNasdaq StockholmLondon Stock ExchangeThe principal mediaFinancial Supervisory Authoritywww.sampo.comThis document is not an offer for sale of securities. The Mandatum plc shares referred to herein have not been  and will not be  registered under the US Securities Act of 1933 and may only be offered or sold pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements thereof. This document shall not be published or disseminated  in whole or in part  directly or indirectly  in Australia  Canada  Hongkong  Japan  New Zealand  South Africa or Singapore or any other country where publication or dissemination would be unlawful. This document is not an offer to sell or solicitation of an offer to buy securities in any such jurisdiction where such offer  solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration  exemption from registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such jurisdiction.,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'Sampo plc', 'Notice', 'SAMPO PLC STOCK EXCHANGE RELEASE', 'next Annual General Meeting', 'Sampo plc A shares', 'Björn Wahlroos', 'Euroclear Sweden AB', 'possible transfer tax', 'Antti Mäkinen', 'depository receipt holders', 'following annual fees', 'potential statutory social', 'Swedish depository receipts', 'Euroclear Finland Oy', 'The Remuneration Report', 'A. Items', 'securities depository', 'following items', 'Swedish Krona', 'potential completion', 'Convention Centre', 'Financial Statements', 'financial year', 'balance sheet', 'record date', 'settlement register', 'Governing Bodies', 'public trading', '50 per cent', 'pension costs', 'Christian Clausen', 'Fiona Clutterbuck', 'Georg Ehrnrooth', 'Jannica Fagerholm', 'Johanna Lamminen', 'Steve Langan', 'Risto Murto', 'Markus Rauramo', 'Annica Witschard', 'partial demerger', 'sufficient time', 'Remuneration Committee', 'Audit Committee', 'Helsinki Exhibition', 'Group CEO', 'company shares', 'ten members', 'current members', 'new members', 'agenda item', 'shareholders’ register', 'Vice Chair', 'advisory resolution', 'The Board', 'English Finnish', 'Board members', '511,177,769 shares', 'March', 'Notice', 'Wednesday', 'May', 'halls', 'Messuaukio', 'reception', 'serving', 'coffee', '12.00 noon', 'position', 'Directors', 'AGM', 'event', 'interpretation', 'recording', 'interview', 'website', 'Opening', 'Election', 'persons', 'minutes', 'counting', 'votes', 'legality', 'attendance', 'adoption', 'list', 'Presentation', 'Auditor', 'Review', 'profit', 'payment', 'treasury', 'sake', 'clarity', 'issuer', 'discharge', 'liability', 'Consideration', 'week', 'Nomination', 'close', 'Committees', 'accordance', 'price', 'deduction', 'taxes', 'acquisition', 'number', 'term', 'duties', '9.30', '12:45', '22', '10.']",2023-03-31,2023-04-01,globenewswire.com
21896,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/CNOVA-N-V-20366366/news/Cnova-N-Notice-and-Agenda-ndash-Cnova-NV-AGM-2023-43389246/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230331,Cnova N : Notice and Agenda – Cnova NV AGM 2023,(marketscreener.com)   CNOVA N.V.   NOTICE OF 2023 ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING OF SHAREHOLDERS   Notice for the AGM   Notice is hereby given of the annual general meeting of shareholders of Cnova N.V. to be held on Friday May 26  2023  at 12:30 p.m. CES…,"CNOVA N.V.NOTICE OF 2023 ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING OF SHAREHOLDERSNotice for the AGMNotice is hereby given of the annual general meeting of shareholders of Cnova N.V. (the ""Company"") to be held on Friday May 26  2023  at 12:30 p.m. CEST  at Hilton Amsterdam Airport Schiphol Hotel located at Schiphol Boulevard 701  1118 BN  Schiphol Airport  the Netherlands (the ""AGM"").Agenda for the AGMThe agenda for the AGM  as proposed by the Company's Board of Directors (the ""Board"")  is as follows:1. Opening of the AGM2. Board report for the financial year 2022 (discussion item)3. Remuneration report for the financial year 2022 (advisory voting item)4. Allocation of results and dividend policy (discussion item)5. Adoption of the annual accounts for the financial year 2022 (voting item)6. Release from liability of the members of the Board with respect to the performance of their duties during the financial year 2022 (voting item)7. Instruction to KPMG Accountants N.V. for the external audit of the Company's annual accounts for the financial year 2023 (voting item)8. Reappointment of Mrs. Josseline de Clausade as Non-Executive Director (voting item)9. Reappointment of Mr. Christophe José Hidalgo as Non-Executive Director (voting item)10. Authorization of the Board to acquire ordinary shares in the capital of the Company (voting item)11. Delegation of the authority to issue ordinary shares and special voting shares and to grant rights to subscribe for such shares (voting item)12. Delegation of the authority to limit and exclude pre-emption rights in respect of any issue of ordinary shares or any granting of rights to subscribe for such shares (voting item)13. Questions14. Closing of the AGMAvailability of AGM MaterialsCopies of (i) this notice  (ii) the explanatory notes to the agenda for the AGM  (iii) the annual accounts for the financial year 2022 (the ""Annual Accounts"")  (iv) the board report (including the remuneration report) for the financial year 2022 (the ""Board Report"")  (v) the relevant information to be added to the Annual Accounts and the Board Report  as prescribed by Dutch law and (vi) the applicable forms of proxy and forms of proxy cards (the ""AGM Materials"") are made available tothe Company's shareholders (the ""Shareholders"") and others with meeting rights under Dutch law in respect of the Company (""Others with Meeting Rights"") and other interested parties on the Company's website(www.cnova.com)(the ""Website"") and are also available for inspection at the Company's office address (Strawinskylaan 3051  1077 ZX Amsterdam  the Netherlands) (the ""Office Address""). Shareholders and Others with Meeting Rights may obtain copies of these documents free of charge.The Company will ensure that the relevant AGM Materials are also disseminated  as appropriate  to the U.S. beneficial owners holding ordinary shares in the capital of the Company through a bank  broker or other nominee (""U.S. Shareholders"") and French beneficial owners holding ordinary shares in the capital of the Company through a bank  broker or other nominee through Euroclear France (""French Shareholders""). For French Shareholders  Euroclear France will contact the financial intermediary keeping their share account in order for the French Shareholders to obtain the relevant AGM Materials from BNP Paribas  who will centralize the distribution process.Record dateThose who are the Shareholders and Others with Meeting Rights on April 28  2023 (the ""Record Date"") and who are registered as such in the Company's shareholders register (or any part thereof held on the Company's behalf) (the ""Register"") will have the right to attend and  if they have voting rights  vote at the AGM.Record Date RegistrationShareholders and Others with Meeting Rights who are not yet registered in the Register may request their registration in the Register up to and including the Record Date by means of a written request sent either to the Office Address  to the attention of the Board  or by e-mail to investor@cnova.com.Participation in the AGMThose who are Shareholders and Others with Meeting Rights on the Record Date and who are registered as such in the Register may either attend the AGM and  if relevant  vote at the AGM in person  or authorize a third party to attend and  if relevant  vote at the AGM on their behalf through the use of a proxy form  of which a template has been made available on the Website as part of the AGM Materials.U.S. Shareholders and French Shareholders may not vote the ordinary shares beneficially owned by them in person at the AGM  without first having obtained (where appropriate  through the relevant bank  broker or other nominee) a signed proxy from the relevant Shareholder who is registered as the holder of such ordinary shares in the Register on the Record Date  giving the beneficial owner concerned the right to vote the relevant ordinary shares.U.S. Shareholders and French Shareholders (through BNP Paribas) who wish to vote their shares through the use of a proxy form will direct (where appropriate  through the relevant bank  broker or other nominee) American Stock Transfer & Trust Company to vote on their behalf.Proxy cards and proxy forms must be completed U.S. Shareholders and French Shareholders and registered holders holding shares through American Stock Transfer & Trust Company in accordance with the instructions set forth in the templates thereof and must be returned no later than May 23  2023 (the ""Cut-off Date""). Proxy cards and proxy forms received after the Cut-off Date may be disregarded.Shareholders and Others with Meeting Rights who wish to exercise their meeting rights and  if relevant  voting rights at the AGM in person must notify the Company thereof no later than on the Cut-off Date  either in writing (such notice to be sent to the Office Address  to the attention of the Board)  or by sending an e-mail to investor@cnova.com.The aforesaid is applicable to U.S. Shareholders and French Shareholders wishing to attend the AGM in person  provided that such U.S. Shareholders and French Shareholders must obtain and provide a current brokerage statement or other proof of ownership in order to attend and vote at the AGM.The Board of DirectorsMarch 31  2023",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.02,0.96,0.02,True,English,"['Cnova NV AGM', 'Notice', 'Agenda', 'Hilton Amsterdam Airport Schiphol Hotel', 'Mrs. Josseline de Clausade', 'Mr. Christophe José Hidalgo', 'KPMG Accountants N.V.', 'U.S. beneficial owners', 'CNOVA N.V.', 'French beneficial owners', 'other interested parties', 'U.S. Shareholders', '2023 ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING', 'special voting shares', 'advisory voting item', 'relevant ordinary shares', 'Schiphol Airport', 'Record Date Registration', 'relevant AGM Materials', '1077 ZX Amsterdam', 'Schiphol Boulevard', 'relevant information', 'relevant Shareholder', 'annual accounts', 'other nominee', 'meeting rights', 'voting rights', 'financial year', 'Remuneration report', 'external audit', 'Non-Executive Director', 'explanatory notes', 'Dutch law', 'office address', 'Euroclear France', 'financial intermediary', 'share account', 'BNP Paribas', 'distribution process', 'written request', 'third party', 'discussion item', 'relevant bank', 'French Shareholders', 'pre-emption rights', 'proxy cards', 'proxy form', 'applicable forms', 'Board report', 'NOTICE', 'Company', 'Friday', 'May', 'CEST', '1118 BN', 'Netherlands', 'Agenda', 'Directors', 'Opening', 'Allocation', 'results', 'policy', 'Adoption', 'Release', 'liability', 'members', 'respect', 'performance', 'duties', 'Instruction', 'Reappointment', 'Authorization', 'capital', 'Delegation', 'authority', 'issue', 'granting', 'Questions', 'Closing', 'Availability', 'Copies', 'others', 'website', 'inspection', 'Strawinskylaan', 'documents', 'charge', 'broker', 'order', 'April', 'behalf', 'Register', 'means', 'attention', 'mail', 'investor', 'Participation', 'person', 'use', 'template', '12:30', '2.', '8.', '9.']",2023-03-31,2023-04-01,marketscreener.com
21897,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.co.uk/news-releases/notice-of-annual-general-meeting-in-securitas-ab-301786950.html,Notice of Annual General Meeting in Securitas AB,"STOCKHOLM  March 31  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- The shareholders of Securitas AB  Reg. No. 556302-7241  are hereby invited to participate in the Annual General Meeting (""AGM"") to be held at 14.00 CEST on Thursday May 4  2023  at Courtyard Marriott Hotel  Rålambshov…","STOCKHOLM  March 31  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- The shareholders of Securitas AB  Reg. No. 556302-7241  are hereby invited to participate in the Annual General Meeting (""AGM"") to be held at 14.00 CEST on Thursday May 4  2023  at Courtyard Marriott Hotel  Rålambshovsleden 50  Stockholm  Sweden. Registration for the AGM begins at 13.00 CEST  when coffee will be served. The CEO's speech will be posted on the company website after the AGM.Right to participationShareholders who wish to attend the AGM must:(i) be recorded in the share register maintained by Euroclear Sweden AB (""Euroclear"") on Tuesday April 25  2023; and(ii) give notice of their intention to participate no later than Thursday April 27  2023.Such notification may be made (i) via Securitas' website www.securitas.com/agm2023  (ii) by telephone +46 10 470 31 30  or (iii) by mail to Securitas AB (publ)  ""AGM"" c/o Euroclear Sweden AB  Box 191  SE-101 23 Stockholm.On giving notice of attendance  the shareholder shall state name  personal/corporate identity number or equivalent  address and telephone number. As confirmation of the notification  Securitas will send an entry card to be presented at registration for the AGM.Owners with nominee-registered shares must  in order to participate in the proceedings of the AGM  request their bank or broker to have their shares temporarily owner-registered with Euroclear. The share register for the AGM as of the record date Tuesday April 25  2023  will take into account owner-registrations completed no later than Thursday April 27  2023.ProxiesProxy holders and representatives of legal persons shall submit papers of authorization prior to the AGM. Proxy forms are available at the company's website www.securitas.com/agm2023 and will be sent to the shareholders who so request  indicating their mailing address.Proposed agenda1. Opening of the meeting2. Election of Chair of the meeting3. Preparation and approval of the voting list4. Approval of the agenda5. Election of one or two person(s) to approve the minutes6. Determination as to whether the AGM has been duly convened7. The President and CEO's report8. Presentation ofa. the Annual and Sustainability Report and the Auditor's Report and the Consolidated Financial Statements and the Group Auditor's Report b. the statement by the Auditor on the compliance with the guidelines for remuneration to senior management applicable since the last AGM  andc. the Board's proposal for appropriation of the company's profit and the Board's motivated statement thereon9. Resolutions regardinga. adoption of the Statement of Income and the Balance Sheet and the Consolidated Statement of Income and the Consolidated Balance Sheet b. appropriation of the company's profit according to the adopted Balance Sheet c. record date for dividend  andd. discharge of the Board and the President from liability for the financial year 202210. Approval of the Remuneration Report11. Determination of the number of Board members12. Determination of fees to (a) Board members and (b) auditors13. Election of Board members14. Election of Auditors15. Resolution regarding authorization of the Board to resolve on acquisition and transfer of the company's own shares16. Resolution regarding the implementation of a long-term incentive program  including hedging measures by way of a share swap agreement (LTI 2023/2025)17. Closing of the meetingThe Nomination Committee's proposalsItems 2  11-14 – Proposals for election of Chair of the meeting  determination of the number of Board members and fees to the Board members and the Auditors  and election of Board members and AuditorsThe Nomination Committee ahead of the AGM 2023 has consisted of Johan Hjertonsson (Investment AB Latour  Chair of the Nomination Committee)  Mikael Ekdahl (Melker Schörling AB)  Fredrik Åtting (EQT AB) and Henrik Didner (Didner & Gerge Fonder).The reasoned statement of the Nomination Committee  which presents and motivates the below proposals and also reports on the committee's activities  will be held available at the company website  www.securitas.com/agm2023.The Nomination Committee has proposed the following:Jan Svensson   Chair of the Board  shall be elected Chair of the AGM (item 2).  Chair of the Board  shall be elected Chair of the AGM (item 2). The number of Board members shall be nine  with no deputy members (item 11).Fees to the Board members for the period up to and including the AGM 2024 shall amount to SEK 10 689 000 in total (including fees for committee work). The proposed total fees are an increase of approximately 3.6 percent compared with the total fees for the previous year  adjusted for the increased number of Board members that is proposed. It is the Nomination Committee's expectation that part of the fee should be used to increase holdings of Securitas' shares among the Board members. The fees shall be distributed between the Board members as follows: the Chair of the Board shall receive SEK 2 640 000 and each of the other Board members shall receive SEK 870 000 (item 12).As consideration for the committee work  the Chair of the Audit Committee shall receive SEK 405 000  the Chair of the Remuneration Committee shall receive SEK 109 000  the members of the Audit Committee each SEK 260 000 and the members of the Remuneration Committee each SEK 55 000 (item 12).000 and the members of the Remuneration Committee each SEK 55 000 (item 12). The Auditor's fees are proposed to be paid as per agreement (item 12).Re-election of the Board members Jan Svensson   Ingrid Bonde   John Brandon   Fredrik Cappelen   Gunilla Fransson   Sofia Schörling Högberg  Harry Klagsbrun and Johan Menckel (item 13).          Sofia Schörling Högberg  and Johan Menckel (item 13). New election of Åsa Bergman as Board member. Åsa Bergman is President and CEO of Sweco AB and Board member of Svenska Cellulosa AB SCA and Swegon Group AB. She previously held various senior positions within the Sweco group (item 13).Jan Svensson shall be re-elected as Chair of the Board (item 13).shall be re-elected as Chair of the Board (item 13). In accordance with the Audit Committee's recommendation  re-election of the auditing firm Ernst & Young AB  for a period up to and including the AGM 2024. Ernst & Young AB has informed that Rickard Andersson will be auditor in charge (item 14).Information about the proposed Board members is available on the company website  www.securitas.com.The Board's proposalsItem 9 (b) and (c) – Proposal for dividend and record dateThe Board proposes that a dividend of SEK 3.45 per share is distributed to the shareholders in two payments of SEK 1.75 per share and SEK 1.70 per share  respectively. The record date for the first payment is proposed to be May 8  2023  and for the second payment November 20  2023. If the AGM so resolves  the first payment is expected to be distributed by Euroclear Sweden AB starting May 11  2023  and the second payment starting November 23  2023. The Board has presented a motivated statement pursuant to Chapter 18  Section 4 of the Swedish Companies Act.Item 16 – Proposal for resolution on authorization of the Board to resolve on acquisition and transfer of the company's own sharesThe Board proposes that the AGM authorizes the Board to resolve upon acquisition of the company's own shares of Series B according to the following terms: (i) acquisition of shares may take place on Nasdaq Stockholm  (ii) acquisition of shares may take place on one or several occasions during the time up to the AGM 2024  (iii) acquisition of shares may only be made so that the shares held by the company at any point in time does not exceed ten (10) percent of all shares in the company  (iv) acquisition of shares shall be made at a price which falls within the prevailing price interval registered at each point in time  meaning the interval between the highest purchase price and the lowest selling price  (v) payment for acquired shares shall be made in cash  and (vi) the Board should be authorized to decide upon any additional terms for the acquisition.Furthermore  the Board proposes that the AGM authorizes the Board to resolve upon transfer of the company's own shares of Series B according to the following terms: (i) transfer of shares may take place on Nasdaq Stockholm or in connection with acquisition of companies or businesses  on market terms  (ii) transfer of shares may take place on one or several occasions during the time up to the AGM 2024  (iii) the maximum number of shares to be transferred may not exceed the number of shares held by the company at the time of the Board's resolution  (iv) transfer of shares shall be made at a price which falls within the prevailing price interval registered at each point in time  meaning the interval between the highest purchase price and the lowest selling price  (v) payment for transferred shares may be made in other forms than cash  and (vi) the Board should be authorized to decide upon any additional terms for the transfer. The authorization includes the right to resolve on deviation of the preferential rights of shareholders.The purpose of the proposed authorizations is to (a) allow the Board to adjust the company's capital structure  to contribute to shareholder value  (b) be able to exploit attractive acquisition opportunities by fully or partly financing future acquisitions with the company's own shares  and (c) ensure the company's undertakings in respect of share-related or share-based incentive programs (other than delivery of shares to participants of incentive programs)  including covering social security costs. If the Board decides to adjust the company's capital structure in accordance with (a) above  the Board intends to propose that the company's share capital shall be decreased through share reduction of the repurchased shares.The Board has presented a motivated statement pursuant to Chapter 19  Section 22 of the Swedish Companies Act.A decision by the AGM on the proposal according to this item must be supported by shareholders representing at least two thirds of the votes cast as well as the shares present at the AGM in order for the proposal to be adopted.Item 17 – Proposal for a long-term incentive program  including hedging measures by way of a share swap agreement (LTI 2023/2025)Summary of the programThe Annual General Meetings 2019  2020  2021 and 2022 resolved on long-term incentive programs for the CEO  other members of Group management and certain other key employees within the Securitas Group (together the ""LTI Programs""). The Board proposes that the AGM resolves to implement a long-term incentive program (""LTI 2023/2025"")  with the main principles below.LTI 2023/2025 is proposed to include approximately 90 employees including the CEO  other members of Group management and certain other key employees within the Securitas Group. In order to participate in the LTI 2023/2025  the participants will have to invest in Series B shares in Securitas at market price or nominate Series B shares already held  as further set out below. For every Series B share purchased or nominated within the scope of LTI 2023/2025  the company will award so called performance awards free of charge in accordance with the terms stipulated below.A change compared to previous LTI Programs is that the performance condition for LTI 2023/2025 is based on Securitas' operating margin  instead of the parameter earnings per share. This is in line with the new financial targets presented by Securitas in 2022  where a new operating margin target replaced the previous target of an increase in earnings per share.The rationale for the proposalThe purpose of LTI 2023/2025 is to create a strong long-term incentive for top executives of the Group  strengthen the Group's ability to retain and recruit top executives  provide competitive remuneration  and to align the interests of the shareholders with the interests of the executives concerned by enabling the participants to become substantial shareholders in the company. Through a share-based incentive program  the employees' remuneration is tied to the company's future earnings and value growth. In light of the above  the Board believes that the implementation of LTI 2023/2025 will have a positive effect on the long-term value growth of the Group and consequently that LTI 2023/2025 is beneficial to both the shareholders and the company.Personally invested sharesIn order to participate in LTI 2023/2025  the participants will  with the exceptions stated below  during the period May 8  2023 – June 8  2023 (the ""Investment Period"") have to either (i) purchase Series B shares in Securitas in the market and nominate such shares to LTI 2023/2025  (ii) nominate Series B shares currently vesting in LTI 2020/2022  or (iii) nominate shares nominated in LTI 2020/2022[1] (""Personally Invested Shares"").The value of a participant's Personally Invested Shares shall be based on the market price for the company's Series B share and shall correspond to minimum 5 percent (all participants) and maximum 15 percent (the CEO)  12.5 percent (other members of Group management) or 10 percent (other participants)  respectively  of the participant's base salary.If the participant has access to inside information and therefore is prevented from purchasing or nominating Personally Invested Shares during the Investment Period  the Board shall be entitled to extend or postpone the Investment Period in individual cases  but no later than to the next AGM. The Board shall further  in individual cases  be entitled to accept nomination of shares acquired prior to the Investment Period  but not earlier than January 1  2023  and/or acquired through e.g. a pension insurance as Personally Invested Shares  where the participant  in the Board's opinion  has valid reasons for nominating such shares to LTI 2023/2025.Participants in LTI 2023/2025 and allocationLTI 2023/2025 is proposed to include approximately 90 senior executives and key employees within the Securitas Group  divided in three categories.Category 1For each Personally Invested Share by the CEO of the Group under LTI 2023/2025  the company will award five performance awards to the CEO.Category 2For each Personally Invested Share by another member of Group management (currently thirteen individuals) under LTI 2023/2025  the relevant individual will be awarded four performance awards.Category 3For each Personally Invested Share by another participant under LTI 2023/2025  the relevant individual will be awarded three performance awards.Performance conditionThe number of Series B shares that the performance awards will entitle the participant to receive depends on the development of Securitas' operating margin[2]  compared to minimum and maximum target levels as defined by the Board  during the measurement period January 1  2023 – December 31  2025.If the minimum level is not reached  the performance awards will entitle participants to receive zero Series B shares  whereas if the maximum level is reached  each performance award will entitle participants to receive one Series B share. If the outcome falls between the minimum level and the maximum level  participants' entitlement to Series B shares will be calculated linearly between zero and one Series B share per performance award. The Board intends to present the fulfilment of the performance-based condition in the Annual Report for the financial year 2025.Other conditionsIn addition to the above conditions  the following shall apply for the performance awards.The performance awards shall be awarded free of charge at the end of the Investment Period  subject to vesting.Each performance award entitles the holder to receive one Series B share free of charge (subject to the performance condition set out above) three years after allotment of the award (the ""Vesting Period"")  provided that the holder  with some exceptions  is still employed by the Securitas Group as per December 31  2025   and has maintained the full amount of Personally Invested Shares purchased or nominated under LTI 2023/2025 during the entire Vesting Period.  and has maintained the full amount of Personally Invested Shares purchased or nominated under LTI 2023/2025 during the entire Vesting Period. To make the participants' interest equal with the shareholders'  the company will compensate the participants for distributed dividend during the Vesting Period by increasing the number of Series B shares that each performance award may entitle the participant to receive after the Vesting Period.The number of Series B shares that each performance award may entitle the participant to receive may be subject to recalculation due to share issues  splits  reverse splits and similar dispositions.The performance awards are non-transferable and may not be pledged.The performance awards can be awarded by the company or any other company within the Group.Preparation and administrationThe Board shall be responsible for preparing the detailed terms and conditions of LTI 2023/2025 in accordance with the mentioned terms and guidelines. To this end  the Board shall be entitled to make adjustments to meet foreign regulations or market conditions. The Board may also make other adjustments if significant changes in the Securitas Group  or its operating environment  would result in a situation where the decided terms and conditions for LTI 2023/2025 no longer are appropriate. Such adjustments include a right for the Board to resolve on a reduction of the number of Series B shares that the performance awards would entitle a participant to receive  if the number of Series B shares that a participant would be entitled to – considering Securitas' result and financial position  other circumstances regarding the Group's development and the conditions on the stock market – would be clearly unreasonable.Furthermore  in the event that the Board considers that the delivery of shares under LTI 2023/2025 cannot be achieved at reasonable cost  with reasonable administrative efforts or due to specific market conditions  participants may instead be offered a cash settlement.Participation in LTI 2023/2025 also presumes that such participation is lawful and that such participation in Securitas' opinion can take place with reasonable administrative costs and economic efforts. The Board shall be entitled to implement an alternative incentive solution for employees in such countries where participation in LTI 2023/2025 is not advisable  which alternative solution shall  as far as practically possible  correspond to the terms of the LTI 2023/2025.Scope and cost of the programLTI 2023/2025 may  if the share price for the company's Series B share remains the same during the program's term  result in a maximum amount corresponding to 75 percent (CEO)  50 percent (other members of Group management) or 30 percent (other participants)  respectively  of the participants annual base salary (excluding social security costs). Such outcome is subject to the number of Personally Invested Shares being maximized  meaning that the value of the participant's Personally Invested Shares corresponds to 15 percent (the CEO)  12.5 percent (other members of Group management) or 10 percent (other participants)  respectively  of the participants annual base salary  that the participant maintains the full amount of Personally Invested Shares during the entire Vesting Period  and that the participant  with some exceptions  still is employed as per December 31  2025  and that the performance based condition has been fully achieved.The maximum number of Series B shares that a participant may nominate as Personally Invested Shares  and thus the total number of performance awards that may be allotted  shall be based on the market price for the company's Series B share. The total number of issued shares in the company amounts to 573 392 552 shares.Based on the assumption that the share price for the company's Series B share amounts to SEK 91  LTI 2023/2025 will  in accordance with the principles and assumptions set out above  comprise maximum 1 430 000 Series B shares in total  which corresponds to approximately 0.25 percent of the total number of issued shares in the company and 0.18 percent of the total number of votes in the company.The costs for LTI 2023/2025 should be expensed as personnel costs over the Vesting Period. Provided that the performance-based condition is fully achieved  the cost for LTI 2023/2025 before tax is  in accordance with the principles and assumptions set out above  estimated to approximately SEK 130 million  allocated over the Vesting Period. Estimated social security costs and financing costs are included in such amount.The Board proposes the AGM to resolve to authorize the Board to resolve on repurchase of shares in the company and to transfer such shares on a regulated market to cover social security costs and financing costs associated with LTI 2023/2025 (see separate item on the agenda).The costs for LTI 2023/2025 are expected to have marginal effect on key ratios of the Securitas Group.The Board deems that the positive effects on earnings that are expected to result from increased share ownership among senior management and key employees  which may be further increased through LTI 2023/2025  outweighs the costs related to LTI 2023/2025.All estimates are based on at each time applicable foreign exchange rates according to Reuters. Information on previous LTI Programs can be found in the Annual Report 2022  notes 9 and 12.Delivery of shares under LTI 2023/2025 and hedging measuresTo ensure the delivery of Series B shares under LTI 2023/2025  the company may enter into a share-swap agreement with a third party  whereby the third party in its own name shall acquire and transfer Series B shares in the company to employees participating in LTI 2023/2025. The cost for the swap is estimated at a maximum of SEK 600 000 assuming that the performance-based condition is fully achieved.Preparation of the proposal and voting majorityLTI 2023/2025 has been initiated by the Board and the Remuneration Committee of Securitas in consultation with major shareholders and has been structured in consultation with external advisers based on an evaluation of previous incentive schemes. LTI 2023/2025 has been prepared by the Remuneration Committee and reviewed at meetings of the Board. The resolution must be supported by shareholders representing more than half of the votes cast  or  in case of equal voting  supported by the Chair of the AGM.Other informationAvailable documentation etc.The Annual Report and the Auditor's Report  the remuneration report and all other supporting documentation for the AGM are available at the company and on the company website www.securitas.com/agm2023 no later than three weeks before the AGM.The Nomination Committee's complete proposals and motivated statement are available at the company and on the company website www.securitas.com/agm2023.In addition  copies of the documentation will be sent to the shareholders who so request  indicating their mailing address. The share register for the AGM will be available at the company's office  Lindhagensplan 70  112 43 Stockholm  Sweden.Shareholders' right to receive informationThe Board and the President and CEO shall  if a shareholder so requests and the Board considers that this can be done without significant harm to the company  give information on such circumstances that may affect the assessment of a matter on the agenda  circumstances that may affect the assessment of the financial situation of the company or its subsidiaries and the company's relationship with another Group company. Anyone who wishes to present a question in advance may do so to Securitas in the way stated on the company's website www.securitas.com/agm2023.Number of shares and votes in the companyAt the date of this notice  the total number of shares in the company amounts to 573 392 552  of which 26 938 371 are shares of Series A and 546 454 181 are shares of Series B. Each Series A share entitles the holder to ten votes and each Series B share entitles the holder to one vote. The total number of votes in the company amounts to 815 837 891. The company's holding of own shares  as of the date of this notice  is 475 000 shares of Series B.Processing of personal dataFor information on how your personal data is processed in connection with the AGM  see www.euroclear.com/dam/ESwithLegal/Privacy-notice-bolagsstammor-engelska.pdf.This notice is a translation of the Swedish notice and in case of any deviations between thelanguage versions  the Swedish version shall prevail.Stockholm in March 2023the Board of DirectorsSECURITAS AB (publ)Further information:Investors: Micaela Sjökvist  Vice President  Head of Investor Relations; +46 76 116 7443  micaela.sjokvist@securitas.com[1] The nomination of such shares will not affect the condition of LTI 2020/2022 to maintain personally invested shares during the entire vesting period.[2] Operating margin is defined as operating income before amortization as a percentage of total sales.The following files are available for download:https://mb.cision.com/Main/1062/3744831/1958992.pdf Notice AGM 2023SOURCE Securitas",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,positive,0.86,0.13,0.02,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'Securitas AB', 'Notice', 'Melker Schörling AB', 'Courtyard Marriott Hotel', 'two person(s', 'long-term incentive program', 'Investment AB Latour', 'share swap agreement', 'Consolidated Financial Statements', 'personal/corporate identity number', 'Euroclear Sweden AB', 'The Nomination Committee', 'Consolidated Balance Sheet', 'other Board members', 'Annual General Meeting', 'EQT AB', 'financial year', 'share register', 'Securitas AB', 'committee work', 'The CEO', 'The President', 'deputy members', 'Rålambshovsleden', 'Tuesday April', 'state name', 'entry card', 'record date', 'Proxy holders', 'legal persons', 'Proxy forms', 'voting list', 'senior management', 'Johan Hjertonsson', 'Mikael Ekdahl', 'Fredrik Åtting', 'Gerge Fonder', 'Jan Svensson', 'previous year', 'Consolidated Statement', 'Thursday April', 'increased number', 'Such notification', 'mailing address', 'Henrik Didner', 'Sustainability Report', ""Securitas' website"", 'Group Auditor', 'nominee-registered shares', 'telephone number', 'company website', 'last AGM', 'total fees', 'Remuneration Report', 'AGM.', 'PRNewswire', 'shareholders', 'Reg.', 'May', 'Stockholm', 'Registration', '13.00 CEST', 'coffee', 'speech', 'Right', 'participation', 'notice', 'intention', 'Box', 'attendance', 'confirmation', 'Owners', 'order', 'proceedings', 'bank', 'broker', 'account', 'Proxies', 'representatives', 'papers', 'authorization', 'agenda', 'Opening', 'Election', 'Chair', 'Preparation', 'approval', 'minutes', 'Determination', 'Presentation', 'compliance', 'guidelines', 'proposal', 'appropriation', 'profit', 'Resolutions', 'adoption', 'Income', 'discharge', 'liability', 'auditors', 'acquisition', 'transfer', 'implementation', 'measures', 'way', 'Closing', 'Items', 'reports', 'activities', 'agm2023', 'period', 'SEK', '3.6 percent', 'expectation', 'holdings', '14.00', '8.']",2023-03-31,2023-04-01,prnewswire.co.uk
21898,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/SECURITAS-AB-PUBL-120792086/news/Notice-of-Annual-General-Meeting-in-Securitas-AB-43392404/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230331,Notice of Annual General Meeting in Securitas AB,(marketscreener.com) STOCKHOLM  March 31  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- The shareholders of Securitas AB  Reg. No. 556302-7241  are hereby invited to participate in the Annual General Meeting to be held at 14.00 CEST on Thursday May 4  2023  at Courtyard Marriott Ho…,"Notice of Annual General Meeting in Securitas AB 03/31/2023 | 07:21am EDT Send by mail :Name : First name : From * : To * : (You can enter multiple email addresses separated by commas) Message : * Required fields STOCKHOLM  March 31  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- The shareholders of Securitas AB  Reg. No. 556302-7241  are hereby invited to participate in the Annual General Meeting (""AGM"") to be held at 14.00 CEST on Thursday May 4  2023  at Courtyard Marriott Hotel  Rålambshovsleden 50  Stockholm  Sweden. Registration for the AGM begins at 13.00 CEST  when coffee will be served. The CEO's speech will be posted on the company website after the AGM. Right to participation Shareholders who wish to attend the AGM must: (i) be recorded in the share register maintained by Euroclear Sweden AB (""Euroclear"") on Tuesday April 25  2023; and (ii) give notice of their intention to participate no later than Thursday April 27  2023.Such notification may be made (i) via Securitas' website www.securitas.com/agm2023  (ii) by telephone +46 10 470 31 30  or (iii) by mail to Securitas AB (publ)  ""AGM"" c/o Euroclear Sweden AB  Box 191  SE-101 23 Stockholm. On giving notice of attendance  the shareholder shall state name  personal/corporate identity number or equivalent  address and telephone number. As confirmation of the notification  Securitas will send an entry card to be presented at registration for the AGM. Owners with nominee-registered shares must  in order to participate in the proceedings of the AGM  request their bank or broker to have their shares temporarily owner-registered with Euroclear. The share register for the AGM as of the record date Tuesday April 25  2023  will take into account owner-registrations completed no later than Thursday April 27  2023. Proxies Proxy holders and representatives of legal persons shall submit papers of authorization prior to the AGM. Proxy forms are available at the company's website www.securitas.com/agm2023 and will be sent to the shareholders who so request  indicating their mailing address. Proposed agenda 1. Opening of the meeting 2. Election of Chair of the meeting 3. Preparation and approval of the voting list 4. Approval of the agenda 5. Election of one or two person(s) to approve the minutes 6. Determination as to whether the AGM has been duly convened 7. The President and CEO's report 8. Presentation of a. the Annual and Sustainability Report and the Auditor's Report and the Consolidated Financial Statements and the Group Auditor's Report  b. the statement by the Auditor on the compliance with the guidelines for remuneration to senior management applicable since the last AGM  and c. the Board's proposal for appropriation of the company's profit and the Board's motivated statement thereon 9. Resolutions regarding a. adoption of the Statement of Income and the Balance Sheet and the Consolidated Statement of Income and the Consolidated Balance Sheet  b. appropriation of the company's profit according to the adopted Balance Sheet  c. record date for dividend  and d. discharge of the Board and the President from liability for the financial year 2022 10. Approval of the Remuneration Report 11. Determination of the number of Board members 12. Determination of fees to (a) Board members and (b) auditors 13. Election of Board members 14. Election of Auditors 15. Resolution regarding authorization of the Board to resolve on acquisition and transfer of the company's own shares 16. Resolution regarding the implementation of a long-term incentive program  including hedging measures by way of a share swap agreement (LTI 2023/2025) 17. Closing of the meeting The Nomination Committee's proposals Items 2  11-14 – Proposals for election of Chair of the meeting  determination of the number of Board members and fees to the Board members and the Auditors  and election of Board members and Auditors The Nomination Committee ahead of the AGM 2023 has consisted of Johan Hjertonsson (Investment AB Latour  Chair of the Nomination Committee)  Mikael Ekdahl (Melker Schörling AB)  Fredrik Åtting (EQT AB) and Henrik Didner (Didner & Gerge Fonder). The reasoned statement of the Nomination Committee  which presents and motivates the below proposals and also reports on the committee's activities  will be held available at the company website  www.securitas.com/agm2023. The Nomination Committee has proposed the following: Jan Svensson   Chair of the Board  shall be elected Chair of the AGM (item 2).  Chair of the Board  shall be elected Chair of the AGM (item 2). The number of Board members shall be nine  with no deputy members (item 11).Fees to the Board members for the period up to and including the AGM 2024 shall amount to SEK 10 689 000 in total (including fees for committee work). The proposed total fees are an increase of approximately 3.6 percent compared with the total fees for the previous year  adjusted for the increased number of Board members that is proposed. It is the Nomination Committee's expectation that part of the fee should be used to increase holdings of Securitas' shares among the Board members. The fees shall be distributed between the Board members as follows: the Chair of the Board shall receive SEK 2 640 000 and each of the other Board members shall receive SEK 870 000 (item 12).As consideration for the committee work  the Chair of the Audit Committee shall receive SEK 405 000  the Chair of the Remuneration Committee shall receive SEK 109 000  the members of the Audit Committee each SEK 260 000 and the members of the Remuneration Committee each SEK 55 000 (item 12).000 and the members of the Remuneration Committee each SEK 55 000 (item 12). The Auditor's fees are proposed to be paid as per agreement (item 12).Re-election of the Board members Jan Svensson   Ingrid Bonde   John Brandon   Fredrik Cappelen   Gunilla Fransson   Sofia Schörling Högberg  Harry Klagsbrun and Johan Menckel (item 13).          Sofia Schörling Högberg  and Johan Menckel (item 13). New election of Åsa Bergman as Board member. Åsa Bergman is President and CEO of Sweco AB and Board member of Svenska Cellulosa AB SCA and Swegon Group AB. She previously held various senior positions within the Sweco group (item 13).Jan Svensson shall be re-elected as Chair of the Board (item 13).shall be re-elected as Chair of the Board (item 13). In accordance with the Audit Committee's recommendation  re-election of the auditing firm Ernst & Young AB  for a period up to and including the AGM 2024. Ernst & Young AB has informed that Rickard Andersson will be auditor in charge (item 14). Information about the proposed Board members is available on the company website  www.securitas.com. The Board's proposals Item 9 (b) and (c) – Proposal for dividend and record date The Board proposes that a dividend of SEK 3.45 per share is distributed to the shareholders in two payments of SEK 1.75 per share and SEK 1.70 per share  respectively. The record date for the first payment is proposed to be May 8  2023  and for the second payment November 20  2023. If the AGM so resolves  the first payment is expected to be distributed by Euroclear Sweden AB starting May 11  2023  and the second payment starting November 23  2023. The Board has presented a motivated statement pursuant to Chapter 18  Section 4 of the Swedish Companies Act. Item 16 – Proposal for resolution on authorization of the Board to resolve on acquisition and transfer of the company's own shares The Board proposes that the AGM authorizes the Board to resolve upon acquisition of the company's own shares of Series B according to the following terms: (i) acquisition of shares may take place on Nasdaq Stockholm  (ii) acquisition of shares may take place on one or several occasions during the time up to the AGM 2024  (iii) acquisition of shares may only be made so that the shares held by the company at any point in time does not exceed ten (10) percent of all shares in the company  (iv) acquisition of shares shall be made at a price which falls within the prevailing price interval registered at each point in time  meaning the interval between the highest purchase price and the lowest selling price  (v) payment for acquired shares shall be made in cash  and (vi) the Board should be authorized to decide upon any additional terms for the acquisition. Furthermore  the Board proposes that the AGM authorizes the Board to resolve upon transfer of the company's own shares of Series B according to the following terms: (i) transfer of shares may take place on Nasdaq Stockholm or in connection with acquisition of companies or businesses  on market terms  (ii) transfer of shares may take place on one or several occasions during the time up to the AGM 2024  (iii) the maximum number of shares to be transferred may not exceed the number of shares held by the company at the time of the Board's resolution  (iv) transfer of shares shall be made at a price which falls within the prevailing price interval registered at each point in time  meaning the interval between the highest purchase price and the lowest selling price  (v) payment for transferred shares may be made in other forms than cash  and (vi) the Board should be authorized to decide upon any additional terms for the transfer. The authorization includes the right to resolve on deviation of the preferential rights of shareholders. The purpose of the proposed authorizations is to (a) allow the Board to adjust the company's capital structure  to contribute to shareholder value  (b) be able to exploit attractive acquisition opportunities by fully or partly financing future acquisitions with the company's own shares  and (c) ensure the company's undertakings in respect of share-related or share-based incentive programs (other than delivery of shares to participants of incentive programs)  including covering social security costs. If the Board decides to adjust the company's capital structure in accordance with (a) above  the Board intends to propose that the company's share capital shall be decreased through share reduction of the repurchased shares. The Board has presented a motivated statement pursuant to Chapter 19  Section 22 of the Swedish Companies Act. A decision by the AGM on the proposal according to this item must be supported by shareholders representing at least two thirds of the votes cast as well as the shares present at the AGM in order for the proposal to be adopted. Item 17 – Proposal for a long-term incentive program  including hedging measures by way of a share swap agreement (LTI 2023/2025) Summary of the program The Annual General Meetings 2019  2020  2021 and 2022 resolved on long-term incentive programs for the CEO  other members of Group management and certain other key employees within the Securitas Group (together the ""LTI Programs""). The Board proposes that the AGM resolves to implement a long-term incentive program (""LTI 2023/2025"")  with the main principles below. LTI 2023/2025 is proposed to include approximately 90 employees including the CEO  other members of Group management and certain other key employees within the Securitas Group. In order to participate in the LTI 2023/2025  the participants will have to invest in Series B shares in Securitas at market price or nominate Series B shares already held  as further set out below. For every Series B share purchased or nominated within the scope of LTI 2023/2025  the company will award so called performance awards free of charge in accordance with the terms stipulated below. A change compared to previous LTI Programs is that the performance condition for LTI 2023/2025 is based on Securitas' operating margin  instead of the parameter earnings per share. This is in line with the new financial targets presented by Securitas in 2022  where a new operating margin target replaced the previous target of an increase in earnings per share. The rationale for the proposal The purpose of LTI 2023/2025 is to create a strong long-term incentive for top executives of the Group  strengthen the Group's ability to retain and recruit top executives  provide competitive remuneration  and to align the interests of the shareholders with the interests of the executives concerned by enabling the participants to become substantial shareholders in the company. Through a share-based incentive program  the employees' remuneration is tied to the company's future earnings and value growth. In light of the above  the Board believes that the implementation of LTI 2023/2025 will have a positive effect on the long-term value growth of the Group and consequently that LTI 2023/2025 is beneficial to both the shareholders and the company. Personally invested shares In order to participate in LTI 2023/2025  the participants will  with the exceptions stated below  during the period May 8  2023 – June 8  2023 (the ""Investment Period"") have to either (i) purchase Series B shares in Securitas in the market and nominate such shares to LTI 2023/2025  (ii) nominate Series B shares currently vesting in LTI 2020/2022  or (iii) nominate shares nominated in LTI 2020/2022[1] (""Personally Invested Shares""). The value of a participant's Personally Invested Shares shall be based on the market price for the company's Series B share and shall correspond to minimum 5 percent (all participants) and maximum 15 percent (the CEO)  12.5 percent (other members of Group management) or 10 percent (other participants)  respectively  of the participant's base salary. If the participant has access to inside information and therefore is prevented from purchasing or nominating Personally Invested Shares during the Investment Period  the Board shall be entitled to extend or postpone the Investment Period in individual cases  but no later than to the next AGM. The Board shall further  in individual cases  be entitled to accept nomination of shares acquired prior to the Investment Period  but not earlier than January 1  2023  and/or acquired through e.g. a pension insurance as Personally Invested Shares  where the participant  in the Board's opinion  has valid reasons for nominating such shares to LTI 2023/2025. Participants in LTI 2023/2025 and allocation LTI 2023/2025 is proposed to include approximately 90 senior executives and key employees within the Securitas Group  divided in three categories. Category 1For each Personally Invested Share by the CEO of the Group under LTI 2023/2025  the company will award five performance awards to the CEO. Category 2For each Personally Invested Share by another member of Group management (currently thirteen individuals) under LTI 2023/2025  the relevant individual will be awarded four performance awards. Category 3For each Personally Invested Share by another participant under LTI 2023/2025  the relevant individual will be awarded three performance awards. Performance condition The number of Series B shares that the performance awards will entitle the participant to receive depends on the development of Securitas' operating margin[2]  compared to minimum and maximum target levels as defined by the Board  during the measurement period January 1  2023 – December 31  2025. If the minimum level is not reached  the performance awards will entitle participants to receive zero Series B shares  whereas if the maximum level is reached  each performance award will entitle participants to receive one Series B share. If the outcome falls between the minimum level and the maximum level  participants' entitlement to Series B shares will be calculated linearly between zero and one Series B share per performance award. The Board intends to present the fulfilment of the performance-based condition in the Annual Report for the financial year 2025. Other conditions In addition to the above conditions  the following shall apply for the performance awards. The performance awards shall be awarded free of charge at the end of the Investment Period  subject to vesting.Each performance award entitles the holder to receive one Series B share free of charge (subject to the performance condition set out above) three years after allotment of the award (the ""Vesting Period"")  provided that the holder  with some exceptions  is still employed by the Securitas Group as per December 31  2025   and has maintained the full amount of Personally Invested Shares purchased or nominated under LTI 2023/2025 during the entire Vesting Period.  and has maintained the full amount of Personally Invested Shares purchased or nominated under LTI 2023/2025 during the entire Vesting Period. To make the participants' interest equal with the shareholders'  the company will compensate the participants for distributed dividend during the Vesting Period by increasing the number of Series B shares that each performance award may entitle the participant to receive after the Vesting Period.The number of Series B shares that each performance award may entitle the participant to receive may be subject to recalculation due to share issues  splits  reverse splits and similar dispositions.The performance awards are non-transferable and may not be pledged.The performance awards can be awarded by the company or any other company within the Group. Preparation and administration The Board shall be responsible for preparing the detailed terms and conditions of LTI 2023/2025 in accordance with the mentioned terms and guidelines. To this end  the Board shall be entitled to make adjustments to meet foreign regulations or market conditions. The Board may also make other adjustments if significant changes in the Securitas Group  or its operating environment  would result in a situation where the decided terms and conditions for LTI 2023/2025 no longer are appropriate. Such adjustments include a right for the Board to resolve on a reduction of the number of Series B shares that the performance awards would entitle a participant to receive  if the number of Series B shares that a participant would be entitled to – considering Securitas' result and financial position  other circumstances regarding the Group's development and the conditions on the stock market – would be clearly unreasonable. Furthermore  in the event that the Board considers that the delivery of shares under LTI 2023/2025 cannot be achieved at reasonable cost  with reasonable administrative efforts or due to specific market conditions  participants may instead be offered a cash settlement. Participation in LTI 2023/2025 also presumes that such participation is lawful and that such participation in Securitas' opinion can take place with reasonable administrative costs and economic efforts. The Board shall be entitled to implement an alternative incentive solution for employees in such countries where participation in LTI 2023/2025 is not advisable  which alternative solution shall  as far as practically possible  correspond to the terms of the LTI 2023/2025. Scope and cost of the program LTI 2023/2025 may  if the share price for the company's Series B share remains the same during the program's term  result in a maximum amount corresponding to 75 percent (CEO)  50 percent (other members of Group management) or 30 percent (other participants)  respectively  of the participants annual base salary (excluding social security costs). Such outcome is subject to the number of Personally Invested Shares being maximized  meaning that the value of the participant's Personally Invested Shares corresponds to 15 percent (the CEO)  12.5 percent (other members of Group management) or 10 percent (other participants)  respectively  of the participants annual base salary  that the participant maintains the full amount of Personally Invested Shares during the entire Vesting Period  and that the participant  with some exceptions  still is employed as per December 31  2025  and that the performance based condition has been fully achieved. The maximum number of Series B shares that a participant may nominate as Personally Invested Shares  and thus the total number of performance awards that may be allotted  shall be based on the market price for the company's Series B share. The total number of issued shares in the company amounts to 573 392 552 shares. Based on the assumption that the share price for the company's Series B share amounts to SEK 91  LTI 2023/2025 will  in accordance with the principles and assumptions set out above  comprise maximum 1 430 000 Series B shares in total  which corresponds to approximately 0.25 percent of the total number of issued shares in the company and 0.18 percent of the total number of votes in the company. The costs for LTI 2023/2025 should be expensed as personnel costs over the Vesting Period. Provided that the performance-based condition is fully achieved  the cost for LTI 2023/2025 before tax is  in accordance with the principles and assumptions set out above  estimated to approximately SEK 130 million  allocated over the Vesting Period. Estimated social security costs and financing costs are included in such amount. The Board proposes the AGM to resolve to authorize the Board to resolve on repurchase of shares in the company and to transfer such shares on a regulated market to cover social security costs and financing costs associated with LTI 2023/2025 (see separate item on the agenda). The costs for LTI 2023/2025 are expected to have marginal effect on key ratios of the Securitas Group. The Board deems that the positive effects on earnings that are expected to result from increased share ownership among senior management and key employees  which may be further increased through LTI 2023/2025  outweighs the costs related to LTI 2023/2025. All estimates are based on at each time applicable foreign exchange rates according to Reuters. Information on previous LTI Programs can be found in the Annual Report 2022  notes 9 and 12. Delivery of shares under LTI 2023/2025 and hedging measures To ensure the delivery of Series B shares under LTI 2023/2025  the company may enter into a share-swap agreement with a third party  whereby the third party in its own name shall acquire and transfer Series B shares in the company to employees participating in LTI 2023/2025. The cost for the swap is estimated at a maximum of SEK 600 000 assuming that the performance-based condition is fully achieved. Preparation of the proposal and voting majority LTI 2023/2025 has been initiated by the Board and the Remuneration Committee of Securitas in consultation with major shareholders and has been structured in consultation with external advisers based on an evaluation of previous incentive schemes. LTI 2023/2025 has been prepared by the Remuneration Committee and reviewed at meetings of the Board. The resolution must be supported by shareholders representing more than half of the votes cast  or  in case of equal voting  supported by the Chair of the AGM. Other information Available documentation etc. The Annual Report and the Auditor's Report  the remuneration report and all other supporting documentation for the AGM are available at the company and on the company website www.securitas.com/agm2023 no later than three weeks before the AGM. The Nomination Committee's complete proposals and motivated statement are available at the company and on the company website www.securitas.com/agm2023. In addition  copies of the documentation will be sent to the shareholders who so request  indicating their mailing address. The share register for the AGM will be available at the company's office  Lindhagensplan 70  112 43 Stockholm  Sweden. Shareholders' right to receive information The Board and the President and CEO shall  if a shareholder so requests and the Board considers that this can be done without significant harm to the company  give information on such circumstances that may affect the assessment of a matter on the agenda  circumstances that may affect the assessment of the financial situation of the company or its subsidiaries and the company's relationship with another Group company. Anyone who wishes to present a question in advance may do so to Securitas in the way stated on the company's website www.securitas.com/agm2023. Number of shares and votes in the company At the date of this notice  the total number of shares in the company amounts to 573 392 552  of which 26 938 371 are shares of Series A and 546 454 181 are shares of Series B. Each Series A share entitles the holder to ten votes and each Series B share entitles the holder to one vote. The total number of votes in the company amounts to 815 837 891. The company's holding of own shares  as of the date of this notice  is 475 000 shares of Series B. Processing of personal data For information on how your personal data is processed in connection with the AGM  see www.euroclear.com/dam/ESwithLegal/Privacy-notice-bolagsstammor-engelska.pdf. This notice is a translation of the Swedish notice and in case of any deviations between the language versions  the Swedish version shall prevail. Stockholm in March 2023 the Board of Directors SECURITAS AB (publ) Further information: Investors: Micaela Sjökvist  Vice President  Head of Investor Relations; +46 76 116 7443  micaela.sjokvist@securitas.com [1] The nomination of such shares will not affect the condition of LTI 2020/2022 to maintain personally invested shares during the entire vesting period. [2] Operating margin is defined as operating income before amortization as a percentage of total sales. The following files are available for download: https://mb.cision.com/Main/1062/3744831/1958992.pdf Notice AGM 2023 View original content: https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/notice-of-annual-general-meeting-in-securitas-ab-301786949.html SOURCE Securitas© PRNewswire 2023 All news about SECURITAS AB (PUBL) 03/31 Notice of Annual General Meeting in Securitas AB PR 03/31 Notice of Annual General Meeting in Securitas AB AQ 03/31 Securitas : 2022 Annual and Sustainability Report PU 03/31 Securitas publishes Annual and Sustainability Report for 2022 AQ 03/16 Securitas : Changes to Group Management PU 03/02 Securitas Raises EUR300 Million in Schuldschein Loan Deal MT 03/02 Securitas Concludes EUR 300 Million Schuldschein Funding CI 03/02 Securitas successfully concludes MEUR 300 Schuldschein funding AQ 02/07 Transcript : Securitas AB  2022 Earnings Call  Feb 07  2023 CI 02/07 Securitas : Presentation full-year report Jan-Dec 2022 PU Analyst Recommendations on SECURITAS AB (PUBL) 2021 Analyst recommendations: Best Buy  Beyond Meat  Booking  Merck  .. 2021 Securitas Reaches Prime Level with Aaa Net Impact Rating CI",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'Securitas AB', 'Notice', 'Melker Schörling AB', 'multiple email addresses', 'Courtyard Marriott Hotel', 'long-term incentive program', 'Investment AB Latour', 'Proxies Proxy holders', 'share swap agreement', 'Consolidated Financial Statements', 'personal/corporate identity number', 'Euroclear Sweden AB', 'The Nomination Committee', 'Consolidated Balance Sheet', 'Annual General Meeting', 'EQT AB', 'Proxy forms', 'financial year', 'share register', 'committee work', 'Securitas AB', 'The CEO', 'The President', 'Consolidated Statement', 'Rålambshovsleden', 'entry card', 'record date', 'legal persons', 'voting list', 'two person', 'senior management', 'Johan Hjertonsson', 'Mikael Ekdahl', 'Fredrik Åtting', 'Gerge Fonder', 'Jan Svensson', 'deputy members', 'previous year', 'First name', 'state name', 'increased number', 'Board members', 'Such notification', 'mailing address', 'Henrik Didner', 'Sustainability Report', 'motivated statement', 'Thursday April', 'Group Auditor', ""Securitas' website"", 'nominee-registered shares', 'telephone number', 'company website', 'last AGM', 'total fees', 'Remuneration Report', 'Notice', 'commas', 'Message', 'fields', 'March', 'shareholders', 'Reg.', 'May', 'Stockholm', 'Registration', '13.00 CEST', 'coffee', 'speech', 'Right', 'participation', 'Tuesday', 'intention', 'Box', 'attendance', 'equivalent', 'confirmation', 'Owners', 'order', 'proceedings', 'bank', 'broker', 'account', 'representatives', 'papers', 'authorization', 'agenda', 'Opening', 'Election', 'Chair', 'Preparation', 'approval', 'minutes', 'Determination', 'Presentation', 'compliance', 'guidelines', 'proposal', 'appropriation', 'profit', 'Resolutions', 'adoption', 'Income', 'd.', 'discharge', 'liability', 'auditors', 'acquisition', 'transfer', 'implementation', 'measures', 'way', 'Closing', 'Items', 'reports', 'activities', 'agm2023', 'period', 'SEK', '3.6 percent', 'expectation', 'holdings', '14.00']",2023-03-31,2023-04-01,marketscreener.com
21899,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/OXE-MARINE-AB-PUBL-120796814/news/OXE-MARINE-AB-PUBL-CONVENING-NOTICE-FOR-ANNUAL-GENERAL-MEETING-43395446/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230331,OXE MARINE AB (PUBL) CONVENING NOTICE FOR ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING,(marketscreener.com) ÄNGELHOLM  Sweden  March 31  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- The shareholders in OXE Marine AB org.nr 556889-7226   are convened to the Annual General Meeting of shareholders to be held on May 2  2023 at 14:00 at på Hotell Erikslund  Åstorpsvägen …,"ÄNGELHOLM  Sweden  March 31  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- The shareholders in OXE Marine AB (publ) org.nr 556889-7226 (""Bolaget"")  are convened to the Annual General Meeting of shareholders to be held on May 2  2023 at 14:00 at på Hotell Erikslund  Åstorpsvägen 15  262 96 Ängelholm. Registration to the Annual General Meeting will commence at 13.00.Right to attend and noticeShareholders who want to participate at the annual general meeting must:be recorded as a shareholder in the share register prepared by Euroclear Sweden AB (""Euroclear"") relating to the circumstances on April 21 . 2023; and. 2023; and notify their intention to attend the annual general meeting no later than April 25 . 2023.Notification to attend is made by e-mail to the Company's e-mail address agm23@oxemarine.com or by postal service to OXE Marine AB (publ) att. Paul Frick  Metallgatan 6  262 72 Ängelholm. In its notification to attend  the shareholder is requested to provide the shareholder's name  personal or corporate ID number  shareholding  address  daytime telephone number and  where applicable  the number of any assistants (up to two) which the shareholder intends to bring to the AGM.Nominee-registered sharesShareholders whose shares are registered in the name of a nominee must  in addition to notify their intention to attend the annual general meeting  re-register their shares in their own name so that the shareholder is recorded in the share register on April 21. 2023. Such registration may be temporary (so-called voting right registration) and is requested from the nominee in accordance with the nominee's procedures and in such time in advance as the nominee determines. Voting right registrations duly effected by the nominee no later than April 25. 2022 will be regarded in the preparation of the share register.ProxyShareholders who wish to be represented by a proxy must submit a dated proxy form. If the proxy is executed by a legal person  a copy of the certificate of registration or equivalent authorization document must be enclosed. The proxy form may not be valid for a period longer than five years from its issuance. The proxy form in original together with certificate of registration  if applicable  shall be enclosed to the postal voting form. The Company provides a form of proxy at request and it is also available at the Company's website  www.oxemarine.com.Proposed agendaOpening of the general meeting and election of chairman of the general meeting Preparation and approval of the voting list Election of one or two persons to verify the minutes of the meeting Determination of whether the meeting has been duly convened Approval of the agenda Submission of the annual report and the auditor's report Resolutions regarding the adoption of the income statement and the balance sheet; allocation of the Company's result according to the adopted balance sheet; and the discharge from liability for each of the members of the board of directors and the managing director Determination of remuneration to the board of directors and the auditor Election of board of directors Election of auditor Resolution on principles for appointment of nomination committee Resolution on authorization for the board of directors to issue new shares  warrants and/or convertibles Close of the general meetingThe Nomination Committee's proposalsAt the annual general meeting 2022  it was resolved to adopt principles for the appointment of a nomination committee for the annual general meeting of 2023.In accordance with the adopted principles  the nomination committee consists of Jonas Wikström (Chairman)  Martin Polo  (chairman)  Per Lindberg  and Christian von Koenigsegg.The proposals of the nomination committee are as follows:Item 1. Election of chairman of the general meetingThe nomination committee proposes Jonas Wikström is elected as chairman of the general meeting.Item 3. Election of one or several persons to verify the minutes of the meetingThe nomination committee proposes that two persons are elected to verify the minutes at the general meeting.Item 8. Determination of remuneration to the board of directors and the auditorThe nomination committee proposes that the remuneration to the board shall be paid as follows:SEK 340 000 to the chairman of the board (SEK 340 000) ; andto the chairman of the board ; and SEK 170 000 to each of the other board members (SEK 170 000) .If the general meeting resolves in accordance with the nomination committee's proposal under item 9  the total remuneration to the board is assumed to be SEK 510 000 (SEK 1 190 000 - 2022). It is noted that proposed directors Christian Von Koenigsegg and Martin Polo have announced that they will decline their respective renumerations.It is proposed that the remuneration to the auditor is paid according to approved invoice.Item 9. Election of board of directorsAccording to the Company's articles of association  the board of directors shall consist of no less than three and no more than ten ordinary members and no more than five deputy members. The nomination committee proposes that  until the next annual general meeting  the board shall consist of six ordinary members and no deputy members.It is proposed that Jonas Wikström  Martin Polo  Jon Lind and Christian von Koenigsegg are re-elected as a ordinary members of the board.The nomination committee proposes that Jonas Wikström is elected as chairman of the board.Item 10. Election of auditorThe nomination committee proposes re-election of BDO Mälardalen AB as auditor until the close of the next annual general meeting. BDO Mälardalen AB has announced that that certified accountant Carl-Johan Kjellman will serve as responsible auditor.Item 11. Resolution on principles for appointment of nomination committeeThe nomination committee proposes that the Annual General Meeting resolves to approve the following instructions on appointment of a nomination committee for the annual general meeting 2024.- The nomination committee shall be convened by the chairman of the board and shall consist of representatives of the four largest shareholders.- The representative of the largest shareholder shall be the chairman of the nomination committee. If the representative of the largest shareholder declines the assignment as chairman of the nomination committee  the nomination committee shall within itself ap-point a chairman.- The names of the members of the nomination committee as well as the shareholders they represent shall be announced as soon as they have been appointed.- If a shareholder  who is represented in the nomination committee  after the announcement no longer is one of the four largest shareholders  its representative shall resign from its position and such shareholder that by this time is instead one of the four largest shareholders shall be invited to nominate a representative on the Company's nomination committee.- Shareholders who have appointed representatives in the nomination committee are entitled to remove such representatives and appoint new representatives.- If a shareholder  who is entitled to appoint a member of the nomination committee  de-clines to appoint a member  this right shall not be transferred to another shareholder.- The nomination committee shall prepare proposals on the following issues for resolution at the annual general meeting 2024:Chairman at the meeting;Board remuneration;Election of board members and chairman of the board;Election of auditor and remuneration to the auditor; andPrinciples for appointment of nomination committee for the annual general meeting 2025.No remuneration will be paid to the nomination committee. However  the Company shall reimburse reasonable costs to enable the nomination committee to carry out its assignments.The Board of Directors' proposalsItem 7.b. Allocation of the Company's result according to the adopted balance sheetThe Board proposes that no dividend is distributed to the shareholders for the financial year 2022.Item 13. Authorization for the board of directors to issue new shares  warrants and/or convertiblesThe board of directors proposes that the general meeting resolves to authorize the board to  at one or several occasions during the time up until the next annual general meeting  resolve on new issues of shares  warrants and/or convertibles. The board shall have the right to resolve on new issues of shares  warrants and/or convertibles with deviation from the shareholders' pre-emption rights and/or with provisions on payment in kind  by set-off of claims or otherwise on such terms and conditions as referred to in Chapter 2  Section 5  second paragraph  points 1–3 and 5  of the Swedish Companies Act.The total increase of shares that may be issued based on or as a result of this authorization cannot in aggregate exceed 20 percent of the number of outstanding shares in the Company at the time of the annual general meeting. Issues based on the authorization shall be made at market value  including market rate discount  if applicable. The board shall have the right to set the terms and conditions for issues under this authorization as well as to decide who shall have the right to subscribe for the new shares  warrants or convertibles. The reasons for the board to resolve on issues with deviation from the shareholders' pre-emption rights and/or with provisions on payment in kind  by set-off of claims or otherwise on such terms and conditions as referred to in Chapter 2  Section 5  second paragraph  points 1–3 and 5  of the Swedish Companies Act are to be able to carry out directed share issues to raise capital to the Company and/or to strengthen the Company's financial position.The CEO  or a person appointed by the board of directors  shall be entitled to make any minor amendments that may be required in connection with registering the resolution with the Swedish Companies Registration Office and/or Euroclear.A resolution in accordance with this proposal requires approval by at least two thirds (2/3) of the votes cast as well as the shares represented at the annual general meeting.DocumentationThe complete proposals of the board of directors and the nomination committee together with the annual report and the auditor's report  as well as other documents according to the Swedish Companies Act  will be available at the Company's premises with address Metallgatan 6  262 72 Ängelholm and on the Company's website in due time prior to the annual general meeting. The documents will also be sent without charge to shareholders who so request and inform the Company of their postal address. Such documentation will also be available at the Annual General Meeting.Information to shareholdersUpon the request of a shareholder  and where the board of directors believes that so may take place without significant harm to the Company  the board of directors and the CEO shall provide information in respect of any circumstances which may affect the assessment of a matter on the agenda  and any circumstances which may affect the assessment of the Company's financial position.A request for such information shall be sent by e-mail to agm2023@oxemarine.com or by post to OXE Marine AB (publ) att. Paul Frick  Metallgatan 6  262 72 Ängelholm  no later than April 22  2023.The information will be held available at the Company's premises and on the Company's website no later than April 25. 2023  and will also be sent  within the same period of time  to a shareholder who has so requested and in connection therewith provided its postal address.Processing of personal dataFor information on the Company's processing of personal data in connection with the annual general meeting  please refer to https://www.euroclear.com/dam/ESwithLegal/Privacy-notice-bolagsstammor-engelska.pdfHelsingborg in March 2023OXE Marine AB (publ)The board of directorsCONTACT:For further information  please contact:Anders Berg  CEO  OXE Marine AB  anders.berg@oxemarine.com  +46 70 358 91 55Jonas Wikström  Chair of the board  jonas.wikstrom@oxemarine.com  +46 70 753 65 66OXE Marine AB (publ) (NASDAQ STO: OXE  OTCQX: CMMCF) has  after several years of development  constructed the OXE Diesel  the world's first diesel outboard engine in the high-power segment. The Company's unique patented engine-to-propulsion power transmission solutions have led to high demand for the Company's engines worldwideThe following files are available for download:View original content: https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/oxe-marine-ab-publ-convening-notice-for-annual-general-meeting-301787238.htmlSOURCE OXE Marine AB",neutral,0.03,0.97,0.0,positive,0.81,0.17,0.02,True,English,"['OXE MARINE AB', 'ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING', 'CONVENING NOTICE', 'PUBL', 'OXE Marine AB', 'på Hotell Erikslund', 'Jonas Wikström', 'Christian von Koenigsegg', 'ten ordinary members', 'corporate ID number', 'daytime telephone number', 'Euroclear Sweden AB', 'equivalent authorization document', 'five deputy members', 'Annual General Meeting', 'postal voting form', 'nomination committee Resolution', 'other board members', 'The Nomination Committee', 'voting right registration', 'annual report', 'voting list', 'postal service', 'five years', 'Åstorpsvägen', 'share register', 'Paul Frick', 'right registrations', 'legal person', 'two persons', 'report Resolutions', 'income statement', 'balance sheet', 'managing director', 'Martin Polo', 'Per Lindberg', 'several persons', 'respective renumerations', 'auditor Resolution', 'Nominee-registered shares', 'agenda Submission', 'new shares', 'proxy form', 'total remuneration', 'mail address', 'auditor Election', 'ÄNGELHOLM', 'shareholders', 'Bolaget', 'May', 'circumstances', 'April', 'intention', 'Notification', 'Company', 'oxemarine', 'publ', 'Metallgatan', 'name', 'personal', 'shareholding', 'assistants', 'AGM', 'addition', 'accordance', 'procedures', 'advance', 'preparation', 'copy', 'certificate', 'period', 'issuance', 'original', 'request', 'website', 'Opening', 'chairman', 'approval', 'minutes', 'Determination', 'adoption', 'allocation', 'result', 'discharge', 'liability', 'directors', 'principles', 'appointment', 'warrants', 'convertibles', 'proposals', 'Item', 'SEK', 'invoice', 'articles', 'association', 'less', 'three', '1']",2023-03-31,2023-04-01,marketscreener.com
21900,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.co.uk/news-releases/notice-of-annual-general-meeting-2023-in-enzymatica-ab-publ-301787011.html,Notice of Annual General Meeting 2023 in Enzymatica AB (publ),LUND  Sweden  March 31  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- The English text is an unofficial translation. In case of any discrepancies between the Swedish text and the English translation  the Swedish text shall prevail The annual general meeting of Enzymatica AB (publ)  r…,"LUND  Sweden  March 31  2023 /PRNewswire/ --The English text is an unofficial translation. In case of any discrepancies between the Swedish text and the English translation  the Swedish text shall prevailThe annual general meeting of Enzymatica AB (publ)  reg. no. 556719-9244 (the ""Company"")  will be held on 4 May 2023 at 14:30  Elite Hotel Ideon  Scheelevägen 27 in Lund.Notification etc.Those who wish to participate in the annual general meeting must:(i) be listed as a shareholder in the presentation of the share register prepared by Euroclear Sweden AB concerning the circumstances as per the record date of 25 April 2023; and(ii) give notice of intent to participate no later than 27 April 2023. Notification shall be made either in writing to Enzymatica AB  Att: Sriwarint Olsson  Ideon Science Park  Scheelevägen 19  SE-223 70 Lund  or by email  sriwarint.olsson@enzymatica.com.The notice shall include full name  personal identification number or corporate registration number  address and daytime telephone number and  where appropriate  information about representative  proxy and assistants. The number of assistants may not be more than two (2). The notification should  where appropriate  be accompanied by proxies  registration certificates and other documents of authority.In order to be entitled to participate in the meeting  a shareholder whose shares are registered in the name of a nominee must  in addition to giving notice of participation in the annual general meeting  register its shares in its own name at Euroclear Sweden AB so that the shareholder is listed in the share register as of the record date of 25 April 2023. Such re-registration may be temporary (so called voting rights registration)  and a request for such voting rights registration shall be made to the nominee  in accordance with the nominee's routines  at such time in advance as decided by the nominee. Voting rights registration that has been made by the nominee no later than the second banking day after 25 April 2023  will be taken into account in the presentation of the share register.Proxies etc.If a shareholder is to vote through a proxy  a written  dated and signed proxy by the shareholder must be provided at the general meeting. The proxy may not be older than one (1) year  unless longer validity (maximum of five (5) years) is stated in the proxy. If the proxy is issued by a legal entity  the current registration certificate or equivalent authorisation document for the legal entity must also be provided. To facilitate an easier passing  a copy of the proxy and other documents of authority should be enclosed with the registration for the general meeting. Proxy forms will be kept available on the Company's website  www.enzymatica.se  and at the Company's head office and will be sent by post to shareholders who contact the Company and state their address.Proposed agenda1. Opening of the meeting2. Election of chairman of the meeting3. Election of persons to approve the minutes4. Preparation and approval of the voting list5. Approval of the agenda6. Determination as to whether the meeting has been duly convened7. Presentation of the annual report and auditor's report and the consolidated annual report and consolidated auditor's report8. Address by the CEO9. Resolution on:(a) Adoption of the profit and loss statement and balance sheet  as well as the consolidated profit and loss statement and the consolidated balance sheet(b) Distribution of the Company's profit or loss according to the adopted balance sheet(c) Discharge from liability of the members of the board of directors and the CEO10. Determination of the number of members of the board of directors and auditors11. Determination of remuneration to the members of the board of directors and the auditors.12. Election of:(a) Members of the board of directors and deputy directors(b) Chairman of the board of directors(c) Auditors and any deputy auditors13. Resolution regarding authorisation of the board of directors to issue new shares14. Closing of the meetingResolution proposalsItem 2 - Resolution on election of chairman of the meetingThe nomination committee proposes that attorney Henric Stråth  Moll Wendén Law Firm  shall be elected chairman of the meeting.Item 9(b) - Resolution on disposition of the Company's profit or lossThe board of directors has proposed to the 2023 annual general meeting that no dividend is paid and that the funds at the disposal of the general meeting are carried forward.Items 10-12 - Resolution on election of members of the board of directors and auditor and remunerationIn accordance with the principles for the Nomination Committee which were established at the annual general meeting 2019  the nomination committee shall consist of representatives of the four largest shareholders at the end of September each year  together with the chairman of the board. The Nomination Committee  in respect of the annual general meeting 2023  has been comprised of Mats Andersson (Abanico Invest AB as well as private holdings)  Håkan Roos (Roosgruppen AB)  Björn Algkvist (Fibonacci Growth Capital AB)  Guðmundur Pálmason (Fortus hf.) and the chairman of the board  Bengt Baron. Björn Algkvist served as chairman of the Nomination Committee.Proposal pursuant to item 10: The nomination committee proposes that the board of directors shall consist of six (6) ordinary members without deputies until the end of the next annual general meeting. Furthermore  the nomination committee proposes that one registered auditing company is appointed as auditor until the end of the next annual general meeting.Proposal pursuant to 11: The nomination committee proposes that remuneration for the board of directors  excluding remuneration for committee work  shall be paid with a total of SEK 1 625 000 (unchanged) of which SEK 500 000 (unchanged) is remuneration for the chairman of the board of directors and SEK 225 000 (unchanged) to every other member of the board of directors who are not employed by the Company. In addition  the nomination committee proposes that remuneration for work in the audit committee shall be paid with SEK 175 000 (unchanged) to the chairman of the audit committee and SEK 50 000 (unchanged) to every other member of the audit committee. The nomination committee proposes that no remuneration shall be paid for work in the remuneration committee.The nomination committee proposes that remuneration to the auditor shall be paid in accordance with approved invoices.Proposal pursuant to item 12: The nomination committee proposes re-election of Bengt Baron  Guðmundur Pálmason  Mats Andersson  Louise Nicolin  Helene Willberg and Moa Fransson as ordinary members. Furthermore  the nomination committee proposes the re-election of Bengt Baron as chairman of the board.Information on members proposed for election is available on the Company's website  www.enzymatica.seThe nomination committee proposes  in accordance with the audit committee's recommendation  re-election of the registered auditing company Deloitte AB as auditor in the Company for the period until the end of the next annual general meeting. Deloitte AB has notified that  should the annual general meeting approve the proposal  the authorised public accountant Jeanette Roosberg will be the auditor-in-charge.Item 13 - Resolution regarding authorisation of the board of directors to issue new sharesThe board of directors proposes that the meeting authorises the board of directors until the next annual general meeting to  on one or more occasions  resolve to increase the Company's share capital by issue of no more than shares corresponding to ten (10) per cent of the total number of shares in the Company at the time of the meeting's decision of authorisation.However  such issues may not cause the share capital in the Company to exceed the Company's highest allowed share capital according to the articles of association. The board of directors may deviate from the shareholders' preferential rights. The reason for the board of directors' authorisation to deviate from the shareholders' preferential rights is to enable the Company to raise new capital and to take advantage of future opportunities to attract new long-term owners and to finance the Company's growth strategy. The authorisation also includes the right to decide onpayment for the issued shares by set-off  in kind or other conditions as referred in Chapter 13  section 5  item 6 of the Swedish Companies Act (Sw. aktiebolagslagen (2005:551)). At a deviation from the shareholders' preferential rights  the issue rate shall be determined in accordance with market conditions  taking into account any discount on market terms.Majority rulesFor a valid resolution on the proposal pursuant to item 13  the proposal has to be supported by shareholders with at least two-thirds (2/3) of the votes cast as well as the shares represented at the meeting.Available documentsThe complete proposals and other documents that shall be made available prior to the annual general meeting pursuant to the Swedish Companies Act will be made available at the Company and at the Company's website  www.enzymatica.se  at least three weeks prior to the annual general meeting. The documents will also be sent free of charge to shareholders who so request and provide their address to the Company. In other respects  the board of directors' complete proposals for resolutions are stated in the notice.Information at the annual general meetingThe board of directors and CEO shall  if any shareholder so requests and the board of directors believes that it can be done without material harm to the Company  provide information regarding circumstances that may affect the assessment of an item on the agenda and circumstances that can affect the assessment of the Company's or its subsidiaries' financial situation and the Company's relation to other companies within the group.Shareholders who wish to submit a question in advance can do so by mail to Sriwarint Olsson at the address Enzymatica AB  Att: ""AGM 2023""  Ideon Science Park  Scheelevägen 19  SE-223 70 Lund or via email to sriwarint.olsson@enzymatica.com. Submissions should include the name of the shareholder including such shareholder's personal or organisation number. It is also recommended that the submission includes the shareholder's postal address  email address and telephone number.Shares and votes in the CompanyThe total number of shares and votes in the Company amounts as per the date of this notice to 164 256 840. The Company does not hold any own shares.Processing of personal dataFor information on how your personal data is processed  the Company refers to the integrity policy available on Euroclear Sweden AB's website https://www.euroclear.com/dam/ESwithLegal/Privacy-notice-bolagsstammor-engelska.pdf.Lund in March 2023Enzymatica AB (publ)The Board of DirectorsFor more information  please contact:Claus Egstrand  Chief Executive Officer  Enzymatica ABPhone: +44 7780 22 8385 | Email: claus.egstrand@enzymatica.comStefan Olsson  Communication Manager  Enzymatica ABPhone: +46 708 55 11 85 | Email: stefan.olsson@enzymatica.comEnzymatica AB is headquartered in Lund  Sweden  and is listed on Nasdaq First North Growth Market. For more information  please visit www.enzymatica.se. Enzymatica's Certified Adviser is Erik Penser Bank. Tel: +46 8 463 83 00 Email: certifiedadviser@penser.se.The following files are available for download:https://mb.cision.com/Main/18091/3744933/1959256.pdf Press release Notice of AGM Enzymatica 230331 https://mb.cision.com/Public/18091/3744933/9f0467a389f13b10.pdf The Nomination Committee s reasoned statement 2023 Enzymatica https://mb.cision.com/Public/18091/3744933/9e42da58e587f88c.pdf Enzymatica Form of Proxy AGM 2023SOURCE Enzymatica AB",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.54,0.23,0.23,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'Enzymatica AB', 'Notice', 'Moll Wendén Law Firm', 'attorney Henric Stråth', 'Elite Hotel Ideon', 'Ideon Science Park', 'second banking day', 'Abanico Invest AB', 'current registration certificate', 'personal identification number', 'daytime telephone number', 'equivalent authorisation document', 'four largest shareholders', 'Euroclear Sweden AB', 'corporate registration number', 'voting rights registration', 'The Nomination Committee', 'annual general meeting', 'consolidated balance sheet', 'Enzymatica AB', 'registration certificates', 'voting list', 'annual report', 'English text', 'unofficial translation', 'Swedish text', 'English translation', 'Scheelevägen', 'share register', 'record date', 'other documents', 'Such re-registration', 'one (1) year', 'longer validity', 'five (5) years', 'legal entity', 'easier passing', 'head office', 'Mats Andersson', 'private holdi', 'consolidated profit', 'Sriwarint Olsson', 'loss statement', 'full name', 'new shares', 'deputy auditors', 'Resolution proposals', 'Proxy forms', 'deputy directors', 'LUND', 'March', 'PRNewswire', 'case', 'discrepancies', 'publ', 'reg.', 'Company', '4 May', 'Notification', 'presentation', 'circumstances', '25 April', 'notice', 'intent', '27 April', 'writing', 'email', 'address', 'information', 'representative', 'assistants', 'proxies', 'authority', 'order', 'nominee', 'addition', 'participation', 'request', 'accordance', 'routines', 'advance', 'account', 'written', 'signed', 'copy', 'website', 'post', 'agenda', 'Opening', 'Election', 'chairman', 'persons', 'minutes', 'Preparation', 'approval', 'Determination', 'CEO', 'Adoption', 'Distribution', 'Discharge', 'liability', 'members', 'board', 'remuneration', 'Closing', 'Item', 'disposition', 'funds', 'disposal', 'principles', 'September', 'respect', '9.']",2023-03-31,2023-04-01,prnewswire.co.uk
21901,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/EURONEXT-N-V-16725768/news/Convening-of-the-Annual-General-Meeting-of-Euronext-N-V-43395155/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230331,Convening of the Annual General Meeting of Euronext N.V.,(marketscreener.com) Contacts Media Contact Investor Relations Amsterdam +31 20 721 4133 Brussels +32 2 620 15 50 +33 1 70 48 24 27 Dublin +33 1 70 48 24 45 Lisbon +351 210 600 614   Milan +39 02 72 42 62 12 Oslo +47 41 69 59 10   Paris +33 1 70 48 24 45     …,"Contacts Media Contact Investor Relations Amsterdam +31 20 721 4133 Brussels +32 2 620 15 50 +33 1 70 48 24 27 Dublin +33 1 70 48 24 45 Lisbon +351 210 600 614 Milan +39 02 72 42 62 12 Oslo +47 41 69 59 10 Paris +33 1 70 48 24 45Convening of the Annual General Meeting of Euronext N.V.Amsterdam  Brussels  Dublin  Lisbon  Milan  Oslo and Paris – 31 March 2023 – Euronext today announced that the Annual General Meeting (“AGM”) will take place on Wednesday 17 May 2023 at 10.30 CEST at Beursplein 5  1012 JW Amsterdam  The Netherlands.The agenda for the meeting is as follows:Opening Presentation of the Chief Executive Officer (discussion item) Annual report 2022 Explanation of the policy on additions to reserves and dividends (discussion item) Proposal to adopt the 2022 remuneration report (voting item 1) Proposal to adopt the 2022 financial statements (voting item 2) Proposal to adopt a dividend of €2.22 per ordinary share (voting item 3) Proposal to discharge the members of the Managing Board in respect of their duties performed during the year 2022 (voting item 4) Proposal to discharge the members of the Supervisory Board in respect of their duties performed during the year 2022 (voting item 5) Composition of the Supervisory Board Re-appointment of Nathalie Rachou as a member of the Supervisory Board (voting item 6) Re-appointment of Morten Thorsrud as a member of the Supervisory Board (voting item 7) Composition of the Managing Board Re-appointment of Stéphane Boujnah as a member of the Managing Board (voting item 8) Re-appointment of Daryl Byrne as a member of the Managing Board (voting item 9) Re-appointment of Chris Topple as a member of the Managing Board (voting item 10) Re-appointment of Isabel Ucha as a member of the Managing Board (voting item 11) Appointment of Manuel Bento as a member of the Managing Board (voting item 12) Appointment of Benoît van den Hove as a member of the Managing Board (voting item 13) Proposal to appoint the external auditor (voting item 14) Proposal to designate the Managing Board as the competent body: to issue ordinary shares (voting item 15); and to restrict or exclude the pre-emptive rights of shareholders (voting item 16) Proposal to authorise the Managing Board to acquire ordinary shares in the share capital of the company on behalf of the company (voting item 17) Any other business CloseThe AGM will be conducted in English.Registration date AGMPursuant to Dutch law and Euronext N.V.’s Articles of Association  the persons who will be considered as entitled to attend and vote at the AGM are those persons who are registered as such in the administrations held by their financial intermediaries (the “Shareholders”) on 19 April 2023  after processing of all settlements on that date (the “Registration Date”).Registration and voting instructionsShareholders holding their shares through Euroclear France S.A. (i.e. the public) who wish to attend the AGM  provide instructions or grant a power of attorney to vote on their behalf  must complete the form (voting form / attendance card request) provided for this purpose by their financial intermediary or by Euronext Securities Department – Uptevia. The Shareholders should be aware that these documents must be received  no later than on Thursday 11 May 2023 by their financial intermediary for receipt no later than on Friday 12 May 2023 by Uptevia  Assemblées Générales  9 rue du Débarcadère 93761 Pantin Cedex  France. The financial intermediary should deliver to the Shareholder a certificate of holding containing: name and city of residence of the Shareholder; number of shares; name and city of residence of the attendee (if different from the Shareholder) and declaration that the shares were in custody with the Euroclear France-admitted institution on the Registration Date. This certificate will serve as the admission certificate for the AGM for the Shareholder.Shareholders holding their shares through Interbolsa in Portugal who wish to attend the AGM  provide instructions or grant a power of attorney to vote on their behalf  must complete the form (voting form / attendance card request) provided for this purpose by Euronext Securities Department – Uptevia Corporate Trust. The Shareholders should be aware that these documents must be received  no later than on Thursday 11 May 2023 by their financial intermediary for receipt no later than on Friday 12 May 2023 by BNP Paribas Securities Services  PT Local Team  Edificio ART’S – Av. D. Joao II – Lote 1.18.01  Bloco B  1998-028 Lisboa  Portugal. The financial intermediary should deliver to the Shareholder a certificate of holding containing: name and city of residence of the Shareholder; number of shares on the Registration Date; name and city of residence of the attendee (if different from the Shareholder). This certificate will serve as admission certificate for the AGM for the Shareholder.Persons without a valid admission certificate will not be given access to the meeting. Attendants may be asked for identification prior to being admitted.At the time of the publication of this convening notice  Euronext’s total issued share capital in number of issued shares and in voting rights is published on Euronext’s website:https://www.euronext.com/en/investor-relations/capital-and-shareholdingWebcastThere will be a live broadcast of the AGM viahttps://channel.royalcast.com/landingpage/euronextwebcast/20230517_1/AGM DocumentationThe AGM Documentation (i.e. this convening notice  the agenda and the explanatory notes thereto including the information on the persons to be appointed to the Supervisory Board and the Managing Board  as well as the 2022 Annual Report) is available:at the registered office of Euronext N.V.: Beursplein 5  1012 JW Amsterdam  The Netherlandsby email request to EuronextCorporateSecretary@euronext.comon Euronext’s website https://www.euronext.com/en/investor-relations/shareholder-meetingsat Uptevia - CTS Assemblées Générales – 9 rue du Débarcadère  93761 Pantin Cedex  France - + 33 1 57 43 02 30Managing Board and Supervisory Board of Euronext N.V.Beursplein 5  1012 JW Amsterdam  The NetherlandsRegistered at the Dutch Chamber of Commerce  under number 60234520CONTACTS MEDIA – mediateam@euronext.com Aurélie Cohen (Europe) +33 1 70 48 24 45 parispressoffice@euronext.com Marianne Aalders (Amsterdam) +31 20 721 41 33 maalders@euronext.com Pascal Brabant (Brussels) +32 2 620 15 50 pbrabant@euronext.com Sandra Machado (Lisbon) +351 210 600 614 smachado@euronext.com Andrea Monzani (Europe/Milan/Rome) +39 02 72 42 62 13 italypressoffice@euronext.com Cathrine Lorvik Segerlund (Oslo) +47 41 69 59 10 clsegerlund@euronext.com Sarah Mound (Corporate  Paris) +33 1 70 48 24 45 smound@euronext.com Coralie Patri (Europe – Corporate Services) +33 7 88 34 27 44 cpatri@euronext.comANALYSTS & INVESTORS – ir@euronext.com Aurélie Cohen +33 1 70 48 24 27 ir@euronext.com Clément Kubiak +33 1 70 48 26 33 ir@euronext.comAbout EuronextEuronext is the leading pan-European market infrastructure  connecting European economies to global capital markets  to accelerate innovation and sustainable growth. It operates regulated exchanges in Belgium  France  Ireland  Italy  the Netherlands  Norway and Portugal. With close to 1 930 listed equity issuers and around €6.3 trillion in market capitalisation as of end December 2022  it has an unmatched blue chip franchise and a strong diverse domestic and international client base. Euronext operates regulated and transparent equity and derivatives markets  one of Europe’s leading electronic fixed income trading markets and is the largest centre for debt and funds listings in the world. Its total product offering includes Equities  FX  Exchange Traded Funds  Warrants & Certificates  Bonds  Derivatives  Commodities and Indices. The Group provides a multi-asset clearing house through Euronext Clearing  and custody and settlement services through Euronext Securities central securities depositories in Denmark  Italy  Norway and Portugal. Euronext also leverages its expertise in running markets by providing technology and managed services to third parties. In addition to its main regulated market  it also operates a number of junior markets  simplifying access to listing for SMEs.For the latest news  go to euronext.com or follow us on Twitter (twitter.com/euronext) and LinkedIn (linkedin.com/euronext).DisclaimerThis press release is for information purposes only: it is not a recommendation to engage in investment activities and is provided “as is”  without representation or warranty of any kind. While all reasonable care has been taken to ensure the accuracy of the content  Euronext does not guarantee its accuracy or completeness. Euronext will not be held liable for any loss or damages of any nature ensuing from using  trusting or acting on information provided. No information set out or referred to in this publication may be regarded as creating any right or obligation. The creation of rights and obligations in respect of financial products that are traded on the exchanges operated by Euronext’s subsidiaries shall depend solely on the applicable rules of the market operator. All proprietary rights and interest in or connected with this publication shall vest in Euronext. This press release speaks only as of this date. Euronext refers to Euronext N.V. and its affiliates. Information regarding trademarks and intellectual property rights of Euronext is available at www.euronext.com/terms-use.© 2023  Euronext N.V. - All rights reserved.The Euronext Group processes your personal data in order to provide you with information about Euronext (the ""Purpose""). With regard to the processing of this personal data  Euronext will comply with its obligations under Regulation (EU) 2016/679 of the European Parliament and Council of 27 April 2016 (General Data Protection Regulation  “GDPR”)  and any applicable national laws  rules and regulations implementing the GDPR  as provided in its privacy statement available at: www.euronext.com/privacy-policy. In accordance with the applicable legislation you have rights with regard to the processing of your personal data: for more information on your rights  please refer to: www.euronext.com/data_subjects_rights_request_information. To make a request regarding the processing of your data or to unsubscribe from this press release service  please use our data subject request form at connect2.euronext.com/form/data-subjects-rights-request or email our Data Protection Officer at dpo@euronext.com.Attachment",neutral,0.17,0.83,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.95,0.04,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'Euronext N.V.', 'Benoît van den Hove', '9 rue du Débarcadère', 'Assemblées Générales', 'Av. D. Joao II', 'Media Contact Investor Relations', 'BNP Paribas Securities Services', 'Euroclear France S.A.', 'Euroclear France-admitted institution', 'Edificio ART’S', 'Euronext N.V.', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'Stéphane Boujnah', 'attendance card request', 'PT Local Team', 'Euronext Securities Department', 'Uptevia Corporate Trust', 'Annual General Meeting', 'valid admission certificate', 'Annual report', 'Wednesday 17 May', 'The Netherlands', 'Opening Presentation', '2022 remuneration report', '2022 financial statements', 'ordinary share', 'Managing Board', 'Supervisory Board', 'Nathalie Rachou', 'Morten Thorsrud', 'Daryl Byrne', 'Chris Topple', 'Isabel Ucha', 'Manuel Bento', 'external auditor', 'competent body', 'pre-emptive rights', 'share capital', 'other business', 'Dutch law', 'financial intermediaries', 'financial intermediary', 'Thursday 11 May', 'Friday 12 May', 'Pantin Cedex', 'Bloco B', 'Registration date', '1012 JW Amsterdam', 'voting instructions', 'The Shareholders', 'voting form', 'The AGM', 'discussion item', 'shares', 'Contacts', 'Brussels', 'Dublin', 'Lisbon', 'Milan', 'Oslo', 'Paris', '31 March', 'place', '10.30 CEST', 'Beursplein', 'agenda', 'Explanation', 'policy', 'additions', 'reserves', 'dividends', 'Proposal', 'members', 'respect', 'duties', 'year', 'Composition', 'appointment', 'company', 'behalf', 'English', 'Articles', 'Association', 'persons', 'administrations', '19 April', 'processing', 'settlements', 'public', 'power', 'attorney', 'purpose', 'documents', 'receipt', 'holding', 'name', 'city', 'residence', 'number', 'attendee', 'declaration', 'custody', 'Interbolsa', 'Portugal', 'Lote', 'Lisboa', 'access', 'Attendants', 'identification', 'time', '70']",2023-03-31,2023-04-01,marketscreener.com
21902,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/BYGGMAX-GROUP-AB-PUBL-6533608/news/Byggmax-Notification-of-the-Annual-General-Meeting-2023-43393224/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230331,Byggmax : Notification of the Annual General Meeting 2023,(marketscreener.com)   NOTIFICATION OF THE ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING   BYGGMAX GROUP AB    Shareholders of Byggmax Group AB   Corporate Registration Number 556656-3531  are hereby notified of the Annual General Meeting to be held on Friday  May 5  2023  …,"Byggmax : Notification of the Annual General Meeting 2023 03/31/2023 | 08:15am EDT Send by mail :Name : First name : From * : To * : (You can enter multiple email addresses separated by commas) Message : * Required fields NOTIFICATION OF THE ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING BYGGMAX GROUP AB (PUBL) Shareholders of Byggmax Group AB (publ)  Corporate Registration Number 556656-3531  (the ""Company"") are hereby notified of the Annual General Meeting (AGM) to be held on Friday  May 5  2023  at 10 a.m. at Lindhagen Konferens  Lindhagensgatan 126  112 51 Stockholm  Sweden. After the close of the Annual General Meeting  the Company will give shareholders an opportunity to accompany the Company on a visit to some of the Company's stores. The visits are planned to take about three hours. Shareholders who wish to participate in these visits must notify the Company of their intention in connection with their notification of participation in the Annual General Meeting as described below. Notification  etc. Shareholders who wish to participate at the Annual General Meeting must: both be listed in the register of shareholders maintained by Euroclear Sweden AB on Wednesday  April 26  2023  andnotify the Company of their intention to attend the AGM  no later than on Friday  April 28  2023  to the address Byggmax Group AB (publ)  c/o AdvokatfirmanLindahl KB  Studentgatan 6  211 38 Malmö  Sweden (Labeled ""Annual General Meeting"")  or by e-mail to byggmax@lindahl.se. When giving notice of participation  shareholders must state: their name  personal ID/corporate registration number (or equivalent)  address  telephone number  shareholding in the Company  the names of any advisers (maximum two) and  when applicable  the name of a proxy or legal representative. Trustee registered shares To be able to participate at the AGM  shareholders who have registered their shares in the name of a trustee must request registration of the shares in their own names in the register maintained by Euroclear Sweden AB. Registration of shareholders should be completed not later than April 28  2023. The shareholder should notify the trustee well in advance of this date. Such registration may be temporary. Proxies Shareholders who intend to be represented by proxy must issue a dated power of attorney for the proxy. If the power of attorney is issued by a legal entity  an attested copy of the certificate of registration or its equivalent for the legal entity must be enclosed with the notice of participation. The period of validity of the power of attorney is permitted to extend to five years from the date of issue. An original of the power of attorney and  when applicable  the certificate of registration should be submitted to the Company at the above address  in good time  prior to the AGM. The Company provides proxy forms on request and these are also available from the Company's website  www.byggmax.com. Number of shares and votes The Company had a total of 58 625 045 shares and votes at the date of issue of the notification. The Company does not own any of its own shares. Proposed agenda Opening of the Meeting and election of the Chairman for the Meeting Preparation and approval of the voting list Approval of the agenda Election of one or two persons to verify the minutes Determination of whether the Meeting has been duly convened Presentation of the Annual Report and the Auditors' Report  as well as the Consolidated Financial Statements and the Consolidated Auditor's Report Address by the Managing Director Resolution regarding the adoption of the income statement and balance sheet as well as the consolidated income statement and consolidated balance sheet Resolution regarding the appropriation of the Company's profit in accordance with the adopted balance sheet Resolution regarding discharge from liability of the Board of Directors and the Managing Director Determination of the number of Board members  auditors and deputy auditors Determination of fees for members of the Board of Directors and auditor Election of Board members  Chairman of the Board and auditor Submission of the remuneration report for approval Resolution regarding authorization for the Board of Directors to resolve on issue of shares  warrants and/or convertible instruments Resolution regarding authorization for the Board of Directors to resolve on acquisitions and transfer of own shares Resolution regarding incentive program  comprising a private placement and assignment of warrants Close of the Meeting Proposals for resolution The Nomination Committee  which comprises of Anders Algotsson  AFA Försäkring; Hans Christian Bratterud  Verdipapirfonde Odin Sverige; and Anders Moberg  Chairman of the Board  have submitted proposals for items 1 and 11-13. The Nomination Committee has been appointed in accordance with the principles previously decided by the 2020 Annual General Meeting. Item 1 - Election of Chairman for the Meeting The Nomination Committee proposes the election of Anders Moberg as Chairman of the Annual General Meeting. Item 9 - Resolution regarding the appropriation of the Company's profit in accordance with the adopted balance sheet The Board proposes that no dividend will be distributed for the financial year of 2022  and that the remaining profits be carried forward. Item 11 - Determination of the number of Board members  auditors and deputy auditors The Nomination Committee proposes that the number of Board members elected by the Annual General Meeting is six (seven according to the resolution from the AGM 2022). Furthermore  the Committee proposes one auditor with no deputy. Item 12 - Determination of fees for members of the Board of Directors and auditor The Nomination Committee proposes a fee of SEK 900 000 (875 000) to the Chairman of the Board and fees of SEK 360 000 (350 000) to each of the other Board members. For the Audit Committee  fees are proposed of SEK 180 000 (150 000) to the Chairman and SEK 80 000 (75 000) to each of the other two members. For the Remuneration Committee  fees are proposed of SEK 65 000 (65 000) to the Chairman and SEK 40 000 (40 000) to each of the other two members. Altogether  the Nomination Committee's proposal means that total remuneration to the Board  compared to the previous year  will decrease with SEK 235 000 to SEK 3 185 000. The Nomination Committee also proposes that fees to the auditor are paid against approved invoices. Item 13 - Election of Board members  Chairman of the Board and auditor The Nomination Committee proposes the re-election until the end of the next Annual General Meeting of the following Board members: Anders Moberg  Daniel Mühlbach  Gunilla Spongh  Lars Ljungälv  Andréas Elgaard and Catarina Fagerholm. Kjersti Hobøl has declined re- election. It is proposed that Anders Moberg be re-elected as Chairman of the Board. A presentation of all proposed Board members is available on the Company's website  www.byggmax.com. The Nomination Committee proposes  in accordance with the Audit Committee's recommendation  the re-election of the Company's current auditor  the registered accounting firm Öhrlings PricewaterhouseCoopers AB  until the end of the next Annual General Meeting. Öhrlings PricewaterhouseCoopers AB have notified that Authorized Public Accountant Cesar Moré will serve as the Auditor in Charge. Item 14 - Submission of remuneration report for approval The Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting resolves to approve the remuneration report in accordance with Chapter 8  Section 53 of the Swedish Companies Act. Item 15 - Resolution regarding authorization of the Board of Directors to issue new shares  warrants and/or convertible instruments The Board of Directors proposes it be authorized to  with or without deviation from shareholders' preferential rights and on one or several occasions during the period until the next Annual General Meeting  resolve to increase the Company's share capital by issuing new shares  warrants or convertible instruments. The number of shares that such issues may comprise may be equivalent to a maximum of ten percent of the share capital of the Company at the time of the Annual General Meeting's resolution on the authorization. Any issues with deviation from shareholders' preferential rights shall be conducted under market conditions  subject to issue discounts in line with market practice  and payment may  apart from payment in cash  be made in kind or by set-off or otherwise be coupled with conditions pursuant to the Swedish Companies Act. Other conditions for issues pursuant to this authorization  including to whom an issue is directed  shall be left for the discretion of the Board of Directors. The purpose of the authorization and the reasons for any deviation from shareholders' preferential rights is to finance acquisitions or otherwise to capitalize the Company in a time- and cost-effective way. The Managing Director  or any person appointed by the Board of Directors  shall be authorized to make minor amendments to the Annual General Meeting's resolution and to take those measures that are required in connection with the registration of the resolution. A resolution in accordance with this proposal is valid only where supported by shareholders holding not less than two thirds of both the votes cast and the shares represented at the General Meeting. Item 16 - Resolution regarding authorization of the Board of Directors to resolve on acquisitions and transfers of own shares The Board of Directors proposes it be authorized to  on one or several occasions during the period until the next Annual General Meeting  resolve on acquisitions of own shares as follows: Acquisition may take place provided that the Company's holding does not at any time exceed five per cent of all shares in the Company. Acquisition may take place on Nasdaq Stockholm. Acquisitions on Nasdaq Stockholm may only occur at a price per share within the price interval registered at any given time  i.e. the interval between the highest bid price and the lowest selling price. Payment for the shares shall be made in cash. The Board further proposes it be authorized to  on one or several occasions during the period until the next Annual General Meeting  resolve on transfer of the Company's own shares as follows: All treasury shares held by the Company at any given time may be transferred. Transfer of own shares shall be made either on Nasdaq Stockholm or in another manner with deviation from shareholders' preferential rights. Transfer of shares on Nasdaq Stockholm may only occur at a price per share within the price interval registered at any given time  i.e. the interval between the highest bid price and the lowest selling price. Transfer of own shares in another manner shall be conducted under market conditions  subject to issue discounts in line with market practice. Payment for transferred shares may  apart from payment in cash  be made in kind or by set-off. The purpose of the authorization to acquire and transfer own shares is to provide the Board of Directors with greater freedom of action in relation to the Company's capital structure  and to make it possible for the Company to finance acquisitions with own shares. The possibility to deviate from the shareholders' preferential rights when transferring own shares is motivated by the fact that such a transfer can be done more rapidly and more cost efficient than by a transfer to the shareholders. If  in connection with an acquisition  the Company's own shares are transferred against compensation in any other form than cash  the Company cannot provide the shareholders the opportunity to exercise their preferential rights. A resolution in accordance with this item is valid only where supported by shareholders holding not less than two thirds of both the votes cast and the shares represented at the General Meeting. Item 17 - Resolution regarding incentive program  comprising a private placement and assignment of warrants The Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting resolve on a long-term incentive program as follows  comprising the private placement of a new issue of warrants and the assignment of warrants. Background and motive The Board of Directors deems it important and in the interest of all shareholders that the employees of the Byggmax Group have a long-term interest in a favorable trend in the Company's share price. The Company has previously adopted warrants-based incentive programs at the 2019  2021 and 2022 Annual General Meetings. These programs are still outstanding (for additional information see the heading ""Outstanding and previous share- related incentive programs"" below). A warrants-based incentive program for the Byggmax Group's employees enables the reward of employees to be linked to the Company's future earnings and value trends. Long-term growth in value is thereby prioritized and the goals of shareholders and the employees concerned coincide. In addition  share-related incentive programs create a Group-wide focus for these employees and thus prioritize actions for the long-term. The incentive program is also assessed as facilitating the recruitment and retention of key employees by the Company. The Board of Directors therefore assesses  based on the design of the incentive program  that there is no need to establish any predetermined and measurable performance criteria for participation in the program. In light of the terms and conditions  the size of the allocation and other circumstances  the Board of Directors is of the opinion that the proposed incentive program  in accordance with the following  is both reasonable and advantageous for the Company and its shareholders. Allotment and general terms and conditions for the warrants A maximum issue of 580 000 warrants is proposed. The warrants are intended to be offered to employees at market rates in even lots of 1 000 warrants. Participants in the incentive program are divided into two categories. The Board of Directors of the Company should be empowered to decide on allocation of the warrants in accordance with the following guidelines: Category No. of participants in the category Guaranteed allocation of warrants per participant Managing Director 1 200 000 Other management 10 380 000 Total 11 580 000 The Company's current Managing Director Mattias Ankarberg will leave his role as Managing Director on August 9  2023  and shall therefore not be offered the opportunity to acquire warrants. The warrants above  which are intended for the Managing Director  may by the Attachments Original LinkOriginal DocumentPermalink Disclaimer Byggmax Group AB published this content on 31 March 2023 and is solely responsible for the information contained therein. Distributed by Public  unedited and unaltered  on 31 March 2023 12:14:06 UTC.© Publicnow 2023 All news about BYGGMAX GROUP AB (PUBL) 03/31 Byggmax : Notification of the Annual General Meeting 2023 PU 03/31 Byggmax : Nomination Committee's proposals PU 03/31 Notification of Annual General Meeting in Byggmax Group AB (publ) AQ 03/31 Byggmax Group AB Proposes No Dividend for the Financial Year of 2022 CI 03/31 Byggmax Group AB (publ.) publishes Annual Report and Sustainability Report for 2022 AQ 03/27 Byggmax : Auditors statement - Renumeration to senior executives PU 02/10 Thule Group Names Byggmax Boss as New President/CEO MT 02/09 President and CEO Mattias Ankarberg leaves Byggmax Group AQ 02/09 Byggmax Group AB Announces Resignation of Mattias Ankarberg as President  Effective Aug.. CI 02/09 Byggmax Group AB Announces Resignation of Mattias Ankarberg as CEO  Effective August 9 .. CI",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.59,0.33,0.08,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'Byggmax', 'Notification', 'AFA Försäkring', 'personal ID/corporate registration number', 'consolidated balance sheet Resolution', 'multiple email addresses', 'Advokatfirman Lindahl KB', 'Consolidated Financial Statements', 'Hans Christian Bratterud', 'Verdipapirfonde Odin Sverige', 'BYGGMAX GROUP AB', 'Annual General Meeting', 'The Nomination Committee', 'Euroclear Sweden AB', 'consolidated income statement', 'Managing Director Resolution', 'Consolidated Auditor', 'Annual Report', 'Meeting Preparation', 'telephone number', 'Lindhagen Konferens', 'three hours', 'legal representative', 'legal entity', 'five years', 'good time', 'agenda Opening', 'voting list', 'two persons', 'convertible instruments', 'incentive program', 'private placement', 'Anders Algotsson', 'Anders Moberg', 'Meeting Proposals', 'Such registration', 'remuneration report', 'deputy auditors', 'The Company', ""Auditors' Report"", 'agenda Election', 'minutes Determination', 'dated power', 'proxy forms', 'First name', 'Proxies Shareholders', 'auditor Election', 'Board members', 'Notification', 'commas', 'Message', 'fields', 'PUBL', 'AGM', 'Friday', 'May', '10 a', 'Lindhagensgatan', 'Stockholm', 'close', 'opportunity', 'visit', 'stores', 'intention', 'connection', 'participation', 'register', 'Wednesday', 'April', 'Studentgatan', '38 Malmö', 'notice', 'equivalent', 'shareholding', 'names', 'advisers', 'Trustee', 'shares', 'advance', 'attorney', 'attested', 'copy', 'certificate', 'period', 'validity', 'issue', 'original', 'request', 'website', 'votes', 'total', 'Chairman', 'approval', 'Presentation', 'adoption', 'appropriation', 'profit', 'accordance', 'discharge', 'liability', 'Directors', 'fees', 'Submission', 'authorization', 'warrants', 'acquisitions', 'transfer', 'assignment', 'items', 'principles', '112']",2023-03-31,2023-04-01,marketscreener.com
21903,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/DIGITALIST-GROUP-PLC-1412557/news/NOTICE-OF-DIGITALIST-GROUP-PLC-S-ANNUAL-GENERAL-MEETING-43392177/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230331,NOTICE OF DIGITALIST GROUP PLC'S ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING,(marketscreener.com) Digitalist Group Plc        Notice of Annual general meeting                31.3.2023 at 14.00                         NOTICE OF DIGITALIST GROUP PLC’S...https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/DIGITALIST-GROUP-PLC-1412557/news/NOTICE-…,Digitalist Group Plc Notice of Annual general meeting 31.3.2023 at 14.00NOTICE OF DIGITALIST GROUP PLC’S ANNUAL GENERAL MEETINGNotice is given to the shareholders of Digitalist Group Plc to the Annual General Meeting to be held on Wednesday 26 April 2023 at 4 p.m. at Siltasaari 10  Siltasaarenkatu 8-10 (entrance from Paasivuorenkatu)  00530 Helsinki. The reception of participants and the distribution of voting tickets will begin at 3:15 p.m.  as will the coffee service preceding the meeting.A. MATTERS ON THE AGENDA OF THE GENERAL MEETINGThe following matters will be considered at the General Meeting:1. Opening of the meeting2. Calling the meeting to order3. Election of person to scrutinize the minutes and to supervise the counting of votes4. Recording the legality of the meeting5. Recording the attendance at the meeting and adoption of the list of votes6. Presentation of the financial statement  the report of the Board of Directors  and the auditor’s report for the year 20227. Adoption of the financial statements8. Resolution on the use of the profit shown on the balance sheet and the payment of dividendsThe Board of Directors proposes that distributable assets be left in the equity and that no dividend for the financial period 2022 be paid to shareholders.9. Resolution on the discharge of the members of the Board of Directors and the Managing Director from liability10. Handling of the Remuneration Report for governing bodiesThe Board of Directors proposes to approve the Remuneration Report for governing bodies. According to the Finnish Limited Liability Companies Act  the resolution on the Remuneration Report is advisory.The Remuneration Report is available on Digitalist Group Plc's website https://investor.digitalistgroup.com/investor/governance/annual-general-meeting.11. Resolution on the remuneration of the members of the Board of Directors and on the grounds for compensation of travel expensesThe company’s largest shareholder  Turret Oy Ab  whose total share of the company’s shares and votes is approximately 49.33 per cent  proposes that the fees paid to the elected members of the Board of Directors be kept unchanged  and would thus be as follows:Chairman of the Board: EUR 40 000/year and EUR 500/meetingDeputy Chairman of the Board: EUR 30 000/year and EUR 250/meetingOther members of the Board of Directors: EUR 20 000/year and EUR 250/meetingFor the meetings of potential Board committees  EUR 500/meeting to the Chairman and EUR 250/meeting to a memberIt is proposed that travel expenses be reimbursed in accordance with the company’s regulations concerning travel reimbursements.12. Resolution on the number of members of the Board of DirectorsUnder the Articles of Association  the company’s Board of Directors shall have at least 5 and at most 9 members.The company does not have a Nomination Committee. The company’s largest shareholder  Turret Oy Ab  whose total share of the company’s shares and votes is approximately 49.33 per cent  proposes that six ordinary members be elected to the Board of Directors.13. Election of the members of the Board of DirectorsThe company does not have a Nomination Committee. The company’s largest shareholder  Turret Oy Ab  whose total share of the company’s shares and votes is approximately 49.33 per cent  proposes that the current members of the Board  Paul Ehrnrooth  Andreas Rosenlew  Esa Matikainen  Peter Eriksson  Maria Olofsson and Johan Almquist  be re-elected as members of the Board.More detailed personal information and the evaluation of the independence of the proposed members of the Board are available on the company’s website https://digitalist.global in the “Investors” section (Governance/Annual General Meeting).14. Resolution on the remuneration of the auditorThe Board of Directors proposes that remuneration for the auditor be paid against the auditor’s invoice approved by the company.15. Election of the auditorThe Board of Directors proposes that KPMG Oy Ab  who have named Authorized Public Accountant Miika Karkulahti as the principal auditor  be re-elected as auditor.16. Authorisation of the Board of Directors to decide on share issues and on granting special rights entitling to sharesThe Board of Directors proposes that the General Meeting authorise the Board to decide on a paid share issue and on granting option rights and other special rights entitling to shares that are set out in Chapter 10 Section 1 of the Finnish Limited Liability Companies Act or on the combination of some of the aforementioned instruments in one or more tranches on the following terms and conditions:The total number of shares in the company’s possession and the new shares to be issued under the authorisation may not exceed 341 211 370  which corresponds to 50 per cent of all company shares at the time of convening the Annual General Meeting.Within the limits of the aforementioned authorisation  the Board of Directors may decide on all terms and conditions applied to the share issue and to the special rights entitling to shares  such as that the payment of the subscription price may take place not only by cash but also by setting off receivables that the subscriber has from the company.The Board of Directors shall be entitled to decide on crediting the subscription price either to the company’s share capital or  entirely or in part  to the invested unrestricted equity fund.Shares as well as special rights entitling to shares may also be issued in a way that deviates from the pre-emptive rights of shareholders if a weighty financial reason for the company to do this exists as laid out in the Limited Liability Companies Act. In such a case  the authorisation may be used to finance corporate acquisitions or other investments related to the operations of the company as well as to maintain and improve the solvency of the group of companies and to implement an incentive scheme.The authorisation is proposed to be effective until the Annual General Meeting held in 2024  yet no further than until 30 June 2024.The decision concerning the authorisation requires a qualified majority of at least two thirds of the votes cast and shares represented at the meeting.17. Authorising the Board of Directors to decide on the acquisition of own sharesThe Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting authorise the Board to decide on acquiring or accepting as pledge  using the company’s non-restricted equity  a maximum of 68 242 000 own shares  which corresponds to around 10 per cent of the company’s total shares at the time of convening the Annual General Meeting. The repurchase may take place in one or more tranches. The acquisition price shall not exceed the highest market price of the share in public trading at the time of the acquisition.In executing the acquisition of its own shares  the company may enter into derivative  share lending and other contracts customary in the capital market  within the limits set out in laws and regulations. The authorisation also entitles the Board to decide on a directed acquisition  i.e. on acquiring shares in a proportion other than that of the shares held by the shareholders.The company may acquire the shares to execute corporate acquisitions or other business arrangements related to the company’s operations  to improve its capital structure  or to otherwise further transfer the shares or cancel them.The authorisation is proposed to include the right of the Board of Directors to decide on all other matters related to the acquisition of shares. The authorisation is proposed to be effective until the Annual General Meeting held in 2024  yet no further than until 30 June 2024.The decision concerning the authorisation requires a qualified majority of at least two thirds of the votes cast and shares represented at the meeting.18. Amendment of Article 8 of the Articles of AssociationThe Board of Directors proposes that the company’s Annual General meeting resolve to amend “Article 8 Notice of General Meeting” of the Articles of Association so that the meeting place is included in the title and the regulations concerning the meeting place and holding a remote meeting are added to the second paragraph. The amendments would allow the General Meeting to be held not only in the company’s domicile  but also  if the Board so decides  completely without a meeting place. After the amendments  the section of the Articles of Association identified above reads as follows:“8 § Notice of General Meeting and meeting placeThe notice of the General Meeting shall be published on the company's website no earlier than three (3) months and no later than three (3) weeks before the General Meeting  however  always at least nine (9) days before the record date of the General Meeting. In order to be entitled to participate in the General Meeting  a shareholder must register with the company no later than on the date set by the Board of Directors  which can be no earlier than ten (10) days before the meeting.The General Meeting is held at the company's domicile. The Board of Directors may also resolve that the General Meeting is organized without a meeting place  so that the shareholders will use their full decision-making power in real time with the help of a data connection and a technical aid during the meeting.”19. Closing of the meetingB. DOCUMENTS OF THE GENERAL MEETINGThe following documents will be made available to the shareholders on Digitalist Group Plc’s website at https://investor.digitalistgroup.com/investor/governance/annual-general-meeting no later than 21 days prior to the General Meeting: the aforementioned proposals on the agenda for the meeting  the company’s financial statements  the report of the Board of Directors  the auditor’s report  the remuneration report  and this notice. The said documents will also be available at the General Meeting. In addition  copies of the said documents and of this notice will be mailed to the shareholders on request. Otherwise  no separate notice of the meeting will be sent to the shareholders. The minutes of the Annual General Meeting will be available on the above-mentioned website at the latest on 28 April 2023.C. INSTRUCTIONS FOR THE PARTICIPANTS IN THE GENERAL MEETING1. Right to attend and registrationShareholders who are on the record date of the General Meeting  Friday April 14  2023  registered in the company’s shareholders’ register  maintained by Euroclear Finland Oy  are entitled to attend the meeting. Shareholders whose shares are registered on their personal Finnish book-entry accounts are registered in the shareholders’ register of the company.Shareholders who wish to attend the General Meeting must give advance notice of their attendance  and the company must receive such notice no later than by 4:00 p.m. on Tuesday  April 18  2023. Advance notice of attendance may be given:by using the form in the “Investors” section of the company’s website at https://digitalist.global ; via email to yhtiokokous@digitalistgroup.com ; by mail to Digitalist Group Plc/General Meeting  Siltasaarenkatu 18-20  00530 Helsinki  Finland; or by telephone between 9:00 a.m. and 4:00 p.m. to Aila Mettälä  tel. +358 40 531 0678When giving an advance notice of the attendance  please state the shareholder’s name  date of birth/business ID  address  telephone number and the name and date of birth of any assistant or proxy representative. Personal data provided to the company by its shareholders is used only in connection with the General Meeting and with processing the necessary registrations related to the meeting.2. Proxy representative and proxy documentsA shareholder may participate in a General Meeting and exercise their rights at the meeting by way of proxy representation. The shareholder’s proxy representative must produce a dated proxy document or otherwise in a reliable manner demonstrate their right to represent the shareholder at the General Meeting. When a shareholder participates in the General Meeting through several proxy representatives representing the shareholder with shares at different securities accounts  the shares by which each proxy representative represents the shareholder shall be identified in connection with the registration for the General Meeting. Possible proxy documents shall be delivered to the company as email attachments (e.g. pdf) or by mail to the above-mentioned registration address before the last date for registration.3. Holders of nominee-registered sharesA holder of nominee-registered shares has the right to participate in the General Meeting by virtue of such shares based on which they  on the record date of the General Meeting  i.e. on Friday April 14 2023  would be entitled to be registered in the shareholders’ register of the company maintained by Euroclear Finland Ltd. Holders of nominee-registered shares are advised to request without delay the necessary instructions regarding the registration in the temporary shareholders’ register of the company  the issuing of proxy documents and registration for the General Meeting from their custodian bank. The account management organisation of the custodian bank shall register a holder of nominee-registered shares who wishes to participate in the Annual General Meeting into the temporary shareholders’ register of the company at the latest at 10 a.m. on Friday 21 April 2023.4. Other instructions and informationThe language of the meeting is Finnish.Pursuant to Chapter 5 Section 25 of the Limited Liability Companies Act  shareholders who are present at the General Meeting are entitled to request information on matters discussed at the meeting.On the date of this notice of the General Meeting  31 March 2023  the total number of shares in Digitalist Group Plc  and votes represented by such shares  is 682.422.746.Helsinki  31.3.2023DIGITALIST GROUP PLCBoard of DirectorsFor further information  please contact:Magnus Leijonborg  CEO  tel. +46 76 315 8422 magnus.leijonborg@digitalistgroup.comEsa Matikainen  Chairman of the Board  tel. +358 40 506 0080  esa.matikainen@digitalistgroup.comDistribution:Nasdaq Helsinki LtdMain mediahttps://digitalist.globalAttachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.01,True,English,"['DIGITALIST GROUP PLC', 'ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING', 'NOTICE', 'Authorized Public Accountant Miika Karkulahti', 'Finnish Limited Liability Companies Act', 'other special rights entitling', 'Digitalist Group Plc', 'Turret Oy Ab', 'detailed personal information', 'KPMG Oy Ab', 'Annual general meeting', 'six ordinary members', 'potential Board committees', 'The Remuneration Report', 'option rights', 'Other members', 'Wednesday 26 April', 'voting tickets', 'coffee service', 'A. MATTERS', 'financial statement', 'balance sheet', 'distributable assets', 'financial period', 'Managing Director', 'governing bodies', 'travel expenses', 'largest shareholder', 'total share', '49.33 per cent', 'travel reimbursements', 'Nomination Committee', 'Paul Ehrnrooth', 'Andreas Rosenlew', 'Esa Matikainen', 'Peter Eriksson', 'Maria Olofsson', 'Johan Almquist', 'Investors” section', 'share issues', 'Chapter 10 Section', '50 per cent', 'following matters', 'total number', 'most 9 members', 'current members', 'Deputy Chairman', 'new shares', 'principal auditor', 'The Board', 'company shares', 'Notice', 'shareholders', 'Siltasaari', 'Siltasaarenkatu', 'Paasivuorenkatu', '00530 Helsinki', 'reception', 'participants', 'distribution', 'AGENDA', 'Opening', 'Election', 'minutes', 'counting', 'votes', 'legality', 'attendance', 'adoption', 'Presentation', 'Directors', 'year', 'Resolution', 'use', 'profit', 'payment', 'dividends', 'equity', 'discharge', 'Handling', 'website', 'digitalistgroup', 'governance', 'annual-general-meeting', 'grounds', 'compensation', 'fees', 'EUR', 'meetings', 'accordance', 'regulations', 'Articles', 'Association', 'More', 'evaluation', 'independence', 'invoice', 'Authorisation', 'combination', 'instruments', 'one', 'tranches', 'terms', 'conditions', 'possession', 'time', 'limits', '3:15']",2023-03-31,2023-04-01,marketscreener.com
21904,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/SCANDI-STANDARD-AB-PUBL-21002331/news/Scandi-Standard-The-board-s-complete-proposals-43390600/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230331,Scandi Standard : The board's complete proposals,(marketscreener.com)   The board of directors' of Scandi Standard AB complete proposals to the annual general meeting 2023   14  15 a)-15 c) and 16-18)     2   Item 7 b): Resolution on allocation of the company's profit or loss according to the adop…,The board of directors' of Scandi Standard AB (publ) complete proposals to the annual general meeting 2023 (items 7 b)  14  15 a)-15 c) and 16-18)2 Item 7 b): Resolution on allocation of the company's profit or loss according to the adopted balance sheet The board of directors proposes a dividend of SEK 1.15 per share and that Monday 8 May 2023 shall be the record date for the dividend. If the annual general meeting resolves in accordance with the board of directors' proposal  payment of the dividend is expected to be made through Euroclear Sweden AB on Thursday 11 May 2023. The proposed dividend corresponds to a total amount of approximately SEK 75 million  based on a dividend to all shares in the company at the date of this notice  except for shares in the company that are expected to be held by the company itself on the record date for the dividend  and is therefore subject to change if the company acquires or disposes own shares before the record date. The board of directors' reasoned statement pursuant to pursuant to Chapter 18  section 4 of the Swedish Companies Act is available on the company's website  www.scandistandard.com. * * * Stockholm in March 2023 Scandi Standard AB (publ) The board of directors3 Item 14: Resolution on guidelines for remuneration to the senior management The board of directors proposes that the below guidelines for remuneration for the senior management are applied for remuneration agreed after the annual general meeting 2023. The difference compared to the remuneration guidelines that were adopted at the annual general meeting 2022 is that sustainability related goals have been added as an objective for variable salary. Remuneration resolved upon by the general meeting is not covered by these guidelines. General principles for the remuneration and other terms and conditions In these guidelines  the senior management means the managing director and CEO of the company  the senior managers in the company and other group companies who  from time to time  are reporting to the managing director and CEO or the CFO and who are also members of the senior management  as well as board members of the company that have entered into an employment or consulting agreement with a group company. The company's remuneration principles and policies shall be designed to ensure responsible and sustainable remuneration decisions that support the company's and the group's strategy  long-term interests and sustainable business practices. Salaries and other terms and conditions of employment in the company and the group shall be adequate to enable the company and the group to retain and recruit skilled senior managers at a reasonable cost. The remuneration to the senior managers shall consist of fixed salary  variable salary  pension and other benefits  and it shall be based on principles of performance  competitiveness and fairness. Principles for fixed salary Each senior manager shall be offered a fixed salary in line with market conditions and based on the manager's responsibility  expertise and performance. To the extent a board member performs work for the company  in addition to ordinary board work  a market-based consulting fee may be paid. Principles for variable salary All senior managers may  from time to time  be offered a variable salary (i.e.  cash bonuses). The variable salary shall be based on achieving a set of financial  sustainability related and/or personal objectives determined in advance. To which extent the objectives for awarding variable salary has been satisfied shall be determined when the relevant measurement period of the performance criteria has ended. The remuneration committee of the board of directors is responsible for the evaluation of the variable salary to the managing director and CEO. The managing4 director and CEO is responsible for the evaluation of the variable salary to other members of the senior management. The variable salary may not amount to more than 75 per cent of the fixed salary (in this context  fixed salary means cash salary earned during the year  excluding pension  benefits and similar). Principles for share-related incentive programs Remuneration resolved upon by the general meeting is not covered by these guidelines. Accordingly  these guidelines do not apply to the share-related long term incentive program 2023 (LTIP 2023) which the board of directors has proposed to the annual general meeting 2023 or the similar outstanding share- related long-term incentive programs resolved upon by the annual general meetings 2020  2021 and 2022  respectively. These share-relatedlong-term incentive programs are directed to certain key employees of the group and designed to promote the long-term value growth and sustainability of the company and to increase alignment between the interests of the participating employees and the company's shareholders. Under the incentive programs  the participating employees may be allotted shares in the company free of charge  subject to a three- year vesting period and provided that certain criteria are fulfilled. In order to further increase alignment between the long term interests of the participants and the company's shareholders  a requirement for participation is that the participant undertakes to retain all allotted shares (except for such shares that are sold to cover for tax due to the allotment of shares) for a period of two years from the date of the allotment of the shares. More information on the company's share-related long- term incentive programs  including the performance criteria which the outcome depends on  is available on company's website  www.scandistandard.com. Principles for pensions Agreements regarding pensions shall  where applicable  be premium based and designed in accordance with the level and practice applicable in the country in which the member of senior management is employed. Pension premiums for premium defined pension may not amount to more than 30 per cent of the annual fixed salary unless otherwise applies pursuant to applicable collective bargaining agreements. Principles for other non-monetary benefits Other non-monetary benefits may include  for example  life insurance  health insurance and car benefits. Premiums and other costs related to such benefits may not amount to more than 10 percent of the annual fixed salary.,neutral,0.04,0.96,0.0,neutral,0.03,0.95,0.01,True,English,"['Scandi Standard', 'complete proposals', 'board', 'similar outstanding share- related long-term incentive programs', 'share-related long term incentive program', 'three- year vesting period', 'share-related incentive programs', 'share-relatedlong-term incentive programs', 'long-term value growth', 'financial, sustainability related', 'sustainability related goals', 'relevant measurement period', 'Scandi Standard AB', 'Euroclear Sweden AB', 'Swedish Companies Act', 'sustainable business practices', 'annual general meetings', 'market-based consulting fee', 'sustainable remuneration decisions', 'skilled senior managers', 'other group companies', 'ordinary board work', 'long-term interests', 'consulting agreement', 'other terms', 'senior management', 'balance sheet', 'total amount', 'General principles', 'reasonable cost', 'cash bonuses', '75 per cent', 'key employees', 'participating employees', 'variable salary', 'fixed salary', 'cash salary', 'other members', 'record date', 'other benefits', 'Thursday 11 May', 'managing director', 'personal objectives', 'remuneration committee', 'board member', 'market conditions', ""directors' proposal"", 'performance criteria', 'remuneration principles', 'remuneration guidelines', 'group company', '4 director', 'proposals', 'items', 'Resolution', 'allocation', 'profit', 'loss', 'SEK', 'Monday', 'accordance', 'payment', 'shares', 'notice', 'change', 'statement', 'Chapter', 'section', 'website', 'Stockholm', 'March', '3 Item', 'difference', 'CEO', 'time', 'CFO', 'employment', 'policies', 'responsible', 'strategy', 'Salaries', 'pension', 'competitiveness', 'fairness', 'responsibility', 'expertise', 'extent', 'addition', 'set', 'advance', 'evaluation', 'context', 'LTIP', 'alignment', 'shareholders', 'charge', 'order']",2023-03-31,2023-04-01,marketscreener.com
21905,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/notice-of-annual-general-meeting-2023-in-enzymatica-ab-publ-301787011.html,Notice of Annual General Meeting 2023 in Enzymatica AB (publ),LUND  Sweden  March 31  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- The English text is an unofficial translation. In case of any discrepancies between the Swedish text and the English translation  the Swedish text shall prevail The annual general meeting of Enzymatica AB (publ)  r…,"LUND  Sweden  March 31  2023 /PRNewswire/ --The English text is an unofficial translation. In case of any discrepancies between the Swedish text and the English translation  the Swedish text shall prevailThe annual general meeting of Enzymatica AB (publ)  reg. no. 556719-9244 (the ""Company"")  will be held on 4 May 2023 at 14:30  Elite Hotel Ideon  Scheelevägen 27 in Lund.Notification etc.Those who wish to participate in the annual general meeting must:(i) be listed as a shareholder in the presentation of the share register prepared by Euroclear Sweden AB concerning the circumstances as per the record date of 25 April 2023; and(ii) give notice of intent to participate no later than 27 April 2023. Notification shall be made either in writing to Enzymatica AB  Att: Sriwarint Olsson  Ideon Science Park  Scheelevägen 19  SE-223 70 Lund  or by email  [email protected].The notice shall include full name  personal identification number or corporate registration number  address and daytime telephone number and  where appropriate  information about representative  proxy and assistants. The number of assistants may not be more than two (2). The notification should  where appropriate  be accompanied by proxies  registration certificates and other documents of authority.In order to be entitled to participate in the meeting  a shareholder whose shares are registered in the name of a nominee must  in addition to giving notice of participation in the annual general meeting  register its shares in its own name at Euroclear Sweden AB so that the shareholder is listed in the share register as of the record date of 25 April 2023. Such re-registration may be temporary (so called voting rights registration)  and a request for such voting rights registration shall be made to the nominee  in accordance with the nominee's routines  at such time in advance as decided by the nominee. Voting rights registration that has been made by the nominee no later than the second banking day after 25 April 2023  will be taken into account in the presentation of the share register.Proxies etc.If a shareholder is to vote through a proxy  a written  dated and signed proxy by the shareholder must be provided at the general meeting. The proxy may not be older than one (1) year  unless longer validity (maximum of five (5) years) is stated in the proxy. If the proxy is issued by a legal entity  the current registration certificate or equivalent authorisation document for the legal entity must also be provided. To facilitate an easier passing  a copy of the proxy and other documents of authority should be enclosed with the registration for the general meeting. Proxy forms will be kept available on the Company's website  www.enzymatica.se  and at the Company's head office and will be sent by post to shareholders who contact the Company and state their address.Proposed agenda1. Opening of the meeting2. Election of chairman of the meeting3. Election of persons to approve the minutes4. Preparation and approval of the voting list5. Approval of the agenda6. Determination as to whether the meeting has been duly convened7. Presentation of the annual report and auditor's report and the consolidated annual report and consolidated auditor's report8. Address by the CEO9. Resolution on:(a) Adoption of the profit and loss statement and balance sheet  as well as the consolidated profit and loss statement and the consolidated balance sheet(b) Distribution of the Company's profit or loss according to the adopted balance sheet(c) Discharge from liability of the members of the board of directors and the CEO10. Determination of the number of members of the board of directors and auditors11. Determination of remuneration to the members of the board of directors and the auditors.12. Election of:(a) Members of the board of directors and deputy directors(b) Chairman of the board of directors(c) Auditors and any deputy auditors13. Resolution regarding authorisation of the board of directors to issue new shares14. Closing of the meetingResolution proposalsItem 2 - Resolution on election of chairman of the meetingThe nomination committee proposes that attorney Henric Stråth  Moll Wendén Law Firm  shall be elected chairman of the meeting.Item 9(b) - Resolution on disposition of the Company's profit or lossThe board of directors has proposed to the 2023 annual general meeting that no dividend is paid and that the funds at the disposal of the general meeting are carried forward.Items 10-12 - Resolution on election of members of the board of directors and auditor and remunerationIn accordance with the principles for the Nomination Committee which were established at the annual general meeting 2019  the nomination committee shall consist of representatives of the four largest shareholders at the end of September each year  together with the chairman of the board. The Nomination Committee  in respect of the annual general meeting 2023  has been comprised of Mats Andersson (Abanico Invest AB as well as private holdings)  Håkan Roos (Roosgruppen AB)  Björn Algkvist (Fibonacci Growth Capital AB)  Guðmundur Pálmason (Fortus hf.) and the chairman of the board  Bengt Baron. Björn Algkvist served as chairman of the Nomination Committee.Proposal pursuant to item 10: The nomination committee proposes that the board of directors shall consist of six (6) ordinary members without deputies until the end of the next annual general meeting. Furthermore  the nomination committee proposes that one registered auditing company is appointed as auditor until the end of the next annual general meeting.Proposal pursuant to 11: The nomination committee proposes that remuneration for the board of directors  excluding remuneration for committee work  shall be paid with a total of SEK 1 625 000 (unchanged) of which SEK 500 000 (unchanged) is remuneration for the chairman of the board of directors and SEK 225 000 (unchanged) to every other member of the board of directors who are not employed by the Company. In addition  the nomination committee proposes that remuneration for work in the audit committee shall be paid with SEK 175 000 (unchanged) to the chairman of the audit committee and SEK 50 000 (unchanged) to every other member of the audit committee. The nomination committee proposes that no remuneration shall be paid for work in the remuneration committee.The nomination committee proposes that remuneration to the auditor shall be paid in accordance with approved invoices.Proposal pursuant to item 12: The nomination committee proposes re-election of Bengt Baron  Guðmundur Pálmason  Mats Andersson  Louise Nicolin  Helene Willberg and Moa Fransson as ordinary members. Furthermore  the nomination committee proposes the re-election of Bengt Baron as chairman of the board.Information on members proposed for election is available on the Company's website  www.enzymatica.seThe nomination committee proposes  in accordance with the audit committee's recommendation  re-election of the registered auditing company Deloitte AB as auditor in the Company for the period until the end of the next annual general meeting. Deloitte AB has notified that  should the annual general meeting approve the proposal  the authorised public accountant Jeanette Roosberg will be the auditor-in-charge.Item 13 - Resolution regarding authorisation of the board of directors to issue new sharesThe board of directors proposes that the meeting authorises the board of directors until the next annual general meeting to  on one or more occasions  resolve to increase the Company's share capital by issue of no more than shares corresponding to ten (10) per cent of the total number of shares in the Company at the time of the meeting's decision of authorisation.However  such issues may not cause the share capital in the Company to exceed the Company's highest allowed share capital according to the articles of association. The board of directors may deviate from the shareholders' preferential rights. The reason for the board of directors' authorisation to deviate from the shareholders' preferential rights is to enable the Company to raise new capital and to take advantage of future opportunities to attract new long-term owners and to finance the Company's growth strategy. The authorisation also includes the right to decide onpayment for the issued shares by set-off  in kind or other conditions as referred in Chapter 13  section 5  item 6 of the Swedish Companies Act (Sw. aktiebolagslagen (2005:551)). At a deviation from the shareholders' preferential rights  the issue rate shall be determined in accordance with market conditions  taking into account any discount on market terms.Majority rulesFor a valid resolution on the proposal pursuant to item 13  the proposal has to be supported by shareholders with at least two-thirds (2/3) of the votes cast as well as the shares represented at the meeting.Available documentsThe complete proposals and other documents that shall be made available prior to the annual general meeting pursuant to the Swedish Companies Act will be made available at the Company and at the Company's website  www.enzymatica.se  at least three weeks prior to the annual general meeting. The documents will also be sent free of charge to shareholders who so request and provide their address to the Company. In other respects  the board of directors' complete proposals for resolutions are stated in the notice.Information at the annual general meetingThe board of directors and CEO shall  if any shareholder so requests and the board of directors believes that it can be done without material harm to the Company  provide information regarding circumstances that may affect the assessment of an item on the agenda and circumstances that can affect the assessment of the Company's or its subsidiaries' financial situation and the Company's relation to other companies within the group.Shareholders who wish to submit a question in advance can do so by mail to Sriwarint Olsson at the address Enzymatica AB  Att: ""AGM 2023""  Ideon Science Park  Scheelevägen 19  SE-223 70 Lund or via email to [email protected]. Submissions should include the name of the shareholder including such shareholder's personal or organisation number. It is also recommended that the submission includes the shareholder's postal address  email address and telephone number.Shares and votes in the CompanyThe total number of shares and votes in the Company amounts as per the date of this notice to 164 256 840. The Company does not hold any own shares.Processing of personal dataFor information on how your personal data is processed  the Company refers to the integrity policy available on Euroclear Sweden AB's website https://www.euroclear.com/dam/ESwithLegal/Privacy-notice-bolagsstammor-engelska.pdf.Lund in March 2023Enzymatica AB (publ)The Board of DirectorsFor more information  please contact:Claus Egstrand  Chief Executive Officer  Enzymatica ABPhone: +44 7780 22 8385 | Email: [email protected]Stefan Olsson  Communication Manager  Enzymatica ABPhone: +46 708 55 11 85 | Email: [email protected]Enzymatica AB is headquartered in Lund  Sweden  and is listed on Nasdaq First North Growth Market. For more information  please visit www.enzymatica.se. Enzymatica's Certified Adviser is Erik Penser Bank. Tel: +46 8 463 83 00 Email: [email protected].The following files are available for download:https://mb.cision.com/Main/18091/3744933/1959256.pdf Press release Notice of AGM Enzymatica 230331 https://mb.cision.com/Public/18091/3744933/9f0467a389f13b10.pdf The Nomination Committee s reasoned statement 2023 Enzymatica https://mb.cision.com/Public/18091/3744933/9e42da58e587f88c.pdf Enzymatica Form of Proxy AGM 2023SOURCE Enzymatica AB",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.54,0.23,0.23,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'Enzymatica AB', 'Notice', 'Moll Wendén Law Firm', 'attorney Henric Stråth', 'Elite Hotel Ideon', 'Ideon Science Park', 'second banking day', 'Håkan Ro', 'Abanico Invest AB', 'current registration certificate', 'personal identification number', 'daytime telephone number', 'equivalent authorisation document', 'four largest shareholders', 'Euroclear Sweden AB', 'corporate registration number', 'voting rights registration', 'The Nomination Committee', 'annual general meeting', 'consolidated balance sheet', 'Enzymatica AB', 'registration certificates', 'voting list', 'annual report', 'English text', 'unofficial translation', 'Swedish text', 'English translation', 'Scheelevägen', 'share register', 'record date', 'Sriwarint Olsson', 'other documents', 'Such re-registration', 'one (1) year', 'longer validity', 'five (5) years', 'legal entity', 'easier passing', 'head office', 'Mats Andersson', 'private holdings', 'consolidated profit', 'loss statement', 'full name', 'new shares', 'deputy auditors', 'Resolution proposals', 'Proxy forms', 'deputy directors', 'LUND', 'March', 'PRNewswire', 'case', 'discrepancies', 'publ', 'reg.', 'Company', '4 May', 'Notification', 'presentation', 'circumstances', '25 April', 'notice', 'intent', '27 April', 'writing', 'email', 'address', 'information', 'representative', 'assistants', 'proxies', 'authority', 'order', 'nominee', 'addition', 'participation', 'request', 'accordance', 'routines', 'advance', 'account', 'written', 'signed', 'copy', 'website', 'post', 'agenda', 'Opening', 'Election', 'chairman', 'persons', 'minutes', 'Preparation', 'approval', 'Determination', 'CEO', 'Adoption', 'Distribution', 'Discharge', 'liability', 'members', 'board', 'remuneration', 'Closing', 'Item', 'disposition', 'funds', 'disposal', 'principles', 'September', 'respect', '9.']",2023-03-31,2023-04-01,prnewswire.com
21906,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/03/31/2638422/0/en/Decisions-of-Innofactor-Plc-s-Annual-General-Meeting-and-the-organizing-meeting-of-the-Board-of-Directors.html,Decisions of Innofactor Plc’s Annual General Meeting and the organizing meeting of the Board of Directors,Innofactor Plc Stock Exchange Release March 31  2023  at 11.20 Finnish time  Adopting the accounts and the group's financial statement and granting the......,Finnish EnglishInnofactor Plc Stock Exchange Release March 31  2023  at 11.20 Finnish timeAdopting the accounts and the group's financial statement and granting the members of the Board of Directors and the Chief Executive Officer discharge from liabilityThe Annual General Meeting (AGM) of Innofactor Plc held on March 31  2023  resolved to adopt the accounts and the group's financial statement for the financial period that ended on December 31  2022  and granted the members of the Board of Directors and the Chief Executive Officer discharge from liability for the financial period that ended on December 31  2022.Deciding on the use of the profit shown on the balance sheet and the payment of dividendThe AGM decided  in accordance with the proposal of the Board of Directors  that no dividend will be paid for the financial period of 2022.The AGM decided on a repayment of capital of EUR 0 06 per share to be paid. The repayment of capital shall be paid to shareholders who on the record date of the capital repayment on April 5  2023 are recorded in the company’s shareholders’ register held by Euroclear Finland Oy. Repayment of capital is paid on April 14  2023.The Annual General Meeting also authorized the Board of Directors to decide  at its discretion  on the potential distribution of assets to shareholders  should the company's financial status permit this  as repayment of capital from the invested unrestricted equity fund. The maximum distribution of assets performed on the basis of this authorization totals EUR 2 459 293. The authorization includes the right of the Board of Directors to decide on all other terms and conditions relating to said asset distribution. The authorization remains valid until the start of the next Annual General Meeting.Remuneration reportThe AGM decided to approve the remuneration report for the governing bodies presented by the Board of Directors.Board of Directors' remunerationThe AGM decided that the Chairman of the Board of Directors shall be paid a fee totaling EUR 60 000 per year and the other members of the Board of Directors shall be paid a fee totaling EUR 30 000 per year. No separate fees for meetings shall be paid. Half of the fee (50%) shall be paid monthly in cash and the other half (50%) as shares of Innofactor Plc. The shares shall primarily be handed over to the members of the Board of Directors during April from shares in the company’s possession or  secondarily the shares shall be acquired from public trading directly on behalf of the members within two weeks of publishing the interim report of Innofactor Plc for January 1–March 31  2023. In case shares will not be acquired due to a reason arising from the company or the Board member  the entire fee will be paid in cash. Innofactor Plc requires the members of the Board of Directors to keep the shares  which they have received as part of the fees  for the duration of their membership in the Board of Directors.Composition of the Board of DirectorsThe AGM decided that the Board of Directors shall have four members. Mr. Sami Ensio  Ms. Anna Lindén and Mr. Risto Linturi and Mr. Heikki Nikku were re-elected as members to the Board of Directors.At the organizing meeting held after the AGM  Anna Lindén was elected as Chairman of the Board.The Board elected Anna Lindén as the chairman of the remuneration committee and Risto Linturi and Heikki Nikku as its members.Election and remuneration of the auditorErnst & Young Oy  Authorized Public Accounting Firm  was elected as the auditor for the company. Ernst & Young Oy has stated that it will appoint Mr. Juha Hilmola  Authorized Public Accountant  as the auditor with principal responsibility. It was decided that the auditing fee shall be paid according to reasonable invoice.Authorizing of the Board of Directors to decide on the acquisition of own sharesThe AGM accepted the Board of Directors’ proposal to grant the Board authorization to decide on acquisition of own shares with following presumptions:The Annual General Meeting authorizes the Board of Directors to decide on acquisition of a maximum of 3 600 000 shares in one or several parts with the company’s own capital. The Board of Directors proposes that the authorization entitles the Board to deviate from the shareholders' proportional shareholdings (directed acquisition). Own shares can be acquired at a price formed in public trading on the date of the acquisition or at a price otherwise formed on the market.The shares may be used to carry out acquisitions or other arrangements pertaining to the company’s business operations  to develop the capital structure of the company  as part of the incentive plans  or to be otherwise invalidated or conveyed. In connection with the share repurchase ordinary derivative  stock lending  and other agreements may be made in the market in accordance with the laws and regulations.The authorization includes the right for the Board of Directors to decide on all other matters related to the acquisition of shares. The authorization is valid until June 30  2024.This authorization replaces all earlier authorizations of the Board of Directors pertaining to the acquisition of own shares.Authorization to decide on share issue as well as to grant option rights and other special rights entitling to sharesThe General Meeting accepted the Board of Directors’ proposal to grant the Board authorization to decide on share issue as well as to grant option rights and other special rights entitling to shares with the following presumptions:The General Meeting accepted the Board of Directors’ proposal to authorize the Board to decide on issuance of a maximum of 3 600 000 shares and granting of a maximum of 3 600 000 of the company’s own shares in one or several parts.The shares could be issued either against a payment or without payment on the basis of conditions set by the Board of Directors and  for the part of an issue against payment  at the price defined by the Board of Directors.The authorization also gives the Board of Directors the right to grant option rights and special rights—as defined in Chapter 10  Section 1 of the Finnish Companies Act—which entitle  against payment  to new shares or company shares in the company's possession. A right may also be given to a creditor in such manner that the right includes a condition that the creditor's receivable is used to set off the subscription price (convertible loan). The subscription price of the new shares and the amount paid for the company's own shares will be added to the fund for invested unrestricted equity.The authorization entitles the Board to deviate from the from the pre-emptive subscription rights of the existing shareholders  provided that the company has an important financial reason to do so  as regards the issue against payment  and that there is an especially important reason for the company and the good of the shareholders to do so  as regards the free issue. Within the limits set above  the authorization could be used  for example  to develop the capital structure  to widen the ownership base  in making a payment for an acquisition  when the company buys property related to its business operations  or incentive or reward program for employees and management at Innofactor group. New issue or transfer of own shares could also be used as a contribution in kind or when using the set-off right.In addition  the authorization includes also the right to decide on a free share issue to the company itself in such a manner that  after the issue  the number of shares in the company's possession is at the maximum one tenth (1/10) of the total number of shares in the company. This number includes the shares in the possession of the company or its subsidiaries as defined in the Chapter 15  Section 11  subsection 1 of the Companies Act.The Board of Directors will decide on all other matters related to the authorization. The authorization would be valid until June 30  2024.This authorization shall replace all earlier authorizations of the Board of Directors related to issuance of shares and granting of the company’s own shares.Other14 126 723 of the company's shares and votes were present at the AGM. The decisions of the meeting were made unanimously according to the proposals of the Board of Directors.The minutes of the Annual General Meeting will be available on Innofactor Plc's web site at https://www.innofactor.com/invest-in-us/general-meeting/ as of April 14  2023  at the latest.Espoo  March 31  2023INNOFACTOR PLCBoard of DirectorsAdditional information:Sami Ensio  CEOInnofactor PlcTel. +358 50 584 2029sami.ensio@innofactor.comDistribution:NASDAQ HelsinkiMain mediawww.innofactor.comInnofactorInnofactor is the leading driver of the modern digital organization in the Nordic Countries for its over 1 000 customers in commercial  public and third sector. Innofactor has the widest solution offering and leading know-how in the Microsoft ecosystem in the Nordics. Innofactor has over 500 enthusiastic and motivated top specialists in Finland  Sweden  Denmark and Norway. The Innofactor Plc share is listed in the technology section of the main list of NASDAQ Helsinki Oy. www.innofactor.com #ModernDigitalOrganization #HybridWork #PeopleFirst #CreatingSmiles,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.03,0.97,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'organizing meeting', 'Innofactor Plc', 'Decisions', 'Board', 'Directors', 'Innofactor Plc Stock Exchange Release', 'next Annual General Meeting', 'Authorized Public Accounting Firm', 'The Annual General Meeting', 'Ms. Anna Lindén', 'Authorized Public Accountant', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'unrestricted equity fund', 'Mr. Sami Ensio', 'Mr. Juha Hilmola', 'Euroclear Finland Oy', 'Mr. Risto Linturi', 'Mr. Heikki Nikku', ""shareholders' proportional shareholdings"", 'organizing meeting', 'stock lending', 'public trading', 'The AGM', 'Young Oy', 'Finnish English', '11.20 Finnish time', 'financial statement', 'financial period', 'balance sheet', 'potential distribution', 'financial status', 'other terms', 'asset distribution', 'governing bodies', 'two weeks', 'interim report', 'principal responsibility', 'reasonable invoice', 'several parts', 'other arrangements', 'business operations', 'incentive plans', 'other agreements', 'other matters', 'Remuneration report', 'remuneration committee', 'shareholders’ register', 'The Board', 'record date', 'maximum distribution', 'separate fees', 'other half', 'entire fee', 'auditing fee', 'capital structure', 'other members', 'four members', 'Board member', 'Own shares', ""Directors' remuneration"", 'Directors’ proposal', 'capital repayment', 'Board authorization', '3,600,000 shares', 'accounts', 'group', 'liability', 'March', 'December', 'use', 'profit', 'accordance', 'April', 'company', 'discretion', 'assets', 'basis', 'right', 'conditions', 'start', 'Chairman', 'year', 'meetings', 'cash', 'possession', 'behalf', 'January', 'case', 'duration', 'membership', 'Composition', 'Election', 'auditor', 'Ernst', 'acquisition', 'presumptions', 'one', 'directed', 'price', 'market', 'connection', 'laws', 'regulations', 'June']",2023-03-31,2023-04-01,globenewswire.com
21907,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/INNOFACTOR-OYJ-1412558/news/Decisions-of-Innofactor-Plc-s-Annual-General-Meeting-and-the-organizing-meeting-of-the-Board-of-Dire-43389578/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230331,Decisions of Innofactor Plc's Annual General Meeting and the organizing meeting of the Board of Directors,(marketscreener.com)  Innofactor Plc Stock Exchange Release March 31  2023  at 11.20 Finnish time Adopting the accounts and the group's financial statement and granting the members of the Board of Directors and the Chief Executive Officer discharge from liab…,Innofactor Plc Stock Exchange Release March 31  2023  at 11.20 Finnish timeAdopting the accounts and the group's financial statement and granting the members of the Board of Directors and the Chief Executive Officer discharge from liabilityThe Annual General Meeting (AGM) of Innofactor Plc held on March 31  2023  resolved to adopt the accounts and the group's financial statement for the financial period that ended on December 31  2022  and granted the members of the Board of Directors and the Chief Executive Officer discharge from liability for the financial period that ended on December 31  2022.Deciding on the use of the profit shown on the balance sheet and the payment of dividendThe AGM decided  in accordance with the proposal of the Board of Directors  that no dividend will be paid for the financial period of 2022.The AGM decided on a repayment of capital of EUR 0 06 per share to be paid. The repayment of capital shall be paid to shareholders who on the record date of the capital repayment on April 5  2023 are recorded in the company’s shareholders’ register held by Euroclear Finland Oy. Repayment of capital is paid on April 14  2023.The Annual General Meeting also authorized the Board of Directors to decide  at its discretion  on the potential distribution of assets to shareholders  should the company's financial status permit this  as repayment of capital from the invested unrestricted equity fund. The maximum distribution of assets performed on the basis of this authorization totals EUR 2 459 293. The authorization includes the right of the Board of Directors to decide on all other terms and conditions relating to said asset distribution. The authorization remains valid until the start of the next Annual General Meeting.Remuneration reportThe AGM decided to approve the remuneration report for the governing bodies presented by the Board of Directors.Board of Directors' remunerationThe AGM decided that the Chairman of the Board of Directors shall be paid a fee totaling EUR 60 000 per year and the other members of the Board of Directors shall be paid a fee totaling EUR 30 000 per year. No separate fees for meetings shall be paid. Half of the fee (50%) shall be paid monthly in cash and the other half (50%) as shares of Innofactor Plc. The shares shall primarily be handed over to the members of the Board of Directors during April from shares in the company’s possession or  secondarily the shares shall be acquired from public trading directly on behalf of the members within two weeks of publishing the interim report of Innofactor Plc for January 1–March 31  2023. In case shares will not be acquired due to a reason arising from the company or the Board member  the entire fee will be paid in cash. Innofactor Plc requires the members of the Board of Directors to keep the shares  which they have received as part of the fees  for the duration of their membership in the Board of Directors.Composition of the Board of DirectorsThe AGM decided that the Board of Directors shall have four members. Mr. Sami Ensio  Ms. Anna Lindén and Mr. Risto Linturi and Mr. Heikki Nikku were re-elected as members to the Board of Directors.At the organizing meeting held after the AGM  Anna Lindén was elected as Chairman of the Board.The Board elected Anna Lindén as the chairman of the remuneration committee and Risto Linturi and Heikki Nikku as its members.Election and remuneration of the auditorErnst & Young Oy  Authorized Public Accounting Firm  was elected as the auditor for the company. Ernst & Young Oy has stated that it will appoint Mr. Juha Hilmola  Authorized Public Accountant  as the auditor with principal responsibility. It was decided that the auditing fee shall be paid according to reasonable invoice.Authorizing of the Board of Directors to decide on the acquisition of own sharesThe AGM accepted the Board of Directors’ proposal to grant the Board authorization to decide on acquisition of own shares with following presumptions:The Annual General Meeting authorizes the Board of Directors to decide on acquisition of a maximum of 3 600 000 shares in one or several parts with the company’s own capital. The Board of Directors proposes that the authorization entitles the Board to deviate from the shareholders' proportional shareholdings (directed acquisition). Own shares can be acquired at a price formed in public trading on the date of the acquisition or at a price otherwise formed on the market.The shares may be used to carry out acquisitions or other arrangements pertaining to the company’s business operations  to develop the capital structure of the company  as part of the incentive plans  or to be otherwise invalidated or conveyed. In connection with the share repurchase ordinary derivative  stock lending  and other agreements may be made in the market in accordance with the laws and regulations.The authorization includes the right for the Board of Directors to decide on all other matters related to the acquisition of shares. The authorization is valid until June 30  2024.This authorization replaces all earlier authorizations of the Board of Directors pertaining to the acquisition of own shares.Authorization to decide on share issue as well as to grant option rights and other special rights entitling to sharesThe General Meeting accepted the Board of Directors’ proposal to grant the Board authorization to decide on share issue as well as to grant option rights and other special rights entitling to shares with the following presumptions:The General Meeting accepted the Board of Directors’ proposal to authorize the Board to decide on issuance of a maximum of 3 600 000 shares and granting of a maximum of 3 600 000 of the company’s own shares in one or several parts.The shares could be issued either against a payment or without payment on the basis of conditions set by the Board of Directors and  for the part of an issue against payment  at the price defined by the Board of Directors.The authorization also gives the Board of Directors the right to grant option rights and special rights—as defined in Chapter 10  Section 1 of the Finnish Companies Act—which entitle  against payment  to new shares or company shares in the company's possession. A right may also be given to a creditor in such manner that the right includes a condition that the creditor's receivable is used to set off the subscription price (convertible loan). The subscription price of the new shares and the amount paid for the company's own shares will be added to the fund for invested unrestricted equity.The authorization entitles the Board to deviate from the from the pre-emptive subscription rights of the existing shareholders  provided that the company has an important financial reason to do so  as regards the issue against payment  and that there is an especially important reason for the company and the good of the shareholders to do so  as regards the free issue. Within the limits set above  the authorization could be used  for example  to develop the capital structure  to widen the ownership base  in making a payment for an acquisition  when the company buys property related to its business operations  or incentive or reward program for employees and management at Innofactor group. New issue or transfer of own shares could also be used as a contribution in kind or when using the set-off right.In addition  the authorization includes also the right to decide on a free share issue to the company itself in such a manner that  after the issue  the number of shares in the company's possession is at the maximum one tenth (1/10) of the total number of shares in the company. This number includes the shares in the possession of the company or its subsidiaries as defined in the Chapter 15  Section 11  subsection 1 of the Companies Act.The Board of Directors will decide on all other matters related to the authorization. The authorization would be valid until June 30  2024.This authorization shall replace all earlier authorizations of the Board of Directors related to issuance of shares and granting of the company’s own shares.Other14 126 723 of the company's shares and votes were present at the AGM. The decisions of the meeting were made unanimously according to the proposals of the Board of Directors.The minutes of the Annual General Meeting will be available on Innofactor Plc's web site at https://www.innofactor.com/invest-in-us/general-meeting/ as of April 14  2023  at the latest.Espoo  March 31  2023INNOFACTOR PLCBoard of DirectorsAdditional information:Sami Ensio  CEOInnofactor PlcTel. +358 50 584 2029sami.ensio@innofactor.comDistribution:NASDAQ HelsinkiMain mediawww.innofactor.comInnofactorInnofactor is the leading driver of the modern digital organization in the Nordic Countries for its over 1 000 customers in commercial  public and third sector. Innofactor has the widest solution offering and leading know-how in the Microsoft ecosystem in the Nordics. Innofactor has over 500 enthusiastic and motivated top specialists in Finland  Sweden  Denmark and Norway. The Innofactor Plc share is listed in the technology section of the main list of NASDAQ Helsinki Oy. www.innofactor.com #ModernDigitalOrganization #HybridWork #PeopleFirst #CreatingSmiles,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.25,0.75,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'organizing meeting', 'Innofactor Plc', 'Decisions', 'Board', 'Directors', 'Innofactor Plc Stock Exchange Release', 'next Annual General Meeting', 'Authorized Public Accounting Firm', 'The Annual General Meeting', 'Ms. Anna Lindén', 'Authorized Public Accountant', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'unrestricted equity fund', 'Mr. Sami Ensio', 'Mr. Juha Hilmola', 'Euroclear Finland Oy', 'Mr. Risto Linturi', 'Mr. Heikki Nikku', ""shareholders' proportional shareholdings"", 'organizing meeting', 'stock lending', 'public trading', 'The AGM', 'Young Oy', '11.20 Finnish time', 'financial statement', 'financial period', 'balance sheet', 'potential distribution', 'financial status', 'other terms', 'asset distribution', 'governing bodies', 'two weeks', 'interim report', 'principal responsibility', 'reasonable invoice', 'several parts', 'other arrangements', 'business operations', 'incentive plans', 'other agreements', 'other matters', 'Remuneration report', 'remuneration committee', 'shareholders’ register', 'The Board', 'record date', 'maximum distribution', 'separate fees', 'other half', 'entire fee', 'auditing fee', 'capital structure', 'other members', 'four members', 'Board member', 'Own shares', ""Directors' remuneration"", 'Directors’ proposal', 'capital repayment', 'Board authorization', '3,600,000 shares', 'accounts', 'group', 'liability', 'March', 'December', 'use', 'profit', 'accordance', 'April', 'company', 'discretion', 'assets', 'basis', 'right', 'conditions', 'start', 'Chairman', 'year', 'meetings', 'cash', 'possession', 'behalf', 'January', 'case', 'duration', 'membership', 'Composition', 'Election', 'auditor', 'Ernst', 'acquisition', 'presumptions', 'one', 'directed', 'price', 'market', 'connection', 'laws', 'regulations', 'June']",2023-03-31,2023-04-01,marketscreener.com
21908,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/notice-agm-113900160.html,Notice of AGM,LEI: 213800ZBKL9BHSL2K459 OSB GROUP PLC(the Company) NOTICE OF ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING The following regulated information  disseminated pursuant to DTR 6.3.5...,OSB GROUP PLCLEI: 213800ZBKL9BHSL2K459OSB GROUP PLC(the Company)NOTICE OF ANNUAL GENERAL MEETINGThe following regulated information  disseminated pursuant to DTR 6.3.5  comprises the Notice of Annual General Meeting (AGM) for 2023 which was sent to shareholders of the Company on 31 March 2023. A copy of the Notice of AGM is available at www.osb.co.ukThe AGM will be held at 90 Whitfield Street  Fitzrovia  London W1T 4EZ on Thursday  11 May 2023 at 11 am.Should it become appropriate to revise the current arrangements for the AGM  any such changes will be notified to shareholders through our website (www.osb.co.uk) and  where appropriate  by announcement made by the Company to a Regulatory Information Service.Enquiries:OSB GROUP PLCNickesha Graham-BurrellGroup Head of Company Secretariat t: 01634 835 796Investor relationsEmail: osbrelations@osb.co.uk t: 01634 838 973Brunswick t: 020 7404 5959Robin Wrench / Simone SelzerNotes to EditorsAbout OSB GROUP PLCOSB began trading as a bank on 1 February 2011 and was admitted to the main market of the London Stock Exchange in June 2014 (OSB.L). OSB joined the FTSE 250 index in June 2015. On 4 October 2019  OSB acquired Charter Court Financial Services Group plc (CCFS) and its subsidiary businesses. On 30 November 2020  OSB GROUP PLC became the listed entity and holding company for the OSB Group. The Group provides specialist lending and retail savings and is authorised by the Prudential Regulation Authority  part of the Bank of England  and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority and Prudential Regulation Authority. The Group reports under two segments  OneSavings Bank and Charter Court Financial Services.Story continuesOneSavings BankOSB primarily targets market sub-sectors that offer high growth potential and attractive risk-adjusted returns in which it can take a leading position and where it has established expertise  platforms and capabilities. These include private rented sector Buy-to-Let  commercial and semi-commercial mortgages  residential development finance  bespoke and specialist residential lending  secured funding lines and asset finance.OSB originates mortgages organically via specialist brokers and independent financial advisers through its specialist brands including Kent Reliance for Intermediaries and InterBay Commercial. It is differentiated through its use of highly skilled  bespoke underwriting and efficient operating model.OSB is predominantly funded by retail savings originated through the long-established Kent Reliance name  which includes online and postal channels as well as a network of branches in the South East of England. Diversification of funding is currently provided by securitisation programmes and the Bank of England’s Term Funding Scheme with additional incentives for SMEs.Charter Court Financial Services GroupCCFS focuses on providing Buy-to-Let and specialist residential mortgages  mortgage servicing  administration and retail savings products. It operates through its brands: Precise Mortgages and Charter Savings Bank.It is differentiated through risk management expertise and best-of-breed automated technology and systems  ensuring efficient processing  strong credit and collateral risk control and speed of product development and innovation. These factors have enabled strong balance sheet growth whilst maintaining high credit quality mortgage assets.CCFS is predominantly funded by retail savings originated through its Charter Savings Bank brand. Diversification of funding is currently provided by securitisation programmes and the Bank of England’s Term Funding Scheme with additional incentives for SMEs.THIS DOCUMENT IS IMPORTANT AND REQUIRES YOUR IMMEDIATE ATTENTION. If you are in any doubt as to what action you should take  you are recommended to seek your own personal financial advice immediately from your stockbroker  bank manager  solicitor  accountant or other independent financial adviser who  if you are taking advice in the United Kingdom  is duly authorised under the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000  or an appropriately authorised independent financial adviser  if you are in a territory outside the United Kingdom.If you have sold or transferred all of your ordinary shares in OSB GROUP PLC  please send this document and any other documents that accompany it as soon as possible to the purchaser or transferee or to the stockbroker  bank or other agent through whom the sale or transfer was effected for transmission to the purchaser or transferee. If you have sold or otherwise transferred only part of your holding  you should retain this document and its enclosures.Notice of Annual General MeetingOSB GROUP PLC(incorporated and registered in England and Wales under company number 11976839. Registered office: OSB House  Quayside  Chatham Maritime  Chatham  United Kingdom  ME4 4QZ)Notice of Annual General Meeting on Thursday  11 May 2023 at 11 amat 90 Whitfield Street  Fitzrovia  London W1T 4EZLETTER FROM THE CHAIRMANDear Shareholder 31 March 20232022 ANNUAL REPORT AND ACCOUNTS AND 2023 ANNUAL GENERAL MEETINGI am pleased to inform you that the Annual Report and Accounts for the year ended 31 December 2022 and the Notice of the 2023 Annual General Meeting of OSB GROUP PLC (the Company) have now been published. A copy of the 2022 Annual Report and Accounts is enclosed with this document  together with a Form of Proxy to enable you to exercise your voting rights at the 2023 Annual General Meeting (AGM).The AGM will be held at 90 Whitfield Street  Fitzrovia  London W1T 4EZ on Thursday  11 May 2023 at 11 am.The formal notice of the AGM is set out on pages 3 to 5 of this document and contains the proposed resolutions (the Resolutions). Explanatory notes to the business to be considered are set out from page 6 of this document.You would have seen our declaration of a special dividend to be paid on the same date as the final dividend. The special dividend is not required to be included within this Notice of AGM.VOTING AT THE AGMI will  once again  be inviting you to vote on all Resolutions at the AGM by way of a poll rather than on a show of hands. Poll voting is in line with practice adopted by many UK public companies and provides a more transparent method of voting. It will result in a more accurate reflection of the views of shareholders by ensuring that every vote is recognised  including the votes of those shareholders who are unable to attend but who have appointed a proxy for the meeting. On a poll  each shareholder has one vote for every share held. I would encourage shareholders to exercise their right to vote; this will ensure that your vote will be counted if ultimately you (or any other proxy you might otherwise appoint) are not able to attend the meeting. Instructions for completing the Form of Proxy are outlined below. The valid appointment of a proxy does not prevent you from attending the AGM and voting in person.ACTION TO BE TAKENPlease complete and return the enclosed Form of Proxy so that it is received by the Company’s Registrar  Equiniti  by no later than 11 am on Tuesday  9 May 2023. If you are a member of CREST  you may submit a proxy appointment electronically through the CREST voting service. Further details are set out in the Notes section on pages 10 to 11.The results of voting on the Resolutions will be announced via a Regulatory Information Service and posted on the Company’s website following the conclusion of the AGM.RECOMMENDATIONThe Directors recommend that shareholders vote in favour of each of the Resolutions at the AGM. The Board considers that the Resolutions are in the best interests of the Company’s shareholders as a whole and will promote the success of the Company for their benefit. The Directors intend to vote in favour of the Resolutions in respect of their own beneficial shareholdings in the Company (save in respect of those Resolutions in which they are interested).Should it become appropriate to revise the current arrangements for the AGM  any such changes will be notified to shareholders through our website (www.osb.co.uk) and  where appropriate  by an announcement made by the Company to a Regulatory Information Service.Yours faithfullyDavid WeymouthChairmanNOTICE OF ANNUAL GENERAL MEETINGNotice is hereby given that the Annual General Meeting of OSB GROUP PLC (the Company) will be held at 90 Whitfield Street  Fitzrovia  London W1T 4EZ on Thursday  11 May 2023 at 11 am to consider and  if thought fit  pass the following Resolutions.Resolutions 1 to 9 will be proposed as ordinary resolutions. Resolutions 10 to 14 will be proposed as special resolutions.1. To receive the audited financial statements and the Auditor’s and Directors’ Reports for the year ended 31 December 2022.2. To approve the Directors’ Remuneration Report (excluding the Directors’ Remuneration Policy) for the year ended 31 December 2022.3. To declare a final dividend of 21.8 pence per ordinary share in respect of the year ended 31 December 2022.4. Election and re-election of Directors.To elect the following individual as a Director of the Company:Independent Non-Executive Director(a) Kal AtwalTo re-elect by separate resolutions each of the following individuals as a Director of the Company:Independent Non-Executive Directors(b) Elizabeth Noël Harwerth(c) Sarah Hedger(d) Rajan Kapoor(e) Simon WalkerNon-Executive Director(f) David WeymouthExecutive Directors(g) Andrew Golding(h) April Talintyre5. To re-appoint Deloitte LLP as the Auditor of the Company.6. To authorise the Group Audit Committee to agree the remuneration of the Auditor.7. To authorise  in accordance with sections 366 and 367 of the Companies Act 2006 (the Act)  the Company and all companies that are its subsidiaries to:make political donations to political parties and/or independent election candidates;make political donations to political organisations other than political parties; andincur political expenditure;up to an aggregate total amount of £50 000  with the amount authorised for each of heads (a) to (c) above being limited to the same total. This authority shall expire at the close of business on 30 June 2024 or  if earlier  at the conclusion of the AGM of the Company to be held in 2024.For the purposes of this authority the terms ‘political donation’  ‘political parties’  ‘independent election candidates’  ‘political organisation’ and ‘political expenditure’ have the meanings given by sections 363 to 365 of the Act as at the date of this notice of meeting.8. That the Directors are generally and unconditionally authorised pursuant to and in accordance with section 551 of the Companies Act 2006 (the Act) to exercise all the powers of the Company to allot shares in the Company and to grant rights to subscribe for  or to convert any security into  shares in the Company (Rights):up to a maximum aggregate nominal amount of £1 434 146.62 (representing 143 414 662 ordinary shares); andcomprising equity securities (within the meaning of section 560 of the Act) up to a further maximum aggregate nominal amount of£1 434 146.62 (representing 143 414 662 ordinary shares) in connection with a pre-emptive offer (including an offer by way of a rights issue or open offer):(i) to ordinary shareholders in proportion (as nearly as may be practicable) to their existing holdings; and(ii) to the holders of other equity securities  as required by the rights of those securities or as the Directors otherwise consider necessary;and subject to such exclusions or other arrangements as the Directors may deem necessary or expedient to deal with treasury shares  fractional entitlements  record dates or legal  regulatory or practical problems arising under the laws or the requirements of any regulatory body or stock exchange in any territory or by virtue of shares being represented by depositary receipts or any other matter.This authority shall expire at the close of business on 30 June 2024 or  if earlier  at the conclusion of the Annual General Meeting of the Company to be held in 2024  save that the Company shall be entitled to make offers or agreements before the expiry of such authority which would or might require shares to be allotted or Rights to be granted after such expiry and the Directors shall be entitled to allot shares and grant Rights pursuant to any such offer or agreement as if this authority had not expired; and all authorities vested in the Directors on the date of the notice of this meeting to allot shares and grant Rights that remain unexercised at the commencement of this meeting are hereby revoked.9. That  in addition to the authority contained in Resolution 8 in the notice of this meeting  the Directors are generally and unconditionally authorised pursuant to and in accordance with section 551 of the Companies Act 2006 (the Act) to exercise all the powers of the Company to allot shares in the Company and to grant rights to subscribe for  or to convert any security into  shares in the Company:up to a maximum aggregate nominal amount of £516 292.50 (representing 51 629 250 ordinary shares) in relation to the issue of Regulatory Capital Convertible Instruments; andsubject to applicable law and regulation  at such conversion prices (or such maximum or minimum conversion prices or conversion price methodologies) as may be determined by the Directors of the Company from time to time.This authority shall expire at the close of business on 30 June 2024 or  if earlier  at the conclusion of the Annual General Meeting of the Company to be held in 2024  save that the Company shall be entitled to make offers or agreements before the expiry of such authority  which would or might require shares to be allotted or rights to be granted after such expiry and the Directors may allot shares and grant rights to subscribe for or to convert any security into shares  in pursuance of any such offer or agreement as if the authority hadnot expired.10. That  subject to the passing of Resolution 8 in the notice of this meeting  the Board be given power to allot equity securities (as defined in the Companies Act 2006) for cash under the authority given by that resolution and/or to sell ordinary shares held by the Company as treasury shares for cash as if section 561 of the Companies Act 2006 did not apply to any such allotment or sale  such power to be limited:a. to the allotment of equity securities and sale of treasury shares in connection with an offer of  or invitation to apply for  equity securities (but in the case of the authority granted under paragraph (b) of Resolution 8 in the notice of this meeting  by way of a pre-emptive offer (including an offer by way of a rights issue or open offer) only):(i) to ordinary shareholders in proportion (as nearly as may be practicable) to their existing holdings; and(ii) to holders of other equity securities  as required by the rights of those securities  or as the Board otherwise considers necessary;and so that the Board may impose any limits or restrictions and make any arrangements which it considers necessary or appropriate to deal with treasury shares  fractional entitlements  record dates  legal  regulatory or practical problems in  or under the laws of  any territory or any other matter; andb. in the case of the authority granted under paragraph (a) and/or in the case of any sale of treasury shares  to the allotment of equity securities or sale of treasury shares (otherwise than under paragraph (a) above) up to a nominal amount of £215 121.87.Such power shall apply until the end of next year’s AGM (or  if earlier  until the close of business on 30 June 2024) but  in each case  during this period the Company may make offers  and enter into agreements  which would  or might  require equity securities to be allotted (and treasury shares to be sold) after the power ends and the Board may allot equity securities (and sell treasury shares) under any such offer or agreement as if the power had not ended.11. That  subject to the passing of Resolution 8 in the notice of this meeting  the Board be given the power in addition to any power granted under Resolution 10 in the notice of this meeting  to allot equity securities (as defined in the Companies Act 2006) for cash under the authority granted under paragraph (a) of Resolution 8 in the notice of this meeting and/or to sell ordinary shares held by the Company as treasury shares for cash as if section 561 of the Companies Act 2006 did not apply to any such allotment or sale  such power to be limited to the allotment of equity securities or sale of treasury shares up to a nominal amount of £215 121.87  such power to be used only for the purposes of financing a transaction which the Board of the Company determines to be either an acquisition or a specified capital investment of a kind contemplated by the Statement of Principles on Disapplying Pre-Emption Rights most recently published by thePre-Emption Group prior to the date of this notice or for the purposes of refinancing such a transaction within 12 months of its taking place.Such power shall apply until the end of next year’s AGM (or  if earlier  until the close of business on 30 June 2024) but  in each case  during this period the Company may make offers  and enter into agreements  which would  or might  require equity securities to be allotted (and treasury shares to be sold) after the power ends and the Board may allot equity securities (and sell treasury shares) under any such offer or agreement as if the power had not ended.12. That  subject to the passing of Resolution 9 in the notice of this meeting and in addition to the powers contained in Resolutions 10 and 11 in the notice of this meeting  the Directors are empowered pursuant to sections 570 and 573 of the Companies Act 2006 (the Act) to allot equity securities (within the meaning of section 560 of the Act) for cash either pursuant to the authority conferred by Resolution 9 in the notice of this meeting and/or by way of a sale of treasury shares as if section 561 of the Act did not apply to any such allotment or sale.Such power shall expire on the revocation or expiry (unless renewed) of the authority conferred on the Directors by Resolution 9 in the notice of this meeting  save that the Company shall be entitled to make offers or agreements before the expiry of such power which would or might require equity securities to be allotted after such expiry and the Directors shall be entitled to allot equity securities pursuant to any such offer or agreement as if the power conferred hereby had not expired.13. That the Company is generally and unconditionally authorised for the purpose of section 701 of the Companies Act 2006 (the Act) to make market purchases (within the meaning of section 693(4) of the Act) of ordinary shares in the capital of the Company on such terms and in such manner as the Directors may from time to time determine  provided that:a. the maximum aggregate number of ordinary shares hereby authorised to be acquired is 43 024 375;b. the minimum price (excluding expenses) which may be paid for any such share is its nominal value;c. the maximum price (excluding expenses) which may be paid for any such share is the higher of (i) an amount equal to 5 per cent above the average of the middle market quotations for an ordinary share in the Company as derived from The London Stock Exchange Daily Official List for the 5 business days immediately preceding the day on which such share is contracted to be purchased; and (ii) the higher of the price of the last independent trade of an ordinary share and the highest current independent bid for an ordinary share in the Company on the trading venues where the market purchases by the Company is carried out;d. the authority hereby conferred shall expire at the close of business on 30 June 2024 or  if earlier  at the conclusion of the Annual General Meeting of the Company to be held in 2024 unless previously renewed  varied or revoked by the Company in general meeting; ande. the Company may  before this authority expires  make a contract to purchase its ordinary shares which would or might be executed wholly or partly after the expiry of this authority  and may purchase its ordinary shares pursuant to it as if this authority hadnot expired.14. That a general meeting of the Company  other than an Annual General Meeting  may be called on not less than 14 clear days’ notice.By Order of the BoardJason ElphickGroup General Counsel and Company Secretary 31 March 2023Registered Office: OSB House Quayside Chatham Maritime ChathamUnited Kingdom ME4 4QZEXPLANATORY NOTESInformation about the business to be considered at the AGM is set out below.These explanatory notes should be read in conjunction with the 2022 Annual Report and Accounts. This Notice of AGM and the 2022 Annual Report and Accounts are available at www.osb.co.uk. For the purpose of this Notice  the issued share capital of the Company with voting rights on 23 March 2023  being the latest practicable date prior to the printing of this document  was 430 243 748 ordinary shares of £0.01 each.RESOLUTION 1: 2022 Annual Report and Accounts (ordinary resolution)The Directors of the Company present the Directors’ reports  the Auditor’s report and the audited financial statements of the Company for the financial year ended 31 December 2022 (the 2022 Annual Report and Accounts) to the AGM as required by the Companies Act 2006.The Company proposes an ordinary resolution to receive the 2022 Annual Report and Accounts and  accordingly  shareholders have the opportunity to raise any questions on those documents under this Resolution.RESOLUTION 2: Directors’ Remuneration Report (excluding the Remuneration Policy) for the year ended 31 December 2022 (ordinary resolution)In accordance with the Companies Act 2006  shareholders are invited to approve the Directors’ Remuneration Report for the year ended 31 December 2022. This consists of the Annual Statement from the Chair of the Group Remuneration and People Committee and the Annual Report on Remuneration  which may be found on pages 142 to 156 of the 2022 Annual Report and Accounts. It details the Directors’ remuneration for the year ended 31 December 2022 and sets out the way in which the Company intends to implement the Directors’ Remuneration Policy in 2023. The Auditor has audited those parts of the Directors’ Remuneration Report required to be audited and its report can be found on pages 169 to 178 of the 2022 Annual Report and Accounts. For the purposes of this Resolution  the Directors’ Remuneration Report does not include the Directors’ Remuneration Policy. The vote on Resolution 2 is advisory only and the Directors’ entitlement to remuneration is not conditional on it being passed.The Companies Act 2006 requires the Directors’ Remuneration Policy to be put to shareholders for approval annually unless the approved policy remains unchanged  in which case it need only be put to shareholders for approval at least every three years. The Company is not proposing any changes to the Directors’ Remuneration Policy that was approved at the Annual General Meeting in 2022.RESOLUTION 3: Final dividend (ordinary resolution)A final dividend of 21.8 pence per ordinary share has been recommended by the Board for the year ended 31 December 2022 and  if approved by shareholders  will be paid on 17 May 2023 to all shareholders on the register at the close of business on 24 March 2023.RESOLUTIONS 4 (a) to (h): Election and re-election of Directors (ordinary resolutions)Resolution 4(a) relates to the election of a Director. Kal Atwal is standing for election as an Independent Non-Executive Director having been appointed to the Board of Directors with effect from 7 February 2023.Resolutions 4(b) to (h) relate to the retirement and re-election of the Company’s Directors. The Company’s articles of association require each Director to retire at the AGM. This is in line with best practice recommendations of the Financial Reporting Council’s UK Corporate Governance Code.The Board has confirmed  following a performance review  that each of the Directors standing for re-election continues to be an effective member of the Board  to make a positive contribution and to demonstrate commitment to his or her role. The Board believes that the considerable and wide-ranging experience of the Directors will continue to be invaluable to the Company. The Board considers that Kal Atwal has and will continue to make a valuable contribution to the Board and that she has sufficient time to devote to the Company’s affairs. The appointment of Kal Atwal has been recommended by the Group Nomination and Governance Committee. The biographies of Directors can be found in the Appendix to this document and also on the Company’s website www.osb.co.uk.RESOLUTIONS 5 AND 6: Re-appointment and remuneration of the Auditor (ordinary resolutions)The Company is required to appoint an auditor at each general meeting at which accounts are laid before the Company  to hold office until the conclusion of the next such meeting. The Group Audit Committee has recommended to the Board  the re-appointment of Deloitte LLP as Auditor of the Company and  has confirmed to the Board that its recommendation is free from third party influence and that no restrictive contractual provisions have been imposed on the Company limiting the choice of auditor. Resolution 5 proposes the re-appointment of Deloitte LLP as the Auditor of the Company and Resolution 6 authorises the Group Audit Committee to agree the Auditor’s remuneration.RESOLUTION 7: Authority to make political donations (ordinary resolution)Section 368 of the Companies Act 2006 (the Act) prohibits companies from making political donations exceeding £5 000 in aggregate in any 12-month period to (i) political parties  (ii) other political organisations and (iii) independent election candidates  and from incurring political expenditure  without shareholder approval. In line with the Group’s policy  neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries made any political donations nor incurred any political expenditure during 2022. It is not proposed or intended to alter this policy. However  some of the Group’s activities may potentially fall within the wide definitions of ‘political donation’ or ‘political expenditure’ in the Act and  without the necessary statutory authorisation  the Group’s ability to communicate its views effectively to political audiences and to relevant interest groups could be inhibited. Such activities may include briefings at receptions or conferences – when the Group seeks to communicate its views on issues vital to its business interests – including  for example  conferences of a party political nature or of special interest groups in specific areas.Accordingly  the Company believes that the authority contained in this Resolution is necessary to allow it and its subsidiaries to fund activities which it is in the interests of shareholders that the Company should support. Such authority will enable the Company and its subsidiaries to be sure that they do not  because of any uncertainty as to the bodies or the activities covered by the Companies Act 2006  unintentionally commit a technical breach of the statutes. Any political donation made or expenditure incurred under authority of this Resolution will be disclosed in next year’s Annual Report and Accounts.This authority replaces the similar authority given to the Directors at the Annual General Meeting in 2022 and will expire at close of business on 30 June 2024 or  if earlier  at the conclusion of the Annual General Meeting of the Company to be held in 2024.RESOLUTION 8: Directors’ authority to allot shares (ordinary resolution)The Directors currently have a general authority to allot new ordinary shares in the capital of the Company and to grant rights to subscribe for  or convert any securities into  shares. This authority is  however  due to expire at the AGM and the Board would like to renew it to provide the Directors with flexibility to allot new shares and grant rights up until the Company’s next AGM within the limits prescribed by The Investment Association.The Investment Association’s guidelines on Directors’ authority to allot shares state that the Association’s members will regard as routine any proposal at a general meeting to seek a general authority to allot an amount up to two-thirds of the existing share capital  provided that any amount in excess of one-third of the existing share capital is applied to a fully pre-emptive offer (including an offer by way of a rights issue or open offer) only. Accordingly  if passed  this resolution will authorise the Directors to allot (or grant rights over) new shares in the Company: (i) under an open offer or in other situations (including a rights issue) up to an aggregate nominal amount of £1 434 146.62 (representing approximately one-third of the Company’s issued ordinary share capital); and (ii) under a fully pre-emptive offer (including an offer by way of a rights issue or open offer) only  up to a further aggregate nominal amount of £1 434 146.62 (representing approximately one-third of the Company’s issued ordinary share capital). In each case  the reference to the Company’s issued ordinary share capital is to the issued ordinary share capital as at 23 March 2023 (being the latest practicable date prior to publication of this document).If passed  this authority will expire at the close of business on 30 June 2024 or  if earlier  at the conclusion of the AGM to be held in 2024.The Directors have no present intention of exercising this authority  however  the Board considers it prudent to maintain the flexibility that it provides to enable the Directors to respond to any appropriate opportunities that may arise. The Company did not hold any shares in treasury as at 23 March 2023.RESOLUTION 9: Directors’ authority to allot shares in relation to the issue of Regulatory Capital Convertible Instruments (ordinary resolution)This Resolution renews the Directors’ authority to allot shares or grant rights to subscribe for or convert any security into ordinary shares up to an aggregate nominal amount of £516 292.50  in connection with the issue of ‘Regulatory Capital Convertible Instruments’. Regulatory Capital Convertible Instruments are any securities to be issued by the Company or any member of the Group  or by a Company outside of the Group with the consent of the Company or a member of the Group and which are intended on issue to form all or part of a type or class of securities  the terms of which are eligible to meet any Regulatory Capital Requirements and which are:convertible into or exchangeable for ordinary shares of the Company; orissued together with share warrants relating to ordinary shares of the Company;and in each case  which grant to  or require  the holder of such security and/or its nominee a right or obligation (as applicable) to subscribe for such ordinary shares following a specified event relating to an actual or prospective adverse change in the capital position or viability of the Company  any member of the Group or the Group as a whole or any other event specified in the Regulatory Capital Requirements and otherwise on such terms as may be determined by the Directors of the Company or a Committee thereof upon issue.The Board believes it is in the best interests of the Company to have the flexibility to issue Regulatory Capital Convertible Instruments at any time and from time to time. The authority sought in this Resolution will be used as considered desirable to comply with or maintain compliance with such Regulatory Capital Requirements or targets applicable to the Company. Regulatory Capital Requirements are specified by the Prudential Regulation Authority or such other authority having primary supervisory authority with respect to the Company from time to time in relation to the margin of solvency  capital resources  capital  contingent capital or buffer capital of the Company  a member of the Group or the Group taken as a whole.The Company intends to seek to renew authority for the issuance of such Regulatory Capital Convertible Instruments on an annual basis.The amount of this authority is  in aggregate  equivalent to approximately 12 per cent of the issued ordinary share capital of the Company as at 23 March 2023 (being the latest practicable date before the publication of this document). No ordinary shares were held in treasury as at that date.Resolutions 9 and 12 are intended to provide the Directors with the flexibility to authorise the issue of Regulatory Capital Convertible Instruments which contain contractual debt to equity conversion features. The Resolutions are not intended to provide authority for any future UK statutory conversion requirements as may become part of UK national law in the future  for which such authority would not be required.The authority sought in Resolution 9 is separate and distinct from the authority sought in Resolution 8 which is the usual authority sought on an annual basis in line with guidance issued by The Investment Association. The authority sought in Resolution 9 will expire at the close of business on 30 June 2024 or  if earlier  at the conclusion of the AGM to be held in 2024.RESOLUTIONS 10 and 11: Disapplication of statutory pre-emption rights (special resolutions)Resolutions 10 and 11 are proposed as special resolutions which  if passed by shareholders  will enable the Directors to allot ordinary shares in the Company  and/or to sell any shares out of treasury  for cash  without first offering those shares to existing shareholders in proportion to their existing holdings.In November 2022  the Pre-Emption Group issued a revised Statement of Principles (the Revised Statement of Principles) which permits companies to seek authorities to issue equity securities for cash on a non-pre-emptive basis representing: (i) up to 10 per cent of a company’s issued ordinary share capital for use on an unrestricted basis (plus a further authority of up to 2 per cent of a company’s issued ordinary share capital to be used only for the purposes of making a follow-on offer of the kind contemplated by paragraph 3 of Section 2B of the Revised Statement of Principles); and (ii) up to an additional 10 per cent of a company’s issued ordinary share capital for use in connection with an acquisition or a specified capital investment  which is announced contemporaneously with the issue  or that has taken place in the preceding 12 month period and is disclosed in the announcement of the issue (plus a further authority of up to 2 per cent of a company’s issued ordinary share capital to be used only for the purposes of making a follow-on offer of the kind contemplated by paragraph 3 of Section 2B of the Revised Statement of Principles).Having considered the Revised Statement of Principles  the Board believes that the limits in the Company’s previous pre-emption disapplication authorities provide the Company with sufficient flexibility at this time. The Board will keep this matter under review and will consider whether to seek increased authorities up to the revised limits detailed in the Revised Statement of Principles in future years.Accordingly  the power set out in Resolution 10 would be limited to:allotments or sales in connection with pre-emptive offers and offers to holders of other equity securities if required by the rights of those securities  or as the Board otherwise considers necessary; andotherwise up to an aggregate nominal amount of £215 121.87 (representing 21 512 187 ordinary shares and 5 per cent of the Company’s issued ordinary share capital as at 23 March 2023 (being the latest practicable date before the publication of this document).In addition  Resolution 11 is intended to give the Company flexibility to make non-pre-emptive issues of ordinary shares in connection with acquisitions and other capital investments as contemplated by the Revised Statement of Principles. The power under Resolution 11 is in addition to that proposed by Resolution 10 and would be limited to allotments or sales of up to aggregate nominal amount £215 121.87 (representing 21 512 187 ordinary shares and 5 per cent of the Company’s issued ordinary share capital as at 23 March 2023 (being the latest practicable date before the publication of this document).If the Company makes a non-pre-emptive issue of ordinary shares for cash using the power conferred by Resolution 10 or Resolution 11 described above  the Directors confirm their intention to comply with the shareholder protections contained in Part 2B of the Revised Statement of Principles regarding how such an issue should be carried out.The authorities sought under Resolutions 10 and 11 will expire at close of business on 30 June 2024 or  if earlier  at the conclusion of the AGM to be held in 2024.RESOLUTION 12: Disapplication of statutory pre-emption rights in relation to the issue of Regulatory Capital Convertible Instruments (special resolution)Resolution 9 renews the Directors’ authority to allot shares or grant rights to subscribe for or convert any security into ordinary shares up to an aggregate nominal amount of £516 292.50 specifically in connection with the issue of Regulatory Capital Convertible Instruments. Resolution 12 proposes that the Directors be empowered to allot equity securities pursuant to that authority for cash  without first offering those equity securities to existing shareholders in proportion to their existing holdings. £516 292.50 is equivalent to approximately 12 per cent of the issued ordinary share capital of the Company as at 23 March 2023 (being the latest practicable date before the publication of this document).Renewing this Resolution will permit the Company the flexibility necessary to allot equity securities pursuant to any proposal to issue Regulatory Capital Convertible Instruments and  by virtue of such disapplication  without the need to comply with the pre-emption requirements of the UK statutory regime. Together with Resolution 9  Resolution 12 is intended to provide the Directors with the flexibility to issue Regulatory Capital Convertible Instruments which may convert into ordinary shares.Conditional upon the passing of Resolutions 9 and 12  the Directors would not expect to make use of Resolutions 8 and 10 to issue Regulatory Capital Convertible Instruments  however  they may do so  to the extent permissible  if deemed appropriate in light of capital requirements  market conditions and/or high demand. Any exercise of the authorities in Resolutions 8 and 10 (if passed) would be separate from  and in addition to  the exercise of powers under Resolutions 9 and 12 and would have the effect of diluting the interests of ordinary shareholders.RESOLUTION 13: Authority to purchase own shares (special resolution)The authority limits the maximum number of shares that could be purchased to 43 024 375 (representing approximately 10 per cent of the Company’s issued ordinary share capital as at 23 March 2023) and sets minimum and maximum prices at which shares may be purchased.This authority replaces the similar authority given to the Directors at the Annual General Meeting in 2022 and will expire at the close of business on 30 June 2024 or  if earlier  at the conclusion of the AGM to be held in 2024. A listed company purchasing its own shares may hold those shares in treasury and make them available for re-sale as an alternative to cancelling them. Accordingly  if this Resolution is passed  the Company will have the option of holding  as treasury shares  any of its own shares that it purchases pursuant to the authority conferred.This would give the Company the ability to sell treasury shares quickly and cost-effectively and provide the Company with additional flexibility in the management of its capital base. No dividends are paid and no voting rights are attached to shares held in treasury. The Company did not hold any shares in treasury as at 23 March 2023 (being the latest practicable date before the publication of this document). As at that date  there were 2 137 904 options to subscribe for ordinary shares in the capital of the Company  representing 0.50 per cent of the Company’s issued ordinary share capital. If the full authority conferred by this Resolution were to be exercised in full  these options would represent 0.55 per cent of the issued ordinary share capital of the Company.On 16 March 2023  the Company announced its intention to commence an ordinary share repurchase programme pursuant to the authority granted at last year’s AGM  in order to return up to £150 million to shareholders (the Share Repurchase Programme). The Share Repurchase Programme will help to deliver on the Company’s stated intention to deliver attractive and sustainable returns to shareholders across the cycle. It is the Company’s present intention for any repurchased ordinary shares to be cancelled and the Share Repurchase Programme is expected to complete by no later than 15 March 2024.The Directors regard having the flexibility to repurchase issued shares in suitable circumstances as an important part of the financial management of the Company. The Directors may consider exercising the authority to purchase the Company’s ordinary shares if market conditions and the Company’s financial position make this possible but will keep the matter under review. Shares would only be purchased if the Directors believed that to do so would result in an improvement in earnings per share and would be in the interests of shareholders generally. Any purchases of ordinary shares would be by means of market purchases on a recognised investment exchange and purchased shares would be cancelled (in which case the number of shares in issue would thereby be reduced) or  alternatively  held in treasury  depending on which course of action is considered by the Directors to be in the best interests of the shareholders at that time.RESOLUTION 14: Notice of general meetings (special resolution)The statutory notice period required for general meetings of the Company is at least 21 clear days unless shareholders approve a shorter notice period  which cannot  however  be less than 14 clear days (AGMs will continue to be held on at least 21 clear days’ notice). At last year’s AGM  shareholders passed a resolution enabling the Company to call general meetings  other than an AGM  on at least 14 clear days’ notice. This approval must be renewed at each AGM  so  in order to preserve this ability  Resolution 14 seeks such approval.It is intended that the shorter notice period would not be used as a matter of routine for such meetings but only where the flexibility is merited by the business of the meeting and is thought to be in the interests of shareholders as a whole. If given  the approval will be effective until the Company’s next AGM  when it is intended that a similar resolution will be proposed.NOTES1. The Company strongly encourages all shareholders to submit a proxy vote in advance of the AGM  appointing the Chairman of the meeting as their proxy rather than a named person. These notes to the Notice should be read in this context.2. Only persons entered on the Register of Members of the Company at 6.30 pm on Tuesday  9 May 2023 (or  if the AGM is adjourned  at 6.30 pm on the date which is two business days prior to the adjourned meeting) shall be entitled to attend and vote at the AGM oradjourned meeting. Changes to entries on the Register of Members after this time shall be disregarded in determining the rights of persons to attend or vote (and the number of votes they may cast) at the AGM or adjourned meeting.3. A shareholder entitled to attend and vote at the AGM may appoint another person as her/his proxy to exercise all or any of her/his rights to attend  speak and vote at the AGM. A shareholder can appoint more than one proxy in relation to the AGM  provided that each proxy is appointed to exercise the rights attached to a different share or shares held by that shareholder.4. A proxy does not need to be a shareholder of the Company but must attend the AGM to represent you. Your proxy could be the Chairman or another person who has agreed to attend to represent you. If you wish for a proxy to make any comments on your behalf at the AGM  you will need to appoint someone other than the Chairman of the meeting and give them the relevant instructions directly. Those submitting a Form of Proxy are strongly encouraged to appoint the Chairman of the meeting rather than a named person as their proxy. This will ensure that your vote will be counted even if ultimately you (or any other proxy you might otherwise appoint) are not able to attend the meeting. The valid appointment of a proxy does not prevent you from attending the AGM and voting in person.5. A shareholder who wishes to appoint a proxy should complete the Form of Proxy which accompanies this notice and includes full details of how to appoint a proxy. If you do not have a Form of Proxy and believe that you should have one  or if you require additional Forms of Proxy  please contact Equiniti’s helpline on 0371 384 2701 (+44 (0) 371 384 2701 if calling from overseas). Lines are open between 8.30 am and 5.30 pm Monday to Friday (excluding public holidays in England and Wales). Shareholders who hold their shares in uncertificated form may use ‘the CREST voting service’ to appoint a proxy electronically  as explained below.6. In order to be valid  a proxy appointment must be returned (together with any power of attorney or other authority under which it is executed or a copy of the authority certified in ink by a bank  a stockbroker or a solicitor) by one of the following methods:– in hard copy form by post  by courier or by hand to the Company’s registrar at the address shown on the Form of Proxy; or in the case of CREST members  by utilising the CREST voting service in accordance with the procedures set out in note 9 below.The appointment of a proxy in each case must formally be received by the Company’s registrar no later than 11 am on Tuesday  9 May 2023.You may also appoint your proxy electronically online at www.sharevote.co.uk where full instructions on the procedure are given. The Voting ID  Task ID and Shareholder Reference Number printed on the Form of Proxy will be required to use this electronic proxy appointment system. Alternatively  shareholders who have already registered with Equiniti Registrars’ online portfolio service  Shareview  can appoint their proxy electronically by logging on to their portfolio at www.shareview.co.uk using their user ID and password. Once logged in  click ‘view’ on the ‘My Investments’ page. Click on the link to vote and follow the on screen instructions.7. To change your proxy instructions you may return a new proxy appointment using the methods set out above. Where you have appointed a proxy using the hard copy Form of Proxy and would like to change the instructions using another hard copy Form of Proxy  please contact Equiniti at Aspect House  Spencer Road  Lancing  West Sussex BN99 8LU. The deadline for receipt of proxy appointments (see above) also applies in relation to amended instructions. Any attempt to terminate or amend a proxy appointment received after the relevant deadline will be disregarded. Where two or more valid but differing appointments of proxy are delivered or (in the case of appointments in electronic form) received in respect of the same share for use at the same meeting  the one which is last delivered or  as the case may be  received as aforesaid (regardless of its date  its date of sending or the date of its execution) shall be treated as replacing and revoking the other or others as regards that share. If the Company is unable to determine either which is last sent or which is last delivered or received  none of them shall be treated as valid in respect of the relevant share(s).In the case of joint holders  where more than one of the joint holders purports to appoint a proxy  only the appointment submitted by the most senior holder will be accepted. Seniority is determined by the order in which the names of the joint holders appear in the Company’s register of members in respect of the joint holding (the first-named being the most senior).8. A copy of this notice has been sent for information only  to Nominated Persons (that is  a person who has been nominated by a shareholder to enjoy information rights under section 146 of the Companies Act 2006). The rights to appoint a proxy cannot be exercised by a Nominated Person; they can only be exercised by a shareholder. However  a Nominated Person may have a right under an agreement with the shareholder by whom she or he was nominated to be appointed as a proxy for the AGM or to have someone else so appointed. If a Nominated Person does not have such a right or does not wish to exercise it  she or he may have a right under such an agreement to give instructions to the shareholder as to the exercise of voting rights.9. CREST members who wish to appoint a proxy or proxies by utilising the CREST electronic proxy appointment service may do so by utilising the procedures described in the CREST Manual  which can be viewed at www.euroclear.com. CREST personal members or other CREST sponsored members  and those CREST members who have appointed a voting service provider(s)  should refer to their CREST sponsor or voting service provider(s)  who will be able to take the appropriate action on their behalf. In order for a proxy appointment made by means of CREST to be valid  the appropriate CREST message (a CREST Proxy Instruction) must be properly authenticated in accordance with Euroclear’s specifications and must contain the information required for such instructions  as described in the CREST Manual. The message  regardless of whether it constitutes the appointment of a proxy or an amendment to the instruction given to a previously appointed proxy must  in order to be valid  be transmitted so as to be received by the issuer’s agent (ID number RA19) by 11 am on Tuesday  9 May 2023 (the latest time(s) for receipt of proxy appointments specified in this notice). For this purpose  the time of receipt will be taken to be the time (as determined by the timestamp applied to the message by the CREST Applications Host) from which the issuer’s agent is able to retrieve the message by enquiry to CREST in the manner prescribed by CREST. The Company may treat as invalid a CREST Proxy Instruction in the circumstances set out in the Uncertificated Securities Regulations 2001.10. CREST members and  where applicable  their CREST sponsors or voting service providers should note that Euroclear does not make available special procedures in CREST for any particular messages. Normal system timings and limitations will therefore apply in relation to the input of CREST Proxy Instructions. It is the responsibility of the CREST member concerned to take (or  if the CREST member is a CREST personal member or sponsored member or has appointed a voting service provider(s)  to procure that his CREST sponsor or voting service provider(s) take(s)) such action as shall be necessary to ensure that a message is transmitted by means of the CREST system by any particular time. In this connection  CREST members and  where applicable  their CREST sponsors or voting service providers are referred  in particular  to those sections of the CREST Manual concerning practical limitations of the CREST system and timings.11. Voting on all Resolutions will be conducted by way of a poll rather than a show of hands. This is a more transparent method of voting as shareholders’ votes (including the votes of those shareholders who are unable to attend but who have appointed a proxy for the meeting) are to be counted according to the number of shares held. As soon as practicable  following the AGM  the results of the voting will be announced via a Regulatory Information Service and also placed on the Company’s website: osb.co.uk/investors/shareholder-services/.12. Please note that the Company takes all reasonable precautions to ensure that no viruses are present in any electronic communication it sends out but the Company cannot accept responsibility for loss or damage arising from the opening or use of any email or attachments from the Company and recommends that shareholders subject all messages to virus checking procedures prior to use. Any electronic communication received by the Company  including the lodgment of an electronic proxy form  that is found to contain any virus will not be accepted.13. A shareholder of the Company  that is a corporation  may authorise a person or persons to act as its representative(s) at the AGM. In accordance with the provisions of the Companies Act 2006  each such representative may exercise (on behalf of the corporation) the same powers as the corporation could exercise if it were an individual shareholder of the Company  provided that they do not do so in relation to the same shares.14. Shareholders satisfying the thresholds in section 527 of the Companies Act 2006 can require the Company to publish a statement on its website setting out any matter relating to the audit of the Company’s accounts (including the Auditor’s report and the conduct of the audit) that are to be laid before the AGM and that the shareholders propose to raise at the AGM. The Company may not require the shareholders requesting the publication to pay its expenses. Any statement placed on the website must also be sent to the Company’s Auditor no later than the time it makes its statement available on the website. The business which may be dealt with at the AGM includes any statement that the Company has been required to publish on its website.15. Under section 319A of the Companies Act 2006  the Company must  subject to limited exceptions  answer any question relating to the business being dealt with at the AGM which is put by a shareholder attending the AGM. Information relating to the AGM which the Company is required by the Companies Act 2006 to publish on a website in advance of the meeting may be viewed at osb.co.uk/investors/ shareholder-services/. You may not use any electronic address provided in this notice to communicate with the Company for any purposes other than those expressly stated.16. Shareholders have the right to ask questions in relation to the business of the AGM but no answer need be given if (a) to do so would interfere unduly with the preparation for the AGM or involve the disclosure of confidential information  (b) the answer has already been given on a website in the form of an answer to a question  or (c) it is undesirable in the interests of the Company or the good order of the AGM that the question be answered. Shareholders wishing to raise any questions relating to the business of the AGM may do so by submitting them to the Company Secretariat ahead of the AGM at company.secretariat@osb.co.uk. You may submit questions until 11 am on Tuesday  9 May 2023 and the Company will endeavour to publish and maintain an appropriate summary of responses on the ‘AGM Information’ page of its website in advance of the AGM.17. Shareholders have the right to request  in accordance with section 360BA of the Companies Act 2006  information to enable them to determine that their vote on a poll was validly recorded and counted. Shareholders who wish to do so should contact Equiniti by phone on 0371 384 2701 (+44 (0) 371 384 2701 if calling from overseas) or by post at Aspect House  Spencer Road  Lancing  West Sussex BN99 8LU  in each case no later than 30 days following the date of this year’s AGM.18. As at 23 March 2023 (being the latest practicable date before the publication of this document)  the Company’s issued share capital consisted of 430 243 748 ordinary shares  carrying one vote each. The Company did not hold any shares in treasury at that date. Therefore  as at 23 March 2023 the total voting rights in the Company were 430 243 748.19. Copies of:this Notice;the Form of Proxy;the Directors letters of appointment and service agreements; andthe Company’s Annual Report and Accounts for the year ended 31 December 2022 are available for inspection at the Company’s registered office during normal business hours from the date of this Notice until the date of the AGM (excluding Saturdays  Sundays and public holidays) and will be available for inspection at the place of the AGM for at least 15 minutes prior to and after the AGM.20. The Company may process personal data of attendees at the AGM. This may include webcasts  photos  recording audio and video links  as well as other forms of personal data. The Company shall process such personal data in accordance with its privacy policy  which can be found at https://www.osb.co.uk/privacy-policy/APPENDIXDirector BiographiesName and appointment Committee membership Key skills Experience & qualifications Kal Atwal*Non-Executive DirectorKal was appointed to the Board on7 February 2023. Member of the Group Remuneration and People Committee. Kal Atwal has significant experience as a non-executive director across FTSE 100  FTSE 250 and Mutual businesses. She is a non-executive director at Admiral Financial Services Limited  Whitbread plc and WH Smith plc. Her committee experience includes being a member of Audit  Nomination  Remuneration  Risk and Capital Committees. Kal is an experienced strategy leader with international experience in start-up  scale-up  fintech and digital businesses. She began her career at EY on placement in Madrid  after which she held a number of operational and strategic roles with Southern Derbyshire Chamber and Northcliffe Media Ltd. She joined BGL Group when the company took over Bennetts  the motorcycle insurance business  where she held the position of Managing Director. She then became the founding Managing Director of comparethemarket.com  a division of BGL. Following her promotion to Group Director of BGL Limited  she was responsible for brand-led businesses  group strategy and corporate communications. Elizabeth Noël Member of the Group Noël has extensive experience Noël was appointed to the Board of CCFS in June 2017 Harwerth* Audit  Group Nomination in both the public sector with and was its Senior Independent Director from August Senior Independent and Governance  Group government bodies and the 2017. Noël is a non-executive director of Scotiabank DirectorNoël was appointed to Remuneration and People and Group RiskCommittees. private sector with global banking companies  whichbrings valuable insight to Europe plc. She is also a member of the UK Export Finance Board. She is a former non-executive directorof Sirius Minerals plc  Standard Life Aberdeen plc and the OSB Board and the position of Senior Independent Director in October 2019. Boardroom debate. RSA Insurance Group plc  prior to which she held a variety of senior roles with Citicorp for 15 years  latterly serving as the Chief Operating Officer of Citibank International plc. Noël has held non-executive roles with GE Capital Bank Limited  Sumitomo Mitsui Banking Corporation Europe Limited  Avocet Mining plc  Alent plc  Corus Group plc  Logica plc  The London Metal Exchange and Standard Life Assurance Limited. Sarah Hedger* Member of the Group Sarah has significant capital Sarah previously held leadership positions at General Non-Executive DirectorSarah was appointed Audit and Group Remuneration and PeopleCommittees. Sarah has management and mergers and acquisitions experience. Electric Company (GEC) for 12 years in its Corporate  Aviation and Capital business development teams leaving General Electric Company as Leader of to the OSB Board in been appointed as Chair Since joining the Board  Sarah Business Development and M&A for its global GE February 2019. of the Group Remuneration and People Committee with effect from the conclusion of the Annual General Meeting on 11 May 2023 and will also become a member of the Group Nomination and Governance Committee from the same date. has provided good challenge at Board and Committee meetings. Capital division. Prior to General Electric Company  Sarah worked at Lazard & Co. Limited for 11 years  leaving as Director  Corporate Finance and also spent five years as an auditor at PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP (PwC). She served as an Independent non- executive director of Balta Group NV  a Belgian company listed on Euronext  until December 2021 and as non-executive director of GE Money Bank AB for 3 years during her time at GEC. Rajan Kapoor* Chair of the Group Audit Rajan has wide-ranging Rajan was appointed to the Board of CCFS in Non-Executive DirectorRajan was appointed to Committee and memberof the Board Capital and Funding  Group experience of all aspects of banking including externalreporting  financial planning September 2016. He was Financial Controller of the Royal Bank of Scotland (RBS) Group and held anumber of senior finance positions during a 28-year the OSB Board and the Remuneration and and analysis  asset and liability career with RBS. Rajan is a Fellow of the Institute of position of Chair of the People  Group Risk and management  taxation and Chartered Accountants and of the Chartered Institute Group Audit Committee in October 2019. Group Models and Ratings Committees. stress testing. He also has extensive experience of financial and regulatory reporting in the UK and US with a strong background in internal financial controls  governance and compliance. of Bankers in Scotland.Name and appointment Committee membership Key skills Experience & qualifications Simon Walker* Member of the Group Simon has significant Simon has significant experience in financial services. Non-Executive DirectorSimon was appointed Audit  Group Risk  GroupModels and Ratings and Board Capital and experience in mortgages SME lending  risk management and regulation within the He joined KPMG in 1980 and was made a partner ofthe firm in 1992  going on to lead the firm’s National Building Societies and Mortgage Practice and to the Board on 4 January 2022. Funding Committees. Simon has been appointed as Chair of the Group Risk Committee with effect from the conclusion of the Annual General Meeting on 11May 2023. banking sector. subsequently became banking partner in Financial Risk Management. Simon graduated in Law from University College London and is a qualified chartered accountant. Simon is a non-executive directorof H&T Group plc. He was previously a non-executive director of Leeds Theatre Trust Limited and of IWP Holdings Ltd until 20 March 2023. David Weymouth Chair of the Board David uses his intricate David is also Chairman of Mizuho International Plc and ChairmanDavid was appointed to Capital and Funding andGroup Nomination and Governance Committees; knowledge of the financial services industry to guide andChair the Board effectively. Chair Elect of Pension Insurance Corporation plc.Other current non-executive directorships include Pension Insurance Corporation Group Limited and the OSB Board in September 2017 and held the position of Chairman until October 2019. He was re- appointed as Chairman on 4 February 2020. a member of the Group Remuneration and People Committee. Marsh Limited where he is Chair of the Risk Committee. David previously served as a non- executive director on the board of Bank of Ireland (UK) plc  Fidelity International Holdings (UK) Limited and the Royal London Mutual Insurance Society. David was previously Chief Information Officer at Barclays Bank plc and Chief Risk Officer at RSA Insurance Group plc. He sat on the Executive Committee of both companies. His experience as an executive includes a wide range of senior roles in operations  technology  risk and leadership. Andrew Golding Member of the Board Andy has over 30 years’ Prior to joining OSB  Andy was CEO of Saffron Building Chief Executive OfficerAndy was appointed Capital and Funding Committee. experience in financial services. Society  where he had been from 2004. Prior to that  he held senior positions at National Westminster Bankplc  John Charcol Limited and Bradford & Bingley plc. to the OSB Board in December 2011. Andy served as a non-executive director for Kreditech Holding SSL GmbH and Northamptonshire Healthcare NHS Foundation Trust. Andy is a director of the Building Societies Trust Limited. He served as a member of the Building Societies Association’s Council and the Financial Conduct Authority’s Smaller Business Practitioner Panel. Andy has an in-depth knowledge of the business and provides strong leadership and direction. April Talintyre Member of the Board April has broad financial April was previously an Executive Director in the Chief Financial OfficerApril joined OSB in Capital and Funding and Group Models andRatings Committees. services experience. She has been a member of the Instituteof Chartered Accountants in Rothesay Life pensions insurance business of Goldman Sachs Group and worked for Goldman SachsInternational for over 16 years  including as an May 2012 and was appointed to its Board in June 2012. England and Wales since 1992. Executive Director in the Controllers Division in London and New York. April began her career at KPMG LLP in a general audit department. April has a thorough knowledge of the business  particularly  of finance and risk areas.* Independent Non-Executive DirectorNOTESNOTESOSB GROUP PLCOSB House Quayside Chatham Maritime ChathamUnited Kingdom ME4 4QZ+44 (0)1634 835796www.osb.co.uk,neutral,0.05,0.95,0.0,mixed,0.5,0.27,0.23,True,English,"['Notice', 'AGM', 'Charter Court Financial Services Group plc', 'high credit quality mortgage assets', 'OSB GROUP PLC Nickesha Graham-Burrell', 'strong balance sheet growth', 'other independent financial adviser', 'Charter Savings Bank brand', 'high growth potential', 'independent financial advisers', 'Financial Conduct Authority', 'Prudential Regulation Authority', 'attractive risk-adjusted returns', 'private rented sector', 'breed automated technology', 'collateral risk control', 'ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING', 'London Stock Exchange', 'personal financial advice', 'efficient operating model', 'London W1T 4EZ', 'Regulatory Information Service', 'residential development finance', 'skilled, bespoke underwriting', 'Kent Reliance name', 'Term Funding Scheme', 'risk management expertise', 'retail savings products', 'specialist residential lending', 'specialist residential mortgages', 'strong credit', 'mortgage servicing', 'Group Head', 'The Group', 'specialist lending', '2022 ANNUAL RE', 'other documents', 'other agent', 'asset finance', 'efficient processing', 'product development', 'specialist brokers', 'OSB House', '90 Whitfield Street', 'current arrangements', 'Investor relations', 'Brunswick t', 'Robin Wrench', 'Simone Selzer', 'main market', 'FTSE 250 index', 'subsidiary businesses', 'two segments', 'market sub-sectors', 'leading position', 'semi-commercial mortgages', 'funding lines', 'postal channels', 'South East', 'securitisation programmes', 'additional incentives', 'Precise Mortgages', 'IMMEDIATE ATTENTION', 'United Kingdom', 'Markets Act', 'ordinary shares', 'Registered office', 'Dear Shareholder', 'specialist brands', 'OneSavings Bank', 'bank manager', 'Company Secretariat', 'InterBay Commercial', 'company number', 'Chatham Maritime', 'The AGM', 'holding company', 'OSB.', 'LEI', 'NOTICE', 'DTR', 'shareholders', '31 March', 'copy', 'Fitzrovia', 'Thursday', 'May', '11 am', 'changes', 'website', 'uk', 'announcement', 'Enquiries', 'Email', 'Notes', 'Editors', '1 February', 'June', '4 October', 'CCFS', '30 November', 'entity', 'part', 'England', 'Story', 'platforms', 'capabilities', 'Intermediaries', 'online', 'network', 'branches', 'Diversification', 'SMEs', 'Let', 'administration', 'systems', 'speed', 'innovation', 'factors', 'doubt', 'action', 'stockbroker', 'solicitor', 'accountant', 'territory', 'purchaser', 'transferee', 'sale', 'transmission', 'enclosures', 'Wales', 'Quayside', 'ME4', 'CHAIRMAN']",2023-03-31,2023-04-01,finance.yahoo.com
21909,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/BANK-OF-AMERICA-CORPORATI-11751/news/Bank-of-America-Corporation-Announces-CME-Term-SOFR-as-Benchmark-Replacement-Rate-for-Certain-Outsta-43396462/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230331,Bank of America Corporation Announces CME Term SOFR as Benchmark Replacement Rate for Certain Outstanding USD LIBOR Securities After June 30  2023,(marketscreener.com) CHARLOTTE  N.C.  March 31  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- Bank of America Corporation   BofA Finance LLC and certain other BAC-affiliated issuers have issued and outstanding certain floating or fixed-to-floating rate debt securities  preferred st…,"CHARLOTTE  N.C.  March 31  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- Bank of America Corporation (""BAC"") (NYSE: BAC)  BofA Finance LLC (""BofA Finance"") and certain other BAC-affiliated issuers have issued and outstanding certain floating or fixed-to-floating rate debt securities  preferred stock represented by depositary shares and trust preferred securities  listed in the Annexes to this press release  that are governed by New York or Delaware law  for which U.S. dollar LIBOR (""USD LIBOR"")  for one- or three-month tenors  serves as the benchmark rate used in connection with the calculation or determination of applicable interest  dividend or distribution payments (the ""USD LIBOR Securities""). On March 5  2021  the U.K.'s Financial Conduct Authority announced that after June 30  2023  USD LIBOR for such tenors (along with other remaining tenors of USD LIBOR) would cease publication or no longer be representative. In connection with the cessation of representative USD LIBOR  on March 15  2022  Congress enacted the Adjustable Interest Rate (LIBOR) Act (the ""LIBOR Act"")  and the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System (the ""Board"") has issued final rules thereunder (the ""LIBOR Rule"").BAC is issuing this press release to announce its expectation that  on the first London banking date after June 30  2023 (the ""LIBOR Replacement Date"")  the CME Term SOFR Reference Rate published for the one- or three-month tenor (that corresponds to the applicable USD LIBOR tenor)  as administered by CME Group Benchmark Administration  Ltd. (or any successor administrator thereof) (""CME Term SOFR"")  plus the applicable tenor spread adjustment described below (such rate being the ""Board-selected benchmark replacement"" under the LIBOR Rule) will be the reference rate for calculations or determinations of applicable interest  dividend or distribution payments for each of the USD LIBOR Securities listed in the Annexes to this press release. The replacement of USD LIBOR as the benchmark rate for each of the USD LIBOR Securities  with CME Term SOFR for the applicable corresponding tenor  plus the applicable tenor spread adjustment  will be effective for determinations under the terms of the USD LIBOR Securities that are made on and after the LIBOR Replacement Date  but will not affect any determinations made prior to the LIBOR Replacement Date.Non-Workable Contractual FallbacksThe USD LIBOR Securities listed in Annex 1 to this press release  contain fallback provisions that provide for (i) a poll or inquiries for quotes or information related to USD LIBOR or (ii) benchmark replacements based on USD LIBOR values (such as the most recently available USD LIBOR rate or USD LIBOR rate as determined by the calculation agent using discretion). Under the LIBOR Act and LIBOR Rule  on the LIBOR Replacement Date  by operation of law (i) these fallback provisions will be disregarded and deemed null and void and without any force or effect  and (ii) USD LIBOR will be replaced as the benchmark rate by CME Term SOFR for the tenor that corresponds to the applicable USD LIBOR tenor  plus the applicable tenor spread adjustment.Determining Person DiscretionThe USD LIBOR Securities listed in Annex 2 to this press release contain fallback provisions authorizing an investment bank of national or international standing  as applicable  to select the benchmark replacement rate for three-month USD LIBOR. Under the LIBOR Act and the LIBOR Rule  such investment bank is the person with the sole authority under the terms of these USD LIBOR Securities to determine a benchmark replacement for USD LIBOR (referred to in the LIBOR Act and LIBOR Rule as the ""determining person""). For each of these USD LIBOR Securities  BAC and BofA Finance  as issuers of such securities  have appointed BofA Securities  Inc. as the determining person  and it has selected three-month CME Term SOFR  plus the applicable tenor spread adjustment  as the benchmark replacement for three-month USD LIBOR on and after the LIBOR Replacement Date.ARRC Recommended Fallback ProvisionsThe USD LIBOR Securities listed in Annex 3 to this press release contain fallback provisions for three-month USD LIBOR substantially in the form recommended on April 25  2019 by the Alternative Reference Rates Committee (""ARRC"") convened by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York. For each of these USD LIBOR Securities  in accordance with these fallback provisions  it is expected that USD LIBOR will be replaced as the benchmark rate by CME Term SOFR for the applicable tenor  plus the applicable tenor spread adjustment  on and after the USD LIBOR Replacement Date  if BAC  as issuer  determines that a benchmark transition event and the related benchmark replacement date (as such terms are defined in such securities) have occurred and an interpolated rate (as such term is defined in such securities) cannot be determined. BAC  as issuer of these USD LIBOR Securities  expects these conditions to be satisfied on and after the LIBOR Replacement Date  such that three-month CME Term SOFR  plus the applicable tenor spread adjustment  will replace three-month USD LIBOR for each of these Annex 3 USD LIBOR Securities on and after the LIBOR Replacement Date in the same manner as described above for the Annex 1 and Annex 2 USD LIBOR Securities.Tenor Spread AdjustmentThe tenor spread adjustment for CME Term SOFR with respect to the following tenors of USD LIBOR  as set forth in the LIBOR Act and the LIBOR Rule  is:Tenor Tenor spread adjustment One Month 0.11448 % Three Months 0.26161 %Conforming ChangesFor the USD LIBOR Securities for which the Board-selected benchmark replacement becomes the benchmark replacement for USD LIBOR by operation of law under the LIBOR Act (the USD LIBOR Securities listed in Annex 1) or because selected as such by a determining person (the USD LIBOR Securities listed in Annex 2)  the LIBOR Rule provides that certain benchmark replacement conforming changes will become an integral part of such securities by operation of law. See Annex 4 for a description of such conforming changes. In addition  a person responsible for calculating or determining any valuation  payment or other measurement based on a benchmark (a ""calculating person"") has the authority under the LIBOR Act and the LIBOR Rule to make certain additional benchmark replacement conforming changes (in addition to those specified in LIBOR Rule) under securities such as the USD LIBOR Securities listed in Annex 1 and Annex 2 without any requirement to obtain consent from any other person. Any such additional changes that the applicable calculating person makes with respect to such USD LIBOR Securities will become an integral part of the applicable securities by operation of law and be the subject of a separate announcement on the Investors/Fixed Income portion of BAC's website.Under the terms of the USD LIBOR Securities listed in Annex 3  BAC  as issuer  will have the right to make benchmark replacement conforming changes. It is expected that BAC will determine that the benchmark replacement conforming changes adopted by the Board under the LIBOR Rule will also apply to such USD LIBOR Securities. If BAC makes any additional benchmark replacement conforming changes with respect to such USD LIBOR Securities  such additional changes will be the subject of a separate announcement on the Investors/Fixed Income portion of BAC's website.This press release applies only to the USD LIBOR Securities listed in the Annexes to this press release and does not relate to any other securities or other instruments. In advance of the LIBOR Replacement Date  further notices relating to CME Term SOFR as the benchmark replacement rate for USD LIBOR for the USD LIBOR Securities held through The Depository Trust Company (""DTC"") will be made pursuant to the DTC LIBOR Replacement Index Communication Tool.Forward-Looking StatementsCertain statements contained in this press release may constitute ""forward-looking statements"" within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements made in this press release include  without limitation  statements concerning the expected transition of the Annex 3 USD LIBOR Securities to CME Term SOFR for the applicable tenor  plus the applicable spread adjustment. These statements are not guarantees of future results or performance and involve certain risks  uncertainties and assumptions that are difficult to predict or beyond our control. You should not place undue reliance on any forward-looking statement and should consider the uncertainties with respect to such transition and resulting risks that such transition would not occur  and including those discussed under Item 1A. ""Risk Factors"" in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31  2022  and in any of our subsequent Securities and Exchange Commission filings. Forward-looking statements speak only as of the date they are made  and except as required by the U.S. federal securities laws  we undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking statement to reflect the impact of circumstances or events that arise after the date the forward-looking statement was made.Bank of AmericaBank of America is one of the world's leading financial institutions  serving individual consumers  small and middle-market businesses and large corporations with a full range of banking  investing  asset management and other financial and risk management products and services. The company provides unmatched convenience in the United States  serving approximately 67 million consumer and small business clients with approximately 3 900 retail financial centers  approximately 16 000 ATMs  and award-winning digital banking with approximately 56 million verified digital users. Bank of America is a global leader in wealth management  corporate and investment banking and trading across a broad range of asset classes  serving corporations  governments  institutions and individuals around the world. Bank of America offers industry-leading support to approximately 3 million small business households through a suite of innovative  easy-to-use online products and services. The company serves clients through operations across the United States  its territories and approximately 35 countries. Bank of America Corporation stock (NYSE: BAC) is listed on the New York Stock Exchange.For more Bank of America news  visit the Bank of America newsroom and register for email news alerts.www.bankofamerica.comInvestors May Contact:Lee McEntire  Bank of AmericaPhone: 1.980.388.6780lee.mcentire@bofa.comJonathan Blum  Bank of America (Fixed Income)Phone: 1.212.449.3112jonathan.blum@bofa.comReporters May Contact:Bill Halldin  Bank of AmericaPhone: 1.916.724.0093william.halldin@bofa.comChristopher P. Feeney  Bank of AmericaPhone: 1.980.386.6794christopher.feeney@bofa.comANNEX 1 NON-WORKABLE CONTRACTUAL FALLBACKS BAC Benchmark NotesCUSIP No./ISIN Issue Date Title of Security 63858REX51 3/23/1998 Senior Medium-Term Floating Rate Notes  due March 2038 06050MAA5 5/21/1999 Senior Medium-Term Floating Rate Notes  due May 2039 06050MAB31 6/30/1999 Senior Medium-Term Floating Rate Notes  due June 2039 06050MAD9 10/26/1999 Senior Medium-Term Floating Rate Notes  due October 2039 06050MAG2 12/17/1999 Senior Medium-Term Floating Rate Notes  due December 2039 06050MAZ0 11/27/2000 Senior Medium-Term Floating Rate Notes  due November 2040 06050MBS5 12/28/2001 Senior Medium-Term Floating Rate Notes  due December 2041 59022CAA12 9/12/2006 Floating Rate Subordinated Notes Due September 15  2026 XS02725578761 3 10/25/2006 Registered Floating Rate Notes due October  2027 5901886X12 11/27/2006 Floating Rate Subordinated Notes Due December 1  2026 59018YT432 9/22/2008 Senior Medium-Term Floating Rate Notes  due January 2037 06051GGF0 1/20/2017 3.824% Fixed/Floating Rate Senior Notes  due January 2028 06051GGG8 1/20/2017 4.443% Fixed/Floating Rate Senior Notes  due January 2048 06051GGM5 4/24/2017 4.244% Fixed/Floating Rate Senior Notes  due April 2038 06051GGL7 4/24/2017 3.705% Fixed/Floating Rate Senior Notes  due April 2028 06051GGR4 7/21/2017 3.593% Fixed/Floating Rate Senior Notes  due July 2028 06051GGT0 9/18/2017 3.093% Fixed/Floating Rate Senior Notes  due October 2025 U0R8A1AB3/ 06051GGW3 12/20/2017 3.419% Fixed/Floating Rate Senior Notes  due 2028 06051GHD4406051GGZ6 1/23/2018 3.366% Fixed/Floating Rate Senior Notes  due January 2026 06051GHA0 1/23/2018 3.946% Fixed/Floating Rate Senior Notes  due January 2049 06051GHB8 2/5/2018 Floating Rate Senior Notes  due February 2026BAC Preferred Stock/Depositary Shares CUSIP No. Issue Date Title of Security 060505633 11/1/20045 Depositary shares  each representing a 1/1 200th interest in a share of Floating Rate Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock  Series 1 (CUSIP No. for the Series 1 Preferred Stock is 060505542) 060505625 3/14/20055 Depositary shares  each representing a 1/1 200th interest in a share of Floating Rate Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock  Series 2 (CUSIP No. for the Series 2 Preferred Stock is 060505534) 060505591 11/17/20055 Depositary shares  each representing a 1/1 200th interest in a share of Floating Rate Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock  Series 4 (CUSIP No. for the Series 4 Preferred Stock is 060505518) 060505815 11/6/2006 Depositary shares  each representing a 1/1 000th interest in a share of Floating Rate Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock  Series E (CUSIP No. for the Series E Preferred Stock is 060505799) 060505583 3/20/20075 Depositary shares  each representing a 1/1 200th interest in a share of Floating Rate Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock  Series 5 (CUSIP No. for the Series 5 Preferred Stock is 060505492) 060505ED2 5/29/2013 Depositary Shares  each representing 1/25th interest in a share of Fixed-to-Floating Rate Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock  Series U (CUSIP No. for the Series U Preferred Stock is 060505EE0) 060505EH3 9/5/2014 Depositary Shares  each representing 1/25th interest in a share of Fixed-to-Floating Rate Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock  Series X (CUSIP No. for the Series X Preferred Stock is 060505EJ9) 060505EL4 10/23/2014 Depositary Shares  each representing 1/25th interest in a share of Fixed-to-Floating Rate Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock  Series Z (CUSIP No. for the Series Z Preferred Stock is 060505EM2) 060505EN0 3/17/2015 Depositary Shares  each representing 1/25th interest in a share of Fixed-to-Floating Rate Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock  Series AA (CUSIP No. for the Series AA Preferred Stock is 060505EP5) 060505EU4 3/10/2016 Depositary Shares  each representing 1/25th interest in a share of Fixed-to-Floating Rate Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock  Series DD (CUSIP No. for the Series DD Preferred Stock is 060505EV2)BAC Client-Driven NotesCUSIP No. Issue Date Title of Security 06048WPV6 10/30/2014 Fixed to Floating Rate Notes with a Maximum Interest Rate  due October 30  2024 06048WPZ7 11/25/2014 Fixed to Floating Rate Notes with a Maximum Interest Rate  due November 25  2024 06048WTR1 10/28/2016 Fixed to Floating Rate Notes with a Maximum Interest Rate  due October 28  2026 06048WUS7 8/28/2017 Fixed to Floating Rate Notes with a Maximum Interest Rate  due August 28  2027BAC Capital Trust XIII Trust Preferred SecuritiesCUSIP No. Issue Date Title of Security 05518UAA5 2/16/2007 Floating Rate Preferred Hybrid Income Term Securities of BAC Capital Trust XIII (CUSIP No. for the underlying Series F Preferred Stock is 060505377)BAC Capital Trust XIV Trust Preferred SecuritiesCUSIP No. Issue Date Title of Security 05518VAA3 2/16/2007 5.63% Fixed to Floating Rate Preferred Hybrid Income Term Securities of BAC Capital Trust XIV (CUSIP No. for the underlying Series G Preferred Stock is 060505385)BAC Capital Trust XV Trust Preferred SecuritiesCUSIP No. Issue Date Title of Security 05518WAA1 5/31/2007 Floating Rate Capital Securities of BAC Capital Trust XV (CUSIP No. for the underlying junior subordinated notes is 060505DF8)_________________1 The benchmark rate for these USD LIBOR Securities is one-month USD LIBOR. For all other USD LIBOR Securities  the benchmark rate is three-month USD LIBOR. 2 Originally issued by Merrill Lynch & Co.  Inc. (""ML&Co.""). 3 Held through Euroclear Bank SA/NV and/or Clearstream Banking  S.A.  Luxembourg. 4 These notes of this series (CUSIP No. 06051GHD4) were issued on 5/24/2018 in exchange for outstanding notes of this series (CUSIP Nos. U0R8A1AB3 and 06051GGW3) previously issued on 12/20/2017. Certain notes of this series issued on 12/20/2017 were not exchanged and remain outstanding. 5 This is the date that ML&Co. originally issued shares of its preferred stock that were exchanged for shares of corresponding BAC preferred stock in the merger of BAC and ML&Co. on 1/1/2009.ANNEX 2 DETERMINING PERSON DISCRETION BAC Benchmark NotesCUSIP No. Issue Date Title of Security 06051GHG7 3/5/2018 3.970% Fixed/Floating Rate Senior Notes  due March 2029 06051GHL6 7/23/2018 3.864% Fixed/Floating Rate Senior Notes  due July 2024 06051GHK8 7/23/2018 Floating Rate Senior Notes  due July 2024 06051GHM4 7/23/2018 4.271% Fixed/Floating Rate Senior Notes  due July 2029 06051GHQ5 2/7/2019 3.974% Fixed/Floating Rate Senior Notes  due February 2030 06051GHR3 3/15/2019 3.458% Fixed/Floating Rate Senior Notes  due March 2025 06051GHS1 3/15/2019 4.330% Fixed/Floating Rate Senior Notes  due March 2050 06051GHT9 4/23/2019 3.559% Fixed/Floating Rate Senior Notes  due April 2027 06051GHU6 4/23/2019 4.078% Fixed/Floating Rate Senior Notes  due April 2040BAC Preferred Stock/Depositary SharesCUSIP No. Issue Date Title of Security 060505FL3 3/15/2018 Depositary Shares  each representing 1/25th interest in a share of Fixed-to-Floating Rate Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock  Series FF (CUSIP No. for the Series FF Preferred Stock is 060505FK5)BAC Client-Driven NotesCUSIP No./ISIN Issue Date Title of Security 06048WWH9 4/23/2018 Puttable Floating Rate Notes  due April 23  2058 06048WWN6 4/27/2018 Floating Rate Notes with Minimum and Maximum Interest Rates  due April 27  2028 06048WXG0 8/31/2018 Puttable Floating Rate Notes  due August 30  2058 06048WXP0 9/12/2018 Puttable Floating Rate Notes  due September 12  2058 06048WYA2 11/9/2018 Puttable Floating Rate Notes  due November 9  2058 06048WYR5 12/10/2018 Puttable Floating Rate Notes  due December 10  2058 06048WYS3 12/18/2018 Floating Rate Notes with Minimum and Maximum Interest Rates  due December 18  2028 06048WYV6 12/26/2018 Puttable Floating Rate Notes  due December 26  2058 06048WZF0 2/7/2019 Puttable Floating Rate Notes  due February 7  2059 XS19023423176 11/13/2018 USD 3 000 000 Floating Rate Notes due November 2028 XS19175719006 12/10/2018 USD 10 000 000 Floating Rate Notes due December 2028 XS19434433306 2/7/2019 USD 3 000 000 Floating Rate Notes due February 2029 XS19585375476 3/13/2019 USD 3 000 000 Floating Rate Notes due March 2029 XS19581898366 3/14/2019 USD 10 000 000 Floating Rate Notes due March 2029BofA Finance Client-Driven NoteCUSIP No. Issue Date Title of Security 09709THC8 7/29/2019 4.00% Issuer Callable Daily Range Accrual Notes Linked to 3-month U.S. Dollar LIBOR  due July 29  2029_________________6 Held through Euroclear Bank SA/NV and/or Clearstream Banking  S.A.  Luxembourg.ANNEX 3 ARRC RECOMMENDED FALLBACK PROVISIONS BAC Benchmark NotesCUSIP No. Issue Date Title of Security 06051GHV4 7/23/2019 3.194% Fixed/Floating Rate Senior Notes  due July 2030 06051GHW2 10/22/2019 2.456% Fixed/Floating Rate Senior Notes  due October 2025 06051GHX0 10/22/2019 2.884% Fixed/Floating Rate Senior Notes  due October 2030 06051GHY8 2/13/2020 2.015% Fixed/Floating Rate Senior Notes  due February 2026 06051GHZ5 2/13/2020 2.496% Fixed/Floating Rate Senior Notes  due February 2031 06051GJA8 3/20/20207 4.083% Fixed/Floating Rate Senior Notes  due March 2051BAC Preferred Stock/Depositary SharesCUSIP No. Issue Date Title of Security 060505FP4 6/20/2019 Depositary Shares  each representing 1/25th interest in a share of Fixed-to-Floating Rate Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock  Series JJ (CUSIP No. for the Series JJ Preferred Stock is 060505FN9) 060505FQ2 1/24/2020 Depositary Shares  each representing 1/25th interest in a share of Fixed-to-Floating Rate Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock  Series MM (CUSIP No. for the Series MM Preferred Stock is 060505FR0)BAC Client-Driven NotesCUSIP No. Issue Date Title of Security 06048WE22 10/24/2019 Puttable Floating Rate Notes  due October 24  2059 06048WF47 11/29/2019 Puttable Floating Rate Notes  due December 1  2059_________________7 Issue Date of 3/27/2020 for additional notes issued in a reopening of this series.ANNEX 4CONFORMING CHANGESThe following are the benchmark replacement conforming changes specified in the LIBOR Rule:(1) Any reference to a specified source for USD LIBOR shall be replaced with the publication of the applicable Board-selected benchmark replacement (inclusive of the applicable tenor spread adjustment) by either the relevant benchmark administrator for the applicable Board-selected benchmark replacement or any third party authorized by the relevant benchmark administrator to publish the applicable Board-selected benchmark replacement. (2) Any reference to a particular time of day for determining USD LIBOR (such as 11:00 a.m. London time) shall be replaced with the standard publication time for the applicable Board-selected benchmark replacement (inclusive of the relevant tenor spread adjustment)  as established by the relevant benchmark administrator. (3) Any provision of any USD LIBOR Securities requiring use of a combination (such as an average) of LIBOR values over a period of time that spans the LIBOR Replacement Date shall be modified to provide that the combination shall be calculated consistent with that contractual provision using (i) the USD LIBOR the applicable tenor for any date prior to the LIBOR Replacement Date and (ii) the applicable Board-selected benchmark replacement rate for any date on or following the LIBOR Replacement Date  respectively. (4) To the extent a Board-selected benchmark replacement is not available or published on a particular day indicated in the USD LIBOR Securities as the determination date  the most recently available publication of the Board-selected benchmark replacement will apply.View original content to download multimedia: https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/bank-of-america-corporation-announces-cme-term-sofr-as-benchmark-replacement-rate-for-certain-outstanding-usd-libor-securities-after-june-30-2023-301787421.htmlSOURCE Bank of America Corporation",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.42,0.19,0.39,True,English,"['Outstanding USD LIBOR Securities', 'CME Term SOFR', 'Benchmark Replacement Rate', 'America Corporation', 'Bank', 'Certain', 'June', 'CME Term SOFR Reference Rate', 'Alternative Reference Rates Committee', 'first London banking date', 'applicable tenor spread adjustment', 'CME Group Benchmark Administration', 'U.S. dollar LIBOR', 'three-month CME Term SOFR', 'applicable USD LIBOR tenor', 'related benchmark replacement date', 'The USD LIBOR Securities', 'floating rate debt securities', 'USD LIBOR Replacement Date', 'applicable corresponding tenor', 'applicable interest, dividend', 'Federal Reserve System', 'Non-Workable Contractual Fallbacks', 'representative USD LIBOR', 'USD LIBOR values', 'three-month USD LIBOR', 'Adjustable Interest Rate', 'Financial Conduct Authority', 'benchmark transition event', 'trust preferred securities', 'USD LIBOR rate', 'other BAC-affiliated issuers', 'other remaining tenors', 'Federal Reserve Bank', 'benchmark replacement rate', 'BofA Finance LLC', 'three-month tenor', 'Determining Person Discretion', 'benchmark rate', 'BofA Securities', 'U.K.', 'LIBOR) Act', 'LIBOR Act', 'LIBOR Rule', 'interpolated rate', 'preferred stock', 'benchmark replacements', 'sole authority', 'N.C.', 'America Corporation', 'depositary shares', 'press release', 'New York', 'distribution payments', 'final rules', 'successor administrator', 'fallback provisions', 'investment bank', 'international standing', 'Delaware law', 'calculation agent', 'March', 'PRNewswire', 'outstanding', 'Annexes', 'connection', 'determination', 'June', 'publication', 'cessation', 'Congress', 'Board', 'Governors', 'expectation', 'calculations', 'terms', 'poll', 'inquiries', 'quotes', 'information', 'operation', 'force', 'effect', 'Inc.', 'ARRC', 'April', 'accordance', 'conditions']",2023-03-31,2023-04-01,marketscreener.com
21910,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/ENEA-AB-PUBL-34912608/news/Enea-Notice-of-Annual-General-Meeting-in-Enea-AB-2023_webb-43393304/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230331,Enea : Notice of Annual General Meeting in Enea AB 2023_webb,"(marketscreener.com)   Notice of Annual General Meeting in Enea AB    ""Company"" or ""Enea"")  are   herebyThe shareholinvitedersto attendin E eatheABAnnual Generalcorp. id.Meetingno. 556209-7146 to(thebe held on Thursday May 4  2023  at 4.30 p.m. at Kis…","Enea : Notice of Annual General Meeting in Enea AB 2023_webb 03/31/2023 | 08:25am EDT Send by mail :Name : First name : From * : To * : (You can enter multiple email addresses separated by commas) Message : * Required fields Notice of Annual General Meeting in Enea AB (publ) ""Company"" or ""Enea"")  are herebyThe shareholinvitedersto attendin E eatheABAnnual(publ) Generalcorp. id.Meetingno. 556209(""AGM"")-7146 to(thebe held on Thursday May 4  2023  at 4.30 p.m. at Kista Science Tower  Färögatan 33 in Kista  Stockholm. Notice of attendance Shareholders who wish to attend the AGM must be recorded as shareholder in the share register maintained by Euroclear Sweden AB as of Tuesday April 25  2023 and notify attendance to the Company no later than Thursday April 27  2023  preferably before 5 p.m. Notice of attendance can be given by post to Enea AB (publ)  P.O. Box 1033  164 21 Kista  Sweden  by telephone +46 8 507 140 00 or by e-mail to agm@enea.com. Notice of attendance shall contain name  personal or corporate identification number  number of represented shares  address  telephone number and assistant  if any (not more than 2). Shareholders intending to participate by proxy must issue a written  signed and dated Power of Attorney. The validity term of the Power of Attorney may not be more than one year  unless a longer validity term is specifically stated in the Power of Attorney (however at the longest five years). The Power of Attorney and other authorization documents should preferably be sent to the Company well in advance on the address above. If the Power of Attorney is issued by a legal entity  an up-to-date certificate of registration or equivalent document' for the legal entity must be attached. Power of Attorney forms are available on the Company s website  www.enea.comand will also be sent to shareholders who so request and state their address. Shartheirholders whose shares are trustee-registered in the name of a bank or other trustee must  into be ableownto nameexercisewitheirEuroclearvoting rightsSwedenat ABthe(soAGM calledr quest""votingthe rightstrus eeregistration"")to register their. Suchsharesvoting rights registration must be implemented by the trustee no later than as of Thursday April 27  2023  which means that shareholders who want such voting rights registration must notify their trustee of their request well in advance before this date. Proposed agenda Opening of the AGM Election of chairman of the AGM Preparation and approval of the voting list Approval of the agenda Election of one or two persons to verify the minutes and count the votes Determination as to whether the AGM has been properly convened Presentation by the CEO Presentation of the annual report  the consolidated annual report  the audit report and the consolidated audit report  as well as the statement by the auditor on the compliance of the applicable guidelines for remuneration of senior executives Resolutions regarding adoption of the income statement and the balance sheet  the consolidatedincome statement  and the consolidated ' balance sheet appropriation of the Company s profit in accordance with the adopted balance sheet discharge of liability for the members of the board of directors and the CEO Determination of the number of board members and deputy members and the number of auditors and deputy auditors Determination of the fees to the board members and the fees to the auditors Election of members of the board of directors chairman of the board auditor Resolution on the procedure on appointment of the members of the nomination committee ' The board ' s proposal for resolution on approval of remuneration report The board s proposal on authorization for the board to acquire and transfer own ordinary shares ' The board ' s proposal on guidelines for remuneration of senior executives The board s proposal on authorization for the board to issue new ordinary shares to finance further ' growth and expansion The board s proposal for resolution on (A) long-term share based incentive plan; (B) hedging measures by way of (i) authorization on directed issues of series C shares  (ii) authorization for repurchase of series C shares  and (iii) resolution on transfer of own ordinary shares; and (C) equity swap arrangements with third parties Closing of the AGM Propositions The board's proposition on the appropriation of the Company's profit (item 9 b) The board proposes that there will be no dividend distributed to the shareholders regarding the financial year 2022 and that the available funds at the disposal of the AGM of SEK 808 245 672 are carried forward. ' The nominationcommitteee(""NC"")s propforsitionsthe AGM(items 2 and 10-13) 2023 consists of Per Lindberg (own mandate)  Niklas Johansson (Handelsbanken Fonder)  Sophie Larsén (Första AP-fonden)  Henrik Söderberg (C WorldWide Asset Management) and Anders Lidbeck (chairman of Enea AB). The NC has appointed Per Lindberg as its chairman. The propositions by the NC are supported by a unanimous NC. The NC proposes that Anders Lidbeck is elected as chairman of the AGM 2023. The NC proposes that the board shall consist of six ordinary members elected by the AGM without any deputy members and that one auditor is appointed. The NC proposes unchanged remuneration to the board compared to previous year  for the period from this AGM until the end of the next AGM  of a total of SEK 2 220 000  to be allocated with SEK 550 000 to the chairman and with SEK 270 000 to the members elected by the AGM  and SEK 320 000 to be allocated amongst the members for committee work as follows: SEK 100 000 to the chairman of the audit committee and SEK 60 000 to the member  and SEK 50 000 to the chairman of the remuneration committee and SEK 30 000 to the member  and SEK 50 000 to the chairman of the technology committee and SEK 30 000 to the member. The NC proposes that the auditor shall receive reasonable compensation as per invoice. The NC proposes re-election of Anders Lidbeck  Kjell Duveblad  Jan Frykhammar  Mats Lindoff  Åsa Schwarz and Charlotta Sund as members of the board. The NC proposes re-election of Anders Lidbeck as chairman of the board. The NC proposes re-election of Öhrlings PricewaterhouseCoopers AB  with the authorized public accountant Niklas Kullberg as the auditor in charge  as accounting firm for the period until the next AGM. The NC proposes that a new NC shall consist of representatives of two of the largest shareholders as well as the chairman of the board. The NC may  however  also consist of representatives of three or four of the largest shareholders as well as the chairman of the board  if the chairman of the board notices such an interest amongst the largest shareholders in connection with the formation of the NC. The chairman of the board is assigned to contact the four largest (according to number of registered votes) shareholders per September 30  2023 and request them to each appoint a member of the NC. If more than two of those shareholders do not wish to appoint a member  additional shareholders (according to number of votes) will be requested to appoint a member of the NC. A shareholder representative should be appointed' chairman of the NC. The names of the NC members shall be published in the Company s interim report for the third quarter. The period of mandate for the appointed NC shall run until the next NC has been appointed. If a substantial change occurs in the shareholder structure following the constitution of the NC  and latest three months before the AGM  the NC shall be adjusted in accordance with the principles above. The NC shall prepare and make proposals to the AGM regarding election of the chairman of the AGM  election of the chairman of the board as well as other members of the board  remuneration for the board divided between the chairman and the other members as well as the distribution of remuneration  if any  for work in committees  election and compensation of auditors and deputy auditors (if any) and principles for appointment of a new NC. The NC shall have the right to charge the Company with costs for e.g. recruitment consultants and other costs that may arise for the NC to carry out its assignment. The board's proposal for resolution on approval of remuneration report (item 14) The board proposes that the AGM resolves to approve the board's remuneration report for the financial year 2022. The board's proposal regarding authorization for the board to acquire and transfer own ordinary shares (item 15) The board proposes that the AGM authorizes the board to acquire and transfer own ordinary Stockholmshares according(""the Marketplace"")to the followingor. inAcquisitionaccordanceof withordinaryan offersharesto allmayshareholdersonly be madein theon NasdaqCompany or all holders of ordinary'shares. Acquisition may only be made of such number of ordinary shares that the Company s holding of shares at each time does not exceed 10 percent of all shares in the Company. Transfer of ordinary shares may be made in other ways than on the ' Marketplace  including a right to transfer ordinary shares with deviation from the shareholders preferential rights and that payment may be made in cash  in kind  by set-off or otherwise with conditions. A maximum of 10 percent of the total number of shares in the Company may be transferred. However  if  prior to the exercise of the authorization regarding transfer of own ordinary shares  the board has also exercised the authorization regarding new issue of ordinary shares (item 17 on the agenda)  the number of ordinary shares that may be transferred under this authorization shall be reduced by the corresponding number of ordinary shares issued pursuant to the issue authorization. The authorizations stated above may be utilized on one or several occasions up until the AGM 2024. Acquisition and transfer of ordinary shares on the Marketplace may only be made at a price within the registered price interval at the Marketplace. Transfer of shares in connection with acquisitions of businesses may be made at a market price estimated by the board. The purpose of the authorizations' above to acquire and transfer ordinary shares  including any deviation from the shareholders preferential rights in connection with transfer  is to continuously be able to adjust the capital structure of the Company to the capital needs of the Company  to enable financing  in whole or in part  in connection with acquisitions of businesses and for financing and/or securing delivery of ordinary shares in long-term incentive programs previously adopted by the AGM. If the authorization regarding' transfer of ordinary shares is used for transfers with deviation from the shareholders preferential rights  the board shall  in connection with' the authorization being exercised  publish the reasons for the deviation from the shareholders preferential rights. Resolution on this item on the agenda has to be supported by shareholders representing at least two-thirds of the votes cast as well as of all shares represented at the AGM. The board's proposal regarding guidelines for remuneration of senior executives (item 16) The board proposes - with amendment of the guidelines adopted at the AGM 2022 - that the AGM approves the following guidelines for remuneration of senior executives. Who the guidelines cover  and their applicability These guidelines for remuneration of senior executives cover the CEO and other members of group management. The guidelines should be applied to compensation agreed  and amendments to compensation previously agreed  after the guidelines have been adopted by the AGM 2023. Regarding employment terms in other legislatures than Sweden  the relevant adaptations should be made to comply with mandatory local regulation or practice  for the overall purpose of these guidelines to be met. These guidelines do not cover compensation resolved by the AGM. The board is entitled to temporarily depart from these guidelines wholly or partly if there are special reasons' for this in an individual case  and a departure is necessary to'serve the Company s long-term interests and sustainability  or to ensure the Company s profitability. If such departure occurs  this should be stated in the Remuneration Report at the following AGM. These guidelines apply to the period from the AGM 2023 until next AGM. Matters regarding departure from the guidelines should be subject to consultation by the Remuneration Committee  and decision by the board. The guidelines' promotion of the Company's business strategy  long-term interests  and sustainability' Enea s ambition is to be a global software company  with a strong and leading position in the markets that it addresses  with yearly sales growth  high profitability  and healthy cash flows. Organic growth is the foundation of the operations  and work is ongoing to develop  rationalize and optimize it. Strategic and complementary acquisitions will be continuously screened  and if considered to add value for customers and shareholders within a well-considered' risk level  Enea will attempt to execute such acquisitions. For more information on Enea s strategy and target  see www.enea.com. The board's opinion is that the Company's ability to attract  motivate and retain' high-performing staff and managers is critical for' a successful implementation of the Company s business strategy and protection of the Company s long-term interests  including sustainability. This entails the Company being able to offer competitive benefits packages. Total compensation should contain a variable component linked to the' individual performance of staff and managers  but that is also synchronized with the Company s profitability and long-term sustainability. Forms of compensation  etc. Remuneration and other employment terms of senior executives should be at market levels. Remuneration consists of basic salary  variable remuneration and pensions. Additionally - and independent of these guidelines - the general meeting is entitled to resolve on share or share price-based payments. Fixed basic salary The CEO and other senior executives shall be offered a fixed annual cash salary  at a level aimed at attracting and retaining'senior executives with such professional and personal skills as are required to promote Enea s results. As a starting point  the fixed salary shall be determined per calendar year and normally be reviewed annually. Short'-term incentive program (STI) Enea s STI program has three parts. Two of these parts relate to the Company achieving specific financial targets  while one is determined by the'achievement of individual targets. Most of the variable compensation is linked to the Company s financial targets  while the individual targets correspond to a smaller proportion of variable compensation. The criteria applied as regards the Company's financial targets are linked to long-term targets decided by the board at any given time  such as sales  EBIT and EBITDA. The criteria applying to the individual targets shall be decided prior to the end of the first quarter of the financial year ' that the compensation relates to  and shall be as specific as the criteria' relating to the Company s financial targets. The criteria are designed to promote the Company s business' strategy  long- term interests  as well as sustainability  and accordingly  the Company s long-term value creation. The outcome of compensation is subject to consultation by the Remuneration Committee and decided by the board for the CEO. For other senior executives  the outcome of compensation is consulted and decided by the Remuneration Committee. Payment' of compensation is executed as soon as possible after the board meeting where the Company s annual financial statement is approved for the vesting year. The Company is not entitled to reclaim this compensation. Attachments Original LinkOriginal DocumentPermalink Disclaimer Enea AB published this content on 31 March 2023 and is solely responsible for the information contained therein. Distributed by Public  unedited and unaltered  on 31 March 2023 12:24:05 UTC.© Publicnow 2023 All news about ENEA AB (PUBL) 03/31 Enea : Notice of Annual General Meeting in Enea AB 2023_webb PU 03/31 Enea : Power of Attorney form AGM 2023 PU 03/31 Enea : The nomination committee_s proposition 2023 PU 03/31 Enea : Presentation of the candidates for the Board of Directors 2023 PU 03/31 Enea : Styrelsens förslag till beslut AGM 2023_EN PU 03/31 Enea : The Board of Directors_ statement pursuant to Chapter 19_AGM 2023 PU 03/31 Notice of Annual General Meeting in Enea AB (publ) AQ 02/28 Enea : launches dual-mode Policy Manager  using a common 5GC network data layer PU 02/02 Transcript : Enea AB  2022 Earnings Call  Feb 02  2023 CI 02/02 Enea AB Reports Earnings Results for the Full Year Ended December 31  2022 CI",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.82,0.17,0.01,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'Enea', 'Notice', 'C WorldWide Asset Management', ""consolidated ' balance sheet appropriation"", 'multiple email addresses', 'Färögatan', 'P.O. Box', 'longest five years', 'balance sheet discharge', 'equity swap arrangements', 'Sophie Larsén', 'Första AP-fonden', 'Henrik Söderberg', 'Annual General Meeting', 'series C shares', 'consolidated annual report', 'Suchsharesvoting rights registration', 'consolidated audit report', 'longer validity term', 'senior executives Resolutions', 'consolidated income statement', 'Kista Science Tower', 'Company s website', 'corporate identification number', 'new ordinary shares', 'Euroclear Sweden AB', 'other authorization documents', 'Company s profit', 'voting list', 'Thursday May', 'share register', 'Tuesday April', 'Thursday April', 'legal entity', 'equivalent document', 'nameexercisewitheirEuroclearvoting rightsSwedenat', 'rightstrus eeregistration', 'agenda Opening', 'agenda Election', 'two persons', 'nomination committee', 'hedging measures', 'third parties', 'financial year', 'available funds', 'Per Lindberg', 'Niklas Johansson', 'Handelsbanken Fonder', 'Anders Lidbeck', 'other trustee', 'Enea AB', 'remuneration report', 'votes Determination', 'CEO Determination', 'deputy auditors', 'auditors Election', 'The NC', 'unanimous NC', 'one year', 'date certificate', 'CEO Presentation', 'applicable guidelines', 'deputy members', 'AGM Election', 'AGM Preparation', 'First name', 'The Power', 'Attorney forms', 'telephone number', 'AGM Propositions', 'board members', 'board auditor', 'Notice', 'commas', 'Message', 'fields', 'shareholinvitedersto', 'Generalcorp', 'Meetingno', 'Stockholm', 'attendance', 'Shareholders', 'post', 'publ', 'personal', 'represented', 'assistant', 'proxy', 'written', 'advance', 'Shartheirholders', 'request', 'chairman', 'approval', 'minutes', 'compliance', 'adoption', 'accordance', 'liability', 'directors', 'fees', 'procedure', 'appointment', 'proposal', 'growth', 'expansion', 'way', 'issues', 'repurchase', 'transfer', 'item', 'disposal', 'SEK', 'nominationcommitteee', 'mandate', '4.30', '5']",2023-03-31,2023-04-01,marketscreener.com
21911,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/notice-of-annual-general-meeting-of-medivir-ab-publ-301786889.html,Notice of Annual General Meeting of Medivir AB (publ),STOCKHOLM  March 31  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- The shareholders of Medivir AB (publ)  reg. no. 556238-4361  with its registered office in Huddinge  Stockholm  are hereby summoned to the annual general meeting on Thursday 4 May 2023 at 14.00 CEST at Tändstickspalat…,"STOCKHOLM  March 31  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- The shareholders of Medivir AB (publ)  reg. no. 556238-4361  with its registered office in Huddinge  Stockholm  are hereby summoned to the annual general meeting on Thursday 4 May 2023 at 14.00 CEST at Tändstickspalatset  Västra Trädgårdsgatan 15  Stockholm  Sweden.Shareholders can participate in the annual general meeting by attending the venue in person or by voting in advance (postal voting).Right to participate in the annual general meeting and notice of participationParticipation in the annual general meeting at the venueA shareholder who wishes to participate in the annual general meeting at the venue in person or represented by a proxy must (i) be recorded in the share register maintained by Euroclear Sweden AB relating to the circumstances on 25 April 2023  and (ii) no later than 27 April 2023 give notice by post to Medivir AB  ""Annual general meeting""  c/o Euroclear Sweden AB  Box 191  SE-101 23 Stockholm  by telephone +46 (0)8 402 92 37 or by the company's webpage www.medivir.com. When providing such notice  the shareholder should set forth the name  address  telephone number (daytime)  personal/corporate identity number  the number of shares held and  when applicable  information about representatives and assistants.If a shareholder is represented by proxy  a written  dated proxy for the representative must be issued  should the right to vote for the shares be divided among different representatives  the representatives  together with information on the number of shares each representative is entitled to vote for. A proxy form is available on the company's webpage  www.medivir.com. If the proxy is issued by a legal entity  a certificate of registration or equivalent certificate of authority should be enclosed. To facilitate the registration at the annual general meeting  the proxy and the certificate of registration or equivalent certificate of authority should be sent to the company as set out above so that it is received no later than 3 May 2023.Participation by advance votingA shareholder who wishes to participate in the annual general meeting by advance voting must(i) be recorded in the share register maintained by Euroclear Sweden AB relating to the circumstances on 25 April 2023  and (ii) notify its intention to participate in the annual general meeting no later than27 April 2023  by casting its advance vote in accordance with the instructions below so that the advance vote is received by Euroclear Sweden AB no later than on that day.A shareholder who wishes to participate in the annual general meeting at the venue in person or represented by a proxy must give notice thereof in accordance with what is set out under Participation in the annual general meeting at the venue above. This means that a notification by advance vote is not sufficient for a person who wishes to participate at the venue.A special form shall be used when advance voting. The advance voting form is available on the company's webpage www.medivir.com. A completed and signed form must be received by Euroclear Sweden AB no later than 27 April 2023. The form may be submitted via e-mail to [email protected] or by post to Medivir AB  ""Annual general meeting""  c/o Euroclear Sweden AB  Box 191  SE-101 23 Stockholm  Sweden. Shareholders may also cast their advance votes electronically through BankID verification via Euroclear Sweden AB's webpage; https://anmalan.vpc.se/EuroclearProxyThe shareholder may not provide special instructions or conditions in the voting form. If so  the vote (i.e. the advance vote in its entirety) is invalid. Further instructions and conditions are included in the form for advance voting.If a shareholder votes in advance by proxy  a written and dated proxy shall be enclosed to the advance voting form. Proxy forms are available on the company's webpage www.medivir.com. If the shareholder is a legal entity  a certificate of incorporation or an equivalent certificate of authority should be enclosed. If a shareholder has voted in advance and then attends the annual general meeting in person or through a proxy  the advance vote is still valid except to the extent the shareholder casts votes during the annual general meeting or otherwise withdraws its casted advance vote. If the shareholder chooses to participate in a voting during the annual general meeting  the submitted advance vote will be replaced by the vote cast at the annual general meeting.For questions regarding the annual general meeting or to have the advance voting form sent by post  please contact Euroclear Sweden AB on telephone +46 (0)8 402 92 37 (Monday–Friday  09.00–16.00 CEST).Nominee-registered sharesTo be entitled to participate in the annual general meeting  a shareholder whose shares are held in the name of a nominee must  in addition to providing notification of participation  register its shares in its own name so that the shareholder is recorded in the share register relating to the circumstances on 25 April 2023. Such registration may be temporary (so-called voting right registration) and is requested from the nominee in accordance with the nominee's procedures and in such time in advance as the nominee determines. Voting right registrations completed by the nominee not later than 27 April 2023 are taken into account when preparing the register of shareholders.Shareholders' right to request informationShareholders are reminded of their right to  at the annual general meeting  obtain information from the board of directors and the managing director in accordance with Chapter 7 Section 32 of the Swedish Companies Act (Sw. aktiebolagslagen).Number of shares and votesAs of the date of this notice there are 55 735 651 class B shares in the company that entitle to one vote each. The company holds 11 413 own class B shares.Proposed agendaOpening of the meeting. Election of chairman of the meeting. Preparation and approval of the voting list. Election of two persons who shall approve the minutes of the meeting. Approval of the agenda. Determination of whether the meeting has been duly convened. Reports from the managing director and the chairman of the board. Presentation of the annual report and the auditor's report as well as the consolidated annual accounts and the auditor's report for the group. Resolution on approval of the profit and loss account and balance sheet as well as the consolidated profit and loss account and consolidated balance sheet. Resolution on approval of allocations of the company's profits or losses according to the adopted balance sheet. Resolution on discharge from liability of the members of the board of directors and the managing director. Determination of the number of directors  deputy directors  auditors and deputy auditors. Determination of fees to be paid to the directors and the auditor. Election of the members of the board of directorsThe nomination committee's proposal:14.1 Uli Hacksell (re-election)14.2 Lennart Hansson (re-election)14.3 Bengt Westermark (re-election)14.4 Yilmaz Mahshid (re-election)14.5 Anette Lindqvist (re-election) Election of the chairman of the board.The nomination committee proposes that Uli Hacksell is re-elected as chairman of the board. Election of the auditor. Presentation of the board of directors' remuneration report for approval. The board of directors' proposal to adopt new articles of association. The board of directors' proposal regarding authorization for the board to resolve on new share issues. The board of directors' proposal regarding a long-term incentive program in the form of a share matching program (LTIP 2023). Closing of the meeting.Election of chairman of the meeting (item 2)The nomination committee  comprising Karl Tobieson (Linc AB  chairman)  Richard Torgerson (Nordea Investment Funds)  Anders Hallberg (HealthInvest Partners) and the chairman of the board of directors  Uli Hacksell  proposes Uli Hacksell  or the person appointed by the board of directors if he has an impediment to attend  to be appointed chairman of the meeting.Allocation of the company's balance (item 10)The board of directors proposes that the company's results shall be carried forward.Determination of the number of directors  deputy directors  auditors and deputy auditors (item 12)The nomination committee proposes that the board of directors shall consist of five members with no deputies. The company shall have one auditor without deputy auditors.Determination of fees to be paid to the directors and the auditor (item 13)The nomination committee proposes that the remuneration to the board of directors shall be paid in a total amount of not more than SEK 1 730 000 (1 730 000) annually allocated as follows (fees for 2022 within brackets). The chairman shall receive SEK 690 000 (690 000) and other board members not employed by the company shall receive SEK 260 000 (260 000) each.The remuneration to the auditor is proposed to be paid in accordance with approved invoices within the auditor's quotation.Election of the directors and election of chairman of the board (item 14 and 15)The proposals by the nomination committee are stated in the proposed agenda above. Further information on the proposed members of the board is available at www.medivir.com.Election of the auditor (item 16)The nomination committee proposes new election of the auditing company Grant Thornton AB  as the company's auditor for the period until the end of the annual general meeting to be held 2024. Therese Utengen is proposed by Grant Thornton AB as auditor in charge if they are elected. The proposal is in accordance with the board of directors' recommendation.The board of directors' proposal to adopt new articles of association (item 18)The board of directors proposes that the annual general meeting resolves to adopt new articles of association to update § 4 and to remove § 13. The updated § 4 together with the removed 13 § entail the removal of the share class A  including its pre-emption rights  and that shares of series B will be reclassified to ordinary shares. In addition  the new § 4 enables shares of series C to be issued  conversion of shares of series C into ordinary shares  redemption and regulates pre-emptive rights.The board of directors proposes that the CEO shall be authorized to make the minor adjustments to this resolution that may be necessary in connection with the registration thereof.Current wording Proposed wording 4 § Share capital and sharesThe share capital is to be not less than SEK twenty million (20 000 000) and not more than SEK eighty million (80 000 000). The number of shares is to be not less than forty million (40.000.000) and not more than one hundred and sixty million (160 000 000).Two classes of shares may be issued  series A and series B. Shares of series A shall entitle the holder to ten (10) votes per share  whereas shares of series B shall entitle the holder to one (1) vote per share. Shares of each class may be issued in a quantity not exceeding the total number of shares in the company.Holders of shares of series A are entitled to  by written notification to the company  request conversion of shares of series A into shares of series B. The same shall apply with regard to subscription rights to shares of series A.If the company resolves to issue new shares of two classes  series A and series B  through a cash issue or offset issue  holders of series A and series B shares shall have a pre-emptive right to subscribe for new shares of the same class in proportion to the number of shares already owned by the shareholders (primary pre-emptive right). Shares not subscribed for on the basis of a primary pre-emptive right shall be offered for subscription to all shareholders (subsidiary pre-emptive right). If the number of shares offered in this way is insufficient to meet the demand from holders of a subsidiary pre-emptive right  the shares shall be allocated among the subscribers in proportion to the number of shares already held by them and  to the extent that this is not possible  through the drawing of lots.If the company resolves to issue new shares of only one class through a cash issue or an offset issue  all shareholders  irrespective of the class of share they hold  shall have a pre-emptive right of subscription to the new shares in proportion to the number of shares already held by them.If the company decides to issue warrants or convertibles through a cash issue or an offset issue  the shareholders shall have a pre-emptive right to subscribe for warrants as if the issue concerned the shares which may be subscribed for on the basis of the options  or a pre-emptive right to subscribe for convertibles as if the issue concerned the shares for which the convertibles may be exchanged.The above provisions shall not restrict the company's right to resolve on a cash issue or an offset issue which is not based on shareholders' pre-emptive rights.If the share capital is increased through a bonus issue  new shares of each class will be issued in proportion to the number of shares of the same class already exist. Earlier shares of a specific class shall then entitle the shareholder to new shares of the same class. The foregoing shall not restrict the company's right to issue shares of a new class through a bonus issue  following the requisite amendments to the articles of association. 4 § Share capital and sharesThe share capital is to be not less than SEK twenty million (20 000 000) and not more than SEK eighty million (80 000 000). The number of shares is to be not less than forty million (40.000.000) and not more than one hundred and sixty million (160 000 000).Two classes of shares may be issued  ordinary shares and shares of series C. Ordinary shares shall entitle the holder to one (1) vote per share  whereas shares of series C shall entitle the holder to one tenth (1/10) vote per share. Shares of each class may be issued in a quantity not exceeding the total number of shares in the company.Shares of series C held by the company may  upon decision of the board of directors be reclassified into ordinary shares. Immediately thereafter  the board of directors shall register the reclassification with the Swedish Companies Registration Office. The reclassification is effected when it has been registered and the reclassification has been reflected in the central securities depository register.Holders of shares of series C are not entitled to dividends. Upon the company's liquidation  shares of series C carry equivalent right to the company's assets as other shares  however not to an amount exceeding the quota value of the share.If the company resolves to issue new shares of two classes  ordinary shares and shares of series C  through a cash issue or offset issue  holders of ordinary shares and series C shares shall have a pre-emptive right to subscribe for new shares of the same class in proportion to the number of shares already owned by the shareholders (primary pre-emptive right). Shares not subscribed for on the basis of a primary pre-emptive right shall be offered for subscription to all shareholders (subsidiary pre-emptive right). If the number of shares offered in this way is insufficient to meet the demand from holders of a subsidiary pre-emptive right  the shares shall be allocated among the subscribers in proportion to the number of shares already held by them and  to the extent that this is not possible  through the drawing of lots.If the company resolves to issue new shares of only one class through a cash issue or an offset issue  all shareholders  irrespective of the class of share they hold  shall have a pre-emptive right of subscription to the new shares in proportion to the number of shares already held by them.If the company decides to issue warrants or convertibles through a cash issue or an offset issue  the shareholders shall have a pre-emptive right to subscribe for warrants as if the issue concerned the shares which may be subscribed for on the basis of the options  or a pre-emptive right to subscribe for convertibles as if the issue concerned the shares for which the convertibles may be exchanged.The above provisions shall not restrict the company's right to resolve on a cash issue or an offset issue which is not based on shareholders' pre-emptive rights.If the share capital is increased through a bonus issue  new shares of each class will be issued in proportion to the number of shares of the same class already exist. Earlier shares of a specific class shall then entitle the shareholder to new shares of the same class. The foregoing shall not restrict the company's right to issue shares of a new class through a bonus issue  following the requisite amendments to the articles of association.Reduction of share capital  which in any case shall not fall below the minimum share capital  may  upon the request of an owner of shares of series C and a resolution by the company's board of directors or the general meeting  take place through redemption of shares of series C. A request from a shareholder shall be made in writing. When a resolution on reduction has been passed  an amount corresponding to the reduction amount shall be transferred to the company's reserve fund  if required funds are available. The redemption amount share of series C shall correspond to the quota value of such share.Following notice of the redemption resolution  holders of shares shall promptly receive payment for the shares  or  if authorization from the Swedish Companies Registration Office or a court is required  following notice that the final decision has been registered. 13 § Pre-emption rightShould a share of series A be transferred to a person who was not previously a holder of shares of series A in the company  such share of series A are to be offered immediately to all other owners of shares of series A for redemption through written notice to the company's board of directors. However  such an obligation does not apply where the share of series A has been transferred to a legal entity in which the holder of the share of series A has a majority of votes and capital  or to a foundation.When the share has been offered for redemption as stipulated above  the board of directors or the managing director shall immediately notify the holders of shares of series A  with a request for the shareholder who wish to exercise its redemption right  to notify the board of directors in writing within 14 days from the notification to the board of directors regarding the share transfer. If notification is made by several shareholders  the shares of series A shall be allocated amongst them in proportion to their shareholdings at the time of the redemption.The redemption amount is to be equal to the share price of the listed shares of series B (the last price or  in the absence of such  the bid price) on the day of notification to the board of directors regarding the share transfer. The redemption amount is to paid within one month calculated from the date of the share transfer. If no party with pre-emption rights issues a purchase claim  or if redemption is not paid for within the prescribed period of time  the share offered for pre-emption shall be automatically converted into a share of series B  after which the party who has offered the share for redemption shall be entitled to be registered as the owner of the shares.The pre-emption right does not apply to shares of series B. 13 § (Article removed)The board of directors' proposal on a share issue authorization (item 19)The board proposes that the annual general meeting resolves to authorize to the board  up and until the next annual general meeting  on one or several occasions and with or without pre-emptive rights for shareholders  to resolve on the issue of new shares of series B  comprising a total of not more than 20 per cent of the total number of outstanding shares in the company after the utilization of the authorization. It shall also be possible to make such an issue resolution stipulating in-kind payment  the right to offset debt or other conditions referred to in Chapter 13 Section 5 first paragraph item 6 in the Swedish Companies Act.The purpose of the authorization is to provide flexibility to the board in its work to ensure that the company can appropriately raise capital for the financing of the business. Issuances of new shares under the authorization shall be made on market terms.All references to shares of series B in the proposal above shall be read as references to ordinary shares in the event that the annual general meeting resolves to adopt new articles of association in accordance with item 18.The board of directors' proposal regarding a long-term incentive program in the form of a share matching program (LTIP 2023) (item 20)The board of directors proposes that the annual general meeting resolves to adopt a long-term incentive program in the form of a share matching program for key employees within the Medivir group in accordance with item 20(a) below. The resolution in accordance with item 20(a) shall be conditional upon i) the annual general meeting resolving to adopt the hedging arrangements with respect to the incentive program in accordance with the board of directors' proposal under item 20(b) below and ii) the annual general meeting resolving to adopt new articles of association in accordance with the board of directors' proposal under item 18. All references to shares of series B in the proposal below shall be read as references to ordinary shares if the annual general meeting resolves to adopt new articles of association in accordance with item 18.Adoption of the incentive program (item 20(a))Summary of the programThe board of directors proposes that the annual general meeting resolves to adopt a long-term incentive program in the form of a share matching program (the ""LTIP 2023""). LTIP 2023 is proposed to include not more than 11 key employees within the Medivir group. The participants in LTIP 2023 are required to invest in the group by acquiring shares in Medivir AB (publ) with the purpose of being allocated to LTIP 2023 (""Investment Shares""). For each Investment Share  the participant has the right to  provided certain conditions are fulfilled  receive one (1) share of series B under LTIP 2023 free of charge (""Matching Shares"") and  provided certain performance conditions are fulfilled  a maximum of five (5) additional shares of series B free of charge (""Performance Shares"") in accordance with the terms set out below.Personal investmentIn order to participate in LTIP 2023  the participant must have made a private investment by acquiring Investment Shares. The Investment Shares shall have been acquired at market price with the purpose of being allocated to LTIP 2023. The maximum number of Investment Shares that each participant can allocate to LTIP 2023 is further described below and corresponds to an amount of approximately 5–10 per cent of each participant's annual base salary. For each Investment Share held under LTIP 2023  the company will grant participants one (1) right to one (1) Matching Share  meaning the right to receive one Matching Share free of charge (""Matching Rights"") and in addition  provided that certain performance conditions are fulfilled  a maximum of five (5) additional rights to five (5) Performance Shares free of charge (""Performance Rights"") in accordance with the terms set out below (Matching Rights and Performance Rights are together referred to as ""Rights"").Terms and conditionsThe Matching Rights may be exercised provided that the participant  with certain exceptions  as of the start of LTIP 2023 for the participant and up until and including the date of release of the interim report for the period January – March 2026 (the ""Vesting Period"") has kept its own original Investment Shares and that the participant  with certain exceptions  maintains its employment within the Medivir group. LTIP 2023 shall start as soon as practicable after the annual general meeting 2023. The last day for allotment of the Rights shall be 31 December 2023. Newly employed key employees in Medivir may be invited to participate in LTIP 2023 up until 31 December 2023  and shall then make their first investment in Investment Shares within the first two weeks after the first day of employment. The Matching Shares are received after the end of the Vesting Period.The Performance Rights may be exercised provided that  in addition to the requirement for the participant's maintained employment and a retained Investment Share investment in accordance with the above  certain performance conditions are fulfilled. A participant's Performance Rights entitle to a maximum number of Performance Shares of five (5) per Investment Share if the total shareholder return (shareholder return in the form of an increase of the price of the company's share and reinvestment of potential dividends during the term of LTIP 2023) (""TSR"")1 on Medivir's share during the period from March 2023 to March 2026 (the ""Performance Period"") amounts to or exceeds 100 per cent (corresponding to approximately 33.33 per cent per year). For allotment under the performance conditions  the TSR on the company's shares of series B must amount to or exceed 50 per cent (corresponding to approximately 16.67 per cent per year) during the Performance Period  which would entitle the participant to one (1) Performance Share per Investment Share. In between the percentages  allotment will be made linearly. Performance Shares are received after the end of the Vesting Period.The RightsThe Rights shall  in addition to what is set out above  be governed by the following terms and conditions:The Rights are granted free of charge as soon as practicable after the start of LTIP 2023 provided that the participant has made a private investment by acquiring Investment Shares. The last day for allotment of the Rights shall be 31 December 2023 . Rights that fall due according to the terms must be returned and can be granted again up until 31 December 2023.. Rights that fall due according to the terms must be returned and can be granted again up until 31 December 2023. The Matching Rights and the Performance Rights vest during the Vesting Period. The performance conditions of the Performance Rights are assessed during the Performance Period.The Rights may not be transferred or pledged.Each Matching Right entitles the participant to receive one (1) Matching Share free of charge after the end of the Vesting Period (with certain exceptions where the timing of the receival may be accelerated) if the participant  with certain exceptions  maintains its employment within the Medivir group and the invested Investment Shares until the time of the release of the interim report for the period January – March 2026 . Each Performance Right entitles the participant to receive one (1) Matching Share free of charge after the end of the Vesting Period (with certain exceptions where the Vesting Period may be accelerated) if the performance conditions set out above are fulfilled and provided that the participant maintains its employment within the Medivir group and the invested Investment Shares during the Vesting Period.. Each Performance Right entitles the participant to receive one (1) Matching Share free of charge after the end of the Vesting Period (with certain exceptions where the Vesting Period may be accelerated) if the performance conditions set out above are fulfilled and provided that the participant maintains its employment within the Medivir group and the invested Investment Shares during the Vesting Period. In order to align the participants' and the shareholders' interests  the company will compensate the participants for any dividends paid by increasing the number of Matching Shares and Performance Shares that the Rights entitle to at the end of the Vesting Period.The maximum value per Matching Right and Performance Right  respectively  is limited to SEK 80 (corresponding to ten (10) times the closing price of the company's shares of series B on 22 March 2022 ). In the event that the value of such Right exceeds such limit  the number of Matching Shares and Performance Shares will be decreased on a pro rata basis.Preparation and administrationThe board of directors shall be responsible for preparing the detailed terms and conditions of LTIP 2023  in accordance with the above terms and conditions  including provisions on recalculation in the event of a bonus issue  split  rights issue and/or other similar events.In connection with the preparation of the detailed terms and conditions of LTIP 2023  the board of directors shall also be entitled to make adjustments to meet foreign regulations or market conditions. In addition  the board of directors is granted the right to terminate or adjust the program in case of a takeover bid or a similar event. The board of directors shall also have the right to make other adjustments if significant changes in the Medivir group or its environment would result in a situation where the adopted terms and conditions of LTIP 2023 no longer serve their purpose.Allocation.The participants are divided into different categories and  in accordance with the above  the following number of Investment Shares may be allocated by the participants to LTIP 2023 and the following number of Rights may be allocated to the particpants in the different categories:Category Maximum number of Investment Shares per person in the category Maximum number of Rights per person in the category Maximum number of Rights Matching Rights Performance Rights Matching Rights Performance Rights A. CEO (not more than 1 person) 28 500 28 500 142 500 28 500 142 500 B. Other members of executive management (not more than 4 persons) 17 000 17 000 85 000 68 000 340 000 C. Other employees (not more than6 persons) 6 500 6 500 32 500 39 000 195 000In total  not more than 813 000 Rights may be allotted under LTIP 2023. Participants in category A and B may acquire Investment Shares to an amount corresponding to approximately 10 per cent of the participant's annual base salary. Participants in category C may acquire Investment Shares to an amount corresponding to approximately 5–10 per cent of the participant's annual base salary.In case not all participants invest their full part of Investment Shares by the end of the notification period  the other participants are entitled to invest in additional a maximum of 50 per cent Investment Shares in accordance with the instructions of the board of directors  which shall entitle to the corresponding Rights. There will be no guaranteed allocation in connection with an investment in additional Investment Shares. In case of over notification by the above persons covered by the allotment principles  the allotment shall be made as follows. First  allocation shall be made pro rata in relation to the number of additional invested Investment Shares. Secondarily  allocation shall be made through the drawing of lots executed by the board of directors.Delivery of shares under LTIP 2023To ensure delivery of shares under LTIP 2023  the board of directors proposes that the annual general meeting resolves to authorize the board of directors to resolve on issue of shares of series C and on repurchase of shares of series C and resolves on transfer of own shares of series B in accordance with item (b) below.Scope and costs of LTIP 2023LTIP 2023 will be accounted for in accordance with IFRS 2 which stipulates that the Rights should be recorded as non-cash personnel expenses during the period of LTIP 2023. The costs for LTIP 2023 is estimated to amount to approximately SEK 2.3 million  excluding social security costs  calculated in accordance with IFRS 2 based on the following assumptions: (i) that 135 000 Matching Rights and 677 500 Performance Shares are allotted  (ii) that the price of the company's share immediately before the start of LTIP 2023 amounts to SEK 8.00 per share (closing price on 22 March 2023)  (iii) an estimated annual turnover of personnel of 10 per cent and (iv) that the TSR during the Performance Period amounts to 75 per cent.The costs for social security charges are estimated to approximately SEK 1.7 million  based on the above assumptions and a social security tax rate of 31.42 per cent. Together with the IFRS 2 cost  this will result in estimated costs of SEK 4.0 million. In addition to what is set forth above  the costs for LTIP 2023 have been based on that LTIP 2023 comprises not more than 11 participants and that each participant exercises its maximum investment.Effects on key ratios and dilutionUpon maximum allotment of 135 500 Matching Shares  677 500 Performance Shares and provided that the hedging arrangements in accordance with item 20(b) below are adopted by the annual general meeting  835 000 shares of series B will be allotted to participants under LTIP 2023  including a buffer of 22 000 shares of series B for dividend compensations  meaning a dilution of approximately 1.50 per cent of the number of shares and votes in the company. In addition  LTIP 2023 comprises allotment of 135 500 Investment Shares to the participants at the volume weighted average share price during the five trading days immediately prior to the offer to each participant to acquire the Investment Shares  meaning a dilution of approximately 0.24 per cent of the number of shares and votes in the company. This is conditional upon the annual general meeting resolving to adopt the proposed hedging arrangements in accordance with item 20(b) below.Taking into account shares that may be issued in accordance with previously implemented incentive programs in the form of warrant programs in the company and in accordance with the share matching program proposed to the annual general meeting with respect to the maximum number of Matching Shares and Performance Shares  the maximal dilution effect is approximately 4.35 per cent.The costs are expected to have a limited effect on the company's key ratios.The rationale for the proposalThe rationale for LTIP 2023 is to create conditions for motivating and retaining competent employees of the Medivir group as well as for the alignment of the targets of the participants with those of the company  as well as to increase the motivation of meeting and exceeding the company's financial targets. LTIP 2023 has been designed based on the view that it is desirable that key employees within the Medivir group are shareholders in the company. Participation in LTIP 2023 requires a personal investment in Investment Shares.By offering an allotment of Rights which  inter alia  are based on performance conditions  the participants are rewarded for increased shareholder value. Further  LTIP 2023 rewards employees' continued loyalty and thereby the long-term value growth in the company. Against this background  the board of directors is of the opinion that the adoption of LTIP 2023 will have a positive effect on the Medivir group's future development and thus be beneficial for both the company and its shareholders.Preparation of the matterThe principles of LTIP 2023 have been prepared by the board of directors of the company. The board of directors has thereafter resolved to submit this proposal to the annual general meeting. Except for the officials who prepared the matter pursuant to instructions from the board of directors  no employee that may be included in the program has taken part in the drafting thereof.Other share related incentive programs etc.Except from the current proposal to adopt a share matching program and the previous warrant programs resolved upon at the annual general meetings 2020  2021 and 2022  the company has no outstanding share related incentive programs. It is the board of directors's intention that the program shall recur annually  albeit in varying sizes.Proposal regarding authorization for the board of directors to resolve on a directed share issue of shares of series C and to repurchase issued shares of series C as well as resolution on transfer of own shares of series B to participants in LTIP 2023 and in the market (item 20 (b))The resolutions under items 20 (b)(i) - (iii) are proposed to be conditional upon i) that the annual general meeting resolves in accordance with the board of directors' proposal in accordance with item 18 regarding the adoption of new articles of association  and ii) upon each other. It is therefore proposed that the resolutions under items 20 (b)(i) - (iii) are adopted jointly.Authorization for the board of directors to resolve on issue of shares of series C (item 20 (b)(i))The board of directors proposes that the annual general meeting resolves to authorize the board of directors  during the period until the next annual general meeting  at one or several occasions  to increase the company's share capital by not more than SEK 485 250 by the issue of not more than 970 500 shares of series C  each with a quota value of SEK 0.50. With deviation from the shareholders' pre-emptive rights  a participating third party shall be entitled to subscribe for the new shares of series C at a subscription price corresponding to the quota value of the shares. The purpose of the authorization and the reason for the deviation from the shareholders' pre-emptive rights in connection with the issue of shares is to enable for participants in LTIP 2023 to acquire Investment Shares  ensure delivery of shares under LTIP 2023 as well as to cover any social costs and dividend compensations due to LTIP 2023.Authorization for the board of directors to resolve to repurchase own shares of series C (item 20 (b)(ii))The board of directors proposes that the annual general meeting resolves to authorize the board of directors  during the period until the next annual general meeting  at one or several occasions  to repurchase shares of series C. The repurchase may only be effected through a public offer directed to all holders of shares of series C and shall comprise all outstanding shares of series C. The purchase may be effected at a purchase price corresponding to the quota value of the share. Payment for the shares of series C shall be made in cash. The purpose of the proposed repurchase authorization is to enable for participants in LTIP 2023 to acquire Investment Shares  ensure delivery of shares under LTIP 2023 as well as to cover any social costs due to LTIP 2023.Resolution on the transfer of own shares of series B (item 20 (b)(iii))The board of directors proposes that the annual general meeting resolves that 835 000 shares of series C that the company purchases by virtue of the authorization to repurchase shares of series C in accordance with item 20 (b)(ii) above  following reclassification into shares of series B  may be transferred free of charge to participants in LTIP 2023 in accordance with resolved conditions and transferred to cover any social costs due to LTIP 2023.The board of directors thus proposes that the annual general meeting resolves that a maximum of 981 913 shares of series B held by the company  including such shares of series B that the company holds after previously completed repurchases  may be transferred to participants in accordance with the terms of LTIP 2023  and that it may be transferred on Nasdaq Stockholm  including through a financial intermediary  at a price within the price range registered at the time  to cover any social security contributions in accordance with the terms of LTIP 2023. The number of shares that can be transferred is subject to recalculation as a result of an in-between bonus issue  share split  share split  rights issue and/or similar events.The board of directors proposes that the annual general meeting resolves that 135 000 of the shares of series C that the company purchases by virtue of the authorization to repurchase shares of series C in accordance with item 20 (b)(ii) above  following reclassification into shares of series B  may be transferred to employees in Medivir to enable for acquisitions of Investment Shares for participation in LTIP 2023. The board of directors therefore proposes that a maximum of 135 500 shares of series B may be transferred to employees of Medivir. The transfer price shall amount to the volume weighted average share price during the five trading days immediately prior to the date of the offer to each participant to acquire Investment Shares.Majority requirementsA decision according to the proposal pursuant to item 18 and 19 above is valid only when supported by shareholders holding not less than two-thirds (2/3) of both the votes cast and of the shares represented at the annual general meeting. A decision according to the proposal pursuant to item 20 above is valid only when supported by shareholders holding not less than nine-tenths (9/10) of both the votes cast and of the shares represented at the annual general meeting.DocumentationThe annual report  the remuneration report and other supporting documentation for resolutions will be available at the company's offices  Medivir AB  Lunastigen 5  SE-141 22 Huddinge  Sweden no later than three weeks prior to the meeting. In addition  the motivated statement from the nomination committee will be available at the company's address stated above no later than four weeks prior to the annual general meeting. The above documents will be sent to all shareholders who so request and provide their postal address and will also be available on the company's website www.medivir.com. This notice is a translation of a Swedish notice and in case of any deviations between the both language versions  the Swedish version shall prevail.Processing of personal dataFor information about the processing of your personal data  see the integrity policy that is available at Euroclear Sweden AB's website www.euroclear.com/dam/ESwithLegal/Privacy-notice-bolagsstammor-engelska.pdf. Medivir's AB (publ) corporate registration number is 556238-4361 and its registered office is in Huddinge  Sweden.Huddinge  March 2023Medivir AB (publ)The Board of Directors1 TSR is calculated by comparing the weighted average price of the shares during March 2023 with the weighted average price of the shares during March 2026  including reinvested dividend.About MedivirMedivir develops innovative drugs with a focus on cancer where the unmet medical needs are high. The drug candidates are directed toward indication areas where available therapies are limited or missing and there are great opportunities to offer significant improvements to patients. Medivir is focusing on the development of fostroxacitabine bralpamide (fostrox)  a pro-drug designed to selectively treat liver cancer cells and to minimize side effects. Collaborations and partnerships are important parts of Medivir's business model  and the drug development is conducted either by Medivir or in partnership. Birinapant  a SMAC mimetic  is exclusively outlicensed to IGM Biosciences (Nasdaq: IGMS) to be developed in combination with IGM-antibodies for the treatment of solid tumors. Medivir's share (ticker: MVIR) is listed on Nasdaq Stockholm's Small Cap list. www.medivir.com.For additional information  please contactMagnus Christensen  CFO  Medivir ABTelephone: +46 8 5468 3100E-mail: [email protected]The following files are available for download:https://mb.cision.com/Main/652/3744594/1958175.pdf Press release (PDF)SOURCE Medivir",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.3,0.28,0.43,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'Medivir AB', 'Notice', 'Västra Trädgårdsgatan', 'annual general meeting', 'Euroclear Sweden AB', 'personal/corporate identity number', 'voting right regist', 'advance voting form', 'Medivir AB', 'postal voting', 'Tändstickspalatset', 'share register', 'legal entity', 'BankID verification', 'special form', 'special instructions', 'Further instructions', 'advance vote', 'different representatives', 'Proxy forms', 'Such registration', 'Nominee-registered shares', 'telephone number', 'equivalent certificate', 'dated proxy', 'March', 'shareholders', 'publ', 'office', 'Huddinge', 'Stockholm', 'Thursday', 'May', '14.00 CEST', 'venue', 'notice', 'participation', 'circumstances', '25 April', '27 April', 'Box', 'company', 'webpage', 'name', 'address', 'daytime', 'information', 'assistants', 'authority', 'intention', 'accordance', 'notification', 'mail', 'votes', 'vpc', 'EuroclearProxy', 'conditions', 'entirety', 'extent', 'questions', 'Monday', 'addition', '46', '8']",2023-03-31,2023-04-01,prnewswire.com
21912,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/oxe-marine-ab-publ-convening-notice-for-annual-general-meeting-301787238.html,OXE MARINE AB (PUBL) CONVENING NOTICE FOR ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING,"ÄNGELHOLM  Sweden  March 31  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- The shareholders in OXE Marine AB (publ) org.nr 556889-7226 (""Bolaget"")  are convened to the Annual General Meeting of shareholders to be held on May 2  2023 at 14:00 at på Hotell Erikslund  Åstorpsvägen 15  2…","ÄNGELHOLM  Sweden  March 31  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- The shareholders in OXE Marine AB (publ) org.nr 556889-7226 (""Bolaget"")  are convened to the Annual General Meeting of shareholders to be held on May 2  2023 at 14:00 at på Hotell Erikslund  Åstorpsvägen 15  262 96 Ängelholm. Registration to the Annual General Meeting will commence at 13.00.Right to attend and noticeShareholders who want to participate at the annual general meeting must:be recorded as a shareholder in the share register prepared by Euroclear Sweden AB (""Euroclear"") relating to the circumstances on April 21 . 2023; and. 2023; and notify their intention to attend the annual general meeting no later than April 25 . 2023.Notification to attend is made by e-mail to the Company's e-mail address [email protected] or by postal service to OXE Marine AB (publ) att. Paul Frick  Metallgatan 6  262 72 Ängelholm. In its notification to attend  the shareholder is requested to provide the shareholder's name  personal or corporate ID number  shareholding  address  daytime telephone number and  where applicable  the number of any assistants (up to two) which the shareholder intends to bring to the AGM.Nominee-registered sharesShareholders whose shares are registered in the name of a nominee must  in addition to notify their intention to attend the annual general meeting  re-register their shares in their own name so that the shareholder is recorded in the share register on April 21. 2023. Such registration may be temporary (so-called voting right registration) and is requested from the nominee in accordance with the nominee's procedures and in such time in advance as the nominee determines. Voting right registrations duly effected by the nominee no later than April 25. 2022 will be regarded in the preparation of the share register.ProxyShareholders who wish to be represented by a proxy must submit a dated proxy form. If the proxy is executed by a legal person  a copy of the certificate of registration or equivalent authorization document must be enclosed. The proxy form may not be valid for a period longer than five years from its issuance. The proxy form in original together with certificate of registration  if applicable  shall be enclosed to the postal voting form. The Company provides a form of proxy at request and it is also available at the Company's website  www.oxemarine.com.Proposed agendaOpening of the general meeting and election of chairman of the general meeting Preparation and approval of the voting list Election of one or two persons to verify the minutes of the meeting Determination of whether the meeting has been duly convened Approval of the agenda Submission of the annual report and the auditor's report Resolutions regarding the adoption of the income statement and the balance sheet; allocation of the Company's result according to the adopted balance sheet; and the discharge from liability for each of the members of the board of directors and the managing director Determination of remuneration to the board of directors and the auditor Election of board of directors Election of auditor Resolution on principles for appointment of nomination committee Resolution on authorization for the board of directors to issue new shares  warrants and/or convertibles Close of the general meetingThe Nomination Committee's proposalsAt the annual general meeting 2022  it was resolved to adopt principles for the appointment of a nomination committee for the annual general meeting of 2023.In accordance with the adopted principles  the nomination committee consists of Jonas Wikström (Chairman)  Martin Polo  (chairman)  Per Lindberg  and Christian von Koenigsegg.The proposals of the nomination committee are as follows:Item 1. Election of chairman of the general meetingThe nomination committee proposes Jonas Wikström is elected as chairman of the general meeting.Item 3. Election of one or several persons to verify the minutes of the meetingThe nomination committee proposes that two persons are elected to verify the minutes at the general meeting.Item 8. Determination of remuneration to the board of directors and the auditorThe nomination committee proposes that the remuneration to the board shall be paid as follows:SEK 340 000 to the chairman of the board (SEK 340 000) ; andto the chairman of the board ; and SEK 170 000 to each of the other board members (SEK 170 000) .If the general meeting resolves in accordance with the nomination committee's proposal under item 9  the total remuneration to the board is assumed to be SEK 510 000 (SEK 1 190 000 - 2022). It is noted that proposed directors Christian Von Koenigsegg and Martin Polo have announced that they will decline their respective renumerations.It is proposed that the remuneration to the auditor is paid according to approved invoice.Item 9. Election of board of directorsAccording to the Company's articles of association  the board of directors shall consist of no less than three and no more than ten ordinary members and no more than five deputy members. The nomination committee proposes that  until the next annual general meeting  the board shall consist of six ordinary members and no deputy members.It is proposed that Jonas Wikström  Martin Polo  Jon Lind and Christian von Koenigsegg are re-elected as a ordinary members of the board.The nomination committee proposes that Jonas Wikström is elected as chairman of the board.Item 10. Election of auditorThe nomination committee proposes re-election of BDO Mälardalen AB as auditor until the close of the next annual general meeting. BDO Mälardalen AB has announced that that certified accountant Carl-Johan Kjellman will serve as responsible auditor.Item 11. Resolution on principles for appointment of nomination committeeThe nomination committee proposes that the Annual General Meeting resolves to approve the following instructions on appointment of a nomination committee for the annual general meeting 2024.- The nomination committee shall be convened by the chairman of the board and shall consist of representatives of the four largest shareholders.- The representative of the largest shareholder shall be the chairman of the nomination committee. If the representative of the largest shareholder declines the assignment as chairman of the nomination committee  the nomination committee shall within itself ap-point a chairman.- The names of the members of the nomination committee as well as the shareholders they represent shall be announced as soon as they have been appointed.- If a shareholder  who is represented in the nomination committee  after the announcement no longer is one of the four largest shareholders  its representative shall resign from its position and such shareholder that by this time is instead one of the four largest shareholders shall be invited to nominate a representative on the Company's nomination committee.- Shareholders who have appointed representatives in the nomination committee are entitled to remove such representatives and appoint new representatives.- If a shareholder  who is entitled to appoint a member of the nomination committee  de-clines to appoint a member  this right shall not be transferred to another shareholder.- The nomination committee shall prepare proposals on the following issues for resolution at the annual general meeting 2024:Chairman at the meeting;Board remuneration;Election of board members and chairman of the board;Election of auditor and remuneration to the auditor; andPrinciples for appointment of nomination committee for the annual general meeting 2025.No remuneration will be paid to the nomination committee. However  the Company shall reimburse reasonable costs to enable the nomination committee to carry out its assignments.The Board of Directors' proposalsItem 7.b. Allocation of the Company's result according to the adopted balance sheetThe Board proposes that no dividend is distributed to the shareholders for the financial year 2022.Item 13. Authorization for the board of directors to issue new shares  warrants and/or convertiblesThe board of directors proposes that the general meeting resolves to authorize the board to  at one or several occasions during the time up until the next annual general meeting  resolve on new issues of shares  warrants and/or convertibles. The board shall have the right to resolve on new issues of shares  warrants and/or convertibles with deviation from the shareholders' pre-emption rights and/or with provisions on payment in kind  by set-off of claims or otherwise on such terms and conditions as referred to in Chapter 2  Section 5  second paragraph  points 1–3 and 5  of the Swedish Companies Act.The total increase of shares that may be issued based on or as a result of this authorization cannot in aggregate exceed 20 percent of the number of outstanding shares in the Company at the time of the annual general meeting. Issues based on the authorization shall be made at market value  including market rate discount  if applicable. The board shall have the right to set the terms and conditions for issues under this authorization as well as to decide who shall have the right to subscribe for the new shares  warrants or convertibles. The reasons for the board to resolve on issues with deviation from the shareholders' pre-emption rights and/or with provisions on payment in kind  by set-off of claims or otherwise on such terms and conditions as referred to in Chapter 2  Section 5  second paragraph  points 1–3 and 5  of the Swedish Companies Act are to be able to carry out directed share issues to raise capital to the Company and/or to strengthen the Company's financial position.The CEO  or a person appointed by the board of directors  shall be entitled to make any minor amendments that may be required in connection with registering the resolution with the Swedish Companies Registration Office and/or Euroclear.A resolution in accordance with this proposal requires approval by at least two thirds (2/3) of the votes cast as well as the shares represented at the annual general meeting.DocumentationThe complete proposals of the board of directors and the nomination committee together with the annual report and the auditor's report  as well as other documents according to the Swedish Companies Act  will be available at the Company's premises with address Metallgatan 6  262 72 Ängelholm and on the Company's website in due time prior to the annual general meeting. The documents will also be sent without charge to shareholders who so request and inform the Company of their postal address. Such documentation will also be available at the Annual General Meeting.Information to shareholdersUpon the request of a shareholder  and where the board of directors believes that so may take place without significant harm to the Company  the board of directors and the CEO shall provide information in respect of any circumstances which may affect the assessment of a matter on the agenda  and any circumstances which may affect the assessment of the Company's financial position.A request for such information shall be sent by e-mail to [email protected] or by post to OXE Marine AB (publ) att. Paul Frick  Metallgatan 6  262 72 Ängelholm  no later than April 22  2023.The information will be held available at the Company's premises and on the Company's website no later than April 25. 2023  and will also be sent  within the same period of time  to a shareholder who has so requested and in connection therewith provided its postal address.Processing of personal dataFor information on the Company's processing of personal data in connection with the annual general meeting  please refer to https://www.euroclear.com/dam/ESwithLegal/Privacy-notice-bolagsstammor-engelska.pdfHelsingborg in March 2023OXE Marine AB (publ)The board of directorsCONTACT:For further information  please contact:Anders Berg  CEO  OXE Marine AB  [email protected]  +46 70 358 91 55Jonas Wikström  Chair of the board  [email protected]  +46 70 753 65 66OXE Marine AB (publ) (NASDAQ STO: OXE  OTCQX: CMMCF) has  after several years of development  constructed the OXE Diesel  the world's first diesel outboard engine in the high-power segment. The Company's unique patented engine-to-propulsion power transmission solutions have led to high demand for the Company's engines worldwideThe following files are available for download:SOURCE OXE Marine AB",neutral,0.03,0.97,0.0,positive,0.82,0.16,0.02,True,English,"['OXE MARINE AB', 'ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING', 'CONVENING NOTICE', 'PUBL', 'OXE Marine AB', 'på Hotell Erikslund', 'Jonas Wikström', 'Christian von Koenigsegg', 'ten ordinary members', 'corporate ID number', 'daytime telephone number', 'Euroclear Sweden AB', 'equivalent authorization document', 'five deputy members', 'Annual General Meeting', 'postal voting form', 'nomination committee Resolution', 'other board members', 'The Nomination Committee', 'voting right registration', 'annual report', 'voting list', 'postal service', 'five years', 'Åstorpsvägen', 'share register', 'Paul Frick', 'right registrations', 'legal person', 'two persons', 'report Resolutions', 'income statement', 'balance sheet', 'managing director', 'Martin Polo', 'Per Lindberg', 'several persons', 'respective renumerations', 'auditor Resolution', 'Nominee-registered shares', 'agenda Submission', 'new shares', 'proxy form', 'total remuneration', 'mail address', 'auditor Election', 'ÄNGELHOLM', 'shareholders', 'Bolaget', 'May', 'circumstances', 'April', 'intention', 'Notification', 'Company', 'Metallgatan', 'name', 'personal', 'shareholding', 'assistants', 'AGM', 'addition', 'accordance', 'procedures', 'advance', 'preparation', 'copy', 'certificate', 'period', 'issuance', 'original', 'request', 'website', 'oxemarine', 'Opening', 'chairman', 'approval', 'minutes', 'Determination', 'adoption', 'allocation', 'result', 'discharge', 'liability', 'directors', 'principles', 'appointment', 'warrants', 'convertibles', 'proposals', 'Item', 'SEK', 'invoice', 'articles', 'association', 'less', 'three', '1']",2023-03-31,2023-04-01,prnewswire.com
21913,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/notice-of-annual-general-meeting-in-securitas-ab-301786950.html,Notice of Annual General Meeting in Securitas AB,"STOCKHOLM  March 31  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- The shareholders of Securitas AB  Reg. No. 556302-7241  are hereby invited to participate in the Annual General Meeting (""AGM"") to be held at 14.00 CEST on Thursday May 4  2023  at Courtyard Marriott Hotel  Rålambshov…","STOCKHOLM  March 31  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- The shareholders of Securitas AB  Reg. No. 556302-7241  are hereby invited to participate in the Annual General Meeting (""AGM"") to be held at 14.00 CEST on Thursday May 4  2023  at Courtyard Marriott Hotel  Rålambshovsleden 50  Stockholm  Sweden. Registration for the AGM begins at 13.00 CEST  when coffee will be served. The CEO's speech will be posted on the company website after the AGM.Right to participationShareholders who wish to attend the AGM must:(i) be recorded in the share register maintained by Euroclear Sweden AB (""Euroclear"") on Tuesday April 25  2023; and(ii) give notice of their intention to participate no later than Thursday April 27  2023.Such notification may be made (i) via Securitas' website www.securitas.com/agm2023  (ii) by telephone +46 10 470 31 30  or (iii) by mail to Securitas AB (publ)  ""AGM"" c/o Euroclear Sweden AB  Box 191  SE-101 23 Stockholm.On giving notice of attendance  the shareholder shall state name  personal/corporate identity number or equivalent  address and telephone number. As confirmation of the notification  Securitas will send an entry card to be presented at registration for the AGM.Owners with nominee-registered shares must  in order to participate in the proceedings of the AGM  request their bank or broker to have their shares temporarily owner-registered with Euroclear. The share register for the AGM as of the record date Tuesday April 25  2023  will take into account owner-registrations completed no later than Thursday April 27  2023.ProxiesProxy holders and representatives of legal persons shall submit papers of authorization prior to the AGM. Proxy forms are available at the company's website www.securitas.com/agm2023 and will be sent to the shareholders who so request  indicating their mailing address.Proposed agenda1. Opening of the meeting2. Election of Chair of the meeting3. Preparation and approval of the voting list4. Approval of the agenda5. Election of one or two person(s) to approve the minutes6. Determination as to whether the AGM has been duly convened7. The President and CEO's report8. Presentation ofa. the Annual and Sustainability Report and the Auditor's Report and the Consolidated Financial Statements and the Group Auditor's Report b. the statement by the Auditor on the compliance with the guidelines for remuneration to senior management applicable since the last AGM  andc. the Board's proposal for appropriation of the company's profit and the Board's motivated statement thereon9. Resolutions regardinga. adoption of the Statement of Income and the Balance Sheet and the Consolidated Statement of Income and the Consolidated Balance Sheet b. appropriation of the company's profit according to the adopted Balance Sheet c. record date for dividend  andd. discharge of the Board and the President from liability for the financial year 202210. Approval of the Remuneration Report11. Determination of the number of Board members12. Determination of fees to (a) Board members and (b) auditors13. Election of Board members14. Election of Auditors15. Resolution regarding authorization of the Board to resolve on acquisition and transfer of the company's own shares16. Resolution regarding the implementation of a long-term incentive program  including hedging measures by way of a share swap agreement (LTI 2023/2025)17. Closing of the meetingThe Nomination Committee's proposalsItems 2  11-14 – Proposals for election of Chair of the meeting  determination of the number of Board members and fees to the Board members and the Auditors  and election of Board members and AuditorsThe Nomination Committee ahead of the AGM 2023 has consisted of Johan Hjertonsson (Investment AB Latour  Chair of the Nomination Committee)  Mikael Ekdahl (Melker Schörling AB)  Fredrik Åtting (EQT AB) and Henrik Didner (Didner & Gerge Fonder).The reasoned statement of the Nomination Committee  which presents and motivates the below proposals and also reports on the committee's activities  will be held available at the company website  www.securitas.com/agm2023.The Nomination Committee has proposed the following:Jan Svensson   Chair of the Board  shall be elected Chair of the AGM (item 2).  Chair of the Board  shall be elected Chair of the AGM (item 2). The number of Board members shall be nine  with no deputy members (item 11).Fees to the Board members for the period up to and including the AGM 2024 shall amount to SEK 10 689 000 in total (including fees for committee work). The proposed total fees are an increase of approximately 3.6 percent compared with the total fees for the previous year  adjusted for the increased number of Board members that is proposed. It is the Nomination Committee's expectation that part of the fee should be used to increase holdings of Securitas' shares among the Board members. The fees shall be distributed between the Board members as follows: the Chair of the Board shall receive SEK 2 640 000 and each of the other Board members shall receive SEK 870 000 (item 12).As consideration for the committee work  the Chair of the Audit Committee shall receive SEK 405 000  the Chair of the Remuneration Committee shall receive SEK 109 000  the members of the Audit Committee each SEK 260 000 and the members of the Remuneration Committee each SEK 55 000 (item 12).000 and the members of the Remuneration Committee each SEK 55 000 (item 12). The Auditor's fees are proposed to be paid as per agreement (item 12).Re-election of the Board members Jan Svensson   Ingrid Bonde   John Brandon   Fredrik Cappelen   Gunilla Fransson   Sofia Schörling Högberg  Harry Klagsbrun and Johan Menckel (item 13).          Sofia Schörling Högberg  and Johan Menckel (item 13). New election of Åsa Bergman as Board member. Åsa Bergman is President and CEO of Sweco AB and Board member of Svenska Cellulosa AB SCA and Swegon Group AB. She previously held various senior positions within the Sweco group (item 13).Jan Svensson shall be re-elected as Chair of the Board (item 13).shall be re-elected as Chair of the Board (item 13). In accordance with the Audit Committee's recommendation  re-election of the auditing firm Ernst & Young AB  for a period up to and including the AGM 2024. Ernst & Young AB has informed that Rickard Andersson will be auditor in charge (item 14).Information about the proposed Board members is available on the company website  www.securitas.com.The Board's proposalsItem 9 (b) and (c) – Proposal for dividend and record dateThe Board proposes that a dividend of SEK 3.45 per share is distributed to the shareholders in two payments of SEK 1.75 per share and SEK 1.70 per share  respectively. The record date for the first payment is proposed to be May 8  2023  and for the second payment November 20  2023. If the AGM so resolves  the first payment is expected to be distributed by Euroclear Sweden AB starting May 11  2023  and the second payment starting November 23  2023. The Board has presented a motivated statement pursuant to Chapter 18  Section 4 of the Swedish Companies Act.Item 16 – Proposal for resolution on authorization of the Board to resolve on acquisition and transfer of the company's own sharesThe Board proposes that the AGM authorizes the Board to resolve upon acquisition of the company's own shares of Series B according to the following terms: (i) acquisition of shares may take place on Nasdaq Stockholm  (ii) acquisition of shares may take place on one or several occasions during the time up to the AGM 2024  (iii) acquisition of shares may only be made so that the shares held by the company at any point in time does not exceed ten (10) percent of all shares in the company  (iv) acquisition of shares shall be made at a price which falls within the prevailing price interval registered at each point in time  meaning the interval between the highest purchase price and the lowest selling price  (v) payment for acquired shares shall be made in cash  and (vi) the Board should be authorized to decide upon any additional terms for the acquisition.Furthermore  the Board proposes that the AGM authorizes the Board to resolve upon transfer of the company's own shares of Series B according to the following terms: (i) transfer of shares may take place on Nasdaq Stockholm or in connection with acquisition of companies or businesses  on market terms  (ii) transfer of shares may take place on one or several occasions during the time up to the AGM 2024  (iii) the maximum number of shares to be transferred may not exceed the number of shares held by the company at the time of the Board's resolution  (iv) transfer of shares shall be made at a price which falls within the prevailing price interval registered at each point in time  meaning the interval between the highest purchase price and the lowest selling price  (v) payment for transferred shares may be made in other forms than cash  and (vi) the Board should be authorized to decide upon any additional terms for the transfer. The authorization includes the right to resolve on deviation of the preferential rights of shareholders.The purpose of the proposed authorizations is to (a) allow the Board to adjust the company's capital structure  to contribute to shareholder value  (b) be able to exploit attractive acquisition opportunities by fully or partly financing future acquisitions with the company's own shares  and (c) ensure the company's undertakings in respect of share-related or share-based incentive programs (other than delivery of shares to participants of incentive programs)  including covering social security costs. If the Board decides to adjust the company's capital structure in accordance with (a) above  the Board intends to propose that the company's share capital shall be decreased through share reduction of the repurchased shares.The Board has presented a motivated statement pursuant to Chapter 19  Section 22 of the Swedish Companies Act.A decision by the AGM on the proposal according to this item must be supported by shareholders representing at least two thirds of the votes cast as well as the shares present at the AGM in order for the proposal to be adopted.Item 17 – Proposal for a long-term incentive program  including hedging measures by way of a share swap agreement (LTI 2023/2025)Summary of the programThe Annual General Meetings 2019  2020  2021 and 2022 resolved on long-term incentive programs for the CEO  other members of Group management and certain other key employees within the Securitas Group (together the ""LTI Programs""). The Board proposes that the AGM resolves to implement a long-term incentive program (""LTI 2023/2025"")  with the main principles below.LTI 2023/2025 is proposed to include approximately 90 employees including the CEO  other members of Group management and certain other key employees within the Securitas Group. In order to participate in the LTI 2023/2025  the participants will have to invest in Series B shares in Securitas at market price or nominate Series B shares already held  as further set out below. For every Series B share purchased or nominated within the scope of LTI 2023/2025  the company will award so called performance awards free of charge in accordance with the terms stipulated below.A change compared to previous LTI Programs is that the performance condition for LTI 2023/2025 is based on Securitas' operating margin  instead of the parameter earnings per share. This is in line with the new financial targets presented by Securitas in 2022  where a new operating margin target replaced the previous target of an increase in earnings per share.The rationale for the proposalThe purpose of LTI 2023/2025 is to create a strong long-term incentive for top executives of the Group  strengthen the Group's ability to retain and recruit top executives  provide competitive remuneration  and to align the interests of the shareholders with the interests of the executives concerned by enabling the participants to become substantial shareholders in the company. Through a share-based incentive program  the employees' remuneration is tied to the company's future earnings and value growth. In light of the above  the Board believes that the implementation of LTI 2023/2025 will have a positive effect on the long-term value growth of the Group and consequently that LTI 2023/2025 is beneficial to both the shareholders and the company.Personally invested sharesIn order to participate in LTI 2023/2025  the participants will  with the exceptions stated below  during the period May 8  2023 – June 8  2023 (the ""Investment Period"") have to either (i) purchase Series B shares in Securitas in the market and nominate such shares to LTI 2023/2025  (ii) nominate Series B shares currently vesting in LTI 2020/2022  or (iii) nominate shares nominated in LTI 2020/2022[1] (""Personally Invested Shares"").The value of a participant's Personally Invested Shares shall be based on the market price for the company's Series B share and shall correspond to minimum 5 percent (all participants) and maximum 15 percent (the CEO)  12.5 percent (other members of Group management) or 10 percent (other participants)  respectively  of the participant's base salary.If the participant has access to inside information and therefore is prevented from purchasing or nominating Personally Invested Shares during the Investment Period  the Board shall be entitled to extend or postpone the Investment Period in individual cases  but no later than to the next AGM. The Board shall further  in individual cases  be entitled to accept nomination of shares acquired prior to the Investment Period  but not earlier than January 1  2023  and/or acquired through e.g. a pension insurance as Personally Invested Shares  where the participant  in the Board's opinion  has valid reasons for nominating such shares to LTI 2023/2025.Participants in LTI 2023/2025 and allocationLTI 2023/2025 is proposed to include approximately 90 senior executives and key employees within the Securitas Group  divided in three categories.Category 1For each Personally Invested Share by the CEO of the Group under LTI 2023/2025  the company will award five performance awards to the CEO.Category 2For each Personally Invested Share by another member of Group management (currently thirteen individuals) under LTI 2023/2025  the relevant individual will be awarded four performance awards.Category 3For each Personally Invested Share by another participant under LTI 2023/2025  the relevant individual will be awarded three performance awards.Performance conditionThe number of Series B shares that the performance awards will entitle the participant to receive depends on the development of Securitas' operating margin[2]  compared to minimum and maximum target levels as defined by the Board  during the measurement period January 1  2023 – December 31  2025.If the minimum level is not reached  the performance awards will entitle participants to receive zero Series B shares  whereas if the maximum level is reached  each performance award will entitle participants to receive one Series B share. If the outcome falls between the minimum level and the maximum level  participants' entitlement to Series B shares will be calculated linearly between zero and one Series B share per performance award. The Board intends to present the fulfilment of the performance-based condition in the Annual Report for the financial year 2025.Other conditionsIn addition to the above conditions  the following shall apply for the performance awards.The performance awards shall be awarded free of charge at the end of the Investment Period  subject to vesting.Each performance award entitles the holder to receive one Series B share free of charge (subject to the performance condition set out above) three years after allotment of the award (the ""Vesting Period"")  provided that the holder  with some exceptions  is still employed by the Securitas Group as per December 31  2025   and has maintained the full amount of Personally Invested Shares purchased or nominated under LTI 2023/2025 during the entire Vesting Period.  and has maintained the full amount of Personally Invested Shares purchased or nominated under LTI 2023/2025 during the entire Vesting Period. To make the participants' interest equal with the shareholders'  the company will compensate the participants for distributed dividend during the Vesting Period by increasing the number of Series B shares that each performance award may entitle the participant to receive after the Vesting Period.The number of Series B shares that each performance award may entitle the participant to receive may be subject to recalculation due to share issues  splits  reverse splits and similar dispositions.The performance awards are non-transferable and may not be pledged.The performance awards can be awarded by the company or any other company within the Group.Preparation and administrationThe Board shall be responsible for preparing the detailed terms and conditions of LTI 2023/2025 in accordance with the mentioned terms and guidelines. To this end  the Board shall be entitled to make adjustments to meet foreign regulations or market conditions. The Board may also make other adjustments if significant changes in the Securitas Group  or its operating environment  would result in a situation where the decided terms and conditions for LTI 2023/2025 no longer are appropriate. Such adjustments include a right for the Board to resolve on a reduction of the number of Series B shares that the performance awards would entitle a participant to receive  if the number of Series B shares that a participant would be entitled to – considering Securitas' result and financial position  other circumstances regarding the Group's development and the conditions on the stock market – would be clearly unreasonable.Furthermore  in the event that the Board considers that the delivery of shares under LTI 2023/2025 cannot be achieved at reasonable cost  with reasonable administrative efforts or due to specific market conditions  participants may instead be offered a cash settlement.Participation in LTI 2023/2025 also presumes that such participation is lawful and that such participation in Securitas' opinion can take place with reasonable administrative costs and economic efforts. The Board shall be entitled to implement an alternative incentive solution for employees in such countries where participation in LTI 2023/2025 is not advisable  which alternative solution shall  as far as practically possible  correspond to the terms of the LTI 2023/2025.Scope and cost of the programLTI 2023/2025 may  if the share price for the company's Series B share remains the same during the program's term  result in a maximum amount corresponding to 75 percent (CEO)  50 percent (other members of Group management) or 30 percent (other participants)  respectively  of the participants annual base salary (excluding social security costs). Such outcome is subject to the number of Personally Invested Shares being maximized  meaning that the value of the participant's Personally Invested Shares corresponds to 15 percent (the CEO)  12.5 percent (other members of Group management) or 10 percent (other participants)  respectively  of the participants annual base salary  that the participant maintains the full amount of Personally Invested Shares during the entire Vesting Period  and that the participant  with some exceptions  still is employed as per December 31  2025  and that the performance based condition has been fully achieved.The maximum number of Series B shares that a participant may nominate as Personally Invested Shares  and thus the total number of performance awards that may be allotted  shall be based on the market price for the company's Series B share. The total number of issued shares in the company amounts to 573 392 552 shares.Based on the assumption that the share price for the company's Series B share amounts to SEK 91  LTI 2023/2025 will  in accordance with the principles and assumptions set out above  comprise maximum 1 430 000 Series B shares in total  which corresponds to approximately 0.25 percent of the total number of issued shares in the company and 0.18 percent of the total number of votes in the company.The costs for LTI 2023/2025 should be expensed as personnel costs over the Vesting Period. Provided that the performance-based condition is fully achieved  the cost for LTI 2023/2025 before tax is  in accordance with the principles and assumptions set out above  estimated to approximately SEK 130 million  allocated over the Vesting Period. Estimated social security costs and financing costs are included in such amount.The Board proposes the AGM to resolve to authorize the Board to resolve on repurchase of shares in the company and to transfer such shares on a regulated market to cover social security costs and financing costs associated with LTI 2023/2025 (see separate item on the agenda).The costs for LTI 2023/2025 are expected to have marginal effect on key ratios of the Securitas Group.The Board deems that the positive effects on earnings that are expected to result from increased share ownership among senior management and key employees  which may be further increased through LTI 2023/2025  outweighs the costs related to LTI 2023/2025.All estimates are based on at each time applicable foreign exchange rates according to Reuters. Information on previous LTI Programs can be found in the Annual Report 2022  notes 9 and 12.Delivery of shares under LTI 2023/2025 and hedging measuresTo ensure the delivery of Series B shares under LTI 2023/2025  the company may enter into a share-swap agreement with a third party  whereby the third party in its own name shall acquire and transfer Series B shares in the company to employees participating in LTI 2023/2025. The cost for the swap is estimated at a maximum of SEK 600 000 assuming that the performance-based condition is fully achieved.Preparation of the proposal and voting majorityLTI 2023/2025 has been initiated by the Board and the Remuneration Committee of Securitas in consultation with major shareholders and has been structured in consultation with external advisers based on an evaluation of previous incentive schemes. LTI 2023/2025 has been prepared by the Remuneration Committee and reviewed at meetings of the Board. The resolution must be supported by shareholders representing more than half of the votes cast  or  in case of equal voting  supported by the Chair of the AGM.Other informationAvailable documentation etc.The Annual Report and the Auditor's Report  the remuneration report and all other supporting documentation for the AGM are available at the company and on the company website www.securitas.com/agm2023 no later than three weeks before the AGM.The Nomination Committee's complete proposals and motivated statement are available at the company and on the company website www.securitas.com/agm2023.In addition  copies of the documentation will be sent to the shareholders who so request  indicating their mailing address. The share register for the AGM will be available at the company's office  Lindhagensplan 70  112 43 Stockholm  Sweden.Shareholders' right to receive informationThe Board and the President and CEO shall  if a shareholder so requests and the Board considers that this can be done without significant harm to the company  give information on such circumstances that may affect the assessment of a matter on the agenda  circumstances that may affect the assessment of the financial situation of the company or its subsidiaries and the company's relationship with another Group company. Anyone who wishes to present a question in advance may do so to Securitas in the way stated on the company's website www.securitas.com/agm2023.Number of shares and votes in the companyAt the date of this notice  the total number of shares in the company amounts to 573 392 552  of which 26 938 371 are shares of Series A and 546 454 181 are shares of Series B. Each Series A share entitles the holder to ten votes and each Series B share entitles the holder to one vote. The total number of votes in the company amounts to 815 837 891. The company's holding of own shares  as of the date of this notice  is 475 000 shares of Series B.Processing of personal dataFor information on how your personal data is processed in connection with the AGM  see www.euroclear.com/dam/ESwithLegal/Privacy-notice-bolagsstammor-engelska.pdf.This notice is a translation of the Swedish notice and in case of any deviations between thelanguage versions  the Swedish version shall prevail.Stockholm in March 2023the Board of DirectorsSECURITAS AB (publ)Further information:Investors: Micaela Sjökvist  Vice President  Head of Investor Relations; +46 76 116 7443  [email protected][1] The nomination of such shares will not affect the condition of LTI 2020/2022 to maintain personally invested shares during the entire vesting period.[2] Operating margin is defined as operating income before amortization as a percentage of total sales.The following files are available for download:https://mb.cision.com/Main/1062/3744831/1958992.pdf Notice AGM 2023SOURCE Securitas",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,positive,0.86,0.13,0.02,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'Securitas AB', 'Notice', 'Melker Schörling AB', 'Courtyard Marriott Hotel', 'two person(s', 'long-term incentive program', 'Investment AB Latour', 'share swap agreement', 'Consolidated Financial Statements', 'personal/corporate identity number', 'Euroclear Sweden AB', 'The Nomination Committee', 'Consolidated Balance Sheet', 'other Board members', 'Annual General Meeting', 'EQT AB', 'financial year', 'share register', 'Securitas AB', 'committee work', 'The CEO', 'The President', 'deputy members', 'Rålambshovsleden', 'Tuesday April', 'state name', 'entry card', 'record date', 'Proxy holders', 'legal persons', 'Proxy forms', 'voting list', 'senior management', 'Johan Hjertonsson', 'Mikael Ekdahl', 'Fredrik Åtting', 'Gerge Fonder', 'Jan Svensson', 'previous year', 'Consolidated Statement', 'Thursday April', 'increased number', 'Such notification', 'mailing address', 'Henrik Didner', 'Sustainability Report', ""Securitas' website"", 'Group Auditor', 'nominee-registered shares', 'telephone number', 'company website', 'last AGM', 'total fees', 'Remuneration Report', 'AGM.', 'PRNewswire', 'shareholders', 'Reg.', 'May', 'Stockholm', 'Registration', '13.00 CEST', 'coffee', 'speech', 'Right', 'participation', 'notice', 'intention', 'Box', 'attendance', 'confirmation', 'Owners', 'order', 'proceedings', 'bank', 'broker', 'account', 'Proxies', 'representatives', 'papers', 'authorization', 'agenda', 'Opening', 'Election', 'Chair', 'Preparation', 'approval', 'minutes', 'Determination', 'Presentation', 'compliance', 'guidelines', 'proposal', 'appropriation', 'profit', 'Resolutions', 'adoption', 'Income', 'discharge', 'liability', 'auditors', 'acquisition', 'transfer', 'implementation', 'measures', 'way', 'Closing', 'Items', 'reports', 'activities', 'agm2023', 'period', 'SEK', '3.6 percent', 'expectation', 'holdings', '14.00', '8.']",2023-03-31,2023-04-01,prnewswire.com
21914,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/bank-of-america-corporation-announces-cme-term-sofr-as-benchmark-replacement-rate-for-certain-outstanding-usd-libor-securities-after-june-30-2023-301787421.html,Bank of America Corporation Announces CME Term SOFR as Benchmark Replacement Rate for Certain Outstanding USD LIBOR Securities After June 30  2023,"CHARLOTTE  N.C.  March 31  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- Bank of America Corporation (""BAC"") (NYSE: BAC)  BofA Finance LLC (""BofA Finance"") and certain other BAC-affiliated issuers have issued and outstanding certain floating or fixed-to-floating rate debt securities …","CHARLOTTE  N.C.  March 31  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- Bank of America Corporation (""BAC"") (NYSE: BAC)  BofA Finance LLC (""BofA Finance"") and certain other BAC-affiliated issuers have issued and outstanding certain floating or fixed-to-floating rate debt securities  preferred stock represented by depositary shares and trust preferred securities  listed in the Annexes to this press release  that are governed by New York or Delaware law  for which U.S. dollar LIBOR (""USD LIBOR"")  for one- or three-month tenors  serves as the benchmark rate used in connection with the calculation or determination of applicable interest  dividend or distribution payments (the ""USD LIBOR Securities""). On March 5  2021  the U.K.'s Financial Conduct Authority announced that after June 30  2023  USD LIBOR for such tenors (along with other remaining tenors of USD LIBOR) would cease publication or no longer be representative. In connection with the cessation of representative USD LIBOR  on March 15  2022  Congress enacted the Adjustable Interest Rate (LIBOR) Act (the ""LIBOR Act"")  and the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System (the ""Board"") has issued final rules thereunder (the ""LIBOR Rule"").BAC is issuing this press release to announce its expectation that  on the first London banking date after June 30  2023 (the ""LIBOR Replacement Date"")  the CME Term SOFR Reference Rate published for the one- or three-month tenor (that corresponds to the applicable USD LIBOR tenor)  as administered by CME Group Benchmark Administration  Ltd. (or any successor administrator thereof) (""CME Term SOFR"")  plus the applicable tenor spread adjustment described below (such rate being the ""Board-selected benchmark replacement"" under the LIBOR Rule) will be the reference rate for calculations or determinations of applicable interest  dividend or distribution payments for each of the USD LIBOR Securities listed in the Annexes to this press release. The replacement of USD LIBOR as the benchmark rate for each of the USD LIBOR Securities  with CME Term SOFR for the applicable corresponding tenor  plus the applicable tenor spread adjustment  will be effective for determinations under the terms of the USD LIBOR Securities that are made on and after the LIBOR Replacement Date  but will not affect any determinations made prior to the LIBOR Replacement Date.Non-Workable Contractual FallbacksThe USD LIBOR Securities listed in Annex 1 to this press release  contain fallback provisions that provide for (i) a poll or inquiries for quotes or information related to USD LIBOR or (ii) benchmark replacements based on USD LIBOR values (such as the most recently available USD LIBOR rate or USD LIBOR rate as determined by the calculation agent using discretion). Under the LIBOR Act and LIBOR Rule  on the LIBOR Replacement Date  by operation of law (i) these fallback provisions will be disregarded and deemed null and void and without any force or effect  and (ii) USD LIBOR will be replaced as the benchmark rate by CME Term SOFR for the tenor that corresponds to the applicable USD LIBOR tenor  plus the applicable tenor spread adjustment.Determining Person DiscretionThe USD LIBOR Securities listed in Annex 2 to this press release contain fallback provisions authorizing an investment bank of national or international standing  as applicable  to select the benchmark replacement rate for three-month USD LIBOR. Under the LIBOR Act and the LIBOR Rule  such investment bank is the person with the sole authority under the terms of these USD LIBOR Securities to determine a benchmark replacement for USD LIBOR (referred to in the LIBOR Act and LIBOR Rule as the ""determining person""). For each of these USD LIBOR Securities  BAC and BofA Finance  as issuers of such securities  have appointed BofA Securities  Inc. as the determining person  and it has selected three-month CME Term SOFR  plus the applicable tenor spread adjustment  as the benchmark replacement for three-month USD LIBOR on and after the LIBOR Replacement Date.ARRC Recommended Fallback ProvisionsThe USD LIBOR Securities listed in Annex 3 to this press release contain fallback provisions for three-month USD LIBOR substantially in the form recommended on April 25  2019 by the Alternative Reference Rates Committee (""ARRC"") convened by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York. For each of these USD LIBOR Securities  in accordance with these fallback provisions  it is expected that USD LIBOR will be replaced as the benchmark rate by CME Term SOFR for the applicable tenor  plus the applicable tenor spread adjustment  on and after the USD LIBOR Replacement Date  if BAC  as issuer  determines that a benchmark transition event and the related benchmark replacement date (as such terms are defined in such securities) have occurred and an interpolated rate (as such term is defined in such securities) cannot be determined. BAC  as issuer of these USD LIBOR Securities  expects these conditions to be satisfied on and after the LIBOR Replacement Date  such that three-month CME Term SOFR  plus the applicable tenor spread adjustment  will replace three-month USD LIBOR for each of these Annex 3 USD LIBOR Securities on and after the LIBOR Replacement Date in the same manner as described above for the Annex 1 and Annex 2 USD LIBOR Securities.Tenor Spread AdjustmentThe tenor spread adjustment for CME Term SOFR with respect to the following tenors of USD LIBOR  as set forth in the LIBOR Act and the LIBOR Rule  is:Tenor Tenor spread adjustment One Month 0.11448 % Three Months 0.26161 %Conforming ChangesFor the USD LIBOR Securities for which the Board-selected benchmark replacement becomes the benchmark replacement for USD LIBOR by operation of law under the LIBOR Act (the USD LIBOR Securities listed in Annex 1) or because selected as such by a determining person (the USD LIBOR Securities listed in Annex 2)  the LIBOR Rule provides that certain benchmark replacement conforming changes will become an integral part of such securities by operation of law. See Annex 4 for a description of such conforming changes. In addition  a person responsible for calculating or determining any valuation  payment or other measurement based on a benchmark (a ""calculating person"") has the authority under the LIBOR Act and the LIBOR Rule to make certain additional benchmark replacement conforming changes (in addition to those specified in LIBOR Rule) under securities such as the USD LIBOR Securities listed in Annex 1 and Annex 2 without any requirement to obtain consent from any other person. Any such additional changes that the applicable calculating person makes with respect to such USD LIBOR Securities will become an integral part of the applicable securities by operation of law and be the subject of a separate announcement on the Investors/Fixed Income portion of BAC's website.Under the terms of the USD LIBOR Securities listed in Annex 3  BAC  as issuer  will have the right to make benchmark replacement conforming changes. It is expected that BAC will determine that the benchmark replacement conforming changes adopted by the Board under the LIBOR Rule will also apply to such USD LIBOR Securities. If BAC makes any additional benchmark replacement conforming changes with respect to such USD LIBOR Securities  such additional changes will be the subject of a separate announcement on the Investors/Fixed Income portion of BAC's website.This press release applies only to the USD LIBOR Securities listed in the Annexes to this press release and does not relate to any other securities or other instruments. In advance of the LIBOR Replacement Date  further notices relating to CME Term SOFR as the benchmark replacement rate for USD LIBOR for the USD LIBOR Securities held through The Depository Trust Company (""DTC"") will be made pursuant to the DTC LIBOR Replacement Index Communication Tool.Forward-Looking StatementsCertain statements contained in this press release may constitute ""forward-looking statements"" within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements made in this press release include  without limitation  statements concerning the expected transition of the Annex 3 USD LIBOR Securities to CME Term SOFR for the applicable tenor  plus the applicable spread adjustment. These statements are not guarantees of future results or performance and involve certain risks  uncertainties and assumptions that are difficult to predict or beyond our control. You should not place undue reliance on any forward-looking statement and should consider the uncertainties with respect to such transition and resulting risks that such transition would not occur  and including those discussed under Item 1A. ""Risk Factors"" in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31  2022  and in any of our subsequent Securities and Exchange Commission filings. Forward-looking statements speak only as of the date they are made  and except as required by the U.S. federal securities laws  we undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking statement to reflect the impact of circumstances or events that arise after the date the forward-looking statement was made.Bank of AmericaBank of America is one of the world's leading financial institutions  serving individual consumers  small and middle-market businesses and large corporations with a full range of banking  investing  asset management and other financial and risk management products and services. The company provides unmatched convenience in the United States  serving approximately 67 million consumer and small business clients with approximately 3 900 retail financial centers  approximately 16 000 ATMs  and award-winning digital banking with approximately 56 million verified digital users. Bank of America is a global leader in wealth management  corporate and investment banking and trading across a broad range of asset classes  serving corporations  governments  institutions and individuals around the world. Bank of America offers industry-leading support to approximately 3 million small business households through a suite of innovative  easy-to-use online products and services. The company serves clients through operations across the United States  its territories and approximately 35 countries. Bank of America Corporation stock (NYSE: BAC) is listed on the New York Stock Exchange.For more Bank of America news  visit the Bank of America newsroom and register for email news alerts.www.bankofamerica.comInvestors May Contact:Lee McEntire  Bank of AmericaPhone: 1.980.388.6780[email protected]Jonathan Blum  Bank of America (Fixed Income)Phone: 1.212.449.3112[email protected]Reporters May Contact:Bill Halldin  Bank of AmericaPhone: 1.916.724.0093[email protected]Christopher P. Feeney  Bank of AmericaPhone: 1.980.386.6794[email protected]ANNEX 1 NON-WORKABLE CONTRACTUAL FALLBACKS BAC Benchmark NotesCUSIP No./ISIN Issue Date Title of Security 63858REX51 3/23/1998 Senior Medium-Term Floating Rate Notes  due March 2038 06050MAA5 5/21/1999 Senior Medium-Term Floating Rate Notes  due May 2039 06050MAB31 6/30/1999 Senior Medium-Term Floating Rate Notes  due June 2039 06050MAD9 10/26/1999 Senior Medium-Term Floating Rate Notes  due October 2039 06050MAG2 12/17/1999 Senior Medium-Term Floating Rate Notes  due December 2039 06050MAZ0 11/27/2000 Senior Medium-Term Floating Rate Notes  due November 2040 06050MBS5 12/28/2001 Senior Medium-Term Floating Rate Notes  due December 2041 59022CAA12 9/12/2006 Floating Rate Subordinated Notes Due September 15  2026 XS02725578761 3 10/25/2006 Registered Floating Rate Notes due October  2027 5901886X12 11/27/2006 Floating Rate Subordinated Notes Due December 1  2026 59018YT432 9/22/2008 Senior Medium-Term Floating Rate Notes  due January 2037 06051GGF0 1/20/2017 3.824% Fixed/Floating Rate Senior Notes  due January 2028 06051GGG8 1/20/2017 4.443% Fixed/Floating Rate Senior Notes  due January 2048 06051GGM5 4/24/2017 4.244% Fixed/Floating Rate Senior Notes  due April 2038 06051GGL7 4/24/2017 3.705% Fixed/Floating Rate Senior Notes  due April 2028 06051GGR4 7/21/2017 3.593% Fixed/Floating Rate Senior Notes  due July 2028 06051GGT0 9/18/2017 3.093% Fixed/Floating Rate Senior Notes  due October 2025 U0R8A1AB3/ 06051GGW3 12/20/2017 3.419% Fixed/Floating Rate Senior Notes  due 2028 06051GHD4406051GGZ6 1/23/2018 3.366% Fixed/Floating Rate Senior Notes  due January 2026 06051GHA0 1/23/2018 3.946% Fixed/Floating Rate Senior Notes  due January 2049 06051GHB8 2/5/2018 Floating Rate Senior Notes  due February 2026BAC Preferred Stock/Depositary Shares CUSIP No. Issue Date Title of Security 060505633 11/1/20045 Depositary shares  each representing a 1/1 200th interest in a share of Floating Rate Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock  Series 1 (CUSIP No. for the Series 1 Preferred Stock is 060505542) 060505625 3/14/20055 Depositary shares  each representing a 1/1 200th interest in a share of Floating Rate Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock  Series 2 (CUSIP No. for the Series 2 Preferred Stock is 060505534) 060505591 11/17/20055 Depositary shares  each representing a 1/1 200th interest in a share of Floating Rate Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock  Series 4 (CUSIP No. for the Series 4 Preferred Stock is 060505518) 060505815 11/6/2006 Depositary shares  each representing a 1/1 000th interest in a share of Floating Rate Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock  Series E (CUSIP No. for the Series E Preferred Stock is 060505799) 060505583 3/20/20075 Depositary shares  each representing a 1/1 200th interest in a share of Floating Rate Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock  Series 5 (CUSIP No. for the Series 5 Preferred Stock is 060505492) 060505ED2 5/29/2013 Depositary Shares  each representing 1/25th interest in a share of Fixed-to-Floating Rate Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock  Series U (CUSIP No. for the Series U Preferred Stock is 060505EE0) 060505EH3 9/5/2014 Depositary Shares  each representing 1/25th interest in a share of Fixed-to-Floating Rate Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock  Series X (CUSIP No. for the Series X Preferred Stock is 060505EJ9) 060505EL4 10/23/2014 Depositary Shares  each representing 1/25th interest in a share of Fixed-to-Floating Rate Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock  Series Z (CUSIP No. for the Series Z Preferred Stock is 060505EM2) 060505EN0 3/17/2015 Depositary Shares  each representing 1/25th interest in a share of Fixed-to-Floating Rate Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock  Series AA (CUSIP No. for the Series AA Preferred Stock is 060505EP5) 060505EU4 3/10/2016 Depositary Shares  each representing 1/25th interest in a share of Fixed-to-Floating Rate Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock  Series DD (CUSIP No. for the Series DD Preferred Stock is 060505EV2)BAC Client-Driven NotesCUSIP No. Issue Date Title of Security 06048WPV6 10/30/2014 Fixed to Floating Rate Notes with a Maximum Interest Rate  due October 30  2024 06048WPZ7 11/25/2014 Fixed to Floating Rate Notes with a Maximum Interest Rate  due November 25  2024 06048WTR1 10/28/2016 Fixed to Floating Rate Notes with a Maximum Interest Rate  due October 28  2026 06048WUS7 8/28/2017 Fixed to Floating Rate Notes with a Maximum Interest Rate  due August 28  2027BAC Capital Trust XIII Trust Preferred SecuritiesCUSIP No. Issue Date Title of Security 05518UAA5 2/16/2007 Floating Rate Preferred Hybrid Income Term Securities of BAC Capital Trust XIII (CUSIP No. for the underlying Series F Preferred Stock is 060505377)BAC Capital Trust XIV Trust Preferred SecuritiesCUSIP No. Issue Date Title of Security 05518VAA3 2/16/2007 5.63% Fixed to Floating Rate Preferred Hybrid Income Term Securities of BAC Capital Trust XIV (CUSIP No. for the underlying Series G Preferred Stock is 060505385)BAC Capital Trust XV Trust Preferred SecuritiesCUSIP No. Issue Date Title of Security 05518WAA1 5/31/2007 Floating Rate Capital Securities of BAC Capital Trust XV (CUSIP No. for the underlying junior subordinated notes is 060505DF8)_________________1 The benchmark rate for these USD LIBOR Securities is one-month USD LIBOR. For all other USD LIBOR Securities  the benchmark rate is three-month USD LIBOR. 2 Originally issued by Merrill Lynch & Co.  Inc. (""ML&Co.""). 3 Held through Euroclear Bank SA/NV and/or Clearstream Banking  S.A.  Luxembourg. 4 These notes of this series (CUSIP No. 06051GHD4) were issued on 5/24/2018 in exchange for outstanding notes of this series (CUSIP Nos. U0R8A1AB3 and 06051GGW3) previously issued on 12/20/2017. Certain notes of this series issued on 12/20/2017 were not exchanged and remain outstanding. 5 This is the date that ML&Co. originally issued shares of its preferred stock that were exchanged for shares of corresponding BAC preferred stock in the merger of BAC and ML&Co. on 1/1/2009.ANNEX 2 DETERMINING PERSON DISCRETION BAC Benchmark NotesCUSIP No. Issue Date Title of Security 06051GHG7 3/5/2018 3.970% Fixed/Floating Rate Senior Notes  due March 2029 06051GHL6 7/23/2018 3.864% Fixed/Floating Rate Senior Notes  due July 2024 06051GHK8 7/23/2018 Floating Rate Senior Notes  due July 2024 06051GHM4 7/23/2018 4.271% Fixed/Floating Rate Senior Notes  due July 2029 06051GHQ5 2/7/2019 3.974% Fixed/Floating Rate Senior Notes  due February 2030 06051GHR3 3/15/2019 3.458% Fixed/Floating Rate Senior Notes  due March 2025 06051GHS1 3/15/2019 4.330% Fixed/Floating Rate Senior Notes  due March 2050 06051GHT9 4/23/2019 3.559% Fixed/Floating Rate Senior Notes  due April 2027 06051GHU6 4/23/2019 4.078% Fixed/Floating Rate Senior Notes  due April 2040BAC Preferred Stock/Depositary SharesCUSIP No. Issue Date Title of Security 060505FL3 3/15/2018 Depositary Shares  each representing 1/25th interest in a share of Fixed-to-Floating Rate Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock  Series FF (CUSIP No. for the Series FF Preferred Stock is 060505FK5)BAC Client-Driven NotesCUSIP No./ISIN Issue Date Title of Security 06048WWH9 4/23/2018 Puttable Floating Rate Notes  due April 23  2058 06048WWN6 4/27/2018 Floating Rate Notes with Minimum and Maximum Interest Rates  due April 27  2028 06048WXG0 8/31/2018 Puttable Floating Rate Notes  due August 30  2058 06048WXP0 9/12/2018 Puttable Floating Rate Notes  due September 12  2058 06048WYA2 11/9/2018 Puttable Floating Rate Notes  due November 9  2058 06048WYR5 12/10/2018 Puttable Floating Rate Notes  due December 10  2058 06048WYS3 12/18/2018 Floating Rate Notes with Minimum and Maximum Interest Rates  due December 18  2028 06048WYV6 12/26/2018 Puttable Floating Rate Notes  due December 26  2058 06048WZF0 2/7/2019 Puttable Floating Rate Notes  due February 7  2059 XS19023423176 11/13/2018 USD 3 000 000 Floating Rate Notes due November 2028 XS19175719006 12/10/2018 USD 10 000 000 Floating Rate Notes due December 2028 XS19434433306 2/7/2019 USD 3 000 000 Floating Rate Notes due February 2029 XS19585375476 3/13/2019 USD 3 000 000 Floating Rate Notes due March 2029 XS19581898366 3/14/2019 USD 10 000 000 Floating Rate Notes due March 2029BofA Finance Client-Driven NoteCUSIP No. Issue Date Title of Security 09709THC8 7/29/2019 4.00% Issuer Callable Daily Range Accrual Notes Linked to 3-month U.S. Dollar LIBOR  due July 29  2029_________________6 Held through Euroclear Bank SA/NV and/or Clearstream Banking  S.A.  Luxembourg.ANNEX 3 ARRC RECOMMENDED FALLBACK PROVISIONS BAC Benchmark NotesCUSIP No. Issue Date Title of Security 06051GHV4 7/23/2019 3.194% Fixed/Floating Rate Senior Notes  due July 2030 06051GHW2 10/22/2019 2.456% Fixed/Floating Rate Senior Notes  due October 2025 06051GHX0 10/22/2019 2.884% Fixed/Floating Rate Senior Notes  due October 2030 06051GHY8 2/13/2020 2.015% Fixed/Floating Rate Senior Notes  due February 2026 06051GHZ5 2/13/2020 2.496% Fixed/Floating Rate Senior Notes  due February 2031 06051GJA8 3/20/20207 4.083% Fixed/Floating Rate Senior Notes  due March 2051BAC Preferred Stock/Depositary SharesCUSIP No. Issue Date Title of Security 060505FP4 6/20/2019 Depositary Shares  each representing 1/25th interest in a share of Fixed-to-Floating Rate Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock  Series JJ (CUSIP No. for the Series JJ Preferred Stock is 060505FN9) 060505FQ2 1/24/2020 Depositary Shares  each representing 1/25th interest in a share of Fixed-to-Floating Rate Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock  Series MM (CUSIP No. for the Series MM Preferred Stock is 060505FR0)BAC Client-Driven NotesCUSIP No. Issue Date Title of Security 06048WE22 10/24/2019 Puttable Floating Rate Notes  due October 24  2059 06048WF47 11/29/2019 Puttable Floating Rate Notes  due December 1  2059_________________7 Issue Date of 3/27/2020 for additional notes issued in a reopening of this series.ANNEX 4CONFORMING CHANGESThe following are the benchmark replacement conforming changes specified in the LIBOR Rule:(1) Any reference to a specified source for USD LIBOR shall be replaced with the publication of the applicable Board-selected benchmark replacement (inclusive of the applicable tenor spread adjustment) by either the relevant benchmark administrator for the applicable Board-selected benchmark replacement or any third party authorized by the relevant benchmark administrator to publish the applicable Board-selected benchmark replacement. (2) Any reference to a particular time of day for determining USD LIBOR (such as 11:00 a.m. London time) shall be replaced with the standard publication time for the applicable Board-selected benchmark replacement (inclusive of the relevant tenor spread adjustment)  as established by the relevant benchmark administrator. (3) Any provision of any USD LIBOR Securities requiring use of a combination (such as an average) of LIBOR values over a period of time that spans the LIBOR Replacement Date shall be modified to provide that the combination shall be calculated consistent with that contractual provision using (i) the USD LIBOR the applicable tenor for any date prior to the LIBOR Replacement Date and (ii) the applicable Board-selected benchmark replacement rate for any date on or following the LIBOR Replacement Date  respectively. (4) To the extent a Board-selected benchmark replacement is not available or published on a particular day indicated in the USD LIBOR Securities as the determination date  the most recently available publication of the Board-selected benchmark replacement will apply.SOURCE Bank of America Corporation",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.42,0.19,0.39,True,English,"['Outstanding USD LIBOR Securities', 'CME Term SOFR', 'Benchmark Replacement Rate', 'America Corporation', 'Bank', 'Certain', 'June', 'CME Term SOFR Reference Rate', 'Alternative Reference Rates Committee', 'first London banking date', 'applicable tenor spread adjustment', 'CME Group Benchmark Administration', 'U.S. dollar LIBOR', 'three-month CME Term SOFR', 'applicable USD LIBOR tenor', 'related benchmark replacement date', 'The USD LIBOR Securities', 'floating rate debt securities', 'USD LIBOR Replacement Date', 'applicable corresponding tenor', 'applicable interest, dividend', 'Federal Reserve System', 'Non-Workable Contractual Fallbacks', 'representative USD LIBOR', 'USD LIBOR values', 'three-month USD LIBOR', 'Adjustable Interest Rate', 'Financial Conduct Authority', 'benchmark transition event', 'trust preferred securities', 'USD LIBOR rate', 'other BAC-affiliated issuers', 'other remaining tenors', 'Federal Reserve Bank', 'benchmark replacement rate', 'BofA Finance LLC', 'three-month tenor', 'Determining Person Discretion', 'benchmark rate', 'BofA Securities', 'U.K.', 'LIBOR) Act', 'LIBOR Act', 'LIBOR Rule', 'interpolated rate', 'preferred stock', 'benchmark replacements', 'sole authority', 'N.C.', 'America Corporation', 'depositary shares', 'press release', 'New York', 'distribution payments', 'final rules', 'successor administrator', 'fallback provisions', 'investment bank', 'international standing', 'Delaware law', 'calculation agent', 'March', 'PRNewswire', 'outstanding', 'Annexes', 'connection', 'determination', 'June', 'publication', 'cessation', 'Congress', 'Board', 'Governors', 'expectation', 'calculations', 'terms', 'poll', 'inquiries', 'quotes', 'information', 'operation', 'force', 'effect', 'Inc.', 'ARRC', 'April', 'accordance', 'conditions']",2023-03-31,2023-04-01,prnewswire.com
21915,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/03/31/2638561/0/en/Notice-of-AGM.html,Notice of AGM,LEI: 213800ZBKL9BHSL2K459  OSB GROUP PLC(the Company)  NOTICE OF ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING  The following regulated information  disseminated pursuant to...,LEI: 213800ZBKL9BHSL2K459OSB GROUP PLC(the Company)NOTICE OF ANNUAL GENERAL MEETINGThe following regulated information  disseminated pursuant to DTR 6.3.5  comprises the Notice of Annual General Meeting (AGM) for 2023 which was sent to shareholders of the Company on 31 March 2023. A copy of the Notice of AGM is available at www.osb.co.ukThe AGM will be held at 90 Whitfield Street  Fitzrovia  London W1T 4EZ on Thursday  11 May 2023 at 11 am.Should it become appropriate to revise the current arrangements for the AGM  any such changes will be notified to shareholders through our website (www.osb.co.uk) and  where appropriate  by announcement made by the Company to a Regulatory Information Service.Enquiries:OSB GROUP PLCNickesha Graham-BurrellGroup Head of Company Secretariat t: 01634 835 796Investor relationsEmail: osbrelations@osb.co.uk t: 01634 838 973Brunswick t: 020 7404 5959Robin Wrench / Simone SelzerNotes to EditorsAbout OSB GROUP PLCOSB began trading as a bank on 1 February 2011 and was admitted to the main market of the London Stock Exchange in June 2014 (OSB.L). OSB joined the FTSE 250 index in June 2015. On 4 October 2019  OSB acquired Charter Court Financial Services Group plc (CCFS) and its subsidiary businesses. On 30 November 2020  OSB GROUP PLC became the listed entity and holding company for the OSB Group. The Group provides specialist lending and retail savings and is authorised by the Prudential Regulation Authority  part of the Bank of England  and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority and Prudential Regulation Authority. The Group reports under two segments  OneSavings Bank and Charter Court Financial Services.OneSavings BankOSB primarily targets market sub-sectors that offer high growth potential and attractive risk-adjusted returns in which it can take a leading position and where it has established expertise  platforms and capabilities. These include private rented sector Buy-to-Let  commercial and semi-commercial mortgages  residential development finance  bespoke and specialist residential lending  secured funding lines and asset finance.OSB originates mortgages organically via specialist brokers and independent financial advisers through its specialist brands including Kent Reliance for Intermediaries and InterBay Commercial. It is differentiated through its use of highly skilled  bespoke underwriting and efficient operating model.OSB is predominantly funded by retail savings originated through the long-established Kent Reliance name  which includes online and postal channels as well as a network of branches in the South East of England. Diversification of funding is currently provided by securitisation programmes and the Bank of England’s Term Funding Scheme with additional incentives for SMEs.Charter Court Financial Services GroupCCFS focuses on providing Buy-to-Let and specialist residential mortgages  mortgage servicing  administration and retail savings products. It operates through its brands: Precise Mortgages and Charter Savings Bank.It is differentiated through risk management expertise and best-of-breed automated technology and systems  ensuring efficient processing  strong credit and collateral risk control and speed of product development and innovation. These factors have enabled strong balance sheet growth whilst maintaining high credit quality mortgage assets.CCFS is predominantly funded by retail savings originated through its Charter Savings Bank brand. Diversification of funding is currently provided by securitisation programmes and the Bank of England’s Term Funding Scheme with additional incentives for SMEs.THIS DOCUMENT IS IMPORTANT AND REQUIRES YOUR IMMEDIATE ATTENTION. If you are in any doubt as to what action you should take  you are recommended to seek your own personal financial advice immediately from your stockbroker  bank manager  solicitor  accountant or other independent financial adviser who  if you are taking advice in the United Kingdom  is duly authorised under the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000  or an appropriately authorised independent financial adviser  if you are in a territory outside the United Kingdom.If you have sold or transferred all of your ordinary shares in OSB GROUP PLC  please send this document and any other documents that accompany it as soon as possible to the purchaser or transferee or to the stockbroker  bank or other agent through whom the sale or transfer was effected for transmission to the purchaser or transferee. If you have sold or otherwise transferred only part of your holding  you should retain this document and its enclosures.Notice of Annual General MeetingOSB GROUP PLC(incorporated and registered in England and Wales under company number 11976839. Registered office: OSB House  Quayside  Chatham Maritime  Chatham  United Kingdom  ME4 4QZ)Notice of Annual General Meeting on Thursday  11 May 2023 at 11 amat 90 Whitfield Street  Fitzrovia  London W1T 4EZLETTER FROM THE CHAIRMANDear Shareholder 31 March 20232022 ANNUAL REPORT AND ACCOUNTS AND 2023 ANNUAL GENERAL MEETINGI am pleased to inform you that the Annual Report and Accounts for the year ended 31 December 2022 and the Notice of the 2023 Annual General Meeting of OSB GROUP PLC (the Company) have now been published. A copy of the 2022 Annual Report and Accounts is enclosed with this document  together with a Form of Proxy to enable you to exercise your voting rights at the 2023 Annual General Meeting (AGM).The AGM will be held at 90 Whitfield Street  Fitzrovia  London W1T 4EZ on Thursday  11 May 2023 at 11 am.The formal notice of the AGM is set out on pages 3 to 5 of this document and contains the proposed resolutions (the Resolutions). Explanatory notes to the business to be considered are set out from page 6 of this document.You would have seen our declaration of a special dividend to be paid on the same date as the final dividend. The special dividend is not required to be included within this Notice of AGM.VOTING AT THE AGMI will  once again  be inviting you to vote on all Resolutions at the AGM by way of a poll rather than on a show of hands. Poll voting is in line with practice adopted by many UK public companies and provides a more transparent method of voting. It will result in a more accurate reflection of the views of shareholders by ensuring that every vote is recognised  including the votes of those shareholders who are unable to attend but who have appointed a proxy for the meeting. On a poll  each shareholder has one vote for every share held. I would encourage shareholders to exercise their right to vote; this will ensure that your vote will be counted if ultimately you (or any other proxy you might otherwise appoint) are not able to attend the meeting. Instructions for completing the Form of Proxy are outlined below. The valid appointment of a proxy does not prevent you from attending the AGM and voting in person.ACTION TO BE TAKENPlease complete and return the enclosed Form of Proxy so that it is received by the Company’s Registrar  Equiniti  by no later than 11 am on Tuesday  9 May 2023. If you are a member of CREST  you may submit a proxy appointment electronically through the CREST voting service. Further details are set out in the Notes section on pages 10 to 11.The results of voting on the Resolutions will be announced via a Regulatory Information Service and posted on the Company’s website following the conclusion of the AGM.RECOMMENDATIONThe Directors recommend that shareholders vote in favour of each of the Resolutions at the AGM. The Board considers that the Resolutions are in the best interests of the Company’s shareholders as a whole and will promote the success of the Company for their benefit. The Directors intend to vote in favour of the Resolutions in respect of their own beneficial shareholdings in the Company (save in respect of those Resolutions in which they are interested).Should it become appropriate to revise the current arrangements for the AGM  any such changes will be notified to shareholders through our website (www.osb.co.uk) and  where appropriate  by an announcement made by the Company to a Regulatory Information Service.Yours faithfullyDavid WeymouthChairmanNOTICE OF ANNUAL GENERAL MEETINGNotice is hereby given that the Annual General Meeting of OSB GROUP PLC (the Company) will be held at 90 Whitfield Street  Fitzrovia  London W1T 4EZ on Thursday  11 May 2023 at 11 am to consider and  if thought fit  pass the following Resolutions.Resolutions 1 to 9 will be proposed as ordinary resolutions. Resolutions 10 to 14 will be proposed as special resolutions.1. To receive the audited financial statements and the Auditor’s and Directors’ Reports for the year ended 31 December 2022.2. To approve the Directors’ Remuneration Report (excluding the Directors’ Remuneration Policy) for the year ended 31 December 2022.3. To declare a final dividend of 21.8 pence per ordinary share in respect of the year ended 31 December 2022.4. Election and re-election of Directors.To elect the following individual as a Director of the Company:Independent Non-Executive Director(a) Kal AtwalTo re-elect by separate resolutions each of the following individuals as a Director of the Company:Independent Non-Executive Directors(b) Elizabeth Noël Harwerth(c) Sarah Hedger(d) Rajan Kapoor(e) Simon WalkerNon-Executive Director(f) David WeymouthExecutive Directors(g) Andrew Golding(h) April Talintyre5. To re-appoint Deloitte LLP as the Auditor of the Company.6. To authorise the Group Audit Committee to agree the remuneration of the Auditor.7. To authorise  in accordance with sections 366 and 367 of the Companies Act 2006 (the Act)  the Company and all companies that are its subsidiaries to:make political donations to political parties and/or independent election candidates;make political donations to political organisations other than political parties; andincur political expenditure;up to an aggregate total amount of £50 000  with the amount authorised for each of heads (a) to (c) above being limited to the same total. This authority shall expire at the close of business on 30 June 2024 or  if earlier  at the conclusion of the AGM of the Company to be held in 2024.For the purposes of this authority the terms ‘political donation’  ‘political parties’  ‘independent election candidates’  ‘political organisation’ and ‘political expenditure’ have the meanings given by sections 363 to 365 of the Act as at the date of this notice of meeting.8. That the Directors are generally and unconditionally authorised pursuant to and in accordance with section 551 of the Companies Act 2006 (the Act) to exercise all the powers of the Company to allot shares in the Company and to grant rights to subscribe for  or to convert any security into  shares in the Company (Rights):up to a maximum aggregate nominal amount of £1 434 146.62 (representing 143 414 662 ordinary shares); andcomprising equity securities (within the meaning of section 560 of the Act) up to a further maximum aggregate nominal amount of£1 434 146.62 (representing 143 414 662 ordinary shares) in connection with a pre-emptive offer (including an offer by way of a rights issue or open offer):(i) to ordinary shareholders in proportion (as nearly as may be practicable) to their existing holdings; and(ii) to the holders of other equity securities  as required by the rights of those securities or as the Directors otherwise consider necessary;and subject to such exclusions or other arrangements as the Directors may deem necessary or expedient to deal with treasury shares  fractional entitlements  record dates or legal  regulatory or practical problems arising under the laws or the requirements of any regulatory body or stock exchange in any territory or by virtue of shares being represented by depositary receipts or any other matter.This authority shall expire at the close of business on 30 June 2024 or  if earlier  at the conclusion of the Annual General Meeting of the Company to be held in 2024  save that the Company shall be entitled to make offers or agreements before the expiry of such authority which would or might require shares to be allotted or Rights to be granted after such expiry and the Directors shall be entitled to allot shares and grant Rights pursuant to any such offer or agreement as if this authority had not expired; and all authorities vested in the Directors on the date of the notice of this meeting to allot shares and grant Rights that remain unexercised at the commencement of this meeting are hereby revoked.9. That  in addition to the authority contained in Resolution 8 in the notice of this meeting  the Directors are generally and unconditionally authorised pursuant to and in accordance with section 551 of the Companies Act 2006 (the Act) to exercise all the powers of the Company to allot shares in the Company and to grant rights to subscribe for  or to convert any security into  shares in the Company:up to a maximum aggregate nominal amount of £516 292.50 (representing 51 629 250 ordinary shares) in relation to the issue of Regulatory Capital Convertible Instruments; andsubject to applicable law and regulation  at such conversion prices (or such maximum or minimum conversion prices or conversion price methodologies) as may be determined by the Directors of the Company from time to time.This authority shall expire at the close of business on 30 June 2024 or  if earlier  at the conclusion of the Annual General Meeting of the Company to be held in 2024  save that the Company shall be entitled to make offers or agreements before the expiry of such authority  which would or might require shares to be allotted or rights to be granted after such expiry and the Directors may allot shares and grant rights to subscribe for or to convert any security into shares  in pursuance of any such offer or agreement as if the authority hadnot expired.10. That  subject to the passing of Resolution 8 in the notice of this meeting  the Board be given power to allot equity securities (as defined in the Companies Act 2006) for cash under the authority given by that resolution and/or to sell ordinary shares held by the Company as treasury shares for cash as if section 561 of the Companies Act 2006 did not apply to any such allotment or sale  such power to be limited:a. to the allotment of equity securities and sale of treasury shares in connection with an offer of  or invitation to apply for  equity securities (but in the case of the authority granted under paragraph (b) of Resolution 8 in the notice of this meeting  by way of a pre-emptive offer (including an offer by way of a rights issue or open offer) only):(i) to ordinary shareholders in proportion (as nearly as may be practicable) to their existing holdings; and(ii) to holders of other equity securities  as required by the rights of those securities  or as the Board otherwise considers necessary;and so that the Board may impose any limits or restrictions and make any arrangements which it considers necessary or appropriate to deal with treasury shares  fractional entitlements  record dates  legal  regulatory or practical problems in  or under the laws of  any territory or any other matter; andb. in the case of the authority granted under paragraph (a) and/or in the case of any sale of treasury shares  to the allotment of equity securities or sale of treasury shares (otherwise than under paragraph (a) above) up to a nominal amount of £215 121.87.Such power shall apply until the end of next year’s AGM (or  if earlier  until the close of business on 30 June 2024) but  in each case  during this period the Company may make offers  and enter into agreements  which would  or might  require equity securities to be allotted (and treasury shares to be sold) after the power ends and the Board may allot equity securities (and sell treasury shares) under any such offer or agreement as if the power had not ended.11. That  subject to the passing of Resolution 8 in the notice of this meeting  the Board be given the power in addition to any power granted under Resolution 10 in the notice of this meeting  to allot equity securities (as defined in the Companies Act 2006) for cash under the authority granted under paragraph (a) of Resolution 8 in the notice of this meeting and/or to sell ordinary shares held by the Company as treasury shares for cash as if section 561 of the Companies Act 2006 did not apply to any such allotment or sale  such power to be limited to the allotment of equity securities or sale of treasury shares up to a nominal amount of £215 121.87  such power to be used only for the purposes of financing a transaction which the Board of the Company determines to be either an acquisition or a specified capital investment of a kind contemplated by the Statement of Principles on Disapplying Pre-Emption Rights most recently published by thePre-Emption Group prior to the date of this notice or for the purposes of refinancing such a transaction within 12 months of its taking place.Such power shall apply until the end of next year’s AGM (or  if earlier  until the close of business on 30 June 2024) but  in each case  during this period the Company may make offers  and enter into agreements  which would  or might  require equity securities to be allotted (and treasury shares to be sold) after the power ends and the Board may allot equity securities (and sell treasury shares) under any such offer or agreement as if the power had not ended.12. That  subject to the passing of Resolution 9 in the notice of this meeting and in addition to the powers contained in Resolutions 10 and 11 in the notice of this meeting  the Directors are empowered pursuant to sections 570 and 573 of the Companies Act 2006 (the Act) to allot equity securities (within the meaning of section 560 of the Act) for cash either pursuant to the authority conferred by Resolution 9 in the notice of this meeting and/or by way of a sale of treasury shares as if section 561 of the Act did not apply to any such allotment or sale.Such power shall expire on the revocation or expiry (unless renewed) of the authority conferred on the Directors by Resolution 9 in the notice of this meeting  save that the Company shall be entitled to make offers or agreements before the expiry of such power which would or might require equity securities to be allotted after such expiry and the Directors shall be entitled to allot equity securities pursuant to any such offer or agreement as if the power conferred hereby had not expired.13. That the Company is generally and unconditionally authorised for the purpose of section 701 of the Companies Act 2006 (the Act) to make market purchases (within the meaning of section 693(4) of the Act) of ordinary shares in the capital of the Company on such terms and in such manner as the Directors may from time to time determine  provided that:a. the maximum aggregate number of ordinary shares hereby authorised to be acquired is 43 024 375;b. the minimum price (excluding expenses) which may be paid for any such share is its nominal value;c. the maximum price (excluding expenses) which may be paid for any such share is the higher of (i) an amount equal to 5 per cent above the average of the middle market quotations for an ordinary share in the Company as derived from The London Stock Exchange Daily Official List for the 5 business days immediately preceding the day on which such share is contracted to be purchased; and (ii) the higher of the price of the last independent trade of an ordinary share and the highest current independent bid for an ordinary share in the Company on the trading venues where the market purchases by the Company is carried out;d. the authority hereby conferred shall expire at the close of business on 30 June 2024 or  if earlier  at the conclusion of the Annual General Meeting of the Company to be held in 2024 unless previously renewed  varied or revoked by the Company in general meeting; ande. the Company may  before this authority expires  make a contract to purchase its ordinary shares which would or might be executed wholly or partly after the expiry of this authority  and may purchase its ordinary shares pursuant to it as if this authority hadnot expired.14. That a general meeting of the Company  other than an Annual General Meeting  may be called on not less than 14 clear days’ notice.By Order of the BoardJason ElphickGroup General Counsel and Company Secretary 31 March 2023Registered Office: OSB House Quayside Chatham Maritime ChathamUnited Kingdom ME4 4QZEXPLANATORY NOTESInformation about the business to be considered at the AGM is set out below.These explanatory notes should be read in conjunction with the 2022 Annual Report and Accounts. This Notice of AGM and the 2022 Annual Report and Accounts are available at www.osb.co.uk. For the purpose of this Notice  the issued share capital of the Company with voting rights on 23 March 2023  being the latest practicable date prior to the printing of this document  was 430 243 748 ordinary shares of £0.01 each.RESOLUTION 1: 2022 Annual Report and Accounts (ordinary resolution)The Directors of the Company present the Directors’ reports  the Auditor’s report and the audited financial statements of the Company for the financial year ended 31 December 2022 (the 2022 Annual Report and Accounts) to the AGM as required by the Companies Act 2006.The Company proposes an ordinary resolution to receive the 2022 Annual Report and Accounts and  accordingly  shareholders have the opportunity to raise any questions on those documents under this Resolution.RESOLUTION 2: Directors’ Remuneration Report (excluding the Remuneration Policy) for the year ended 31 December 2022 (ordinary resolution)In accordance with the Companies Act 2006  shareholders are invited to approve the Directors’ Remuneration Report for the year ended 31 December 2022. This consists of the Annual Statement from the Chair of the Group Remuneration and People Committee and the Annual Report on Remuneration  which may be found on pages 142 to 156 of the 2022 Annual Report and Accounts. It details the Directors’ remuneration for the year ended 31 December 2022 and sets out the way in which the Company intends to implement the Directors’ Remuneration Policy in 2023. The Auditor has audited those parts of the Directors’ Remuneration Report required to be audited and its report can be found on pages 169 to 178 of the 2022 Annual Report and Accounts. For the purposes of this Resolution  the Directors’ Remuneration Report does not include the Directors’ Remuneration Policy. The vote on Resolution 2 is advisory only and the Directors’ entitlement to remuneration is not conditional on it being passed.The Companies Act 2006 requires the Directors’ Remuneration Policy to be put to shareholders for approval annually unless the approved policy remains unchanged  in which case it need only be put to shareholders for approval at least every three years. The Company is not proposing any changes to the Directors’ Remuneration Policy that was approved at the Annual General Meeting in 2022.RESOLUTION 3: Final dividend (ordinary resolution)A final dividend of 21.8 pence per ordinary share has been recommended by the Board for the year ended 31 December 2022 and  if approved by shareholders  will be paid on 17 May 2023 to all shareholders on the register at the close of business on 24 March 2023.RESOLUTIONS 4 (a) to (h): Election and re-election of Directors (ordinary resolutions)Resolution 4(a) relates to the election of a Director. Kal Atwal is standing for election as an Independent Non-Executive Director having been appointed to the Board of Directors with effect from 7 February 2023.Resolutions 4(b) to (h) relate to the retirement and re-election of the Company’s Directors. The Company’s articles of association require each Director to retire at the AGM. This is in line with best practice recommendations of the Financial Reporting Council’s UK Corporate Governance Code.The Board has confirmed  following a performance review  that each of the Directors standing for re-election continues to be an effective member of the Board  to make a positive contribution and to demonstrate commitment to his or her role. The Board believes that the considerable and wide-ranging experience of the Directors will continue to be invaluable to the Company. The Board considers that Kal Atwal has and will continue to make a valuable contribution to the Board and that she has sufficient time to devote to the Company’s affairs. The appointment of Kal Atwal has been recommended by the Group Nomination and Governance Committee. The biographies of Directors can be found in the Appendix to this document and also on the Company’s website www.osb.co.uk.RESOLUTIONS 5 AND 6: Re-appointment and remuneration of the Auditor (ordinary resolutions)The Company is required to appoint an auditor at each general meeting at which accounts are laid before the Company  to hold office until the conclusion of the next such meeting. The Group Audit Committee has recommended to the Board  the re-appointment of Deloitte LLP as Auditor of the Company and  has confirmed to the Board that its recommendation is free from third party influence and that no restrictive contractual provisions have been imposed on the Company limiting the choice of auditor. Resolution 5 proposes the re-appointment of Deloitte LLP as the Auditor of the Company and Resolution 6 authorises the Group Audit Committee to agree the Auditor’s remuneration.RESOLUTION 7: Authority to make political donations (ordinary resolution)Section 368 of the Companies Act 2006 (the Act) prohibits companies from making political donations exceeding £5 000 in aggregate in any 12-month period to (i) political parties  (ii) other political organisations and (iii) independent election candidates  and from incurring political expenditure  without shareholder approval. In line with the Group’s policy  neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries made any political donations nor incurred any political expenditure during 2022. It is not proposed or intended to alter this policy. However  some of the Group’s activities may potentially fall within the wide definitions of ‘political donation’ or ‘political expenditure’ in the Act and  without the necessary statutory authorisation  the Group’s ability to communicate its views effectively to political audiences and to relevant interest groups could be inhibited. Such activities may include briefings at receptions or conferences – when the Group seeks to communicate its views on issues vital to its business interests – including  for example  conferences of a party political nature or of special interest groups in specific areas.Accordingly  the Company believes that the authority contained in this Resolution is necessary to allow it and its subsidiaries to fund activities which it is in the interests of shareholders that the Company should support. Such authority will enable the Company and its subsidiaries to be sure that they do not  because of any uncertainty as to the bodies or the activities covered by the Companies Act 2006  unintentionally commit a technical breach of the statutes. Any political donation made or expenditure incurred under authority of this Resolution will be disclosed in next year’s Annual Report and Accounts.This authority replaces the similar authority given to the Directors at the Annual General Meeting in 2022 and will expire at close of business on 30 June 2024 or  if earlier  at the conclusion of the Annual General Meeting of the Company to be held in 2024.RESOLUTION 8: Directors’ authority to allot shares (ordinary resolution)The Directors currently have a general authority to allot new ordinary shares in the capital of the Company and to grant rights to subscribe for  or convert any securities into  shares. This authority is  however  due to expire at the AGM and the Board would like to renew it to provide the Directors with flexibility to allot new shares and grant rights up until the Company’s next AGM within the limits prescribed by The Investment Association.The Investment Association’s guidelines on Directors’ authority to allot shares state that the Association’s members will regard as routine any proposal at a general meeting to seek a general authority to allot an amount up to two-thirds of the existing share capital  provided that any amount in excess of one-third of the existing share capital is applied to a fully pre-emptive offer (including an offer by way of a rights issue or open offer) only. Accordingly  if passed  this resolution will authorise the Directors to allot (or grant rights over) new shares in the Company: (i) under an open offer or in other situations (including a rights issue) up to an aggregate nominal amount of £1 434 146.62 (representing approximately one-third of the Company’s issued ordinary share capital); and (ii) under a fully pre-emptive offer (including an offer by way of a rights issue or open offer) only  up to a further aggregate nominal amount of £1 434 146.62 (representing approximately one-third of the Company’s issued ordinary share capital). In each case  the reference to the Company’s issued ordinary share capital is to the issued ordinary share capital as at 23 March 2023 (being the latest practicable date prior to publication of this document).If passed  this authority will expire at the close of business on 30 June 2024 or  if earlier  at the conclusion of the AGM to be held in 2024.The Directors have no present intention of exercising this authority  however  the Board considers it prudent to maintain the flexibility that it provides to enable the Directors to respond to any appropriate opportunities that may arise. The Company did not hold any shares in treasury as at 23 March 2023.RESOLUTION 9: Directors’ authority to allot shares in relation to the issue of Regulatory Capital Convertible Instruments (ordinary resolution)This Resolution renews the Directors’ authority to allot shares or grant rights to subscribe for or convert any security into ordinary shares up to an aggregate nominal amount of £516 292.50  in connection with the issue of ‘Regulatory Capital Convertible Instruments’. Regulatory Capital Convertible Instruments are any securities to be issued by the Company or any member of the Group  or by a Company outside of the Group with the consent of the Company or a member of the Group and which are intended on issue to form all or part of a type or class of securities  the terms of which are eligible to meet any Regulatory Capital Requirements and which are:convertible into or exchangeable for ordinary shares of the Company; orissued together with share warrants relating to ordinary shares of the Company;and in each case  which grant to  or require  the holder of such security and/or its nominee a right or obligation (as applicable) to subscribe for such ordinary shares following a specified event relating to an actual or prospective adverse change in the capital position or viability of the Company  any member of the Group or the Group as a whole or any other event specified in the Regulatory Capital Requirements and otherwise on such terms as may be determined by the Directors of the Company or a Committee thereof upon issue.The Board believes it is in the best interests of the Company to have the flexibility to issue Regulatory Capital Convertible Instruments at any time and from time to time. The authority sought in this Resolution will be used as considered desirable to comply with or maintain compliance with such Regulatory Capital Requirements or targets applicable to the Company. Regulatory Capital Requirements are specified by the Prudential Regulation Authority or such other authority having primary supervisory authority with respect to the Company from time to time in relation to the margin of solvency  capital resources  capital  contingent capital or buffer capital of the Company  a member of the Group or the Group taken as a whole.The Company intends to seek to renew authority for the issuance of such Regulatory Capital Convertible Instruments on an annual basis.The amount of this authority is  in aggregate  equivalent to approximately 12 per cent of the issued ordinary share capital of the Company as at 23 March 2023 (being the latest practicable date before the publication of this document). No ordinary shares were held in treasury as at that date.Resolutions 9 and 12 are intended to provide the Directors with the flexibility to authorise the issue of Regulatory Capital Convertible Instruments which contain contractual debt to equity conversion features. The Resolutions are not intended to provide authority for any future UK statutory conversion requirements as may become part of UK national law in the future  for which such authority would not be required.The authority sought in Resolution 9 is separate and distinct from the authority sought in Resolution 8 which is the usual authority sought on an annual basis in line with guidance issued by The Investment Association. The authority sought in Resolution 9 will expire at the close of business on 30 June 2024 or  if earlier  at the conclusion of the AGM to be held in 2024.RESOLUTIONS 10 and 11: Disapplication of statutory pre-emption rights (special resolutions)Resolutions 10 and 11 are proposed as special resolutions which  if passed by shareholders  will enable the Directors to allot ordinary shares in the Company  and/or to sell any shares out of treasury  for cash  without first offering those shares to existing shareholders in proportion to their existing holdings.In November 2022  the Pre-Emption Group issued a revised Statement of Principles (the Revised Statement of Principles) which permits companies to seek authorities to issue equity securities for cash on a non-pre-emptive basis representing: (i) up to 10 per cent of a company’s issued ordinary share capital for use on an unrestricted basis (plus a further authority of up to 2 per cent of a company’s issued ordinary share capital to be used only for the purposes of making a follow-on offer of the kind contemplated by paragraph 3 of Section 2B of the Revised Statement of Principles); and (ii) up to an additional 10 per cent of a company’s issued ordinary share capital for use in connection with an acquisition or a specified capital investment  which is announced contemporaneously with the issue  or that has taken place in the preceding 12 month period and is disclosed in the announcement of the issue (plus a further authority of up to 2 per cent of a company’s issued ordinary share capital to be used only for the purposes of making a follow-on offer of the kind contemplated by paragraph 3 of Section 2B of the Revised Statement of Principles).Having considered the Revised Statement of Principles  the Board believes that the limits in the Company’s previous pre-emption disapplication authorities provide the Company with sufficient flexibility at this time. The Board will keep this matter under review and will consider whether to seek increased authorities up to the revised limits detailed in the Revised Statement of Principles in future years.Accordingly  the power set out in Resolution 10 would be limited to:allotments or sales in connection with pre-emptive offers and offers to holders of other equity securities if required by the rights of those securities  or as the Board otherwise considers necessary; andotherwise up to an aggregate nominal amount of £215 121.87 (representing 21 512 187 ordinary shares and 5 per cent of the Company’s issued ordinary share capital as at 23 March 2023 (being the latest practicable date before the publication of this document).In addition  Resolution 11 is intended to give the Company flexibility to make non-pre-emptive issues of ordinary shares in connection with acquisitions and other capital investments as contemplated by the Revised Statement of Principles. The power under Resolution 11 is in addition to that proposed by Resolution 10 and would be limited to allotments or sales of up to aggregate nominal amount £215 121.87 (representing 21 512 187 ordinary shares and 5 per cent of the Company’s issued ordinary share capital as at 23 March 2023 (being the latest practicable date before the publication of this document).If the Company makes a non-pre-emptive issue of ordinary shares for cash using the power conferred by Resolution 10 or Resolution 11 described above  the Directors confirm their intention to comply with the shareholder protections contained in Part 2B of the Revised Statement of Principles regarding how such an issue should be carried out.The authorities sought under Resolutions 10 and 11 will expire at close of business on 30 June 2024 or  if earlier  at the conclusion of the AGM to be held in 2024.RESOLUTION 12: Disapplication of statutory pre-emption rights in relation to the issue of Regulatory Capital Convertible Instruments (special resolution)Resolution 9 renews the Directors’ authority to allot shares or grant rights to subscribe for or convert any security into ordinary shares up to an aggregate nominal amount of £516 292.50 specifically in connection with the issue of Regulatory Capital Convertible Instruments. Resolution 12 proposes that the Directors be empowered to allot equity securities pursuant to that authority for cash  without first offering those equity securities to existing shareholders in proportion to their existing holdings. £516 292.50 is equivalent to approximately 12 per cent of the issued ordinary share capital of the Company as at 23 March 2023 (being the latest practicable date before the publication of this document).Renewing this Resolution will permit the Company the flexibility necessary to allot equity securities pursuant to any proposal to issue Regulatory Capital Convertible Instruments and  by virtue of such disapplication  without the need to comply with the pre-emption requirements of the UK statutory regime. Together with Resolution 9  Resolution 12 is intended to provide the Directors with the flexibility to issue Regulatory Capital Convertible Instruments which may convert into ordinary shares.Conditional upon the passing of Resolutions 9 and 12  the Directors would not expect to make use of Resolutions 8 and 10 to issue Regulatory Capital Convertible Instruments  however  they may do so  to the extent permissible  if deemed appropriate in light of capital requirements  market conditions and/or high demand. Any exercise of the authorities in Resolutions 8 and 10 (if passed) would be separate from  and in addition to  the exercise of powers under Resolutions 9 and 12 and would have the effect of diluting the interests of ordinary shareholders.RESOLUTION 13: Authority to purchase own shares (special resolution)The authority limits the maximum number of shares that could be purchased to 43 024 375 (representing approximately 10 per cent of the Company’s issued ordinary share capital as at 23 March 2023) and sets minimum and maximum prices at which shares may be purchased.This authority replaces the similar authority given to the Directors at the Annual General Meeting in 2022 and will expire at the close of business on 30 June 2024 or  if earlier  at the conclusion of the AGM to be held in 2024. A listed company purchasing its own shares may hold those shares in treasury and make them available for re-sale as an alternative to cancelling them. Accordingly  if this Resolution is passed  the Company will have the option of holding  as treasury shares  any of its own shares that it purchases pursuant to the authority conferred.This would give the Company the ability to sell treasury shares quickly and cost-effectively and provide the Company with additional flexibility in the management of its capital base. No dividends are paid and no voting rights are attached to shares held in treasury. The Company did not hold any shares in treasury as at 23 March 2023 (being the latest practicable date before the publication of this document). As at that date  there were 2 137 904 options to subscribe for ordinary shares in the capital of the Company  representing 0.50 per cent of the Company’s issued ordinary share capital. If the full authority conferred by this Resolution were to be exercised in full  these options would represent 0.55 per cent of the issued ordinary share capital of the Company.On 16 March 2023  the Company announced its intention to commence an ordinary share repurchase programme pursuant to the authority granted at last year’s AGM  in order to return up to £150 million to shareholders (the Share Repurchase Programme). The Share Repurchase Programme will help to deliver on the Company’s stated intention to deliver attractive and sustainable returns to shareholders across the cycle. It is the Company’s present intention for any repurchased ordinary shares to be cancelled and the Share Repurchase Programme is expected to complete by no later than 15 March 2024.The Directors regard having the flexibility to repurchase issued shares in suitable circumstances as an important part of the financial management of the Company. The Directors may consider exercising the authority to purchase the Company’s ordinary shares if market conditions and the Company’s financial position make this possible but will keep the matter under review. Shares would only be purchased if the Directors believed that to do so would result in an improvement in earnings per share and would be in the interests of shareholders generally. Any purchases of ordinary shares would be by means of market purchases on a recognised investment exchange and purchased shares would be cancelled (in which case the number of shares in issue would thereby be reduced) or  alternatively  held in treasury  depending on which course of action is considered by the Directors to be in the best interests of the shareholders at that time.RESOLUTION 14: Notice of general meetings (special resolution)The statutory notice period required for general meetings of the Company is at least 21 clear days unless shareholders approve a shorter notice period  which cannot  however  be less than 14 clear days (AGMs will continue to be held on at least 21 clear days’ notice). At last year’s AGM  shareholders passed a resolution enabling the Company to call general meetings  other than an AGM  on at least 14 clear days’ notice. This approval must be renewed at each AGM  so  in order to preserve this ability  Resolution 14 seeks such approval.It is intended that the shorter notice period would not be used as a matter of routine for such meetings but only where the flexibility is merited by the business of the meeting and is thought to be in the interests of shareholders as a whole. If given  the approval will be effective until the Company’s next AGM  when it is intended that a similar resolution will be proposed.NOTES1. The Company strongly encourages all shareholders to submit a proxy vote in advance of the AGM  appointing the Chairman of the meeting as their proxy rather than a named person. These notes to the Notice should be read in this context.2. Only persons entered on the Register of Members of the Company at 6.30 pm on Tuesday  9 May 2023 (or  if the AGM is adjourned  at 6.30 pm on the date which is two business days prior to the adjourned meeting) shall be entitled to attend and vote at the AGM oradjourned meeting. Changes to entries on the Register of Members after this time shall be disregarded in determining the rights of persons to attend or vote (and the number of votes they may cast) at the AGM or adjourned meeting.3. A shareholder entitled to attend and vote at the AGM may appoint another person as her/his proxy to exercise all or any of her/his rights to attend  speak and vote at the AGM. A shareholder can appoint more than one proxy in relation to the AGM  provided that each proxy is appointed to exercise the rights attached to a different share or shares held by that shareholder.4. A proxy does not need to be a shareholder of the Company but must attend the AGM to represent you. Your proxy could be the Chairman or another person who has agreed to attend to represent you. If you wish for a proxy to make any comments on your behalf at the AGM  you will need to appoint someone other than the Chairman of the meeting and give them the relevant instructions directly. Those submitting a Form of Proxy are strongly encouraged to appoint the Chairman of the meeting rather than a named person as their proxy. This will ensure that your vote will be counted even if ultimately you (or any other proxy you might otherwise appoint) are not able to attend the meeting. The valid appointment of a proxy does not prevent you from attending the AGM and voting in person.5. A shareholder who wishes to appoint a proxy should complete the Form of Proxy which accompanies this notice and includes full details of how to appoint a proxy. If you do not have a Form of Proxy and believe that you should have one  or if you require additional Forms of Proxy  please contact Equiniti’s helpline on 0371 384 2701 (+44 (0) 371 384 2701 if calling from overseas). Lines are open between 8.30 am and 5.30 pm Monday to Friday (excluding public holidays in England and Wales). Shareholders who hold their shares in uncertificated form may use ‘the CREST voting service’ to appoint a proxy electronically  as explained below.6. In order to be valid  a proxy appointment must be returned (together with any power of attorney or other authority under which it is executed or a copy of the authority certified in ink by a bank  a stockbroker or a solicitor) by one of the following methods:– in hard copy form by post  by courier or by hand to the Company’s registrar at the address shown on the Form of Proxy; or in the case of CREST members  by utilising the CREST voting service in accordance with the procedures set out in note 9 below.The appointment of a proxy in each case must formally be received by the Company’s registrar no later than 11 am on Tuesday  9 May 2023.You may also appoint your proxy electronically online at www.sharevote.co.uk where full instructions on the procedure are given. The Voting ID  Task ID and Shareholder Reference Number printed on the Form of Proxy will be required to use this electronic proxy appointment system. Alternatively  shareholders who have already registered with Equiniti Registrars’ online portfolio service  Shareview  can appoint their proxy electronically by logging on to their portfolio at www.shareview.co.uk using their user ID and password. Once logged in  click ‘view’ on the ‘My Investments’ page. Click on the link to vote and follow the on screen instructions.7. To change your proxy instructions you may return a new proxy appointment using the methods set out above. Where you have appointed a proxy using the hard copy Form of Proxy and would like to change the instructions using another hard copy Form of Proxy  please contact Equiniti at Aspect House  Spencer Road  Lancing  West Sussex BN99 8LU. The deadline for receipt of proxy appointments (see above) also applies in relation to amended instructions. Any attempt to terminate or amend a proxy appointment received after the relevant deadline will be disregarded. Where two or more valid but differing appointments of proxy are delivered or (in the case of appointments in electronic form) received in respect of the same share for use at the same meeting  the one which is last delivered or  as the case may be  received as aforesaid (regardless of its date  its date of sending or the date of its execution) shall be treated as replacing and revoking the other or others as regards that share. If the Company is unable to determine either which is last sent or which is last delivered or received  none of them shall be treated as valid in respect of the relevant share(s).In the case of joint holders  where more than one of the joint holders purports to appoint a proxy  only the appointment submitted by the most senior holder will be accepted. Seniority is determined by the order in which the names of the joint holders appear in the Company’s register of members in respect of the joint holding (the first-named being the most senior).8. A copy of this notice has been sent for information only  to Nominated Persons (that is  a person who has been nominated by a shareholder to enjoy information rights under section 146 of the Companies Act 2006). The rights to appoint a proxy cannot be exercised by a Nominated Person; they can only be exercised by a shareholder. However  a Nominated Person may have a right under an agreement with the shareholder by whom she or he was nominated to be appointed as a proxy for the AGM or to have someone else so appointed. If a Nominated Person does not have such a right or does not wish to exercise it  she or he may have a right under such an agreement to give instructions to the shareholder as to the exercise of voting rights.9. CREST members who wish to appoint a proxy or proxies by utilising the CREST electronic proxy appointment service may do so by utilising the procedures described in the CREST Manual  which can be viewed at www.euroclear.com. CREST personal members or other CREST sponsored members  and those CREST members who have appointed a voting service provider(s)  should refer to their CREST sponsor or voting service provider(s)  who will be able to take the appropriate action on their behalf. In order for a proxy appointment made by means of CREST to be valid  the appropriate CREST message (a CREST Proxy Instruction) must be properly authenticated in accordance with Euroclear’s specifications and must contain the information required for such instructions  as described in the CREST Manual. The message  regardless of whether it constitutes the appointment of a proxy or an amendment to the instruction given to a previously appointed proxy must  in order to be valid  be transmitted so as to be received by the issuer’s agent (ID number RA19) by 11 am on Tuesday  9 May 2023 (the latest time(s) for receipt of proxy appointments specified in this notice). For this purpose  the time of receipt will be taken to be the time (as determined by the timestamp applied to the message by the CREST Applications Host) from which the issuer’s agent is able to retrieve the message by enquiry to CREST in the manner prescribed by CREST. The Company may treat as invalid a CREST Proxy Instruction in the circumstances set out in the Uncertificated Securities Regulations 2001.10. CREST members and  where applicable  their CREST sponsors or voting service providers should note that Euroclear does not make available special procedures in CREST for any particular messages. Normal system timings and limitations will therefore apply in relation to the input of CREST Proxy Instructions. It is the responsibility of the CREST member concerned to take (or  if the CREST member is a CREST personal member or sponsored member or has appointed a voting service provider(s)  to procure that his CREST sponsor or voting service provider(s) take(s)) such action as shall be necessary to ensure that a message is transmitted by means of the CREST system by any particular time. In this connection  CREST members and  where applicable  their CREST sponsors or voting service providers are referred  in particular  to those sections of the CREST Manual concerning practical limitations of the CREST system and timings.11. Voting on all Resolutions will be conducted by way of a poll rather than a show of hands. This is a more transparent method of voting as shareholders’ votes (including the votes of those shareholders who are unable to attend but who have appointed a proxy for the meeting) are to be counted according to the number of shares held. As soon as practicable  following the AGM  the results of the voting will be announced via a Regulatory Information Service and also placed on the Company’s website: osb.co.uk/investors/shareholder-services/.12. Please note that the Company takes all reasonable precautions to ensure that no viruses are present in any electronic communication it sends out but the Company cannot accept responsibility for loss or damage arising from the opening or use of any email or attachments from the Company and recommends that shareholders subject all messages to virus checking procedures prior to use. Any electronic communication received by the Company  including the lodgment of an electronic proxy form  that is found to contain any virus will not be accepted.13. A shareholder of the Company  that is a corporation  may authorise a person or persons to act as its representative(s) at the AGM. In accordance with the provisions of the Companies Act 2006  each such representative may exercise (on behalf of the corporation) the same powers as the corporation could exercise if it were an individual shareholder of the Company  provided that they do not do so in relation to the same shares.14. Shareholders satisfying the thresholds in section 527 of the Companies Act 2006 can require the Company to publish a statement on its website setting out any matter relating to the audit of the Company’s accounts (including the Auditor’s report and the conduct of the audit) that are to be laid before the AGM and that the shareholders propose to raise at the AGM. The Company may not require the shareholders requesting the publication to pay its expenses. Any statement placed on the website must also be sent to the Company’s Auditor no later than the time it makes its statement available on the website. The business which may be dealt with at the AGM includes any statement that the Company has been required to publish on its website.15. Under section 319A of the Companies Act 2006  the Company must  subject to limited exceptions  answer any question relating to the business being dealt with at the AGM which is put by a shareholder attending the AGM. Information relating to the AGM which the Company is required by the Companies Act 2006 to publish on a website in advance of the meeting may be viewed at osb.co.uk/investors/ shareholder-services/. You may not use any electronic address provided in this notice to communicate with the Company for any purposes other than those expressly stated.16. Shareholders have the right to ask questions in relation to the business of the AGM but no answer need be given if (a) to do so would interfere unduly with the preparation for the AGM or involve the disclosure of confidential information  (b) the answer has already been given on a website in the form of an answer to a question  or (c) it is undesirable in the interests of the Company or the good order of the AGM that the question be answered. Shareholders wishing to raise any questions relating to the business of the AGM may do so by submitting them to the Company Secretariat ahead of the AGM at company.secretariat@osb.co.uk. You may submit questions until 11 am on Tuesday  9 May 2023 and the Company will endeavour to publish and maintain an appropriate summary of responses on the ‘AGM Information’ page of its website in advance of the AGM.17. Shareholders have the right to request  in accordance with section 360BA of the Companies Act 2006  information to enable them to determine that their vote on a poll was validly recorded and counted. Shareholders who wish to do so should contact Equiniti by phone on 0371 384 2701 (+44 (0) 371 384 2701 if calling from overseas) or by post at Aspect House  Spencer Road  Lancing  West Sussex BN99 8LU  in each case no later than 30 days following the date of this year’s AGM.18. As at 23 March 2023 (being the latest practicable date before the publication of this document)  the Company’s issued share capital consisted of 430 243 748 ordinary shares  carrying one vote each. The Company did not hold any shares in treasury at that date. Therefore  as at 23 March 2023 the total voting rights in the Company were 430 243 748.19. Copies of:this Notice;the Form of Proxy;the Directors letters of appointment and service agreements; andthe Company’s Annual Report and Accounts for the year ended 31 December 2022 are available for inspection at the Company’s registered office during normal business hours from the date of this Notice until the date of the AGM (excluding Saturdays  Sundays and public holidays) and will be available for inspection at the place of the AGM for at least 15 minutes prior to and after the AGM.20. The Company may process personal data of attendees at the AGM. This may include webcasts  photos  recording audio and video links  as well as other forms of personal data. The Company shall process such personal data in accordance with its privacy policy  which can be found at https://www.osb.co.uk/privacy-policy/APPENDIXDirector BiographiesName and appointment Committee membership Key skills Experience & qualifications Kal Atwal*Non-Executive DirectorKal was appointed to the Board on7 February 2023. Member of the Group Remuneration and People Committee. Kal Atwal has significant experience as a non-executive director across FTSE 100  FTSE 250 and Mutual businesses. She is a non-executive director at Admiral Financial Services Limited  Whitbread plc and WH Smith plc. Her committee experience includes being a member of Audit  Nomination  Remuneration  Risk and Capital Committees. Kal is an experienced strategy leader with international experience in start-up  scale-up  fintech and digital businesses. She began her career at EY on placement in Madrid  after which she held a number of operational and strategic roles with Southern Derbyshire Chamber and Northcliffe Media Ltd. She joined BGL Group when the company took over Bennetts  the motorcycle insurance business  where she held the position of Managing Director. She then became the founding Managing Director of comparethemarket.com  a division of BGL. Following her promotion to Group Director of BGL Limited  she was responsible for brand-led businesses  group strategy and corporate communications. Elizabeth Noël Member of the Group Noël has extensive experience Noël was appointed to the Board of CCFS in June 2017 Harwerth* Audit  Group Nomination in both the public sector with and was its Senior Independent Director from August Senior Independent and Governance  Group government bodies and the 2017. Noël is a non-executive director of Scotiabank DirectorNoël was appointed to Remuneration and People and Group RiskCommittees. private sector with global banking companies  whichbrings valuable insight to Europe plc. She is also a member of the UK Export Finance Board. She is a former non-executive directorof Sirius Minerals plc  Standard Life Aberdeen plc and the OSB Board and the position of Senior Independent Director in October 2019. Boardroom debate. RSA Insurance Group plc  prior to which she held a variety of senior roles with Citicorp for 15 years  latterly serving as the Chief Operating Officer of Citibank International plc. Noël has held non-executive roles with GE Capital Bank Limited  Sumitomo Mitsui Banking Corporation Europe Limited  Avocet Mining plc  Alent plc  Corus Group plc  Logica plc  The London Metal Exchange and Standard Life Assurance Limited. Sarah Hedger* Member of the Group Sarah has significant capital Sarah previously held leadership positions at General Non-Executive DirectorSarah was appointed Audit and Group Remuneration and PeopleCommittees. Sarah has management and mergers and acquisitions experience. Electric Company (GEC) for 12 years in its Corporate  Aviation and Capital business development teams leaving General Electric Company as Leader of to the OSB Board in been appointed as Chair Since joining the Board  Sarah Business Development and M&A for its global GE February 2019. of the Group Remuneration and People Committee with effect from the conclusion of the Annual General Meeting on 11 May 2023 and will also become a member of the Group Nomination and Governance Committee from the same date. has provided good challenge at Board and Committee meetings. Capital division. Prior to General Electric Company  Sarah worked at Lazard & Co. Limited for 11 years  leaving as Director  Corporate Finance and also spent five years as an auditor at PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP (PwC). She served as an Independent non- executive director of Balta Group NV  a Belgian company listed on Euronext  until December 2021 and as non-executive director of GE Money Bank AB for 3 years during her time at GEC. Rajan Kapoor* Chair of the Group Audit Rajan has wide-ranging Rajan was appointed to the Board of CCFS in Non-Executive DirectorRajan was appointed to Committee and memberof the Board Capital and Funding  Group experience of all aspects of banking including externalreporting  financial planning September 2016. He was Financial Controller of the Royal Bank of Scotland (RBS) Group and held anumber of senior finance positions during a 28-year the OSB Board and the Remuneration and and analysis  asset and liability career with RBS. Rajan is a Fellow of the Institute of position of Chair of the People  Group Risk and management  taxation and Chartered Accountants and of the Chartered Institute Group Audit Committee in October 2019. Group Models and Ratings Committees. stress testing. He also has extensive experience of financial and regulatory reporting in the UK and US with a strong background in internal financial controls  governance and compliance. of Bankers in Scotland.Name and appointment Committee membership Key skills Experience & qualifications Simon Walker* Member of the Group Simon has significant Simon has significant experience in financial services. Non-Executive DirectorSimon was appointed Audit  Group Risk  GroupModels and Ratings and Board Capital and experience in mortgages SME lending  risk management and regulation within the He joined KPMG in 1980 and was made a partner ofthe firm in 1992  going on to lead the firm’s National Building Societies and Mortgage Practice and to the Board on 4 January 2022. Funding Committees. Simon has been appointed as Chair of the Group Risk Committee with effect from the conclusion of the Annual General Meeting on 11May 2023. banking sector. subsequently became banking partner in Financial Risk Management. Simon graduated in Law from University College London and is a qualified chartered accountant. Simon is a non-executive directorof H&T Group plc. He was previously a non-executive director of Leeds Theatre Trust Limited and of IWP Holdings Ltd until 20 March 2023. David Weymouth Chair of the Board David uses his intricate David is also Chairman of Mizuho International Plc and ChairmanDavid was appointed to Capital and Funding andGroup Nomination and Governance Committees; knowledge of the financial services industry to guide andChair the Board effectively. Chair Elect of Pension Insurance Corporation plc.Other current non-executive directorships include Pension Insurance Corporation Group Limited and the OSB Board in September 2017 and held the position of Chairman until October 2019. He was re- appointed as Chairman on 4 February 2020. a member of the Group Remuneration and People Committee. Marsh Limited where he is Chair of the Risk Committee. David previously served as a non- executive director on the board of Bank of Ireland (UK) plc  Fidelity International Holdings (UK) Limited and the Royal London Mutual Insurance Society. David was previously Chief Information Officer at Barclays Bank plc and Chief Risk Officer at RSA Insurance Group plc. He sat on the Executive Committee of both companies. His experience as an executive includes a wide range of senior roles in operations  technology  risk and leadership. Andrew Golding Member of the Board Andy has over 30 years’ Prior to joining OSB  Andy was CEO of Saffron Building Chief Executive OfficerAndy was appointed Capital and Funding Committee. experience in financial services. Society  where he had been from 2004. Prior to that  he held senior positions at National Westminster Bankplc  John Charcol Limited and Bradford & Bingley plc. to the OSB Board in December 2011. Andy served as a non-executive director for Kreditech Holding SSL GmbH and Northamptonshire Healthcare NHS Foundation Trust. Andy is a director of the Building Societies Trust Limited. He served as a member of the Building Societies Association’s Council and the Financial Conduct Authority’s Smaller Business Practitioner Panel. Andy has an in-depth knowledge of the business and provides strong leadership and direction. April Talintyre Member of the Board April has broad financial April was previously an Executive Director in the Chief Financial OfficerApril joined OSB in Capital and Funding and Group Models andRatings Committees. services experience. She has been a member of the Instituteof Chartered Accountants in Rothesay Life pensions insurance business of Goldman Sachs Group and worked for Goldman SachsInternational for over 16 years  including as an May 2012 and was appointed to its Board in June 2012. England and Wales since 1992. Executive Director in the Controllers Division in London and New York. April began her career at KPMG LLP in a general audit department. April has a thorough knowledge of the business  particularly  of finance and risk areas.* Independent Non-Executive DirectorNOTESNOTESOSB GROUP PLCOSB House Quayside Chatham Maritime ChathamUnited Kingdom ME4 4QZ+44 (0)1634 835796www.osb.co.uk,neutral,0.05,0.95,0.0,positive,0.61,0.39,0.0,True,English,"['Notice', 'AGM', 'Charter Court Financial Services Group plc', 'high credit quality mortgage assets', 'strong balance sheet growth', 'other independent financial adviser', 'Charter Savings Bank brand', 'high growth potential', 'independent financial advisers', 'Financial Conduct Authority', 'Simone Selzer Notes', 'Prudential Regulation Authority', 'attractive risk-adjusted returns', 'private rented sector', 'breed automated technology', 'collateral risk control', 'ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING', 'London Stock Exchange', 'personal financial advice', 'efficient operating model', 'OSB GROUP PLC', 'London W1T 4EZ', 'Regulatory Information Service', 'residential development finance', 'skilled, bespoke underwriting', 'Kent Reliance name', 'Term Funding Scheme', 'risk management expertise', 'retail savings products', 'specialist residential lending', 'specialist residential mortgages', 'strong credit', 'mortgage servicing', 'Group Head', 'specialist lending', 'The Group', '2022 ANNUAL REPORT', 'other documents', 'other agent', 'asset finance', 'efficient processing', 'product development', 'specialist brokers', '90 Whitfield Street', 'current arrangements', 'Nickesha Graham-Burrell', 'Investor relations', 'Brunswick t', 'Robin Wrench', 'main market', 'FTSE 250 index', 'subsidiary businesses', 'two segments', 'market sub-sectors', 'leading position', 'semi-commercial mortgages', 'funding lines', 'postal channels', 'South East', 'securitisation programmes', 'additional incentives', 'Precise Mortgages', 'IMMEDIATE ATTENTION', 'United Kingdom', 'Markets Act', 'ordinary shares', 'Registered office', 'Dear Shareholder', 'specialist brands', 'OSB House', 'OneSavings Bank', 'bank manager', 'Company Secretariat', 'InterBay Commercial', 'company number', 'Chatham Maritime', 'The AGM', 'holding company', 'OSB.', 'LEI', 'NOTICE', 'DTR', 'shareholders', '31 March', 'copy', 'Fitzrovia', 'Thursday', 'May', 'changes', 'website', 'uk', 'announcement', 'Enquiries', 'Email', 'Editors', '1 February', 'June', '4 October', 'CCFS', '30 November', 'entity', 'part', 'England', 'platforms', 'capabilities', 'Intermediaries', 'online', 'network', 'branches', 'Diversification', 'SMEs', 'Let', 'administration', 'systems', 'speed', 'innovation', 'factors', 'doubt', 'action', 'stockbroker', 'solicitor', 'accountant', 'territory', 'purchaser', 'transferee', 'sale', 'transmission', 'enclosures', 'Wales', 'Quayside', 'ME4', 'CHAIRMAN', 'ACCOUNTS', '2023 ANNUA', '11']",2023-03-31,2023-04-01,globenewswire.com
21916,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/OSB-GROUP-PLC-16628852/news/Notice-of-AGM-43392652/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230331,MarketScreener,(marketscreener.com) LEI: 213800ZBKL9BHSL2K459 OSB GROUP PLC NOTICE OF ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING The following regulated information  disseminated pursuant to DTR 6.3.5  comprises the Notice of Annual General Meeting for 2023 which was sent to shareholders of th…,Homepage Equities United Kingdom London Stock Exchange OSB Group Plc News Summary OSB GB00BLDRH360 OSB GROUP PLC (OSB) Add to my list Report Report Delayed London Stock Exchange - 11:35:14 2023-03-31 am EDT 481.60 GBX +0.54% 03/31 Notice of AGM GL 03/31 Publication of 2022 Annual Report and Accounts and 2023 Notice of Annual General Meeting GL 03/31 OneSavingsBank plc - 2022 Annual Report and Accounts GL Summary Quotes Charts News Ratings Calendar Company Financials Consensus Revisions Funds Summary Most relevant All News Analyst Reco. Other languages Press Releases Official Publications Sector news Notice of AGM 03/31/2023 | 07:40am EDT Send by mail :Name : First name : From * : To * : (You can enter multiple email addresses separated by commas) Message : * Required fields LEI: 213800ZBKL9BHSL2K459 OSB GROUP PLC(the Company) NOTICE OF ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING The following regulated information  disseminated pursuant to DTR 6.3.5  comprises the Notice of Annual General Meeting (AGM) for 2023 which was sent to shareholders of the Company on 31 March 2023. A copy of the Notice of AGM is available at www.osb.co.uk The AGM will be held at 90 Whitfield Street  Fitzrovia  London W1T 4EZ on Thursday  11 May 2023 at 11 am. Should it become appropriate to revise the current arrangements for the AGM  any such changes will be notified to shareholders through our website (www.osb.co.uk) and  where appropriate  by announcement made by the Company to a Regulatory Information Service. Enquiries: OSB GROUP PLCNickesha Graham-BurrellGroup Head of Company Secretariat t: 01634 835 796 Investor relationsEmail: osbrelations@osb.co.uk t: 01634 838 973 Brunswick t: 020 7404 5959Robin Wrench / Simone Selzer Notes to EditorsAbout OSB GROUP PLCOSB began trading as a bank on 1 February 2011 and was admitted to the main market of the London Stock Exchange in June 2014 (OSB.L). OSB joined the FTSE 250 index in June 2015. On 4 October 2019  OSB acquired Charter Court Financial Services Group plc (CCFS) and its subsidiary businesses. On 30 November 2020  OSB GROUP PLC became the listed entity and holding company for the OSB Group. The Group provides specialist lending and retail savings and is authorised by the Prudential Regulation Authority  part of the Bank of England  and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority and Prudential Regulation Authority. The Group reports under two segments  OneSavings Bank and Charter Court Financial Services. OneSavings Bank OSB primarily targets market sub-sectors that offer high growth potential and attractive risk-adjusted returns in which it can take a leading position and where it has established expertise  platforms and capabilities. These include private rented sector Buy-to-Let  commercial and semi-commercial mortgages  residential development finance  bespoke and specialist residential lending  secured funding lines and asset finance. OSB originates mortgages organically via specialist brokers and independent financial advisers through its specialist brands including Kent Reliance for Intermediaries and InterBay Commercial. It is differentiated through its use of highly skilled  bespoke underwriting and efficient operating model. OSB is predominantly funded by retail savings originated through the long-established Kent Reliance name  which includes online and postal channels as well as a network of branches in the South East of England. Diversification of funding is currently provided by securitisation programmes and the Bank of England’s Term Funding Scheme with additional incentives for SMEs. Charter Court Financial Services Group CCFS focuses on providing Buy-to-Let and specialist residential mortgages  mortgage servicing  administration and retail savings products. It operates through its brands: Precise Mortgages and Charter Savings Bank. It is differentiated through risk management expertise and best-of-breed automated technology and systems  ensuring efficient processing  strong credit and collateral risk control and speed of product development and innovation. These factors have enabled strong balance sheet growth whilst maintaining high credit quality mortgage assets. CCFS is predominantly funded by retail savings originated through its Charter Savings Bank brand. Diversification of funding is currently provided by securitisation programmes and the Bank of England’s Term Funding Scheme with additional incentives for SMEs. THIS DOCUMENT IS IMPORTANT AND REQUIRES YOUR IMMEDIATE ATTENTION. If you are in any doubt as to what action you should take  you are recommended to seek your own personal financial advice immediately from your stockbroker  bank manager  solicitor  accountant or other independent financial adviser who  if you are taking advice in the United Kingdom  is duly authorised under the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000  or an appropriately authorised independent financial adviser  if you are in a territory outside the United Kingdom. If you have sold or transferred all of your ordinary shares in OSB GROUP PLC  please send this document and any other documents that accompany it as soon as possible to the purchaser or transferee or to the stockbroker  bank or other agent through whom the sale or transfer was effected for transmission to the purchaser or transferee. If you have sold or otherwise transferred only part of your holding  you should retain this document and its enclosures. Notice of Annual General Meeting OSB GROUP PLC (incorporated and registered in England and Wales under company number 11976839. Registered office: OSB House  Quayside  Chatham Maritime  Chatham  United Kingdom  ME4 4QZ) Notice of Annual General Meeting on Thursday  11 May 2023 at 11 amat 90 Whitfield Street  Fitzrovia  London W1T 4EZ LETTER FROM THE CHAIRMAN Dear Shareholder 31 March 2023 2022 ANNUAL REPORT AND ACCOUNTS AND 2023 ANNUAL GENERAL MEETINGI am pleased to inform you that the Annual Report and Accounts for the year ended 31 December 2022 and the Notice of the 2023 Annual General Meeting of OSB GROUP PLC (the Company) have now been published. A copy of the 2022 Annual Report and Accounts is enclosed with this document  together with a Form of Proxy to enable you to exercise your voting rights at the 2023 Annual General Meeting (AGM). The AGM will be held at 90 Whitfield Street  Fitzrovia  London W1T 4EZ on Thursday  11 May 2023 at 11 am. The formal notice of the AGM is set out on pages 3 to 5 of this document and contains the proposed resolutions (the Resolutions). Explanatory notes to the business to be considered are set out from page 6 of this document. You would have seen our declaration of a special dividend to be paid on the same date as the final dividend. The special dividend is not required to be included within this Notice of AGM. VOTING AT THE AGMI will  once again  be inviting you to vote on all Resolutions at the AGM by way of a poll rather than on a show of hands. Poll voting is in line with practice adopted by many UK public companies and provides a more transparent method of voting. It will result in a more accurate reflection of the views of shareholders by ensuring that every vote is recognised  including the votes of those shareholders who are unable to attend but who have appointed a proxy for the meeting. On a poll  each shareholder has one vote for every share held. I would encourage shareholders to exercise their right to vote; this will ensure that your vote will be counted if ultimately you (or any other proxy you might otherwise appoint) are not able to attend the meeting. Instructions for completing the Form of Proxy are outlined below. The valid appointment of a proxy does not prevent you from attending the AGM and voting in person. ACTION TO BE TAKENPlease complete and return the enclosed Form of Proxy so that it is received by the Company’s Registrar  Equiniti  by no later than 11 am on Tuesday  9 May 2023. If you are a member of CREST  you may submit a proxy appointment electronically through the CREST voting service. Further details are set out in the Notes section on pages 10 to 11. The results of voting on the Resolutions will be announced via a Regulatory Information Service and posted on the Company’s website following the conclusion of the AGM. RECOMMENDATIONThe Directors recommend that shareholders vote in favour of each of the Resolutions at the AGM. The Board considers that the Resolutions are in the best interests of the Company’s shareholders as a whole and will promote the success of the Company for their benefit. The Directors intend to vote in favour of the Resolutions in respect of their own beneficial shareholdings in the Company (save in respect of those Resolutions in which they are interested). Should it become appropriate to revise the current arrangements for the AGM  any such changes will be notified to shareholders through our website (www.osb.co.uk) and  where appropriate  by an announcement made by the Company to a Regulatory Information Service. Yours faithfully David WeymouthChairman NOTICE OF ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING Notice is hereby given that the Annual General Meeting of OSB GROUP PLC (the Company) will be held at 90 Whitfield Street  Fitzrovia  London W1T 4EZ on Thursday  11 May 2023 at 11 am to consider and  if thought fit  pass the following Resolutions. Resolutions 1 to 9 will be proposed as ordinary resolutions. Resolutions 10 to 14 will be proposed as special resolutions. 1. To receive the audited financial statements and the Auditor’s and Directors’ Reports for the year ended 31 December 2022.2. To approve the Directors’ Remuneration Report (excluding the Directors’ Remuneration Policy) for the year ended 31 December 2022.3. To declare a final dividend of 21.8 pence per ordinary share in respect of the year ended 31 December 2022.4. Election and re-election of Directors.To elect the following individual as a Director of the Company: Independent Non-Executive Director (a) Kal AtwalTo re-elect by separate resolutions each of the following individuals as a Director of the Company: Independent Non-Executive Directors (b) Elizabeth Noël Harwerth(c) Sarah Hedger(d) Rajan Kapoor(e) Simon WalkerNon-Executive Director (f) David WeymouthExecutive Directors (g) Andrew Golding(h) April Talintyre5. To re-appoint Deloitte LLP as the Auditor of the Company.6. To authorise the Group Audit Committee to agree the remuneration of the Auditor.7. To authorise  in accordance with sections 366 and 367 of the Companies Act 2006 (the Act)  the Company and all companies that are its subsidiaries to:make political donations to political parties and/or independent election candidates;make political donations to political organisations other than political parties; andincur political expenditure;up to an aggregate total amount of £50 000  with the amount authorised for each of heads (a) to (c) above being limited to the same total. This authority shall expire at the close of business on 30 June 2024 or  if earlier  at the conclusion of the AGM of the Company to be held in 2024. For the purposes of this authority the terms ‘political donation’  ‘political parties’  ‘independent election candidates’  ‘political organisation’ and ‘political expenditure’ have the meanings given by sections 363 to 365 of the Act as at the date of this notice of meeting. 8. That the Directors are generally and unconditionally authorised pursuant to and in accordance with section 551 of the Companies Act 2006 (the Act) to exercise all the powers of the Company to allot shares in the Company and to grant rights to subscribe for  or to convert any security into  shares in the Company (Rights):up to a maximum aggregate nominal amount of £1 434 146.62 (representing 143 414 662 ordinary shares); andcomprising equity securities (within the meaning of section 560 of the Act) up to a further maximum aggregate nominal amount of£1 434 146.62 (representing 143 414 662 ordinary shares) in connection with a pre-emptive offer (including an offer by way of a rights issue or open offer): (i) to ordinary shareholders in proportion (as nearly as may be practicable) to their existing holdings; and(ii) to the holders of other equity securities  as required by the rights of those securities or as the Directors otherwise consider necessary; and subject to such exclusions or other arrangements as the Directors may deem necessary or expedient to deal with treasury shares  fractional entitlements  record dates or legal  regulatory or practical problems arising under the laws or the requirements of any regulatory body or stock exchange in any territory or by virtue of shares being represented by depositary receipts or any other matter. This authority shall expire at the close of business on 30 June 2024 or  if earlier  at the conclusion of the Annual General Meeting of the Company to be held in 2024  save that the Company shall be entitled to make offers or agreements before the expiry of such authority which would or might require shares to be allotted or Rights to be granted after such expiry and the Directors shall be entitled to allot shares and grant Rights pursuant to any such offer or agreement as if this authority had not expired; and all authorities vested in the Directors on the date of the notice of this meeting to allot shares and grant Rights that remain unexercised at the commencement of this meeting are hereby revoked. 9. That  in addition to the authority contained in Resolution 8 in the notice of this meeting  the Directors are generally and unconditionally authorised pursuant to and in accordance with section 551 of the Companies Act 2006 (the Act) to exercise all the powers of the Company to allot shares in the Company and to grant rights to subscribe for  or to convert any security into  shares in the Company:up to a maximum aggregate nominal amount of £516 292.50 (representing 51 629 250 ordinary shares) in relation to the issue of Regulatory Capital Convertible Instruments; andsubject to applicable law and regulation  at such conversion prices (or such maximum or minimum conversion prices or conversion price methodologies) as may be determined by the Directors of the Company from time to time.This authority shall expire at the close of business on 30 June 2024 or  if earlier  at the conclusion of the Annual General Meeting of the Company to be held in 2024  save that the Company shall be entitled to make offers or agreements before the expiry of such authority  which would or might require shares to be allotted or rights to be granted after such expiry and the Directors may allot shares and grant rights to subscribe for or to convert any security into shares  in pursuance of any such offer or agreement as if the authority hadnot expired. 10. That  subject to the passing of Resolution 8 in the notice of this meeting  the Board be given power to allot equity securities (as defined in the Companies Act 2006) for cash under the authority given by that resolution and/or to sell ordinary shares held by the Company as treasury shares for cash as if section 561 of the Companies Act 2006 did not apply to any such allotment or sale  such power to be limited:a. to the allotment of equity securities and sale of treasury shares in connection with an offer of  or invitation to apply for  equity securities (but in the case of the authority granted under paragraph (b) of Resolution 8 in the notice of this meeting  by way of a pre-emptive offer (including an offer by way of a rights issue or open offer) only):(i) to ordinary shareholders in proportion (as nearly as may be practicable) to their existing holdings; and(ii) to holders of other equity securities  as required by the rights of those securities  or as the Board otherwise considers necessary; and so that the Board may impose any limits or restrictions and make any arrangements which it considers necessary or appropriate to deal with treasury shares  fractional entitlements  record dates  legal  regulatory or practical problems in  or under the laws of  any territory or any other matter; and b. in the case of the authority granted under paragraph (a) and/or in the case of any sale of treasury shares  to the allotment of equity securities or sale of treasury shares (otherwise than under paragraph (a) above) up to a nominal amount of £215 121.87.Such power shall apply until the end of next year’s AGM (or  if earlier  until the close of business on 30 June 2024) but  in each case  during this period the Company may make offers  and enter into agreements  which would  or might  require equity securities to be allotted (and treasury shares to be sold) after the power ends and the Board may allot equity securities (and sell treasury shares) under any such offer or agreement as if the power had not ended. 11. That  subject to the passing of Resolution 8 in the notice of this meeting  the Board be given the power in addition to any power granted under Resolution 10 in the notice of this meeting  to allot equity securities (as defined in the Companies Act 2006) for cash under the authority granted under paragraph (a) of Resolution 8 in the notice of this meeting and/or to sell ordinary shares held by the Company as treasury shares for cash as if section 561 of the Companies Act 2006 did not apply to any such allotment or sale  such power to be limited to the allotment of equity securities or sale of treasury shares up to a nominal amount of £215 121.87  such power to be used only for the purposes of financing a transaction which the Board of the Company determines to be either an acquisition or a specified capital investment of a kind contemplated by the Statement of Principles on Disapplying Pre-Emption Rights most recently published by thePre-Emption Group prior to the date of this notice or for the purposes of refinancing such a transaction within 12 months of its taking place. Such power shall apply until the end of next year’s AGM (or  if earlier  until the close of business on 30 June 2024) but  in each case  during this period the Company may make offers  and enter into agreements  which would  or might  require equity securities to be allotted (and treasury shares to be sold) after the power ends and the Board may allot equity securities (and sell treasury shares) under any such offer or agreement as if the power had not ended. 12. That  subject to the passing of Resolution 9 in the notice of this meeting and in addition to the powers contained in Resolutions 10 and 11 in the notice of this meeting  the Directors are empowered pursuant to sections 570 and 573 of the Companies Act 2006 (the Act) to allot equity securities (within the meaning of section 560 of the Act) for cash either pursuant to the authority conferred by Resolution 9 in the notice of this meeting and/or by way of a sale of treasury shares as if section 561 of the Act did not apply to any such allotment or sale.Such power shall expire on the revocation or expiry (unless renewed) of the authority conferred on the Directors by Resolution 9 in the notice of this meeting  save that the Company shall be entitled to make offers or agreements before the expiry of such power which would or might require equity securities to be allotted after such expiry and the Directors shall be entitled to allot equity securities pursuant to any such offer or agreement as if the power conferred hereby had not expired. 13. That the Company is generally and unconditionally authorised for the purpose of section 701 of the Companies Act 2006 (the Act) to make market purchases (within the meaning of section 693(4) of the Act) of ordinary shares in the capital of the Company on such terms and in such manner as the Directors may from time to time determine  provided that: a. the maximum aggregate number of ordinary shares hereby authorised to be acquired is 43 024 375; b. the minimum price (excluding expenses) which may be paid for any such share is its nominal value;c. the maximum price (excluding expenses) which may be paid for any such share is the higher of (i) an amount equal to 5 per cent above the average of the middle market quotations for an ordinary share in the Company as derived from The London Stock Exchange Daily Official List for the 5 business days immediately preceding the day on which such share is contracted to be purchased; and (ii) the higher of the price of the last independent trade of an ordinary share and the highest current independent bid for an ordinary share in the Company on the trading venues where the market purchases by the Company is carried out;d. the authority hereby conferred shall expire at the close of business on 30 June 2024 or  if earlier  at the conclusion of the Annual General Meeting of the Company to be held in 2024 unless previously renewed  varied or revoked by the Company in general meeting; and e. the Company may  before this authority expires  make a contract to purchase its ordinary shares which would or might be executed wholly or partly after the expiry of this authority  and may purchase its ordinary shares pursuant to it as if this authority hadnot expired. 14. That a general meeting of the Company  other than an Annual General Meeting  may be called on not less than 14 clear days’ notice.By Order of the Board Jason ElphickGroup General Counsel and Company Secretary 31 March 2023 Registered Office: OSB House Quayside Chatham Maritime ChathamUnited Kingdom ME4 4QZ EXPLANATORY NOTES Information about the business to be considered at the AGM is set out below. These explanatory notes should be read in conjunction with the 2022 Annual Report and Accounts. This Notice of AGM and the 2022 Annual Report and Accounts are available at www.osb.co.uk. For the purpose of this Notice  the issued share capital of the Company with voting rights on 23 March 2023  being the latest practicable date prior to the printing of this document  was 430 243 748 ordinary shares of £0.01 each. RESOLUTION 1: 2022 Annual Report and Accounts (ordinary resolution)The Directors of the Company present the Directors’ reports  the Auditor’s report and the audited financial statements of the Company for the financial year ended 31 December 2022 (the 2022 Annual Report and Accounts) to the AGM as required by the Companies Act 2006. The Company proposes an ordinary resolution to receive the 2022 Annual Report and Accounts and  accordingly  shareholders have the opportunity to raise any questions on those documents under this Resolution. RESOLUTION 2: Directors’ Remuneration Report (excluding the Remuneration Policy) for the year ended 31 December 2022 (ordinary resolution)In accordance with the Companies Act 2006  shareholders are invited to approve the Directors’ Remuneration Report for the year ended 31 December 2022. This consists of the Annual Statement from the Chair of the Group Remuneration and People Committee and the Annual Report on Remuneration  which may be found on pages 142 to 156 of the 2022 Annual Report and Accounts. It details the Directors’ remuneration for the year ended 31 December 2022 and sets out the way in which the Company intends to implement the Directors’ Remuneration Policy in 2023. The Auditor has audited those parts of the Directors’ Remuneration Report required to be audited and its report can be found on pages 169 to 178 of the 2022 Annual Report and Accounts. For the purposes of this Resolution  the Directors’ Remuneration Report does not include the Directors’ Remuneration Policy. The vote on Resolution 2 is advisory only and the Directors’ entitlement to remuneration is not conditional on it being passed. The Companies Act 2006 requires the Directors’ Remuneration Policy to be put to shareholders for approval annually unless the approved policy remains unchanged  in which case it need only be put to shareholders for approval at least every three years. The Company is not proposing any changes to the Directors’ Remuneration Policy that was approved at the Annual General Meeting in 2022. RESOLUTION 3: Final dividend (ordinary resolution)A final dividend of 21.8 pence per ordinary share has been recommended by the Board for the year ended 31 December 2022 and  if approved by shareholders  will be paid on 17 May 2023 to all shareholders on the register at the close of business on 24 March 2023. RESOLUTIONS 4 (a) to (h): Election and re-election of Directors (ordinary resolutions)Resolution 4(a) relates to the election of a Director. Kal Atwal is standing for election as an Independent Non-Executive Director having been appointed to the Board of Directors with effect from 7 February 2023. Resolutions 4(b) to (h) relate to the retirement and re-election of the Company’s Directors. The Company’s articles of association require each Director to retire at the AGM. This is in line with best practice recommendations of the Financial Reporting Council’s UK Corporate Governance Code. The Board has confirmed  following a performance review  that each of the Directors standing for re-election continues to be an effective member of the Board  to make a positive contribution and to demonstrate commitment to his or her role. The Board believes that the considerable and wide-ranging experience of the Directors will continue to be invaluable to the Company. The Board considers that Kal Atwal has and will continue to make a valuable contribution to the Board and that she has sufficient time to devote to the Company’s affairs. The appointment of Kal Atwal has been recommended by the Group Nomination and Governance Committee. The biographies of Directors can be found in the Appendix to this document and also on the Company’s website www.osb.co.uk. RESOLUTIONS 5 AND 6: Re-appointment and remuneration of the Auditor (ordinary resolutions)The Company is required to appoint an auditor at each general meeting at which accounts are laid before the Company  to hold office until the conclusion of the next such meeting. The Group Audit Committee has recommended to the Board  the re-appointment of Deloitte LLP as Auditor of the Company and  has confirmed to the Board that its recommendation is free from third party influence and that no restrictive contractual provisions have been imposed on the Company limiting the choice of auditor. Resolution 5 proposes the re-appointment of Deloitte LLP as the Auditor of the Company and Resolution 6 authorises the Group Audit Committee to agree the Auditor’s remuneration. RESOLUTION 7: Authority to make political donations (ordinary resolution)Section 368 of the Companies Act 2006 (the Act) prohibits companies from making political donations exceeding £5 000 in aggregate in any 12-month period to (i) political parties  (ii) other political organisations and (iii) independent election candidates  and from incurring political expenditure  without shareholder approval. In line with the Group’s policy  neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries made any political donations nor incurred any political expenditure during 2022. It is not proposed or intended to alter this policy. However  some of the Group’s activities may potentially fall within the wide definitions of ‘political donation’ or ‘political expenditure’ in the Act and  without the necessary statutory authorisation  the Group’s ability to communicate its views effectively to political audiences and to relevant interest groups could be inhibited. Such activities may include briefings at receptions or conferences – when the Group seeks to communicate its views on issues vital to its business interests – including  for example  conferences of a party political nature or of special interest groups in specific areas. Accordingly  the Company believes that the authority contained in this Resolution is necessary to allow it and its subsidiaries to fund activities which it is in the interests of shareholders that the Company should support. Such authority will enable the Company and its subsidiaries to be sure that they do not  because of any uncertainty as to the bodies or the activities covered by the Companies Act 2006  unintentionally commit a technical breach of the statutes. Any political donation made or expenditure incurred under authority of this Resolution will be disclosed in next year’s Annual Report and Accounts. This authority replaces the similar authority given to the Directors at the Annual General Meeting in 2022 and will expire at close of business on 30 June 2024 or  if earlier  at the conclusion of the Annual General Meeting of the Company to be held in 2024. RESOLUTION 8: Directors’ authority to allot shares (ordinary resolution)The Directors currently have a general authority to allot new ordinary shares in the capital of the Company and to grant rights to subscribe for  or convert any securities into  shares. This authority is  however  due to expire at the AGM and the Board would like to renew it to provide the Directors with flexibility to allot new shares and grant rights up until the Company’s next AGM within the limits prescribed by The Investment Association. The Investment Association’s guidelines on Directors’ authority to allot shares state that the Association’s members will regard as routine any proposal at a general meeting to seek a general authority to allot an amount up to two-thirds of the existing share capital  provided that any amount in excess of one-third of the existing share capital is applied to a fully pre-emptive offer (including an offer by way of a rights issue or open offer) only. Accordingly  if passed  this resolution will authorise the Directors to allot (or grant rights over) new shares in the Company: (i) under an open offer or in other situations (including a rights issue) up to an aggregate nominal amount of £1 434 146.62 (representing approximately one-third of the Company’s issued ordinary share capital); and (ii) under a fully pre-emptive offer (including an offer by way of a rights issue or open offer) only  up to a further aggregate nominal amount of £1 434 146.62 (representing approximately one-third of the Company’s issued ordinary share capital). In each case  the reference to the Company’s issued ordinary share capital is to the issued ordinary share capital as at 23 March 2023 (being the latest practicable date prior to publication of this document). If passed  this authority will expire at the close of business on 30 June 2024 or  if earlier  at the conclusion of the AGM to be held in 2024.The Directors have no present intention of exercising this authority  however  the Board considers it prudent to maintain the flexibility that it provides to enable the Directors to respond to any appropriate opportunities that may arise. The Company did not hold any shares in treasury as at 23 March 2023. RESOLUTION 9: Directors’ authority to allot shares in relation to the issue of Regulatory Capital Convertible Instruments (ordinary resolution)This Resolution renews the Directors’ authority to allot shares or grant rights to subscribe for or convert any security into ordinary shares up to an aggregate nominal amount of £516 292.50  in connection with the issue of ‘Regulatory Capital Convertible Instruments’. Regulatory Capital Convertible Instruments are any securities to be issued by the Company or any member of the Group  or by a Company outside of the Group with the consent of the Company or a member of the Group and which are intended on issue to form all or part of a type or class of securities  the terms of which are eligible to meet any Regulatory Capital Requirements and which are: convertible into or exchangeable for ordinary shares of the Company; orissued together with share warrants relating to ordinary shares of the Company;and in each case  which grant to  or require  the holder of such security and/or its nominee a right or obligation (as applicable) to subscribe for such ordinary shares following a specified event relating to an actual or prospective adverse change in the capital position or viability of the Company  any member of the Group or the Group as a whole or any other event specified in the Regulatory Capital Requirements and otherwise on such terms as may be determined by the Directors of the Company or a Committee thereof upon issue. The Board believes it is in the best interests of the Company to have the flexibility to issue Regulatory Capital Convertible Instruments at any time and from time to time. The authority sought in this Resolution will be used as considered desirable to comply with or maintain compliance with such Regulatory Capital Requirements or targets applicable to the Company. Regulatory Capital Requirements are specified by the Prudential Regulation Authority or such other authority having primary supervisory authority with respect to the Company from time to time in relation to the margin of solvency  capital resources  capital  contingent capital or buffer capital of the Company  a member of the Group or the Group taken as a whole. The Company intends to seek to renew authority for the issuance of such Regulatory Capital Convertible Instruments on an annual basis. The amount of this authority is  in aggregate  equivalent to approximately 12 per cent of the issued ordinary share capital of the Company as at 23 March 2023 (being the latest practicable date before the publication of this document). No ordinary shares were held in treasury as at that date. Resolutions 9 and 12 are intended to provide the Directors with the flexibility to authorise the issue of Regulatory Capital Convertible Instruments which contain contractual debt to equity conversion features. The Resolutions are not intended to provide authority for any future UK statutory conversion requirements as may become part of UK national law in the future  for which such authority would not be required. The authority sought in Resolution 9 is separate and distinct from the authority sought in Resolution 8 which is the usual authority sought on an annual basis in line with guidance issued by The Investment Association. The authority sought in Resolution 9 will expire at the close of business on 30 June 2024 or  if earlier  at the conclusion of the AGM to be held in 2024. RESOLUTIONS 10 and 11: Disapplication of statutory pre-emption rights (special resolutions)Resolutions 10 and 11 are proposed as special resolutions which  if passed by shareholders  will enable the Directors to allot ordinary shares in the Company  and/or to sell any shares out of treasury  for cash  without first offering those shares to existing shareholders in proportion to their existing holdings. In November 2022  the Pre-Emption Group issued a revised Statement of Principles (the Revised Statement of Principles) which permits companies to seek authorities to issue equity securities for cash on a non-pre-emptive basis representing: (i) up to 10 per cent of a company’s issued ordinary share capital for use on an unrestricted basis (plus a further authority of up to 2 per cent of a company’s issued ordinary share capital to be used only for the purposes of making a follow-on offer of the kind contemplated by paragraph 3 of Section 2B of the Revised Statement of Principles); and (ii) up to an additional 10 per cent of a company’s issued ordinary share capital for use in connection with an acquisition or a specified capital investment  which is announced contemporaneously with the issue  or that has taken place in the preceding 12 month period and is disclosed in the announcement of the issue (plus a further authority of up to 2 per cent of a company’s issued ordinary share capital to be used only for the purposes of making a follow-on offer of the kind contemplated by paragraph 3 of Section 2B of the Revised Statement of Principles). Having considered the Revised Statement of Principles  the Board believes that the limits in the Company’s previous pre-emption disapplication authorities provide the Company with sufficient flexibility at this time. The Board will keep this matter under review and will consider whether to seek increased authorities up to the revised limits detailed in the Revised Statement of Principles in future years. Accordingly  the power set out in Resolution 10 would be limited to: allotments or sales in connection with pre-emptive offers and offers to holders of other equity securities if required by the rights of those securities  or as the Board otherwise considers necessary; andotherwise up to an aggregate nominal amount of £215 121.87 (representing 21 512 187 ordinary shares and 5 per cent of the Company’s issued ordinary share capital as at 23 March 2023 (being the latest practicable date before the publication of this document).In addition  Resolution 11 is intended to give the Company flexibility to make non-pre-emptive issues of ordinary shares in connection with acquisitions and other capital investments as contemplated by the Revised Statement of Principles. The power under Resolution 11 is in addition to that proposed by Resolution 10 and would be limited to allotments or sales of up to aggregate nominal amount £215 121.87 (representing 21 512 187 ordinary shares and 5 per cent of the Company’s issued ordinary share capital as at 23 March 2023 (being the latest practicable date before the publication of this document). If the Company makes a non-pre-emptive issue of ordinary shares for cash using the power conferred by Resolution 10 or Resolution 11 described above  the Directors confirm their intention to comply with the shareholder protections contained in Part 2B of the Revised Statement of Principles regarding how such an issue should be carried out. The authorities sought under Resolutions 10 and 11 will expire at close of business on 30 June 2024 or  if earlier  at the conclusion of the AGM to be held in 2024. RESOLUTION 12: Disapplication of statutory pre-emption rights in relation to the issue of Regulatory Capital Convertible Instruments (special resolution)Resolution 9 renews the Directors’ authority to allot shares or grant rights to subscribe for or convert any security into ordinary shares up to an aggregate nominal amount of £516 292.50 specifically in connection with the issue of Regulatory Capital Convertible Instruments. Resolution 12 proposes that the Directors be empowered to allot equity securities pursuant to that authority for cash  without first offering those equity securities to existing shareholders in proportion to their existing holdings. £516 292.50 is equivalent to approximately 12 per cent of the issued ordinary share capital of the Company as at 23 March 2023 (being the latest practicable date before the publication of this document). Renewing this Resolution will permit the Company the flexibility necessary to allot equity securities pursuant to any proposal to issue Regulatory Capital Convertible Instruments and  by virtue of such disapplication  without the need to comply with the pre-emption requirements of the UK statutory regime. Together with Resolution 9  Resolution 12 is intended to provide the Directors with the flexibility to issue Regulatory Capital Convertible Instruments which may convert into ordinary shares. Conditional upon the passing of Resolutions 9 and 12  the Directors would not expect to make use of Resolutions 8 and 10 to issue Regulatory Capital Convertible Instruments  however  they may do so  to the extent permissible  if deemed appropriate in light of capital requirements  market conditions and/or high demand. Any exercise of the authorities in Resolutions 8 and 10 (if passed) would be separate from  and in addition to  the exercise of powers under Resolutions 9 and 12 and would have the effect of diluting the interests of ordinary shareholders. RESOLUTION 13: Authority to purchase own shares (special resolution)The authority limits the maximum number of shares that could be purchased to 43 024 375 (representing approximately 10 per cent of the Company’s issued ordinary share capital as at 23 March 2023) and sets minimum and maximum prices at which shares may be purchased. This authority replaces the similar authority given to the Directors at the Annual General Meeting in 2022 and will expire at the close of business on 30 June 2024 or  if earlier  at the conclusion of the AGM to be held in 2024. A listed company purchasing its own shares may hold those shares in treasury and make them available for re-sale as an alternative to cancelling them. Accordingly  if this Resolution is passed  the Company will have the option of holding  as treasury shares  any of its own shares that it purchases pursuant to the authority conferred. This would give the Company the ability to sell treasury shares quickly and cost-effectively and provide the Company with additional flexibility in the management of its capital base. No dividends are paid and no voting rights are attached to shares held in treasury. The Company did not hold any shares in treasury as at 23 March 2023 (being the latest practicable date before the publication of this document). As at that date  there were 2 137 904 options to subscribe for ordinary shares in the capital of the Company  representing 0.50 per cent of the Company’s issued ordinary share capital. If the full authority conferred by this Resolution were to be exercised in full  these options would represent 0.55 per cent of the issued ordinary share capital of the Company. On 16 March 2023  the Company announced its intention to commence an ordinary share repurchase programme pursuant to the authority granted at last year’s AGM  in order to return up to £150 million to shareholders (the Share Repurchase Programme). The Share Repurchase Programme will help to deliver on the Company’s stated intention to deliver attractive and sustainable returns to shareholders across the cycle. It is the Company’s present intention for any repurchased ordinary shares to be cancelled and the Share Repurchase Programme is expected to complete by no later than 15 March 2024. The Directors regard having the flexibility to repurchase issued shares in suitable circumstances as an important part of the financial management of the Company. The Directors may consider exercising the authority to purchase the Company’s ordinary shares if market conditions and the Company’s financial position make this possible but will keep the matter under review. Shares would only be purchased if the Directors believed that to do so would result in an improvement in earnings per share and would be in the interests of shareholders generally. Any purchases of ordinary shares would be by means of market purchases on a recognised investment exchange and purchased shares would be cancelled (in which case the number of shares in issue would thereby be reduced) or  alternatively  held in treasury  depending on which course of action is considered by the Directors to be in the best interests of the shareholders at that time. RESOLUTION 14: Notice of general meetings (special resolution)The statutory notice period required for general meetings of the Company is at least 21 clear days unless shareholders approve a shorter notice period  which cannot  however  be less than 14 clear days (AGMs will continue to be held on at least 21 clear days’ notice). At last year’s AGM  shareholders passed a resolution enabling the Company to call general meetings  other than an AGM  on at least 14 clear days’ notice. This approval must be renewed at each AGM  so  in order to preserve this ability  Resolution 14 seeks such approval. It is intended that the shorter notice period would not be used as a matter of routine for such meetings but only where the flexibility is merited by the business of the meeting and is thought to be in the interests of shareholders as a whole. If given  the approval will be effective until the Company’s next AGM  when it is intended that a similar resolution will be proposed. NOTES 1. The Company strongly encourages all shareholders to submit a proxy vote in advance of the AGM  appointing the Chairman of the meeting as their proxy rather than a named person. These notes to the Notice should be read in this context. 2. Only persons entered on the Register of Members of the Company at 6.30 pm on Tuesday  9 May 2023 (or  if the AGM is adjourned  at 6.30 pm on the date which is two business days prior to the adjourned meeting) shall be entitled to attend and vote at the AGM oradjourned meeting. Changes to entries on the Register of Members after this time shall be disregarded in determining the rights of persons to attend or vote (and the number of votes they may cast) at the AGM or adjourned meeting. 3. A shareholder entitled to attend and vote at the AGM may appoint another person as her/his proxy to exercise all or any of her/his rights to attend  speak and vote at the AGM. A shareholder can appoint more than one proxy in relation to the AGM  provided that each proxy is appointed to exercise the rights attached to a different share or shares held by that shareholder. 4. A proxy does not need to be a shareholder of the Company but must attend the AGM to represent you. Your proxy could be the Chairman or another person who has agreed to attend to represent you. If you wish for a proxy to make any comments on your behalf at the AGM  you will need to appoint someone other than the Chairman of the meeting and give them the relevant instructions directly. Those submitting a Form of Proxy are strongly encouraged to appoint the Chairman of the meeting rather than a named person as their proxy. This will ensure that your vote will be counted even if ultimately you (or any other proxy you might otherwise appoint) are not able to attend the meeting. The valid appointment of a proxy does not prevent you from attending the AGM and voting in person. 5. A shareholder who wishes to appoint a proxy should complete the Form of Proxy which accompanies this notice and includes full details of how to appoint a proxy. If you do not have a Form of Proxy and believe that you should have one  or if you require additional Forms of Proxy  please contact Equiniti’s helpline on 0371 384 2701 (+44 (0) 371 384 2701 if calling from overseas). Lines are open between 8.30 am and 5.30 pm Monday to Friday (excluding public holidays in England and Wales). Shareholders who hold their shares in uncertificated form may use ‘the CREST voting service’ to appoint a proxy electronically  as explained below. 6. In order to be valid  a proxy appointment must be returned (together with any power of attorney or other authority under which it is executed or a copy of the authority certified in ink by a bank  a stockbroker or a solicitor) by one of the following methods: – in hard copy form by post  by courier or by hand to the Company’s registrar at the address shown on the Form of Proxy; or in the case of CREST members  by utilising the CREST voting service in accordance with the procedures set out in note 9 below. The appointment of a proxy in each case must formally be received by the Company’s registrar no later than 11 am on Tuesday  9 May 2023. You may also appoint your proxy electronically online at www.sharevote.co.uk where full instructions on the procedure are given. The Voting ID  Task ID and Shareholder Reference Number printed on the Form of Proxy will be required to use this electronic proxy appointment system. Alternatively  shareholders who have already registered with Equiniti Registrars’ online portfolio service  Shareview  can appoint their proxy electronically by logging on to their portfolio at www.shareview.co.uk using their user ID and password. Once logged in  click ‘view’ on the ‘My Investments’ page. Click on the link to vote and follow the on screen instructions. 7. To change your proxy instructions you may return a new proxy appointment using the methods set out above. Where you have appointed a proxy using the hard copy Form of Proxy and would like to change the instructions using another hard copy Form of Proxy  please contact Equiniti at Aspect House  Spencer Road  Lancing  West Sussex BN99 8LU. The deadline for receipt of proxy appointments (see above) also applies in relation to amended instructions. Any attempt to terminate or amend a proxy appointment received after the relevant deadline will be disregarded. Where two or more valid but differing appointments of proxy are delivered or (in the case of appointments in electronic form) received in respect of the same share for use at the same meeting  the one which is last delivered or  as the case may be  received as aforesaid (regardless of its date  its date of sending or the date of its execution) shall be treated as replacing and revoking the other or others as regards that share. If the Company is unable to determine either which is last sent or which is last delivered or received  none of them shall be treated as valid in respect of the relevant share(s).In the case of joint holders  where more than one of the joint holders purports to appoint a proxy  only the appointment submitted by the most senior holder will be accepted. Seniority is determined by the order in which the names of the joint holders appear in the Company’s register of members in respect of the joint holding (the first-named being the most senior). 8. A copy of this notice has been sent for information only  to Nominated Persons (that is  a person who has been nominated by a shareholder to enjoy information rights under section 146 of the Companies Act 2006). The rights to appoint a proxy cannot be exercised by a Nominated Person; they can only be exercised by a shareholder. However  a Nominated Person may have a right under an agreement with the shareholder by whom she or he was nominated to be appointed as a proxy for the AGM or to have someone else so appointed. If a Nominated Person does not have such a right or does not wish to exercise it  she or he may have a right under such an agreement to give instructions to the shareholder as to the exercise of voting rights. 9. CREST members who wish to appoint a proxy or proxies by utilising the CREST electronic proxy appointment service may do so by utilising the procedures described in the CREST Manual  which can be viewed at www.euroclear.com. CREST personal members or other CREST sponsored members  and those CREST members who have appointed a voting service provider(s)  should refer to their CREST sponsor or voting service provider(s)  who will be able to take the appropriate action on their behalf. In order for a proxy appointment made by means of CREST to be valid  the appropriate CREST message (a CREST Proxy Instruction) must be properly authenticated in accordance with Euroclear’s specifications and must contain the information required for such instructions  as described in the CREST Manual. The message  regardless of whether it constitutes the appointment of a proxy or an amendment to the instruction given to a previously appointed proxy must  in order to be valid  be transmitted so as to be received by the issuer’s agent (ID number RA19) by 11 am on Tuesday  9 May 2023 (the latest time(s) for receipt of proxy appointments specified in this notice). For this purpose  the time of receipt will be taken to be the time (as determined by the timestamp applied to the message by the CREST Applications Host) from which the issuer’s agent is able to retrieve the message by enquiry to CREST in the manner prescribed by CREST. The Company may treat as invalid a CREST Proxy Instruction in the circumstances set out in the Uncertificated Securities Regulations 2001. 10. CREST members and  where applicable  their CREST sponsors or voting service providers should note that Euroclear does not make available special procedures in CREST for any particular messages. Normal system timings and limitations will therefore apply in relation to the input of CREST Proxy Instructions. It is the responsibility of the CREST member concerned to take (or  if the CREST member is a CREST personal member or sponsored member or has appointed a voting service provider(s)  to procure that his CREST sponsor or voting service provider(s) take(s)) such action as shall be necessary to ensure that a message is transmitted by means of the CREST system by any particular time. In this connection  CREST members and  where applicable  their CREST sponsors or voting service providers are referred  in particular  to those sections of the CREST Manual concerning practical limitations of the CREST system and timings. 11. Voting on all Resolutions will be conducted by way of a poll rather than a show of hands. This is a more transparent method of voting as shareholders’ votes (including the votes of those shareholders who are unable to attend but who have appointed a proxy for the meeting) are to be counted according to the number of shares held. As soon as practicable  following the AGM  the results of the voting will be announced via a Regulatory Information Service and also placed on the Company’s website: osb.co.uk/investors/shareholder-services/. 12. Please note that the Company takes all reasonable precautions to ensure that no viruses are present in any electronic communication it sends out but the Company cannot accept responsibility for loss or damage arising from the opening or use of any email or attachments from the Company and recommends that shareholders subject all messages to virus checking procedures prior to use. Any electronic communication received by the Company  including the lodgment of an electronic proxy form  that is found to contain any virus will not be accepted. 13. A shareholder of the Company  that is a corporation  may authorise a person or persons to act as its representative(s) at the AGM. In accordance with the provisions of the Companies Act 2006  each such representative may exercise (on behalf of the corporation) the same powers as the corporation could exercise if it were an individual shareholder of the Company  provided that they do not do so in relation to the same shares. 14. Shareholders satisfying the thresholds in section 527 of the Companies Act 2006 can require the Company to publish a statement on its website setting out any matter relating to the audit of the Company’s accounts (including the Auditor’s report and the conduct of the audit) that are to be laid before the AGM and that the shareholders propose to raise at the AGM. The Company may not require the shareholders requesting the publication to pay its expenses. Any statement placed on the website must also be sent to the Company’s Auditor no later than the time it makes its statement available on the website. The business which may be dealt with at the AGM includes any statement that the Company has been required to publish on its website. 15. Under section 319A of the Companies Act 2006  the Company must  subject to limited exceptions  answer any question relating to the business being dealt with at the AGM which is put by a shareholder attending the AGM. Information relating to the AGM which the Company is required by the Companies Act 2006 to publish on a website in advance of the meeting may be viewed at osb.co.uk/investors/ shareholder-services/. You may not use any electronic address provided in this notice to communicate with the Company for any purposes other than those expressly stated. 16. Shareholders have the right to ask questions in relation to the business of the AGM but no answer need be given if (a) to do so would interfere unduly with the preparation for the AGM or involve the disclosure of confidential information  (b) the answer has already been given on a website in the form of an answer to a question  or (c) it is undesirable in the interests of the Company or the good order of the AGM that the question be answered. Shareholders wishing to raise any questions relating to the business of the AGM may do so by submitting them to the Company Secretariat ahead of the AGM at company.secretariat@osb.co.uk. You may submit questions until 11 am on Tuesday  9 May 2023 and the Company will endeavour to publish and maintain an appropriate summary of responses on the ‘AGM Information’ page of its website in advance of the AGM. 17. Shareholders have the right to request  in accordance with section 360BA of the Companies Act 2006  information to enable them to determine that their vote on a poll was validly recorded and counted. Shareholders who wish to do so should contact Equiniti by phone on 0371 384 2701 (+44 (0) 371 384 2701 if calling from overseas) or by post at Aspect House  Spencer Road  Lancing  West Sussex BN99 8LU  in each case no later than 30 days following the date of this year’s AGM. 18. As at 23 March 2023 (being the latest practicable date before the publication of this document)  the Company’s issued share capital consisted of 430 243 748 ordinary shares  carrying one vote each. The Company did not hold any shares in treasury at that date. Therefore  as at 23 March 2023 the total voting rights in the Company were 430 243 748. 19. Copies of: this Notice;the Form of Proxy;the Directors letters of appointment and service agreements; andthe Company’s Annual Report and Accounts for the year ended 31 December 2022  are available for inspection at the Company’s registered office during normal business hours from the date of this Notice until the date of the AGM (excluding Saturdays  Sundays and public holidays) and will be available for inspection at the place of the AGM for at least 15 minutes prior to and after the AGM. 20. The Company may process personal data of attendees at the AGM. This may include webcasts  photos  recording audio and video links  as well as other forms of personal data. The Company shall process such personal data in accordance with its privacy policy  which can be found at https://www.osb.co.uk/privacy-policy/APPENDIXDirector Biographies Name and appointment Committee membership Key skills Experience & qualifications Kal Atwal*Non-Executive DirectorKal was appointed to the Board on7 February 2023. Member of the Group Remuneration and People Committee. Kal Atwal has significant experience as a non-executive director across FTSE 100  FTSE 250 and Mutual businesses. She is a non-executive director at Admiral Financial Services Limited  Whitbread plc and WH Smith plc. Her committee experience includes being a member of Audit  Nomination  Remuneration  Risk and Capital Committees. Kal is an experienced strategy leader with international experience in start-up  scale-up  fintech and digital businesses. She began her career at EY on placement in Madrid  after which she held a number of operational and strategic roles with Southern Derbyshire Chamber and Northcliffe Media Ltd. She joined BGL Group when the company took over Bennetts  the motorcycle insurance business  where she held the position of Managing Director. She then became the founding Managing Director of comparethemarket.com  a division of BGL. Following her promotion to Group Director of BGL Limited  she was responsible for brand-led businesses  group strategy and corporate communications. Elizabeth Noël Member of the Group Noël has extensive experience Noël was appointed to the Board of CCFS in June 2017 Harwerth* Audit  Group Nomination in both the public sector with and was its Senior Independent Director from August Senior Independent and Governance  Group government bodies and the 2017. Noël is a non-executive director of Scotiabank DirectorNoël was appointed to Remuneration and People and Group RiskCommittees. private sector with global banking companies  whichbrings valuable insight to Europe plc. She is also a member of the UK Export Finance Board. She is a former non-executive directorof Sirius Minerals plc  Standard Life Aberdeen plc and the OSB Board and the position of Senior Independent Director in October 2019. Boardroom debate. RSA Insurance Group plc  prior to which she held a variety of senior roles with Citicorp for 15 years  latterly serving as the Chief Operating Officer of Citibank International plc. Noël has held non-executive roles with GE Capital Bank Limited  Sumitomo Mitsui Banking Corporation Europe Limited  Avocet Mining plc  Alent plc  Corus Group plc  Logica plc  The London Metal Exchange and Standard Life Assurance Limited. Sarah Hedger* Member of the Group Sarah has significant capital Sarah previously held leadership positions at General Non-Executive DirectorSarah was appointed Audit and Group Remuneration and PeopleCommittees. Sarah has management and mergers and acquisitions experience. Electric Company (GEC) for 12 years in its Corporate  Aviation and Capital business development teams leaving General Electric Company as Leader of to the OSB Board in been appointed as Chair Since joining the Board  Sarah Business Development and M&A for its global GE February 2019. of the Group Remuneration and People Committee with effect from the conclusion of the Annual General Meeting on 11 May 2023 and will also become a member of the Group Nomination and Governance Committee from the same date. has provided good challenge at Board and Committee meetings. Capital division. Prior to General Electric Company  Sarah worked at Lazard & Co. Limited for 11 years  leaving as Director  Corporate Finance and also spent five years as an auditor at PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP (PwC). She served as an Independent non- executive director of Balta Group NV  a Belgian company listed on Euronext  until December 2021 and as non-executive director of GE Money Bank AB for 3 years during her time at GEC. Rajan Kapoor* Chair of the Group Audit Rajan has wide-ranging Rajan was appointed to the Board of CCFS in Non-Executive DirectorRajan was appointed to Committee and memberof the Board Capital and Funding  Group experience of all aspects of banking including externalreporting  financial planning September 2016. He was Financial Controller of the Royal Bank of Scotland (RBS) Group and held anumber of senior finance positions during a 28-year the OSB Board and the Remuneration and and analysis  asset and liability career with RBS. Rajan is a Fellow of the Institute of position of Chair of the People  Group Risk and management  taxation and Chartered Accountants and of the Chartered Institute Group Audit Committee in October 2019. Group Models and Ratings Committees. stress testing. He also has extensive experience of financial and regulatory reporting in the UK and US with a strong background in internal financial controls  governance and compliance. of Bankers in Scotland.Name and appointment Committee membership Key skills Experience & qualifications Simon Walker* Member of the Group Simon has significant Simon has significant experience in financial services. Non-Executive DirectorSimon was appointed Audit  Group Risk  GroupModels and Ratings and Board Capital and experience in mortgages SME lending  risk management and regulation within the He joined KPMG in 1980 and was made a partner ofthe firm in 1992  going on to lead the firm’s National Building Societies and Mortgage Practice and to the Board on 4 January 2022. Funding Committees. Simon has been appointed as Chair of the Group Risk Committee with effect from the conclusion of the Annual General Meeting on 11May 2023. banking sector. subsequently became banking partner in Financial Risk Management. Simon graduated in Law from University College London and is a qualified chartered accountant. Simon is a non-executive directorof H&T Group plc. He was previously a non-executive director of Leeds Theatre Trust Limited and of IWP Holdings Ltd until 20 March 2023. David Weymouth Chair of the Board David uses his intricate David is also Chairman of Mizuho International Plc and ChairmanDavid was appointed to Capital and Funding andGroup Nomination and Governance Committees; knowledge of the financial services industry to guide andChair the Board effectively. Chair Elect of Pension Insurance Corporation plc.Other current non-executive directorships include Pension Insurance Corporation Group Limited and the OSB Board in September 2017 and held the position of Chairman until October 2019. He was re- appointed as Chairman on 4 February 2020. a member of the Group Remuneration and People Committee. Marsh Limited where he is Chair of the Risk Committee. David previously served as a non- executive director on the board of Bank of Ireland (UK) plc  Fidelity International Holdings (UK) Limited and the Royal London Mutual Insurance Society. David was previously Chief Information Officer at Barclays Bank plc and Chief Risk Officer at RSA Insurance Group plc. He sat on the Executive Committee of both companies. His experience as an executive includes a wide range of senior roles in operations  technology  risk and leadership. Andrew Golding Member of the Board Andy has over 30 years’ Prior to joining OSB  Andy was CEO of Saffron Building Chief Executive OfficerAndy was appointed Capital and Funding Committee. experience in financial services. Society  where he had been from 2004. Prior to that  he held senior positions at National Westminster Bankplc  John Charcol Limited and Bradford & Bingley plc. to the OSB Board in December 2011. Andy served as a non-executive director for Kreditech Holding SSL GmbH and Northamptonshire Healthcare NHS Foundation Trust. Andy is a director of the Building Societies Trust Limited. He served as a member of the Building Societies Association’s Council and the Financial Conduct Authority’s Smaller Business Practitioner Panel. Andy has an in-depth knowledge of the business and provides strong leadership and direction. April Talintyre Member of the Board April has broad financial April was previously an Executive Director in the Chief Financial OfficerApril joined OSB in Capital and Funding and Group Models andRatings Committees. services experience. She has been a member of the Instituteof Chartered Accountants in Rothesay Life pensions insurance business of Goldman Sachs Group and worked for Goldman SachsInternational for over 16 years  including as an May 2012 and was appointed to its Board in June 2012. England and Wales since 1992. Executive Director in the Controllers Division in London and New York. April began her career at KPMG LLP in a general audit department. April has a thorough knowledge of the business  particularly  of finance and risk areas. * Independent Non-Executive Director NOTES NOTES OSB GROUP PLCOSB House Quayside Chatham Maritime ChathamUnited Kingdom ME4 4QZ+44 (0)1634 835796www.osb.co.ukAll news about OSB GROUP PLC 03/31 Notice of AGM GL 03/31 Publication of 2022 Annual Report and Accounts and 2023 Notice of Annual General Meetin.. GL 03/31 OneSavingsBank plc - 2022 Annual Report and Accounts GL 03/31 OneSavingsBank plc - 2022 Annual Report and Accounts GL 03/31 Transaction in Own Shares GL 03/30 Transaction in Own Shares GL 03/29 Director/PDMR Shareholding GL 03/29 Transaction in Own Shares GL 03/28 Transaction in Own Shares GL 03/27 Notice to Securityholders of ISIN XS2391408072 GL Analyst Recommendations on OSB GROUP PLC 02/10 Shell  Glencore  Smurfit and abrdn ratings cut AN 01/16 SocGen raises Severn Trent to 'buy' AN 2022 LONDON BROKER RATINGS: Liberum cuts British Land; Exane cuts Sains.. AN Financials GBP USD Sales 2022 773 M 957 M 957 M Net income 2022 379 M 469 M 469 M Net Debt 2022 - - - P/E ratio 2022 5 44x Yield 2022 6 30% Capitalization 2 066 M 2 556 M 2 556 M Capi. / Sales 2022 2 67x Capi. / Sales 2023 2 48x Nbr of Employees 1 896 Free-Float 98 4% Chart OSB GROUP PLC Duration : Auto. 2 months 3 months 6 months 9 months 1 year 2 years 5 years 10 years Max. Period : Day Week Technical analysis trends OSB GROUP PLC Short Term Mid-Term Long Term Trends Bearish Neutral Neutral Income Statement Evolution Please enable JavaScript in your browser's settings to use dynamic charts. Consensus Sell Buy Mean consensus BUY Number of Analysts 10 Last Close Price 481 60 GBX Average target price 720 10 GBX Spread / Average Target 49 5% EPS Revisions Please enable JavaScript in your browser's settings to use dynamic charts. Managers and Directors Andrew John Golding Chief Executive Officer & Executive Director April Carolyn Talintyre Chief Financial Officer & Executive Director David Avery Weymouth Non-Executive Chairman Peter Hindle Group Chief Information Officer Clive David Kornitzer Group Chief Operating Officer Sector and Competitors 1st jan. Capi. (M$) OSB GROUP PLC 0.38% 2 556 AL RAJHI BANKING AND INVESTMENT CORPORATION -2.26% 78 329 HOUSING DEVELOPMENT FINANCE CORPORATION LIMITED -0.35% 58 694 DISCOVER FINANCIAL SERVICES 0.30% 25 890 FIRSTRAND LIMITED -2.80% 19 108 BANK OF JIANGSU CO.  LTD. -3.70% 15 094,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.02,0.96,0.02,True,English,"['MarketScreener', 'Homepage Equities United Kingdom London Stock Exchange OSB Group Plc News Summary OSB GB00BLDRH360 OSB GROUP PLC', 'News Ratings Calendar Company Financials Consensus Revisions Funds', 'Charter Court Financial Services Group plc', 'Charter Court Financial Services Group CCFS', 'Accounts GL Summary Quotes Charts', 'Official Publications Sector news Notice', 'high credit quality mortgage assets', '213800ZBKL9BHSL2K459 OSB GROUP PLC', 'Nickesha Graham-Burrell Group Head', 'Other languages Press Releases', 'strong balance sheet growth', 'News Analyst Reco', 'other independent financial adviser', 'Charter Savings Bank brand', 'Annual General Meeting GL', 'high growth potential', 'independent financial advisers', 'private rented sector', 'Financial Conduct Authority', 'OneSavings Bank OSB', 'Simone Selzer Notes', 'Prudential Regulation Authority', 'attractive risk-adjusted returns', 'breed automated technology', 'collateral risk control', 'personal financial advice', 'efficient operating model', 'OneSavingsBank plc', 'London W1T', 'list Report Report', 'multiple email addresses', 'Regulatory Information Service', 'residential development finance', 'skilled, bespoke underwriting', 'Term Funding Scheme', 'risk management expertise', 'retail savings products', 'specialist residential lending', 'The Group', 'specialist residential mortgages', 'Kent Reliance name', 'strong credit', 'mortgage servicing', 'other documents', '2022 Annual Report', 'specialist lending', 'AGM GL', 'OSB.', 'Company Secretariat', 'holding company', 'asset finance', 'efficient processing', 'product development', 'specialist brokers', 'First name', '90 Whitfield Street', 'current arrangements', 'Investor relations', 'Robin Wrench', 'main market', 'FTSE 250 index', 'subsidiary businesses', 'two segments', 'market sub-sectors', 'leading position', 'semi-commercial mortgages', 'funding lines', 'postal channels', 'South East', 'securitisation programmes', 'additional incentives', 'Precise Mortgages', 'IMMEDIATE ATTENTION', 'bank manager', 'Markets Act', 'ordinary shares', 'specialist brands', '03/31 Notice', 'InterBay Commercial', '2023 Notice', 'EDT', '1.60 GBX', 'relevant', 'commas', 'Message', 'fields', 'LEI', 'DTR', 'shareholders', '31 March', 'copy', 'Fitzrovia', 'Thursday', 'May', 'changes', 'website', 'uk', 'announcement', 'Enquiries', 'osbrelations', 'Brunswick', 'Editors', '1 February', 'June', '4 October', '30 November', 'entity', 'part', 'England', 'platforms', 'capabilities', 'Intermediaries', 'use', 'online', 'network', 'branches', 'Diversification', 'SMEs', 'Let', 'administration', 'systems', 'speed', 'innovation', 'factors', 'doubt', 'action', 'stockbroker', 'solicitor', 'accountant', 'territory', '11']",2023-03-31,2023-04-01,marketscreener.com
21917,Clearstream,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/BANK-OF-AMERICA-CORPORATI-11751/news/Bank-of-America-Corporation-Announces-CME-Term-SOFR-as-Benchmark-Replacement-Rate-for-Certain-Outsta-43396462/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230331,Bank of America Corporation Announces CME Term SOFR as Benchmark Replacement Rate for Certain Outstanding USD LIBOR Securities After June 30  2023,(marketscreener.com) CHARLOTTE  N.C.  March 31  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- Bank of America Corporation   BofA Finance LLC and certain other BAC-affiliated issuers have issued and outstanding certain floating or fixed-to-floating rate debt securities  preferred st…,"CHARLOTTE  N.C.  March 31  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- Bank of America Corporation (""BAC"") (NYSE: BAC)  BofA Finance LLC (""BofA Finance"") and certain other BAC-affiliated issuers have issued and outstanding certain floating or fixed-to-floating rate debt securities  preferred stock represented by depositary shares and trust preferred securities  listed in the Annexes to this press release  that are governed by New York or Delaware law  for which U.S. dollar LIBOR (""USD LIBOR"")  for one- or three-month tenors  serves as the benchmark rate used in connection with the calculation or determination of applicable interest  dividend or distribution payments (the ""USD LIBOR Securities""). On March 5  2021  the U.K.'s Financial Conduct Authority announced that after June 30  2023  USD LIBOR for such tenors (along with other remaining tenors of USD LIBOR) would cease publication or no longer be representative. In connection with the cessation of representative USD LIBOR  on March 15  2022  Congress enacted the Adjustable Interest Rate (LIBOR) Act (the ""LIBOR Act"")  and the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System (the ""Board"") has issued final rules thereunder (the ""LIBOR Rule"").BAC is issuing this press release to announce its expectation that  on the first London banking date after June 30  2023 (the ""LIBOR Replacement Date"")  the CME Term SOFR Reference Rate published for the one- or three-month tenor (that corresponds to the applicable USD LIBOR tenor)  as administered by CME Group Benchmark Administration  Ltd. (or any successor administrator thereof) (""CME Term SOFR"")  plus the applicable tenor spread adjustment described below (such rate being the ""Board-selected benchmark replacement"" under the LIBOR Rule) will be the reference rate for calculations or determinations of applicable interest  dividend or distribution payments for each of the USD LIBOR Securities listed in the Annexes to this press release. The replacement of USD LIBOR as the benchmark rate for each of the USD LIBOR Securities  with CME Term SOFR for the applicable corresponding tenor  plus the applicable tenor spread adjustment  will be effective for determinations under the terms of the USD LIBOR Securities that are made on and after the LIBOR Replacement Date  but will not affect any determinations made prior to the LIBOR Replacement Date.Non-Workable Contractual FallbacksThe USD LIBOR Securities listed in Annex 1 to this press release  contain fallback provisions that provide for (i) a poll or inquiries for quotes or information related to USD LIBOR or (ii) benchmark replacements based on USD LIBOR values (such as the most recently available USD LIBOR rate or USD LIBOR rate as determined by the calculation agent using discretion). Under the LIBOR Act and LIBOR Rule  on the LIBOR Replacement Date  by operation of law (i) these fallback provisions will be disregarded and deemed null and void and without any force or effect  and (ii) USD LIBOR will be replaced as the benchmark rate by CME Term SOFR for the tenor that corresponds to the applicable USD LIBOR tenor  plus the applicable tenor spread adjustment.Determining Person DiscretionThe USD LIBOR Securities listed in Annex 2 to this press release contain fallback provisions authorizing an investment bank of national or international standing  as applicable  to select the benchmark replacement rate for three-month USD LIBOR. Under the LIBOR Act and the LIBOR Rule  such investment bank is the person with the sole authority under the terms of these USD LIBOR Securities to determine a benchmark replacement for USD LIBOR (referred to in the LIBOR Act and LIBOR Rule as the ""determining person""). For each of these USD LIBOR Securities  BAC and BofA Finance  as issuers of such securities  have appointed BofA Securities  Inc. as the determining person  and it has selected three-month CME Term SOFR  plus the applicable tenor spread adjustment  as the benchmark replacement for three-month USD LIBOR on and after the LIBOR Replacement Date.ARRC Recommended Fallback ProvisionsThe USD LIBOR Securities listed in Annex 3 to this press release contain fallback provisions for three-month USD LIBOR substantially in the form recommended on April 25  2019 by the Alternative Reference Rates Committee (""ARRC"") convened by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York. For each of these USD LIBOR Securities  in accordance with these fallback provisions  it is expected that USD LIBOR will be replaced as the benchmark rate by CME Term SOFR for the applicable tenor  plus the applicable tenor spread adjustment  on and after the USD LIBOR Replacement Date  if BAC  as issuer  determines that a benchmark transition event and the related benchmark replacement date (as such terms are defined in such securities) have occurred and an interpolated rate (as such term is defined in such securities) cannot be determined. BAC  as issuer of these USD LIBOR Securities  expects these conditions to be satisfied on and after the LIBOR Replacement Date  such that three-month CME Term SOFR  plus the applicable tenor spread adjustment  will replace three-month USD LIBOR for each of these Annex 3 USD LIBOR Securities on and after the LIBOR Replacement Date in the same manner as described above for the Annex 1 and Annex 2 USD LIBOR Securities.Tenor Spread AdjustmentThe tenor spread adjustment for CME Term SOFR with respect to the following tenors of USD LIBOR  as set forth in the LIBOR Act and the LIBOR Rule  is:Tenor Tenor spread adjustment One Month 0.11448 % Three Months 0.26161 %Conforming ChangesFor the USD LIBOR Securities for which the Board-selected benchmark replacement becomes the benchmark replacement for USD LIBOR by operation of law under the LIBOR Act (the USD LIBOR Securities listed in Annex 1) or because selected as such by a determining person (the USD LIBOR Securities listed in Annex 2)  the LIBOR Rule provides that certain benchmark replacement conforming changes will become an integral part of such securities by operation of law. See Annex 4 for a description of such conforming changes. In addition  a person responsible for calculating or determining any valuation  payment or other measurement based on a benchmark (a ""calculating person"") has the authority under the LIBOR Act and the LIBOR Rule to make certain additional benchmark replacement conforming changes (in addition to those specified in LIBOR Rule) under securities such as the USD LIBOR Securities listed in Annex 1 and Annex 2 without any requirement to obtain consent from any other person. Any such additional changes that the applicable calculating person makes with respect to such USD LIBOR Securities will become an integral part of the applicable securities by operation of law and be the subject of a separate announcement on the Investors/Fixed Income portion of BAC's website.Under the terms of the USD LIBOR Securities listed in Annex 3  BAC  as issuer  will have the right to make benchmark replacement conforming changes. It is expected that BAC will determine that the benchmark replacement conforming changes adopted by the Board under the LIBOR Rule will also apply to such USD LIBOR Securities. If BAC makes any additional benchmark replacement conforming changes with respect to such USD LIBOR Securities  such additional changes will be the subject of a separate announcement on the Investors/Fixed Income portion of BAC's website.This press release applies only to the USD LIBOR Securities listed in the Annexes to this press release and does not relate to any other securities or other instruments. In advance of the LIBOR Replacement Date  further notices relating to CME Term SOFR as the benchmark replacement rate for USD LIBOR for the USD LIBOR Securities held through The Depository Trust Company (""DTC"") will be made pursuant to the DTC LIBOR Replacement Index Communication Tool.Forward-Looking StatementsCertain statements contained in this press release may constitute ""forward-looking statements"" within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements made in this press release include  without limitation  statements concerning the expected transition of the Annex 3 USD LIBOR Securities to CME Term SOFR for the applicable tenor  plus the applicable spread adjustment. These statements are not guarantees of future results or performance and involve certain risks  uncertainties and assumptions that are difficult to predict or beyond our control. You should not place undue reliance on any forward-looking statement and should consider the uncertainties with respect to such transition and resulting risks that such transition would not occur  and including those discussed under Item 1A. ""Risk Factors"" in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31  2022  and in any of our subsequent Securities and Exchange Commission filings. Forward-looking statements speak only as of the date they are made  and except as required by the U.S. federal securities laws  we undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking statement to reflect the impact of circumstances or events that arise after the date the forward-looking statement was made.Bank of AmericaBank of America is one of the world's leading financial institutions  serving individual consumers  small and middle-market businesses and large corporations with a full range of banking  investing  asset management and other financial and risk management products and services. The company provides unmatched convenience in the United States  serving approximately 67 million consumer and small business clients with approximately 3 900 retail financial centers  approximately 16 000 ATMs  and award-winning digital banking with approximately 56 million verified digital users. Bank of America is a global leader in wealth management  corporate and investment banking and trading across a broad range of asset classes  serving corporations  governments  institutions and individuals around the world. Bank of America offers industry-leading support to approximately 3 million small business households through a suite of innovative  easy-to-use online products and services. The company serves clients through operations across the United States  its territories and approximately 35 countries. Bank of America Corporation stock (NYSE: BAC) is listed on the New York Stock Exchange.For more Bank of America news  visit the Bank of America newsroom and register for email news alerts.www.bankofamerica.comInvestors May Contact:Lee McEntire  Bank of AmericaPhone: 1.980.388.6780lee.mcentire@bofa.comJonathan Blum  Bank of America (Fixed Income)Phone: 1.212.449.3112jonathan.blum@bofa.comReporters May Contact:Bill Halldin  Bank of AmericaPhone: 1.916.724.0093william.halldin@bofa.comChristopher P. Feeney  Bank of AmericaPhone: 1.980.386.6794christopher.feeney@bofa.comANNEX 1 NON-WORKABLE CONTRACTUAL FALLBACKS BAC Benchmark NotesCUSIP No./ISIN Issue Date Title of Security 63858REX51 3/23/1998 Senior Medium-Term Floating Rate Notes  due March 2038 06050MAA5 5/21/1999 Senior Medium-Term Floating Rate Notes  due May 2039 06050MAB31 6/30/1999 Senior Medium-Term Floating Rate Notes  due June 2039 06050MAD9 10/26/1999 Senior Medium-Term Floating Rate Notes  due October 2039 06050MAG2 12/17/1999 Senior Medium-Term Floating Rate Notes  due December 2039 06050MAZ0 11/27/2000 Senior Medium-Term Floating Rate Notes  due November 2040 06050MBS5 12/28/2001 Senior Medium-Term Floating Rate Notes  due December 2041 59022CAA12 9/12/2006 Floating Rate Subordinated Notes Due September 15  2026 XS02725578761 3 10/25/2006 Registered Floating Rate Notes due October  2027 5901886X12 11/27/2006 Floating Rate Subordinated Notes Due December 1  2026 59018YT432 9/22/2008 Senior Medium-Term Floating Rate Notes  due January 2037 06051GGF0 1/20/2017 3.824% Fixed/Floating Rate Senior Notes  due January 2028 06051GGG8 1/20/2017 4.443% Fixed/Floating Rate Senior Notes  due January 2048 06051GGM5 4/24/2017 4.244% Fixed/Floating Rate Senior Notes  due April 2038 06051GGL7 4/24/2017 3.705% Fixed/Floating Rate Senior Notes  due April 2028 06051GGR4 7/21/2017 3.593% Fixed/Floating Rate Senior Notes  due July 2028 06051GGT0 9/18/2017 3.093% Fixed/Floating Rate Senior Notes  due October 2025 U0R8A1AB3/ 06051GGW3 12/20/2017 3.419% Fixed/Floating Rate Senior Notes  due 2028 06051GHD4406051GGZ6 1/23/2018 3.366% Fixed/Floating Rate Senior Notes  due January 2026 06051GHA0 1/23/2018 3.946% Fixed/Floating Rate Senior Notes  due January 2049 06051GHB8 2/5/2018 Floating Rate Senior Notes  due February 2026BAC Preferred Stock/Depositary Shares CUSIP No. Issue Date Title of Security 060505633 11/1/20045 Depositary shares  each representing a 1/1 200th interest in a share of Floating Rate Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock  Series 1 (CUSIP No. for the Series 1 Preferred Stock is 060505542) 060505625 3/14/20055 Depositary shares  each representing a 1/1 200th interest in a share of Floating Rate Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock  Series 2 (CUSIP No. for the Series 2 Preferred Stock is 060505534) 060505591 11/17/20055 Depositary shares  each representing a 1/1 200th interest in a share of Floating Rate Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock  Series 4 (CUSIP No. for the Series 4 Preferred Stock is 060505518) 060505815 11/6/2006 Depositary shares  each representing a 1/1 000th interest in a share of Floating Rate Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock  Series E (CUSIP No. for the Series E Preferred Stock is 060505799) 060505583 3/20/20075 Depositary shares  each representing a 1/1 200th interest in a share of Floating Rate Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock  Series 5 (CUSIP No. for the Series 5 Preferred Stock is 060505492) 060505ED2 5/29/2013 Depositary Shares  each representing 1/25th interest in a share of Fixed-to-Floating Rate Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock  Series U (CUSIP No. for the Series U Preferred Stock is 060505EE0) 060505EH3 9/5/2014 Depositary Shares  each representing 1/25th interest in a share of Fixed-to-Floating Rate Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock  Series X (CUSIP No. for the Series X Preferred Stock is 060505EJ9) 060505EL4 10/23/2014 Depositary Shares  each representing 1/25th interest in a share of Fixed-to-Floating Rate Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock  Series Z (CUSIP No. for the Series Z Preferred Stock is 060505EM2) 060505EN0 3/17/2015 Depositary Shares  each representing 1/25th interest in a share of Fixed-to-Floating Rate Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock  Series AA (CUSIP No. for the Series AA Preferred Stock is 060505EP5) 060505EU4 3/10/2016 Depositary Shares  each representing 1/25th interest in a share of Fixed-to-Floating Rate Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock  Series DD (CUSIP No. for the Series DD Preferred Stock is 060505EV2)BAC Client-Driven NotesCUSIP No. Issue Date Title of Security 06048WPV6 10/30/2014 Fixed to Floating Rate Notes with a Maximum Interest Rate  due October 30  2024 06048WPZ7 11/25/2014 Fixed to Floating Rate Notes with a Maximum Interest Rate  due November 25  2024 06048WTR1 10/28/2016 Fixed to Floating Rate Notes with a Maximum Interest Rate  due October 28  2026 06048WUS7 8/28/2017 Fixed to Floating Rate Notes with a Maximum Interest Rate  due August 28  2027BAC Capital Trust XIII Trust Preferred SecuritiesCUSIP No. Issue Date Title of Security 05518UAA5 2/16/2007 Floating Rate Preferred Hybrid Income Term Securities of BAC Capital Trust XIII (CUSIP No. for the underlying Series F Preferred Stock is 060505377)BAC Capital Trust XIV Trust Preferred SecuritiesCUSIP No. Issue Date Title of Security 05518VAA3 2/16/2007 5.63% Fixed to Floating Rate Preferred Hybrid Income Term Securities of BAC Capital Trust XIV (CUSIP No. for the underlying Series G Preferred Stock is 060505385)BAC Capital Trust XV Trust Preferred SecuritiesCUSIP No. Issue Date Title of Security 05518WAA1 5/31/2007 Floating Rate Capital Securities of BAC Capital Trust XV (CUSIP No. for the underlying junior subordinated notes is 060505DF8)_________________1 The benchmark rate for these USD LIBOR Securities is one-month USD LIBOR. For all other USD LIBOR Securities  the benchmark rate is three-month USD LIBOR. 2 Originally issued by Merrill Lynch & Co.  Inc. (""ML&Co.""). 3 Held through Euroclear Bank SA/NV and/or Clearstream Banking  S.A.  Luxembourg. 4 These notes of this series (CUSIP No. 06051GHD4) were issued on 5/24/2018 in exchange for outstanding notes of this series (CUSIP Nos. U0R8A1AB3 and 06051GGW3) previously issued on 12/20/2017. Certain notes of this series issued on 12/20/2017 were not exchanged and remain outstanding. 5 This is the date that ML&Co. originally issued shares of its preferred stock that were exchanged for shares of corresponding BAC preferred stock in the merger of BAC and ML&Co. on 1/1/2009.ANNEX 2 DETERMINING PERSON DISCRETION BAC Benchmark NotesCUSIP No. Issue Date Title of Security 06051GHG7 3/5/2018 3.970% Fixed/Floating Rate Senior Notes  due March 2029 06051GHL6 7/23/2018 3.864% Fixed/Floating Rate Senior Notes  due July 2024 06051GHK8 7/23/2018 Floating Rate Senior Notes  due July 2024 06051GHM4 7/23/2018 4.271% Fixed/Floating Rate Senior Notes  due July 2029 06051GHQ5 2/7/2019 3.974% Fixed/Floating Rate Senior Notes  due February 2030 06051GHR3 3/15/2019 3.458% Fixed/Floating Rate Senior Notes  due March 2025 06051GHS1 3/15/2019 4.330% Fixed/Floating Rate Senior Notes  due March 2050 06051GHT9 4/23/2019 3.559% Fixed/Floating Rate Senior Notes  due April 2027 06051GHU6 4/23/2019 4.078% Fixed/Floating Rate Senior Notes  due April 2040BAC Preferred Stock/Depositary SharesCUSIP No. Issue Date Title of Security 060505FL3 3/15/2018 Depositary Shares  each representing 1/25th interest in a share of Fixed-to-Floating Rate Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock  Series FF (CUSIP No. for the Series FF Preferred Stock is 060505FK5)BAC Client-Driven NotesCUSIP No./ISIN Issue Date Title of Security 06048WWH9 4/23/2018 Puttable Floating Rate Notes  due April 23  2058 06048WWN6 4/27/2018 Floating Rate Notes with Minimum and Maximum Interest Rates  due April 27  2028 06048WXG0 8/31/2018 Puttable Floating Rate Notes  due August 30  2058 06048WXP0 9/12/2018 Puttable Floating Rate Notes  due September 12  2058 06048WYA2 11/9/2018 Puttable Floating Rate Notes  due November 9  2058 06048WYR5 12/10/2018 Puttable Floating Rate Notes  due December 10  2058 06048WYS3 12/18/2018 Floating Rate Notes with Minimum and Maximum Interest Rates  due December 18  2028 06048WYV6 12/26/2018 Puttable Floating Rate Notes  due December 26  2058 06048WZF0 2/7/2019 Puttable Floating Rate Notes  due February 7  2059 XS19023423176 11/13/2018 USD 3 000 000 Floating Rate Notes due November 2028 XS19175719006 12/10/2018 USD 10 000 000 Floating Rate Notes due December 2028 XS19434433306 2/7/2019 USD 3 000 000 Floating Rate Notes due February 2029 XS19585375476 3/13/2019 USD 3 000 000 Floating Rate Notes due March 2029 XS19581898366 3/14/2019 USD 10 000 000 Floating Rate Notes due March 2029BofA Finance Client-Driven NoteCUSIP No. Issue Date Title of Security 09709THC8 7/29/2019 4.00% Issuer Callable Daily Range Accrual Notes Linked to 3-month U.S. Dollar LIBOR  due July 29  2029_________________6 Held through Euroclear Bank SA/NV and/or Clearstream Banking  S.A.  Luxembourg.ANNEX 3 ARRC RECOMMENDED FALLBACK PROVISIONS BAC Benchmark NotesCUSIP No. Issue Date Title of Security 06051GHV4 7/23/2019 3.194% Fixed/Floating Rate Senior Notes  due July 2030 06051GHW2 10/22/2019 2.456% Fixed/Floating Rate Senior Notes  due October 2025 06051GHX0 10/22/2019 2.884% Fixed/Floating Rate Senior Notes  due October 2030 06051GHY8 2/13/2020 2.015% Fixed/Floating Rate Senior Notes  due February 2026 06051GHZ5 2/13/2020 2.496% Fixed/Floating Rate Senior Notes  due February 2031 06051GJA8 3/20/20207 4.083% Fixed/Floating Rate Senior Notes  due March 2051BAC Preferred Stock/Depositary SharesCUSIP No. Issue Date Title of Security 060505FP4 6/20/2019 Depositary Shares  each representing 1/25th interest in a share of Fixed-to-Floating Rate Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock  Series JJ (CUSIP No. for the Series JJ Preferred Stock is 060505FN9) 060505FQ2 1/24/2020 Depositary Shares  each representing 1/25th interest in a share of Fixed-to-Floating Rate Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock  Series MM (CUSIP No. for the Series MM Preferred Stock is 060505FR0)BAC Client-Driven NotesCUSIP No. Issue Date Title of Security 06048WE22 10/24/2019 Puttable Floating Rate Notes  due October 24  2059 06048WF47 11/29/2019 Puttable Floating Rate Notes  due December 1  2059_________________7 Issue Date of 3/27/2020 for additional notes issued in a reopening of this series.ANNEX 4CONFORMING CHANGESThe following are the benchmark replacement conforming changes specified in the LIBOR Rule:(1) Any reference to a specified source for USD LIBOR shall be replaced with the publication of the applicable Board-selected benchmark replacement (inclusive of the applicable tenor spread adjustment) by either the relevant benchmark administrator for the applicable Board-selected benchmark replacement or any third party authorized by the relevant benchmark administrator to publish the applicable Board-selected benchmark replacement. (2) Any reference to a particular time of day for determining USD LIBOR (such as 11:00 a.m. London time) shall be replaced with the standard publication time for the applicable Board-selected benchmark replacement (inclusive of the relevant tenor spread adjustment)  as established by the relevant benchmark administrator. (3) Any provision of any USD LIBOR Securities requiring use of a combination (such as an average) of LIBOR values over a period of time that spans the LIBOR Replacement Date shall be modified to provide that the combination shall be calculated consistent with that contractual provision using (i) the USD LIBOR the applicable tenor for any date prior to the LIBOR Replacement Date and (ii) the applicable Board-selected benchmark replacement rate for any date on or following the LIBOR Replacement Date  respectively. (4) To the extent a Board-selected benchmark replacement is not available or published on a particular day indicated in the USD LIBOR Securities as the determination date  the most recently available publication of the Board-selected benchmark replacement will apply.View original content to download multimedia: https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/bank-of-america-corporation-announces-cme-term-sofr-as-benchmark-replacement-rate-for-certain-outstanding-usd-libor-securities-after-june-30-2023-301787421.htmlSOURCE Bank of America Corporation",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.42,0.19,0.39,True,English,"['Outstanding USD LIBOR Securities', 'CME Term SOFR', 'Benchmark Replacement Rate', 'America Corporation', 'Bank', 'Certain', 'June', 'CME Term SOFR Reference Rate', 'Alternative Reference Rates Committee', 'first London banking date', 'applicable tenor spread adjustment', 'CME Group Benchmark Administration', 'U.S. dollar LIBOR', 'three-month CME Term SOFR', 'applicable USD LIBOR tenor', 'related benchmark replacement date', 'The USD LIBOR Securities', 'floating rate debt securities', 'USD LIBOR Replacement Date', 'applicable corresponding tenor', 'applicable interest, dividend', 'Federal Reserve System', 'Non-Workable Contractual Fallbacks', 'representative USD LIBOR', 'USD LIBOR values', 'three-month USD LIBOR', 'Adjustable Interest Rate', 'Financial Conduct Authority', 'benchmark transition event', 'trust preferred securities', 'USD LIBOR rate', 'other BAC-affiliated issuers', 'other remaining tenors', 'Federal Reserve Bank', 'benchmark replacement rate', 'BofA Finance LLC', 'three-month tenor', 'Determining Person Discretion', 'benchmark rate', 'BofA Securities', 'U.K.', 'LIBOR) Act', 'LIBOR Act', 'LIBOR Rule', 'interpolated rate', 'preferred stock', 'benchmark replacements', 'sole authority', 'N.C.', 'America Corporation', 'depositary shares', 'press release', 'New York', 'distribution payments', 'final rules', 'successor administrator', 'fallback provisions', 'investment bank', 'international standing', 'Delaware law', 'calculation agent', 'March', 'PRNewswire', 'outstanding', 'Annexes', 'connection', 'determination', 'June', 'publication', 'cessation', 'Congress', 'Board', 'Governors', 'expectation', 'calculations', 'terms', 'poll', 'inquiries', 'quotes', 'information', 'operation', 'force', 'effect', 'Inc.', 'ARRC', 'April', 'accordance', 'conditions']",2023-03-31,2023-04-01,marketscreener.com
21918,Clearstream,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/bank-of-america-corporation-announces-cme-term-sofr-as-benchmark-replacement-rate-for-certain-outstanding-usd-libor-securities-after-june-30-2023-301787421.html,Bank of America Corporation Announces CME Term SOFR as Benchmark Replacement Rate for Certain Outstanding USD LIBOR Securities After June 30  2023,"CHARLOTTE  N.C.  March 31  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- Bank of America Corporation (""BAC"") (NYSE: BAC)  BofA Finance LLC (""BofA Finance"") and certain other BAC-affiliated issuers have issued and outstanding certain floating or fixed-to-floating rate debt securities …","CHARLOTTE  N.C.  March 31  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- Bank of America Corporation (""BAC"") (NYSE: BAC)  BofA Finance LLC (""BofA Finance"") and certain other BAC-affiliated issuers have issued and outstanding certain floating or fixed-to-floating rate debt securities  preferred stock represented by depositary shares and trust preferred securities  listed in the Annexes to this press release  that are governed by New York or Delaware law  for which U.S. dollar LIBOR (""USD LIBOR"")  for one- or three-month tenors  serves as the benchmark rate used in connection with the calculation or determination of applicable interest  dividend or distribution payments (the ""USD LIBOR Securities""). On March 5  2021  the U.K.'s Financial Conduct Authority announced that after June 30  2023  USD LIBOR for such tenors (along with other remaining tenors of USD LIBOR) would cease publication or no longer be representative. In connection with the cessation of representative USD LIBOR  on March 15  2022  Congress enacted the Adjustable Interest Rate (LIBOR) Act (the ""LIBOR Act"")  and the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System (the ""Board"") has issued final rules thereunder (the ""LIBOR Rule"").BAC is issuing this press release to announce its expectation that  on the first London banking date after June 30  2023 (the ""LIBOR Replacement Date"")  the CME Term SOFR Reference Rate published for the one- or three-month tenor (that corresponds to the applicable USD LIBOR tenor)  as administered by CME Group Benchmark Administration  Ltd. (or any successor administrator thereof) (""CME Term SOFR"")  plus the applicable tenor spread adjustment described below (such rate being the ""Board-selected benchmark replacement"" under the LIBOR Rule) will be the reference rate for calculations or determinations of applicable interest  dividend or distribution payments for each of the USD LIBOR Securities listed in the Annexes to this press release. The replacement of USD LIBOR as the benchmark rate for each of the USD LIBOR Securities  with CME Term SOFR for the applicable corresponding tenor  plus the applicable tenor spread adjustment  will be effective for determinations under the terms of the USD LIBOR Securities that are made on and after the LIBOR Replacement Date  but will not affect any determinations made prior to the LIBOR Replacement Date.Non-Workable Contractual FallbacksThe USD LIBOR Securities listed in Annex 1 to this press release  contain fallback provisions that provide for (i) a poll or inquiries for quotes or information related to USD LIBOR or (ii) benchmark replacements based on USD LIBOR values (such as the most recently available USD LIBOR rate or USD LIBOR rate as determined by the calculation agent using discretion). Under the LIBOR Act and LIBOR Rule  on the LIBOR Replacement Date  by operation of law (i) these fallback provisions will be disregarded and deemed null and void and without any force or effect  and (ii) USD LIBOR will be replaced as the benchmark rate by CME Term SOFR for the tenor that corresponds to the applicable USD LIBOR tenor  plus the applicable tenor spread adjustment.Determining Person DiscretionThe USD LIBOR Securities listed in Annex 2 to this press release contain fallback provisions authorizing an investment bank of national or international standing  as applicable  to select the benchmark replacement rate for three-month USD LIBOR. Under the LIBOR Act and the LIBOR Rule  such investment bank is the person with the sole authority under the terms of these USD LIBOR Securities to determine a benchmark replacement for USD LIBOR (referred to in the LIBOR Act and LIBOR Rule as the ""determining person""). For each of these USD LIBOR Securities  BAC and BofA Finance  as issuers of such securities  have appointed BofA Securities  Inc. as the determining person  and it has selected three-month CME Term SOFR  plus the applicable tenor spread adjustment  as the benchmark replacement for three-month USD LIBOR on and after the LIBOR Replacement Date.ARRC Recommended Fallback ProvisionsThe USD LIBOR Securities listed in Annex 3 to this press release contain fallback provisions for three-month USD LIBOR substantially in the form recommended on April 25  2019 by the Alternative Reference Rates Committee (""ARRC"") convened by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York. For each of these USD LIBOR Securities  in accordance with these fallback provisions  it is expected that USD LIBOR will be replaced as the benchmark rate by CME Term SOFR for the applicable tenor  plus the applicable tenor spread adjustment  on and after the USD LIBOR Replacement Date  if BAC  as issuer  determines that a benchmark transition event and the related benchmark replacement date (as such terms are defined in such securities) have occurred and an interpolated rate (as such term is defined in such securities) cannot be determined. BAC  as issuer of these USD LIBOR Securities  expects these conditions to be satisfied on and after the LIBOR Replacement Date  such that three-month CME Term SOFR  plus the applicable tenor spread adjustment  will replace three-month USD LIBOR for each of these Annex 3 USD LIBOR Securities on and after the LIBOR Replacement Date in the same manner as described above for the Annex 1 and Annex 2 USD LIBOR Securities.Tenor Spread AdjustmentThe tenor spread adjustment for CME Term SOFR with respect to the following tenors of USD LIBOR  as set forth in the LIBOR Act and the LIBOR Rule  is:Tenor Tenor spread adjustment One Month 0.11448 % Three Months 0.26161 %Conforming ChangesFor the USD LIBOR Securities for which the Board-selected benchmark replacement becomes the benchmark replacement for USD LIBOR by operation of law under the LIBOR Act (the USD LIBOR Securities listed in Annex 1) or because selected as such by a determining person (the USD LIBOR Securities listed in Annex 2)  the LIBOR Rule provides that certain benchmark replacement conforming changes will become an integral part of such securities by operation of law. See Annex 4 for a description of such conforming changes. In addition  a person responsible for calculating or determining any valuation  payment or other measurement based on a benchmark (a ""calculating person"") has the authority under the LIBOR Act and the LIBOR Rule to make certain additional benchmark replacement conforming changes (in addition to those specified in LIBOR Rule) under securities such as the USD LIBOR Securities listed in Annex 1 and Annex 2 without any requirement to obtain consent from any other person. Any such additional changes that the applicable calculating person makes with respect to such USD LIBOR Securities will become an integral part of the applicable securities by operation of law and be the subject of a separate announcement on the Investors/Fixed Income portion of BAC's website.Under the terms of the USD LIBOR Securities listed in Annex 3  BAC  as issuer  will have the right to make benchmark replacement conforming changes. It is expected that BAC will determine that the benchmark replacement conforming changes adopted by the Board under the LIBOR Rule will also apply to such USD LIBOR Securities. If BAC makes any additional benchmark replacement conforming changes with respect to such USD LIBOR Securities  such additional changes will be the subject of a separate announcement on the Investors/Fixed Income portion of BAC's website.This press release applies only to the USD LIBOR Securities listed in the Annexes to this press release and does not relate to any other securities or other instruments. In advance of the LIBOR Replacement Date  further notices relating to CME Term SOFR as the benchmark replacement rate for USD LIBOR for the USD LIBOR Securities held through The Depository Trust Company (""DTC"") will be made pursuant to the DTC LIBOR Replacement Index Communication Tool.Forward-Looking StatementsCertain statements contained in this press release may constitute ""forward-looking statements"" within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements made in this press release include  without limitation  statements concerning the expected transition of the Annex 3 USD LIBOR Securities to CME Term SOFR for the applicable tenor  plus the applicable spread adjustment. These statements are not guarantees of future results or performance and involve certain risks  uncertainties and assumptions that are difficult to predict or beyond our control. You should not place undue reliance on any forward-looking statement and should consider the uncertainties with respect to such transition and resulting risks that such transition would not occur  and including those discussed under Item 1A. ""Risk Factors"" in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31  2022  and in any of our subsequent Securities and Exchange Commission filings. Forward-looking statements speak only as of the date they are made  and except as required by the U.S. federal securities laws  we undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking statement to reflect the impact of circumstances or events that arise after the date the forward-looking statement was made.Bank of AmericaBank of America is one of the world's leading financial institutions  serving individual consumers  small and middle-market businesses and large corporations with a full range of banking  investing  asset management and other financial and risk management products and services. The company provides unmatched convenience in the United States  serving approximately 67 million consumer and small business clients with approximately 3 900 retail financial centers  approximately 16 000 ATMs  and award-winning digital banking with approximately 56 million verified digital users. Bank of America is a global leader in wealth management  corporate and investment banking and trading across a broad range of asset classes  serving corporations  governments  institutions and individuals around the world. Bank of America offers industry-leading support to approximately 3 million small business households through a suite of innovative  easy-to-use online products and services. The company serves clients through operations across the United States  its territories and approximately 35 countries. Bank of America Corporation stock (NYSE: BAC) is listed on the New York Stock Exchange.For more Bank of America news  visit the Bank of America newsroom and register for email news alerts.www.bankofamerica.comInvestors May Contact:Lee McEntire  Bank of AmericaPhone: 1.980.388.6780[email protected]Jonathan Blum  Bank of America (Fixed Income)Phone: 1.212.449.3112[email protected]Reporters May Contact:Bill Halldin  Bank of AmericaPhone: 1.916.724.0093[email protected]Christopher P. Feeney  Bank of AmericaPhone: 1.980.386.6794[email protected]ANNEX 1 NON-WORKABLE CONTRACTUAL FALLBACKS BAC Benchmark NotesCUSIP No./ISIN Issue Date Title of Security 63858REX51 3/23/1998 Senior Medium-Term Floating Rate Notes  due March 2038 06050MAA5 5/21/1999 Senior Medium-Term Floating Rate Notes  due May 2039 06050MAB31 6/30/1999 Senior Medium-Term Floating Rate Notes  due June 2039 06050MAD9 10/26/1999 Senior Medium-Term Floating Rate Notes  due October 2039 06050MAG2 12/17/1999 Senior Medium-Term Floating Rate Notes  due December 2039 06050MAZ0 11/27/2000 Senior Medium-Term Floating Rate Notes  due November 2040 06050MBS5 12/28/2001 Senior Medium-Term Floating Rate Notes  due December 2041 59022CAA12 9/12/2006 Floating Rate Subordinated Notes Due September 15  2026 XS02725578761 3 10/25/2006 Registered Floating Rate Notes due October  2027 5901886X12 11/27/2006 Floating Rate Subordinated Notes Due December 1  2026 59018YT432 9/22/2008 Senior Medium-Term Floating Rate Notes  due January 2037 06051GGF0 1/20/2017 3.824% Fixed/Floating Rate Senior Notes  due January 2028 06051GGG8 1/20/2017 4.443% Fixed/Floating Rate Senior Notes  due January 2048 06051GGM5 4/24/2017 4.244% Fixed/Floating Rate Senior Notes  due April 2038 06051GGL7 4/24/2017 3.705% Fixed/Floating Rate Senior Notes  due April 2028 06051GGR4 7/21/2017 3.593% Fixed/Floating Rate Senior Notes  due July 2028 06051GGT0 9/18/2017 3.093% Fixed/Floating Rate Senior Notes  due October 2025 U0R8A1AB3/ 06051GGW3 12/20/2017 3.419% Fixed/Floating Rate Senior Notes  due 2028 06051GHD4406051GGZ6 1/23/2018 3.366% Fixed/Floating Rate Senior Notes  due January 2026 06051GHA0 1/23/2018 3.946% Fixed/Floating Rate Senior Notes  due January 2049 06051GHB8 2/5/2018 Floating Rate Senior Notes  due February 2026BAC Preferred Stock/Depositary Shares CUSIP No. Issue Date Title of Security 060505633 11/1/20045 Depositary shares  each representing a 1/1 200th interest in a share of Floating Rate Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock  Series 1 (CUSIP No. for the Series 1 Preferred Stock is 060505542) 060505625 3/14/20055 Depositary shares  each representing a 1/1 200th interest in a share of Floating Rate Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock  Series 2 (CUSIP No. for the Series 2 Preferred Stock is 060505534) 060505591 11/17/20055 Depositary shares  each representing a 1/1 200th interest in a share of Floating Rate Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock  Series 4 (CUSIP No. for the Series 4 Preferred Stock is 060505518) 060505815 11/6/2006 Depositary shares  each representing a 1/1 000th interest in a share of Floating Rate Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock  Series E (CUSIP No. for the Series E Preferred Stock is 060505799) 060505583 3/20/20075 Depositary shares  each representing a 1/1 200th interest in a share of Floating Rate Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock  Series 5 (CUSIP No. for the Series 5 Preferred Stock is 060505492) 060505ED2 5/29/2013 Depositary Shares  each representing 1/25th interest in a share of Fixed-to-Floating Rate Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock  Series U (CUSIP No. for the Series U Preferred Stock is 060505EE0) 060505EH3 9/5/2014 Depositary Shares  each representing 1/25th interest in a share of Fixed-to-Floating Rate Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock  Series X (CUSIP No. for the Series X Preferred Stock is 060505EJ9) 060505EL4 10/23/2014 Depositary Shares  each representing 1/25th interest in a share of Fixed-to-Floating Rate Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock  Series Z (CUSIP No. for the Series Z Preferred Stock is 060505EM2) 060505EN0 3/17/2015 Depositary Shares  each representing 1/25th interest in a share of Fixed-to-Floating Rate Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock  Series AA (CUSIP No. for the Series AA Preferred Stock is 060505EP5) 060505EU4 3/10/2016 Depositary Shares  each representing 1/25th interest in a share of Fixed-to-Floating Rate Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock  Series DD (CUSIP No. for the Series DD Preferred Stock is 060505EV2)BAC Client-Driven NotesCUSIP No. Issue Date Title of Security 06048WPV6 10/30/2014 Fixed to Floating Rate Notes with a Maximum Interest Rate  due October 30  2024 06048WPZ7 11/25/2014 Fixed to Floating Rate Notes with a Maximum Interest Rate  due November 25  2024 06048WTR1 10/28/2016 Fixed to Floating Rate Notes with a Maximum Interest Rate  due October 28  2026 06048WUS7 8/28/2017 Fixed to Floating Rate Notes with a Maximum Interest Rate  due August 28  2027BAC Capital Trust XIII Trust Preferred SecuritiesCUSIP No. Issue Date Title of Security 05518UAA5 2/16/2007 Floating Rate Preferred Hybrid Income Term Securities of BAC Capital Trust XIII (CUSIP No. for the underlying Series F Preferred Stock is 060505377)BAC Capital Trust XIV Trust Preferred SecuritiesCUSIP No. Issue Date Title of Security 05518VAA3 2/16/2007 5.63% Fixed to Floating Rate Preferred Hybrid Income Term Securities of BAC Capital Trust XIV (CUSIP No. for the underlying Series G Preferred Stock is 060505385)BAC Capital Trust XV Trust Preferred SecuritiesCUSIP No. Issue Date Title of Security 05518WAA1 5/31/2007 Floating Rate Capital Securities of BAC Capital Trust XV (CUSIP No. for the underlying junior subordinated notes is 060505DF8)_________________1 The benchmark rate for these USD LIBOR Securities is one-month USD LIBOR. For all other USD LIBOR Securities  the benchmark rate is three-month USD LIBOR. 2 Originally issued by Merrill Lynch & Co.  Inc. (""ML&Co.""). 3 Held through Euroclear Bank SA/NV and/or Clearstream Banking  S.A.  Luxembourg. 4 These notes of this series (CUSIP No. 06051GHD4) were issued on 5/24/2018 in exchange for outstanding notes of this series (CUSIP Nos. U0R8A1AB3 and 06051GGW3) previously issued on 12/20/2017. Certain notes of this series issued on 12/20/2017 were not exchanged and remain outstanding. 5 This is the date that ML&Co. originally issued shares of its preferred stock that were exchanged for shares of corresponding BAC preferred stock in the merger of BAC and ML&Co. on 1/1/2009.ANNEX 2 DETERMINING PERSON DISCRETION BAC Benchmark NotesCUSIP No. Issue Date Title of Security 06051GHG7 3/5/2018 3.970% Fixed/Floating Rate Senior Notes  due March 2029 06051GHL6 7/23/2018 3.864% Fixed/Floating Rate Senior Notes  due July 2024 06051GHK8 7/23/2018 Floating Rate Senior Notes  due July 2024 06051GHM4 7/23/2018 4.271% Fixed/Floating Rate Senior Notes  due July 2029 06051GHQ5 2/7/2019 3.974% Fixed/Floating Rate Senior Notes  due February 2030 06051GHR3 3/15/2019 3.458% Fixed/Floating Rate Senior Notes  due March 2025 06051GHS1 3/15/2019 4.330% Fixed/Floating Rate Senior Notes  due March 2050 06051GHT9 4/23/2019 3.559% Fixed/Floating Rate Senior Notes  due April 2027 06051GHU6 4/23/2019 4.078% Fixed/Floating Rate Senior Notes  due April 2040BAC Preferred Stock/Depositary SharesCUSIP No. Issue Date Title of Security 060505FL3 3/15/2018 Depositary Shares  each representing 1/25th interest in a share of Fixed-to-Floating Rate Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock  Series FF (CUSIP No. for the Series FF Preferred Stock is 060505FK5)BAC Client-Driven NotesCUSIP No./ISIN Issue Date Title of Security 06048WWH9 4/23/2018 Puttable Floating Rate Notes  due April 23  2058 06048WWN6 4/27/2018 Floating Rate Notes with Minimum and Maximum Interest Rates  due April 27  2028 06048WXG0 8/31/2018 Puttable Floating Rate Notes  due August 30  2058 06048WXP0 9/12/2018 Puttable Floating Rate Notes  due September 12  2058 06048WYA2 11/9/2018 Puttable Floating Rate Notes  due November 9  2058 06048WYR5 12/10/2018 Puttable Floating Rate Notes  due December 10  2058 06048WYS3 12/18/2018 Floating Rate Notes with Minimum and Maximum Interest Rates  due December 18  2028 06048WYV6 12/26/2018 Puttable Floating Rate Notes  due December 26  2058 06048WZF0 2/7/2019 Puttable Floating Rate Notes  due February 7  2059 XS19023423176 11/13/2018 USD 3 000 000 Floating Rate Notes due November 2028 XS19175719006 12/10/2018 USD 10 000 000 Floating Rate Notes due December 2028 XS19434433306 2/7/2019 USD 3 000 000 Floating Rate Notes due February 2029 XS19585375476 3/13/2019 USD 3 000 000 Floating Rate Notes due March 2029 XS19581898366 3/14/2019 USD 10 000 000 Floating Rate Notes due March 2029BofA Finance Client-Driven NoteCUSIP No. Issue Date Title of Security 09709THC8 7/29/2019 4.00% Issuer Callable Daily Range Accrual Notes Linked to 3-month U.S. Dollar LIBOR  due July 29  2029_________________6 Held through Euroclear Bank SA/NV and/or Clearstream Banking  S.A.  Luxembourg.ANNEX 3 ARRC RECOMMENDED FALLBACK PROVISIONS BAC Benchmark NotesCUSIP No. Issue Date Title of Security 06051GHV4 7/23/2019 3.194% Fixed/Floating Rate Senior Notes  due July 2030 06051GHW2 10/22/2019 2.456% Fixed/Floating Rate Senior Notes  due October 2025 06051GHX0 10/22/2019 2.884% Fixed/Floating Rate Senior Notes  due October 2030 06051GHY8 2/13/2020 2.015% Fixed/Floating Rate Senior Notes  due February 2026 06051GHZ5 2/13/2020 2.496% Fixed/Floating Rate Senior Notes  due February 2031 06051GJA8 3/20/20207 4.083% Fixed/Floating Rate Senior Notes  due March 2051BAC Preferred Stock/Depositary SharesCUSIP No. Issue Date Title of Security 060505FP4 6/20/2019 Depositary Shares  each representing 1/25th interest in a share of Fixed-to-Floating Rate Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock  Series JJ (CUSIP No. for the Series JJ Preferred Stock is 060505FN9) 060505FQ2 1/24/2020 Depositary Shares  each representing 1/25th interest in a share of Fixed-to-Floating Rate Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock  Series MM (CUSIP No. for the Series MM Preferred Stock is 060505FR0)BAC Client-Driven NotesCUSIP No. Issue Date Title of Security 06048WE22 10/24/2019 Puttable Floating Rate Notes  due October 24  2059 06048WF47 11/29/2019 Puttable Floating Rate Notes  due December 1  2059_________________7 Issue Date of 3/27/2020 for additional notes issued in a reopening of this series.ANNEX 4CONFORMING CHANGESThe following are the benchmark replacement conforming changes specified in the LIBOR Rule:(1) Any reference to a specified source for USD LIBOR shall be replaced with the publication of the applicable Board-selected benchmark replacement (inclusive of the applicable tenor spread adjustment) by either the relevant benchmark administrator for the applicable Board-selected benchmark replacement or any third party authorized by the relevant benchmark administrator to publish the applicable Board-selected benchmark replacement. (2) Any reference to a particular time of day for determining USD LIBOR (such as 11:00 a.m. London time) shall be replaced with the standard publication time for the applicable Board-selected benchmark replacement (inclusive of the relevant tenor spread adjustment)  as established by the relevant benchmark administrator. (3) Any provision of any USD LIBOR Securities requiring use of a combination (such as an average) of LIBOR values over a period of time that spans the LIBOR Replacement Date shall be modified to provide that the combination shall be calculated consistent with that contractual provision using (i) the USD LIBOR the applicable tenor for any date prior to the LIBOR Replacement Date and (ii) the applicable Board-selected benchmark replacement rate for any date on or following the LIBOR Replacement Date  respectively. (4) To the extent a Board-selected benchmark replacement is not available or published on a particular day indicated in the USD LIBOR Securities as the determination date  the most recently available publication of the Board-selected benchmark replacement will apply.SOURCE Bank of America Corporation",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.42,0.19,0.39,True,English,"['Outstanding USD LIBOR Securities', 'CME Term SOFR', 'Benchmark Replacement Rate', 'America Corporation', 'Bank', 'Certain', 'June', 'CME Term SOFR Reference Rate', 'Alternative Reference Rates Committee', 'first London banking date', 'applicable tenor spread adjustment', 'CME Group Benchmark Administration', 'U.S. dollar LIBOR', 'three-month CME Term SOFR', 'applicable USD LIBOR tenor', 'related benchmark replacement date', 'The USD LIBOR Securities', 'floating rate debt securities', 'USD LIBOR Replacement Date', 'applicable corresponding tenor', 'applicable interest, dividend', 'Federal Reserve System', 'Non-Workable Contractual Fallbacks', 'representative USD LIBOR', 'USD LIBOR values', 'three-month USD LIBOR', 'Adjustable Interest Rate', 'Financial Conduct Authority', 'benchmark transition event', 'trust preferred securities', 'USD LIBOR rate', 'other BAC-affiliated issuers', 'other remaining tenors', 'Federal Reserve Bank', 'benchmark replacement rate', 'BofA Finance LLC', 'three-month tenor', 'Determining Person Discretion', 'benchmark rate', 'BofA Securities', 'U.K.', 'LIBOR) Act', 'LIBOR Act', 'LIBOR Rule', 'interpolated rate', 'preferred stock', 'benchmark replacements', 'sole authority', 'N.C.', 'America Corporation', 'depositary shares', 'press release', 'New York', 'distribution payments', 'final rules', 'successor administrator', 'fallback provisions', 'investment bank', 'international standing', 'Delaware law', 'calculation agent', 'March', 'PRNewswire', 'outstanding', 'Annexes', 'connection', 'determination', 'June', 'publication', 'cessation', 'Congress', 'Board', 'Governors', 'expectation', 'calculations', 'terms', 'poll', 'inquiries', 'quotes', 'information', 'operation', 'force', 'effect', 'Inc.', 'ARRC', 'April', 'accordance', 'conditions']",2023-03-31,2023-04-01,prnewswire.com
21919,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,ClearStream,nan,ClearStream,neutral,0.46,0.54,0.01,neutral,0.46,0.54,0.01,True,English,"['ClearStream', 'ClearStream']",2023-04-01,2023-04-01,Unknown
21920,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/convening-annual-general-meeting-euronext-154500463.html,Convening of the Annual General Meeting of Euronext N.V.,Contacts Media Contact Investor Relations Amsterdam +31 20 721 4133 Brussels +32 2 620 15 50 +33 1 70 48 24 27 Dublin +33 1 70 48 24 45 Lisbon +351 210 600...,"EuronextContacts Media Contact Investor Relations Amsterdam +31 20 721 4133 Brussels +32 2 620 15 50 +33 1 70 48 24 27 Dublin +33 1 70 48 24 45 Lisbon +351 210 600 614 Milan +39 02 72 42 62 12 Oslo +47 41 69 59 10 Paris +33 1 70 48 24 45Convening of the Annual General Meeting of Euronext N.V.Amsterdam  Brussels  Dublin  Lisbon  Milan  Oslo and Paris – 31 March 2023 – Euronext today announced that the Annual General Meeting (“AGM”) will take place on Wednesday 17 May 2023 at 10.30 CEST at Beursplein 5  1012 JW Amsterdam  The Netherlands.The agenda for the meeting is as follows:Opening Presentation of the Chief Executive Officer (discussion item) Annual report 2022 Explanation of the policy on additions to reserves and dividends (discussion item) Proposal to adopt the 2022 remuneration report (voting item 1) Proposal to adopt the 2022 financial statements (voting item 2) Proposal to adopt a dividend of €2.22 per ordinary share (voting item 3) Proposal to discharge the members of the Managing Board in respect of their duties performed during the year 2022 (voting item 4) Proposal to discharge the members of the Supervisory Board in respect of their duties performed during the year 2022 (voting item 5) Composition of the Supervisory Board Re-appointment of Nathalie Rachou as a member of the Supervisory Board (voting item 6) Re-appointment of Morten Thorsrud as a member of the Supervisory Board (voting item 7) Composition of the Managing Board Re-appointment of Stéphane Boujnah as a member of the Managing Board (voting item 8) Re-appointment of Daryl Byrne as a member of the Managing Board (voting item 9) Re-appointment of Chris Topple as a member of the Managing Board (voting item 10) Re-appointment of Isabel Ucha as a member of the Managing Board (voting item 11) Appointment of Manuel Bento as a member of the Managing Board (voting item 12) Appointment of Benoît van den Hove as a member of the Managing Board (voting item 13) Proposal to appoint the external auditor (voting item 14) Proposal to designate the Managing Board as the competent body: to issue ordinary shares (voting item 15); and to restrict or exclude the pre-emptive rights of shareholders (voting item 16) Proposal to authorise the Managing Board to acquire ordinary shares in the share capital of the company on behalf of the company (voting item 17) Any other business CloseStory continuesThe AGM will be conducted in English.Registration date AGMPursuant to Dutch law and Euronext N.V.’s Articles of Association  the persons who will be considered as entitled to attend and vote at the AGM are those persons who are registered as such in the administrations held by their financial intermediaries (the “Shareholders”) on 19 April 2023  after processing of all settlements on that date (the “Registration Date”).Registration and voting instructionsShareholders holding their shares through Euroclear France S.A. (i.e. the public) who wish to attend the AGM  provide instructions or grant a power of attorney to vote on their behalf  must complete the form (voting form / attendance card request) provided for this purpose by their financial intermediary or by Euronext Securities Department – Uptevia. The Shareholders should be aware that these documents must be received  no later than on Thursday 11 May 2023 by their financial intermediary for receipt no later than on Friday 12 May 2023 by Uptevia  Assemblées Générales  9 rue du Débarcadère 93761 Pantin Cedex  France. The financial intermediary should deliver to the Shareholder a certificate of holding containing: name and city of residence of the Shareholder; number of shares; name and city of residence of the attendee (if different from the Shareholder) and declaration that the shares were in custody with the Euroclear France-admitted institution on the Registration Date. This certificate will serve as the admission certificate for the AGM for the Shareholder.Shareholders holding their shares through Interbolsa in Portugal who wish to attend the AGM  provide instructions or grant a power of attorney to vote on their behalf  must complete the form (voting form / attendance card request) provided for this purpose by Euronext Securities Department – Uptevia Corporate Trust. The Shareholders should be aware that these documents must be received  no later than on Thursday 11 May 2023 by their financial intermediary for receipt no later than on Friday 12 May 2023 by BNP Paribas Securities Services  PT Local Team  Edificio ART’S – Av. D. Joao II – Lote 1.18.01  Bloco B  1998-028 Lisboa  Portugal. The financial intermediary should deliver to the Shareholder a certificate of holding containing: name and city of residence of the Shareholder; number of shares on the Registration Date; name and city of residence of the attendee (if different from the Shareholder). This certificate will serve as admission certificate for the AGM for the Shareholder.Persons without a valid admission certificate will not be given access to the meeting. Attendants may be asked for identification prior to being admitted.At the time of the publication of this convening notice  Euronext’s total issued share capital in number of issued shares and in voting rights is published on Euronext’s website:https://www.euronext.com/en/investor-relations/capital-and-shareholdingWebcastThere will be a live broadcast of the AGM viahttps://channel.royalcast.com/landingpage/euronextwebcast/20230517_1/AGM DocumentationThe AGM Documentation (i.e. this convening notice  the agenda and the explanatory notes thereto including the information on the persons to be appointed to the Supervisory Board and the Managing Board  as well as the 2022 Annual Report) is available:at the registered office of Euronext N.V.: Beursplein 5  1012 JW Amsterdam  The Netherlandsby email request to EuronextCorporateSecretary@euronext.comon Euronext’s website https://www.euronext.com/en/investor-relations/shareholder-meetingsat Uptevia - CTS Assemblées Générales – 9 rue du Débarcadère  93761 Pantin Cedex  France - + 33 1 57 43 02 30Managing Board and Supervisory Board of Euronext N.V.Beursplein 5  1012 JW Amsterdam  The NetherlandsRegistered at the Dutch Chamber of Commerce  under number 60234520CONTACTS MEDIA – mediateam@euronext.com Aurélie Cohen (Europe) +33 1 70 48 24 45 parispressoffice@euronext.com Marianne Aalders (Amsterdam) +31 20 721 41 33 maalders@euronext.com Pascal Brabant (Brussels) +32 2 620 15 50 pbrabant@euronext.com Sandra Machado (Lisbon) +351 210 600 614 smachado@euronext.com Andrea Monzani (Europe/Milan/Rome) +39 02 72 42 62 13 italypressoffice@euronext.com Cathrine Lorvik Segerlund (Oslo) +47 41 69 59 10 clsegerlund@euronext.com Sarah Mound (Corporate  Paris) +33 1 70 48 24 45 smound@euronext.com Coralie Patri (Europe – Corporate Services) +33 7 88 34 27 44 cpatri@euronext.comANALYSTS & INVESTORS – ir@euronext.com Aurélie Cohen +33 1 70 48 24 27 ir@euronext.com Clément Kubiak +33 1 70 48 26 33 ir@euronext.comAbout EuronextEuronext is the leading pan-European market infrastructure  connecting European economies to global capital markets  to accelerate innovation and sustainable growth. It operates regulated exchanges in Belgium  France  Ireland  Italy  the Netherlands  Norway and Portugal. With close to 1 930 listed equity issuers and around €6.3 trillion in market capitalisation as of end December 2022  it has an unmatched blue chip franchise and a strong diverse domestic and international client base. Euronext operates regulated and transparent equity and derivatives markets  one of Europe’s leading electronic fixed income trading markets and is the largest centre for debt and funds listings in the world. Its total product offering includes Equities  FX  Exchange Traded Funds  Warrants & Certificates  Bonds  Derivatives  Commodities and Indices. The Group provides a multi-asset clearing house through Euronext Clearing  and custody and settlement services through Euronext Securities central securities depositories in Denmark  Italy  Norway and Portugal. Euronext also leverages its expertise in running markets by providing technology and managed services to third parties. In addition to its main regulated market  it also operates a number of junior markets  simplifying access to listing for SMEs.For the latest news  go to euronext.com or follow us on Twitter (twitter.com/euronext) and LinkedIn (linkedin.com/euronext).DisclaimerThis press release is for information purposes only: it is not a recommendation to engage in investment activities and is provided “as is”  without representation or warranty of any kind. While all reasonable care has been taken to ensure the accuracy of the content  Euronext does not guarantee its accuracy or completeness. Euronext will not be held liable for any loss or damages of any nature ensuing from using  trusting or acting on information provided. No information set out or referred to in this publication may be regarded as creating any right or obligation. The creation of rights and obligations in respect of financial products that are traded on the exchanges operated by Euronext’s subsidiaries shall depend solely on the applicable rules of the market operator. All proprietary rights and interest in or connected with this publication shall vest in Euronext. This press release speaks only as of this date. Euronext refers to Euronext N.V. and its affiliates. Information regarding trademarks and intellectual property rights of Euronext is available at www.euronext.com/terms-use.© 2023  Euronext N.V. - All rights reserved.The Euronext Group processes your personal data in order to provide you with information about Euronext (the ""Purpose""). With regard to the processing of this personal data  Euronext will comply with its obligations under Regulation (EU) 2016/679 of the European Parliament and Council of 27 April 2016 (General Data Protection Regulation  “GDPR”)  and any applicable national laws  rules and regulations implementing the GDPR  as provided in its privacy statement available at: www.euronext.com/privacy-policy. In accordance with the applicable legislation you have rights with regard to the processing of your personal data: for more information on your rights  please refer to: www.euronext.com/data_subjects_rights_request_information. To make a request regarding the processing of your data or to unsubscribe from this press release service  please use our data subject request form at connect2.euronext.com/form/data-subjects-rights-request or email our Data Protection Officer at dpo@euronext.com.Attachment",neutral,0.17,0.83,0.0,mixed,0.2,0.38,0.43,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'Euronext N.V.', 'Contacts Media Contact Investor Relations', 'Benoît van den Hove', '9 rue du Débarcadère', 'Assemblées Générales', 'Av. D. Joao II', 'BNP Paribas Securities Services', 'Euroclear France S.A.', 'Euroclear France-admitted institution', 'Edificio ART’S', 'Euronext N.V.', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'Stéphane Boujnah', 'attendance card request', 'PT Local Team', 'Euronext Securities Department', 'Uptevia Corporate Trust', 'Annual General Meeting', 'valid admission certificate', 'Annual report', 'The Netherlands', 'Opening Presentation', '2022 remuneration report', '2022 financial statements', 'ordinary share', 'Managing Board', 'Supervisory Board', 'Nathalie Rachou', 'Morten Thorsrud', 'Daryl Byrne', 'Chris Topple', 'Isabel Ucha', 'Manuel Bento', 'external auditor', 'competent body', 'pre-emptive rights', 'share capital', 'other business', 'Dutch law', 'financial intermediaries', 'financial intermediary', 'Pantin Cedex', 'Bloco B', 'Wednesday 17 May', 'Thursday 11 May', 'Registration date', '1012 JW Amsterdam', 'voting instructions', 'The Shareholders', 'Friday 12 May', 'voting form', 'The AGM', 'discussion item', 'shares', 'Brussels', 'Dublin', 'Lisbon', 'Milan', 'Oslo', 'Paris', '31 March', 'place', '10.30 CEST', 'Beursplein', 'agenda', 'Explanation', 'policy', 'additions', 'reserves', 'dividends', 'Proposal', 'members', 'respect', 'duties', 'year', 'Composition', 'appointment', 'company', 'behalf', 'Story', 'English', 'Articles', 'Association', 'persons', 'administrations', '19 April', 'processing', 'settlements', 'public', 'power', 'attorney', 'purpose', 'documents', 'receipt', 'holding', 'name', 'city', 'residence', 'number', 'attendee', 'custody', 'Interbolsa', 'Portugal', 'Lote', 'Lisboa', 'access', 'Attendants', 'identification', 'time']",2023-03-31,2023-04-01,finance.yahoo.com
21921,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/asm-international-n-v-announces-141500823.html,ASM INTERNATIONAL N.V. ANNOUNCES THE AVAILABILITY OF THE 2023 AGM MATERIALS,Almere  the NetherlandsMarch 31  2023 ASM International N.V. (Euronext Amsterdam: ASM) today announces that the information regarding the Annual General...,ASM International NVAlmere  the NetherlandsMarch 31  2023ASM International N.V. (Euronext Amsterdam: ASM) today announces that the information regarding the Annual General Meeting scheduled for May 15  2023 (AGM)  is now available on the Company's website. This information includes the convocation  the agenda and annexes thereto. The U.S. market proxy materials for holders of New York Registry Shares are also posted on our website.The AGM will commence at 2:00 p.m. CET.The AGM can be attended in person by shareholders. Our shareholders are also offered the possibility to exercise their voting rights by proxy and to follow (view and hear only) the meeting through our live webcast.The agenda for the AGM includes  amongst others  a change of the remuneration policy for the Management Board  approval of the proposal to declare a regular dividend of €2.50 per common share  approval of reappointment of KPMG Accountants N.V. for the financial year 2023 and the financial year 2024 and approval of the annual accounts of 2022.In accordance with applicable legal requirements in the Netherlands the record date for the AGM is April 17  2023. The total number of issued shares in ASM International N.V. as per today amounts to 49 348 548 common shares. Considering the number of shares held in treasury as per today  amounting to 10 476 shares  the number of voting shares amounts to 49 338 072.About ASM InternationalASM International N.V.  headquartered in Almere  the Netherlands  and its subsidiaries design and manufacture equipment and process solutions to produce semiconductor devices for wafer processing  and have facilities in the United States  Europe  and Asia. ASM International's common stock trades on the Euronext Amsterdam Stock Exchange (symbol ASM). For more information  visit ASM's website at www.asm.com .Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements: All matters discussed in this press release  except for any historical data  are forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements. These include  but are not limited to  economic conditions and trends in the semiconductor industry generally and the timing of the industry cycles specifically  currency fluctuations  corporate transactions  financing and liquidity matters  the success of restructurings  the timing of significant orders  market acceptance of new products  competitive factors  litigation involving intellectual property  shareholders or other issues  commercial and economic disruption due to natural disasters  terrorist activity  armed conflict or political instability  changes in import/export regulations  epidemics and other risks indicated in the Company's reports and financial statements. The Company assumes no obligation nor intends to update or revise any forward-looking statements to reflect future developments or circumstances.Story continuesCONTACTInvestor and Media contact:Victor BareñoT: +31 88 100 8500E: investor.relations@asm.com,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.31,0.14,0.54,True,English,"['ASM INTERNATIONAL N.V. ANNOUNCES', '2023 AGM MATERIALS', 'AVAILABILITY', 'THE', 'The U.S. market proxy materials', 'KPMG Accountants N.V.', 'Victor Bareño T', 'Euronext Amsterdam Stock Exchange', 'ASM International N.V.', 'New York Registry Shares', 'applicable legal requirements', 'common stock trades', 'ASM International NV', 'Annual General Meeting', 'market acceptance', 'new products', 'annual accounts', 'The AGM', 'common share', 'The Company', 'voting rights', 'live webcast', 'remuneration policy', 'Management Board', 'regular dividend', 'financial year', 'record date', 'process solutions', 'semiconductor devices', 'wafer processing', 'United States', 'Cautionary Note', 'Forward-Looking Statements', 'press release', 'historical data', 'actual results', 'economic conditions', 'semiconductor industry', 'industry cycles', 'currency fluctuations', 'corporate transactions', 'significant orders', 'competitive factors', 'intellectual property', 'other issues', 'economic disruption', 'natural disasters', 'terrorist activity', 'armed conflict', 'political instability', 'import/export regulations', 'financial statements', 'future developments', 'voting shares', 'liquidity matters', 'other risks', 'Media contact', 'total number', '10,476 shares', 'Almere', 'Netherlands', 'March', 'information', 'May', 'website', 'convocation', 'agenda', 'annexes', 'holders', 'person', 'possibility', 'others', 'approval', 'proposal', 'reappointment', 'accordance', 'April', 'today', 'treasury', 'subsidiaries', 'manufacture', 'equipment', 'facilities', 'Europe', 'Asia', 'symbol', 'uncertainties', 'trends', 'timing', 'financing', 'success', 'restructurings', 'litigation', 'commercial', 'changes', 'epidemics', 'reports', 'obligation', 'circumstances', 'Story', 'Investor', '2:00']",2023-03-31,2023-04-01,finance.yahoo.com
21922,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/valneva-announces-filing-2022-universal-050000440.html,Valneva Announces Filing of 2022 Universal Registration Document and US Form 20-F,Saint-Herblain (France)  March 31  2023 – Valneva SE (Nasdaq: VALN; Euronext Paris: VLA)  a specialty vaccine company  announced today the filing  on March...,VALNEVASaint-Herblain (France)  March 31  2023 – Valneva SE (Nasdaq: VALN; Euronext Paris: VLA)  a specialty vaccine company  announced today the filing  on March 30 2023  of its 2022 Universal Registration Document (URD) with the French Financial Markets Authority (AMF) under the filing number D.23-0199 and its Form 20-F with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC).Valneva’s 2022 Universal Registration Document includes the Company’s 2022 audited Annual Financial Report  the Management Board Report  the Supervisory Board’s report on Corporate Governance and the Group’s Corporate Social Responsibility Report.These documents are available on Valneva’s website (https://valneva.com/investors/financial-reports/) and will also be available on the AMF (www.amf-france.org) and SEC (www.sec.gov) websites  respectively. Hard copies of these documents may be obtained from the Company  free of charge  upon request at the following address: 6 rue Alain Bombard  44800 Saint-Herblain  France.About Valneva SEValneva is a specialty vaccine company focused on the development  manufacturing and commercialization of prophylactic vaccines for infectious diseases with significant unmet medical need. The Company takes a highly specialized and targeted approach to vaccine development and then applies its deep understanding of vaccine science to develop prophylactic vaccines addressing these diseases. Valneva has leveraged its expertise and capabilities both to commercialize three vaccines and to rapidly advance a broad range of vaccine candidates into and through the clinic  including candidates against the chikungunya virus and Lyme disease.Valneva Investor and Media ContactsLaetitia Bachelot-FontaineVP  Global Communications and European Investor RelationsM +33 (0)6 4516 7099investors@valneva.comJoshua Drumm  Ph.D.VP  Global Investor RelationsM +001 917 815 4520joshua.drumm@valneva.comAttachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,True,English,"['2022 Universal Registration Document', 'US Form', 'Valneva', 'Filing', 'French Financial Markets Authority', 'significant unmet medical need', '2022 audited Annual Financial Report', 'Corporate Social Responsibility Report', '2022 Universal Registration Document', 'U.S. Securities', '6 rue Alain Bombard', 'European Investor Relations', 'Management Board Report', 'Global Investor Relations', 'specialty vaccine company', 'Corporate Governance', 'Supervisory Board', 'Global Communications', 'vaccine science', 'Euronext Paris', 'Exchange Commission', 'Hard copies', 'following address', 'prophylactic vaccines', 'The Company', 'targeted approach', 'deep understanding', 'three vaccines', 'broad range', 'chikungunya virus', 'Lyme disease', 'Media Contacts', 'Laetitia Bachelot-Fontaine', 'Joshua Drumm', 'Ph.D.', 'Valneva Investor', 'vaccine development', 'vaccine candidates', 'filing number', 'infectious diseases', 'Valneva SE', 'Saint-Herblain', 'France', 'March', 'VLA', 'URD', 'AMF', 'Form', 'Group', 'documents', 'website', 'investors/financial-reports', 'org', 'charge', 'request', 'manufacturing', 'commercialization', 'specialized', 'expertise', 'capabilities', 'clinic', 'VP', 'Attachment']",2023-03-31,2023-04-01,finance.yahoo.com
21923,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/quadient-quadient-announces-eligibility-pea-064500513.html,Quadient: Quadient announces its eligibility for PEA-PME scheme,Quadient announces its eligibility for PEA-PME scheme Paris  31 March 2023 Quadient (Euronext Paris : FR0000120560  QDT)  a leader in helping businesses...,QUADIENTQuadient announces its eligibility for PEA-PME schemeParis  31 March 2023Quadient (Euronext Paris : FR0000120560  QDT)  a leader in helping businesses create meaningful customer connections through digital and physical channels  announces today its eligibility for the PEA-PME scheme  as it complies with the criteria for inclusion set by Article L.221-32-2 of the French Monetary and Financial Code and as modified by the Pacte law n° 2019-486 on 22 May 2019.The criteria for European companies to be eligible to the scheme are: having less than 5 000 employees  and a total revenue below €1 500 million or total assets below €2 000 million. Based on Quadient’s consolidated financial statements of the last fiscal year ended 31 January 2023  the Group had 4 846 employees and revenues of €1 081 million.As a consequence  investment in Quadient shares can be made through PEA-PME accounts.CalendarQuadient will publish its Q1 2023 sales on 31 May 2023About Quadient®Quadient is the driving force behind the world’s most meaningful customer experiences. By focusing on three key solution areas  Intelligent Communication Automation  Parcel Locker Solutions and Mail-Related Solutions  Quadient helps simplify the connection between people and what matters. Quadient supports hundreds of thousands of customers worldwide in their quest to create relevant  personalized connections and achieve customer experience excellence. Quadient is listed in compartment B of Euronext Paris (QDT) and is part of the CAC® Mid & Small and EnterNext® Tech 40 indices.For more information about Quadient  visit https://invest.quadient.com/ContactsCatherine Hubert-Dorel  Quadient+33 (0)1 45 36 30 56c.hubert-dorel@quadient.comfinancial-communication@quadient.comCaroline Baude  Quadient+33 (0)1 45 36 31 82c.baude@quadient.com OPRG FinancialIsabelle Laurent / Fabrice Baron+33 (0)1 53 32 61 51 /+33 (0)1 53 32 61 27isabelle.laurent@oprgfinancial.frfabrice.baron@oprgfinancial.frStory continuesAttachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.03,0.97,0.01,True,English,"['PEA-PME scheme', 'Quadient', 'eligibility', 'three key solution areas', 'meaningful customer connections', 'last fiscal year', 'meaningful customer experiences', 'relevant, personalized connections', 'customer experience excellence', 'EnterNext® Tech 40 indices', 'Parcel Locker Solutions', 'Intelligent Communication Automation', 'Mail-Related Solutions', 'physical channels', 'Article L.', 'French Monetary', 'Financial Code', 'Pacte law', 'European companies', 'total revenue', 'total assets', 'financial statements', 'PEA-PME accounts', 'Q1 2023 sales', 'driving force', 'compartment B', 'CAC® Mid', 'OPRG Financial', 'PEA-PME scheme', 'Euronext Paris', 'Catherine Hubert-Dorel', 'Caroline Baude', 'Isabelle Laurent', 'Fabrice Baron', 'Quadient shares', 'Quadient®', 'eligibility', '31 March', 'QDT', 'leader', 'businesses', 'digital', 'criteria', 'inclusion', '22 May', 'less', '5,000 employees', 'Group', '4,846 employees', 'revenues', 'consequence', 'investment', 'Calendar', '31 May', 'world', 'people', 'hundreds', 'thousands', 'customers', 'quest', 'information', 'Contacts', 'oprgfinancial', 'Story', 'Attachment']",2023-03-31,2023-04-01,finance.yahoo.com
21924,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/biosenic-provides-financial-financial-calendar-050000494.html,BioSenic provides Financial Update and Financial Calendar 2023,INSIDE INFORMATION Mont-Saint-Guibert  Belgium  March 31  2023  7am CET - BIOSENIC (Euronext Brussels and Paris: BIOS)  the clinical stage company...,BioSenicINSIDE INFORMATIONMont-Saint-Guibert  Belgium  March 31  2023  7am CET - BIOSENIC (Euronext Brussels and Paris: BIOS)  the clinical stage company specializing in severe autoimmune/inflammatory diseases and cellular repair  provides today a financial update and publishes its financial calendar for the year 2023.Financial UpdateAs a result of cost management efforts made and payments received (mainly from Pregene) in Q1 2023  BioSenic Group now anticipates having sufficient cash to carry out its business objectives until May 2023.This updated cash forecast is based on the currently available cash and assumes negotiation of a revised RCA repayment schedule for turnover-independent reimbursements to be made under the recoverable cash advances (RCA) previously received by BioSenic.Financial Calendar 202327 April – Full Year Results & Annual Report 202225 May – Q1 2023 Business and Financial Highlights8 June – Annual General Meeting 20237 September – Half Year Results 202326 October – Q3 2023 Business and Financial HighlightsThe financial calendar is communicated on an indicative basis and may be subject to change.About BioSenicBioSenic is a biotech company focused on (i) the development of innovative products to address high unmet needs in orthopedics and (ii) exploiting the possibilities offered by the therapeutic use of arsenic salts (mainly arsenic trioxide (ATO) for patients with autoimmune diseases. Key target indications for the platforms include Graft versus Host Disease (GvHD)  Systemic lupus erythematosus (SLE)  Systemic Sclerosis (SSc) and high-risk tibial fractures and other orthopedics indications  such as osteoarthritis  by combining new and tested  IP protected  techniques.Following the merger in October 2022  BioSenic combines the strategic positionings and strengths of Medsenic and Bone Therapeutics. The merger also enables Biosenic to add to its innovative cell therapy platform and strong IP for tissue repair or protection with an entirely new arsenal of various anti-inflammatory and anti-autoimmune formulations using the immunomodulatory properties of ATO/OATO.BioSenic is based in the Louvain-la-Neuve Science Park in Mont-Saint-Guibert  Belgium. Further information is available at http://www.biosenic.com.Story continuesAbout BioSenic technology platformsBioSenic’s technology is based on two main platforms:1) The allogeneic cell and gene therapy platform  developed by BioSenic with differentiated bone marrow sourced Mesenchymal Stromal Cells (MSCs) that can be stored at the point of use in hospitals. Its current investigational medicinal product  ALLOB  represents a unique  proprietary approach to organ repair and specifically to bone regeneration  by turning undifferentiated stromal cells from healthy donors into bone-forming cells on the site of injury after a single local injection. These cells are produced via a BioSenic's scalable manufacturing process. Following the CTA approval by regulatory authorities in Europe  BioSenic has initiated patient recruitment for the Phase IIb clinical trial with ALLOB in patients with difficult tibial fractures  using its optimized production process. ALLOB is currently being evaluated in a randomized  double-blind  placebo-controlled Phase IIb study in patients with high-risk tibial fractures  using its optimized production process  after a successful first safety and efficacy study (Phase 1/2a) on fractured long bones  with late delayed union. The patient recruitment has been halted late February 2023 with 57 patients and the new rules permitted for statistical analysis should allow BioSenic to get the main results of this trial much earlier than anticipated in the original protocol  since they are expected by mid-2023.2) The Arsenic TriOxide (ATO) platform developed by Medsenic. The immunomodulatory properties of ATO have demonstrated a double basic effect on cells of the immune system. The first effect is the increase of the cell oxidative stress in activated B  T or other cells of the innate/adaptative immune system to the point they will enter a cell death program (apoptosis) and be eliminated. The second effect is potent immunomodulatory properties on several pro-inflammatory cytokines involved in inflammatory or autoimmune cell pathways. One direct application is its use in onco-immunology to treat GvHD (Graft-versus-Host Disease) in its chronic  established stage. GvHD is one of the most common and clinically significant complications affecting long-term survival of allogeneic hematopoietic stem cell transplantation (allo-SCT). GvHD is primarily mediated by the transplanted immune system that can lead to severe multiorgan damage. Medsenic had been successful in a Phase II trial with its intravenous formulation  allowing arsenic trioxide to be granted an orphan drug designation status by FDA and EMA and is heading towards an international Phase III confirmatory study  with a new  IP protected  oral (OATO) formulation.Moderate to Severe forms of Systemic Lupus erythematosus (SLE) is another selected target  using the same oral formulation. ATO has shown good safety and significant clinical efficacy on several affected organs (skin  mucosae and the gastro-intestinal tract) in a Phase IIa study.Systemic Sclerosis is  in addition  part of the clinical pipeline of BioSenic. Preclinical studies on pertinent animal models are positive. This gives good grounds to launch a Phase II clinical protocol for this serious disease that badly affects skin  lungs or vascularization  and with no actual current effective treatment.In addition  BioSenic is developing an off-the-shelf next-generation improved viscosupplement  JTA-004  consisting of a unique combination of plasma proteins  hyaluronic acid - a natural component of knee synovial fluid  and a fast-acting analgesic. JTA-004 intends to provide added lubrication and protection to the cartilage of the arthritic joint and to alleviate osteoarthritic pain (OA) and inflammation. In March 2023  after the identification of new OA subtypes  BioSenic delivered a new post-hoc analysis of its Phase III JTA-004 trial on knee OA with positive action on the most severely affected patient population. This new post-hoc analysis changes the therapeutic profile of the molecule and potentially allows for the possibility of stratifying patients for a new  optimized Phase III clinical study. BioSenic  which does not intend to allocate R&D resources to support the clinical development of JTA-004 and will continue to focus its R&D activities on the development of its autoimmune (ATO) and cell therapy (ALLOB) platforms  is now seeking to collaborate with existing and potential partners to explore options for the future development of JTA-004 based on this new post-hoc analysis.For further information  please contact:BioSenic SAPr. François Rieger  PhD  Chief Executive OfficerTel: +33 (0)671 73 31 59investorrelations@biosenic.comFor Belgian Media and Investor Enquiries:BepublicBert BouserieTel: +32 (0)488 40 44 77bert.bouserie@bepublicgroup.beFor International Media Enquiries:IB CommunicationsNeil Hunter / Michelle BoxallTel: +44 (0)20 8943 4685neil.hunter@ibcomms.agency / michelle@ibcomms.agencyFor French Media Enquiries:NewCap MediaAnnie-Florence LoyerTel: +33 (0)1 44 71 00 12afloyer@newcap.frFor French Investor Enquiries:Seitosei ActifinGhislaine GasparettoTel: +33 (0)1 56 88 11 22ggasparetto@actifin.frCertain statements  beliefs and opinions in this press release are forward-looking  which reflect the Company or  as appropriate  the Company directors’ current expectations and projections about future events. By their nature  forward-looking statements involve a number of risks  uncertainties and assumptions that could cause actual results or events to differ materially from those expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. These risks  uncertainties and assumptions could adversely affect the outcome and financial effects of the plans and events described herein. A multitude of factors including  but not limited to  changes in demand  competition and technology  can cause actual events  performance or results to differ significantly from any anticipated development. Forward looking statements contained in this press release regarding past trends or activities should not be taken as a representation that such trends or activities will continue in the future. As a result  the Company expressly disclaims any obligation or undertaking to release any update or revisions to any forward-looking statements in this press release as a result of any change in expectations or any change in events  conditions  assumptions or circumstances on which these forward-looking statements are based. Neither the Company nor its advisers or representatives nor any of its subsidiary undertakings or any such person’s officers or employees guarantees that the assumptions underlying such forward-looking statements are free from errors nor does either accept any responsibility for the future accuracy of the forward-looking statements contained in this press release or the actual occurrence of the forecasted developments. You should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements  which speak only as of the date of this press release.,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.25,0.24,0.5,True,English,"['Financial Update', 'Financial Calendar', 'BioSenic', 'randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled Phase IIb study', 'new, IP protected, oral (OATO) formulation', 'international Phase III confirmatory study', 'allogeneic hematopoietic stem cell transplantation', 'The Arsenic TriOxide (ATO) platform', 'current investigational medicinal product', 'orphan drug designation status', 'Phase IIb clinical trial', 'innovative cell therapy platform', 'gene therapy platform', 'Phase II trial', 'cell oxidative stress', 'cell death program', 'cost management efforts', 'high unmet needs', 'high-risk tibial fractures', 'Louvain-la-Neuve Science Park', 'unique, proprietary approach', 'single local injection', 'scalable manufacturing process', 'difficult tibial fractures', 'optimized production process', 'late delayed union', 'several pro-inflammatory cytokines', 'One direct application', 'autoimmune cell pathways', 'Systemic lupus erythematosus', 'severe multiorgan damage', 'Annual General Meeting', 'successful first safety', 'differentiated bone marrow', 'double basic effect', 'recoverable cash advances', 'severe autoimmune/inflammatory diseases', 'clinical stage company', 'RCA repayment schedule', 'Full Year Results', 'Half Year Results', 'Key target indications', 'Mesenchymal Stromal Cells', 'undifferentiated stromal cells', 'two main platforms', 'innate/adaptative immune system', 'potent immunomodulatory properties', 'other orthopedics indications', 'allogeneic cell', 'efficacy study', 'intravenous formulation', 'BioSenic technology platforms', 'main results', 'innovative products', 'autoimmune diseases', 'strong IP', 'first effect', 'arsenic salts', 'new arsenal', 'new rules', 'Systemic Sclerosis', 'Severe forms', 'Annual Report', 'biotech company', 'other cells', 'Bone Therapeutics', 'bone regeneration', 'second effect', 'sufficient cash', 'cash forecast', 'available cash', 'INSIDE INFORMATION', '7am CET', 'Euronext Brussels', 'cellular repair', 'financial update', 'financial calendar', 'business objectives', 'turnover-independent reimbursements', 'Financial Highlights', 'Q3 2023 Business', 'indicative basis', 'Host Disease', 'strategic positionings', 'tissue repair', 'various anti-inflammatory', 'anti-autoimmune formulations', 'Further information', 'organ repair', 'healthy donors', 'bone-forming cells', 'CTA approval', 'regulatory authorities', 'patient recruitment', 'long bones', 'statistical analysis', 'original protocol', 'activated B', 'significant complications', 'long-term survival', 'Q1 2023 Business', 'therapeutic use', 'BioSenic Group', 'Mont-Saint-Guibert', 'Belgium', 'Paris', 'payments', 'Pregene', 'May', 'negotiation', '27 April', '8 June', '7 September', '26 October', 'change', 'development', 'possibilities', 'patients', 'Graft', 'GvHD', 'SLE', 'SSc', 'osteoarthritis', 'techniques', 'merger', 'strengths', 'Medsenic', 'protection', 'ATO/OATO', 'Story', 'MSCs', 'point', 'hospitals', 'ALLOB', 'site', 'injury', 'Europe', 'mid-20', 'increase', 'apoptosis', 'onco-immunology', 'common', 'SCT', 'FDA']",2023-03-31,2023-04-01,finance.yahoo.com
21925,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/bekaert-share-buyback-program-liquidity-060000822.html,Bekaert - Update on the Share Buyback Program and the Liquidity Agreement,Update on the Share Buyback Program and the Liquidity Agreement Period from 23 March 2023 to 29 March 2023 Share Buyback ProgramOn 1 March 2023  Bekaert...,"BekaertUpdate on the Share Buyback Program and the Liquidity AgreementPeriod from 23 March 2023 to 29 March 2023Share Buyback ProgramOn 1 March 202 3   Bekaert announced the continuation of its program to buy back own shares for an additional amount of up to € 120 million (the ""Program"") and the immediate start of a fifth tranche of the Program for an aggregate amount of up to € 30 million. All shares bought as part of the Program will be cancelled. The purpose of the Program is to reduce the issued share capital of the company.Bekaert announces today that during the period from 23 March 2023 to 29 March 2023  Kepler Cheuvreux on behalf of Bekaert has bought 106 365 shares.The table below provides an overview of the transactions under the fourth tranche of the Program during the period from 23 March 2023 to 29 March 2023:Repurchase of shares Date Market Number of Shares Average Price paid (€) Highest Pricepaid (€) Lowest Pricepaid (€) TotalAmount (€) 23 March 2023 Euronext Brussels 8 495 39.67 40.26 38.98 336 997 MTF CBOE 5 602 39.68 40.26 39.00 222 287 MTF Turquoise 675 39.72 40.58 39.00 26 811 MTF Aquis 1 773 39.69 40.26 39.08 70 370 24 March 2023 Euronext Brussels 12 159 38.92 39.52 38.54 473 228 MTF CBOE 7 746 38.95 39.54 38.58 301 707 MTF Turquoise 1 176 38.95 39.44 38.56 45 805 MTF Aquis 2 439 38.97 39.56 38.66 95 048 27 March 2023 Euronext Brussels 13 104 39.72 40.02 39.16 520 491 MTF CBOE 8 994 39.72 40.00 39.18 357 242 MTF Turquoise 1 305 39.76 40.00 39.34 51 887 MTF Aquis 3 137 39.75 40.08 39.24 124 696 28 March 2023 Euronext Brussels 12 723 40.08 40.34 39.68 509 938 MTF CBOE 9 225 40.08 40.34 39.70 369 738 MTF Turquoise 1 301 40.06 40.28 39.70 52 118 MTF Aquis 2 940 40.08 40.34 39.70 117 835 29 March 2023 Euronext Brussels 6 570 40.53 40.90 40.20 266 282 MTF CBOE 4 702 40.53 40.90 40.28 190 572 MTF Turquoise 720 40.56 40.88 40.30 29 203 MTF Aquis 1 579 40.57 40.88 40.18 64 060 Total 106 365 39.73 40.90 38.54 4 226 315Liquidity agreementIn relation to the renewed liquidity agreement with Kepler Cheuvreux announced on 2 September 2022   Bekaert announces today that Kepler Cheuvreux on behalf of Bekaert has bought 7 001 shares during the period from 23 March 2023 to 29 March 2023 on Euronext Brussels. During the same period  Kepler Cheuvreux on behalf of Bekaert has sold 7 119 shares on Euronext Brussels.Story continuesThe tables below provide an overview of the transactions under the liquidity agreement during the period from 23 March 2023 to 29 March 2023:Purchase of shares Date Number of Shares Average Price (€) Highest Price (€) Lowest Price (€) Total Amount (€) 23 March 2023 3 000 39.50 40.00 39.00 118 500 24 March 2023 4 000 39.18 39.60 38.70 156 720 27 March 2023 0 0.00 0.00 0.00 0 28 March 2023 0 0.00 0.00 0.00 0 29 March 2023 1 40.20 40.20 40.20 40 Total 7 001 275 260Sale of shares Date Number of Shares Average Price (€) Highest Price (€) Lowest Price (€) Total Amount (€) 23 March 2023 0 0.00 0.00 0.00 0 24 March 2023 0 0.00 0.00 0.00 0 27 March 2023 2 200 39.84 40.00 39.60 87 648 28 March 2023 1 200 40.07 40.20 40.00 48 084 29 March 2023 3 719 40.69 41.00 40.20 151 326 Total 7 119 287 058The balance held by Bekaert under the liquidity agreement at the end of the period is 42 982 shares.On 29 March 2023 after closing of the market  Bekaert holds 2 764 682 own shares  or 4.85% of the total number of the outstanding shares.This information is also made available on the investor relations pages of our website.Attachment",neutral,0.02,0.97,0.0,mixed,0.36,0.25,0.39,True,English,"['Share Buyback Program', 'Liquidity Agreement', 'Bekaert', 'Update', 'investor relations pages', 'Share Buyback Program', 'Shares Average Price', 'Date Market Number', 'Liquidity Agreement Period', 'share capital', 'Date Number', 'Highest Price', 'Lowest Price', 'total number', 'immediate start', 'fifth tranche', 'Kepler Cheuvreux', 'fourth tranche', 'Euronext Brussels', 'MTF CBOE', 'MTF Turquoise', 'MTF Aquis', 'additional amount', 'aggregate amount', 'Total Amount', 'outstanding shares', 'same period', '106 365 shares', '7 001 shares', '7 119 shares', '42 982 shares', 'Bekaert', 'Update', '23 March', '29 March', '1 March', 'continuation', 'part', 'purpose', 'company', 'behalf', 'table', 'overview', 'transactions', 'Repurchase', '24 March', '27 March', '2 September', 'Story', '28 March', 'Sale', 'balance', 'end', 'closing', 'information', 'website', 'Attachment', '764 682']",2023-03-31,2023-04-01,finance.yahoo.com
21926,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/notice-convening-annual-general-meeting-115100074.html,Notice convening Annual General Meeting,In accordance with article 8 of the articles of association  notice is hereby given of the annual general meeting of Tivoli A/S: on Thursday  27 April 2023  ...,Tivoli A/SIn accordance with article 8 of the articles of association  notice is hereby given of the annual general meeting of Tivoli A/S:on Thursday  27 April 2023  at 13:30 CETat Tivoli’s Concert Hall  Vesterbrogade 3  1630 Copenhagen V. The Concert Hall can be accessed via Tivoli's Main Entrance and the entrance across Copenhagen Central Station.Agenda:1) Report by the board of directors on the company's activities during the past year;2) Presentation and adoption of the annual report;3) Resolution on the appropriation of profit or loss as recorded in the adopted annual report;4) Any proposals by the board of directors or the shareholders;The board of directors submits the following proposals:4a) Proposal to amend the articles of association: contact details for VP Securities A/S4b) Proposal to authorize the board of directors to purchase treasury shares on behalf of theCompany4c) Proposal to approve the remuneration of the board of directors for 2023Shareholder Klaus Folmann submits the following proposal:4d) Proposal to extend the benefits of the shareholder card5) Advisory vote on remuneration report;6) Election of members to the board of directors;7) Election of auditors;8) Any other business.* * * * * * * *Majority requirementsAdoption of the proposals submitted under agenda items 2  3  4b)  4c)  6 and 7 will require a simple majority of votes. The vote under agenda item 5 will be an advisory vote only.Adoption of the proposals submitted under agenda item 4a) will require a special majority of votes  see section 106 of the Danish Companies Act and article 17 of the company's articles of association. Hence  adoption of the proposal will require that the proposal is adopted by at least 2/3 of the votes cast and of the voting share capital represented at the general meeting.Adoption of the proposal submitted under agenda item 4d) will require that at least 2/3 of the voting share capital is represented at the general meeting  see article 17 of the company’s articles of association.Story continuesAttendance  admission cards and voting rightsAdmission cards will be provided to shareholders who are entitled to attend and vote at the general meeting. Anyone who (i) no later Thursday  20 April 2023 at 23:59 CET  have had their shares registered in the register of shareholders or have contacted the Company for entry in the register of shareholders  and this request has been received by the Company  and (ii) has given notice of their attendance at the general meeting no later than Sunday  23 April 2023 at 23:59 CET  will be entitled to attend and vote at the general meeting  see article 12 of the articles of association.Shareholders may announce their participation in the general meeting and request admission cards electronically via the investor portal on the company’s website www.tivoli.dk/en/om/virksomheden/aktionaerinformation or via VP Securities A/S’ (Euronext Securities) website on www.vp.dk/agm. It is also possible to return the completed attendance form via postal mail to VP Securities A/S (Euronext Securities)  Nicolai Eigtveds Gade 8  1402 København K or via e-mail to CPH-investor@euronext.com  however  the attendance form must be received by VP Securities A/S (Euronext Securities) no later than Sunday  23 April 2023  at 23:59 CET.Admission cards will be sent to the email address specified in the attendance form. The admission card must be presented at the general meeting either electronically on a smartphone/tablet or in a printed form. In case you forget your admission card to the general meeting  it can be reissued upon presentation of valid ID (for instance a passport or a driver’s licence).Any shareholder who has requested an admission card without specifying an email address can retrieve their admission card at the entrance to the general meeting upon presentation of valid ID.Voting papers will be handed out at the entrance to the general meeting.The general meeting can be accessed as a live webcast on the company’s website www.tivoli.dk/en/om/virksomheden/aktionaerinformation. In case the general meeting is followed via webcast  it will not be possible to submit questions/comments nor vote.Voting by proxyShareholders may vote by proxy  see article 14 of the company’s articles of association. The proxy must be in writing and dated. An instrument of proxy issued to the board of directors of the company may only concern a specified general meeting with an agenda that is known in advance. Appointment of a proxy must either be notified to the company electronically on the investor portal on the company’s website www.tivoli.dk/en/om/virksomheden/aktionaerinformation  to VP Securities A/S’ (Euronext Securities) website www.vp.dk/agm or via the proxy form which has been sent to the shareholders together with this notice convening the general meeting and which has also been made available at the company's website. Instruments of proxy must be received by VP Securities A/S (Euronext Securities) no later than Sunday  23 April 2023  at 23:59 CET. The proxy may also present a written and dated instrument of proxy at the general meeting.Postal voteVotes may also be cast via a postal vote  see article 13 of the company’s articles of association. Postal votes may be submitted electronically on the investor portal on the company’s website www.tivoli.dk/en/om/virksomheden/aktionaerinformation  to VP Securities A/S’ (Euronext Securities) website www.vp.dk/agm or by the proxy form which has been sent to the shareholders together with this notice convening the general meeting and which has also been made available at the company's website. Postal votes must be received by VP Securities A/S (Euronext Securities) no later than Wednesday  26 April 2023  at 23:59 CET. Once a postal vote has been submitted  it cannot be revoked.Written questionsShareholders may in writing submit questions about the agenda  the documents to be presented at the general meeting  or the company's position in general. Questions may be submitted by post or by e-mail to investor@tivoli.dk. Questions submitted will be answered at the general meeting.Information on the company's websiteThe following documents and information will be made available on the company's website in the period from 31 March 2023 to 27 April 2023 (both days inclusive): 1) The notice convening the general meeting; 2) information about the total number of shares and voting rights as at the date of the convening notice; 3) all documents to be presented at the general meeting  including the annual report 4) the agenda of the general meeting and the full text of all proposals; and 5) postal and proxy voting forms.Inspection of documentsThe agenda and the complete proposals as well as the documents to be presented at the general meeting including the annual report  have been submitted for inspection to the shareholders from 31 March 2023 to 27 April 2023 in Tivoli Box Office  Vesterbrogade 3  1630 Copenhagen V.Share capital and account-holding bankThe company’s share capital is DKK 57 166 600 divided into shares of DKK 10 each. Each share of nominally DKK 10 carries one vote. The company's account-holding bank is Danske Bank.Personal dataFor the purposes of the general meeting  the company will collect  process and store certain personal data. In this connection  reference is made to the company's personal data policy  which is accessible on the company's website https://www.tivoli.dk/en/om/behandling-af-personoplysninger.Copenhagen  31 March 2023The board of directorsTivoli A/SAttachments,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,neutral,0.04,0.95,0.01,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'Notice', 'Danish Companies Act', 'Nicolai Eigtveds Gade', '1402 København K', 'Copenhagen Central Station', 'voting share capital', 'VP Securities A/S', 'The Concert Hall', 'Shareholder Klaus Folmann', 'annual general meeting', '1630 Copenhagen V', 'voting rights', 'Euronext Securities', 'Voting papers', 'Tivoli A/S', 'vp.dk', 'annual report', 'past year', 'contact details', 'other business', 'Majority requirements', 'simple majority', 'special majority', 'investor portal', 'email address', 'printed form', 'valid ID', 'agenda items', 'attendance form', 'treasury shares', 'Advisory vote', 'Admission cards', 'postal mail', 'live webcast', 'Main Entrance', 'following proposals', 'remuneration report', 'shareholder card', 'proxy form', 'accordance', 'article', 'association', 'notice', 'Thursday', 'April', '13:30 CET', 'Vesterbrogade', 'board', 'directors', 'company', 'activities', 'Presentation', 'adoption', 'Resolution', 'appropriation', 'profit', 'loss', 'shareholders', 'behalf', 'benefits', 'Election', 'members', 'auditors', 'votes', 'section', '2/3', 'Story', 'Anyone', 'register', 'entry', 'request', 'Sunday', '23:59 CET', 'participation', 'website', 'virksomheden/aktionaerinformation', 'www', 'agm', 'CPH-investor', 'smartphone/tablet', 'case', 'instance', 'passport', 'driver', 'licence', 'questions', 'comments', 'writing', 'instrument', 'advance', 'Appointment']",2023-03-31,2023-04-01,finance.yahoo.com
21927,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/tetragon-financial-group-limited-february-055500908.html,Tetragon Financial Group Limited February 2023 Monthly Factsheet,Tetragon has released its Monthly Factsheet for February 2023.,LONDON  March 31  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- Tetragon has released its Monthly Factsheet for February 2023.- Net Asset Value: $2 794m- Fully Diluted NAV Per Share: $29.96- Share Price (TFG NA): $9.80- Monthly NAV per share total return: -0.7%- Monthly Return on Equity: -0.5%- Most recent quarterly dividend: $0.11- Dividend yield: 4.5%Please refer to important disclosures on page three of the Monthly Factsheet.Please click below to access the Monthly Factsheet.February 2023 FactsheetAbout Tetragon:Tetragon is a Guernsey closed-ended investment company. Its non-voting shares are listed on Euronext in Amsterdam  a regulated market of Euronext Amsterdam N.V.  and also traded on the Specialist Fund Segment of the Main Market of the London Stock Exchange. Our investment manager is Tetragon Financial Management LP. Find out more at www.tetragoninv.com.Tetragon Investor Relations:Yuko Thomasir@tetragoninv.comPress Inquiries:Prosek Partnerspro-tetragon@prosek.comU.K. +44 20 3890 9193U.S. +1 212 279 3115This release does not contain or constitute an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to purchase securities in the United States or any other jurisdiction. The securities of Tetragon have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933 and may not be offered or sold in the United States or to U.S. persons unless they are registered under applicable law or exempt from registration. Tetragon does not intend to register any portion of its securities in the United States or to conduct a public offer of securities in the United States. In addition  Tetragon has not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Investment Company Act of 1940  and investors will not be entitled to the benefits of such Act. Tetragon is registered in the public register of the Netherlands Authority for the Financial Markets under Section 1:107 of the Financial Markets Supervision Act as a collective investment scheme from a designated country.Story continuesCisionView original content:https://www.prnewswire.co.uk/news-releases/tetragon-financial-group-limited-february-2023-monthly-factsheet-301786060.html,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.49,0.24,0.27,True,English,"['Tetragon Financial Group Limited', 'February', 'Factsheet', 'U.S. Investment Company Act', 'Guernsey closed-ended investment company', 'Financial Markets Supervision Act', 'Euronext Amsterdam N.V.', 'Tetragon Financial Management LP', 'U.S. Securities Act', 'U.S. persons', 'collective investment scheme', 'Net Asset Value', 'Specialist Fund Segment', 'recent quarterly dividend', 'London Stock Exchange', 'Tetragon Investor Relations', 'share total return', 'investment manager', 'U.K.', 'Dividend yield', 'Share Price', 'TFG NA', 'important disclosures', 'voting shares', 'regulated market', 'Main Market', 'Yuko Thomas', 'Press Inquiries', 'Prosek Partners', 'United States', 'other jurisdiction', 'applicable law', 'public register', 'Netherlands Authority', 'original content', 'public offer', 'March', 'PRNewswire', 'Factsheet', 'February', 'NAV', 'Equity', 'page', 'release', 'solicitation', 'registration', 'portion', 'addition', 'investors', 'benefits', 'Section', 'country', 'Story', 'Cision']",2023-03-31,2023-04-01,finance.yahoo.com
21928,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/stellantis-allocates-electric-van-mangualde-191600064.html,Stellantis Allocates Electric Van to Mangualde to Support Light Commercial Vehicle Leadership in Europe,Stellantis Allocates Electric Van to Mangualde to Support Light Commercial Vehicle Leadership in Europe Mangualde Production Center becoming the first...,STELLANTIS N.VStellantis Allocates Electric Van to Mangualde to Support Light Commercial Vehicle Leadership in EuropeMangualde Production Center becoming the first assembly plant in Portugal to produce large series fully battery electric compact vans for Citroën  Fiat  Opel and Peugeot by 20 2 5Announcement made during visit by His Excellencies the President of the Portuguese Republic  the Prime Minister   and the Minister of Economy and Maritime Affairs to the p lant facilitiesStellantis holds unrivalled light commercial vehicle leadership in Europe for electric vans with nearly 43% of market shareElectrification across the Stellantis portfolio supports Dare Forward 2030 strategic plan ambitionsAMSTERDAM  March 31  2023 - Stellantis CEO Carlos Tavares announced today that the Mangualde Production Center in Portugal will enter a new era with the production of battery electric light commercial vehicles (LCV) starting in early 2025  producing the Citroën ë-Berlingo  Peugeot e-Partner  Opel Combo-e and Fiat e-Doblò models  both in light commercial and passenger versions. Mangualde will become the first Portuguese plant to produce large series fully battery electric cars for the domestic and export markets at launch.The announcement was made during a visit by His Excellency  the President of the Portuguese Republic  Marcelo Rebelo de Sousa  His Excellency  the Prime Minister  António Costa  and His Excellency  the Minister for the Economy and Maritime Affairs  António Costa Silva  as part of the Government’s “PRR (Recovery and Resilience Plan) on the Move” initiative.Stellantis Mangualde leads one of the mobilizing agendas for business innovation with the “GreenAuto” project  which brings together a consortium of 37 partner entities  who attended the event  and represents a joint investment of €119 million.“We are proud to announce that Mangualde will enter a new era with the production of large series of battery electric vans in Portugal to provide indispensable solutions for our business customers ” said Stellantis CEO Carlos Tavares. “Leveraging Mangualde’s manufacturing expertise to build battery electric vehicles is critical to the continued decarbonization of our fleets and a further step as we work to achieve a 40% zero emissions mix by the end of the decade.”Story continuesIn 2022  Stellantis was the light commercial vehicle BEV market leader in Europe with nearly 43% market share. In Portugal  the Company was the leader in 2022 in BEV sales  with 22% share  and in the sale of electric commercial vehicles with a 54% market share.Evolution of Mangualde Production CenterThe Stellantis plant in Mangualde  which last year celebrated its 60th anniversary and was the first auto assembly plant in Portugal  has produced more than 1.5 million vehicles to date. Nearly one in every four vehicles produced in Portugal comes from the Mangualde production line. It launched production of the current generation of vehicles in 2018.This announcement ensures the future of the plant and confirms the importance of this manufacturing site for the Portuguese economy  Gross Domestic Product and Exports  as well as for employment and the development of the business and industrial fabric of this region.This new era of production will see a transformation of the Mangualde plant “fit for the future” with new facilities  both in general assembly as well as in the body shop  the optimization of the industrial area  and the creation of a new battery assembly line. The Company has invested in modernizing and updating its facilities and production processes  while also increasingly stressing its commitment to the environment and to reducing emissions  in addition to a strong commitment to innovation.In support of the Stellantis goal of being carbon net zero by 2038  the Mangualde plant completed the second phase of its solar energy park. When concluded  the solar park will provide up to 31% of the plant’s annual electricity needs  displacing 2 500 tons of CO2 emissions a year  equivalent to the CO2 capturing performance of about 16 000 trees. The facility is aiming for more projects in green energy and energy storage  including one in collaboration with the Municipality of Mangualde and nearby companies that can also benefit from capturing this renewable energy.The plant currently produces light commercial vehicles and passenger versions of the Citroën Berlingo/Berlingo Van  Fiat Doblò  Opel Combo/Combo Cargo  and Peugeot Partner/Rifter.Stellantis is investing more than €30 billion through 2025 in electrification and software to deliver BEVs that meet customer demands.The decision is a key component of the Dare Forward 2030 strategic plan  which is led by deep emission cuts to slash CO2 in half by 2030  benchmarking 2021 metrics  and achieve carbon net zero by 2038 with single digit percentage compensation of the remaining emissions. Core targets for Dare Forward 2030 also include 100% of passenger car sales in Europe and 50% of passenger car and light-duty truck sales in the United States to be BEVs by the end of the decade; the ambition of doubling Net Revenues by 2030 (versus 2021) and sustaining double-digit Adjusted Operating Income margins throughout the decade; and the aim to become number one in customer satisfaction for products and services in every market by 2030.# # #About StellantisStellantis N.V. (NYSE: STLA / Euronext Milan: STLAM / Euronext Paris: STLAP) is one of the world's leading automakers and a mobility provider. Its storied and iconic brands embody the passion of their visionary founders and today’s customers in their innovative products and services  including Abarth  Alfa Romeo  Chrysler  Citroën  Dodge  DS Automobiles  Fiat  Jeep ®   Lancia  Maserati  Opel  Peugeot  Ram  Vauxhall  Free2move and Leasys. Powered by our diversity  we lead the way the world moves – aspiring to become the greatest sustainable mobility tech company  not the biggest  while creating added value for all stakeholders as well as the communities in which it operates. For more information  visit www.stellantis.com.@Stellantis Stellantis Stellantis StellantisFor more information  contact:Fernão SILVEIRA +31 6 43 25 43 41 – fernao.silveira@stellantis.comJorge MAGALHAES +351 96 986 16 80 0 – jorge.magalhaes@stellantis.comcommunications@stellantis.comwww.stellantis.comAttachment,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.03,0.95,0.02,True,English,"['Light Commercial Vehicle Leadership', 'Electric Van', 'Stellantis', 'Mangualde', 'Europe', 'large series fully battery electric compact vans', 'large series fully battery electric cars', 'light commercial vehicle BEV market leader', 'unrivalled light commercial vehicle leadership', 'Dare Forward 2030 strategic plan ambitions', 'battery electric light commercial vehicles', 'Marcelo Rebelo de Sousa', 'single digit percentage compensation', 'António Costa Silva', 'Stellantis CEO Carlos Tavares', 'new battery assembly line', 'first auto assembly plant', 'battery electric vans', 'battery electric vehicles', 'electric commercial vehicles', 'annual electricity needs', 'deep emission cuts', 'first assembly plant', 'light-duty truck sales', 'Citroën ë-Berlingo', 'p lant facilities', 'Fiat e-Doblò models', '40% zero emissions mix', 'Gross Domestic Product', 'CO2 capturing performance', 'STELLANTIS N.V', 'Citroën Berlingo', 'first Portuguese plant', 'Mangualde production line', 'passenger car sales', 'solar energy park', 'Mangualde Production Center', 'The Stellantis plant', 'BEV sales', 'Resilience Plan', 'general assembly', 'solar park', 'market share', '1.5 million vehicles', 'four vehicles', 'Berlingo Van', 'new era', 'new facilities', 'Portuguese Republic', 'passenger versions', 'green energy', 'energy storage', 'renewable energy', 'Stellantis portfolio', 'Stellantis goal', 'Mangualde plant', 'Stellantis Mangualde', 'His Excellencies', 'Maritime Affairs', 'export markets', 'Move” initiative', 'mobilizing agendas', 'GreenAuto” project', '37 partner entities', 'joint investment', 'indispensable solutions', 'manufacturing expertise', 'continued decarbonization', '60th anniversary', 'current generation', 'manufacturing site', 'industrial fabric', 'body shop', 'industrial area', 'The Company', 'production processes', 'second phase', 'CO2 emissions', 'nearby companies', 'Fiat Doblò', 'Combo Cargo', 'customer demands', 'key component', 'carbon net', 'remaining emissions', 'Core targets', 'United States', 'Leveraging Mangualde', 'Opel Combo-e', 'His Excellency', 'business customers', 'Portuguese economy', 'Prime Minister', 'strong commitment', 'Peugeot Partner/Rifter', 'business innovation', '22% share', 'Europe', 'Portugal', 'Announcement', 'visit', 'President', 'Electrification', 'AMSTERDAM', 'LCV', 'launch', 'Government', 'PRR', 'Recovery', 'consortium', 'event', 'fleets', 'step', 'decade', 'Story', 'Evolution', 'date', 'future', 'importance', 'Exports', 'employment', 'development', 'region', 'transformation', 'optimization', 'creation', 'environment', 'addition', 'support', '2,500 tons', '16,000 trees', 'facility', 'projects', 'collaboration', 'Municipality', 'software', 'BEVs', 'decision', 'half', '2021 metrics']",2023-03-31,2023-04-01,finance.yahoo.com
21929,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/crh-continues-share-buyback-programme-064500522.html,CRH Continues Share Buyback Programme,CRH plc  the global leader in building materials solutions  is pleased to announce that it has completed the latest phase of its share buyback programme...,"DUBLIN  IRELAND / ACCESSWIRE / March 31  2023 / CRH plc  the global leader in building materials solutions  is pleased to announce that it has completed the latest phase of its share buyback programme  returning a further $0.3 billion of cash to shareholders.Between 19 December 2022 and 30 March 2023  5.9 million ordinary shares were repurchased on Euronext Dublin. This brings total cash returned to shareholders under our ongoing share buyback programme to $4.3 billion since its commencement in May 2018.CRH today also announces that it has entered into arrangements with UBS A.G.  London Branch (""UBS"") to repurchase ordinary shares on CRH's behalf for a maximum consideration of $750 million* (the ""Buyback""). The Buyback will commence today  31 March 2023  and will end no later than 29 June 2023. This $750 million tranche is the initial stage of the wider $3 billion programme announced on 2 March 2023.Under the terms of the Buyback  ordinary shares will be repurchased on the London Stock Exchange and/or Euronext Dublin. CRH has entered into non-discretionary instructions with UBS  acting as principal  to conduct the Buyback on its behalf and to make trading decisions under the Buyback independently of CRH in accordance with certain pre-set parameters.The maximum number of ordinary shares that may be repurchased under the Buyback is 50 000 000. The purpose of the Buyback is to reduce the share capital of CRH. The Buyback will at all times be conducted in accordance with the applicable annual general authorities granted by shareholders to repurchase CRH's ordinary shares.The Buyback will also be conducted within the parameters prescribed by the Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2016/1052 and the Market Abuse Regulation 596/2014 (including as it forms part of retained EU law in the United Kingdom (""UK"") from time to time  and  where relevant  pursuant to the UK's European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 and the UK's Market Abuse (Amendment) (EU Exit) Regulations 2019) and Chapter 12 of the UK Financial Conduct Authority's Listing Rules. The repurchased ordinary shares will be held in treasury pending their cancellation or re-issue in due course.Story continuesAny decision in relation to any future buyback programmes will be based on an ongoing assessment of the capital needs of the business and general market conditions.* Being an amount equal to €690 million (based on a FX rate of $1.00:€0.92 fixed for the duration of the Buyback).***Contact CRH at Dublin 404 1000 (+353 1 404 1000)Albert Manifold Chief Executive Jim Mintern Chief Financial Officer Frank Heisterkamp Director of Capital Markets & ESG Tom Holmes Head of Investor RelationsAbout CRHCRH (LSE:CRH)(ISE:CRG)(NYSE:CRH) is the leading provider of building materials solutions that build  connect and improve our world. Employing c.75 800 people at c.3 160 locations in 29 countries  CRH has market leadership positions in both North America and in Europe. As the essential partner for road and critical utility infrastructure  commercial building projects and outdoor living solutions  CRH's unique offering of materials  products and value-added services helps to deliver a more resilient and sustainable built environment. A Fortune 500 company  CRH is a constituent member of the FTSE 100 Index  the EURO STOXX 50 Index  the ISEQ 20 and the Dow Jones Sustainability Index (DJSI) Europe. The company is ranked among sector leaders by Environmental  Social and Governance (ESG) rating agencies. CRH's American Depositary Shares are listed on the NYSE. For more information visit www.crh.com.Registered Office: No 12965. Registered Office: 42 Fitzwilliam Square  Dublin 2  R02 R279  IrelandThis information is provided by RNS  the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information  please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com.SOURCE: CRH PLCView source version on accesswire.com:https://www.accesswire.com/746908/CRH-Continues-Share-Buyback-Programme",neutral,0.11,0.89,0.01,positive,0.39,0.35,0.26,True,English,"['Buyback Programme', 'CRH', 'Share', 'Albert Manifold Chief Executive Jim Mintern Chief Financial Officer Frank Heisterkamp Director', 'applicable annual general authorities', 'ESG Tom Holmes Head', 'UK Financial Conduct Authority', 'Dow Jones Sustainability Index', 'ongoing share buyback programme', 'ESG) rating agencies', 'wider $3 billion programme', 'Commission Delegated Regulation', 'critical utility infrastructure', 'commercial building projects', 'outdoor living solutions', 'sustainable built environment', 'EURO STOXX 50 Index', 'market leadership positions', 'London Stock Exchange', 'building materials solutions', 'American Depositary Shares', 'Market Abuse Regulation', 'general market conditions', 'EU Exit) Regulations', 'A Fortune 500 company', 'future buyback programmes', 'UBS A.G.', '5.9 million ordinary shares', 'Primary Information Provider', 'share capital', 'ongoing assessment', 'FTSE 100 Index', 'London Branch', '$750 million tranche', 'leading provider', 'global leader', 'latest phase', 'maximum consideration', 'initial stage', 'discretionary instructions', 'trading decisions', 'maximum number', 'EU law', 'United Kingdom', 'European Union', 'Listing Rules', 'due course', 'capital needs', 'FX rate', 'Capital Markets', 'Investor Relations', 'c.75,800 people', 'c.3,160 locations', 'North America', 'essential partner', 'unique offering', 'value-added services', 'constituent member', 'sector leaders', 'Environmental, Social', 'Registered Office', '42 Fitzwilliam Square', 'news service', 'The Buyback', 'total cash', 'set parameters', 'source version', 'Euronext Dublin', 'CRH plc', 'Contact CRH', 'IRELAND', 'ACCESSWIRE', 'March', 'shareholders', '19 December', 'commencement', 'May', 'arrangements', 'behalf', '29 June', 'terms', 'principal', 'accordance', 'purpose', 'times', 'Withdrawal', 'Amendment', 'Chapter', 'treasury', 'cancellation', 'Story', 'business', 'amount', 'duration', 'ISE', 'CRG', 'world', '29 countries', 'road', 'products', 'resilient', 'DJSI', 'Governance', 'NYSE', 'RNS', 'distribution', 'lseg', 'CRH-Continues-Share-Buyback-Programme']",2023-03-31,2023-04-01,finance.yahoo.com
21930,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/information-total-number-voting-rights-170000102.html,Information on the Total Number of Voting Rights (Denominator) following Conversion Notice from ATLAS,Regulated Information - Denominator Atlas Special Opportunities  LLC has converted 12 convertible bonds in Oxurion resulting in a EUR 300 000 capital...,Oxurion NVRegulated Information - DenominatorAtlas Special Opportunities  LLC has converted 12 convertible bonds in Oxurion resulting in a EUR 300 000 capital increase. This is part of Atlas Special Opportunities  LLC’s EUR 20 million Capital Commitment1 that will allow Oxurion to focus on progressing its novel and differentiated back of the eye drug candidate targeting potential market opportunities of over USD 5 billion.Leuven  BELGIUM  Boston  MA  US – March 31  2023 – 07.00 PM CET – In accordance with article 15 of the Belgian Act of May 2  2007 on the disclosure of major participations in issuers of which shares are admitted to trading on a regulated market and regarding miscellaneous provisions  Oxurion NV (Euronext Brussels: OXUR) (the “Company” or “Oxurion”)  announces the below information  following the issuance of 28 942 629 new ordinary shares on March 28  2023  for a total amount of EUR 300 000  as the result of the conversion of 12 convertible bonds  pursuant to the Capital Commitment entered into with Atlas Special Opportunities  LLC.Following completion of the capital increase through the conversion of the convertible bonds  the total number of shares issued by Oxurion amounts to 632 659 186 outstanding ordinary shares carrying voting rights (compared to 603 716 557 outstanding ordinary shares previously). This number will be used as the denominator for the calculation of the percentages of shareholdings.Therefore  Oxurion publishes the following updated information:Share capital (EUR) 78 206 161.32 Total number of securities with voting rights (all ordinary shares) 632 659 186 Total number of ordinary shares (= denominator) 632 659 186 Number of outstanding  granted rights to subscribe to securities carrying voting rights not yet issued: 694 000 subscription rights (“SRs”) issued on November 20  2017  entitling their holders to subscribe to a total number of 694 000 securities carrying voting rights (all ordinary shares);60 000 SRs issued on December 23  2020  entitling their holders to subscribe to a total number of 60 000 securities carrying voting rights (all ordinary shares);976 874 SRs issued on April 14  2021  entitling their holders to subscribe to a total number of 976 874 securities carrying voting rights (all ordinary shares);534 688 SRs issued on September 22  2021  entitling their holders to subscribe to a total number of 534 688 securities carrying voting rights (all ordinary shares);582 248 SRs issued on December 30  2021  entitling their holders to subscribe to a total number of 582 248 securities carrying voting rights (all ordinary shares);92 convertible bonds issued on March 14  2023  entitling its holder  Atlas Special Opportunities  LLC  to subscribe to a total number of securities carrying voting rights (all ordinary shares) in accordance with the terms and conditions of these convertible bonds pursuant to the Subscription Agreement entered into between the Company and Atlas Special Opportunities  LLC on March 1  2023; and100 convertible bonds issued on December 20  2021  entitling their holders (Kreos Capital VI (UK) Limited  Pontifax Medison Finance (Israel) L.P. and Pontifax Medison Finance (Cayman) L.P.) to subscribe to a total number of securities carrying voting rights (all ordinary shares) in accordance with the terms and conditions of these convertible bonds as attached to the Agreement for the provision of a Loan Facility entered into between the Company  Kreos Capital VI (UK) Limited  Pontifax Medison Finance (Israel) L.P. and Pontifax Medison Finance (Cayman) L.P.  on November 21  2021 (as amended from time to time).ENDAbout OxurionOxurion (Euronext Brussels: OXUR) is a biopharmaceutical company developing next generation standard of care ophthalmic therapies  which are designed to improve and better preserve vision in patients with retinal disorders including diabetic macular edema (DME)  the leading cause of vision loss in working-age people  as well as other conditions. Oxurion intends to play an important role in the treatment of retinal disorders  including the successful development of THR-149  its novel therapeutic for the treatment of DME. THR-149 is a potent plasma kallikrein inhibitor being developed as a potential new standard of care for the up to 50% of DME patients showing suboptimal response to anti-VEGF therapy. Oxurion is headquartered in Leuven  Belgium  with corporate operations in Boston  MA. More information is available at www.oxurion.com.Story continuesImportant information about forward-looking statementsCertain statements in this press release may be considered “forward-looking”. Such forward-looking statements are based on current expectations  and  accordingly  entail and are influenced by various risks and uncertainties. The Company therefore cannot provide any assurance that such forward-looking statements will materialize and does not assume any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statement  whether as a result of new information  future events  or any other reason. Additional information concerning risks and uncertainties affecting the business and other factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from any forward-looking statement is contained in the Company’s Annual Report. This press release does not constitute an offer or invitation for the sale or purchase of securities or assets of Oxurion in any jurisdiction. No securities of Oxurion may be offered or sold within the United States without registration under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933  as amended  or in compliance with an exemption therefrom  and in accordance with any applicable U.S. state securities laws.For further information please contact:Oxurion NVTom GraneyChief Executive OfficerTel: +32 16 75 13 10tom.graney@oxurion.comMichaël DillenChief Business OfficerTel: +32 16 75 13 10michael.dillen@oxurion.com USConway CommunicationsMary T. Conwaymtconway@conwaycommsir.comICR WestwickeChristopher BrinzeyTel: +1 617 835 9304chris.brinzey@westwicke.com1 Press release Oxurion  02/03/2023Attachments,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.43,0.09,0.48,True,English,"['Total Number', 'Voting Rights', 'Conversion Notice', 'Information', 'Denominator', 'ATLAS', 'potent plasma kallikrein inhibitor', 'EUR 20 million Capital Commitment1', 'Oxurion NV Regulated Information', 'Atlas Special Opportunities', 'Pontifax Medison Finance', 'next generation standard', 'diabetic macular edema', 'EUR 300,000 capital increase', 'Kreos Capital VI', 'potential new standard', 'potential market opportunities', 'care ophthalmic therapies', '632,659,186 outstanding ordinary shares', '57 outstanding ordinary shares', 'Such forward-looking statements', '28,942,629 new ordinary shares', 'regulated market', 'new information', 'Share capital', 'updated information', 'More information', 'Important information', 'Additional information', '12 convertible bonds', 'drug candidate', 'Belgian Act', 'major participations', 'miscellaneous provisions', 'Euronext Brussels', 'total amount', '92 convertible bonds', '100 convertible bonds', 'L.P.', 'Loan Facility', 'retinal disorders', 'leading cause', 'working-age people', 'important role', 'successful development', 'suboptimal response', 'anti-VEGF therapy', 'corporate operations', 'press release', 'current expectations', 'various risks', 'future events', 'other reason', 'voting rights', '694,000 subscription rights', 'total number', 'Subscription Agreement', 'vision loss', 'novel therapeutic', 'biopharmaceutical company', 'The Company', 'other conditions', 'DME patients', 'Denominator', 'LLC', 'back', 'eye', 'Leuven', 'BELGIUM', 'Boston', 'March', '07.00 PM', 'accordance', 'article', 'May', 'disclosure', 'issuers', 'issuance', 'result', 'conversion', 'completion', 'calculation', 'percentages', 'shareholdings', 'securities', 'SRs', 'November', 'holders', 'December', 'April', 'September', 'terms', 'UK', 'Israel', 'Cayman', 'Limited', 'time', 'treatment', 'THR-149', 'Story', 'uncertainties', 'assurance', 'obligation', '60']",2023-03-31,2023-04-01,finance.yahoo.com
21931,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/tarkett-conditions-obtaining-consulting-preparatory-134200122.html,Tarkett - Conditions for obtaining or consulting the preparatory documents for the Combined Shareholders’ Meeting of April 21  2023,PARIS  FRANCE  March 31  2023 – Conditions for obtaining or consulting the preparatory documents for the Combined Shareholders’ Meeting of April 21  2023 The...,TarkettPARIS  FRANCE  March 31  2023 – Conditions for obtaining or consulting the preparatory documents for the Combined Shareholders’ Meeting of April 21  2023The Combined Shareholders’ Meeting of Tarkett will be held on Friday April 21  2023 at 9h30 a.m. at the Auditorium located in ground floor of the registered address (Tour Initiale – 1  Terrasse Bellini – 92919 Paris la Défense).The preliminary notice of meeting serving as a convening notice  comprising the agenda and the draft resolutions was published in the French Bulletin des Annonces Légales Obligatoires (BALO) n° 33 of March 17  2023. The notice of meeting will be published in the French legal newspaper Les Petites Affiches on April 5  2023. These notices include information on how to attend and vote at the Shareholders’ Meeting.In accordance with Articles R. 225-83 and R. 225-89 of the French Commercial Code  the documents that must be made available to shareholders in connection with Shareholders’ Meetings will be available at the registered office as from April 5  2023.The documents provided for in Article R.22-10-23 of the French Commercial Code may be consulted on the Company's website www.tarkett-group.com  as from today  the twenty-first day preceding the Shareholders’ Meeting.In accordance with applicable regulations  shareholders holding registered shares may  up to the fifth day inclusive prior to the Shareholders’ Meeting  request these documents to be send by the Company by a written request sent to the Company's registered office by post or by e-mail to the following address: actionnaires@tarkett.com. For bearer shareholders  requests must be accompanied by a shareholding certificate delivered by their financial intermediary mentioned in Article L. 211-3 of the French Monetary and Financial Code.Shareholders are invited to regularly consult the section dedicated to the 2023 Shareholders' Meeting on the company's website www.tarkett-group.com  which could be updated to specify the definitive terms and conditions for participation in the Shareholders’ Meeting.Story continues***Investor Relations Contactinvestors@tarkett.comMedia contactsTarkett - communication@tarkett.comBrunswick - tarkett@brunswickgroup.com - Tel.: +33 (0) 1 53 96 83 83About TarkettWith a history of 140 years  Tarkett is a worldwide leader in innovative and sustainable flooring and sports surface solutions  generating net sales of € 3.4 billion in 2022. The Group employs 12 000 employees and has 25 R&D centers  8 recycling centers and 34 production sites. Tarkett creates and manufactures solutions for hospitals  schools  housing  hotels  offices  stores and sports fields  serving customers in over 100 countries. To build ‘The Way to Better Floors”  the Group is committed to circular economy and sustainability  in line with its Tarkett Human-Conscious Design® approach. Tarkett is listed on the Euronext regulated market (compartment B  ISIN: FR0004188670  ticker: TKTT). www.tarkett-group.comAttachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.74,0.17,0.09,True,English,"['Combined Shareholders’ Meeting', 'preparatory documents', 'Tarkett', 'Conditions', 'April', 'Annonces Légales Obligatoires', '92919 Paris la Défense', 'Tarkett Human-Conscious Design® approach', 'The Combined Shareholders’ Meeting', 'Les Petites Affiches', 'Investor Relations Contact', 'Euronext regulated market', 'French legal newspaper', 'French Commercial Code', '25 R&D centers', 'Media contacts Tarkett', 'sports surface solutions', 'Financial Code', 'The Way', 'French Bulletin', 'French Monetary', 'Article L.', '8 recycling centers', 'sports fields', 'The Group', ""2023 Shareholders' Meeting"", '9h30 a', 'ground floor', 'Tour Initiale', 'Terrasse Bellini', 'draft resolutions', 'Shareholders’ Meetings', 'twenty-first day', 'applicable regulations', 'registered shares', 'written request', 'bearer shareholders', 'shareholding certificate', 'financial intermediary', 'definitive terms', 'worldwide leader', 'sustainable flooring', 'net sales', '34 production sites', 'Better Floors', 'circular economy', 'compartment B', 'preliminary notice', 'convening notice', 'registered office', 'following address', 'preparatory documents', 'Friday April', 'R.', 'FRANCE', 'March', 'Conditions', 'Auditorium', 'agenda', 'BALO', 'notices', 'information', 'accordance', 'Articles', 'connection', 'Company', 'website', 'tarkett-group', 'today', 'fifth', 'post', 'mail', 'actionnaires', 'requests', 'section', 'participation', 'Story', 'communication', 'Brunswick', 'Tel.', '140 years', 'innovative', '12,000 employees', 'hospitals', 'schools', 'housing', 'hotels', 'offices', 'stores', 'customers', '100 countries', 'sustainability', 'line', 'ISIN', 'ticker', 'TKTT', 'Attachment', '°', '33']",2023-03-31,2023-04-01,finance.yahoo.com
21932,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/bic-nomination-second-director-representing-154000383.html,BIC : Nomination of a second Director representing the employees,Société BIC Board of DirectorsNomination of a second Director representing the employees Clichy  France– 31 March 2023 - BIC announces the appointment of...,"Societe BICSociété BIC Board of DirectorsNomination of a second Director representing the employeesClichy  France– 31 March 2023 - BIC announces the appointment of Héla Madiouni  as Director representing the employees for the Board of Directors of Société BIC. She was nominated by the Group’s Works Council on March 30  2023. Héla Madiouni becomes the second Director representing the employees with Vincent Bedhome. She has been appointed in replacement of Inna Kostuk who resigned on October 14  2022. Her mandate will last for the next three years.Héla Madiouni is a graduate of ICN Business School and holds a Master's degree in Accounting and Financial Sciences and Techniques. In 2006  she started her career at PriceWaterhouseCoopers in Paris as an auditor. She joined the BIC Group Finance team in 2013 within the Group Finance Department. Since 2021  she has been Group Consolidation and Reporting Director.***ABOUT BICA world leader in stationery  lighters and shavers  BIC brings simplicity and joy to everyday Life. For more than 75 years  the Company has honored the tradition of providing high-quality  affordable  essential products to consumers everywhere. Through this unwavering dedication  BIC has become one of the most recognized brands and is a trademark registered worldwide. Today  BIC products are sold in more than 160 countries around the world and feature iconic brands such as BIC Kids™  BIC FlexTM  BodyMark by BICTM  Cello®  Djeep  Lucky Stationery  Rocketbook  Soleil®  Tipp-Ex®  Us. TM  Wite-Out®  Inkbox and more. In 2022  BIC Net Sales were 2 233.9 million euros. The Company is listed on ""Euronext Paris"" "" is part of the SBF120 and CAC Mid 60 indexes and is recognized for its commitment to sustainable development and education. It received an A- Leadership score from CDP. For more  visit www.bic.com or follow us on LinkedIn  Instagram  Twitter  or YouTube.CONTACTSInvestor Relations teaminvestors.info@bicworld.comKimberly StewartHead of Investor Relationskimberly.stewart@bicworld.comIsabelle de SegonzacImage 7  Press Relations contact+ 33 6 89 87 61 39isegonzac@image7.fr2023 AGENDAALL DATES TO BE CONFIRMEDStory continues1st Quarter 2023 Results April 25  2023 (post market close) 2023 Annual General Meeting May 16  2023 2nd Quarter and 1st Half 2023 Results July 26  2023 (post market close) 3rd Quarter and 9 Months 2023 Results October 25  2023 (post market close)Attachment",neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,positive,0.92,0.07,0.01,True,English,"['second Director', 'BIC', 'Nomination', 'employees', 'Societe BIC Société BIC Board', 'high-quality, affordable, essential products', 'BIC Group Finance team', 'Héla Madiouni', 'ICN Business School', 'Group Finance Department', 'CAC Mid 60 indexes', 'A- Leadership score', '2023 Annual General Meeting', 'Investor Relations team', 'Press Relations contact', 'BIC Net Sales', 'next three years', '1st Half 2023 Results', 'BIC products', 'BIC Kids™', 'BIC FlexTM', 'bic.com', 'Group Consolidation', '1st Quarter', 'Works Council', 'Vincent Bedhome', 'Inna Kostuk', 'Financial Sciences', 'everyday Life', 'unwavering dedication', 'recognized brands', 'iconic brands', 'sustainable development', 'Isabelle de', 'post market', '2nd Quarter', '3rd Quarter', 'second Director', 'Reporting Director', 'world leader', 'Euronext Paris', 'Kimberly Stewart', 'employees Clichy', '75 years', 'Directors', 'Nomination', 'France', 'appointment', 'March', 'replacement', 'October', 'mandate', 'graduate', 'Master', 'degree', 'Accounting', 'Techniques', 'career', 'PriceWaterhouseCoopers', 'auditor', 'ABOUT', 'stationery', 'lighters', 'shavers', 'simplicity', 'joy', 'Company', 'tradition', 'consumers', 'trademark', '160 countries', 'BodyMark', 'BICTM', 'Cello®', 'Djeep', 'Lucky', 'Rocketbook', 'Soleil®', 'Tipp', 'Ex®', 'Wite-Out®', 'Inkbox', 'SBF120', 'commitment', 'education', 'CDP', 'LinkedIn', 'Instagram', 'Twitter', 'YouTube', 'CONTACTS', 'bicworld', 'Head', 'Segonzac', 'Image', '2023 AGENDA', 'DATES', 'Story', 'April', '9 Months', 'Attachment']",2023-03-31,2023-04-01,finance.yahoo.com
21933,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/EURONEXT-N-V-16725768/news/Euronext-publishes-its-2022-Universal-Registration-Document-43388363/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230331,Euronext publishes its 2022 Universal Registration Document,(marketscreener.com) Contacts Media Contact Investor Relations Amsterdam +31 20 721 4133 Brussels +32 2 620 15 50 +33 1 70 48 24 27 Dublin +353 87 361 2380 Lisbon +351 210 600 614   Milan +39 02 72 42 62 12 Oslo +47 41 69 59 10   Paris +33 1 70 48 24 45      …,"Contacts Media Contact Investor Relations Amsterdam +31 20 721 4133 Brussels +32 2 620 15 50 +33 1 70 48 24 27 Dublin +353 87 361 2380 Lisbon +351 210 600 614 Milan +39 02 72 42 62 12 Oslo +47 41 69 59 10 Paris +33 1 70 48 24 45Euronext publishes its 2022 Universal Registration DocumentAmsterdam  Brussels  Dublin  Lisbon  Milan  Oslo and Paris – 31 March 2023 – Euronext  the leading pan-European market infrastructure  today announced it has filed its 2022 Universal Registration Document  prepared in ESEF format (European Single Electronic Format)  including the 2022 Annual Financial Statements and Directors’ Report to the Stichting Autoriteit Financiële Markten (the “AFM”)  on 30 March 2023  as competent authority under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129.The 2022 Universal Registration Document has been filed in English and is available in ESEF format on Euronext’s website at:https://www.euronext.com/en/investor-relations/financial-information/financial-reportsAnd at: https://www.euronext.com/en/investor-relations/annual-report-2022Printed copies of the official version filed to the AFM in ESEF format are available at the registered office of Euronext N.V.: Beursplein 5  1012 JW Amsterdam  The Netherlands.CONTACTS MEDIA – mediateam@euronext.com Aurélie Cohen (Europe) +33 1 70 48 24 45 parispressoffice@euronext.com Marianne Aalders (Amsterdam) +31 20 721 41 33 maalders@euronext.com Pascal Brabant (Brussels) +32 2 620 15 50 pbrabant@euronext.com Sandra Machado (Lisbon) +351 210 600 614 smachado@euronext.com Andrea Monzani (Europe/Milan/Rome) +39 02 72 42 62 13 italypressoffice@euronext.com Cathrine Lorvik Segerlund (Oslo) +47 41 69 59 10 clsegerlund@euronext.com Sarah Mound (Corporate  Paris) +33 1 70 48 24 45 smound@euronext.com Coralie Patri (Europe – Corporate Services) +33 7 88 34 27 44 cpatri@euronext.com ANALYSTS & INVESTORS – ir@euronext.com Aurélie Cohen +33 1 70 48 24 27 ir@euronext.com Clément Kubiak +33 1 70 48 26 33 ir@euronext.comAbout EuronextEuronext is the leading pan-European market infrastructure  connecting European economies to global capital markets  to accelerate innovation and sustainable growth. It operates regulated exchanges in Belgium  France  Ireland  Italy  the Netherlands  Norway and Portugal. With close to 1 930 listed equity issuers and around €6.3 trillion in market capitalisation as of end December 2022  it has an unmatched blue chip franchise and a strong diverse domestic and international client base. Euronext operates regulated and transparent equity and derivatives markets  one of Europe’s leading electronic fixed income trading markets and is the largest centre for debt and funds listings in the world. Its total product offering includes Equities  FX  Exchange Traded Funds  Warrants & Certificates  Bonds  Derivatives  Commodities and Indices. The Group provides a multi-asset clearing house through Euronext Clearing  and custody and settlement services through Euronext Securities central securities depositories in Denmark  Italy  Norway and Portugal. Euronext also leverages its expertise in running markets by providing technology and managed services to third parties. In addition to its main regulated market  it also operates a number of junior markets  simplifying access to listing for SMEs.For the latest news  go to euronext.com or follow us on Twitter (twitter.com/euronext) and LinkedIn (linkedin.com/euronext).DisclaimerThis press release is for information purposes only: it is not a recommendation to engage in investment activities and is provided “as is”  without representation or warranty of any kind. While all reasonable care has been taken to ensure the accuracy of the content  Euronext does not guarantee its accuracy or completeness. Euronext will not be held liable for any loss or damages of any nature ensuing from using  trusting or acting on information provided. No information set out or referred to in this publication may be regarded as creating any right or obligation. The creation of rights and obligations in respect of financial products that are traded on the exchanges operated by Euronext’s subsidiaries shall depend solely on the applicable rules of the market operator. All proprietary rights and interest in or connected with this publication shall vest in Euronext. This press release speaks only as of this date. Euronext refers to Euronext N.V. and its affiliates. Information regarding trademarks and intellectual property rights of Euronext is available at www.euronext.com/terms-use.© 2023  Euronext N.V. - All rights reserved.The Euronext Group processes your personal data in order to provide you with information about Euronext (the ""Purpose""). With regard to the processing of this personal data  Euronext will comply with its obligations under Regulation (EU) 2016/679 of the European Parliament and Council of 27 April 2016 (General Data Protection Regulation  “GDPR”)  and any applicable national laws  rules and regulations implementing the GDPR  as provided in its privacy statement available at: www.euronext.com/privacy-policy. In accordance with the applicable legislation you have rights with regard to the processing of your personal data: for more information on your rights  please refer to: www.euronext.com/data_subjects_rights_request_information. To make a request regarding the processing of your data or to unsubscribe from this press release service  please use our data subject request form at connect2.euronext.com/form/data-subjects-rights-request or email our Data Protection Officer at dpo@euronext.com.Attachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.11,0.88,True,English,"['2022 Universal Registration Document', 'Euronext', 'leading electronic fixed income trading markets', 'Stichting Autoriteit Financiële Markten', 'Contacts Media Contact Investor Relations', 'Euronext Securities central securities depositories', 'unmatched blue chip franchise', 'leading pan-European market infrastructure', 'European Single Electronic Format', 'General Data Protection Regulation', '2022 Universal Registration Document', 'Aurélie Cohen', 'Cathrine Lorvik Segerlund', 'Clément Kubiak', 'strong diverse domestic', 'international client base', 'total product offering', 'global capital markets', '2022 Annual Financial Statements', '1,930 listed equity issuers', 'Exchange Traded Funds', 'multi-asset clearing house', 'applicable national laws', 'main regulated market', 'intellectual property rights', 'Euronext N.V.', 'The Euronext Group', 'market capitalisation', 'market operator', 'junior markets', 'European economies', 'personal data', 'European Parliament', 'ESEF format', 'transparent equity', 'funds listings', 'The Group', 'financial products', 'derivatives markets', 'Directors’ Report', 'competent authority', 'official version', 'registered office', 'Marianne Aalders', 'Pascal Brabant', 'Sandra Machado', 'Andrea Monzani', 'Sarah Mound', 'Coralie Patri', 'sustainable growth', 'end December', 'largest centre', 'Euronext Clearing', 'settlement services', 'managed services', 'third parties', 'latest news', 'press release', 'investment activities', 'reasonable care', 'applicable rules', 'privacy statement', 'proprietary rights', 'The Netherlands', 'Corporate Services', 'regulated exchanges', '1012 JW Amsterdam', 'information purposes', 'Brussels', 'Dublin', 'Lisbon', 'Milan', 'Oslo', 'Paris', '31 March', 'AFM', '30 March', 'English', 'website', 'investor-relations', 'financial-information', 'financial-reports', 'annual-report', 'copies', 'Beursplein', 'ANALYSTS', 'INVESTORS', 'innovation', 'Belgium', 'France', 'Ireland', 'Italy', 'Norway', 'Portugal', 'close', 'debt', 'world', 'Equities', 'FX', 'Warrants', 'Certificates', 'Bonds', 'Commodities', 'Indices', 'custody', 'Denmark', 'expertise', 'technology', 'addition', 'number', 'access', 'SMEs', 'Twitter', 'LinkedIn', 'Disclaimer', 'recommendation', 'representation', 'warranty', 'kind', 'accuracy', 'content', 'completeness', 'loss', 'damages', 'nature', 'publication', 'obligation', 'creation', 'respect', 'subsidiaries', 'interest', 'date', 'affiliates', 'trademarks', 'terms', 'order', 'processing', 'Council', '27 April', 'GDPR', 'regulations', 'www', 'privacy-policy', 'accordance']",2023-03-31,2023-04-01,marketscreener.com
21934,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/weekly-report-march-24-30-185500802.html,Weekly Report (March 24-30  2023) on the First Tranche of Stellantis Share Buyback Program,Weekly Report (March 24-30  2023) on the First Tranche of Stellantis Share Buyback Program AMSTERDAM  March 31  2023 - Stellantis N.V. (“Stellantis” or the “...,STELLANTIS N.VWeekly Report (March 24-30  2023) on the First Tranche of Stellantis Share Buyback ProgramAMSTERDAM  March 31  2023 - Stellantis N.V. (“Stellantis” or the “Company”) announced today that pursuant to its First Tranche of the Share Buyback Program announced on March 16  2023  covering up to €500 million to be executed in the open market during the period between March 17  2023 and June 19  2023  it has repurchased the following common shares in the period between March 24 up to and including March 30  2023:Date Number of Shares Repurchased Average Market Purchase Price in € per share Repurchased Volume in € (excluding fees) Venues 24.03.2023 95.000 € 15 8425 € 1.505.038 PARE 27.03.2023 91.939 € 16 2029 € 1.489.678 PARE 28.03.2023 92.000 € 16 3074 € 1.500.281 MILE 29.03.2023 155.000 € 16 3182 € 2.529.321 MILE 30.03.2023 155.000 € 16 5770 € 2.569.435 MILE Total 588.939 € 16 2899 € 9.593.753Since March 17  2023 up to and including March 30  2023  the Company has purchased a total of 1 198 740 common shares for a total consideration of € 19 371 403.As of March 30  2023  the Company held in treasury No. 70.324.284 common shares equal to 2.19% of the total issued share capital including the common shares and the special voting shares.A comprehensive overview of the transactions carried out under the buyback program  as well as the details of the above transactions  are available on Stellantis’ corporate website under the Share Buyback Program Section www.stellantis.com/en/investors/stock-and-shareholder-info/share-buyback-program .###About StellantisStellantis N.V. (NYSE: STLA / Euronext Milan: STLAM / Euronext Paris: STLAP) is one of the world's leading automakers and a mobility provider. Its storied and iconic brands embody the passion of their visionary founders and today’s customers in their innovative products and services  including Abarth  Alfa Romeo  Chrysler  Citroën  Dodge  DS Automobiles  Fiat  Jeep ®   Lancia  Maserati  Opel  Peugeot  Ram  Vauxhall  Free2move and Leasys. Powered by our diversity  we lead the way the world moves – aspiring to become the greatest sustainable mobility tech company  not the biggest  while creating added value for all stakeholders as well as the communities in which it operates. For more information  visit www.stellantis.com.Story continues@Stellantis Stellantis Stellantis StellantisFor more information  contact:Fernão SILVEIRA +31 6 43 25 43 41 – fernao.silveira@stellantis.comcommunications@stellantis.comwww.stellantis.comFORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTSThis communication contains forward-looking statements. In particular  statements regarding future events and anticipated results of operations  business strategies  the anticipated benefits of the proposed transaction  future financial and operating results  the anticipated closing date for the proposed transaction and other anticipated aspects of our operations or operating results are forward-looking statements. These statements may include terms such as “may”  “will”  “expect”  “could”  “should”  “intend”  “estimate”  “anticipate”  “believe”  “remain”  “on track”  “design”  “target”  “objective”  “goal”  “forecast”  “projection”  “outlook”  “prospects”  “plan”  or similar terms. Forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance. Rather  they are based on Stellantis’ current state of knowledge  future expectations and projections about future events and are by their nature  subject to inherent risks and uncertainties. They relate to events and depend on circumstances that may or may not occur or exist in the future and  as such  undue reliance should not be placed on them.Actual results may differ materially from those expressed in forward-looking statements as a result of a variety of factors  including: the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic  the ability of Stellantis to launch new products successfully and to maintain vehicle shipment volumes; changes in the global financial markets  general economic environment and changes in demand for automotive products  which is subject to cyclicality; changes in local economic and political conditions  changes in trade policy and the imposition of global and regional tariffs or tariffs targeted to the automotive industry  the enactment of tax reforms or other changes in tax laws and regulations; Stellantis’ ability to expand certain of their brands globally; its ability to offer innovative  attractive products; its ability to develop  manufacture and sell vehicles with advanced features including enhanced electrification  connectivity and autonomous-driving characteristics; various types of claims  lawsuits  governmental investigations and other contingencies  including product liability and warranty claims and environmental claims  investigations and lawsuits; material operating expenditures in relation to compliance with environmental  health and safety regulations; the intense level of competition in the automotive industry  which may increase due to consolidation; exposure to shortfalls in the funding of Stellantis’ defined benefit pension plans; the ability to provide or arrange for access to adequate financing for dealers and retail customers and associated risks related to the establishment and operations of financial services companies; the ability to access funding to execute Stellantis’ business plans and improve its businesses  financial condition and results of operations; a significant malfunction  disruption or security breach compromising information technology systems or the electronic control systems contained in Stellantis’ vehicles; Stellantis’ ability to realize anticipated benefits from joint venture arrangements; disruptions arising from political  social and economic instability; risks associated with our relationships with employees  dealers and suppliers; increases in costs  disruptions of supply or shortages of raw materials  parts  components and systems used in Stellantis’ vehicles; developments in labor and industrial relations and developments in applicable labor laws; exchange rate fluctuations  interest rate changes  credit risk and other market risks; political and civil unrest; earthquakes or other disasters; risks and other items described in the Company’s Annual Report on Form 20-F for he year ended December 31  2022 and Current Reports on Form 6-K and amendments thereto filed with the SEC; and other risks and uncertainties.Any forward-looking statements contained in this communication speak only as of the date of this document and Stellantis disclaims any obligation to update or revise publicly forward-looking statements. Further information concerning Stellantis and its businesses  including factors that could materially affect Stellantis’ financial results  is included in Stellantis’ reports and filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission and AFM.Attachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.24,0.15,0.61,True,English,"['Stellantis Share Buyback Program', 'Weekly Report', 'First Tranche', 'March', 'greatest sustainable mobility tech company', 'STELLANTIS N.V Weekly Report', 'Average Market Purchase Price', 'Share Buyback Program Section', 'Stellantis Share Buyback Program', 'vehicle shipment volumes', 'Stellantis N.V.', 'general economic environment', 'material operating expenditures', 'special voting shares', 'Fernão SILVEIRA', 'Stellantis’ corporate website', 'other anticipated aspects', 'innovative, attractive products', 'global financial markets', 'following common shares', 'mobility provider', 'Citroën', 'open market', 'share capital', 'innovative products', 'anticipated results', 'local economic', '1,198,740 common shares', '70.324.284 common shares', 'operating results', 'other contingencies', 'future financial', 'new products', 'automotive products', 'First Tranche', 'treasury No.', 'comprehensive overview', 'Euronext Milan', 'Euronext Paris', 'leading automakers', 'visionary founders', 'Alfa Romeo', 'DS Automobiles', 'business strategies', 'current state', 'inherent risks', 'undue reliance', 'Actual results', 'COVID-19 pandemic', 'political conditions', 'trade policy', 'automotive industry', 'tax reforms', 'tax laws', 'advanced features', 'autonomous-driving characteristics', 'various types', 'product liability', 'environmental, health', 'intense level', 'future performance', 'future expectations', 'FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS', 'Stellantis Stellantis', 'warranty claims', 'environmental claims', 'other changes', 'total consideration', 'iconic brands', 'future events', 'closing date', 'similar terms', 'regional tariffs', 'safety regulations', 'MILE Total', 'March', 'AMSTERDAM', 'period', 'June', 'Number', 'fees', 'Venues', 'PARE', 'transactions', 'details', 'investors', 'stock', 'shareholder', 'info', 'buyback-program', 'NYSE', 'STLA', 'world', 'storied', 'passion', 'customers', 'services', 'Abarth', 'Chrysler', 'Dodge', 'Fiat', 'Jeep', 'Lancia', 'Maserati', 'Opel', 'Peugeot', 'Vauxhall', 'Free2move', 'Leasys', 'diversity', 'way', 'value', 'stakeholders', 'communities', 'Story', 'fernao', 'communication', 'operations', 'benefits', 'may', 'track', 'design', 'target', 'objective', 'projection', 'outlook', 'prospects', 'plan', 'guarantees', 'knowledge', 'nature', 'uncertainties', 'circumstances', 'variety', 'factors', 'impact', 'demand', 'cyclicality', 'enactment', 'vehicles', 'enhanced', 'electrification', 'connectivity', 'lawsuits', 'investigations', 'relation', 'compliance', 'competition', 'consolidation', 'exposure', 'shortfalls', 'funding']",2023-03-31,2023-04-01,finance.yahoo.com
21935,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/cnova-n-v-2022-annual-063000258.html,Cnova N.V.: 2022 annual report release and 2023 AGM notice,CNOVA N.V. Publishes 2022 Annual report and Notice of the 2023 Annual General Meeting of Shareholders Amsterdam – March 31  2023  08:30 CEST — Cnova N.V...,"CNOVA N.V.Publishes 2022 Annual report andNotice of the 2023 Annual General Meeting of ShareholdersAmsterdam – March 31  2023  08:30 CEST — Cnova N.V. (Euronext Paris: CNV; ISIN: NL0010949392) (“Cnova” or the “Company”) has published its annual financial report for the year ended December 31  2022. The report was filed with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets (Autoriteit Financiële Markten) and is available on the Company’s website  www.cnova.com.Cnova also today published the notice for its 2023 Annual General Meeting of Shareholders (the “AGM”) on its website at www.cnova.com. The AGM is to be held on Friday  May 26  2023  at 12:30 CEST  at Hilton Amsterdam Airport Schiphol Hotel located at Schiphol Boulevard 701  1118BN  in Schiphol  the Netherlands. As explained in the notice and the explanatory notes relating to the AGM  the agenda for the AGM  as proposed by the Company's Board of Directors (the ""Board"")  is as follows:Opening of the AGM Board report for the financial year 2022 (discussion item) Remuneration report for the financial year 2022 (advisory voting item) Allocation of results and dividend policy (discussion item) Adoption of the annual accounts for the financial year 2022 (voting item) Release from liability of the members of the Board with respect to the performance of their duties during the financial year 2022 (voting item) Instruction to KPMG Accountants N.V. for the external audit of the Company's annual accounts for the financial year 2023 (voting item) Reappointment of Mrs. Josseline de Clausade as Non-Executive Director (voting item) Reappointment of Mr. Christophe José Hidalgo as Non-Executive Director (voting item) Authorization of the Board to acquire ordinary shares in the capital of the Company (voting item) Delegation of the authority to issue ordinary shares and special voting shares and to grant rights to subscribe for such shares (voting item) Delegation of the authority to limit and exclude pre-emption rights in respect of any issue of ordinary shares or any granting of rights to subscribe for such shares (voting item) Questions Closing of the AGMStory continuesThe AGM notice and agenda  the explanatory notes thereto  the 2022 Dutch Annual Report  as well as the proxy card forms are available at Cnova’s website at www.cnova.com.***About Cnova N.V.Cnova N.V.  the French ecommerce leader  serves 8.5 million active customers via its state-of-the-art website  Cdiscount. Cnova N.V.’s product offering provides its B2C clients with a wide variety of very competitively priced goods  fast and customer-convenient delivery options  practical and innovative payment solutions as well as travel  entertainment and domestic energy services. Cnova N.V. also serves B2B clients internationally through Octopia (Marketplace-as-a-Service solutions)  Cdiscount Advertising (advertising services for sellers and brands) and C-logistics (end-to-end logistic ecommerce solution). Cnova N.V. is part of Groupe Casino  a global diversified retailer. Cnova N.V.'s news releases are available at www.cnova.com. Information available on  or accessible through  the sites referenced above is not part of this press release.This press release contains regulated information (gereglementeerde informatie) within the meaning of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht) which must be made publicly available pursuant to Dutch and French law. This press release is intended for information purposes only.***Cnova Investor Relations Contact:investor@cnovagroup.comTel : +33 6 79 74 30 94HYPERLINK ""mailto:investor@cnovagroup.com""Media contact:directiondelacommunication@cdiscount.comTel: +33 6 18 33 17 86cdiscount@vae-solis.comTel: +33 6 17 76 79 71HYPERLINK ""mailto:directiondelacommunication@cdiscount.com""Attachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,True,English,"['Cnova N.V.', '2022 annual report release', '2023 AGM notice', 'Hilton Amsterdam Airport Schiphol Hotel', 'Autoriteit Financiële Markten', 'Mrs. Josseline de Clausade', 'Mr. Christophe José Hidalgo', 'KPMG Accountants N.V.', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'Cnova Investor Relations Contact', 'proxy card forms', '8.5 million active customers', 'customer-convenient delivery options', 'logistic ecommerce solution', 'global diversified retailer', 'CNOVA N.V.', '2023 Annual General Meeting', 'French ecommerce leader', 'innovative payment solutions', 'domestic energy services', 'special voting shares', '2022 Dutch Annual Report', 'annual financial report', 'advisory voting item', 'AGM Board report', 'The AGM notice', 'Media contact', '2022 Annual report', 'Schiphol Boulevard', 'annual accounts', 'Service solutions', 'French law', 'Financial Markets', 'Remuneration report', 'financial year', 'Euronext Paris', 'explanatory notes', 'external audit', 'Non-Executive Director', 'Questions Closing', 'B2C clients', 'wide variety', 'B2B clients', 'Groupe Casino', 'news releases', 'financieel toezicht', 'Dutch Authority', 'ordinary shares', 'press release', 'regulated information', 'information purposes', 'Cdiscount Advertising', 'pre-emption rights', 'art website', 'discussion item', 'Shareholders', 'March', '08:30 CEST', 'CNV', 'Company', 'Friday', 'May', '12:30 CEST', 'Netherlands', 'agenda', 'Directors', 'Opening', 'Allocation', 'results', 'policy', 'Adoption', 'liability', 'members', 'respect', 'performance', 'duties', 'Instruction', 'Reappointment', 'Authorization', 'capital', 'Delegation', 'issue', 'granting', 'Story', 'state', 'product', 'fast', 'practical', 'travel', 'entertainment', 'Octopia', 'sellers', 'brands', 'C-logistics', 'part', 'sites', 'informatie', 'meaning', 'cnovagroup', 'HYPERLINK', 'mailto', 'directiondelacommunication', 'solis', 'Attachment']",2023-03-31,2023-04-01,finance.yahoo.com
21936,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/availability-annual-financial-report-societe-155700018.html,Availability of the Annual Financial Report of Societe Generale SCF,PRESS RELEASERegulated Information Paris  31 March 2023 Availability of the Annual Financial Report of Societe Generale SCF Societe Generale SCF (“Société de...,PRESS RELEASERegulated InformationParis  31 March 2023Availability of the Annual Financial Report of Societe Generale SCFSociete Generale SCF (“Société de Crédit Foncier”  Public Sector Loans) hereby informs the public that the Annual Financial Report for the period ended 31 December 2022  has been filed with the French Financial Markets Authority (AMF) on 31 March 2023.This document  available in French only  is made available to the public  free of charge  in accordance with the conditions provided for by the regulations in force and may be consulted in the “Societe Generale Public Sector Loans SCF / Regulated information” section of the Societe Generale group’s website (https://investors.societegenerale.com/en/financial-and-non-financial-information/debt-investors) and on the AMF’s website.Press contact :Jean-Baptiste Froville_+33 1 58 98 68 00_ jean-baptiste.froville@socgen.comFanny Rouby_+33 1 57 29 11 12_ fanny.rouby@socgen.comSociete Generale SCFSociete Generale SCF is a specialised credit institution (établissement de crédit spécialisé) with the status of société de crédit foncier  incorporated under French law on 8 December 2004 as a société anonyme à conseil d'administration. On 20 December 2007  it was authorised to act as a SCF (Société de Crédit Foncier) by the Credit Institutions and Investment Services Companies Commission (Comité des établissements de crédit et des entreprises d’investissement) (now the ACPR “Autorité de Contrôle Prudentiel et de Résolution »).Societe GeneraleSociete Generale is one of the leading European financial services groups. Based on a diversified and integrated banking model  the Group combines financial strength and proven expertise in innovation with a strategy of sustainable growth. Committed to the positive transformations of the world’s societies and economies  Societe Generale and its teams seek to build  day after day  together with its clients  a better and sustainable future through responsible and innovative financial solutions.Active in the real economy for over 150 years  with a solid position in Europe and connected to the rest of the world  Societe Generale has over 117 000 members of staff in 66 countries and supports on a daily basis 25 million individual clients  businesses and institutional investors around the world by offering a wide range of advisory services and tailored financial solutions. The Group is built on three complementary core businesses:Story continuesFrench Retail Banking with the SG bank  resulting from the merger of the two Societe Generale and Crédit du Nord networks  and Boursorama. Each offers a full range of financial services with omnichannel products at the cutting edge of digital innovation;International Retail Banking  Insurance and Financial Services  with networks in Africa  Central and Eastern Europe and specialised businesses that are leaders in their markets;Global Banking and Investor Solutions  which offers recognised expertise  key international locations and integrated solutions.Societe Generale is included in the principal socially responsible investment indices: DJSI (Europe)  FTSE4Good (Global and Europe)  Bloomberg Gender-Equality Index  Refinitiv Diversity and Inclusion Index  Euronext Vigeo (Europe and Eurozone)  STOXX Global ESG Leaders indexes  and the MSCI Low Carbon Leaders Index (World and Europe).In case of doubt regarding the authenticity of this press release  please go to the end of Societe Generale’s newsroom page where official Press Releases sent by Societe Generale can be certified using blockchain technology. A link will allow you to check the document’s legitimacy directly on the web page.For more information  you can follow us on Twitter @societegenerale or visit our website societegenerale.com.Attachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.07,0.93,True,English,"['Annual Financial Report', 'Societe Generale SCF', 'Availability', 'MSCI Low Carbon Leaders Index', 'Société de Crédit Foncier', 'leading European financial services groups', 'Societe Generale Public Sector Loans SCF', 'Crédit du Nord networks', 'Investment Services Companies Commission', 'socially responsible investment indices', 'three complementary core businesses', 'Global ESG Leaders indexes', 'French Financial Markets Authority', 'Bloomberg Gender-Equality Index', 'Annual Financial Report', 'Contrôle Prudentiel', 'key international locations', 'International Retail Banking', 'Societe Generale SCF', 'innovative financial solutions', 'tailored financial solutions', 'two Societe Generale', 'integrated banking model', 'French Retail Banking', 'official Press Releases', 'specialised credit institution', '25 million individual clients', 'Societe Generale group', 'établissements de', 'Inclusion Index', 'Global Banking', 'financial strength', 'advisory services', 'integrated solutions', 'specialised businesses', 'French law', 'Credit Institutions', 'Investor Solutions', 'Press contact', 'Résolution', 'proven expertise', 'sustainable growth', 'positive transformations', 'sustainable future', 'real economy', 'solid position', 'daily basis', 'wide range', 'The Group', 'SG bank', 'full range', 'omnichannel products', 'cutting edge', 'recognised expertise', 'Refinitiv Diversity', 'Euronext Vigeo', 'newsroom page', 'blockchain technology', 'web page', 'Regulated Information', 'Jean-Baptiste Froville', 'Fanny Rouby', 'institutional investors', 'digital innovation', 'Eastern Europe', 'Paris', '31 March', 'Availability', 'period', '31 December', 'AMF', 'document', 'charge', 'accordance', 'conditions', 'regulations', 'force', 'section', 'website', 'societegenerale', 'debt-investors', 'socgen', 'status', '8 December', 'conseil', 'administration', '20 December', 'Comité', 'entreprises', 'investissement', 'ACPR', 'Autorité', 'diversified', 'strategy', 'world', 'societies', 'economies', 'teams', 'day', '150 years', 'rest', '117,000 members', 'staff', '66 countries', 'Story', 'merger', 'Boursorama', 'Insurance', 'Africa', 'Central', 'DJSI', 'FTSE4Good', 'Eurozone', 'case', 'doubt', 'authenticity', 'link', 'legitimacy', 'Twitter', 'Attachment']",2023-03-31,2023-04-01,finance.yahoo.com
21937,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/availability-annual-financial-report-societe-161300716.html,Availability of the Annual Financial Report of Societe Generale SFH,PRESS RELEASE Regulated Information Paris  31 March 2023 Availability of the Annual Financial Report of Societe Generale SFH Societe Generale SFH (“Société...,PRESS RELEASERegulated InformationParis  31 March 2023Availability of the Annual Financial Report of Societe Generale SFHSociete Generale SFH (“Société de Financement de l’Habitat”  Home Loans SFH) hereby informs the public that the Annual Financial Report for the period ended 31 December 2022 has been filed with the French Financial Markets Authority (AMF) on 31 March 2023.This document  available in French only  is made available to the public  free of charge  in accordance with the conditions provided for by the regulations in force and may be consulted in the “Societe Generale Home Loans SFH / Regulated information” section of the Societe Generale group’s website ( https://investors.societegenerale.com/en/financial-and-non-financial-information/debt-investors ) and on the AMF’s website.Press contact :Jean-Baptiste Froville_+33 1 58 98 68 00_ jean-baptiste.froville@socgen.comFanny Rouby_+33 1 57 29 11 12_ fanny.rouby@socgen.comSociete Generale SFHSociete Generale SFH is a specialised credit institution (établissement de crédit spécialisé) having opted for the status of société de financement de l’habitat  incorporated under French law on 21 February 2003 as a société anonyme à conseil d'administration. On 28 March 2011  it was authorised to act as a SFH (Société de Financement de l’Habitat) by the ACPR ( Autorité de Contrôle Prudentiel et de Résolution).Societe GeneraleSociete Generale is one of the leading European financial services groups. Based on a diversified and integrated banking model  the Group combines financial strength and proven expertise in innovation with a strategy of sustainable growth. Committed to the positive transformations of the world’s societies and economies  Societe Generale and its teams seek to build  day after day  together with its clients  a better and sustainable future through responsible and innovative financial solutions.Active in the real economy for over 150 years  with a solid position in Europe and connected to the rest of the world  Societe Generale has over 117 000 members of staff in 66 countries and supports on a daily basis 25 million individual clients  businesses and institutional investors around the world by offering a wide range of advisory services and tailored financial solutions. The Group is built on three complementary core businesses:Story continuesFrench Retail Banking with the SG bank  resulting from the merger of the two Societe Generale and Crédit du Nord networks  and Boursorama. Each offers a full range of financial services with omnichannel products at the cutting edge of digital innovation;International Retail Banking  Insurance and Financial Services  with networks in Africa  Central and Eastern Europe and specialised businesses that are leaders in their markets;Global Banking and Investor Solutions  which offers recognised expertise  key international locations and integrated solutions.Societe Generale is included in the principal socially responsible investment indices: DJSI (Europe)  FTSE4Good (Global and Europe)  Bloomberg Gender-Equality Index  Refinitiv Diversity and Inclusion Index  Euronext Vigeo (Europe and Eurozone)  STOXX Global ESG Leaders indexes  and the MSCI Low Carbon Leaders Index (World and Europe).In case of doubt regarding the authenticity of this press release  please go to the end of Societe Generale’s newsroom page where official Press Releases sent by Societe Generale can be certified using blockchain technology. A link will allow you to check the document’s legitimacy directly on the web page.For more information  you can follow us on Twitter @societegenerale or visit our website societegenerale.com .Attachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.01,0.43,0.56,True,English,"['Annual Financial Report', 'Societe Generale SFH', 'Availability', 'MSCI Low Carbon Leaders Index', 'leading European financial services groups', 'Crédit du Nord networks', 'Societe Generale Home Loans SFH', 'de Contrôle Prudentiel', 'socially responsible investment indices', 'three complementary core businesses', 'Global ESG Leaders indexes', 'French Financial Markets Authority', 'PRESS RELEASE Regulated Information', 'Bloomberg Gender-Equality Index', 'Annual Financial Report', 'key international locations', 'International Retail Banking', 'official Press Releases', 'specialised credit institution', 'innovative financial solutions', 'tailored financial solutions', 'Societe Generale SFH', 'two Societe Generale', 'integrated banking model', 'French Retail Banking', 'Société de', '25 million individual clients', 'Societe Generale group', 'Inclusion Index', 'Global Banking', 'établissement de', 'financial strength', 'integrated solutions', 'specialised businesses', 'Press contact', 'advisory services', 'French law', 'Investor Solutions', 'Résolution', 'proven expertise', 'sustainable growth', 'positive transformations', 'sustainable future', 'real economy', 'solid position', 'daily basis', 'wide range', 'The Group', 'SG bank', 'full range', 'omnichannel products', 'cutting edge', 'recognised expertise', 'Refinitiv Diversity', 'Euronext Vigeo', 'newsroom page', 'blockchain technology', 'web page', 'Jean-Baptiste Froville', 'Fanny Rouby', 'institutional investors', 'digital innovation', 'Eastern Europe', 'Paris', '31 March', 'Availability', 'Financement', 'Habitat', 'public', 'period', 'AMF', 'document', 'charge', 'accordance', 'conditions', 'regulations', 'force', 'section', 'website', 'societegenerale', 'financial-information', 'debt-investors', 'socgen', 'status', '21 February', 'conseil', 'administration', '28 March', 'ACPR', 'diversified', 'strategy', 'world', 'societies', 'economies', 'teams', 'day', '150 years', 'rest', '117,000 members', 'staff', '66 countries', 'Story', 'merger', 'Boursorama', 'Insurance', 'Africa', 'Central', 'DJSI', 'FTSE4Good', 'Eurozone', 'case', 'doubt', 'authenticity', 'link', 'legitimacy', 'Twitter', 'Attachment']",2023-03-31,2023-04-01,finance.yahoo.com
21938,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/dsm-delivery-shares-193000085.html,DSM - delivery of shares,Following the Offering Circular published on 22 November 2022  Royal DSM is required to announce transactions relating to the ordinary shares in its capital ...,This is a press release by Koninklijke DSM N.V. (Royal DSM)  pursuant to the provisions of Sections 13 paragraphs 1 and 2 of the Dutch Decree on Public Takeover Bids (Besluit openbare biedingen Wft) (the Decree) in connection with the public offer by Danube AG (to be renamed DSM-Firmenich AG) for all the issued and outstanding ordinary shares in the capital of DSM (the Exchange Offer). This press release does not constitute an offer  or any solicitation of any offer  to buy or subscribe for any securities. This press release is not for general release  publication or distribution  in whole or in part  in or into  directly or indirectly  the United States or any other jurisdiction where such release  publication or distribution would violate applicable laws or regulations.HEERLEN  Netherlands  March 31  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- Following the Offering Circular published on 22 November 2022  Royal DSM is required to announce transactions relating to the ordinary shares in its capital in accordance with the Dutch public offer rules. This includes the delivery of treasury shares to employees in view of settling the vesting of share units or the exercise of stock options.DSM LogoPursuant to commitments entered into prior to issuing the Offering Circular  DSM has on 31 March 2023  delivered 145 836 ordinary shares to employees in view of (i) settling the customary vesting of 139 161 share units that have been granted in 2020 subject to the respective DSM Incentive Plan and (ii) settling the exercise of 6 675 stock options granted under the respective DSM Incentive Plan (average exercise price €93.21). On the date hereof  the total number of issued and outstanding DSM ordinary shares is 173 340 108. As a consequence of the delivery included herein  the number of outstanding DSM ordinary shares increased by 0.0842%.DSMRoyal DSM is a global  purpose-led company in Health  Nutrition & Bioscience  applying science to improve the health of people  animals and the planet. DSM's purpose is to create brighter lives for all. DSM's products and solutions address some of the world's biggest challenges while simultaneously creating economic  environmental and societal value for all its stakeholders – customers  employees  shareholders  and society at large. The company was founded in 1902 and is listed on Euronext Amsterdam. More information can be found at www.dsm.com.Story continuesOr find us on:LinkedIn: http://www.linkedin.com/company/3108Twitter: http://www.twitter.com/DSMFacebook: http://www.facebook.com/DSMcompanyYouTube: http://www.youtube.com/user/dsmcompanyFor more informationDSM Media Relations Gareth Mead tel. +31 (0) 45 5782420 email media.contacts@dsm.com DSM Investor Relations Dave Huizing tel. +31 (0) 45 5782864 email investor.relations@dsm.comForward-looking statementsThis press release may contain forward-looking statements with respect to DSM's future (financial) performance and position. Such statements are based on current expectations  estimates and projections of DSM and information currently available to the company. DSM cautions readers that such statements involve certain risks and uncertainties that are difficult to predict and therefore it should be understood that many factors can cause actual performance and position to differ materially from these statements. DSM has no obligation to update the statements contained in this press release  unless required by law. The English language version of the press release is leading.Logo - https://mma.prnewswire.com/media/329419/dsm_logo.jpgCisionView original content:https://www.prnewswire.co.uk/news-releases/dsm---delivery-of-shares-301787289.html,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,mixed,0.41,0.17,0.42,True,English,"['DSM', 'delivery', 'shares', 'DSM Media Relations Gareth Mead', 'DSM Investor Relations Dave Huizing', 'Koninklijke DSM N.V.', 'respective DSM Incentive Plan', 'Dutch public offer rules', 'outstanding DSM ordinary shares', 'outstanding ordinary shares', 'Public Takeover Bids', 'English language version', 'future (financial) performance', 'average exercise price', 'global, purpose-led company', '145,836 ordinary shares', 'treasury shares', 'Dutch Decree', 'actual performance', 'Royal DSM', 'Sections 13 paragraphs', 'biedingen Wft', 'Danube AG', 'Exchange Offer', 'United States', 'other jurisdiction', 'applicable laws', 'Offering Circular', 'share units', 'stock options', 'brighter lives', 'biggest challenges', 'economic, environmental', 'societal value', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'current expectations', 'many factors', 'original content', 'press release', 'general release', 'DSM Logo', 'customary vesting', 'total number', 'Forward-looking statements', 'Such statements', 'More information', 'provisions', 'connection', 'capital', 'solicitation', 'securities', 'publication', 'distribution', 'part', 'regulations', 'HEERLEN', 'Netherlands', '22 November', 'transactions', 'accordance', 'delivery', 'employees', 'view', 'commitments', '31 March', 'date', 'consequence', 'Health', 'Nutrition', 'Bioscience', 'people', 'animals', 'planet', 'products', 'solutions', 'world', 'stakeholders', 'customers', 'shareholders', 'society', 'Story', 'LinkedIn', 'Twitter', 'Facebook', 'DSMcompany', 'YouTube', 'position', 'estimates', 'projections', 'readers', 'risks', 'uncertainties', 'obligation', 'prnewswire', 'Cision', 'news-releases']",2023-03-31,2023-04-01,finance.yahoo.com
21939,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/03/31/2638878/0/en/Convening-of-the-Annual-General-Meeting-of-Euronext-N-V.html,Convening of the Annual General Meeting of Euronext N.V.,Contacts Media  Contact Investor Relations  Amsterdam  +31 20 721 4133  Brussels  +32 2 620 15 50  +33 1 70 48 24 27  Dublin  +33 1 70 48 24 45  Lisbon...,"Contacts Media Contact Investor Relations Amsterdam +31 20 721 4133 Brussels +32 2 620 15 50 +33 1 70 48 24 27 Dublin +33 1 70 48 24 45 Lisbon +351 210 600 614 Milan +39 02 72 42 62 12 Oslo +47 41 69 59 10 Paris +33 1 70 48 24 45Convening of the Annual General Meeting of Euronext N.V.Amsterdam  Brussels  Dublin  Lisbon  Milan  Oslo and Paris – 31 March 2023 – Euronext today announced that the Annual General Meeting (“AGM”) will take place on Wednesday 17 May 2023 at 10.30 CEST at Beursplein 5  1012 JW Amsterdam  The Netherlands.The agenda for the meeting is as follows:Opening Presentation of the Chief Executive Officer (discussion item) Annual report 2022 Explanation of the policy on additions to reserves and dividends (discussion item) Proposal to adopt the 2022 remuneration report (voting item 1) Proposal to adopt the 2022 financial statements (voting item 2) Proposal to adopt a dividend of €2.22 per ordinary share (voting item 3) Proposal to discharge the members of the Managing Board in respect of their duties performed during the year 2022 (voting item 4) Proposal to discharge the members of the Supervisory Board in respect of their duties performed during the year 2022 (voting item 5) Composition of the Supervisory Board Re-appointment of Nathalie Rachou as a member of the Supervisory Board (voting item 6) Re-appointment of Morten Thorsrud as a member of the Supervisory Board (voting item 7) Composition of the Managing Board Re-appointment of Stéphane Boujnah as a member of the Managing Board (voting item 8) Re-appointment of Daryl Byrne as a member of the Managing Board (voting item 9) Re-appointment of Chris Topple as a member of the Managing Board (voting item 10) Re-appointment of Isabel Ucha as a member of the Managing Board (voting item 11) Appointment of Manuel Bento as a member of the Managing Board (voting item 12) Appointment of Benoît van den Hove as a member of the Managing Board (voting item 13) Proposal to appoint the external auditor (voting item 14) Proposal to designate the Managing Board as the competent body: to issue ordinary shares (voting item 15); and to restrict or exclude the pre-emptive rights of shareholders (voting item 16) Proposal to authorise the Managing Board to acquire ordinary shares in the share capital of the company on behalf of the company (voting item 17) Any other business CloseThe AGM will be conducted in English.Registration date AGMPursuant to Dutch law and Euronext N.V.’s Articles of Association  the persons who will be considered as entitled to attend and vote at the AGM are those persons who are registered as such in the administrations held by their financial intermediaries (the “Shareholders”) on 19 April 2023  after processing of all settlements on that date (the “Registration Date”).Registration and voting instructionsShareholders holding their shares through Euroclear France S.A. (i.e. the public) who wish to attend the AGM  provide instructions or grant a power of attorney to vote on their behalf  must complete the form (voting form / attendance card request) provided for this purpose by their financial intermediary or by Euronext Securities Department – Uptevia. The Shareholders should be aware that these documents must be received  no later than on Thursday 11 May 2023 by their financial intermediary for receipt no later than on Friday 12 May 2023 by Uptevia  Assemblées Générales  9 rue du Débarcadère 93761 Pantin Cedex  France. The financial intermediary should deliver to the Shareholder a certificate of holding containing: name and city of residence of the Shareholder; number of shares; name and city of residence of the attendee (if different from the Shareholder) and declaration that the shares were in custody with the Euroclear France-admitted institution on the Registration Date. This certificate will serve as the admission certificate for the AGM for the Shareholder.Shareholders holding their shares through Interbolsa in Portugal who wish to attend the AGM  provide instructions or grant a power of attorney to vote on their behalf  must complete the form (voting form / attendance card request) provided for this purpose by Euronext Securities Department – Uptevia Corporate Trust. The Shareholders should be aware that these documents must be received  no later than on Thursday 11 May 2023 by their financial intermediary for receipt no later than on Friday 12 May 2023 by BNP Paribas Securities Services  PT Local Team  Edificio ART’S – Av. D. Joao II – Lote 1.18.01  Bloco B  1998-028 Lisboa  Portugal. The financial intermediary should deliver to the Shareholder a certificate of holding containing: name and city of residence of the Shareholder; number of shares on the Registration Date; name and city of residence of the attendee (if different from the Shareholder). This certificate will serve as admission certificate for the AGM for the Shareholder.Persons without a valid admission certificate will not be given access to the meeting. Attendants may be asked for identification prior to being admitted.At the time of the publication of this convening notice  Euronext’s total issued share capital in number of issued shares and in voting rights is published on Euronext’s website:https://www.euronext.com/en/investor-relations/capital-and-shareholdingWebcastThere will be a live broadcast of the AGM viahttps://channel.royalcast.com/landingpage/euronextwebcast/20230517_1/AGM DocumentationThe AGM Documentation (i.e. this convening notice  the agenda and the explanatory notes thereto including the information on the persons to be appointed to the Supervisory Board and the Managing Board  as well as the 2022 Annual Report) is available:at the registered office of Euronext N.V.: Beursplein 5  1012 JW Amsterdam  The Netherlandsby email request to EuronextCorporateSecretary@euronext.comon Euronext’s website https://www.euronext.com/en/investor-relations/shareholder-meetingsat Uptevia - CTS Assemblées Générales – 9 rue du Débarcadère  93761 Pantin Cedex  France - + 33 1 57 43 02 30Managing Board and Supervisory Board of Euronext N.V.Beursplein 5  1012 JW Amsterdam  The NetherlandsRegistered at the Dutch Chamber of Commerce  under number 60234520CONTACTS MEDIA – mediateam@euronext.com Aurélie Cohen (Europe) +33 1 70 48 24 45 parispressoffice@euronext.com Marianne Aalders (Amsterdam) +31 20 721 41 33 maalders@euronext.com Pascal Brabant (Brussels) +32 2 620 15 50 pbrabant@euronext.com Sandra Machado (Lisbon) +351 210 600 614 smachado@euronext.com Andrea Monzani (Europe/Milan/Rome) +39 02 72 42 62 13 italypressoffice@euronext.com Cathrine Lorvik Segerlund (Oslo) +47 41 69 59 10 clsegerlund@euronext.com Sarah Mound (Corporate  Paris) +33 1 70 48 24 45 smound@euronext.com Coralie Patri (Europe – Corporate Services) +33 7 88 34 27 44 cpatri@euronext.comANALYSTS & INVESTORS – ir@euronext.com Aurélie Cohen +33 1 70 48 24 27 ir@euronext.com Clément Kubiak +33 1 70 48 26 33 ir@euronext.comAbout EuronextEuronext is the leading pan-European market infrastructure  connecting European economies to global capital markets  to accelerate innovation and sustainable growth. It operates regulated exchanges in Belgium  France  Ireland  Italy  the Netherlands  Norway and Portugal. With close to 1 930 listed equity issuers and around €6.3 trillion in market capitalisation as of end December 2022  it has an unmatched blue chip franchise and a strong diverse domestic and international client base. Euronext operates regulated and transparent equity and derivatives markets  one of Europe’s leading electronic fixed income trading markets and is the largest centre for debt and funds listings in the world. Its total product offering includes Equities  FX  Exchange Traded Funds  Warrants & Certificates  Bonds  Derivatives  Commodities and Indices. The Group provides a multi-asset clearing house through Euronext Clearing  and custody and settlement services through Euronext Securities central securities depositories in Denmark  Italy  Norway and Portugal. Euronext also leverages its expertise in running markets by providing technology and managed services to third parties. In addition to its main regulated market  it also operates a number of junior markets  simplifying access to listing for SMEs.For the latest news  go to euronext.com or follow us on Twitter (twitter.com/euronext) and LinkedIn (linkedin.com/euronext).DisclaimerThis press release is for information purposes only: it is not a recommendation to engage in investment activities and is provided “as is”  without representation or warranty of any kind. While all reasonable care has been taken to ensure the accuracy of the content  Euronext does not guarantee its accuracy or completeness. Euronext will not be held liable for any loss or damages of any nature ensuing from using  trusting or acting on information provided. No information set out or referred to in this publication may be regarded as creating any right or obligation. The creation of rights and obligations in respect of financial products that are traded on the exchanges operated by Euronext’s subsidiaries shall depend solely on the applicable rules of the market operator. All proprietary rights and interest in or connected with this publication shall vest in Euronext. This press release speaks only as of this date. Euronext refers to Euronext N.V. and its affiliates. Information regarding trademarks and intellectual property rights of Euronext is available at www.euronext.com/terms-use.© 2023  Euronext N.V. - All rights reserved.The Euronext Group processes your personal data in order to provide you with information about Euronext (the ""Purpose""). With regard to the processing of this personal data  Euronext will comply with its obligations under Regulation (EU) 2016/679 of the European Parliament and Council of 27 April 2016 (General Data Protection Regulation  “GDPR”)  and any applicable national laws  rules and regulations implementing the GDPR  as provided in its privacy statement available at: www.euronext.com/privacy-policy. In accordance with the applicable legislation you have rights with regard to the processing of your personal data: for more information on your rights  please refer to: www.euronext.com/data_subjects_rights_request_information. To make a request regarding the processing of your data or to unsubscribe from this press release service  please use our data subject request form at connect2.euronext.com/form/data-subjects-rights-request or email our Data Protection Officer at dpo@euronext.com.Attachment",neutral,0.17,0.83,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.95,0.04,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'Euronext N.V.', 'Benoît van den Hove', '9 rue du Débarcadère', 'Assemblées Générales', 'Av. D. Joao II', 'Media Contact Investor Relations', 'BNP Paribas Securities Services', 'Euroclear France S.A.', 'Euroclear France-admitted institution', 'Edificio ART’S', 'Euronext N.V.', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'Stéphane Boujnah', 'attendance card request', 'PT Local Team', 'Euronext Securities Department', 'Uptevia Corporate Trust', 'Annual General Meeting', 'valid admission certificate', 'Annual report', 'Wednesday 17 May', 'The Netherlands', 'Opening Presentation', '2022 remuneration report', '2022 financial statements', 'ordinary share', 'Managing Board', 'Supervisory Board', 'Nathalie Rachou', 'Morten Thorsrud', 'Daryl Byrne', 'Chris Topple', 'Isabel Ucha', 'Manuel Bento', 'external auditor', 'competent body', 'pre-emptive rights', 'share capital', 'other business', 'Dutch law', 'financial intermediaries', 'financial intermediary', 'Thursday 11 May', 'Friday 12 May', 'Pantin Cedex', 'Bloco B', 'Registration date', '1012 JW Amsterdam', 'voting instructions', 'The Shareholders', 'voting form', 'The AGM', 'discussion item', 'shares', 'Contacts', 'Brussels', 'Dublin', 'Lisbon', 'Milan', 'Oslo', 'Paris', '31 March', 'place', '10.30 CEST', 'Beursplein', 'agenda', 'Explanation', 'policy', 'additions', 'reserves', 'dividends', 'Proposal', 'members', 'respect', 'duties', 'year', 'Composition', 'appointment', 'company', 'behalf', 'English', 'Articles', 'Association', 'persons', 'administrations', '19 April', 'processing', 'settlements', 'public', 'power', 'attorney', 'purpose', 'documents', 'receipt', 'holding', 'name', 'city', 'residence', 'number', 'attendee', 'declaration', 'custody', 'Interbolsa', 'Portugal', 'Lote', 'Lisboa', 'access', 'Attendants', 'identification', 'time', '70']",2023-03-31,2023-04-01,globenewswire.com
21940,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/03/31/2638790/0/en/ASM-INTERNATIONAL-N-V-ANNOUNCES-THE-AVAILABILITY-OF-THE-2023-AGM-MATERIALS.html,ASM INTERNATIONAL N.V. ANNOUNCES THE AVAILABILITY OF THE 2023 AGM MATERIALS,Almere  the NetherlandsMarch 31  2023        ASM International N.V. (Euronext Amsterdam: ASM) today announces that the information regarding the Annual......,Almere  the NetherlandsMarch 31  2023ASM International N.V. (Euronext Amsterdam: ASM) today announces that the information regarding the Annual General Meeting scheduled for May 15  2023 (AGM)  is now available on the Company's website. This information includes the convocation  the agenda and annexes thereto. The U.S. market proxy materials for holders of New York Registry Shares are also posted on our website.The AGM will commence at 2:00 p.m. CET.The AGM can be attended in person by shareholders. Our shareholders are also offered the possibility to exercise their voting rights by proxy and to follow (view and hear only) the meeting through our live webcast.The agenda for the AGM includes  amongst others  a change of the remuneration policy for the Management Board  approval of the proposal to declare a regular dividend of €2.50 per common share  approval of reappointment of KPMG Accountants N.V. for the financial year 2023 and the financial year 2024 and approval of the annual accounts of 2022.In accordance with applicable legal requirements in the Netherlands the record date for the AGM is April 17  2023. The total number of issued shares in ASM International N.V. as per today amounts to 49 348 548 common shares. Considering the number of shares held in treasury as per today  amounting to 10 476 shares  the number of voting shares amounts to 49 338 072.About ASM InternationalASM International N.V.  headquartered in Almere  the Netherlands  and its subsidiaries design and manufacture equipment and process solutions to produce semiconductor devices for wafer processing  and have facilities in the United States  Europe  and Asia. ASM International's common stock trades on the Euronext Amsterdam Stock Exchange (symbol ASM). For more information  visit ASM's website at www.asm.com .Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements: All matters discussed in this press release  except for any historical data  are forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements. These include  but are not limited to  economic conditions and trends in the semiconductor industry generally and the timing of the industry cycles specifically  currency fluctuations  corporate transactions  financing and liquidity matters  the success of restructurings  the timing of significant orders  market acceptance of new products  competitive factors  litigation involving intellectual property  shareholders or other issues  commercial and economic disruption due to natural disasters  terrorist activity  armed conflict or political instability  changes in import/export regulations  epidemics and other risks indicated in the Company's reports and financial statements. The Company assumes no obligation nor intends to update or revise any forward-looking statements to reflect future developments or circumstances.CONTACTInvestor and Media contact:Victor BareñoT: +31 88 100 8500E: investor.relations@asm.com,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.01,0.19,0.8,True,English,"['ASM INTERNATIONAL N.V. ANNOUNCES', '2023 AGM MATERIALS', 'AVAILABILITY', 'THE', 'The U.S. market proxy materials', 'KPMG Accountants N.V.', 'Victor Bareño T', 'Euronext Amsterdam Stock Exchange', 'ASM International N.V.', 'New York Registry Shares', 'applicable legal requirements', 'common stock trades', 'Annual General Meeting', 'market acceptance', 'new products', 'annual accounts', 'The AGM', 'common share', 'The Company', 'voting rights', 'live webcast', 'remuneration policy', 'Management Board', 'regular dividend', 'financial year', 'record date', 'process solutions', 'semiconductor devices', 'wafer processing', 'United States', 'Cautionary Note', 'Forward-Looking Statements', 'press release', 'historical data', 'actual results', 'economic conditions', 'semiconductor industry', 'industry cycles', 'currency fluctuations', 'corporate transactions', 'significant orders', 'competitive factors', 'intellectual property', 'other issues', 'economic disruption', 'natural disasters', 'terrorist activity', 'armed conflict', 'political instability', 'import/export regulations', 'financial statements', 'future developments', 'voting shares', 'liquidity matters', 'other risks', 'Media contact', 'total number', '10,476 shares', 'Almere', 'Netherlands', 'March', 'information', 'May', 'website', 'convocation', 'agenda', 'annexes', 'holders', 'CET', 'person', 'possibility', 'others', 'approval', 'proposal', 'reappointment', 'accordance', 'today', 'treasury', 'subsidiaries', 'manufacture', 'equipment', 'facilities', 'Europe', 'Asia', 'symbol', 'uncertainties', 'trends', 'timing', 'financing', 'success', 'restructurings', 'litigation', 'commercial', 'changes', 'epidemics', 'reports', 'obligation', 'circumstances', 'Investor', '2:00']",2023-03-31,2023-04-01,globenewswire.com
21941,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/03/31/2638379/0/en/Quadient-Quadient-announces-its-eligibility-for-PEA-PME-scheme.html,Quadient: Quadient announces its eligibility for PEA-PME scheme,Quadient announces its eligibility for PEA-PME scheme    Paris  31 March 2023   Quadient (Euronext Paris : FR0000120560  QDT)  a leader in helping......,English FrenchQuadient announces its eligibility for PEA-PME schemeParis  31 March 2023Quadient (Euronext Paris : FR0000120560  QDT)  a leader in helping businesses create meaningful customer connections through digital and physical channels  announces today its eligibility for the PEA-PME scheme  as it complies with the criteria for inclusion set by Article L.221-32-2 of the French Monetary and Financial Code and as modified by the Pacte law n° 2019-486 on 22 May 2019.The criteria for European companies to be eligible to the scheme are: having less than 5 000 employees  and a total revenue below €1 500 million or total assets below €2 000 million. Based on Quadient’s consolidated financial statements of the last fiscal year ended 31 January 2023  the Group had 4 846 employees and revenues of €1 081 million.As a consequence  investment in Quadient shares can be made through PEA-PME accounts.CalendarQuadient will publish its Q1 2023 sales on 31 May 2023About Quadient®Quadient is the driving force behind the world’s most meaningful customer experiences. By focusing on three key solution areas  Intelligent Communication Automation  Parcel Locker Solutions and Mail-Related Solutions  Quadient helps simplify the connection between people and what matters. Quadient supports hundreds of thousands of customers worldwide in their quest to create relevant  personalized connections and achieve customer experience excellence. Quadient is listed in compartment B of Euronext Paris (QDT) and is part of the CAC® Mid & Small and EnterNext® Tech 40 indices.For more information about Quadient  visit https://invest.quadient.com/ContactsCatherine Hubert-Dorel  Quadient+33 (0)1 45 36 30 56c.hubert-dorel@quadient.comfinancial-communication@quadient.comCaroline Baude  Quadient+33 (0)1 45 36 31 82c.baude@quadient.com OPRG FinancialIsabelle Laurent / Fabrice Baron+33 (0)1 53 32 61 51 /+33 (0)1 53 32 61 27isabelle.laurent@oprgfinancial.frfabrice.baron@oprgfinancial.frAttachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['PEA-PME scheme', 'Quadient', 'eligibility', 'three key solution areas', 'meaningful customer connections', 'last fiscal year', 'meaningful customer experiences', 'relevant, personalized connections', 'customer experience excellence', 'EnterNext® Tech 40 indices', 'Parcel Locker Solutions', 'Intelligent Communication Automation', 'Mail-Related Solutions', 'English French', 'physical channels', 'Article L.', 'French Monetary', 'Financial Code', 'Pacte law', 'European companies', 'total revenue', 'total assets', 'financial statements', 'PEA-PME accounts', 'Q1 2023 sales', 'driving force', 'compartment B', 'CAC® Mid', 'OPRG Financial', 'PEA-PME scheme', 'Euronext Paris', 'Catherine Hubert-Dorel', 'Caroline Baude', 'Isabelle Laurent', 'Fabrice Baron', 'Quadient shares', 'Quadient®', 'eligibility', '31 March', 'QDT', 'leader', 'businesses', 'digital', 'criteria', 'inclusion', '22 May', 'less', '5,000 employees', 'Group', '4,846 employees', 'revenues', 'consequence', 'investment', 'Calendar', '31 May', 'world', 'people', 'hundreds', 'thousands', 'customers', 'quest', 'information', 'Contacts', 'oprgfinancial', 'Attachment']",2023-03-31,2023-04-01,globenewswire.com
21942,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/03/31/2638341/0/en/BioSenic-provides-Financial-Update-and-Financial-Calendar-2023.html,BioSenic provides Financial Update and Financial Calendar 2023,INSIDE INFORMATION    Mont-Saint-Guibert  Belgium  March 31  2023  7am CET - BIOSENIC (Euronext Brussels and Paris: BIOS)  the clinical stage company......,English FrenchINSIDE INFORMATIONMont-Saint-Guibert  Belgium  March 31  2023  7am CET - BIOSENIC (Euronext Brussels and Paris: BIOS)  the clinical stage company specializing in severe autoimmune/inflammatory diseases and cellular repair  provides today a financial update and publishes its financial calendar for the year 2023.Financial UpdateAs a result of cost management efforts made and payments received (mainly from Pregene) in Q1 2023  BioSenic Group now anticipates having sufficient cash to carry out its business objectives until May 2023.This updated cash forecast is based on the currently available cash and assumes negotiation of a revised RCA repayment schedule for turnover-independent reimbursements to be made under the recoverable cash advances (RCA) previously received by BioSenic.Financial Calendar 202327 April – Full Year Results & Annual Report 202225 May – Q1 2023 Business and Financial Highlights8 June – Annual General Meeting 20237 September – Half Year Results 202326 October – Q3 2023 Business and Financial HighlightsThe financial calendar is communicated on an indicative basis and may be subject to change.About BioSenicBioSenic is a biotech company focused on (i) the development of innovative products to address high unmet needs in orthopedics and (ii) exploiting the possibilities offered by the therapeutic use of arsenic salts (mainly arsenic trioxide (ATO) for patients with autoimmune diseases. Key target indications for the platforms include Graft versus Host Disease (GvHD)  Systemic lupus erythematosus (SLE)  Systemic Sclerosis (SSc) and high-risk tibial fractures and other orthopedics indications  such as osteoarthritis  by combining new and tested  IP protected  techniques.Following the merger in October 2022  BioSenic combines the strategic positionings and strengths of Medsenic and Bone Therapeutics. The merger also enables Biosenic to add to its innovative cell therapy platform and strong IP for tissue repair or protection with an entirely new arsenal of various anti-inflammatory and anti-autoimmune formulations using the immunomodulatory properties of ATO/OATO.BioSenic is based in the Louvain-la-Neuve Science Park in Mont-Saint-Guibert  Belgium. Further information is available at http://www.biosenic.com.About BioSenic technology platformsBioSenic’s technology is based on two main platforms:1) The allogeneic cell and gene therapy platform  developed by BioSenic with differentiated bone marrow sourced Mesenchymal Stromal Cells (MSCs) that can be stored at the point of use in hospitals. Its current investigational medicinal product  ALLOB  represents a unique  proprietary approach to organ repair and specifically to bone regeneration  by turning undifferentiated stromal cells from healthy donors into bone-forming cells on the site of injury after a single local injection. These cells are produced via a BioSenic's scalable manufacturing process. Following the CTA approval by regulatory authorities in Europe  BioSenic has initiated patient recruitment for the Phase IIb clinical trial with ALLOB in patients with difficult tibial fractures  using its optimized production process. ALLOB is currently being evaluated in a randomized  double-blind  placebo-controlled Phase IIb study in patients with high-risk tibial fractures  using its optimized production process  after a successful first safety and efficacy study (Phase 1/2a) on fractured long bones  with late delayed union. The patient recruitment has been halted late February 2023 with 57 patients and the new rules permitted for statistical analysis should allow BioSenic to get the main results of this trial much earlier than anticipated in the original protocol  since they are expected by mid-2023.2) The Arsenic TriOxide (ATO) platform developed by Medsenic. The immunomodulatory properties of ATO have demonstrated a double basic effect on cells of the immune system. The first effect is the increase of the cell oxidative stress in activated B  T or other cells of the innate/adaptative immune system to the point they will enter a cell death program (apoptosis) and be eliminated. The second effect is potent immunomodulatory properties on several pro-inflammatory cytokines involved in inflammatory or autoimmune cell pathways. One direct application is its use in onco-immunology to treat GvHD (Graft-versus-Host Disease) in its chronic  established stage. GvHD is one of the most common and clinically significant complications affecting long-term survival of allogeneic hematopoietic stem cell transplantation (allo-SCT). GvHD is primarily mediated by the transplanted immune system that can lead to severe multiorgan damage. Medsenic had been successful in a Phase II trial with its intravenous formulation  allowing arsenic trioxide to be granted an orphan drug designation status by FDA and EMA and is heading towards an international Phase III confirmatory study  with a new  IP protected  oral (OATO) formulation.Moderate to Severe forms of Systemic Lupus erythematosus (SLE) is another selected target  using the same oral formulation. ATO has shown good safety and significant clinical efficacy on several affected organs (skin  mucosae and the gastro-intestinal tract) in a Phase IIa study.Systemic Sclerosis is  in addition  part of the clinical pipeline of BioSenic. Preclinical studies on pertinent animal models are positive. This gives good grounds to launch a Phase II clinical protocol for this serious disease that badly affects skin  lungs or vascularization  and with no actual current effective treatment.In addition  BioSenic is developing an off-the-shelf next-generation improved viscosupplement  JTA-004  consisting of a unique combination of plasma proteins  hyaluronic acid - a natural component of knee synovial fluid  and a fast-acting analgesic. JTA-004 intends to provide added lubrication and protection to the cartilage of the arthritic joint and to alleviate osteoarthritic pain (OA) and inflammation. In March 2023  after the identification of new OA subtypes  BioSenic delivered a new post-hoc analysis of its Phase III JTA-004 trial on knee OA with positive action on the most severely affected patient population. This new post-hoc analysis changes the therapeutic profile of the molecule and potentially allows for the possibility of stratifying patients for a new  optimized Phase III clinical study. BioSenic  which does not intend to allocate R&D resources to support the clinical development of JTA-004 and will continue to focus its R&D activities on the development of its autoimmune (ATO) and cell therapy (ALLOB) platforms  is now seeking to collaborate with existing and potential partners to explore options for the future development of JTA-004 based on this new post-hoc analysis.For further information  please contact:BioSenic SAPr. François Rieger  PhD  Chief Executive OfficerTel: +33 (0)671 73 31 59investorrelations@biosenic.comFor Belgian Media and Investor Enquiries:BepublicBert BouserieTel: +32 (0)488 40 44 77bert.bouserie@bepublicgroup.beFor International Media Enquiries:IB CommunicationsNeil Hunter / Michelle BoxallTel: +44 (0)20 8943 4685neil.hunter@ibcomms.agency / michelle@ibcomms.agencyFor French Media Enquiries:NewCap MediaAnnie-Florence LoyerTel: +33 (0)1 44 71 00 12afloyer@newcap.frFor French Investor Enquiries:Seitosei ActifinGhislaine GasparettoTel: +33 (0)1 56 88 11 22ggasparetto@actifin.frCertain statements  beliefs and opinions in this press release are forward-looking  which reflect the Company or  as appropriate  the Company directors’ current expectations and projections about future events. By their nature  forward-looking statements involve a number of risks  uncertainties and assumptions that could cause actual results or events to differ materially from those expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. These risks  uncertainties and assumptions could adversely affect the outcome and financial effects of the plans and events described herein. A multitude of factors including  but not limited to  changes in demand  competition and technology  can cause actual events  performance or results to differ significantly from any anticipated development. Forward looking statements contained in this press release regarding past trends or activities should not be taken as a representation that such trends or activities will continue in the future. As a result  the Company expressly disclaims any obligation or undertaking to release any update or revisions to any forward-looking statements in this press release as a result of any change in expectations or any change in events  conditions  assumptions or circumstances on which these forward-looking statements are based. Neither the Company nor its advisers or representatives nor any of its subsidiary undertakings or any such person’s officers or employees guarantees that the assumptions underlying such forward-looking statements are free from errors nor does either accept any responsibility for the future accuracy of the forward-looking statements contained in this press release or the actual occurrence of the forecasted developments. You should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements  which speak only as of the date of this press release.,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.3,0.05,0.65,True,English,"['Financial Update', 'Financial Calendar', 'BioSenic', 'randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled Phase IIb study', 'new, IP protected, oral (OATO) formulation', 'international Phase III confirmatory study', 'allogeneic hematopoietic stem cell transplantation', 'The Arsenic TriOxide (ATO) platform', 'current investigational medicinal product', 'orphan drug designation status', 'Phase IIb clinical trial', 'innovative cell therapy platform', 'gene therapy platform', 'Phase II trial', 'cell oxidative stress', 'cell death program', 'cost management efforts', 'high unmet needs', 'high-risk tibial fractures', 'Louvain-la-Neuve Science Park', 'unique, proprietary approach', 'single local injection', 'scalable manufacturing process', 'difficult tibial fractures', 'optimized production process', 'late delayed union', 'several pro-inflammatory cytokines', 'One direct application', 'autoimmune cell pathways', 'Systemic lupus erythematosus', 'severe multiorgan damage', 'Annual General Meeting', 'successful first safety', 'differentiated bone marrow', 'double basic effect', 'recoverable cash advances', 'severe autoimmune/inflammatory diseases', 'clinical stage company', 'RCA repayment schedule', 'Full Year Results', 'Half Year Results', 'Key target indications', 'Mesenchymal Stromal Cells', 'undifferentiated stromal cells', 'two main platforms', 'innate/adaptative immune system', 'potent immunomodulatory properties', 'other orthopedics indications', 'allogeneic cell', 'efficacy study', 'intravenous formulation', 'BioSenic technology platforms', 'main results', 'innovative products', 'autoimmune diseases', 'strong IP', 'first effect', 'arsenic salts', 'new arsenal', 'new rules', 'Systemic Sclerosis', 'Severe forms', 'Annual Report', 'biotech company', 'other cells', 'Bone Therapeutics', 'bone regeneration', 'second effect', 'sufficient cash', 'cash forecast', 'available cash', 'English French', 'INSIDE INFORMATION', '7am CET', 'Euronext Brussels', 'cellular repair', 'financial update', 'financial calendar', 'business objectives', 'turnover-independent reimbursements', 'Financial Highlights', 'Q3 2023 Business', 'indicative basis', 'Host Disease', 'strategic positionings', 'tissue repair', 'various anti-inflammatory', 'anti-autoimmune formulations', 'Further information', 'organ repair', 'healthy donors', 'bone-forming cells', 'CTA approval', 'regulatory authorities', 'patient recruitment', 'long bones', 'statistical analysis', 'original protocol', 'activated B', 'significant complications', 'long-term survival', 'Q1 2023 Business', 'therapeutic use', 'BioSenic Group', 'Mont-Saint-Guibert', 'Belgium', 'Paris', 'payments', 'Pregene', 'May', 'negotiation', '27 April', '8 June', '7 September', '26 October', 'change', 'development', 'possibilities', 'patients', 'Graft', 'GvHD', 'SLE', 'SSc', 'osteoarthritis', 'techniques', 'merger', 'strengths', 'Medsenic', 'protection', 'ATO/OATO', 'MSCs', 'point', 'hospitals', 'ALLOB', 'site', 'injury', 'Europe', 'mid-20', 'increase', 'apoptosis', 'onco-immunology', 'common', 'SCT', 'FDA', 'Moderate']",2023-03-31,2023-04-01,globenewswire.com
21943,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/boussard-gavaudan-holding-limited-gbp-170000118.html,BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED (GBP) : Transaction in Own Shares,BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED March 2023 TRANSACTION IN OWN SECURITIES ACTIVITY REPORT1 The Company announces that pursuant to the general authority...,"BOUSSARD AND GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED (GBP)BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDMarch 2023 TRANSACTION IN OWN SECURITIES ACTIVITY REPORT 1The Company announces that pursuant to the general authority granted by shareholders of the Company on 28 May 2019 to make market purchases of its own Ordinary shares  it repurchased 850 Euro shares in March 2023.Figure of the share buy back programme for March 2023Share Buy Back Programme Liquidity Enhancement Agreement Aggregate number of transactions conducted in March 2023 10 Average size of the transactions 850 0Following this transaction  the Company has:Euro share outstanding excluding share held in treasury 12 296 208Euro share held in treasury 850 GBP share outstanding excluding share held in treasury 126 294 GBP share held in treasury 0 Total number of shares 12 423 35231 March 2023For further information please contact:Boussard & Gavaudan Investment Management  LLPEmmanuel Gavaudan (London) +44 203 751 5389François-Xavier Baud (London) +44 203 751 5395The Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has received the necessary approval of the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and the States of Guernsey Policy Council. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.This is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Story continuesNeither the Company nor Boussard & Gavaudan Fund Plc has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that: all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results; the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; and if you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.1 This report includes the transactions conducted by both BGHL  for the share buy back programme and Exane  for the Liquidity Enhancement Agreement.Attachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.09,0.28,0.63,True,English,"['GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED', 'Own Shares', 'BOUSSARD', 'GBP', 'Transaction', 'Share Buy Back Programme Liquidity Enhancement Agreement', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'US Investment Company Act', 'Gavaudan Fund Plc', 'François-Xavier Baud', 'GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED', 'expert financial advice', 'Guernsey Policy Council', 'collective investment scheme', 'other professional advice', 'Gavaudan Investment Management', 'UK Listing Authority', 'US Securities Act', 'closed-ended investment company', 'SECURITIES ACTIVITY REPORT', 'Dutch Authority', 'US persons', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'Financial Markets', 'investment performance', 'original investment', 'investment decision', 'general authority', 'Euro share', 'market purchases', 'Average size', '850 GBP share', 'financieel toezicht', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'Official List', 'main market', 'applicable law', 'public offering', 'The Company', 'other jurisdiction', 'United States', 'listed securities', 'Ordinary shares', 'Total number', 'necessary approval', 'The Shares', 'future results', 'information purposes', 'BOUSSARD', 'March', 'TRANSACTION', 'shareholders', '28 May', 'Figure', 'treasury', 'LLP', 'article', 'conjunction', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'Story', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', 'mind', 'risk', 'past', 'guarantee', 'BGHL', 'doubt', 'contents', 'communication', 'substitute', 'Exane', 'Attachment']",2023-03-31,2023-04-01,finance.yahoo.com
21944,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/bghl-gbp-nav-053000053.html,BGHL (GBP): NAV(s),BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary Shares The Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for...,"BOUSSARD AND GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED (GBP)BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary SharesThe Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for the Company.Close of business 30 Mar 2023.Estimated NAVEuro Shares Sterling Shares Estimated NAV € 26.7422 £ 23.6038 Estimated MTD return -1.99 % -1.88 % Estimated YTD return -3.70 % -3.37 % Estimated ITD return 167.42 % 136.04 %NAV and returns are calculated net of management and performance feesMarket informationEuro Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close € 22.00 N/A Premium/discount to estimated NAV -17.73 % N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close N/A GBX 1 900.00 Premium/discount to estimated NAV N/A -19.50 %Transactions in own securities purchased into treasuryOrdinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/A Range of Price N/A N/ALiquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/ABGHL CapitalBGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Shares Outstanding 12 296 208 126 294 Held in treasury 850 N/A Shares Issued 12 297 058 126 294Estimated BG Fund NAVClass B Euro Shares (estimated) € 234.9342 Class GBP A Shares (estimated) £ 125.9684The Class B Euro Shares of BG Fund are not subject to investment manager fees  as the Investment Manager receives management fees and performance fees in respect of its role as Investment Manager of BGHL.For further information please contact:Boussard & Gavaudan Investment Management  LLP.Emmanuel Gavaudan +44 (0) 20 3751 5389 Email : info@bgam-uk.comStory continuesThe Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has received the necessary approval of the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and the States of Guernsey Policy Council. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.This is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Neither the Company nor BG Fund ICAV has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that:all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results;the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; andif you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.Attachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.16,0.84,True,English,"['BGHL', 'GBP', 'NAV', 'A Liquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares', 'The Class B Euro Shares', 'BGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares', 'GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary Shares', 'Class GBP A Shares', 'A N/A Average Price', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'Sterling Shares Shares', 'Euro Shares Amsterdam', 'US Investment Company Act', 'A N/A Range', 'expert financial advice', 'Guernsey Policy Council', 'collective investment scheme', 'UK Listing Authority', 'other professional advice', 'BG Fund ICAV', 'Gavaudan Investment Management', 'closed-ended investment company', 'US Securities Act', 'investment manager fees', '850 N/A Shares', 'BG Fund NAV', 'The Shares', 'A Premium/discount', 'Dutch Authority', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'N/A GBX', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'US persons', 'Financial Markets', 'The Directors', 'The Company', 'investment performance', 'original investment', 'investment decision', 'performance fees', 'BGHL Capital', 'management fees', 'MTD return', 'YTD return', 'ITD return', 'financieel toezicht', 'Official List', 'applicable law', 'public offering', 'other jurisdiction', 'following information', 'further information', 'information purposes', 'main market', 'United States', 'Market information', 'necessary approval', 'future results', 'listed securities', 'LSE) Market', 'BOUSSARD', 'business', 'returns', 'AEX', 'Transactions', 'treasury', 'Number', 'respect', 'role', 'LLP.', 'Email', 'Story', 'article', 'conjunction', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', 'mind', 'risk', 'past', 'guarantee', 'doubt', 'contents', 'communication', 'substitute', 'Attachment']",2023-03-31,2023-04-01,finance.yahoo.com
21945,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/pixium-vision-announces-fda-breakthrough-050000452.html,Pixium Vision announces FDA Breakthrough Device Designation for the Prima System in Dry AMD,Pixium Vision announces FDA Breakthrough Device Designation for the Prima System in Dry AMD Pixium Vision to receive interactive communication with FDA...,"Pixium VisionPixium Vision announces FDA Breakthrough Device Designation for the Prima System in Dry AMDPixium Vision to receive interactive communication with FDA through premarket review phase of Prima System and potential prioritized regulatory reviewBreakthrough Device Designation aims to expedite development of medical devices that can treat or diagnose life-threatening or debilitating conditionsPRIMAvera European pivotal trial in dry AMD fully recruited and on track to report primary endpoints around the end of 2023Streamlined reimbursement options available upon approval in the United-StatesParis  France  March 31  2023 – 07:00 CET – Pixium Vision SA (Euronext Growth Paris - FR0011950641; Mnemo: ALPIX)  a bioelectronics company that develops innovative bionic vision systems to enable patients who have lost their sight to live more independent lives  announces today the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) has granted Breakthrough Device Designation to the company's Prima System  a photovoltaic substitute of photoreceptors providing simultaneous use of the central prosthetic and peripheral natural vision implanted in human patients with atrophic dry age-related macular degeneration (AMD) to partially restore their vision.The Breakthrough Device Designation aims to supply patients and healthcare providers with timely access to new medical devices that offer more effective treatment or diagnosis of life-threatening or irreversibly debilitating diseases or conditions by speeding up their development  assessment and review. To receive the designation  a device must also have either breakthrough technology  or no approved or cleared alternatives  or significant advantages over existing approved or cleared alternatives  or its availability must be in the best interest of patients.Under the program  Pixium Vision will have the opportunity to interact with the FDA's experts during the premarket review phase of the Prima System to identify areas of agreement in a timely way and could also receive prioritized review of the regulatory submission.Story continues""To receive this Breakthrough Device Designation and have the FDA recognize the therapeutic potential of our Prima System is a significant achievement for Pixium Vision  especially as only a small proportion of devices awarded the designation are intended to treat ophthalmologic conditions1 "" said Lloyd Diamond  Chief Executive Officer of Pixium Vision. ""Our Prima System is making great progress in the clinic with a read-out on the primary endpoints due toward the end of this year. This designation not only helps us to expedite the development of the Prima System but also affords us the opportunity of working closely with the FDA in refining the Prima System for its US regulatory submission. In addition  after receiving market authorization  there are outpatient and inpatient reimbursement pathways that are more readily accessible as a result of receiving Breakthrough Device Designation.""In December 2022  Pixium Vision announced the completion of implantations in the European pivotal trial PRIMAvera and confirmed a read-out of the study's primary endpoints around the end of 2023  with a regulatory submission in Europe in H1 2024.The PRIMAvera study design is based on the positive data generated in a French feasibility study  showing the ability of patients with dry AMD to improve visual acuity with the Prima System. The primary efficacy endpoint of the PRIMAvera study is the proportion of subjects with an improvement of visual acuity of logMAR 0.2 or more from baseline after 12 months  and the primary safety endpoint is the number and severity of device and procedure-related serious adverse events at 12 months follow-up. The study will include three years of follow-up  with an assessment of the primary endpoints at 12 months after implantation.About Pixium VisionPixium Vision is creating a world of bionic vision for those who have lost their sight  enabling them to regain visual perception and greater autonomy. Pixium Vision’s bionic vision systems are associated with a surgical intervention and a rehabilitation period. Prima System sub-retinal miniature photovoltaic wireless implant is in clinical testing for patients who have lost their sight due to outer retinal degeneration  initially for atrophic dry age-related macular degeneration (dry AMD). Pixium Vision collaborates closely with academic and research partners  including some of the most prestigious vision research institutions in the world  such as Stanford University in California  Institut de la Vision in Paris  Moorfields Eye Hospital in London  Institute of Ocular Microsurgery (IMO) in Barcelona  University hospital in Bonn  and UPMC in Pittsburgh  PA. The company is EN ISO 13485 certified and qualifies as “Entreprise Innovante” by Bpifrance.Forward-Looking Statements. This press release contains certain forward-looking statements. Although the Company believes its expectations are based on reasonable assumptions  these forward-looking statements are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties  which could cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated. For a discussion of risks and uncertainties which could cause the Company's actual results  financial condition  performance or achievements to differ from those contained in the forward looking statements  please refer to the Risk Factors (“Facteurs de Risques”) section of the Company’s 2021 Half-Year Financial Report and other documents the Company files with the AMF  which is available on the AMF website (www.amf- france.org) or on the Company’s website.For more information:http://www.pixium-vision.com/frFollow us on@PixiumVision ;www.facebook.com/pixiumvisionwww.linkedin.com/company/pixium-visionContactsPixium VisionOffer NonhoffChief Financial Officerinvestors@pixium-vision.com+33 1 76 21 47 68 Media RelationsLifeSci AdvisorsSophie Baumontsophie@lifesciadvisors.com+33 6 27 74 74 49 Investor RelationsLifeSci AdvisorsGuillaume van Renterghemgvanrenterghem@lifesciadvisors.com+41 76 735 01 311 https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/how-study-and-market-your-device/breakthrough-devices-program#s2",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.64,0.11,0.25,True,English,"['FDA Breakthrough Device Designation', 'Pixium Vision', 'Prima System', 'Dry AMD', 'Prima System sub-retinal miniature photovoltaic wireless implant', 'atrophic dry age-related macular degeneration', 'procedure-related serious adverse events', 'PRIMAvera European pivotal trial', 'European pivotal trial PRIMAvera', 'The PRIMAvera study design', 'prestigious vision research institutions', 'innovative bionic vision systems', 'The Breakthrough Device Designation', 'potential prioritized regulatory review', 'outer retinal degeneration', 'FDA Breakthrough Device Designation', 'U.S. Food', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'premarket review phase', 'inpatient reimbursement pathways', 'Moorfields Eye Hospital', 'primary efficacy endpoint', 'primary safety endpoint', 'peripheral natural vision', 'French feasibility study', 'US regulatory submission', 'Euronext Growth Paris', 'new medical devices', 'Pixium Vision SA', 'photovoltaic substitute', 'prioritized review', 'breakthrough technology', 'therapeutic potential', 'research partners', 'Dry AMD', 'reimbursement options', 'University hospital', 'primary endpoints', 'la Vision', 'interactive communication', 'United-States Paris', 'independent lives', 'Drug Administration', 'simultaneous use', 'central prosthetic', 'healthcare providers', 'timely access', 'effective treatment', 'debilitating diseases', 'significant advantages', 'best interest', 'timely way', 'significant achievement', 'Lloyd Diamond', 'great progress', 'market authorization', 'positive data', 'visual acuity', 'three years', 'visual perception', 'greater autonomy', 'surgical intervention', 'rehabilitation period', 'clinical testing', 'Stanford University', 'Ocular Microsurgery', 'EN ISO', 'Forward-Looking Statements', 'press release', 'reasonable assumptions', 'numerous risks', 'debilitating conditions', 'ophthalmologic conditions', 'small proportion', 'bioelectronics company', 'human patients', 'development', 'life-threatening', 'track', 'approval', 'France', 'March', '07:00 CET', 'Mnemo', 'ALPIX', 'sight', 'photoreceptors', 'diagnosis', 'irreversibly', 'assessment', 'alternatives', 'existing', 'availability', 'program', 'opportunity', 'experts', 'areas', 'agreement', 'Story', 'addition', 'outpatient', 'result', 'December', 'completion', 'implantations', 'H1', 'subjects', 'improvement', 'logMAR', 'baseline', '12 months', 'number', 'severity', 'up', 'world', 'academic', 'California', 'London', 'Institute', 'IMO', 'Barcelona', 'Bonn', 'Pittsburgh', 'Entreprise', 'expectations', '2023']",2023-03-31,2023-04-01,finance.yahoo.com
21946,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/bghl-eur-nav-053000450.html,BGHL (EUR): NAV(s),BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary Shares The Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for...,"BOUSSARD AND GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED (EUR)BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary SharesThe Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for the Company.Close of business 30 Mar 2023.Estimated NAVEuro Shares Sterling Shares Estimated NAV € 26.7422 £ 23.6038 Estimated MTD return -1.99 % -1.88 % Estimated YTD return -3.70 % -3.37 % Estimated ITD return 167.42 % 136.04 %NAV and returns are calculated net of management and performance feesMarket informationEuro Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close € 22.00 N/A Premium/discount to estimated NAV -17.73 % N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close N/A GBX 1 900.00 Premium/discount to estimated NAV N/A -19.50 %Transactions in own securities purchased into treasuryOrdinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/A Range of Price N/A N/ALiquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/ABGHL CapitalBGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Shares Outstanding 12 296 208 126 294 Held in treasury 850 N/A Shares Issued 12 297 058 126 294Estimated BG Fund NAVClass B Euro Shares (estimated) € 234.9342 Class GBP A Shares (estimated) £ 125.9684The Class B Euro Shares of BG Fund are not subject to investment manager fees  as the Investment Manager receives management fees and performance fees in respect of its role as Investment Manager of BGHL.For further information please contact:Boussard & Gavaudan Investment Management  LLP.Emmanuel Gavaudan +44 (0) 20 3751 5389 Email : info@bgam-uk.comStory continuesThe Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has received the necessary approval of the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and the States of Guernsey Policy Council. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.This is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Neither the Company nor BG Fund ICAV has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that:all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results;the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; andif you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.Attachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.16,0.84,True,English,"['BGHL', 'EUR', 'NAV', 'A Liquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares', 'The Class B Euro Shares', 'BGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares', 'Class GBP A Shares', 'A N/A Average Price', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'Euro Shares Amsterdam', 'Sterling Shares Shares', 'US Investment Company Act', 'A N/A Range', 'GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED', 'expert financial advice', 'Guernsey Policy Council', 'collective investment scheme', 'UK Listing Authority', 'other professional advice', 'BG Fund ICAV', 'closed-ended investment company', 'US Securities Act', 'Gavaudan Investment Management', 'investment manager fees', 'BG Fund NAV', '850 N/A Shares', 'The Shares', 'A Premium/discount', 'Dutch Authority', 'N/A GBX', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'US persons', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'Financial Markets', 'The Directors', 'The Company', 'investment performance', 'original investment', 'investment decision', 'performance fees', 'BGHL Capital', 'management fees', 'MTD return', 'YTD return', 'ITD return', 'financieel toezicht', 'Official List', 'applicable law', 'public offering', 'other jurisdiction', 'following information', 'further information', 'information purposes', 'main market', 'United States', 'Market information', 'necessary approval', 'future results', 'listed securities', 'LSE) Market', 'BOUSSARD', 'business', 'returns', 'AEX', 'Transactions', 'treasury', 'Number', 'respect', 'role', 'LLP.', 'Email', 'Story', 'article', 'conjunction', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', 'mind', 'risk', 'past', 'guarantee', 'doubt', 'contents', 'communication', 'substitute', 'Attachment']",2023-03-31,2023-04-01,finance.yahoo.com
21947,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/boussard-gavaudan-holding-limited-eur-170000927.html,BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED (EUR) : Transaction in Own Shares,BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED March 2023 TRANSACTION IN OWN SECURITIES ACTIVITY REPORT1 The Company announces that pursuant to the general authority...,"BOUSSARD AND GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED (EUR)BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDMarch 2023 TRANSACTION IN OWN SECURITIES ACTIVITY REPORT 1The Company announces that pursuant to the general authority granted by shareholders of the Company on 28 May 2019 to make market purchases of its own Ordinary shares  it repurchased 850 Euro shares in March 2023.Figure of the share buy back programme for March 2023Share Buy Back Programme Liquidity Enhancement Agreement Aggregate number of transactions conducted in March 2023 10 Average size of the transactions 850 0Following this transaction  the Company has:Euro share outstanding excluding share held in treasury 12 296 208Euro share held in treasury 850 GBP share outstanding excluding share held in treasury 126 294 GBP share held in treasury 0 Total number of shares 12 423 35231 March 2023For further information please contact:Boussard & Gavaudan Investment Management  LLPEmmanuel Gavaudan (London) +44 203 751 5389François-Xavier Baud (London) +44 203 751 5395The Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has received the necessary approval of the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and the States of Guernsey Policy Council. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.This is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Story continuesNeither the Company nor Boussard & Gavaudan Fund Plc has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that: all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results; the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; and if you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.1 This report includes the transactions conducted by both BGHL  for the share buy back programme and Exane  for the Liquidity Enhancement Agreement.Attachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.09,0.28,0.63,True,English,"['GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED', 'Own Shares', 'BOUSSARD', 'Transaction', 'Share Buy Back Programme Liquidity Enhancement Agreement', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'US Investment Company Act', 'Gavaudan Fund Plc', 'François-Xavier Baud', 'GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED', 'expert financial advice', 'Guernsey Policy Council', 'collective investment scheme', 'other professional advice', 'Gavaudan Investment Management', 'UK Listing Authority', 'US Securities Act', 'closed-ended investment company', 'SECURITIES ACTIVITY REPORT', 'Dutch Authority', 'US persons', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'Financial Markets', 'investment performance', 'original investment', 'investment decision', 'general authority', 'Euro share', '850 GBP share', 'market purchases', 'Average size', 'financieel toezicht', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'Official List', 'main market', 'applicable law', 'public offering', 'The Company', 'other jurisdiction', 'United States', 'listed securities', 'Ordinary shares', 'Total number', 'necessary approval', 'The Shares', 'future results', 'information purposes', 'BOUSSARD', 'March', 'TRANSACTION', 'shareholders', '28 May', 'Figure', 'treasury', 'LLP', 'article', 'conjunction', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'Story', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', 'mind', 'risk', 'past', 'guarantee', 'BGHL', 'doubt', 'contents', 'communication', 'substitute', 'Exane', 'Attachment']",2023-03-31,2023-04-01,finance.yahoo.com
21948,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/bnp-paribas-launches-first-tranche-060000442.html,BNP Paribas launches the first tranche of the share buyback programme planned for 2023,Paris  31 March 2023 BNP Paribas launches the first tranche of the share buyback programme planned for 2023 ​ BNP Paribas announces today the launch of the...,BNP Paribas SAParis  31 March 2023BNP Paribas launches the first tranche of the share buyback programme planned for 2023​BNP Paribas announces today the launch of the first tranche of the share buyback programme planned for 2023 for a maximum amount of EUR 2.5 billion.BNP Paribas plans to launch a second tranche1 in the second half of 2023  bringing the total maximum amount to EUR 5 billion  including EUR 4.04 billion  with the intent of compensating for the effect of the dilution of the net earnings per share related to the sale of Bank of the West on February 1st  2023.BNP Paribas has received the approval from the European Central Bank for the first tranche and a contract was concluded with an investment services provider acting independently  entrusted with an irrevocable instruction to purchase the shares.The purchase period will start on April 3rd  2023 and will end no later than August 3rd  2023. The shares purchased under the programme will be cancelled.BNP Paribas will provide weekly updates on the progress of the programme via a press release on BNP Paribas’ website  and via full and effective dissemination in accordance with the applicable legal provisions:https://invest.bnpparibas/en/search/reports/documents/regulated-information .The share buyback programme will be carried out in accordance with the provisions set out in the EU Regulation n°596/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council of April 16th  2014 on market abuse and its implementing provisions  and within the limits of the authorisation granted to BNP Paribas to purchase shares on the market pursuant to the 5th resolution adopted by the General Meeting of BNP Paribas on May 17th  2022.The description of the share buyback programme is available in appendix and on BNP Paribas’s website: https://invest.bnpparibas/en/search/reports/documents/regulated-information .APPENDIX: DESCRIPTION OF THE SHARE BUYBACK PROGRAMMEThe present description complies with the provisions of article 241-2  I of the General Regulation of the French Financial Markets Authority (Autorité des Marchés Financiers).Story continuesDate of the general meeting which approved the resolution concerning the share buyback programmeMay 17th  2022Objectives pursued by BNP PARIBASIn accordance with the fifth resolution approved by the combined General Meeting on May 17th  2022  the shares may be purchased for the purposes of:their cancellation in situations identified by the Extraordinary General Meeting;honoring the obligations linked to the issuance of equity instruments  stock option plans  bonus share awards  the allotment or selling of shares to employees as part of a profit-sharing scheme  employee shareholding or Corporate Savings Plans  or any other type of share grant for employees and directors and corporate officers of BNP Paribas and of the companies controlled exclusively by BNP Paribas within the meaning of article L.223-16 of the French Commercial Code;holding and subsequently remitting them in exchange or as payment for external growth transactions  mergers  spin-offs or asset contributions;under a market-making agreement in accordance with Decision No. 2021-01 of 22 June 2021 of the French Financial Markets Authority (Autorité des Marchés Financiers – AMF);carrying out investment services for which BNP Paribas has been approved or to hedge them.Maximum amount allocated to the share buyback programme  maximum number of shares to be purchasedThe General Meeting has authorised the Board of Directors to purchase a number of shares representing up to 10% of the shares comprising the share capital of BNP Paribas  or  for illustrative purposes  as of December 14th   2021  the date on which the share capital was last recorded  a maximum of 123 433 164 shares. Based on a maximum repurchase price of EUR 88 per share  set by the fifth resolution approved by the General Meeting dated May 17th  2022  this number of shares represents a theoretical maximum purchase amount of EUR 10 862 118 432. Such limit is likely to change in case of transactions affecting the share capital.The shares which may be purchased under the present description are BNP Paribas’ shares listed on Euronext Paris – A compartment  ISIN Code FR0000131104.Considering that BNP Paribas owned as of May 6th  2022 directly 721 971 of its own shares  i.e. 0.06% of its share capital  the number of shares that was likely to be purchased at the date of the General Meeting dated May 17th  2022 is 122 711 193 shares representing 9.94% of the share capital  i.e.  on the basis of a maximum purchase price of EUR 88 per share as set by the General Meeting  a theoretical maximum purchase amount of EUR 10 798 584 984.Duration of the share buyback programmeThe authorisation granted by the General Meeting dated May 17th  2022  as described in the fifth resolution  is valid for an eighteen-month period with effect from the date of the said General Meeting  i.e. up to November 17th  2023.The Board of directors will ensure that these share purchases are carried out in accordance with the prudential requirements as defined by the regulation and the European Central Bank.​​​About BNP ParibasBNP Paribas is the European Union’s leading bank and key player in international banking. It operates in 65 countries and has nearly 190 000 employees  including nearly 145 000 in Europe. The Group has key positions in its three main fields of activity: Commercial  Personal Banking & Services for the Group’s commercial & personal banking and several specialised businesses including BNP Paribas Personal Finance  Arval and Leasing Solutions; Investment & Protection Services for savings  investment and protection solutions; and Corporate & Institutional Banking  focused on corporate and institutional clients. Based on its strong diversified and integrated model  the Group helps all its clients (individuals  community associations  entrepreneurs  SMEs  corporates and institutional clients) to realise their projects through solutions spanning financing  investment  savings and protection insurance. In Europe  BNP Paribas has four domestic markets: Belgium  France  Italy and Luxembourg. The Group is rolling out its integrated commercial & personal banking model across several Mediterranean countries  Türkiye  and Eastern Europe. As a key player in international banking  the Group has leading platforms and business lines in Europe  a strong presence in the Americas as well as a solid and fast-growing business in Asia-Pacific. BNP Paribas has implemented a Corporate Social Responsibility approach in all its activities  enabling it to contribute to the construction of a sustainable future  while ensuring the Group's performance and stability.Press contactsSandrine Romano – sandrine.romano@bnpparibas.com – +33 (0)6 71 18 23 05Hacina Habchi – hacina.habchi@bnpparibas.com - +33 (0)7 61 97 65 201 Upon customary condition precedents  including ECB authorisationsAttachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.12,0.38,0.5,True,English,"['share buyback programme', 'BNP Paribas', 'first tranche', '2023', 'Autorité des Marchés Financiers', 'French Financial Markets Authority', 'theoretical maximum purchase amount', 'French Commercial Code', 'stock option plans', 'maximum purchase price', 'maximum repurchase price', 'Corporate Savings Plans', 'bonus share awards', 'investment services provider', 'external growth transactions', 'share buyback programme', 'applicable legal provisions', 'European Central Bank', 'Extraordinary General Meeting', 'BNP Paribas SA', 'The General Meeting', 'BNP Paribas’ website', 'BNP Paribas’ shares', 'maximum amount', 'purchase period', 'European Parliament', 'corporate officers', 'ISIN Code', 'share grant', 'share capital', 'share purchases', 'General Regulation', 'first tranche', 'second tranche1', 'second half', 'net earnings', 'irrevocable instruction', 'weekly updates', 'press release', 'effective dissemination', 'EU Regulation', 'equity instruments', 'profit-sharing scheme', 'employee shareholding', 'other type', 'asset contributions', 'market-making agreement', 'Decision No.', 'Such limit', 'eighteen-month period', 'maximum number', '5th resolution', 'fifth resolution', 'implementing provisions', '31 March', 'market abuse', 'present description', 'article L.', 'illustrative purposes', 'Euronext Paris', '123,433,164 shares', '122,711,193 shares', 'launch', 'total', 'intent', 'dilution', 'sale', 'West', 'February', 'approval', 'contract', 'April', 'August', 'progress', 'full', 'accordance', 'bnpparibas', 'search', 'reports', 'documents', 'Council', 'limits', 'authorisation', 'May', 'appendix', 'Story', 'Objectives', 'cancellation', 'situations', 'obligations', 'issuance', 'allotment', 'selling', 'employees', 'part', 'directors', 'companies', 'meaning', 'exchange', 'payment', 'mergers', 'spin-offs', '22 June', 'AMF', 'Board', 'December', 'case', 'basis', 'Duration', 'November', '2023']",2023-03-31,2023-04-01,finance.yahoo.com
21949,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/03/31/2638339/0/en/Valneva-Announces-Filing-of-2022-Universal-Registration-Document-and-US-Form-20-F.html,Valneva Announces Filing of 2022 Universal Registration Document and US Form 20-F,Saint-Herblain (France)  March 31  2023 – Valneva SE (Nasdaq: VALN; Euronext Paris: VLA)  a specialty vaccine company  announced today the filing  on March 30 2023  of its 2022 Universal Registration Document (URD) with the French Financial Markets Authority …,English FrenchSaint-Herblain (France)  March 31  2023 – Valneva SE (Nasdaq: VALN; Euronext Paris: VLA)  a specialty vaccine company  announced today the filing  on March 30 2023  of its 2022 Universal Registration Document (URD) with the French Financial Markets Authority (AMF) under the filing number D.23-0199 and its Form 20-F with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC).Valneva’s 2022 Universal Registration Document includes the Company’s 2022 audited Annual Financial Report  the Management Board Report  the Supervisory Board’s report on Corporate Governance and the Group’s Corporate Social Responsibility Report.These documents are available on Valneva’s website (https://valneva.com/investors/financial-reports/) and will also be available on the AMF (www.amf-france.org) and SEC (www.sec.gov) websites  respectively. Hard copies of these documents may be obtained from the Company  free of charge  upon request at the following address: 6 rue Alain Bombard  44800 Saint-Herblain  France.About Valneva SEValneva is a specialty vaccine company focused on the development  manufacturing and commercialization of prophylactic vaccines for infectious diseases with significant unmet medical need. The Company takes a highly specialized and targeted approach to vaccine development and then applies its deep understanding of vaccine science to develop prophylactic vaccines addressing these diseases. Valneva has leveraged its expertise and capabilities both to commercialize three vaccines and to rapidly advance a broad range of vaccine candidates into and through the clinic  including candidates against the chikungunya virus and Lyme disease.Valneva Investor and Media ContactsLaetitia Bachelot-FontaineVP  Global Communications and European Investor RelationsM +33 (0)6 4516 7099investors@valneva.comJoshua Drumm  Ph.D.VP  Global Investor RelationsM +001 917 815 4520joshua.drumm@valneva.comAttachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.01,True,English,"['2022 Universal Registration Document', 'US Form', 'Valneva', 'Filing', 'significant unmet medical need', 'French Financial Markets Authority', '2022 audited Annual Financial Report', 'Corporate Social Responsibility Report', '2022 Universal Registration Document', 'U.S. Securities', '6 rue Alain Bombard', 'European Investor Relations', 'Management Board Report', 'Global Investor Relations', 'specialty vaccine company', 'English French', 'Corporate Governance', 'Supervisory Board', 'Global Communications', 'vaccine science', 'Euronext Paris', 'Exchange Commission', 'Hard copies', 'following address', 'prophylactic vaccines', 'The Company', 'targeted approach', 'deep understanding', 'three vaccines', 'broad range', 'chikungunya virus', 'Lyme disease', 'Media Contacts', 'Laetitia Bachelot-Fontaine', 'Joshua Drumm', 'Ph.D.', 'Valneva Investor', 'vaccine development', 'vaccine candidates', 'filing number', 'infectious diseases', 'Valneva SE', 'Saint-Herblain', 'France', 'March', 'VLA', 'URD', 'AMF', 'Form', 'Group', 'documents', 'website', 'investors/financial-reports', 'org', 'charge', 'request', 'manufacturing', 'commercialization', 'specialized', 'expertise', 'capabilities', 'clinic', 'VP', 'Attachment']",2023-03-31,2023-04-01,globenewswire.com
21950,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/QUADIENT-S-A-4674/news/Quadient-Quadient-announces-its-eligibility-for-PEA-PME-scheme-43388779/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230331,Quadient: Quadient announces its eligibility for PEA-PME scheme,(marketscreener.com) Quadient announces its eligibility for PEA-PME scheme Paris  31 March 2023 Quadient   a leader in helping businesses create meaningful customer connections through digital and physical channels  announces today its eligibility for the PEA…,Quadient announces its eligibility for PEA-PME schemeParis  31 March 2023Quadient (Euronext Paris : FR0000120560  QDT)  a leader in helping businesses create meaningful customer connections through digital and physical channels  announces today its eligibility for the PEA-PME scheme  as it complies with the criteria for inclusion set by Article L.221-32-2 of the French Monetary and Financial Code and as modified by the Pacte law n° 2019-486 on 22 May 2019.The criteria for European companies to be eligible to the scheme are: having less than 5 000 employees  and a total revenue below €1 500 million or total assets below €2 000 million. Based on Quadient’s consolidated financial statements of the last fiscal year ended 31 January 2023  the Group had 4 846 employees and revenues of €1 081 million.As a consequence  investment in Quadient shares can be made through PEA-PME accounts.CalendarQuadient will publish its Q1 2023 sales on 31 May 2023About Quadient®Quadient is the driving force behind the world’s most meaningful customer experiences. By focusing on three key solution areas  Intelligent Communication Automation  Parcel Locker Solutions and Mail-Related Solutions  Quadient helps simplify the connection between people and what matters. Quadient supports hundreds of thousands of customers worldwide in their quest to create relevant  personalized connections and achieve customer experience excellence. Quadient is listed in compartment B of Euronext Paris (QDT) and is part of the CAC® Mid & Small and EnterNext® Tech 40 indices.For more information about Quadient  visit https://invest.quadient.com/ContactsCatherine Hubert-Dorel  Quadient+33 (0)1 45 36 30 56c.hubert-dorel@quadient.comfinancial-communication@quadient.comCaroline Baude  Quadient+33 (0)1 45 36 31 82c.baude@quadient.com OPRG FinancialIsabelle Laurent / Fabrice Baron+33 (0)1 53 32 61 51 /+33 (0)1 53 32 61 27isabelle.laurent@oprgfinancial.frfabrice.baron@oprgfinancial.frAttachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['PEA-PME scheme', 'Quadient', 'eligibility', 'three key solution areas', 'meaningful customer connections', 'last fiscal year', 'meaningful customer experiences', 'relevant, personalized connections', 'customer experience excellence', 'EnterNext® Tech 40 indices', 'Parcel Locker Solutions', 'Intelligent Communication Automation', 'Mail-Related Solutions', 'physical channels', 'Article L.', 'French Monetary', 'Financial Code', 'Pacte law', 'European companies', 'total revenue', 'total assets', 'financial statements', 'PEA-PME accounts', 'Q1 2023 sales', 'driving force', 'compartment B', 'CAC® Mid', 'OPRG Financial', 'PEA-PME scheme', 'Euronext Paris', 'Catherine Hubert-Dorel', 'Caroline Baude', 'Isabelle Laurent', 'Fabrice Baron', 'Quadient shares', 'Quadient®', 'eligibility', '31 March', 'QDT', 'leader', 'businesses', 'digital', 'criteria', 'inclusion', '22 May', 'less', '5,000 employees', 'Group', '4,846 employees', 'revenues', 'consequence', 'investment', 'Calendar', '31 May', 'world', 'people', 'hundreds', 'thousands', 'customers', 'quest', 'information', 'Contacts', 'oprgfinancial', 'Attachment']",2023-03-31,2023-04-01,marketscreener.com
21951,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/VR-EDUCATION-HOLDINGS-PLC-54842488/news/Fatboy-Slim-Performs-Epic-VR-Concert-in-ENGAGE-Featuring-Some-of-His-Greatest-Hits-43392938/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230331,Fatboy Slim Performs Epic VR Concert in ENGAGE Featuring Some of His Greatest Hits,(marketscreener.com)  NEW YORK  March 31  2023 -- ENGAGE XR Holdings Plc   a virtual reality technology company and provider of virtual communications solutions in the metaverse  today hosted an epic Virtual Reality concert titled “Eat Sleep VR Repeat” in th…,NEW YORK  March 31  2023 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- ENGAGE XR Holdings Plc (AIM: EXR; Euronext Growth: EXR)  a virtual reality ('VR') technology company and provider of virtual communications solutions in the metaverse  today hosted an epic Virtual Reality (VR) concert titled “Eat Sleep VR Repeat” in the metaverse starring Norman Cook  AKA Fatboy Slim   including some of his greatest hits in his first completely virtual concert. Known as one of the most influential  creative and progressive DJs and musicians of his time  attendees were treated to a free immersive concert experience where they had the opportunity to get up close and personal with the icon.“While there have been music performances in the metaverse before  the Fatboy Slim concert took things to the next level with many different areas to explore  visuals and audio that enhanced attendees' senses making the virtual event an almost hypnotic experience ” said David Whelan  CEO and co-founder of ENGAGE XR. “Norman wanted to make sure that his fans were treated to the VR event of the year and he didn’t disappoint.”The JourneyThousands of fans from around the world entered the “Eat Sleep VR Repeat” concert knowing they were about to experience something unique  but they could have never imagined the journey they were about to embark on. The 45-minute concert showcased a true live concert  but without the boundaries of the physical world.As attendees entered ENGAGE  they were taken into a virtual world that transported them into the center of Fatboy Slim’s mind. They were enveloped in music  stunning visual effects and animations that tapped into all their senses. The music flowed and featured some of Fatboy Slim’s greatest hits including “Rockafeller Skank ” “Praise You ” “Weapon of Choice” featuring Christopher Walken and many more. To ensure fans from around the world could join the experience  the concert was offered during six different time slots.Official Launch of LINKThe concert marks the official launch of ENGAGE LINK   the professionally focused metaverse platform with linked  persistent plazas. The plazas offer access to the metaworlds of pioneering enterprise  educational and creative entities. ENGAGE LINK is divided into locations called Plazas  including Entertainment Plaza  Education Plaza  Creative Plaza and Central Plaza.“The Fatboy Slim concert demonstrates the versatility and capabilities of VR and how corporations to creatives can build their own worlds within ENGAGE to be used for entertainment  business engagements and so much more ” said Whelan.Those who were unable to attend the event can view video and photo highlights HERE . The full concert will also be available for download at a later date.To learn more about ENGAGE XR  please visit the company’s blog and website https://engageplc.com and follow us on social on LinkedIn   Twitter   YouTube and Facebook.About ENGAGE XRENGAGE XR Holdings plc (AIM: EXR; Euronext Growth: EXR) is a metaverse technology company focused on becoming a leading global provider of virtual communications solutions through its new fully featured corporate metaverse  ENGAGE Link. The Company also has a proprietary software platform  ENGAGE. ENGAGE provides users with a platform for creating  sharing  and delivering VR content for education  training  and online events through its three solutions: Virtual Campus  Virtual Office  and Virtual Events. EXR is listed on AIM in London and on the Euronext Growth Market in Dublin  a market operated by Euronext Dublin. For further information  please visit https://engageplc.com and follow us on social on LinkedIn   Twitter   YouTube and Facebook.Contact:,neutral,0.15,0.85,0.0,mixed,0.56,0.17,0.27,True,English,"['Epic VR Concert', 'Fatboy Slim', 'Greatest Hits', 'ENGAGE', 'Eat Sleep VR Repeat” concert', 'epic Virtual Reality (VR) concert', 'six different time slots', 'first completely virtual concert', 'free immersive concert experience', 'ENGAGE XR Holdings Plc', 'The Fatboy Slim concert', 'many different areas', 'true live concert', 'stunning visual effects', 'AKA Fatboy Slim', 'virtual communications solutions', 'linked, persistent plazas', 'leading global provider', 'proprietary software platform', 'Euronext Growth Market', 'metaverse technology company', '45-minute concert', 'full concert', 'ENGAGE XR.', 'Virtual Campus', 'Virtual Office', 'Virtual Events', 'The Company', 'three solutions', 'VR content', 'hypnotic experience', 'virtual world', 'The Journey', 'VR event', 'NEW YORK', 'GLOBE NEWSWIRE', 'greatest hits', 'influential, creative', 'progressive DJs', 'next level', 'Rockafeller Skank', 'Christopher Walken', 'Official Launch', 'ENGAGE LINK', 'creative entities', 'Creative Plaza', 'Central Plaza', 'business engagements', 'photo highlights', 'later date', 'online events', 'Euronext Dublin', 'metaverse platform', 'corporate metaverse', 'Norman Cook', 'David Whelan', 'physical world', 'Entertainment Plaza', 'Education Plaza', 'music performances', ""attendees' senses"", 'March', 'EXR', 'musicians', 'opportunity', 'icon', 'things', 'visuals', 'audio', 'CEO', 'founder', 'fans', 'year', 'Thousands', 'something', 'boundaries', 'center', 'mind', 'animations', 'Weapon', 'Choice', 'access', 'metaworlds', 'educational', 'locations', 'versatility', 'capabilities', 'corporations', 'creatives', 'video', 'download', 'blog', 'website', 'social', 'LinkedIn', 'Twitter', 'YouTube', 'Facebook', 'users', 'training', 'AIM', 'London', 'information', 'Contact']",2023-03-31,2023-04-01,marketscreener.com
21952,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/VR-EDUCATION-HOLDINGS-PLC-54842488/news/Fatboy-Slim-Performs-Epic-VR-Concert-in-ENGAGE-Featuring-Some-of-His-Greatest-Hits-43392934/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230331,Fatboy Slim Performs Epic VR Concert in ENGAGE Featuring Some of His Greatest Hits,(marketscreener.com) Attendees Treated to Fully Immersive VR Experience in the MetaverseNEW YORK  March 31  2023 -- ENGAGE XR Holdings Plc   a virtual reality technology company and provider of virtual communications solutions in the metaverse  today hosted a…,Attendees Treated to Fully Immersive VR Experience in the MetaverseNEW YORK  March 31  2023 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- ENGAGE XR Holdings Plc (AIM: EXR; Euronext Growth: EXR)  a virtual reality ('VR') technology company and provider of virtual communications solutions in the metaverse  today hosted an epic Virtual Reality (VR) concert titled “Eat Sleep VR Repeat” in the metaverse starring Norman Cook  AKA Fatboy Slim   including some of his greatest hits in his first completely virtual concert. Known as one of the most influential  creative and progressive DJs and musicians of his time  attendees were treated to a free immersive concert experience where they had the opportunity to get up close and personal with the icon.“While there have been music performances in the metaverse before  the Fatboy Slim concert took things to the next level with many different areas to explore  visuals and audio that enhanced attendees' senses making the virtual event an almost hypnotic experience ” said David Whelan  CEO and co-founder of ENGAGE XR. “Norman wanted to make sure that his fans were treated to the VR event of the year and he didn’t disappoint.”The JourneyThousands of fans from around the world entered the “Eat Sleep VR Repeat” concert knowing they were about to experience something unique  but they could have never imagined the journey they were about to embark on. The 45-minute concert showcased a true live concert  but without the boundaries of the physical world.As attendees entered ENGAGE  they were taken into a virtual world that transported them into the center of Fatboy Slim’s mind. They were enveloped in music  stunning visual effects and animations that tapped into all their senses. The music flowed and featured some of Fatboy Slim’s greatest hits including “Rockafeller Skank ” “Praise You ” “Weapon of Choice” featuring Christopher Walken and many more. To ensure fans from around the world could join the experience  the concert was offered during six different time slots.Official Launch of LINKThe concert marks the official launch of ENGAGE LINK   the professionally focused metaverse platform with linked  persistent plazas. The plazas offer access to the metaworlds of pioneering enterprise  educational and creative entities. ENGAGE LINK is divided into locations called Plazas  including Entertainment Plaza  Education Plaza  Creative Plaza and Central Plaza.“The Fatboy Slim concert demonstrates the versatility and capabilities of VR and how corporations to creatives can build their own worlds within ENGAGE to be used for entertainment  business engagements and so much more ” said Whelan.Those who were unable to attend the event can view video and photo highlights HERE . The full concert will also be available for download at a later date.To learn more about ENGAGE XR  please visit the company’s blog and website https://engageplc.com and follow us on social on LinkedIn   Twitter   YouTube and Facebook.About ENGAGE XRENGAGE XR Holdings plc (AIM: EXR; Euronext Growth: EXR) is a metaverse technology company focused on becoming a leading global provider of virtual communications solutions through its new fully featured corporate metaverse  ENGAGE Link. The Company also has a proprietary software platform  ENGAGE. ENGAGE provides users with a platform for creating  sharing  and delivering VR content for education  training  and online events through its three solutions: Virtual Campus  Virtual Office  and Virtual Events. EXR is listed on AIM in London and on the Euronext Growth Market in Dublin  a market operated by Euronext Dublin. For further information  please visit https://engageplc.com and follow us on social on LinkedIn   Twitter   YouTube and Facebook.Contact:,neutral,0.15,0.85,0.0,positive,0.85,0.07,0.08,True,English,"['Epic VR Concert', 'Fatboy Slim', 'Greatest Hits', 'ENGAGE', 'Eat Sleep VR Repeat” concert', 'epic Virtual Reality (VR) concert', 'six different time slots', 'free immersive concert experience', 'first completely virtual concert', 'Fully Immersive VR Experience', 'ENGAGE XR Holdings Plc', 'The Fatboy Slim concert', 'many different areas', 'true live concert', 'stunning visual effects', 'AKA Fatboy Slim', 'virtual communications solutions', 'linked, persistent plazas', 'leading global provider', 'proprietary software platform', 'Euronext Growth Market', 'metaverse technology company', '45-minute concert', 'full concert', 'ENGAGE XR.', 'hypnotic experience', 'Virtual Campus', 'Virtual Office', 'Virtual Events', 'The Company', 'three solutions', 'VR content', 'VR event', 'virtual world', 'The Journey', 'NEW YORK', 'GLOBE NEWSWIRE', 'greatest hits', 'influential, creative', 'progressive DJs', 'next level', 'Rockafeller Skank', 'Christopher Walken', 'Official Launch', 'ENGAGE LINK', 'pioneering enterprise', 'creative entities', 'Creative Plaza', 'Central Plaza', 'business engagements', 'photo highlights', 'later date', 'online events', 'Euronext Dublin', 'metaverse platform', 'corporate metaverse', 'Norman Cook', 'David Whelan', 'physical world', 'Entertainment Plaza', 'Education Plaza', 'music performances', ""attendees' senses"", 'March', 'EXR', 'musicians', 'opportunity', 'icon', 'things', 'visuals', 'audio', 'CEO', 'founder', 'fans', 'year', 'Thousands', 'something', 'boundaries', 'center', 'mind', 'animations', 'Weapon', 'Choice', 'access', 'metaworlds', 'educational', 'locations', 'versatility', 'capabilities', 'corporations', 'creatives', 'video', 'download', 'blog', 'website', 'social', 'LinkedIn', 'Twitter', 'YouTube', 'Facebook', 'users', 'training', 'AIM', 'London', 'information', 'Contact']",2023-03-31,2023-04-01,marketscreener.com
21953,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/03/31/2638358/0/en/Bekaert-Update-on-the-Share-Buyback-Program-and-the-Liquidity-Agreement.html,Bekaert - Update on the Share Buyback Program and the Liquidity Agreement,Update on the Share Buyback Program and the Liquidity Agreement  Period from 23 March 2023 to 29 March 2023  Share Buyback ProgramOn 1 March...,"English Dutch FrenchUpdate on the Share Buyback Program and the Liquidity AgreementPeriod from 23 March 2023 to 29 March 2023Share Buyback ProgramOn 1 March 202 3   Bekaert announced the continuation of its program to buy back own shares for an additional amount of up to € 120 million (the ""Program"") and the immediate start of a fifth tranche of the Program for an aggregate amount of up to € 30 million. All shares bought as part of the Program will be cancelled. The purpose of the Program is to reduce the issued share capital of the company.Bekaert announces today that during the period from 23 March 2023 to 29 March 2023  Kepler Cheuvreux on behalf of Bekaert has bought 106 365 shares.The table below provides an overview of the transactions under the fourth tranche of the Program during the period from 23 March 2023 to 29 March 2023:Repurchase of shares Date Market Number of Shares Average Price paid (€) Highest Pricepaid (€) Lowest Pricepaid (€) TotalAmount (€) 23 March 2023 Euronext Brussels 8 495 39.67 40.26 38.98 336 997 MTF CBOE 5 602 39.68 40.26 39.00 222 287 MTF Turquoise 675 39.72 40.58 39.00 26 811 MTF Aquis 1 773 39.69 40.26 39.08 70 370 24 March 2023 Euronext Brussels 12 159 38.92 39.52 38.54 473 228 MTF CBOE 7 746 38.95 39.54 38.58 301 707 MTF Turquoise 1 176 38.95 39.44 38.56 45 805 MTF Aquis 2 439 38.97 39.56 38.66 95 048 27 March 2023 Euronext Brussels 13 104 39.72 40.02 39.16 520 491 MTF CBOE 8 994 39.72 40.00 39.18 357 242 MTF Turquoise 1 305 39.76 40.00 39.34 51 887 MTF Aquis 3 137 39.75 40.08 39.24 124 696 28 March 2023 Euronext Brussels 12 723 40.08 40.34 39.68 509 938 MTF CBOE 9 225 40.08 40.34 39.70 369 738 MTF Turquoise 1 301 40.06 40.28 39.70 52 118 MTF Aquis 2 940 40.08 40.34 39.70 117 835 29 March 2023 Euronext Brussels 6 570 40.53 40.90 40.20 266 282 MTF CBOE 4 702 40.53 40.90 40.28 190 572 MTF Turquoise 720 40.56 40.88 40.30 29 203 MTF Aquis 1 579 40.57 40.88 40.18 64 060 Total 106 365 39.73 40.90 38.54 4 226 315Liquidity agreementIn relation to the renewed liquidity agreement with Kepler Cheuvreux announced on 2 September 2022   Bekaert announces today that Kepler Cheuvreux on behalf of Bekaert has bought 7 001 shares during the period from 23 March 2023 to 29 March 2023 on Euronext Brussels. During the same period  Kepler Cheuvreux on behalf of Bekaert has sold 7 119 shares on Euronext Brussels.The tables below provide an overview of the transactions under the liquidity agreement during the period from 23 March 2023 to 29 March 2023:Purchase of shares Date Number of Shares Average Price (€) Highest Price (€) Lowest Price (€) Total Amount (€) 23 March 2023 3 000 39.50 40.00 39.00 118 500 24 March 2023 4 000 39.18 39.60 38.70 156 720 27 March 2023 0 0.00 0.00 0.00 0 28 March 2023 0 0.00 0.00 0.00 0 29 March 2023 1 40.20 40.20 40.20 40 Total 7 001 275 260Sale of shares Date Number of Shares Average Price (€) Highest Price (€) Lowest Price (€) Total Amount (€) 23 March 2023 0 0.00 0.00 0.00 0 24 March 2023 0 0.00 0.00 0.00 0 27 March 2023 2 200 39.84 40.00 39.60 87 648 28 March 2023 1 200 40.07 40.20 40.00 48 084 29 March 2023 3 719 40.69 41.00 40.20 151 326 Total 7 119 287 058The balance held by Bekaert under the liquidity agreement at the end of the period is 42 982 shares.On 29 March 2023 after closing of the market  Bekaert holds 2 764 682 own shares  or 4.85% of the total number of the outstanding shares.This information is also made available on the investor relations pages of our website.Attachment",neutral,0.02,0.97,0.0,mixed,0.2,0.25,0.55,True,English,"['Share Buyback Program', 'Liquidity Agreement', 'Bekaert', 'Update', 'English Dutch French', 'investor relations pages', 'Share Buyback Program', 'Shares Average Price', 'Date Market Number', 'Liquidity Agreement Period', 'share capital', 'Date Number', 'Highest Price', 'Lowest Price', 'total number', 'immediate start', 'fifth tranche', 'Kepler Cheuvreux', 'fourth tranche', 'Euronext Brussels', 'MTF CBOE', 'MTF Turquoise', 'MTF Aquis', 'additional amount', 'aggregate amount', 'Total Amount', 'outstanding shares', 'same period', '106 365 shares', '7 001 shares', '7 119 shares', '42 982 shares', 'Update', '23 March', '29 March', '1 March', 'Bekaert', 'continuation', 'part', 'purpose', 'company', 'behalf', 'table', 'overview', 'transactions', 'Repurchase', '24 March', '27 March', '2 September', '28 March', 'Sale', 'balance', 'end', 'closing', 'information', 'website', 'Attachment', '764 682']",2023-03-31,2023-04-01,globenewswire.com
21954,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/BEKAERT-NV-5971/news/Bekaert-Update-on-the-Share-Buyback-Program-and-the-Liquidity-Agreement-43388349/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230331,Bekaert - Update on the Share Buyback Program and the Liquidity Agreement,(marketscreener.com)         Update on the Share Buyback Program and the Liquidity Agreement Period from 23 March 2023 to 29 March 2023 Share Buyback ProgramOn 1 March 2023  Bekaert announced the continuation of its program to buy back own shares for an addit…,"Update on the Share Buyback Program and the Liquidity AgreementPeriod from 23 March 2023 to 29 March 2023Share Buyback ProgramOn 1 March 202 3   Bekaert announced the continuation of its program to buy back own shares for an additional amount of up to € 120 million (the ""Program"") and the immediate start of a fifth tranche of the Program for an aggregate amount of up to € 30 million. All shares bought as part of the Program will be cancelled. The purpose of the Program is to reduce the issued share capital of the company.Bekaert announces today that during the period from 23 March 2023 to 29 March 2023  Kepler Cheuvreux on behalf of Bekaert has bought 106 365 shares.The table below provides an overview of the transactions under the fourth tranche of the Program during the period from 23 March 2023 to 29 March 2023:Repurchase of shares Date Market Number of Shares Average Price paid (€) Highest Pricepaid (€) Lowest Pricepaid (€) TotalAmount (€) 23 March 2023 Euronext Brussels 8 495 39.67 40.26 38.98 336 997 MTF CBOE 5 602 39.68 40.26 39.00 222 287 MTF Turquoise 675 39.72 40.58 39.00 26 811 MTF Aquis 1 773 39.69 40.26 39.08 70 370 24 March 2023 Euronext Brussels 12 159 38.92 39.52 38.54 473 228 MTF CBOE 7 746 38.95 39.54 38.58 301 707 MTF Turquoise 1 176 38.95 39.44 38.56 45 805 MTF Aquis 2 439 38.97 39.56 38.66 95 048 27 March 2023 Euronext Brussels 13 104 39.72 40.02 39.16 520 491 MTF CBOE 8 994 39.72 40.00 39.18 357 242 MTF Turquoise 1 305 39.76 40.00 39.34 51 887 MTF Aquis 3 137 39.75 40.08 39.24 124 696 28 March 2023 Euronext Brussels 12 723 40.08 40.34 39.68 509 938 MTF CBOE 9 225 40.08 40.34 39.70 369 738 MTF Turquoise 1 301 40.06 40.28 39.70 52 118 MTF Aquis 2 940 40.08 40.34 39.70 117 835 29 March 2023 Euronext Brussels 6 570 40.53 40.90 40.20 266 282 MTF CBOE 4 702 40.53 40.90 40.28 190 572 MTF Turquoise 720 40.56 40.88 40.30 29 203 MTF Aquis 1 579 40.57 40.88 40.18 64 060 Total 106 365 39.73 40.90 38.54 4 226 315Liquidity agreementIn relation to the renewed liquidity agreement with Kepler Cheuvreux announced on 2 September 2022   Bekaert announces today that Kepler Cheuvreux on behalf of Bekaert has bought 7 001 shares during the period from 23 March 2023 to 29 March 2023 on Euronext Brussels. During the same period  Kepler Cheuvreux on behalf of Bekaert has sold 7 119 shares on Euronext Brussels.The tables below provide an overview of the transactions under the liquidity agreement during the period from 23 March 2023 to 29 March 2023:Purchase of shares Date Number of Shares Average Price (€) Highest Price (€) Lowest Price (€) Total Amount (€) 23 March 2023 3 000 39.50 40.00 39.00 118 500 24 March 2023 4 000 39.18 39.60 38.70 156 720 27 March 2023 0 0.00 0.00 0.00 0 28 March 2023 0 0.00 0.00 0.00 0 29 March 2023 1 40.20 40.20 40.20 40 Total 7 001 275 260Sale of shares Date Number of Shares Average Price (€) Highest Price (€) Lowest Price (€) Total Amount (€) 23 March 2023 0 0.00 0.00 0.00 0 24 March 2023 0 0.00 0.00 0.00 0 27 March 2023 2 200 39.84 40.00 39.60 87 648 28 March 2023 1 200 40.07 40.20 40.00 48 084 29 March 2023 3 719 40.69 41.00 40.20 151 326 Total 7 119 287 058The balance held by Bekaert under the liquidity agreement at the end of the period is 42 982 shares.On 29 March 2023 after closing of the market  Bekaert holds 2 764 682 own shares  or 4.85% of the total number of the outstanding shares.This information is also made available on the investor relations pages of our website.Attachment",neutral,0.02,0.97,0.0,mixed,0.4,0.31,0.3,True,English,"['Share Buyback Program', 'Liquidity Agreement', 'Bekaert', 'Update', 'investor relations pages', 'Share Buyback Program', 'Shares Average Price', 'Date Market Number', 'Liquidity Agreement Period', 'share capital', 'Date Number', 'Highest Price', 'Lowest Price', 'total number', 'immediate start', 'fifth tranche', 'Kepler Cheuvreux', 'fourth tranche', 'Euronext Brussels', 'MTF CBOE', 'MTF Turquoise', 'MTF Aquis', 'additional amount', 'aggregate amount', 'Total Amount', 'outstanding shares', 'same period', '365 shares', '7 001 shares', '7 119 shares', '42 982 shares', 'Update', '23 March', '29 March', '1 March', 'Bekaert', 'continuation', 'part', 'purpose', 'company', 'behalf', 'table', 'overview', 'transactions', 'Repurchase', '24 March', '27 March', '2 September', '28 March', 'Sale', 'balance', 'end', 'closing', 'information', 'website', 'Attachment', '106', '764 682']",2023-03-31,2023-04-01,marketscreener.com
21955,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/EXPRIVIA-S-P-A-76278/news/Exprivia-S-p-A-Notice-of-deposit-of-the-2022-Annual-Financial-Report-43390497/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230331,Exprivia S p A : Notice of deposit of the 2022 Annual Financial Report,(marketscreener.com)   PRESS RELEASE   NOTICE OF DEPOSIT OF THE 2022 ANNUAL FINANCIAL   REPORT   31 March 2023. Exprivia - a company listed on the Euronext Milan market of Borsa Italiana [XPR.MI] - announces that the Annual Financial Report as at 3…,31 March 2023. Exprivia - a company listed on the Euronext Milan market of Borsa Italiana [XPR.MI] - announces that the Annual Financial Report as at 31 December 2022  approved by the Board of Directors on 15 March 2023  including the report of the Board of Statutory Auditors and the Independent Auditors  together with the Consolidated Non-Financial Statement  the Report on Corporate Governance and Ownership Structure  the Report on Remuneration Policy and Remuneration Paid and the Explanatory Report on the proposal to authorise the purchase and sale of treasury shares. These documents are also available on the Company's website at www.exprivia.it.PRESS RELEASEExpriviaExprivia is the head of an international Group specialized in Information and Communication Technology able to addressthe drivers of change in the business of its customers thanks to digital technologies.With a consolidated know-how and a long experience given by the constant presence on the market  the Group has a team of experts specialized in different technological and domain fields  from Capital Market  Credit & Risk Management to IT Governance  from BPO to CyberSecurity  from Big Data to the Cloud  from IoT to Mobile  from networking to business collaboration up to the SAP world. The Group supports its customers in the Banking & Finance  Telco & Media Energy & Utilities  Aerospace & Defense  Manufacturing & Distribution  Healthcare and Public Sector sectors. The offer includes solutions consisting of own and third-party products  engineering and consulting services.Today the Group has about 2 400 professionals distributed in 7 countries worldwide.Exprivia S.p.A. is listed on the Italian Stock Exchange on the Euronext Milan (XPR) market.The company is subject to the management and coordination of Abaco Innovazione S.p.A.www.exprivia.itContactExprivia SpA Press Office Investor Relations Mediterranean Sec Gianni Sebastiano T. +39 080/5289670 gianni.sebastiano@exprivia.it Teresa Marmo T. + 39 0803382070 - F. +39 0803382077 marmo@secrp.com -Cell. +39 335/6718211 Gianluigi Conese conese@secrp.com -Cell. +39 335/7846403 Sec and Partners T. +39 06/3222712 Martina Trecca trecca@secrp.com -Cell. +39 333/9611304 Andrea Lijoi lijoi@secrp.com - Cell. +39 329/26050002,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.01,True,English,"['2022 Annual Financial Report', 'Exprivia S', 'Notice', 'deposit', 'Exprivia SpA Press Office Investor Relations Mediterranean Sec', 'Abaco Innovazione S.p.A.', 'Exprivia S.p.A.', 'Consolidated Non-Financial Statement', 'Public Sector sectors', 'Italian Stock Exchange', 'Gianni Sebastiano T.', 'Teresa Marmo T.', 'Annual Financial Report', 'Euronext Milan market', 'PRESS RELEASE', 'Borsa Italiana', 'XPR.MI', 'Statutory Auditors', 'Independent Auditors', 'Corporate Governance', 'Ownership Structure', 'Remuneration Policy', 'Remuneration Paid', 'treasury shares', 'Communication Technology', 'digital technologies', 'long experience', 'constant presence', 'different technological', 'domain fields', 'Capital Market', 'IT Governance', 'Big Data', 'SAP world', 'third-party products', 'consulting services', 'XPR) market', 'Gianluigi Conese', 'Martina Trecca', 'Andrea Lijoi', 'Explanatory Report', 'international Group', 'Risk Management', 'business collaboration', 'The Group', '31 March', 'company', '31 December', 'Board', 'Directors', '15 March', 'proposal', 'purchase', 'sale', 'documents', 'website', 'head', 'Information', 'drivers', 'customers', 'know-how', 'team', 'experts', 'Credit', 'BPO', 'CyberSecurity', 'Cloud', 'IoT', 'Mobile', 'networking', 'Banking', 'Finance', 'Telco', 'Media', 'Energy', 'Utilities', 'Aerospace', 'Defense', 'Manufacturing', 'Distribution', 'Healthcare', 'offer', 'solutions', 'engineering', '2,400 professionals', '7 countries', 'coordination', 'Contact', 'F.', 'Cell', 'Partners', 'secrp']",2023-03-31,2023-04-01,marketscreener.com
21956,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/TAMBURI-INVESTMENT-PARTNE-165255/news/Tamburi-Investment-Partners-S-p-A-The-documents-for-the-Ordinary-Shareholders-meeting-are-availab-43396070/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230331,Tamburi Investment Partners S p A : The documents for the Ordinary Shareholders' meeting are available,(marketscreener.com)   PRESS RELEASE   Tamburi Investment Partners S.p.A.   independent and diversified industrial group listed on the Euronext STAR Milan segment of Borsa Italiana S.p.A.  announces that the dossier of the Annual Financial Report as at D…,"PRESS RELEASETamburi Investment Partners S.p.A. (""TIP"" - tip.mi)  independent and diversified industrial group listed on the Euronext STAR Milan segment of Borsa Italiana S.p.A.  announces that the dossier of the Annual Financial Report as at December 31 2022  the Board of Statutory Auditors' Report  the Independent Auditors' Report  Report on the Remuneration Policy and remuneration paid  the Report on Corporate Governance and Ownership Structure and the Opinion of the Board of Statutory Auditors on the Board's proposal of Purchase of Treasury Shares have been filed today.Those documents are available at the Company's registered office  with the mechanism for the central storage used by the Company (www.1info.it) and on the Company's website www.tipspa.itunder ""Corporate Governance/Shareholders meeting /Documents"".Milan  March 31  2023TIP - TAMBURI INVESTMENT PARTNERS S.P.A. IS AN INDEPENDENT AND DIVERSIFIED INDUSTRIAL GROUP WITH THAT INVESTED  AMONG DIRECT INVESTEMENTS AND/OR CLUB DEALS  MORE THAN 5 BILLION EURO (AT TODAY VALUES) IN COMPANIES DEFINED AS ""EXCELLENT"" FROM AN ENTREPRENEURIAL POINT OF VIEW. CURRENTLY TIP HAS INVESTMENTS IN LISTED AND UNLISTED COMPANIES INCLUDING: ALIMENTIAMOCI  ALKEMY  ALPITOUR  AMPLIFON  ASSET ITALIA  AZIMUT BENETTI  BENDING SPOONS  BETA UTENSILI  BUZZOOLE  CENTY  CHIORINO  DIGITAL MAGICS  DOVEVIVO  EATALY  ELICA  ENGINEERING  FAGERHULT  HUGO BOSS  INTERPUMP  ITACA  LANDI RENZO  LIMONTA  LIO FACTORY  MONCLER  MONRIF  MULAN  OCTO TELEMATICS  OVS  PRYSMIAN  ROCHE BOBOIS  SESA  SIMBIOSI  STARTIP  TALENT GARDEN  TELESIA AND VIANOVA.Contacts: Alessandra GrittiCEO - Investor RelatorTel. 02 8858801 mail: gritti@tamburi.itThis press release is also available on the company's web site www.tipspa.itand disclosed by 1Info SDIR and 1Info Storage system (www.1info.it).",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.06,0.93,0.0,True,English,"['Tamburi Investment Partners', ""Ordinary Shareholders' meeting"", 'documents', 'Tamburi Investment Partners S.p.A.', 'Borsa Italiana S.p.A.', 'Euronext STAR Milan segment', 'diversified industrial group', 'AMONG DIRECT INVESTEMENTS', 'AT TODAY VALUES', 'Alessandra Gritti CEO', 'Annual Financial Report', '1Info Storage system', ""Statutory Auditors' Report"", ""Independent Auditors' Report"", 'central storage', '1Info SDIR', 'PRESS RELEASE', 'Corporate Governance', 'Ownership Structure', 'Treasury Shares', 'registered office', 'Shareholders meeting', 'CLUB DEALS', '5 BILLION EURO', 'ENTREPRENEURIAL POINT', 'ASSET ITALIA', 'AZIMUT BENETTI', 'BENDING SPOONS', 'BETA UTENSILI', 'DIGITAL MAGICS', 'HUGO BOSS', 'LANDI RENZO', 'LIO FACTORY', 'OCTO TELEMATICS', 'ROCHE BOBOIS', 'Investor Relator', 'web site', 'Remuneration Policy', 'UNLISTED COMPANIES', 'tip.mi', 'dossier', 'December', 'Board', 'Opinion', 'proposal', 'Purchase', 'documents', 'Company', 'mechanism', 'website', 'March', 'EXCELLENT', 'INVESTMENTS', 'ALIMENTIAMOCI', 'ALKEMY', 'ALPITOUR', 'AMPLIFON', 'BUZZOOLE', 'CENTY', 'CHIORINO', 'DOVEVIVO', 'EATALY', 'ELICA', 'ENGINEERING', 'FAGERHULT', 'INTERPUMP', 'ITACA', 'LIMONTA', 'MONCLER', 'MONRIF', 'MULAN', 'OVS', 'PRYSMIAN', 'SESA', 'SIMBIOSI', 'STARTIP', 'GARDEN', 'TELESIA', 'VIANOVA', 'Contacts', 'Tel.']",2023-03-31,2023-04-01,marketscreener.com
21957,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.co.uk/news-releases/tetragon-financial-group-limited-february-2023-monthly-factsheet-301786060.html,Tetragon Financial Group Limited February 2023 Monthly Factsheet,LONDON  March 31  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- Tetragon has released its Monthly Factsheet for February 2023. - Net Asset Value: $2 794m - Fully Diluted NAV Per Share: $29.96 - Share Price (TFG NA): $9.80 - Monthly NAV per share total return: -0.7% - Monthly Return o…,LONDON  March 31  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- Tetragon has released its Monthly Factsheet for February 2023.- Net Asset Value: $2 794m- Fully Diluted NAV Per Share: $29.96- Share Price (TFG NA): $9.80- Monthly NAV per share total return: -0.7%- Monthly Return on Equity: -0.5%- Most recent quarterly dividend: $0.11- Dividend yield: 4.5%Please refer to important disclosures on page three of the Monthly Factsheet.Please click below to access the Monthly Factsheet.February 2023 FactsheetAbout Tetragon:Tetragon is a Guernsey closed-ended investment company. Its non-voting shares are listed on Euronext in Amsterdam  a regulated market of Euronext Amsterdam N.V.  and also traded on the Specialist Fund Segment of the Main Market of the London Stock Exchange. Our investment manager is Tetragon Financial Management LP. Find out more at www.tetragoninv.com.Tetragon Investor Relations:Yuko Thomasir@tetragoninv.comPress Inquiries:Prosek Partnerspro-tetragon@prosek.comU.K. +44 20 3890 9193U.S. +1 212 279 3115This release does not contain or constitute an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to purchase securities in the United States or any other jurisdiction. The securities of Tetragon have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933 and may not be offered or sold in the United States or to U.S. persons unless they are registered under applicable law or exempt from registration. Tetragon does not intend to register any portion of its securities in the United States or to conduct a public offer of securities in the United States. In addition  Tetragon has not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Investment Company Act of 1940  and investors will not be entitled to the benefits of such Act. Tetragon is registered in the public register of the Netherlands Authority for the Financial Markets under Section 1:107 of the Financial Markets Supervision Act as a collective investment scheme from a designated country.SOURCE Tetragon Financial Group Limited,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.0,0.97,0.03,True,English,"['Tetragon Financial Group Limited', 'February', 'Factsheet', 'SOURCE Tetragon Financial Group Limited', 'U.S. Investment Company Act', 'Guernsey closed-ended investment company', 'Financial Markets Supervision Act', 'Tetragon Financial Management LP', 'Euronext Amsterdam N.V.', 'U.S. Securities Act', 'U.S. persons', 'collective investment scheme', 'Net Asset Value', 'Specialist Fund Segment', 'recent quarterly dividend', 'London Stock Exchange', 'Tetragon Investor Relations', 'share total return', 'investment manager', 'U.K.', 'Dividend yield', 'Share Price', 'TFG NA', 'important disclosures', 'voting shares', 'regulated market', 'Main Market', 'Yuko Thomas', 'Press Inquiries', 'Prosek Partners', 'United States', 'other jurisdiction', 'applicable law', 'public register', 'Netherlands Authority', 'public offer', 'March', 'PRNewswire', 'Factsheet', 'February', 'NAV', 'Equity', 'page', 'release', 'solicitation', 'registration', 'portion', 'addition', 'investors', 'benefits', 'Section', 'country']",2023-03-31,2023-04-01,prnewswire.co.uk
21958,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/TECHNOPROBE-S-P-A-133432182/news/Technoprobe-S-p-A-Press-Release-submission-of-nomitation-March-31st-2023-43393990/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230331,Technoprobe S p A : Press Release submission of nomitation - March 31st  2023,(marketscreener.com) Italy www.technoprobe.com   PRESS RELEASE   Publication of nominations to increse number of members of the Board of Directors   Cernusco Lombardone   March 31  2023 - Technoprobe S.p.A.  a leading company in the design and produc…,"Technoprobe S.p.A.Via Cavalieri di Vittorio Veneto  223870  Cernusco Lombardone (LC) - Italy www.technoprobe.comPRESS RELEASEPublication of nominations to increse number of members of the Board of DirectorsCernusco Lombardone (LC)  March 31  2023 - Technoprobe S.p.A.  a leading company in the design and production of Probes Cards (""Company"" or ""Technoprobe"")  with reference to the Shareholders' Meeting convened on April 6  2023 to  inter alia  redefinition of the number of directors from 5 to 7 and for the appointment of two new directors  hereby announces that the Shareholder T-Plus S.p.A.  holder of 408.050.000 multiple vote shares  equal to 67.9% of the share capital has submitted the nomination of Mrs. SCAGLIA Antonella and Mr. DELLACHA' Paolo Enrico  to the position of new Directors.The Shareholder T-Plus S.p.A. also announced his intention to propose to the Company's Shareholders' Meeting:to establish that the effectiveness of the appointment of the two new directors is subject to the condition precedent of the beginning of trading of the Company's ordinary shares on Euronext Milan and until the full term of the current Board of Directors and  therefore  until the date of the Shareholders' Meeting called for the approval of the financial statements as at 31 December 2023; to agree with the proposal of the Board of Directors to recognize each of the two directors who may be appointed by the Ordinary Shareholders' Meeting  with suspensive effect at the beginning of trading of theCompany's ordinary shares on Euronext Milan  a fixed fee of Euro 25 000.00 gross per annum pro rata temporis   over reimbursement of the costs incurred by the Office without recognition of any amount by way of end-of-service treatment  and confirms the determination by the Board of Directors of additional remuneration for directors invested with particular office pursuant to article 2389 Italian Civil Code.Finally  it is represented that both candidates have declared to own the requirements of independence established by Legislative Decree. No. 58/1998.For further information on the former nominee's personal and professional characteristics  please refer to the documentation made available to the public at the Company's registered office and on the Company's website www.technoprobe.comin the Corporate Governance/Shareholders' meetings.***This press release and the presentation will be available on Technoprobe's website www.technoprobe.com  in the Investor Relations section.Contacts Technoprobe S.p.A. Technoprobe S.p.A. Investor Relator Communication & Marketing Manager Ines Di Terlizzi Paolo Cavallotti Email: ir@technoprobe.com Email: paolo.cavallotti@technoprobe.com Euronext Growth Advisor and Specialist Mediobanca - Banca di Credito Finanziario S.p.A. Piazzetta Enrico Cuccia No. 1 Milan Email: ega@mediobanca.com Tel: +39 02 88291Technoprobe S.p.A. - VAT No. and Tax Code 02272540135 - Share Capital € 6 010 000 - Economic and Administrative Index no. 283619 All rights reserved. The COPYRIGHT of this document is property of TECHNOPROBE S.p.A. No part of this document may be copied  reprinted or reproduced in any material form  whether wholly or in part  without a written consent. The contents or methods or techniques contained herein are CONFIDENTIAL  therefore must not be disclosed to any other person or company or entity.",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.02,0.95,0.03,True,English,"['Press Release submission', 'Technoprobe S', 'nomitation', 'March', 'Technoprobe S.p.A. Technoprobe S.p.A.', 'The Shareholder T-Plus S.p.A.', 'Credito Finanziario S.p.A.', 'Ines Di Terlizzi Paolo Cavallotti', ""Mr. DELLACHA' Paolo Enrico"", 'Piazzetta Enrico Cuccia No.', 'Mrs. SCAGLIA Antonella', 'pro rata temporis', ""Corporate Governance/Shareholders' meetings"", 'Investor Relations section', 'Investor Relator Communication', 'Italian Civil Code', '408.050.000 multiple vote shares', 'Euronext Growth Advisor', 'paolo.cavallotti', 'two new directors', ""Ordinary Shareholders' Meeting"", 'Banca di', 'ordinary shares', 'Tax Code', 'VAT No.', 'two directors', 'Via Cavalieri', 'Vittorio Veneto', 'Cernusco Lombardone', 'PRESS RELEASE', 'Probes Cards', 'share capital', 'condition precedent', 'Euronext Milan', 'full term', 'financial statements', 'suspensive effect', 'service treatment', 'additional remuneration', 'Legislative Decree', 'former nominee', 'professional characteristics', 'Marketing Manager', 'Administrative Index', 'material form', 'written consent', 'other person', 'particular office', 'registered office', 'current Board', 'leading company', 'Italy', 'Publication', 'nominations', 'number', 'members', 'LC', 'March', 'design', 'production', 'reference', 'April', 'redefinition', 'appointment', 'position', 'intention', 'effectiveness', 'beginning', 'trading', 'date', 'approval', '31 December', 'proposal', 'fee', 'reimbursement', 'costs', 'recognition', 'amount', 'way', 'end', 'determination', 'article', 'requirements', 'information', 'personal', 'documentation', 'website', 'presentation', 'Contacts', 'Email', 'Specialist', 'Mediobanca', 'Economic', 'rights', 'COPYRIGHT', 'property', 'contents', 'methods', 'techniques', 'entity']",2023-03-31,2023-04-01,marketscreener.com
21959,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/ACCOR-4602/news/Accor-Availability-of-the-2022-Universal-Registration-Document-including-the-Annual-Financial-Repo-43395250/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230331,Accor : Availability of the 2022 Universal Registration Document including the Annual Financial Report,(marketscreener.com)   Press Release   MARCH 31  2023   Availability of the 2022 Universal Registration Document including the Annual Financial Report   Accor filed its 2022 Universal Registration Document  in ESEF format  with the French Financial…,Press ReleaseMARCH 31  2023Availability of the 2022 Universal Registration Document including the Annual Financial ReportAccor (Euronext Paris: AC) filed its 2022 Universal Registration Document  in ESEF (European Single Electronic Format) format  with the French Financial Markets Authority (Autorité des marchés financiers - AMF) on March 30  2023.The 2022 Universal Registration Document includes in particular:the 2022 Annual Financial Report;the report of the Board of Directors on corporate governance;the Statutory Auditors' reports and information related to their fees; andthe description of the share buyback program.It is available to the public in accordance with French law and can be viewed and downloaded on Accor's website https://group.accor.com/en  under the Finance section  or on the AMF's website (www.amf-france.org).1,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,True,English,"['2022 Universal Registration Document', 'Annual Financial Report', 'Accor', 'Availability', 'European Single Electronic Format) format', 'Autorité des marchés financiers', 'French Financial Markets Authority', 'The 2022 Universal Registration Document', ""Statutory Auditors' reports"", 'share buyback program', 'Annual Financial Report', 'French law', 'Press Release', 'Euronext Paris', 'corporate governance', 'Finance section', 'Availability', 'Accor', 'ESEF', 'AMF', 'Board', 'Directors', 'information', 'fees', 'description', 'public', 'website', 'france', 'org']",2023-03-31,2023-04-01,marketscreener.com
21960,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/KTESIOS-REAL-ESTATE-SOCIM-123269049/news/Ktesios-Real-Estate-SOCIMI-S-A-30-03-2023-ndash-Ktesios-SOCIMI-ndash-Ordinary-General-Meeting-43393412/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230331,Ktesios Real Estate SOCIMI S A : 30.03.2023 – Ktesios SOCIMI – Ordinary General Meeting,(marketscreener.com)   KTESIOS SOCIMI   Madrid  March 30  2023   Pursuant to the Article 17 of Regulation No. 596/2014 of the European Parliament and the Council of 16th April 2014 on market abuse   Directive 2003/6/EC of the European Parliament and o…,"KTESIOS SOCIMIMadrid  March 30  2023Pursuant to the Article 17 of Regulation (EU) No. 596/2014 of the European Parliament and the Council of 16th April 2014 on market abuse (Market Abuse Regulation)  Directive 2003/6/EC of the European Parliament and of the Council and Commission Directives 2003/124/EC  2003/125/EC and 2004/72/EC and Article 61004/2 of Euronext Rule Book I  on ongoing obligations of companies listed on Euronext  KTESIOS REAL ESTATE SOCIMI  S.A. (the ""Company"" or ""Ktesios"")  hereby announces the following:RELEVANT INFORMATIONThe Ordinary General Meeting of Ktesios´ Shareholders  held as UNIVERSAL  having been present and/or duly represented all of the Company's shareholders. It took place on March 30  2023 and approved  among others  the agreements that are set out below given their relevance to the Company:Approval of the Annual Accounts of the Company for the year ended December 31  2022 in accordance with the Spanish General Accounting Plan. The Annual Accounts were formulated by the Board of Directors on March 29  2023 .for the year ended December 31  2022 in accordance with the Spanish General Accounting Plan. The Annual Accounts were formulated by the Board of Directors . Approval of the application of the result for the year ended December 31  2022.for the year ended December 31  2022. Approval of the corporate management carried out by the Board of Directors.It is hereby stated for the record that all the approved accounting documentation is made immediately available to the public on the Company's website (https://ktesios- socimi.es/inversores/?lang=en) and is attached hereto for the purposes of its publication on the market web platform.It is hereby stated for the record that all the approved accounting documentation is made immediately available to the public on the Company's website (https://ktesios- socimi.es/inversores/?lang=en) and is attached hereto for the purposes of its publication on the market web platform. Shareholders entrust the Board of Directors to work and focus its efforts on increasing the share capital of the Company.- To reappoint GRANT THORNTON  S.L.P. as the Company's auditor for a period of THREE (3) YEARS as from the fiscal year beginning on January 1  2023  that is to say  for fiscal years 2023  2024 and 2025.Please note that the information provided herein has been prepared under the sole responsibility of the Company and its Board of Directors.We remain at your disposal for any clarification you may require.__________________________________________________________KTESIOS REAL ESTATE SOCIMI  S.A. D. Henry Noel Gallego Grajales Chairman of the BoD and CEOKtesios Real Estate SOCIMI S.A. CIF: A88346614 - C/ Sagasta 15  7º Izda.- 28004 - MadridRegistrada en el Registro Mercantil de Madrid al Tomo 38.976  Folio 30  Sección 1  Hoja M-692614Email: info@ktesios-socimi.es | Tel: +34 910 638 011 | www.ktesios-socimi.es",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,True,English,"['Ktesios Real Estate SOCIMI S A', 'Ordinary General Meeting', 'Ktesios SOCIMI', '30.', 'S.A. D. Henry Noel Gallego Grajales Chairman', 'Ktesios Real Estate SOCIMI S.A.', 'The Ordinary General Meeting', 'Spanish General Accounting Plan', 'S.L.P.', 'market web platform', 'The Annual Accounts', 'Euronext Rule Book', 'Market Abuse Regulation', 'KTESIOS SOCIMI', 'accounting documentation', 'Ktesios´ Shareholders', 'European Parliament', '16th April', 'Commission Directives', 'ongoing obligations', 'corporate management', 'share capital', 'GRANT THORNTON', 'THREE (3) YEARS', 'fiscal years', 'sole responsibility', 'C/ Sagasta', 'Registro Mercantil', 'Sección', 'RELEVANT INFORMATION', 'Madrid', 'March', 'Article', 'No.', 'Council', 'companies', 'Company', 'UNIVERSAL', 'place', 'others', 'agreements', 'relevance', 'Approval', 'accordance', 'Board', 'Directors', 'application', 'result', 'record', 'public', 'website', 'inversores', 'purposes', 'efforts', 'auditor', 'period', 'January', 'disposal', 'clarification', 'BoD', 'CEO', 'CIF', '7º Izda.', 'Tomo', 'Folio', 'Hoja', 'Email', 'ktesios-socimi', 'Tel', '34']",2023-03-31,2023-04-01,marketscreener.com
21961,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/ASM-INTERNATIONAL-N-V-6312/news/ASM-INTERNATIONAL-N-V-ANNOUNCES-THE-AVAILABILITY-OF-THE-2023-AGM-MATERIALS-43394569/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230331,ASM INTERNATIONAL N.V. ANNOUNCES THE AVAILABILITY OF THE 2023 AGM MATERIALS,(marketscreener.com)  Almere  the NetherlandsMarch 31  2023 ASM International N.V. today announces that the information regarding the Annual General Meeting scheduled for May 15  2023   is now available on the Company's website. This information includes the…,Almere  the NetherlandsMarch 31  2023ASM International N.V. (Euronext Amsterdam: ASM) today announces that the information regarding the Annual General Meeting scheduled for May 15  2023 (AGM)  is now available on the Company's website. This information includes the convocation  the agenda and annexes thereto. The U.S. market proxy materials for holders of New York Registry Shares are also posted on our website.The AGM will commence at 2:00 p.m. CET.The AGM can be attended in person by shareholders. Our shareholders are also offered the possibility to exercise their voting rights by proxy and to follow (view and hear only) the meeting through our live webcast.The agenda for the AGM includes  amongst others  a change of the remuneration policy for the Management Board  approval of the proposal to declare a regular dividend of €2.50 per common share  approval of reappointment of KPMG Accountants N.V. for the financial year 2023 and the financial year 2024 and approval of the annual accounts of 2022.In accordance with applicable legal requirements in the Netherlands the record date for the AGM is April 17  2023. The total number of issued shares in ASM International N.V. as per today amounts to 49 348 548 common shares. Considering the number of shares held in treasury as per today  amounting to 10 476 shares  the number of voting shares amounts to 49 338 072.About ASM InternationalASM International N.V.  headquartered in Almere  the Netherlands  and its subsidiaries design and manufacture equipment and process solutions to produce semiconductor devices for wafer processing  and have facilities in the United States  Europe  and Asia. ASM International's common stock trades on the Euronext Amsterdam Stock Exchange (symbol ASM). For more information  visit ASM's website at www.asm.com .Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements: All matters discussed in this press release  except for any historical data  are forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements. These include  but are not limited to  economic conditions and trends in the semiconductor industry generally and the timing of the industry cycles specifically  currency fluctuations  corporate transactions  financing and liquidity matters  the success of restructurings  the timing of significant orders  market acceptance of new products  competitive factors  litigation involving intellectual property  shareholders or other issues  commercial and economic disruption due to natural disasters  terrorist activity  armed conflict or political instability  changes in import/export regulations  epidemics and other risks indicated in the Company's reports and financial statements. The Company assumes no obligation nor intends to update or revise any forward-looking statements to reflect future developments or circumstances.CONTACTInvestor and Media contact:Victor BareñoT: +31 88 100 8500E: investor.relations@asm.comAttachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.01,0.19,0.8,True,English,"['ASM INTERNATIONAL N.V. ANNOUNCES', '2023 AGM MATERIALS', 'AVAILABILITY', 'THE', 'The U.S. market proxy materials', 'KPMG Accountants N.V.', 'Victor Bareño T', 'Euronext Amsterdam Stock Exchange', 'ASM International N.V.', 'New York Registry Shares', 'applicable legal requirements', 'common stock trades', 'Annual General Meeting', 'market acceptance', 'new products', 'annual accounts', 'The AGM', 'common share', 'The Company', 'voting rights', 'live webcast', 'remuneration policy', 'Management Board', 'regular dividend', 'financial year', 'record date', 'process solutions', 'semiconductor devices', 'wafer processing', 'United States', 'Cautionary Note', 'Forward-Looking Statements', 'press release', 'historical data', 'actual results', 'economic conditions', 'semiconductor industry', 'industry cycles', 'currency fluctuations', 'corporate transactions', 'significant orders', 'competitive factors', 'intellectual property', 'other issues', 'economic disruption', 'natural disasters', 'terrorist activity', 'armed conflict', 'political instability', 'import/export regulations', 'financial statements', 'future developments', 'voting shares', 'liquidity matters', 'other risks', 'Media contact', 'total number', '10,476 shares', 'Almere', 'Netherlands', 'March', 'information', 'May', 'website', 'convocation', 'agenda', 'annexes', 'holders', 'CET', 'person', 'possibility', 'others', 'approval', 'proposal', 'reappointment', 'accordance', 'today', 'treasury', 'subsidiaries', 'manufacture', 'equipment', 'facilities', 'Europe', 'Asia', 'symbol', 'uncertainties', 'trends', 'timing', 'financing', 'success', 'restructurings', 'litigation', 'commercial', 'changes', 'epidemics', 'reports', 'obligation', 'circumstances', 'Investor', 'Attachment', '2:00']",2023-03-31,2023-04-01,marketscreener.com
21962,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/TIE-KINETIX-N-V-12944543/news/TIE-Kinetix-N-a-leader-in-100-supply-chain-digitalization-announces-that-the-company-entered-in-43395021/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230331,TIE Kinetix N :   a leader in 100% supply chain digitalization announces that the company entered into a related party transaction,(marketscreener.com)   At TIE Kinetix  we help companies of all sizes achieve their digitalization goals. From 1% to 100% or anywhere in between  our cloud-native FLOW Partner Automation platform is designed to completely eliminate paper from the supply cha…,At TIE Kinetix  we help companies of all sizes achieve their digitalization goals. From 1% to 100% or anywhere in between  our cloud-native FLOW Partner Automation platform is designed to completely eliminate paper from the supply chain  enabling our customers to focus on three corporate initiatives that drive true organizational change: business process efficiency  compliance  and corporate social responsibility (CSR).We believe that digitalization (not digitization) is the future. We believe in conscious development  and we believe in moving ourselves and our customers forward. More than 2 500 companies have chosen TIE Kinetix to support their EDI  e-invoicing  and general digitalization projects  and we proudly facilitate the exchange of over 81 million documents through FLOW each year-the equivalent of 10 000 trees saved.Founded in 1987  TIE Kinetix is a public company (Euronext: TIE) with offices in the Netherlands (HQ)  France  Germany  Australia  and the United States. For more information  please visit www.TIEKinetix.com  and follow us on Linkedin  Twitter  Facebook  and YouTube.Contact us for more information:TIE Kinetix N.V.Jan Sundelin (CEO) or Michiel Wolfswinkel (CFO)De Corridor 5d3621 ZA BreukelenT: +31 (0) 88 3698060E: Michiel.Wolfswinkel@TIEKinetix.comW: www.TIEKinetix.com,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,True,English,"['TIE Kinetix N', '100% supply chain digitalization', 'related party transaction', 'leader', 'company', 'cloud-native FLOW Partner Automation platform', 'TIE Kinetix N.V.', 'true organizational change', 'business process efficiency', 'ZA Breukelen T', 'three corporate initiatives', 'general digitalization projects', 'digitalization goals', 'supply chain', 'social responsibility', '81 million documents', 'public company', 'United States', 'Jan Sundelin', 'De Corridor', 'Michiel Wolfswinkel', 'companies', 'sizes', 'paper', 'customers', 'compliance', 'CSR', 'digitization', 'future', 'development', 'More', 'exchange', 'equivalent', '10,000 trees', 'Euronext', 'offices', 'Netherlands', 'HQ', 'France', 'Germany', 'Australia', 'information', 'TIEKinetix', 'Linkedin', 'Twitter', 'Facebook', 'YouTube', 'CEO', 'CFO']",2023-03-31,2023-04-01,marketscreener.com
21963,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/EDENRED-SE-6365724/news/Edenred-Availability-of-the-2022-Universal-Registration-Document-43392594/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230331,Edenred: Availability of the 2022 Universal Registration Document,(marketscreener.com)   Regulated information   Issy-les-Moulineaux  March 31  2023   Availability of the 2022 Universal Registration Document   Edenred has published its 2022 Universal Registration Document  filing the original version in French wi…,"Paper copies will be also available to the public on request:the Board of Directors' report on corporate governance and the Statutory Auditors' reports (section 6 and sections 3.1/3.3 of the 2022 Universal Registration Document); andthe 2022 annual financial report  consisting of the consolidated financial statements  the parent company financial statements  the management report and the related reports and statements (aThe original version of the Universal Registration Document was submitted in European Single Electronic Format (ESEF)  as established by Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/815. It is available on the AMF's website. French and English versions can also be found on Edenred's corporate website via the following links:Edenred has published its 2022 Universal Registration Document  filing the original version in French with France's Financial Markets Authority (Autorité des marchés financiers - AMF) on March 30  2023  under number D.23-0201.▬▬About EdenredEdenred is a leading digital platform for services and payments and the everyday companion for people at work  connecting 52 million users and 2 million partner merchants in 45 countries via 950 000 corporate clients.Edenred offers specific-purpose payment solutions for food (such as meal benefits)  incentives (such as gift cards  employee engagement platforms)  mobility (such as multi-energy  maintenance  toll  parking and commuter solutions) and corporate payments (such as virtual cards).True to the Group's purpose  ""Enrich connections. For good.""  these solutions enhance users' well-being and purchasing power. They improve companies' attractiveness and efficiency and vitalize the employment market and the local economy. They also foster access to healthier food  more environmentally friendly products and softer mobility.Edenred's 10 000 employees are committed to making the world of work a connected ecosystem that is safer  more efficient and more responsible every day.In 2022  thanks to its global technology assets  the Group managed some €38 billion in business volume  primarily carried out via mobile applications  online platforms  and cards.Edenred is listed on the Euronext Paris stock exchange and included in the following indices: CAC 40 ESG  CAC Next 20  CAC Large 60  Euronext 100  FTSE4Good and MSCI Europe.The logos and other trademarks mentioned and featured in this press release are registered trademarks of Edenred S.E.  its subsidiaries or third parties. They may not be used for commercial purposes without prior written consent from their owners.▬▬CONTACTS",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.84,0.15,0.0,True,English,"['2022 Universal Registration Document', 'Availability', 'Autorité des marchés financiers', 'European Single Electronic Format', 'Euronext Paris stock exchange', 'parent company financial statements', 'Financial Markets Authority', '2022 Universal Registration Document', 'leading digital platform', 'environmentally friendly products', 'global technology assets', 'prior written consent', 'consolidated financial statements', '2022 annual financial report', ""Statutory Auditors' reports"", '2 million partner merchants', 'employee engagement platforms', 'Edenred S.E.', 'specific-purpose payment solutions', 'related reports', '52 million users', 'online platforms', ""Directors' report"", 'management report', 'Paper copies', 'corporate governance', 'original version', 'Delegated Regulation', 'English versions', 'following links', 'everyday companion', '950,000 corporate clients', 'meal benefits', 'commuter solutions', ""users' well-being"", 'purchasing power', 'employment market', 'local economy', 'connected ecosystem', 'business volume', 'mobile applications', 'following indices', 'MSCI Europe', 'other trademarks', 'press release', 'registered trademarks', 'third parties', 'commercial purposes', 'gift cards', 'virtual cards', 'CAC 40 ESG', 'CAC Next', 'corporate website', 'corporate payments', 'softer mobility', 'public', 'request', 'Board', 'section', 'ESEF', 'AMF', 'French', 'France', 'number', 'services', 'people', 'work', '45 countries', 'food', 'incentives', 'multi-energy', 'maintenance', 'toll', 'parking', 'Group', 'connections', 'attractiveness', 'efficiency', 'access', '10,000 employees', 'world', 'FTSE4Good', 'logos', 'subsidiaries', 'owners', 'CONTACTS']",2023-03-31,2023-04-01,marketscreener.com
21964,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/EDENRED-SE-6365724/news/Edenred-Availability-of-the-2022-Universal-Registration-Document-43389935/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230331,Edenred : Availability of the 2022 Universal Registration Document,(marketscreener.com)   Regulated information   Issy-les-Moulineaux  March 31  2023   Availability of the 2022 Universal Registration Document   Edenred has published its 2022 Universal Registration Document  filing the original version in French wi…,"Regulated informationIssy-les-Moulineaux  March 31  2023Availability of the 2022 Universal Registration DocumentEdenred has published its 2022 Universal Registration Document  filing the original version in French with France's Financial Markets Authority (Autorité des marchés financiers - AMF) on March 30  2023  under number D.23-0201.The original version of the Universal Registration Document was submitted in European Single Electronic Format (ESEF)  as established by Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/815. It is available on the AMF's website. French and English versions can also be found on Edenred's corporate website via the following links:The 2022 Universal Registration Document includes: the 2022 annual financial report  consisting of the consolidated financial statements  the parent company financial statements  the management report and the related reports and statements (a cross-reference table for this information can be found in section 9.7 of the 2022 Universal Registration Document); the Board of Directors' report on corporate governance and the Statutory Auditors' reports (section 6 and sections 3.1/3.3 of the 2022 Universal Registration Document); and the non-financial performance statement  along with the Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) and Sustainability Accounting Standards Board (SASB) cross-reference table (section 9.11 of the 2022 Universal Registration Document).Paper copies will be also available to the public on request: by post: Edenred (Direction de la Communication financière  Immeuble Be Issy  14 - 16 boulevard Garibaldi  92130 Issy-les-Moulineaux - France); at the company's head office (prior notice required): Edenred (Direction de la Communication financière  Immeuble Be Issy  14 - 16 boulevard Garibaldi  92130 Issy-les-Moulineaux - France); by email:relations.actionnaires@edenred.com▬▬About EdenredEdenred is a leading digital platform for services and payments and the everyday companion for people at work  connecting 52 million users and 2 million partner merchants in 45 countries via 950 000 corporate clients.Edenred offers specific-purpose payment solutions for food (such as meal benefits)  incentives (such as gift cards  employee engagement platforms)  mobility (such as multi-energy  maintenance  toll  parking and commuter solutions) and corporate payments (such as virtual cards).True to the Group's purpose  ""Enrich connections. For good.""  these solutions enhance users' well-being and purchasing power. They improve companies' attractiveness and efficiency and vitalize the employment market and the local economy. They also foster access to healthier food  more environmentally friendly products and softer mobility.Edenred's 10 000 employees are committed to making the world of work a connected ecosystem that is safer  more efficient and more responsible every day.In 2022  thanks to its global technology assets  the Group managed some €38 billion in business volume  primarily carried out via mobile applications  online platforms  and cards.Edenred is listed on the Euronext Paris stock exchange and included in the following indices: CAC 40 ESG  CAC Next 20  CAC Large 60  Euronext 100  FTSE4Good and MSCI Europe.The logos and other trademarks mentioned and featured in this press release are registered trademarks of Edenred S.E.  its subsidiaries or third parties. They may not be used for commercial purposes without prior written consent from their owners.▬▬CONTACTS",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.84,0.15,0.0,True,English,"['2022 Universal Registration Document', 'Availability', 'Autorité des marchés financiers', 'European Single Electronic Format', 'la Communication financière', 'Sustainability Accounting Standards Board', 'Euronext Paris stock exchange', 'The 2022 Universal Registration Document', 'parent company financial statements', 'Financial Markets Authority', 'non-financial performance statement', 'Global Reporting Initiative', 'Immeuble Be Issy', 'leading digital platform', 'environmentally friendly products', 'global technology assets', 'consolidated financial statements', '2022 annual financial report', ""Statutory Auditors' reports"", '2 million partner merchants', 'employee engagement platforms', 'prior written consent', 'Edenred S.E.', 'specific-purpose payment solutions', 'related reports', 'prior notice', '52 million users', 'online platforms', 'management report', ""Directors' report"", 'original version', 'Delegated Regulation', 'English versions', 'following links', 'cross-reference table', 'corporate governance', 'Paper copies', '16 boulevard Garibaldi', 'head office', 'everyday companion', '950,000 corporate clients', 'meal benefits', 'commuter solutions', ""users' well-being"", 'purchasing power', 'employment market', 'local economy', 'connected ecosystem', 'business volume', 'mobile applications', 'following indices', 'MSCI Europe', 'other trademarks', 'press release', 'registered trademarks', 'third parties', 'commercial purposes', 'gift cards', 'virtual cards', 'CAC 40 ESG', 'CAC Next', 'Regulated information', 'corporate website', 'corporate payments', 'softer mobility', 'Issy-les-Moulineaux', 'Availability', 'French', 'France', 'AMF', 'number', 'ESEF', 'section', 'GRI', 'SASB', 'public', 'request', 'post', 'Direction', 'email', 'actionnaires', 'services', 'people', 'work', '45 countries', 'food', 'incentives', 'multi-energy', 'maintenance', 'toll', 'parking', 'Group', 'connections', 'attractiveness', 'efficiency', 'access', '10,000 employees', 'world', 'FTSE4Good', 'logos', 'subsidiaries', 'owners', 'CONTACTS', '14']",2023-03-31,2023-04-01,marketscreener.com
21965,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.irishtimes.com/business/2023/03/31/crh-returns-276m-to-shareholders/,CRH returns €276m to shareholders as company kicks off latest buyback phase,Some 5.9 million ordinary shares were repurchased on Euronext Dublin between December 19th and March 30th,CRH chief executive Albert Manifold: Since late 2011  the group has had a primary listing in London with a secondary one in DublinBuilding materials giant CRH is to continue its buyback programme after completing its latest phase which returned a further $300 million (€276 million) cash to shareholders.The latest buyback round will start on Friday and will end no later than June 29th  the company said in a statement on Friday morning. This $750 million tranche is the initial stage of the wider $3 billion programme.Some 5.9 million ordinary shares were repurchased on Euronext Dublin between December 19th and March 30th.That brings the total cash returned to shareholders under their ongoing share buyback programme to $4.3 billion since its commencement in May 2018.READ MORECRH  which was formed in 1970 through the merger of the already publicly quoted Irish Cement and Roadstone companies  also announced it has entered into arrangements with UBS to repurchase ordinary shares on CRH’s behalf for a maximum consideration of $750 million.The renewed buyback comes weeks after the company said it would shift its primary listing to New York. The US accounts for about three quarters of the firm’s revenue.Since late 2011  the group has had a primary listing in London with a secondary one in Dublin. A spokesman declined to comment on the future of these listings  pending the outcome of the company’s shareholder engagement in the coming weeks.More information will be given on April 26th when CRH is scheduled to issue a trading update.,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,negative,0.0,0.11,0.89,True,English,"['latest buyback phase', 'CRH', 'shareholders', 'company', 'CRH chief executive Albert Manifold', 'Building materials giant CRH', 'ongoing share buyback programme', 'wider $3 billion programme', 'latest buyback round', '5.9 million ordinary shares', 'latest phase', '$750 million tranche', 'primary listing', 'secondary one', 'initial stage', 'total cash', 'Irish Cement', 'Roadstone companies', 'maximum consideration', 'New York', 'The US', 'three quarters', 'shareholder engagement', 'coming weeks', 'More information', 'trading update', 'Friday morning', 'Euronext Dublin', 'group', 'London', 'shareholders', 'June', 'company', 'statement', 'December', 'March', 'commencement', 'May', 'READ', 'merger', 'arrangements', 'UBS', 'behalf', 'firm', 'revenue', 'spokesman', 'future', 'listings', 'outcome', 'April']",2023-03-31,2023-04-01,irishtimes.com
21966,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.irishtimes.com/business/2023/03/31/losses-at-healthbeacon-almost-doubled-last-year-results-show/,Losses at HealthBeacon almost doubled last year  results show,Group  which floated on Euronext Dublin last December  recorded a loss from operating activities of €13.2m,Jim Joyce  chief executive and co-founder of HealthBeacon: 'We have signed two big speciality pharmacy clients including Accredo ' he said. Photograph: Nick BradshawLosses at Dublin-based medical technology company HealthBeacon almost doubled last year  the group’s full-year results show.The company  which was founded in 2013 and is led by chief executive and co-founder Jim Joyce  published results for the year ended December 31st  2022 on Friday.The group  which floated on Euronext Dublin last December  recorded a loss from operating activities of €13.2 million  which was up from a loss of €7.3 million the year before.The results show it achieved revenue growth of 2 per cent to €2.25 million from €2.21 million. That comprised €1.29 million from patient support programmes and €960 000 from direct-to-consumer. Its Patient Safety Hub was launched in 2022  delivering revenues of €350 000.READ MOREThe company’s average headcount increased to 67 employees from 47 the year before. Most of the increased headcount was in the US with the build-out and scaling of the company’s operations in Orlando across two locations.The company had a net cash position of €12.16 million at the end of the year  which was down from €26.6 million 12 months earlier.The reduction in cash was attributed to opex as part of establishing the Orlando base  investment in new product development  and the commencement of delivery of a 35 000 order of its Smart Sharps Bin in October.The results show the company continued the expansion of its client base to 30 from 23 in 2022 and 18 in 2021.In terms of outlook  the group said supply chain cost increases experienced in 2022 have subsided  with gross margin expected to improve through 2023.[ HealthBeacon expects to hit annual revenues of €25m next year ]With the IPO proceeds and its commercial relationships  the company said it has sufficient funding in place.“The evolution of speciality pharmacy as the influential route to market for injectable medicines has presented a clearly realisable opportunity for HealthBeacon in the US ” said Mr Joyce.“We have signed two big speciality pharmacy clients including Accredo  with a further three currently at contracting stage.“We will be launching the ICMS [Injection Care Management System] with our initial client in the second quarter and will follow with subsequent client roll-outs through to the first quarter of 2024 ” he said.“We have confronted several challenges in building out our delivery infrastructure in the US. However  I’m pleased to report that we will soon be in a position to deploy our highly effective medical adherence tool at scale to exploit the speciality pharmacy opportunity we have worked so hard to engineer.”,negative,0.0,0.03,0.97,mixed,0.27,0.07,0.66,True,English,"['Losses', 'HealthBeacon', 'results', 'ICMS [Injection Care Management System', 'two big speciality pharmacy clients', 'supply chain cost increases', 'effective medical adherence tool', 'Dublin-based medical technology company', 'speciality pharmacy opportunity', 'patient support programmes', 'Patient Safety Hub', 'new product development', 'Smart Sharps Bin', 'subsequent client roll-outs', 'full-year results show', 'net cash position', 'two locations', 'realisable opportunity', 'client base', 'initial client', 'Jim Joyce', 'chief executive', 'Nick Bradshaw', 'Euronext Dublin', 'operating activities', 'revenue growth', '2 per cent', 'gross margin', 'IPO proceeds', 'commercial relationships', 'sufficient funding', 'influential route', 'injectable medicines', 'Mr Joyce', 'contracting stage', 'second quarter', 'first quarter', 'several challenges', 'average headcount', 'Orlando base', 'annual revenues', 'delivery infrastructure', 'founder', 'HealthBeacon', 'Accredo', 'Photograph', 'Losses', 'group', 'Friday', 'consumer', 'READ', '67 employees', 'US', 'build', 'scaling', 'operations', 'end', 'reduction', 'opex', 'part', 'investment', 'commencement', '35,000 order', 'October', 'expansion', 'terms', 'place', 'evolution', 'market', 'scale']",2023-03-31,2023-04-01,irishtimes.com
21967,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/03/31/2639042/0/en/Information-on-the-Total-Number-of-Voting-Rights-and-Shares.html,Information on the Total Number of Voting Rights and Shares,REGULATED INFORMATION       Information on the Total Number of Voting Rights and Shares    Mont-Saint-Guibert (Belgium)  March 31  2023  10:30 pm CET...,English FrenchREGULATED INFORMATIONInformation on the Total Number of Voting Rights and SharesMont-Saint-Guibert (Belgium)  March 31  2023  10:30 pm CET / 4:30 pm ET – In accordance with article 15 of the Law of 2 May 2007 on the disclosure of large shareholdings  Nyxoah SA (Euronext Brussels and Nasdaq: NYXH) publishes the below information following the issue of new shares.Share capital: EUR 4 859 382.45Total number of securities carrying voting rights: 28 286 985 (all ordinary shares)Total number of voting rights (= denominator): 28 286 985 (all relating to ordinary shares)Number of rights to subscribe to securities carrying voting rights not yet issued:55 “2016 ESOP Warrants” issued on November 3  2016  entitling their holders to subscribe to a total number of 27 500 securities carrying voting rights (all ordinary shares); 100 “2018 ESOP Warrants” issued on December 12  2018  entitling their holders to subscribe to a total number of 50 000 securities carrying voting rights (all ordinary shares); 430 500 “2020 ESOP Warrants” issued on February 21  2020  entitling their holders to subscribe to a total number of 430 500 securities carrying voting rights (all ordinary shares); and 1 326 375 “2021 ESOP Warrants” issued on September 8  2021  entitling their holders to subscribe to a total number of 1 326 375 securities carrying voting rights (all ordinary shares); and 700 000 “2022 ESOP Warrants” issued on December 28  2022  entitling their holders to subscribe to a total number of 700 000 securities carrying voting rights (all ordinary shares).** *Contacts:NyxoahDavid DeMartino  Chief Strategy Officerdavid.demartino@nyxoah.com+1 310 310 1313Attachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,True,English,"['Total Number', 'Voting Rights', 'Information', 'Shares', 'Chief Strategy Officer', 'English French', 'large shareholdings', 'Euronext Brussels', 'Share capital', '55 “2016 ESOP Warrants', '100 “2018 ESOP Warrants', '2020 ESOP Warrants', '26,375 “2021 ESOP Warrants', '700,000 “2022 ESOP Warrants', 'Voting Rights', 'Total Number', 'new shares', 'ordinary shares', 'Nyxoah SA', 'REGULATED INFORMATION', 'David DeMartino', 'Mont-Saint-Guibert', 'Belgium', 'March', 'accordance', 'article', 'Law', '2 May', 'disclosure', 'Nasdaq', 'NYXH', 'issue', 'securities', 'denominator', 'November', 'holders', 'December', 'February', 'September', 'Contacts', 'Attachment', '10:30', '4:30']",2023-03-31,2023-04-01,globenewswire.com
21968,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/VALNEVA-SE-54466/news/Valneva-Announces-Filing-of-2022-Universal-Registration-Document-and-US-Form-20-F-43388065/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230331,Valneva Announces Filing of 2022 Universal Registration Document and US Form 20-F,(marketscreener.com)  Saint-Herblain   March 31  2023 – Valneva SE   a specialty vaccine company  announced today the filing  on March 30 2023  of its 2022 Universal Registration Document with the French Financial Markets Authority under the filing number D.…,Saint-Herblain (France)  March 31  2023 – Valneva SE (Nasdaq: VALN; Euronext Paris: VLA)  a specialty vaccine company  announced today the filing  on March 30 2023  of its 2022 Universal Registration Document (URD) with the French Financial Markets Authority (AMF) under the filing number D.23-0199 and its Form 20-F with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC).Valneva’s 2022 Universal Registration Document includes the Company’s 2022 audited Annual Financial Report  the Management Board Report  the Supervisory Board’s report on Corporate Governance and the Group’s Corporate Social Responsibility Report.These documents are available on Valneva’s website (https://valneva.com/investors/financial-reports/) and will also be available on the AMF (www.amf-france.org) and SEC (www.sec.gov) websites  respectively. Hard copies of these documents may be obtained from the Company  free of charge  upon request at the following address: 6 rue Alain Bombard  44800 Saint-Herblain  France.About Valneva SEValneva is a specialty vaccine company focused on the development  manufacturing and commercialization of prophylactic vaccines for infectious diseases with significant unmet medical need. The Company takes a highly specialized and targeted approach to vaccine development and then applies its deep understanding of vaccine science to develop prophylactic vaccines addressing these diseases. Valneva has leveraged its expertise and capabilities both to commercialize three vaccines and to rapidly advance a broad range of vaccine candidates into and through the clinic  including candidates against the chikungunya virus and Lyme disease.Valneva Investor and Media ContactsLaetitia Bachelot-FontaineVP  Global Communications and European Investor RelationsM +33 (0)6 4516 7099investors@valneva.comJoshua Drumm  Ph.D.VP  Global Investor RelationsM +001 917 815 4520joshua.drumm@valneva.comAttachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,True,English,"['2022 Universal Registration Document', 'US Form', 'Valneva', 'Filing', 'French Financial Markets Authority', 'significant unmet medical need', '2022 audited Annual Financial Report', 'Corporate Social Responsibility Report', '2022 Universal Registration Document', 'U.S. Securities', '6 rue Alain Bombard', 'European Investor Relations', 'Management Board Report', 'Global Investor Relations', 'specialty vaccine company', 'Corporate Governance', 'Supervisory Board', 'Global Communications', 'vaccine science', 'Euronext Paris', 'Exchange Commission', 'Hard copies', 'following address', 'prophylactic vaccines', 'The Company', 'targeted approach', 'deep understanding', 'three vaccines', 'broad range', 'chikungunya virus', 'Lyme disease', 'Media Contacts', 'Laetitia Bachelot-Fontaine', 'Joshua Drumm', 'Ph.D.', 'Valneva Investor', 'vaccine development', 'vaccine candidates', 'filing number', 'infectious diseases', 'Valneva SE', 'Saint-Herblain', 'France', 'March', 'VLA', 'URD', 'AMF', 'Form', 'Group', 'documents', 'website', 'investors/financial-reports', 'org', 'charge', 'request', 'manufacturing', 'commercialization', 'specialized', 'expertise', 'capabilities', 'clinic', 'VP', 'Attachment']",2023-03-31,2023-04-01,marketscreener.com
21969,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/03/31/2638987/0/en/Stellantis-Allocates-Electric-Van-to-Mangualde-to-Support-Light-Commercial-Vehicle-Leadership-in-Europe.html,Stellantis Allocates Electric Van to Mangualde to Support Light Commercial Vehicle Leadership in Europe,Stellantis Allocates Electric Van to Mangualde to Support Light Commercial Vehicle Leadership in Europe  Mangualde Production Center becoming the first......,Stellantis Allocates Electric Van to Mangualde to Support Light Commercial Vehicle Leadership in EuropeMangualde Production Center becoming the first assembly plant in Portugal to produce large series fully battery electric compact vans for Citroën  Fiat  Opel and Peugeot by 20 2 5Announcement made during visit by His Excellencies the President of the Portuguese Republic  the Prime Minister   and the Minister of Economy and Maritime Affairs to the p lant facilitiesStellantis holds unrivalled light commercial vehicle leadership in Europe for electric vans with nearly 43% of market shareElectrification across the Stellantis portfolio supports Dare Forward 2030 strategic plan ambitionsAMSTERDAM  March 31  2023 - Stellantis CEO Carlos Tavares announced today that the Mangualde Production Center in Portugal will enter a new era with the production of battery electric light commercial vehicles (LCV) starting in early 2025  producing the Citroën ë-Berlingo  Peugeot e-Partner  Opel Combo-e and Fiat e-Doblò models  both in light commercial and passenger versions. Mangualde will become the first Portuguese plant to produce large series fully battery electric cars for the domestic and export markets at launch.The announcement was made during a visit by His Excellency  the President of the Portuguese Republic  Marcelo Rebelo de Sousa  His Excellency  the Prime Minister  António Costa  and His Excellency  the Minister for the Economy and Maritime Affairs  António Costa Silva  as part of the Government’s “PRR (Recovery and Resilience Plan) on the Move” initiative.Stellantis Mangualde leads one of the mobilizing agendas for business innovation with the “GreenAuto” project  which brings together a consortium of 37 partner entities  who attended the event  and represents a joint investment of €119 million.“We are proud to announce that Mangualde will enter a new era with the production of large series of battery electric vans in Portugal to provide indispensable solutions for our business customers ” said Stellantis CEO Carlos Tavares. “Leveraging Mangualde’s manufacturing expertise to build battery electric vehicles is critical to the continued decarbonization of our fleets and a further step as we work to achieve a 40% zero emissions mix by the end of the decade.”In 2022  Stellantis was the light commercial vehicle BEV market leader in Europe with nearly 43% market share. In Portugal  the Company was the leader in 2022 in BEV sales  with 22% share  and in the sale of electric commercial vehicles with a 54% market share.Evolution of Mangualde Production CenterThe Stellantis plant in Mangualde  which last year celebrated its 60th anniversary and was the first auto assembly plant in Portugal  has produced more than 1.5 million vehicles to date. Nearly one in every four vehicles produced in Portugal comes from the Mangualde production line. It launched production of the current generation of vehicles in 2018.This announcement ensures the future of the plant and confirms the importance of this manufacturing site for the Portuguese economy  Gross Domestic Product and Exports  as well as for employment and the development of the business and industrial fabric of this region.This new era of production will see a transformation of the Mangualde plant “fit for the future” with new facilities  both in general assembly as well as in the body shop  the optimization of the industrial area  and the creation of a new battery assembly line. The Company has invested in modernizing and updating its facilities and production processes  while also increasingly stressing its commitment to the environment and to reducing emissions  in addition to a strong commitment to innovation.In support of the Stellantis goal of being carbon net zero by 2038  the Mangualde plant completed the second phase of its solar energy park. When concluded  the solar park will provide up to 31% of the plant’s annual electricity needs  displacing 2 500 tons of CO2 emissions a year  equivalent to the CO2 capturing performance of about 16 000 trees. The facility is aiming for more projects in green energy and energy storage  including one in collaboration with the Municipality of Mangualde and nearby companies that can also benefit from capturing this renewable energy.The plant currently produces light commercial vehicles and passenger versions of the Citroën Berlingo/Berlingo Van  Fiat Doblò  Opel Combo/Combo Cargo  and Peugeot Partner/Rifter.Stellantis is investing more than €30 billion through 2025 in electrification and software to deliver BEVs that meet customer demands.The decision is a key component of the Dare Forward 2030 strategic plan  which is led by deep emission cuts to slash CO2 in half by 2030  benchmarking 2021 metrics  and achieve carbon net zero by 2038 with single digit percentage compensation of the remaining emissions. Core targets for Dare Forward 2030 also include 100% of passenger car sales in Europe and 50% of passenger car and light-duty truck sales in the United States to be BEVs by the end of the decade; the ambition of doubling Net Revenues by 2030 (versus 2021) and sustaining double-digit Adjusted Operating Income margins throughout the decade; and the aim to become number one in customer satisfaction for products and services in every market by 2030.# # #About StellantisStellantis N.V. (NYSE: STLA / Euronext Milan: STLAM / Euronext Paris: STLAP) is one of the world's leading automakers and a mobility provider. Its storied and iconic brands embody the passion of their visionary founders and today’s customers in their innovative products and services  including Abarth  Alfa Romeo  Chrysler  Citroën  Dodge  DS Automobiles  Fiat  Jeep ®   Lancia  Maserati  Opel  Peugeot  Ram  Vauxhall  Free2move and Leasys. Powered by our diversity  we lead the way the world moves – aspiring to become the greatest sustainable mobility tech company  not the biggest  while creating added value for all stakeholders as well as the communities in which it operates. For more information  visit www.stellantis.com.@Stellantis Stellantis Stellantis StellantisFor more information  contact:Fernão SILVEIRA +31 6 43 25 43 41 – fernao.silveira@stellantis.comJorge MAGALHAES +351 96 986 16 80 0 – jorge.magalhaes@stellantis.comcommunications@stellantis.comwww.stellantis.comAttachment,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,positive,0.72,0.27,0.01,True,English,"['Light Commercial Vehicle Leadership', 'Electric Van', 'Stellantis', 'Mangualde', 'Europe', 'large series fully battery electric compact vans', 'large series fully battery electric cars', 'light commercial vehicle BEV market leader', 'unrivalled light commercial vehicle leadership', 'Dare Forward 2030 strategic plan ambitions', 'battery electric light commercial vehicles', 'Marcelo Rebelo de Sousa', 'single digit percentage compensation', 'António Costa Silva', 'Stellantis CEO Carlos Tavares', 'new battery assembly line', 'first auto assembly plant', 'battery electric vans', 'battery electric vehicles', 'electric commercial vehicles', 'annual electricity needs', 'deep emission cuts', 'first assembly plant', 'light-duty truck sales', 'Citroën ë-Berlingo', 'p lant facilities', 'Fiat e-Doblò models', '40% zero emissions mix', 'Gross Domestic Product', 'CO2 capturing performance', 'Citroën Berlingo', 'first Portuguese plant', 'Mangualde production line', 'passenger car sales', 'solar energy park', 'Mangualde Production Center', 'The Stellantis plant', 'BEV sales', 'Resilience Plan', 'general assembly', 'solar park', 'market share', '1.5 million vehicles', 'four vehicles', 'Berlingo Van', 'new era', 'new facilities', 'Portuguese Republic', 'passenger versions', 'green energy', 'energy storage', 'renewable energy', 'Mangualde plant', 'Stellantis portfolio', 'Stellantis goal', 'Stellantis Mangualde', 'His Excellencies', 'Maritime Affairs', 'export markets', 'Move” initiative', 'mobilizing agendas', 'GreenAuto” project', '37 partner entities', 'joint investment', 'indispensable solutions', 'manufacturing expertise', 'continued decarbonization', '60th anniversary', 'current generation', 'manufacturing site', 'industrial fabric', 'body shop', 'industrial area', 'The Company', 'production processes', 'second phase', 'CO2 emissions', 'nearby companies', 'Fiat Doblò', 'Combo Cargo', 'customer demands', 'key component', 'remaining emissions', 'Core targets', 'United States', 'Leveraging Mangualde', 'Opel Combo-e', 'His Excellency', 'business customers', 'Portuguese economy', 'Prime Minister', 'strong commitment', 'Peugeot Partner/Rifter', 'business innovation', '22% share', 'Europe', 'Portugal', 'Announcement', 'visit', 'President', 'Electrification', 'AMSTERDAM', 'LCV', 'launch', 'Government', 'PRR', 'Recovery', 'consortium', 'event', 'fleets', 'step', 'decade', 'Evolution', 'date', 'future', 'importance', 'Exports', 'employment', 'development', 'region', 'transformation', 'optimization', 'creation', 'environment', 'addition', 'support', '2,500 tons', '16,000 trees', 'facility', 'projects', 'collaboration', 'Municipality', 'software', 'BEVs', 'decision', 'half', '2021 metrics', 'doubli']",2023-03-31,2023-04-01,globenewswire.com
21970,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/03/31/2638932/0/en/Information-on-the-Total-Number-of-Voting-Rights-Denominator-following-Conversion-Notice-from-ATLAS.html,Information on the Total Number of Voting Rights (Denominator) following Conversion Notice from ATLAS,Regulated Information - Denominator   Atlas Special Opportunities  LLC has converted 12 convertible bonds in Oxurion resulting in a EUR 300 000 capital......,Regulated Information - DenominatorAtlas Special Opportunities  LLC has converted 12 convertible bonds in Oxurion resulting in a EUR 300 000 capital increase. This is part of Atlas Special Opportunities  LLC’s EUR 20 million Capital Commitment1 that will allow Oxurion to focus on progressing its novel and differentiated back of the eye drug candidate targeting potential market opportunities of over USD 5 billion.Leuven  BELGIUM  Boston  MA  US – March 31  2023 – 07.00 PM CET – In accordance with article 15 of the Belgian Act of May 2  2007 on the disclosure of major participations in issuers of which shares are admitted to trading on a regulated market and regarding miscellaneous provisions  Oxurion NV (Euronext Brussels: OXUR) (the “Company” or “Oxurion”)  announces the below information  following the issuance of 28 942 629 new ordinary shares on March 28  2023  for a total amount of EUR 300 000  as the result of the conversion of 12 convertible bonds  pursuant to the Capital Commitment entered into with Atlas Special Opportunities  LLC.Following completion of the capital increase through the conversion of the convertible bonds  the total number of shares issued by Oxurion amounts to 632 659 186 outstanding ordinary shares carrying voting rights (compared to 603 716 557 outstanding ordinary shares previously). This number will be used as the denominator for the calculation of the percentages of shareholdings.Therefore  Oxurion publishes the following updated information:Share capital (EUR) 78 206 161.32 Total number of securities with voting rights (all ordinary shares) 632 659 186 Total number of ordinary shares (= denominator) 632 659 186 Number of outstanding  granted rights to subscribe to securities carrying voting rights not yet issued: 694 000 subscription rights (“SRs”) issued on November 20  2017  entitling their holders to subscribe to a total number of 694 000 securities carrying voting rights (all ordinary shares);60 000 SRs issued on December 23  2020  entitling their holders to subscribe to a total number of 60 000 securities carrying voting rights (all ordinary shares);976 874 SRs issued on April 14  2021  entitling their holders to subscribe to a total number of 976 874 securities carrying voting rights (all ordinary shares);534 688 SRs issued on September 22  2021  entitling their holders to subscribe to a total number of 534 688 securities carrying voting rights (all ordinary shares);582 248 SRs issued on December 30  2021  entitling their holders to subscribe to a total number of 582 248 securities carrying voting rights (all ordinary shares);92 convertible bonds issued on March 14  2023  entitling its holder  Atlas Special Opportunities  LLC  to subscribe to a total number of securities carrying voting rights (all ordinary shares) in accordance with the terms and conditions of these convertible bonds pursuant to the Subscription Agreement entered into between the Company and Atlas Special Opportunities  LLC on March 1  2023; and100 convertible bonds issued on December 20  2021  entitling their holders (Kreos Capital VI (UK) Limited  Pontifax Medison Finance (Israel) L.P. and Pontifax Medison Finance (Cayman) L.P.) to subscribe to a total number of securities carrying voting rights (all ordinary shares) in accordance with the terms and conditions of these convertible bonds as attached to the Agreement for the provision of a Loan Facility entered into between the Company  Kreos Capital VI (UK) Limited  Pontifax Medison Finance (Israel) L.P. and Pontifax Medison Finance (Cayman) L.P.  on November 21  2021 (as amended from time to time).ENDAbout OxurionOxurion (Euronext Brussels: OXUR) is a biopharmaceutical company developing next generation standard of care ophthalmic therapies  which are designed to improve and better preserve vision in patients with retinal disorders including diabetic macular edema (DME)  the leading cause of vision loss in working-age people  as well as other conditions. Oxurion intends to play an important role in the treatment of retinal disorders  including the successful development of THR-149  its novel therapeutic for the treatment of DME. THR-149 is a potent plasma kallikrein inhibitor being developed as a potential new standard of care for the up to 50% of DME patients showing suboptimal response to anti-VEGF therapy. Oxurion is headquartered in Leuven  Belgium  with corporate operations in Boston  MA. More information is available at www.oxurion.com.Important information about forward-looking statementsCertain statements in this press release may be considered “forward-looking”. Such forward-looking statements are based on current expectations  and  accordingly  entail and are influenced by various risks and uncertainties. The Company therefore cannot provide any assurance that such forward-looking statements will materialize and does not assume any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statement  whether as a result of new information  future events  or any other reason. Additional information concerning risks and uncertainties affecting the business and other factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from any forward-looking statement is contained in the Company’s Annual Report. This press release does not constitute an offer or invitation for the sale or purchase of securities or assets of Oxurion in any jurisdiction. No securities of Oxurion may be offered or sold within the United States without registration under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933  as amended  or in compliance with an exemption therefrom  and in accordance with any applicable U.S. state securities laws.For further information please contact:Oxurion NVTom GraneyChief Executive OfficerTel: +32 16 75 13 10tom.graney@oxurion.comMichaël DillenChief Business OfficerTel: +32 16 75 13 10michael.dillen@oxurion.com USConway CommunicationsMary T. Conwaymtconway@conwaycommsir.comICR WestwickeChristopher BrinzeyTel: +1 617 835 9304chris.brinzey@westwicke.com1 Press release Oxurion  02/03/2023Attachments,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.28,0.23,0.49,True,English,"['Total Number', 'Voting Rights', 'Conversion Notice', 'Information', 'Denominator', 'ATLAS', 'potent plasma kallikrein inhibitor', 'EUR 20 million Capital Commitment1', 'Atlas Special Opportunities', 'Pontifax Medison Finance', 'next generation standard', 'diabetic macular edema', 'EUR 300,000 capital increase', 'Kreos Capital VI', 'potential new standard', 'potential market opportunities', 'care ophthalmic therapies', '632,659,186 outstanding ordinary shares', '57 outstanding ordinary shares', 'Such forward-looking statements', '28,942,629 new ordinary shares', 'Israel) L.P.', 'Share capital', 'new information', 'regulated market', '12 convertible bonds', 'drug candidate', 'Belgian Act', 'major participations', 'miscellaneous provisions', 'Euronext Brussels', 'total amount', '92 convertible bonds', '100 convertible bonds', 'Loan Facility', 'retinal disorders', 'leading cause', 'working-age people', 'important role', 'successful development', 'suboptimal response', 'anti-VEGF therapy', 'corporate operations', 'press release', 'current expectations', 'future events', 'other reason', 'voting rights', '694,000 subscription rights', 'Regulated Information', 'updated information', 'More information', 'Important information', 'Additional information', 'total number', 'Subscription Agreement', 'vision loss', 'novel therapeutic', 'various risks', 'biopharmaceutical company', 'The Company', 'other conditions', 'Oxurion NV', 'DME patients', 'Denominator', 'LLC', 'back', 'eye', 'Leuven', 'BELGIUM', 'Boston', 'March', '07.00 PM', 'accordance', 'article', 'May', 'disclosure', 'issuers', 'issuance', 'result', 'conversion', 'completion', 'calculation', 'percentages', 'shareholdings', 'securities', 'SRs', 'November', 'holders', 'December', 'April', 'September', 'terms', 'UK', 'Cayman', 'Limited', 'time', 'treatment', 'THR-149', 'uncertainties', 'assurance', 'obligation', '60']",2023-03-31,2023-04-01,globenewswire.com
21971,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/EDENRED-SE-6365724/news/Edenred-Communique-de-mise-a-disposition-du-Document-d-enregistrement-universel-2022-43396540/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230331,Edenred : Communiqué de mise à disposition du Document d'enregistrement universel 2022,(marketscreener.com)   Regulated information   Issy-les-Moulineaux  March 31  2023   Availability of the 2022 Universal Registration Document   Edenred has published its 2022 Universal Registration Document  filing the original version in French wi…,"Paper copies will be also available to the public on request:a description of the share buyback program subject to the authorization of the Combined General Meeting dated May 11  2023 (pagesthe Board of Directors' report on corporate governance and the Statutory Auditors' reports (section 6 and sections 3.1/3.3 of the 2022 Universal Registration Document);the 2022 annual financial report  consisting of the consolidated financial statements  the parent company financial statements  the management report and the related reports and statements (aThe original version of the Universal Registration Document was submitted in European Single Electronic Format (ESEF)  as established by Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/815. It is available on the AMF's website. French and English versions can also be found on Edenred's corporate website via the following links:Edenred has published its 2022 Universal Registration Document  filing the original version in French with the French Financial Markets Authority (Autorité des marchés financiers - AMF) on March 30  2023  under number D.23-0201.▬▬About EdenredEdenred is a leading digital platform for services and payments and the everyday companion for people at work  connecting 52 million users and 2 million partner merchants in 45 countries via 950 000 corporate clients.Edenred offers specific-purpose payment solutions for food (such as meal benefits)  incentives (such as gift cards  employee engagement platforms)  mobility (such as multi-energy  maintenance  toll  parking and commuter solutions) and corporate payments (such as virtual cards).True to the Group's purpose  ""Enrich connections. For good.""  these solutions enhance users' well-being and purchasing power. They improve companies' attractiveness and efficiency and vitalize the employment market and the local economy. They also foster access to healthier food  more environmentally friendly products and softer mobility.Edenred's 10 000 employees are committed to making the world of work a connected ecosystem that is safer  more efficient and more responsible every day.In 2022  thanks to its global technology assets  the Group managed some €38 billion in business volume  primarily carried out via mobile applications  online platforms  and cards.Edenred is listed on the Euronext Paris stock exchange and included in the following indices: CAC 40 ESG  CAC Next 20  CAC Large 60  Euronext 100  FTSE4Good and MSCI Europe.The logos and other trademarks mentioned and featured in this press release are registered trademarks of Edenred S.E.  its subsidiaries or third parties. They may not be used for commercial purposes without prior written consent from their owners.▬▬CONTACTS",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,positive,0.84,0.15,0.0,True,English,"['enregistrement universel', 'Edenred', 'Communiqué', 'mise', 'disposition', 'Document', 'Autorité des marchés financiers', 'European Single Electronic Format', 'Euronext Paris stock exchange', 'parent company financial statements', 'French Financial Markets Authority', 'consolidated financial statements', 'share buyback program', 'Combined General Meeting', '2022 Universal Registration Document', 'leading digital platform', 'environmentally friendly products', 'global technology assets', 'prior written consent', '2022 annual financial report', ""Statutory Auditors' reports"", '2 million partner merchants', 'employee engagement platforms', 'Edenred S.E.', 'specific-purpose payment solutions', 'related reports', '52 million users', 'online platforms', ""Directors' report"", 'management report', 'Paper copies', 'corporate governance', 'original version', 'Delegated Regulation', 'English versions', 'following links', 'everyday companion', '950,000 corporate clients', 'meal benefits', 'commuter solutions', ""users' well-being"", 'purchasing power', 'employment market', 'local economy', 'connected ecosystem', 'business volume', 'mobile applications', 'following indices', 'MSCI Europe', 'other trademarks', 'press release', 'registered trademarks', 'third parties', 'commercial purposes', 'gift cards', 'virtual cards', 'CAC 40 ESG', 'CAC Next', 'corporate website', 'corporate payments', 'softer mobility', 'public', 'request', 'description', 'authorization', 'May', 'pages', 'Board', 'section', 'ESEF', 'AMF', 'number', 'services', 'people', 'work', '45 countries', 'food', 'incentives', 'multi-energy', 'maintenance', 'toll', 'parking', 'Group', 'connections', 'attractiveness', 'efficiency', 'access', '10,000 employees', 'world', 'FTSE4Good', 'logos', 'subsidiaries', 'owners', 'CONTACTS']",2023-03-31,2023-04-01,marketscreener.com
21972,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/03/31/2638756/0/en/Tarkett-Conditions-for-obtaining-or-consulting-the-preparatory-documents-for-the-Combined-Shareholders-Meeting-of-April-21-2023.html,Tarkett - Conditions for obtaining or consulting the preparatory documents for the Combined Shareholders’ Meeting of April 21  2023,PARIS  FRANCE  March 31  2023 – Conditions for obtaining or consulting the preparatory documents for the Combined Shareholders’ Meeting of April 21  2023...,English FrenchPARIS  FRANCE  March 31  2023 – Conditions for obtaining or consulting the preparatory documents for the Combined Shareholders’ Meeting of April 21  2023The Combined Shareholders’ Meeting of Tarkett will be held on Friday April 21  2023 at 9h30 a.m. at the Auditorium located in ground floor of the registered address (Tour Initiale – 1  Terrasse Bellini – 92919 Paris la Défense).The preliminary notice of meeting serving as a convening notice  comprising the agenda and the draft resolutions was published in the French Bulletin des Annonces Légales Obligatoires (BALO) n° 33 of March 17  2023. The notice of meeting will be published in the French legal newspaper Les Petites Affiches on April 5  2023. These notices include information on how to attend and vote at the Shareholders’ Meeting.In accordance with Articles R. 225-83 and R. 225-89 of the French Commercial Code  the documents that must be made available to shareholders in connection with Shareholders’ Meetings will be available at the registered office as from April 5  2023.The documents provided for in Article R.22-10-23 of the French Commercial Code may be consulted on the Company's website www.tarkett-group.com  as from today  the twenty-first day preceding the Shareholders’ Meeting.In accordance with applicable regulations  shareholders holding registered shares may  up to the fifth day inclusive prior to the Shareholders’ Meeting  request these documents to be send by the Company by a written request sent to the Company's registered office by post or by e-mail to the following address: actionnaires@tarkett.com. For bearer shareholders  requests must be accompanied by a shareholding certificate delivered by their financial intermediary mentioned in Article L. 211-3 of the French Monetary and Financial Code.Shareholders are invited to regularly consult the section dedicated to the 2023 Shareholders' Meeting on the company's website www.tarkett-group.com  which could be updated to specify the definitive terms and conditions for participation in the Shareholders’ Meeting.***Investor Relations Contactinvestors@tarkett.comMedia contactsTarkett - communication@tarkett.comBrunswick - tarkett@brunswickgroup.com - Tel.: +33 (0) 1 53 96 83 83About TarkettWith a history of 140 years  Tarkett is a worldwide leader in innovative and sustainable flooring and sports surface solutions  generating net sales of € 3.4 billion in 2022. The Group employs 12 000 employees and has 25 R&D centers  8 recycling centers and 34 production sites. Tarkett creates and manufactures solutions for hospitals  schools  housing  hotels  offices  stores and sports fields  serving customers in over 100 countries. To build ‘The Way to Better Floors”  the Group is committed to circular economy and sustainability  in line with its Tarkett Human-Conscious Design® approach. Tarkett is listed on the Euronext regulated market (compartment B  ISIN: FR0004188670  ticker: TKTT). www.tarkett-group.comAttachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.0,True,English,"['Combined Shareholders’ Meeting', 'preparatory documents', 'Tarkett', 'Conditions', 'April', 'Annonces Légales Obligatoires', '92919 Paris la Défense', 'Tarkett Human-Conscious Design® approach', 'The Combined Shareholders’ Meeting', 'Les Petites Affiches', 'Investor Relations Contact', 'Euronext regulated market', 'French legal newspaper', 'French Commercial Code', '25 R&D centers', 'Media contacts Tarkett', 'sports surface solutions', 'Financial Code', 'The Way', 'English French', 'French Bulletin', 'Article L.', 'French Monetary', '8 recycling centers', 'sports fields', 'The Group', ""2023 Shareholders' Meeting"", '9h30 a', 'ground floor', 'Tour Initiale', 'Terrasse Bellini', 'draft resolutions', 'Shareholders’ Meetings', 'twenty-first day', 'applicable regulations', 'registered shares', 'written request', 'bearer shareholders', 'shareholding certificate', 'financial intermediary', 'definitive terms', 'worldwide leader', 'sustainable flooring', 'net sales', '34 production sites', 'Better Floors', 'circular economy', 'compartment B', 'preliminary notice', 'convening notice', 'registered office', 'following address', 'preparatory documents', 'Friday April', 'R.', 'FRANCE', 'March', 'Conditions', 'Auditorium', 'agenda', 'BALO', 'notices', 'information', 'accordance', 'Articles', 'connection', 'Company', 'website', 'tarkett-group', 'today', 'fifth', 'post', 'mail', 'actionnaires', 'requests', 'section', 'participation', 'communication', 'Brunswick', 'Tel.', 'history', '140 years', 'innovative', '12,000 employees', 'hospitals', 'schools', 'housing', 'hotels', 'offices', 'stores', 'customers', '100 countries', 'sustainability', 'line', 'ISIN', 'ticker', 'TKTT', 'Attachment', '°']",2023-03-31,2023-04-01,globenewswire.com
21973,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/03/31/2638870/0/en/BIC-Nomination-of-a-second-Director-representing-the-employees.html,BIC : Nomination of a second Director representing the employees,Société BIC Board of DirectorsNomination of a second Director representing the employees  Clichy  France– 31 March 2023 - BIC announces the appointment...,"English FrenchSociété BIC Board of DirectorsNomination of a second Director representing the employeesClichy  France– 31 March 2023 - BIC announces the appointment of Héla Madiouni  as Director representing the employees for the Board of Directors of Société BIC. She was nominated by the Group’s Works Council on March 30  2023. Héla Madiouni becomes the second Director representing the employees with Vincent Bedhome. She has been appointed in replacement of Inna Kostuk who resigned on October 14  2022. Her mandate will last for the next three years.Héla Madiouni is a graduate of ICN Business School and holds a Master's degree in Accounting and Financial Sciences and Techniques. In 2006  she started her career at PriceWaterhouseCoopers in Paris as an auditor. She joined the BIC Group Finance team in 2013 within the Group Finance Department. Since 2021  she has been Group Consolidation and Reporting Director.***ABOUT BICA world leader in stationery  lighters and shavers  BIC brings simplicity and joy to everyday Life. For more than 75 years  the Company has honored the tradition of providing high-quality  affordable  essential products to consumers everywhere. Through this unwavering dedication  BIC has become one of the most recognized brands and is a trademark registered worldwide. Today  BIC products are sold in more than 160 countries around the world and feature iconic brands such as BIC Kids™  BIC FlexTM  BodyMark by BICTM  Cello®  Djeep  Lucky Stationery  Rocketbook  Soleil®  Tipp-Ex®  Us. TM  Wite-Out®  Inkbox and more. In 2022  BIC Net Sales were 2 233.9 million euros. The Company is listed on ""Euronext Paris"" "" is part of the SBF120 and CAC Mid 60 indexes and is recognized for its commitment to sustainable development and education. It received an A- Leadership score from CDP. For more  visit www.bic.com or follow us on LinkedIn  Instagram  Twitter  or YouTube.CONTACTSInvestor Relations teaminvestors.info@bicworld.comKimberly StewartHead of Investor Relationskimberly.stewart@bicworld.comIsabelle de SegonzacImage 7  Press Relations contact+ 33 6 89 87 61 39isegonzac@image7.fr2023 AGENDAALL DATES TO BE CONFIRMED1st Quarter 2023 Results April 25  2023 (post market close) 2023 Annual General Meeting May 16  2023 2nd Quarter and 1st Half 2023 Results July 26  2023 (post market close) 3rd Quarter and 9 Months 2023 Results October 25  2023 (post market close)Attachment",neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,positive,0.98,0.02,0.0,True,English,"['second Director', 'BIC', 'Nomination', 'employees', 'English French Société BIC Board', 'high-quality, affordable, essential products', 'BIC Group Finance team', 'Héla Madiouni', 'ICN Business School', 'Group Finance Department', 'CAC Mid 60 indexes', 'A- Leadership score', '2023 Annual General Meeting', 'Investor Relations team', 'Press Relations contact', 'BIC Net Sales', 'next three years', '1st Half 2023 Results', 'BIC products', 'Group Consolidation', '1st Quarter', 'BIC Kids™', 'BIC FlexTM', 'bic.com', 'Works Council', 'Vincent Bedhome', 'Inna Kostuk', 'Financial Sciences', 'everyday Life', 'unwavering dedication', 'recognized brands', 'iconic brands', 'sustainable development', 'Isabelle de', 'post market', '2nd Quarter', '3rd Quarter', 'second Director', 'Reporting Director', 'world leader', 'Euronext Paris', 'Kimberly Stewart', 'employees Clichy', '75 years', 'Directors', 'Nomination', 'France', 'appointment', 'March', 'replacement', 'October', 'mandate', 'graduate', 'Master', 'degree', 'Accounting', 'Techniques', 'career', 'PriceWaterhouseCoopers', 'auditor', 'ABOUT', 'stationery', 'lighters', 'shavers', 'simplicity', 'joy', 'Company', 'tradition', 'consumers', 'trademark', '160 countries', 'BodyMark', 'BICTM', 'Cello®', 'Djeep', 'Lucky', 'Rocketbook', 'Soleil®', 'Tipp', 'Ex®', 'Wite-Out®', 'Inkbox', 'SBF120', 'commitment', 'education', 'CDP', 'LinkedIn', 'Instagram', 'Twitter', 'YouTube', 'CONTACTS', 'bicworld', 'Head', 'Segonzac', 'Image', '2023 AGENDA', 'DATES', 'April', 'May', 'July', '9 Months', 'Attachment']",2023-03-31,2023-04-01,globenewswire.com
21974,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/TARKETT-14899990/news/Tarkett-Conditions-for-obtaining-or-consulting-the-preparatory-documents-for-the-Combined-Sharehol-43394257/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230331,Tarkett - Conditions for obtaining or consulting the preparatory documents for the Combined Shareholders' Meeting of April 21  2023,(marketscreener.com) PARIS  FRANCE  March 31  2023 – Conditions for obtaining or consulting the preparatory documents for the Combined Shareholders’ Meeting of April 21  2023 The Combined Shareholders’ Meeting of Tarkett will be held on Friday April 21  2023 …,PARIS  FRANCE  March 31  2023 – Conditions for obtaining or consulting the preparatory documents for the Combined Shareholders’ Meeting of April 21  2023The Combined Shareholders’ Meeting of Tarkett will be held on Friday April 21  2023 at 9h30 a.m. at the Auditorium located in ground floor of the registered address (Tour Initiale – 1  Terrasse Bellini – 92919 Paris la Défense).The preliminary notice of meeting serving as a convening notice  comprising the agenda and the draft resolutions was published in the French Bulletin des Annonces Légales Obligatoires (BALO) n° 33 of March 17  2023. The notice of meeting will be published in the French legal newspaper Les Petites Affiches on April 5  2023. These notices include information on how to attend and vote at the Shareholders’ Meeting.In accordance with Articles R. 225-83 and R. 225-89 of the French Commercial Code  the documents that must be made available to shareholders in connection with Shareholders’ Meetings will be available at the registered office as from April 5  2023.The documents provided for in Article R.22-10-23 of the French Commercial Code may be consulted on the Company's website www.tarkett-group.com  as from today  the twenty-first day preceding the Shareholders’ Meeting.In accordance with applicable regulations  shareholders holding registered shares may  up to the fifth day inclusive prior to the Shareholders’ Meeting  request these documents to be send by the Company by a written request sent to the Company's registered office by post or by e-mail to the following address: actionnaires@tarkett.com. For bearer shareholders  requests must be accompanied by a shareholding certificate delivered by their financial intermediary mentioned in Article L. 211-3 of the French Monetary and Financial Code.Shareholders are invited to regularly consult the section dedicated to the 2023 Shareholders' Meeting on the company's website www.tarkett-group.com  which could be updated to specify the definitive terms and conditions for participation in the Shareholders’ Meeting.***Investor Relations Contactinvestors@tarkett.comMedia contactsTarkett - communication@tarkett.comBrunswick - tarkett@brunswickgroup.com - Tel.: +33 (0) 1 53 96 83 83About TarkettWith a history of 140 years  Tarkett is a worldwide leader in innovative and sustainable flooring and sports surface solutions  generating net sales of € 3.4 billion in 2022. The Group employs 12 000 employees and has 25 R&D centers  8 recycling centers and 34 production sites. Tarkett creates and manufactures solutions for hospitals  schools  housing  hotels  offices  stores and sports fields  serving customers in over 100 countries. To build ‘The Way to Better Floors”  the Group is committed to circular economy and sustainability  in line with its Tarkett Human-Conscious Design® approach. Tarkett is listed on the Euronext regulated market (compartment B  ISIN: FR0004188670  ticker: TKTT). www.tarkett-group.comAttachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,True,English,"[""Combined Shareholders' Meeting"", 'preparatory documents', 'Tarkett', 'Conditions', 'April', 'Annonces Légales Obligatoires', '92919 Paris la Défense', 'Tarkett Human-Conscious Design® approach', 'The Combined Shareholders’ Meeting', 'Les Petites Affiches', 'Investor Relations Contact', 'Euronext regulated market', 'French legal newspaper', 'French Commercial Code', '25 R&D centers', 'Media contacts Tarkett', 'sports surface solutions', 'Financial Code', 'The Way', 'French Bulletin', 'French Monetary', 'Article L.', '8 recycling centers', 'sports fields', 'The Group', ""2023 Shareholders' Meeting"", '9h30 a', 'ground floor', 'Tour Initiale', 'Terrasse Bellini', 'draft resolutions', 'Shareholders’ Meetings', 'registered office', 'first day', 'applicable regulations', 'registered shares', 'written request', 'bearer shareholders', 'shareholding certificate', 'financial intermediary', 'definitive terms', 'worldwide leader', 'sustainable flooring', 'net sales', '34 production sites', 'Better Floors', 'circular economy', 'compartment B', 'preliminary notice', 'convening notice', 'following address', 'preparatory documents', 'Friday April', 'R.', 'FRANCE', 'March', 'Conditions', 'Auditorium', 'agenda', 'BALO', 'notices', 'information', 'accordance', 'Articles', 'connection', 'Company', 'website', 'tarkett-group', 'today', 'twenty', 'fifth', 'post', 'mail', 'actionnaires', 'requests', 'section', 'participation', 'communication', 'Brunswick', 'Tel.', 'history', '140 years', 'innovative', '12,000 employees', 'hospitals', 'schools', 'housing', 'hotels', 'offices', 'stores', 'customers', '100 countries', 'sustainability', 'line', 'ISIN', 'ticker', 'TKTT', 'Attachment', '°']",2023-03-31,2023-04-01,marketscreener.com
21975,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/BIC-4617/news/BIC-Nomination-of-a-second-Director-representing-the-employees-43395132/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230331,BIC : Nomination of a second Director representing the employees,(marketscreener.com)  Société BIC Board of DirectorsNomination of a second Director representing the employees Clichy  France– 31 March 2023 - BIC announces the appointment of Héla Madiouni  as Director representing the employees for the Board of Directors o…,"Société BIC Board of DirectorsNomination of a second Director representing the employeesClichy  France– 31 March 2023 - BIC announces the appointment of Héla Madiouni  as Director representing the employees for the Board of Directors of Société BIC. She was nominated by the Group’s Works Council on March 30  2023. Héla Madiouni becomes the second Director representing the employees with Vincent Bedhome. She has been appointed in replacement of Inna Kostuk who resigned on October 14  2022. Her mandate will last for the next three years.Héla Madiouni is a graduate of ICN Business School and holds a Master's degree in Accounting and Financial Sciences and Techniques. In 2006  she started her career at PriceWaterhouseCoopers in Paris as an auditor. She joined the BIC Group Finance team in 2013 within the Group Finance Department. Since 2021  she has been Group Consolidation and Reporting Director.***ABOUT BICA world leader in stationery  lighters and shavers  BIC brings simplicity and joy to everyday Life. For more than 75 years  the Company has honored the tradition of providing high-quality  affordable  essential products to consumers everywhere. Through this unwavering dedication  BIC has become one of the most recognized brands and is a trademark registered worldwide. Today  BIC products are sold in more than 160 countries around the world and feature iconic brands such as BIC Kids™  BIC FlexTM  BodyMark by BICTM  Cello®  Djeep  Lucky Stationery  Rocketbook  Soleil®  Tipp-Ex®  Us. TM  Wite-Out®  Inkbox and more. In 2022  BIC Net Sales were 2 233.9 million euros. The Company is listed on ""Euronext Paris"" "" is part of the SBF120 and CAC Mid 60 indexes and is recognized for its commitment to sustainable development and education. It received an A- Leadership score from CDP. For more  visit www.bic.com or follow us on LinkedIn  Instagram  Twitter  or YouTube.CONTACTSInvestor Relations teaminvestors.info@bicworld.comKimberly StewartHead of Investor Relationskimberly.stewart@bicworld.comIsabelle de SegonzacImage 7  Press Relations contact+ 33 6 89 87 61 39isegonzac@image7.fr2023 AGENDAALL DATES TO BE CONFIRMED1st Quarter 2023 Results April 25  2023 (post market close) 2023 Annual General Meeting May 16  2023 2nd Quarter and 1st Half 2023 Results July 26  2023 (post market close) 3rd Quarter and 9 Months 2023 Results October 25  2023 (post market close)Attachment",neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,positive,0.74,0.17,0.09,True,English,"['second Director', 'BIC', 'Nomination', 'employees', 'high-quality, affordable, essential products', 'Société BIC Board', 'BIC Group Finance team', 'Héla Madiouni', 'ICN Business School', 'Group Finance Department', 'CAC Mid 60 indexes', 'A- Leadership score', '2023 Annual General Meeting', 'Investor Relations team', 'Press Relations contact', 'BIC Net Sales', 'next three years', '1st Half 2023 Results', 'BIC products', 'Group Consolidation', '1st Quarter', 'BIC Kids™', 'BIC FlexTM', 'bic.com', 'Works Council', 'Vincent Bedhome', 'Inna Kostuk', 'Financial Sciences', 'everyday Life', 'unwavering dedication', 'recognized brands', 'iconic brands', 'sustainable development', 'Isabelle de', 'post market', '2nd Quarter', '3rd Quarter', 'second Director', 'Reporting Director', 'world leader', 'Euronext Paris', 'employees Clichy', 'Kimberly Stewart', '75 years', 'Directors', 'Nomination', 'France', 'appointment', 'March', 'replacement', 'October', 'mandate', 'graduate', 'Master', 'degree', 'Accounting', 'Techniques', 'career', 'PriceWaterhouseCoopers', 'auditor', 'ABOUT', 'stationery', 'lighters', 'shavers', 'simplicity', 'joy', 'Company', 'tradition', 'consumers', 'trademark', '160 countries', 'BodyMark', 'BICTM', 'Cello®', 'Djeep', 'Lucky', 'Rocketbook', 'Soleil®', 'Tipp', 'Ex®', 'Wite-Out®', 'Inkbox', 'SBF120', 'commitment', 'education', 'CDP', 'LinkedIn', 'Instagram', 'Twitter', 'YouTube', 'CONTACTS', 'bicworld', 'Head', 'Segonzac', 'Image', '2023 AGENDA', 'DATES', 'April', '9 Months', 'Attachment']",2023-03-31,2023-04-01,marketscreener.com
21976,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/STELLANTIS-N-V-117814143/news/Weekly-Report-March-24-30-2023-on-the-First-Tranche-of-Stellantis-Share-Buyback-Program-43396134/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230331,Weekly Report (March 24-30  2023) on the First Tranche of Stellantis Share Buyback Program,(marketscreener.com) Weekly Report on the First Tranche of Stellantis Share Buyback Program AMSTERDAM  March 31  2023 - Stellantis N.V. announced today that pursuant to its First Tranche of the Share Buyback Program announced on March 16  2023  covering up to…,Weekly Report (March 24-30  2023) on the First Tranche of Stellantis Share Buyback ProgramAMSTERDAM  March 31  2023 - Stellantis N.V. (“Stellantis” or the “Company”) announced today that pursuant to its First Tranche of the Share Buyback Program announced on March 16  2023  covering up to €500 million to be executed in the open market during the period between March 17  2023 and June 19  2023  it has repurchased the following common shares in the period between March 24 up to and including March 30  2023:Date Number of Shares Repurchased Average Market Purchase Price in € per share Repurchased Volume in € (excluding fees) Venues 24.03.2023 95.000 € 15 8425 € 1.505.038 PARE 27.03.2023 91.939 € 16 2029 € 1.489.678 PARE 28.03.2023 92.000 € 16 3074 € 1.500.281 MILE 29.03.2023 155.000 € 16 3182 € 2.529.321 MILE 30.03.2023 155.000 € 16 5770 € 2.569.435 MILE Total 588.939 € 16 2899 € 9.593.753Since March 17  2023 up to and including March 30  2023  the Company has purchased a total of 1 198 740 common shares for a total consideration of € 19 371 403.As of March 30  2023  the Company held in treasury No. 70.324.284 common shares equal to 2.19% of the total issued share capital including the common shares and the special voting shares.A comprehensive overview of the transactions carried out under the buyback program  as well as the details of the above transactions  are available on Stellantis’ corporate website under the Share Buyback Program Section www.stellantis.com/en/investors/stock-and-shareholder-info/share-buyback-program .###About StellantisStellantis N.V. (NYSE: STLA / Euronext Milan: STLAM / Euronext Paris: STLAP) is one of the world's leading automakers and a mobility provider. Its storied and iconic brands embody the passion of their visionary founders and today’s customers in their innovative products and services  including Abarth  Alfa Romeo  Chrysler  Citroën  Dodge  DS Automobiles  Fiat  Jeep ®   Lancia  Maserati  Opel  Peugeot  Ram  Vauxhall  Free2move and Leasys. Powered by our diversity  we lead the way the world moves – aspiring to become the greatest sustainable mobility tech company  not the biggest  while creating added value for all stakeholders as well as the communities in which it operates. For more information  visit www.stellantis.com.@Stellantis Stellantis Stellantis StellantisFor more information  contact:Fernão SILVEIRA +31 6 43 25 43 41 – fernao.silveira@stellantis.comcommunications@stellantis.comwww.stellantis.comFORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTSThis communication contains forward-looking statements. In particular  statements regarding future events and anticipated results of operations  business strategies  the anticipated benefits of the proposed transaction  future financial and operating results  the anticipated closing date for the proposed transaction and other anticipated aspects of our operations or operating results are forward-looking statements. These statements may include terms such as “may”  “will”  “expect”  “could”  “should”  “intend”  “estimate”  “anticipate”  “believe”  “remain”  “on track”  “design”  “target”  “objective”  “goal”  “forecast”  “projection”  “outlook”  “prospects”  “plan”  or similar terms. Forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance. Rather  they are based on Stellantis’ current state of knowledge  future expectations and projections about future events and are by their nature  subject to inherent risks and uncertainties. They relate to events and depend on circumstances that may or may not occur or exist in the future and  as such  undue reliance should not be placed on them.Actual results may differ materially from those expressed in forward-looking statements as a result of a variety of factors  including: the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic  the ability of Stellantis to launch new products successfully and to maintain vehicle shipment volumes; changes in the global financial markets  general economic environment and changes in demand for automotive products  which is subject to cyclicality; changes in local economic and political conditions  changes in trade policy and the imposition of global and regional tariffs or tariffs targeted to the automotive industry  the enactment of tax reforms or other changes in tax laws and regulations; Stellantis’ ability to expand certain of their brands globally; its ability to offer innovative  attractive products; its ability to develop  manufacture and sell vehicles with advanced features including enhanced electrification  connectivity and autonomous-driving characteristics; various types of claims  lawsuits  governmental investigations and other contingencies  including product liability and warranty claims and environmental claims  investigations and lawsuits; material operating expenditures in relation to compliance with environmental  health and safety regulations; the intense level of competition in the automotive industry  which may increase due to consolidation; exposure to shortfalls in the funding of Stellantis’ defined benefit pension plans; the ability to provide or arrange for access to adequate financing for dealers and retail customers and associated risks related to the establishment and operations of financial services companies; the ability to access funding to execute Stellantis’ business plans and improve its businesses  financial condition and results of operations; a significant malfunction  disruption or security breach compromising information technology systems or the electronic control systems contained in Stellantis’ vehicles; Stellantis’ ability to realize anticipated benefits from joint venture arrangements; disruptions arising from political  social and economic instability; risks associated with our relationships with employees  dealers and suppliers; increases in costs  disruptions of supply or shortages of raw materials  parts  components and systems used in Stellantis’ vehicles; developments in labor and industrial relations and developments in applicable labor laws; exchange rate fluctuations  interest rate changes  credit risk and other market risks; political and civil unrest; earthquakes or other disasters; risks and other items described in the Company’s Annual Report on Form 20-F for he year ended December 31  2022 and Current Reports on Form 6-K and amendments thereto filed with the SEC; and other risks and uncertainties.Any forward-looking statements contained in this communication speak only as of the date of this document and Stellantis disclaims any obligation to update or revise publicly forward-looking statements. Further information concerning Stellantis and its businesses  including factors that could materially affect Stellantis’ financial results  is included in Stellantis’ reports and filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission and AFM.Attachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.14,0.16,0.7,True,English,"['Stellantis Share Buyback Program', 'Weekly Report', 'First Tranche', 'March', 'greatest sustainable mobility tech company', 'defined benefit pension plans', 'Average Market Purchase Price', 'Share Buyback Program Section', 'Stellantis Share Buyback Program', 'vehicle shipment volumes', 'general economic environment', 'material operating expenditures', 'special voting shares', 'Fernão SILVEIRA', 'other anticipated aspects', 'innovative, attractive products', 'Stellantis’ corporate website', 'global financial markets', 'Stellantis N.V.', 'mobility provider', 'open market', 'share capital', 'innovative products', 'Citroën', 'anticipated results', 'local economic', 'operating results', 'other contingencies', 'future financial', 'new products', 'automotive products', 'Weekly Report', 'First Tranche', 'common shares', 'treasury No.', 'comprehensive overview', 'Euronext Milan', 'Euronext Paris', 'leading automakers', 'visionary founders', 'Alfa Romeo', 'DS Automobiles', 'added value', 'business strategies', 'current state', 'inherent risks', 'undue reliance', 'Actual results', 'COVID-19 pandemic', 'political conditions', 'trade policy', 'automotive industry', 'tax reforms', 'tax laws', 'advanced features', 'autonomous-driving characteristics', 'various types', 'product liability', 'environmental, health', 'intense level', 'future performance', 'future expectations', 'FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS', 'warranty claims', 'environmental claims', 'other changes', 'total consideration', 'iconic brands', 'future events', 'closing date', 'similar terms', 'regional tariffs', 'safety regulations', 'Stellantis Stellantis', 'MILE Total', 'March', 'AMSTERDAM', 'period', 'June', 'Number', 'fees', 'Venues', 'PARE', 'transactions', 'details', 'investors', 'shareholder', 'buyback-program', 'NYSE', 'STLA', 'world', 'storied', 'passion', 'customers', 'services', 'Abarth', 'Chrysler', 'Dodge', 'Fiat', 'Jeep', 'Lancia', 'Maserati', 'Opel', 'Peugeot', 'Vauxhall', 'Free2move', 'Leasys', 'diversity', 'way', 'stakeholders', 'communities', 'information', 'fernao', 'communication', 'operations', 'benefits', 'may', 'track', 'design', 'target', 'objective', 'forecast', 'projection', 'outlook', 'prospects', 'guarantees', 'knowledge', 'nature', 'uncertainties', 'circumstances', 'variety', 'factors', 'impact', 'demand', 'cyclicality', 'enactment', 'vehicles', 'enhanced', 'electrification', 'connectivity', 'lawsuits', 'investigations', 'relation', 'compliance', 'competition', 'consolidation', 'exposure', 'shortfalls', 'funding']",2023-03-31,2023-04-01,marketscreener.com
21977,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.co.uk/news-releases/dsm---delivery-of-shares-301787289.html,DSM - delivery of shares,This is a press release by Koninklijke DSM N.V. (Royal DSM)  pursuant to the provisions of Sections 13 paragraphs 1 and 2 of the Dutch Decree on Public Takeover Bids (Besluit openbare biedingen Wft) (the Decree) in connection with the public offer by Danube A…,This is a press release by Koninklijke DSM N.V. (Royal DSM)  pursuant to the provisions of Sections 13 paragraphs 1 and 2 of the Dutch Decree on Public Takeover Bids (Besluit openbare biedingen Wft) (the Decree) in connection with the public offer by Danube AG (to be renamed DSM-Firmenich AG) for all the issued and outstanding ordinary shares in the capital of DSM (the Exchange Offer). This press release does not constitute an offer  or any solicitation of any offer  to buy or subscribe for any securities. This press release is not for general release  publication or distribution  in whole or in part  in or into  directly or indirectly  the United States or any other jurisdiction where such release  publication or distribution would violate applicable laws or regulations.HEERLEN  Netherlands  March 31  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- Following the Offering Circular published on 22 November 2022  Royal DSM is required to announce transactions relating to the ordinary shares in its capital in accordance with the Dutch public offer rules. This includes the delivery of treasury shares to employees in view of settling the vesting of share units or the exercise of stock options.Pursuant to commitments entered into prior to issuing the Offering Circular  DSM has on 31 March 2023  delivered 145 836 ordinary shares to employees in view of (i) settling the customary vesting of 139 161 share units that have been granted in 2020 subject to the respective DSM Incentive Plan and (ii) settling the exercise of 6 675 stock options granted under the respective DSM Incentive Plan (average exercise price €93.21). On the date hereof  the total number of issued and outstanding DSM ordinary shares is 173 340 108. As a consequence of the delivery included herein  the number of outstanding DSM ordinary shares increased by 0.0842%.DSMRoyal DSM is a global  purpose-led company in Health  Nutrition & Bioscience  applying science to improve the health of people  animals and the planet. DSM's purpose is to create brighter lives for all. DSM's products and solutions address some of the world's biggest challenges while simultaneously creating economic  environmental and societal value for all its stakeholders – customers  employees  shareholders  and society at large. The company was founded in 1902 and is listed on Euronext Amsterdam. More information can be found at www.dsm.com.Or find us on:LinkedIn: http://www.linkedin.com/company/3108Twitter: http://www.twitter.com/DSMFacebook: http://www.facebook.com/DSMcompanyYouTube: http://www.youtube.com/user/dsmcompanyFor more informationDSM Media Relations Gareth Mead tel. +31 (0) 45 5782420 email media.contacts@dsm.com DSM Investor Relations Dave Huizing tel. +31 (0) 45 5782864 email investor.relations@dsm.comForward-looking statementsThis press release may contain forward-looking statements with respect to DSM's future (financial) performance and position. Such statements are based on current expectations  estimates and projections of DSM and information currently available to the company. DSM cautions readers that such statements involve certain risks and uncertainties that are difficult to predict and therefore it should be understood that many factors can cause actual performance and position to differ materially from these statements. DSM has no obligation to update the statements contained in this press release  unless required by law. The English language version of the press release is leading.Logo - https://mma.prnewswire.com/media/329419/dsm_logo.jpgSOURCE Royal DSM,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,mixed,0.26,0.1,0.64,True,English,"['DSM', 'delivery', 'shares', 'DSM Media Relations Gareth Mead', 'DSM Investor Relations Dave Huizing', 'Koninklijke DSM N.V.', 'respective DSM Incentive Plan', 'Dutch public offer rules', 'outstanding DSM ordinary shares', 'outstanding ordinary shares', 'Public Takeover Bids', 'English language version', 'future (financial) performance', 'average exercise price', 'global, purpose-led company', 'SOURCE Royal DSM', '145,836 ordinary shares', 'treasury shares', 'Dutch Decree', 'actual performance', 'Sections 13 paragraphs', 'biedingen Wft', 'Danube AG', 'Exchange Offer', 'United States', 'other jurisdiction', 'applicable laws', 'Offering Circular', 'share units', 'stock options', 'brighter lives', 'biggest challenges', 'economic, environmental', 'societal value', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'current expectations', 'many factors', 'press release', 'general release', 'customary vesting', 'total number', 'Forward-looking statements', 'Such statements', 'More information', 'provisions', 'connection', 'capital', 'solicitation', 'securities', 'publication', 'distribution', 'part', 'regulations', 'HEERLEN', 'Netherlands', '22 November', 'transactions', 'accordance', 'delivery', 'employees', 'view', 'commitments', '31 March', 'date', 'consequence', 'Health', 'Nutrition', 'Bioscience', 'people', 'animals', 'planet', 'products', 'solutions', 'world', 'stakeholders', 'customers', 'shareholders', 'society', 'LinkedIn', 'Twitter', 'Facebook', 'DSMcompany', 'YouTube', 'position', 'estimates', 'projections', 'readers', 'risks', 'uncertainties', 'obligation', 'Logo']",2023-03-31,2023-04-01,prnewswire.co.uk
21978,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/03/31/2638887/0/en/Availability-of-the-Annual-Financial-Report-of-Societe-Generale-SCF.html,Availability of the Annual Financial Report of Societe Generale SCF,PRESS RELEASERegulated Information  Paris  31 March 2023  Availability of the Annual Financial Report of Societe Generale SCF  Societe Generale SCF......,French EnglishPRESS RELEASERegulated InformationParis  31 March 2023Availability of the Annual Financial Report of Societe Generale SCFSociete Generale SCF (“Société de Crédit Foncier”  Public Sector Loans) hereby informs the public that the Annual Financial Report for the period ended 31 December 2022  has been filed with the French Financial Markets Authority (AMF) on 31 March 2023.This document  available in French only  is made available to the public  free of charge  in accordance with the conditions provided for by the regulations in force and may be consulted in the “Societe Generale Public Sector Loans SCF / Regulated information” section of the Societe Generale group’s website (https://investors.societegenerale.com/en/financial-and-non-financial-information/debt-investors) and on the AMF’s website.Press contact :Jean-Baptiste Froville_+33 1 58 98 68 00_ jean-baptiste.froville@socgen.comFanny Rouby_+33 1 57 29 11 12_ fanny.rouby@socgen.comSociete Generale SCFSociete Generale SCF is a specialised credit institution (établissement de crédit spécialisé) with the status of société de crédit foncier  incorporated under French law on 8 December 2004 as a société anonyme à conseil d'administration. On 20 December 2007  it was authorised to act as a SCF (Société de Crédit Foncier) by the Credit Institutions and Investment Services Companies Commission (Comité des établissements de crédit et des entreprises d’investissement) (now the ACPR “Autorité de Contrôle Prudentiel et de Résolution »).Societe GeneraleSociete Generale is one of the leading European financial services groups. Based on a diversified and integrated banking model  the Group combines financial strength and proven expertise in innovation with a strategy of sustainable growth. Committed to the positive transformations of the world’s societies and economies  Societe Generale and its teams seek to build  day after day  together with its clients  a better and sustainable future through responsible and innovative financial solutions.Active in the real economy for over 150 years  with a solid position in Europe and connected to the rest of the world  Societe Generale has over 117 000 members of staff in 66 countries and supports on a daily basis 25 million individual clients  businesses and institutional investors around the world by offering a wide range of advisory services and tailored financial solutions. The Group is built on three complementary core businesses:French Retail Banking with the SG bank  resulting from the merger of the two Societe Generale and Crédit du Nord networks  and Boursorama. Each offers a full range of financial services with omnichannel products at the cutting edge of digital innovation;International Retail Banking  Insurance and Financial Services  with networks in Africa  Central and Eastern Europe and specialised businesses that are leaders in their markets;with networks in Africa  Central and Eastern Europe and specialised businesses that are leaders in their markets; Global Banking and Investor Solutions  which offers recognised expertise  key international locations and integrated solutions.Societe Generale is included in the principal socially responsible investment indices: DJSI (Europe)  FTSE4Good (Global and Europe)  Bloomberg Gender-Equality Index  Refinitiv Diversity and Inclusion Index  Euronext Vigeo (Europe and Eurozone)  STOXX Global ESG Leaders indexes  and the MSCI Low Carbon Leaders Index (World and Europe).In case of doubt regarding the authenticity of this press release  please go to the end of Societe Generale’s newsroom page where official Press Releases sent by Societe Generale can be certified using blockchain technology. A link will allow you to check the document’s legitimacy directly on the web page.For more information  you can follow us on Twitter @societegenerale or visit our website societegenerale.com.Attachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.01,0.47,0.53,True,English,"['Annual Financial Report', 'Societe Generale SCF', 'Availability', 'Société de Crédit Foncier', 'MSCI Low Carbon Leaders Index', 'leading European financial services groups', 'Societe Generale Public Sector Loans SCF', 'Crédit du Nord networks', 'Investment Services Companies Commission', 'socially responsible investment indices', 'three complementary core businesses', 'Global ESG Leaders indexes', 'French Financial Markets Authority', 'PRESS RELEASE Regulated Information', 'Bloomberg Gender-Equality Index', 'Annual Financial Report', 'Contrôle Prudentiel', 'key international locations', 'International Retail Banking', 'official Press Releases', 'Societe Generale SCF', 'innovative financial solutions', 'tailored financial solutions', 'two Societe Generale', 'integrated banking model', 'French Retail Banking', '25 million individual clients', 'specialised credit institution', 'Societe Generale group', 'établissements de', 'Inclusion Index', 'Global Banking', 'financial strength', 'advisory services', 'integrated solutions', 'Press contact', 'specialised businesses', 'Credit Institutions', 'Investor Solutions', 'French English', 'French law', 'Résolution', 'proven expertise', 'sustainable growth', 'positive transformations', 'sustainable future', 'real economy', 'solid position', 'daily basis', 'wide range', 'The Group', 'SG bank', 'full range', 'omnichannel products', 'cutting edge', 'recognised expertise', 'Refinitiv Diversity', 'Euronext Vigeo', 'newsroom page', 'blockchain technology', 'web page', 'Jean-Baptiste Froville', 'Fanny Rouby', 'institutional investors', 'digital innovation', 'Eastern Europe', 'Paris', '31 March', 'Availability', 'period', 'December', 'AMF', 'document', 'charge', 'accordance', 'conditions', 'regulations', 'force', 'section', 'website', 'societegenerale', 'debt-investors', 'socgen', 'status', 'conseil', 'administration', 'Comité', 'entreprises', 'investissement', 'ACPR', 'Autorité', 'diversified', 'strategy', 'world', 'societies', 'economies', 'teams', 'day', '150 years', 'rest', '117,000 members', 'staff', '66 countries', 'merger', 'Boursorama', 'Insurance', 'Africa', 'Central', 'DJSI', 'FTSE4Good', 'Eurozone', 'case', 'doubt', 'authenticity', 'link', 'legitimacy', 'Twitter', 'Attachment']",2023-03-31,2023-04-01,globenewswire.com
21979,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/03/31/2638374/34483/en/Cnova-N-V-2022-annual-report-release-and-2023-AGM-notice.html,Cnova N.V.: 2022 annual report release and 2023 AGM notice,CNOVA N.V.  Publishes 2022 Annual report and  Notice of the 2023 Annual General Meeting of Shareholders  Amsterdam – March 31  2023  08:30 CEST — Cnova......,"English FrenchCNOVA N.V.Publishes 2022 Annual report andNotice of the 2023 Annual General Meeting of ShareholdersAmsterdam – March 31  2023  08:30 CEST — Cnova N.V. (Euronext Paris: CNV; ISIN: NL0010949392) (“Cnova” or the “Company”) has published its annual financial report for the year ended December 31  2022. The report was filed with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets (Autoriteit Financiële Markten) and is available on the Company’s website  www.cnova.com.Cnova also today published the notice for its 2023 Annual General Meeting of Shareholders (the “AGM”) on its website at www.cnova.com. The AGM is to be held on Friday  May 26  2023  at 12:30 CEST  at Hilton Amsterdam Airport Schiphol Hotel located at Schiphol Boulevard 701  1118BN  in Schiphol  the Netherlands. As explained in the notice and the explanatory notes relating to the AGM  the agenda for the AGM  as proposed by the Company's Board of Directors (the ""Board"")  is as follows:Opening of the AGM Board report for the financial year 2022 (discussion item) Remuneration report for the financial year 2022 (advisory voting item) Allocation of results and dividend policy (discussion item) Adoption of the annual accounts for the financial year 2022 (voting item) Release from liability of the members of the Board with respect to the performance of their duties during the financial year 2022 (voting item) Instruction to KPMG Accountants N.V. for the external audit of the Company's annual accounts for the financial year 2023 (voting item) Reappointment of Mrs. Josseline de Clausade as Non-Executive Director (voting item) Reappointment of Mr. Christophe José Hidalgo as Non-Executive Director (voting item) Authorization of the Board to acquire ordinary shares in the capital of the Company (voting item) Delegation of the authority to issue ordinary shares and special voting shares and to grant rights to subscribe for such shares (voting item) Delegation of the authority to limit and exclude pre-emption rights in respect of any issue of ordinary shares or any granting of rights to subscribe for such shares (voting item) Questions Closing of the AGMThe AGM notice and agenda  the explanatory notes thereto  the 2022 Dutch Annual Report  as well as the proxy card forms are available at Cnova’s website at www.cnova.com.***About Cnova N.V.Cnova N.V.  the French ecommerce leader  serves 8.5 million active customers via its state-of-the-art website  Cdiscount. Cnova N.V.’s product offering provides its B2C clients with a wide variety of very competitively priced goods  fast and customer-convenient delivery options  practical and innovative payment solutions as well as travel  entertainment and domestic energy services. Cnova N.V. also serves B2B clients internationally through Octopia (Marketplace-as-a-Service solutions)  Cdiscount Advertising (advertising services for sellers and brands) and C-logistics (end-to-end logistic ecommerce solution). Cnova N.V. is part of Groupe Casino  a global diversified retailer. Cnova N.V.'s news releases are available at www.cnova.com. Information available on  or accessible through  the sites referenced above is not part of this press release.This press release contains regulated information (gereglementeerde informatie) within the meaning of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht) which must be made publicly available pursuant to Dutch and French law. This press release is intended for information purposes only.***Cnova Investor Relations Contact:investor@cnovagroup.comTel : +33 6 79 74 30 94HYPERLINK ""mailto:investor@cnovagroup.com""Media contact:directiondelacommunication@cdiscount.comTel: +33 6 18 33 17 86cdiscount@vae-solis.comTel: +33 6 17 76 79 71HYPERLINK ""mailto:directiondelacommunication@cdiscount.com""Attachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['Cnova N.V.', '2022 annual report release', '2023 AGM notice', 'Hilton Amsterdam Airport Schiphol Hotel', 'Autoriteit Financiële Markten', 'Mrs. Josseline de Clausade', 'Mr. Christophe José Hidalgo', 'KPMG Accountants N.V.', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'Cnova Investor Relations Contact', 'proxy card forms', '8.5 million active customers', 'customer-convenient delivery options', 'logistic ecommerce solution', 'global diversified retailer', 'CNOVA N.V.', '2023 Annual General Meeting', 'innovative payment solutions', 'French ecommerce leader', 'domestic energy services', 'special voting shares', '2022 Dutch Annual Report', 'annual financial report', 'advisory voting item', 'AGM Board report', 'The AGM notice', 'Media contact', '2022 Annual report', 'Schiphol Boulevard', 'annual accounts', 'Service solutions', 'Financial Markets', 'English French', 'Remuneration report', 'French law', 'financial year', 'Euronext Paris', 'explanatory notes', 'external audit', 'Non-Executive Director', 'Questions Closing', 'B2C clients', 'wide variety', 'B2B clients', 'Groupe Casino', 'news releases', 'financieel toezicht', 'Dutch Authority', 'ordinary shares', 'press release', 'regulated information', 'information purposes', 'Cdiscount Advertising', 'pre-emption rights', 'art website', 'discussion item', 'Shareholders', 'March', '30 CEST', 'CNV', 'Company', 'Friday', 'May', 'Netherlands', 'agenda', 'Directors', 'Opening', 'Allocation', 'results', 'policy', 'Adoption', 'liability', 'members', 'respect', 'performance', 'duties', 'Instruction', 'Reappointment', 'Authorization', 'capital', 'Delegation', 'issue', 'granting', 'state', 'product', 'fast', 'practical', 'travel', 'entertainment', 'Octopia', 'sellers', 'brands', 'C-logistics', 'part', 'sites', 'informatie', 'meaning', 'cnovagroup', 'HYPERLINK', 'mailto', 'directiondelacommunication', 'solis', 'Attachment', '08']",2023-03-31,2023-04-01,globenewswire.com
21980,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/03/31/2638905/0/en/Availability-of-the-Annual-Financial-Report-of-Societe-Generale-SFH.html,Availability of the Annual Financial Report of Societe Generale SFH,PRESS RELEASE     Regulated Information  Paris  31 March 2023     Availability of the Annual Financial Report of Societe Generale SFH     Societe...,French EnglishPRESS RELEASERegulated InformationParis  31 March 2023Availability of the Annual Financial Report of Societe Generale SFHSociete Generale SFH (“Société de Financement de l’Habitat”  Home Loans SFH) hereby informs the public that the Annual Financial Report for the period ended 31 December 2022 has been filed with the French Financial Markets Authority (AMF) on 31 March 2023.This document  available in French only  is made available to the public  free of charge  in accordance with the conditions provided for by the regulations in force and may be consulted in the “Societe Generale Home Loans SFH / Regulated information” section of the Societe Generale group’s website ( https://investors.societegenerale.com/en/financial-and-non-financial-information/debt-investors ) and on the AMF’s website.Press contact :Jean-Baptiste Froville_+33 1 58 98 68 00_ jean-baptiste.froville@socgen.comFanny Rouby_+33 1 57 29 11 12_ fanny.rouby@socgen.comSociete Generale SFHSociete Generale SFH is a specialised credit institution (établissement de crédit spécialisé) having opted for the status of société de financement de l’habitat  incorporated under French law on 21 February 2003 as a société anonyme à conseil d'administration. On 28 March 2011  it was authorised to act as a SFH (Société de Financement de l’Habitat) by the ACPR ( Autorité de Contrôle Prudentiel et de Résolution).Societe GeneraleSociete Generale is one of the leading European financial services groups. Based on a diversified and integrated banking model  the Group combines financial strength and proven expertise in innovation with a strategy of sustainable growth. Committed to the positive transformations of the world’s societies and economies  Societe Generale and its teams seek to build  day after day  together with its clients  a better and sustainable future through responsible and innovative financial solutions.Active in the real economy for over 150 years  with a solid position in Europe and connected to the rest of the world  Societe Generale has over 117 000 members of staff in 66 countries and supports on a daily basis 25 million individual clients  businesses and institutional investors around the world by offering a wide range of advisory services and tailored financial solutions. The Group is built on three complementary core businesses:French Retail Banking with the SG bank  resulting from the merger of the two Societe Generale and Crédit du Nord networks  and Boursorama. Each offers a full range of financial services with omnichannel products at the cutting edge of digital innovation;with the SG bank  resulting from the merger of the two Societe Generale and Crédit du Nord networks  and Boursorama. Each offers a full range of financial services with omnichannel products at the cutting edge of digital innovation; International Retail Banking  Insurance and Financial Services  with networks in Africa  Central and Eastern Europe and specialised businesses that are leaders in their markets;with networks in Africa  Central and Eastern Europe and specialised businesses that are leaders in their markets; Global Banking and Investor Solutions  which offers recognised expertise  key international locations and integrated solutions.Societe Generale is included in the principal socially responsible investment indices: DJSI (Europe)  FTSE4Good (Global and Europe)  Bloomberg Gender-Equality Index  Refinitiv Diversity and Inclusion Index  Euronext Vigeo (Europe and Eurozone)  STOXX Global ESG Leaders indexes  and the MSCI Low Carbon Leaders Index (World and Europe).In case of doubt regarding the authenticity of this press release  please go to the end of Societe Generale’s newsroom page where official Press Releases sent by Societe Generale can be certified using blockchain technology. A link will allow you to check the document’s legitimacy directly on the web page.For more information  you can follow us on Twitter @societegenerale or visit our website societegenerale.com .Attachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.28,0.72,True,English,"['Annual Financial Report', 'Societe Generale SFH', 'Availability', 'MSCI Low Carbon Leaders Index', 'Crédit du Nord networks', 'leading European financial services groups', 'Societe Generale Home Loans SFH', 'de Contrôle Prudentiel', 'socially responsible investment indices', 'three complementary core businesses', 'Global ESG Leaders indexes', 'French Financial Markets Authority', 'PRESS RELEASE Regulated Information', 'Bloomberg Gender-Equality Index', 'key international locations', 'Annual Financial Report', 'International Retail Banking', 'official Press Releases', 'innovative financial solutions', 'tailored financial solutions', 'specialised credit institution', 'Societe Generale SFH', 'two Societe Generale', 'integrated banking model', 'French Retail Banking', 'Société de', '25 million individual clients', 'Societe Generale group', 'Inclusion Index', 'Global Banking', 'établissement de', 'integrated solutions', 'financial strength', 'Press contact', 'advisory services', 'specialised businesses', 'Investor Solutions', 'French English', 'French law', 'Résolution', 'proven expertise', 'sustainable growth', 'positive transformations', 'sustainable future', 'real economy', 'solid position', 'daily basis', 'wide range', 'The Group', 'SG bank', 'full range', 'omnichannel products', 'cutting edge', 'recognised expertise', 'Refinitiv Diversity', 'Euronext Vigeo', 'newsroom page', 'blockchain technology', 'web page', 'digital innovation', 'Jean-Baptiste Froville', 'Fanny Rouby', 'institutional investors', 'Eastern Europe', 'Paris', '31 March', 'Availability', 'Financement', 'Habitat', 'public', 'period', 'December', 'AMF', 'document', 'charge', 'accordance', 'conditions', 'regulations', 'force', 'section', 'website', 'societegenerale', 'financial-information', 'debt-investors', 'socgen', 'status', '21 February', 'conseil', 'administration', '28 March', 'ACPR', 'diversified', 'strategy', 'world', 'societies', 'economies', 'teams', 'day', '150 years', 'rest', '117,000 members', 'staff', '66 countries', 'merger', 'Boursorama', 'Insurance', 'Africa', 'Central', 'DJSI', 'FTSE4Good', 'Eurozone', 'case', 'doubt', 'authenticity', 'link', 'legitimacy', 'Twitter', 'Attachment']",2023-03-31,2023-04-01,globenewswire.com
21981,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/CNOVA-N-V-20366366/news/Cnova-N-V-2022-annual-report-release-and-2023-AGM-notice-43388668/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230331,Cnova N.V.: 2022 annual report release and 2023 AGM notice,(marketscreener.com) CNOVA N.V. Publishes 2022 Annual report and Notice of the 2023 Annual General Meeting of Shareholders Amsterdam – March 31  2023  08:30 CEST — Cnova N.V. has published its annual financial report for the year ended December 31  2022. The …,"CNOVA N.V.Publishes 2022 Annual report andNotice of the 2023 Annual General Meeting of ShareholdersAmsterdam – March 31  2023  08:30 CEST — Cnova N.V. (Euronext Paris: CNV; ISIN: NL0010949392) (“Cnova” or the “Company”) has published its annual financial report for the year ended December 31  2022. The report was filed with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets (Autoriteit Financiële Markten) and is available on the Company’s website  www.cnova.com.Cnova also today published the notice for its 2023 Annual General Meeting of Shareholders (the “AGM”) on its website at www.cnova.com. The AGM is to be held on Friday  May 26  2023  at 12:30 CEST  at Hilton Amsterdam Airport Schiphol Hotel located at Schiphol Boulevard 701  1118BN  in Schiphol  the Netherlands. As explained in the notice and the explanatory notes relating to the AGM  the agenda for the AGM  as proposed by the Company's Board of Directors (the ""Board"")  is as follows:Opening of the AGM Board report for the financial year 2022 (discussion item) Remuneration report for the financial year 2022 (advisory voting item) Allocation of results and dividend policy (discussion item) Adoption of the annual accounts for the financial year 2022 (voting item) Release from liability of the members of the Board with respect to the performance of their duties during the financial year 2022 (voting item) Instruction to KPMG Accountants N.V. for the external audit of the Company's annual accounts for the financial year 2023 (voting item) Reappointment of Mrs. Josseline de Clausade as Non-Executive Director (voting item) Reappointment of Mr. Christophe José Hidalgo as Non-Executive Director (voting item) Authorization of the Board to acquire ordinary shares in the capital of the Company (voting item) Delegation of the authority to issue ordinary shares and special voting shares and to grant rights to subscribe for such shares (voting item) Delegation of the authority to limit and exclude pre-emption rights in respect of any issue of ordinary shares or any granting of rights to subscribe for such shares (voting item) Questions Closing of the AGMThe AGM notice and agenda  the explanatory notes thereto  the 2022 Dutch Annual Report  as well as the proxy card forms are available at Cnova’s website at www.cnova.com.***About Cnova N.V.Cnova N.V.  the French ecommerce leader  serves 8.5 million active customers via its state-of-the-art website  Cdiscount. Cnova N.V.’s product offering provides its B2C clients with a wide variety of very competitively priced goods  fast and customer-convenient delivery options  practical and innovative payment solutions as well as travel  entertainment and domestic energy services. Cnova N.V. also serves B2B clients internationally through Octopia (Marketplace-as-a-Service solutions)  Cdiscount Advertising (advertising services for sellers and brands) and C-logistics (end-to-end logistic ecommerce solution). Cnova N.V. is part of Groupe Casino  a global diversified retailer. Cnova N.V.'s news releases are available at www.cnova.com. Information available on  or accessible through  the sites referenced above is not part of this press release.This press release contains regulated information (gereglementeerde informatie) within the meaning of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht) which must be made publicly available pursuant to Dutch and French law. This press release is intended for information purposes only.***Cnova Investor Relations Contact:investor@cnovagroup.comTel : +33 6 79 74 30 94HYPERLINK ""mailto:investor@cnovagroup.com""Media contact:directiondelacommunication@cdiscount.comTel: +33 6 18 33 17 86cdiscount@vae-solis.comTel: +33 6 17 76 79 71HYPERLINK ""mailto:directiondelacommunication@cdiscount.com""Attachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['Cnova N.V.', '2022 annual report release', '2023 AGM notice', 'Hilton Amsterdam Airport Schiphol Hotel', 'Autoriteit Financiële Markten', 'Mrs. Josseline de Clausade', 'Mr. Christophe José Hidalgo', 'KPMG Accountants N.V.', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'Cnova Investor Relations Contact', 'proxy card forms', '8.5 million active customers', 'customer-convenient delivery options', 'logistic ecommerce solution', 'global diversified retailer', 'CNOVA N.V.', '2023 Annual General Meeting', 'French ecommerce leader', 'innovative payment solutions', 'domestic energy services', 'special voting shares', '2022 Dutch Annual Report', 'annual financial report', 'advisory voting item', 'AGM Board report', 'The AGM notice', 'Media contact', '2022 Annual report', 'Schiphol Boulevard', 'annual accounts', 'Service solutions', 'advertising services', 'French law', 'Financial Markets', 'Remuneration report', 'financial year', 'Euronext Paris', 'explanatory notes', 'external audit', 'Non-Executive Director', 'Questions Closing', 'B2C clients', 'wide variety', 'B2B clients', 'Groupe Casino', 'news releases', 'financieel toezicht', 'Dutch Authority', 'ordinary shares', 'press release', 'regulated information', 'information purposes', 'Cdiscount Advertising', 'pre-emption rights', 'art website', 'discussion item', 'Shareholders', 'March', '08:30 CEST', 'CNV', 'Company', 'Friday', 'May', '12:30 CEST', 'Netherlands', 'agenda', 'Directors', 'Opening', 'Allocation', 'results', 'policy', 'Adoption', 'liability', 'members', 'respect', 'performance', 'duties', 'Instruction', 'Reappointment', 'Authorization', 'capital', 'Delegation', 'issue', 'granting', 'state', 'product', 'fast', 'practical', 'travel', 'entertainment', 'Octopia', 'sellers', 'brands', 'C-logistics', 'part', 'sites', 'informatie', 'meaning', 'cnovagroup', 'HYPERLINK', 'mailto', 'directiondelacommunication', 'solis', 'Attachment', '33']",2023-03-31,2023-04-01,marketscreener.com
21982,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/tetragon-financial-group-limited-february-2023-monthly-factsheet-301785972.html,Tetragon Financial Group Limited February 2023 Monthly Factsheet,LONDON  March 31  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- Tetragon has released its Monthly Factsheet for February 2023. - Net Asset Value: $2 794m - Fully Diluted NAV Per Share: $29.96 - Share Price (TFG NA): $9.80 - Monthly NAV per share total return: -0.7% - Monthly Return o…,LONDON  March 31  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- Tetragon has released its Monthly Factsheet for February 2023.- Net Asset Value: $2 794m- Fully Diluted NAV Per Share: $29.96- Share Price (TFG NA): $9.80- Monthly NAV per share total return: -0.7%- Monthly Return on Equity: -0.5%- Most recent quarterly dividend: $0.11- Dividend yield: 4.5%Please refer to important disclosures on page three of the Monthly Factsheet.Please click below to access the Monthly Factsheet.February 2023 FactsheetAbout Tetragon:Tetragon is a Guernsey closed-ended investment company. Its non-voting shares are listed on Euronext in Amsterdam  a regulated market of Euronext Amsterdam N.V.  and also traded on the Specialist Fund Segment of the Main Market of the London Stock Exchange. Our investment manager is Tetragon Financial Management LP. Find out more at www.tetragoninv.com.Tetragon Investor Relations:Yuko Thomas[email protected]Press Inquiries:Prosek Partners[email protected]U.K. +44 20 3890 9193U.S. +1 212 279 3115This release does not contain or constitute an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to purchase securities in the United States or any other jurisdiction. The securities of Tetragon have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933 and may not be offered or sold in the United States or to U.S. persons unless they are registered under applicable law or exempt from registration. Tetragon does not intend to register any portion of its securities in the United States or to conduct a public offer of securities in the United States. In addition  Tetragon has not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Investment Company Act of 1940  and investors will not be entitled to the benefits of such Act. Tetragon is registered in the public register of the Netherlands Authority for the Financial Markets under Section 1:107 of the Financial Markets Supervision Act as a collective investment scheme from a designated country.SOURCE Tetragon Financial Group Limited,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.0,0.97,0.03,True,English,"['Tetragon Financial Group Limited', 'February', 'Factsheet', 'SOURCE Tetragon Financial Group Limited', 'U.S. Investment Company Act', 'Guernsey closed-ended investment company', 'Financial Markets Supervision Act', 'Tetragon Financial Management LP', 'Euronext Amsterdam N.V.', 'U.S. Securities Act', 'U.S. persons', 'collective investment scheme', 'Net Asset Value', 'Specialist Fund Segment', 'recent quarterly dividend', 'London Stock Exchange', 'Tetragon Investor Relations', 'share total return', 'investment manager', 'U.K.', 'Dividend yield', 'Share Price', 'TFG NA', 'important disclosures', 'voting shares', 'regulated market', 'Main Market', 'Yuko Thomas', 'Press Inquiries', 'Prosek Partners', 'United States', 'other jurisdiction', 'applicable law', 'public register', 'Netherlands Authority', 'public offer', 'March', 'PRNewswire', 'Factsheet', 'February', 'NAV', 'Equity', 'page', 'release', 'solicitation', 'registration', 'portion', 'addition', 'investors', 'benefits', 'Section', 'country']",2023-03-31,2023-04-01,prnewswire.com
21983,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/BIOCARTIS-GROUP-NV-22033639/news/Press-release-Biocartis-Group-NV-Disclosure-of-Outstanding-Voting-Securities-43395137/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230331,Press release Biocartis Group NV: Disclosure of Outstanding Voting Securities,(marketscreener.com) PRESS RELEASE - REGULATED INFORMATION     31 March 2023  17:40 CEST Disclosure of Outstanding Voting Securities Mechelen  Belgium  31 March 2023 – Biocartis Group NV   an innovative molecular diagnostics company   today announces that in …,"PRESS RELEASE - REGULATED INFORMATION31 March 2023  17:40 CESTDisclosure of Outstanding Voting SecuritiesMechelen  Belgium  31 March 2023 – Biocartis Group NV (the ""Company"" or ""Biocartis"")  an innovative molecular diagnostics company (Euronext Brussels: BCART)  today announces that in the course of March 2023 4.50% convertible bonds due 2026 in a principal amount of EUR 900 were converted into shares of the Company against the issuance of 812 shares of the Company.In view hereof  and in accordance with article 15 of the Belgian Act of 2 May 2007 on the disclosure of major shareholdings in issuers of which shares are admitted to trading on a regulated market and laying down miscellaneous provisions  the outstanding share capital and outstanding voting securities of the Company can be summarized as follows:Total outstanding share capital: EUR 931 044.62;Total outstanding voting securities: 93 104 462;Total outstanding voting rights: 93 104 462;Shares that can still be issued upon exercise of share options (each share option having the form of a subscription right): 9 338 069 shares (each share entailing one voting right)  of which: 44 986 shares can be issued upon the exercise of 44 986 outstanding share options that are still outstanding under the '2013 Plan' for employees  consultants and management members of the Company  entitling the holders thereof to acquire one new share per option; 82 758 shares can be issued upon the exercise of 82 758 outstanding share options that are still outstanding under the '2015 Plan' for employees  consultants  management members and directors of the Company  entitling the holders thereof to acquire one new share per option; 314 611 shares can be issued upon the exercise of 314 611 outstanding share options that are still outstanding under the '2018 Plan' for (mainly) certain selected employees of the Company and its subsidiaries  as well as for consultants of the Company and its subsidiaries  independent directors of the Company and directors of the Company's subsidiaries  entitling the holders thereof to acquire one new share per option; 144 947 shares can be issued upon the exercise of 144 947 outstanding share options that are still outstanding under the '2020 Plan' for members of the personnel of the Company and/or its subsidiaries  entitling the holders thereof to acquire one new share per option; 540 000 shares can be issued upon the exercise of 540 000 outstanding share options that are still outstanding under the '2020B Plan' for members of the executive management of the Company  entitling the holders thereof to acquire one new share per option; and 8 210 767 shares can be issued upon the exercise of 8 210 767 outstanding share options that are still outstanding under the '2023 Plan' for members of the personnel and members of the executive management of the Company and/or its subsidiaries  entitling the holders thereof to acquire one new share per option.In addition  new shares in the Company are issuable pursuant to the terms of: The First Lien Loan Agreement  pursuant to which a (rounded) principal amount of EUR 29 8 million (it being understood that certain additional amounts can become available under the loan facility in extraordinary circumstances) (to be increased with applicable interest and redemption amounts) can be settled into new shares of the Company (through a contribution in kind of receivables) at an issue price equal to 90% of the highest of (x) the volume weighted average trading price of the Company's shares on the trading day immediately preceding the date on which the notice of the relevant contribution in kind has been received by the Company  and (y) EUR 0.90 per share (i.e.  a floor price that is 20% higher than the price against which shares were issued in the framework of the capital increase through the offering of new shares (with extra-legal preferential rights for existing shareholders) that has been closed on 2 December 2022 (EUR 0.75 per share)) (subject to certain adjustments); The outstanding 4.00% convertible bonds due 2027 pursuant to which a remaining principal amount of EUR 15 055 200 (which may be increased from time to time pursuant to the payment of interest in kind) can be converted into new shares at a conversion price of EUR 12.8913 per share (subject to customary adjustments); and The outstanding 4.50% convertible bonds due 2026 pursuant to which a remaining principal amount of EUR 116 761 500 (to be increased with applicable interests) can be converted into new shares at a conversion price of EUR 1.125 per share (i.e.  a floor price that is 50% higher than the price against which shares were issued in the framework of the capital increase through the offering of new shares (with extra-legal preferential rights for existing shareholders) that has been closed on 2 December 2022 (EUR 0.75 per share)) (subject to customary adjustments).Pursuant to the Belgian Act and the articles of association of the Company  a notification to the Company and the Belgian Financial Services and Markets Authority (FSMA) is required by all natural and legal persons in each case where the percentage of voting rights attached to the securities held by such persons in the Company reaches  exceeds or falls below the threshold of 3%  5%  10%  and every subsequent multiple of 5%  of the total number of voting rights in the Company.Unless further updates are required on an ad hoc basis pursuant to applicable law or otherwise  the Company will issue a press release at the end of each month with an update on further conversions and outstanding voting securities (if any changes occurred during the relevant month).--- END ---More information:e-mail ir@biocartis.com@Biocartis_www.linkedin.com/BiocartisAbout BiocartisWith its revolutionary and proprietary Idylla™ platform  Biocartis (Euronext Brussels: BCART) aspires to enable personalized medicine for patients around the world through universal access to molecular testing  by making molecular testing actionable  convenient  fast and suitable for any lab. The Idylla™ platform is a fully automated sample-to-result  real-time PCR (Polymerase Chain Reaction) based system designed to offer in-house access to accurate molecular information in a minimum amount of time for faster  informed treatment decisions. Idylla™'s continuously expanding menu of molecular diagnostic tests address key unmet clinical needs  with a focus in oncology. This is the fastest growing segment of the molecular diagnostics market worldwide. Today  Biocartis offers tests supporting melanoma  colorectal  lung and liver cancer  as well as for COVID-19  Flu  RSV and sepsis. For more information  visit www.biocartis.com or follow Biocartis on Twitter @Biocartis_   Facebook or LinkedIn.Biocartis and Idylla™ are registered trademarks in Europe  the United States and other countries. The Biocartis and Idylla™ trademark and logo are used trademarks owned by Biocartis. Please refer to the product labeling for applicable intended uses for each individual Biocartis product.This press release is not for distribution  directly or indirectly  in any jurisdiction where to do so would be unlawful. Any persons reading this press release should inform themselves of and observe any such restrictions. Biocartis takes no responsibility for any violation of any such restrictions by any person. This press release does not constitute an offer or invitation for the sale or purchase of securities in any jurisdiction. No securities of Biocartis may be offered or sold in the United States of America absent registration with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission or an exemption from registration under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933  as amended.Forward-looking statementsCertain statements  beliefs and opinions in this press release are forward-looking  which reflect the Company's or  as appropriate  the Company directors' or managements' current expectations and projections concerning future events such as the Company's results of operations  financial condition  liquidity  performance  prospects  growth  strategies and the industry in which the Company operates. By their nature  forward-looking statements involve a number of risks  uncertainties  assumptions and other factors that could cause actual results or events to differ materially from those expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. These risks  uncertainties  assumptions and factors could adversely affect the outcome and financial effects of the plans and events described herein. A multitude of factors including  but not limited to  changes in demand  competition and technology  can cause actual events  performance or results to differ significantly from any anticipated development. Forward-looking statements contained in this press release regarding past trends or activities are not guarantees of future performance and should not be taken as a representation that such trends or activities will continue in the future. In addition  even if actual results or developments are consistent with the forward-looking statements contained in this press release  those results or developments may not be indicative of results or developments in future periods. No representations and warranties are made as to the accuracy or fairness of such forward-looking statements. As a result  the Company expressly disclaims any obligation or undertaking to release any updates or revisions to any forward-looking statements in this press release as a result of any change in expectations or any change in events  conditions  assumptions or circumstances on which these forward-looking statements are based  except if specifically required to do so by law or regulation. Neither the Company nor its advisers or representatives nor any of its subsidiary undertakings or any such person's officers or employees guarantees that the assumptions underlying such forward-looking statements are free from errors nor does either accept any responsibility for the future accuracy of the forward-looking statements contained in this press release or the actual occurrence of the forecasted developments. You should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements  which speak only as of the date of this press release.",neutral,0.16,0.84,0.0,positive,0.84,0.15,0.01,True,English,"['Biocartis Group NV', 'Outstanding Voting Securities', 'Press release', 'Disclosure', 'The First Lien Loan Agreement', 'Total outstanding voting securities', 'Total outstanding voting rights', 'innovative molecular diagnostics company', 'Total outstanding share capital', 'extra-legal preferential rights', 'one voting right', 'outstanding 4.00% convertible bonds', 'outstanding 4.50% convertible bonds', '44,986 outstanding share options', '82,758 outstanding share options', '314,611 outstanding share options', '144,947 outstanding share options', '540,000 outstanding share options', '8,210,767 outstanding share options', 'Belgian Financial Services', 'Biocartis Group NV', 'remaining principal amount', 'one new share', 'average trading price', 'loan facility', 'capital increase', 'subscription right', 'trading day', 'Belgian Act', 'PRESS RELEASE', 'REGULATED INFORMATION', 'Euronext Brussels', 'major shareholdings', 'regulated market', 'miscellaneous provisions', 'executive management', 'additional amounts', 'extraordinary circumstances', 'redemption amounts', 'existing shareholders', 'applicable interests', 'Markets Authority', 'issue price', 'floor price', 'conversion price', 'new shares', 'customary adjustments', 'relevant contribution', 'management members', 'independent directors', '2020B Plan', '812 shares', '9,338,069 shares', '44,986 shares', '82,758 shares', '314,611 shares', '144,947 shares', '540,000 shares', '8,210,767 shares', '2013 Plan', '2015 Plan', '2018 Plan', '2020 Plan', '2023 Plan', '31 March', 'CEST', 'Disclosure', 'Mechelen', 'Belgium', 'BCART', 'course', 'issuance', 'view', 'accordance', 'article', '2 May', 'issuers', 'exercise', 'employees', 'consultants', 'subsidiaries', 'personnel', 'terms', 'rounded', 'kind', 'receivables', 'date', 'notice', 'framework', 'offering', '2 December', 'time', 'payment', 'association', 'notification', 'FSMA']",2023-03-31,2023-04-01,marketscreener.com
21984,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/03/31/2638871/0/en/Press-release-Biocartis-Group-NV-Disclosure-of-Outstanding-Voting-Securities.html,Press release Biocartis Group NV: Disclosure of Outstanding Voting Securities,PRESS RELEASE - REGULATED INFORMATION      31 March 2023  17:40 CEST  Disclosure of Outstanding Voting Securities  Mechelen  Belgium  31 March 2023 –......,"English DutchPRESS RELEASE - REGULATED INFORMATION31 March 2023  17:40 CESTDisclosure of Outstanding Voting SecuritiesMechelen  Belgium  31 March 2023 – Biocartis Group NV (the ""Company"" or ""Biocartis"")  an innovative molecular diagnostics company (Euronext Brussels: BCART)  today announces that in the course of March 2023 4.50% convertible bonds due 2026 in a principal amount of EUR 900 were converted into shares of the Company against the issuance of 812 shares of the Company.In view hereof  and in accordance with article 15 of the Belgian Act of 2 May 2007 on the disclosure of major shareholdings in issuers of which shares are admitted to trading on a regulated market and laying down miscellaneous provisions  the outstanding share capital and outstanding voting securities of the Company can be summarized as follows:Total outstanding share capital: EUR 931 044.62;Total outstanding voting securities: 93 104 462;Total outstanding voting rights: 93 104 462;Shares that can still be issued upon exercise of share options (each share option having the form of a subscription right): 9 338 069 shares (each share entailing one voting right)  of which: 44 986 shares can be issued upon the exercise of 44 986 outstanding share options that are still outstanding under the '2013 Plan' for employees  consultants and management members of the Company  entitling the holders thereof to acquire one new share per option; 82 758 shares can be issued upon the exercise of 82 758 outstanding share options that are still outstanding under the '2015 Plan' for employees  consultants  management members and directors of the Company  entitling the holders thereof to acquire one new share per option; 314 611 shares can be issued upon the exercise of 314 611 outstanding share options that are still outstanding under the '2018 Plan' for (mainly) certain selected employees of the Company and its subsidiaries  as well as for consultants of the Company and its subsidiaries  independent directors of the Company and directors of the Company's subsidiaries  entitling the holders thereof to acquire one new share per option; 144 947 shares can be issued upon the exercise of 144 947 outstanding share options that are still outstanding under the '2020 Plan' for members of the personnel of the Company and/or its subsidiaries  entitling the holders thereof to acquire one new share per option; 540 000 shares can be issued upon the exercise of 540 000 outstanding share options that are still outstanding under the '2020B Plan' for members of the executive management of the Company  entitling the holders thereof to acquire one new share per option; and 8 210 767 shares can be issued upon the exercise of 8 210 767 outstanding share options that are still outstanding under the '2023 Plan' for members of the personnel and members of the executive management of the Company and/or its subsidiaries  entitling the holders thereof to acquire one new share per option.In addition  new shares in the Company are issuable pursuant to the terms of: The First Lien Loan Agreement  pursuant to which a (rounded) principal amount of EUR 29 8 million (it being understood that certain additional amounts can become available under the loan facility in extraordinary circumstances) (to be increased with applicable interest and redemption amounts) can be settled into new shares of the Company (through a contribution in kind of receivables) at an issue price equal to 90% of the highest of (x) the volume weighted average trading price of the Company's shares on the trading day immediately preceding the date on which the notice of the relevant contribution in kind has been received by the Company  and (y) EUR 0.90 per share (i.e.  a floor price that is 20% higher than the price against which shares were issued in the framework of the capital increase through the offering of new shares (with extra-legal preferential rights for existing shareholders) that has been closed on 2 December 2022 (EUR 0.75 per share)) (subject to certain adjustments); The outstanding 4.00% convertible bonds due 2027 pursuant to which a remaining principal amount of EUR 15 055 200 (which may be increased from time to time pursuant to the payment of interest in kind) can be converted into new shares at a conversion price of EUR 12.8913 per share (subject to customary adjustments); and The outstanding 4.50% convertible bonds due 2026 pursuant to which a remaining principal amount of EUR 116 761 500 (to be increased with applicable interests) can be converted into new shares at a conversion price of EUR 1.125 per share (i.e.  a floor price that is 50% higher than the price against which shares were issued in the framework of the capital increase through the offering of new shares (with extra-legal preferential rights for existing shareholders) that has been closed on 2 December 2022 (EUR 0.75 per share)) (subject to customary adjustments).Pursuant to the Belgian Act and the articles of association of the Company  a notification to the Company and the Belgian Financial Services and Markets Authority (FSMA) is required by all natural and legal persons in each case where the percentage of voting rights attached to the securities held by such persons in the Company reaches  exceeds or falls below the threshold of 3%  5%  10%  and every subsequent multiple of 5%  of the total number of voting rights in the Company.Unless further updates are required on an ad hoc basis pursuant to applicable law or otherwise  the Company will issue a press release at the end of each month with an update on further conversions and outstanding voting securities (if any changes occurred during the relevant month).--- END ---More information:e-mail ir@biocartis.com@Biocartis_www.linkedin.com/BiocartisAbout BiocartisWith its revolutionary and proprietary Idylla™ platform  Biocartis (Euronext Brussels: BCART) aspires to enable personalized medicine for patients around the world through universal access to molecular testing  by making molecular testing actionable  convenient  fast and suitable for any lab. The Idylla™ platform is a fully automated sample-to-result  real-time PCR (Polymerase Chain Reaction) based system designed to offer in-house access to accurate molecular information in a minimum amount of time for faster  informed treatment decisions. Idylla™'s continuously expanding menu of molecular diagnostic tests address key unmet clinical needs  with a focus in oncology. This is the fastest growing segment of the molecular diagnostics market worldwide. Today  Biocartis offers tests supporting melanoma  colorectal  lung and liver cancer  as well as for COVID-19  Flu  RSV and sepsis. For more information  visit www.biocartis.com or follow Biocartis on Twitter @Biocartis_   Facebook or LinkedIn.Biocartis and Idylla™ are registered trademarks in Europe  the United States and other countries. The Biocartis and Idylla™ trademark and logo are used trademarks owned by Biocartis. Please refer to the product labeling for applicable intended uses for each individual Biocartis product.This press release is not for distribution  directly or indirectly  in any jurisdiction where to do so would be unlawful. Any persons reading this press release should inform themselves of and observe any such restrictions. Biocartis takes no responsibility for any violation of any such restrictions by any person. This press release does not constitute an offer or invitation for the sale or purchase of securities in any jurisdiction. No securities of Biocartis may be offered or sold in the United States of America absent registration with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission or an exemption from registration under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933  as amended.Forward-looking statementsCertain statements  beliefs and opinions in this press release are forward-looking  which reflect the Company's or  as appropriate  the Company directors' or managements' current expectations and projections concerning future events such as the Company's results of operations  financial condition  liquidity  performance  prospects  growth  strategies and the industry in which the Company operates. By their nature  forward-looking statements involve a number of risks  uncertainties  assumptions and other factors that could cause actual results or events to differ materially from those expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. These risks  uncertainties  assumptions and factors could adversely affect the outcome and financial effects of the plans and events described herein. A multitude of factors including  but not limited to  changes in demand  competition and technology  can cause actual events  performance or results to differ significantly from any anticipated development. Forward-looking statements contained in this press release regarding past trends or activities are not guarantees of future performance and should not be taken as a representation that such trends or activities will continue in the future. In addition  even if actual results or developments are consistent with the forward-looking statements contained in this press release  those results or developments may not be indicative of results or developments in future periods. No representations and warranties are made as to the accuracy or fairness of such forward-looking statements. As a result  the Company expressly disclaims any obligation or undertaking to release any updates or revisions to any forward-looking statements in this press release as a result of any change in expectations or any change in events  conditions  assumptions or circumstances on which these forward-looking statements are based  except if specifically required to do so by law or regulation. Neither the Company nor its advisers or representatives nor any of its subsidiary undertakings or any such person's officers or employees guarantees that the assumptions underlying such forward-looking statements are free from errors nor does either accept any responsibility for the future accuracy of the forward-looking statements contained in this press release or the actual occurrence of the forecasted developments. You should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements  which speak only as of the date of this press release.",neutral,0.16,0.84,0.0,positive,0.89,0.1,0.01,True,English,"['Biocartis Group NV', 'Outstanding Voting Securities', 'Press release', 'Disclosure', 'The First Lien Loan Agreement', 'Total outstanding voting securities', 'Total outstanding voting rights', 'innovative molecular diagnostics company', 'Total outstanding share capital', 'extra-legal preferential rights', 'one voting right', 'outstanding 4.00% convertible bonds', 'outstanding 4.50% convertible bonds', '44,986 outstanding share options', '82,758 outstanding share options', '314,611 outstanding share options', '144,947 outstanding share options', '540,000 outstanding share options', '8,210,767 outstanding share options', 'Belgian Financial Services', 'Biocartis Group NV', 'remaining principal amount', 'one new share', 'average trading price', 'loan facility', 'capital increase', 'subscription right', 'trading day', 'Belgian Act', 'English Dutch', 'PRESS RELEASE', 'REGULATED INFORMATION', 'Euronext Brussels', 'major shareholdings', 'regulated market', 'miscellaneous provisions', 'executive management', 'additional amounts', 'extraordinary circumstances', 'redemption amounts', 'existing shareholders', 'applicable interests', 'Markets Authority', 'issue price', 'floor price', 'conversion price', 'new shares', 'customary adjustments', 'relevant contribution', 'management members', 'independent directors', '2020B Plan', '812 shares', '9,338,069 shares', '44,986 shares', '82,758 shares', '314,611 shares', '144,947 shares', '540,000 shares', '8,210,767 shares', '2013 Plan', '2015 Plan', '2018 Plan', '2020 Plan', '2023 Plan', '31 March', 'CEST', 'Disclosure', 'Mechelen', 'Belgium', 'BCART', 'course', 'issuance', 'view', 'accordance', 'article', '2 May', 'issuers', 'exercise', 'employees', 'consultants', 'subsidiaries', 'personnel', 'terms', 'rounded', 'kind', 'receivables', 'volume', 'date', 'notice', 'framework', 'offering', '2 December', 'time', 'payment', 'association', 'notification', 'FSMA']",2023-03-31,2023-04-01,globenewswire.com
21985,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/ANTARES-VISION-S-P-A-57419889/news/Antares-Vision-S-p-A-Consolidated-and-Statutory-Financial-Statement-31-12-2022-43393844/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230331,Antares Vision S p A : Consolidated and Statutory Financial Statement 31.12.2022,(marketscreener.com)   FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   AS AT 31/12/2022   Antares Vision S.p.A.   Registered office: Via del Ferro 16  Travagliato   Italy   Authorised share capital Euro 171 806 subscribed and paid up for Euro 169 457   Brescia Compan…,"FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AS AT 31/12/2022 Antares Vision S.p.A. Registered office: Via del Ferro 16  Travagliato (BS)  Italy Authorised share capital Euro 171 806 subscribed and paid up for Euro 169 457 Brescia Companies Register  Tax Code and VAT no. 02890871201 Chamber of Commerce REA no. 000000523277REPORT ON OPERATIONS With this document  we submit the consolidated financial statements at 31 December 2022 (hereinafter also referred to as ""Consolidated financial statements"") of the group of companies (""Antares Vision Group"" or the ""Group"") headed up by Antares Vision S.p.A. (the ""Parent Company"" or the ""Company"") and the Antares Vision S.p.A 2022 financial statements (""financial statements"")  consisting of the statement of financial position  income statement  statement of other comprehensive income  statement of changes in shareholders' equity  cash flow statement and explanatory notes. In it we explain our business activities  show the financial position and cash flow and point out the more significant facts that characterised the operations of Antares Vision Group during 2022; we also provide you with information about the main events that took place after the end of the period. Please refer to the notes to the consolidated and separate financial statements for an analysis of the Company's main risks and how they are managed. Business activities Antares Vision Group is a technological partner of excellence in digitalization and innovation for businesses and institutions  to guarantee the safety of products and people  the competitiveness of businesses and protection of the planet. It offers a unique and complete ecosystem to guarantee safety and quality  efficiency  sustainability and transparency through: product quality control (Inspection  inspection systems and machines)  product traceability along the supply chain (Track & Trace from raw materials to production  from distribution to the consumer)  digitalization of production processes and an integrated management of production and supply chain data  also through the application of artificial intelligence and blockchain technology (Smart Data). Antares Vision Group is active in the Life Sciences sector (pharmaceuticals  biomedical devices and hospitals) and in FMCG (Fast-Moving Consumer Goods - consumer goods such as Food  Beverage Cosmetics and Chemical). Antares Vision Group confirms its leadership in the pharmaceutical market as a provider of track & trace solutions to the world's leading pharmaceutical companies [over half of the top 20 are customers of the Group]  and as a provider of track & trace solutions for government authorities to fight against counterfeit medicines and mass-market consumer products. Consolidated financial statements at 31/12/2022 - Report on operations 1Governance structure Board of Directors The Shareholders' Meeting of Antares Vision S.p.A. held on 22 February 2021 (with effect from the starting date of trading on the Euronext Star Milan) appointed a Board of Directors consisting of nine members  which will remain in office for three years  i.e. up to the date of approval of the financial statements at 31 December 2023. Following the resignation of Marco Vitale on 15 December 2022  Alberto Grignolo was co-opted as a non- executive  independent director pursuant to article 2386 of the Civil Code and by resolution of the Board of Directors passed unanimously on 25 January 2023. He will remain in office until the next shareholders' meeting. Board of Directors Office Name and surname Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Emidio Zorzella* Chief Executive Officer (CEO) Massimo Bonardi* Director with powers Alioscia Berto* Director Fabio Forestelli** Director Martina Paola Alessandra Monico*** Director Alberto Grignolo**** Director Fiammetta Roccia*** Director Cristina Spagna**** Director Fabiola Mascardi**** * Executive Executive with powers in the subsidiary FT System S.r.l.Non-executive and non-independentand non-independent Non-executive and independent Board of Statutory Auditors The Shareholders' Meeting of Antares Vision S.p.A. held on 22 February 2021 (with effect from the starting date of trading on the Mercato Telematico Azionario) appointed a Board of Statutory Auditors consisting of three acting members and two alternate members  which will remain in office for three years  i.e. up to the date of approval of the financial statements at 31 December 2023. Board of Statutory Auditors Office Name and surname Chairman Enrico Broli Acting Auditor Germano Giancarli Acting Auditor Stefania Bettoni Alternate Auditor Paolo Belleri Alternate Auditor Ramona Corti Consolidated financial statements at 31/12/2022 - Report on operations 2Board Committees On 22 February 2021  subject to the starting date of trading on the Euronext Star Milan  the Board of Directors followed the recommendations of the Corporate Governance Code approved by Borsa Italiana S.p.A. and appointed a Control  Risks and Sustainability Committee consisting of three non-executive  independent directors  two of whom have adequate knowledge and experience in accounting  finance and risk management. Control  Risks and Sustainability Committee * Office Name and surname Chairman Alberto Grignolo** Member Cristina Spagna Member Fabiola Mascardi** The functions and duties regarding related-party transactions (RPT) have also been assigned to the Control  Risks and Sustainability Committee (CRSC). ** Director with adequate knowledge and experience in accounting  finance and risk management. On 22 February 2021  subject to the starting date of trading on Euronext Star Milan  the Board of Directors followed the recommendations of the Corporate Governance Code approved by Borsa Italiana S.p.A. and appointed a Nominations and Remuneration Committee consisting of three non-executive  independent directors  one of whom has adequate knowledge and experience in finance and remuneration policies. Nominations and Remuneration Committee Office Name and surname Chairman Cristina Spagna* Member Alberto Grignolo Member Fabiola Mascardi* * Director with adequate knowledge and experience in financial matters and remuneration policies. Supervisory Board The Supervisory Board was appointed on 29 March 2021 and will remain in office until the date of the Shareholders' Meeting called to approve the financial statements at 31 December 2023. Supervisory Board Office Name and surname Chairman Francesco Menini Internal Member Martina Monico Internal Member Silvia Baresi Consolidated financial statements at 31/12/2022 - Report on operations 3",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.95,0.05,True,English,"['Antares Vision S', 'Statutory Financial Statement', 'Consolidated', 'Chairman Enrico Broli Acting Auditor Germano Giancarli Acting Auditor Stefania Bettoni', 'subsidiary FT System S.r.l', 'Antares Vision S.p.A 2022 financial statements', 'Borsa Italiana S.p.A.', 'Antares Vision S.p.A.', 'Alternate Auditor Paolo Belleri', 'Alternate Auditor Ramona Corti', 'Martina Paola Alessandra Monico', 'three acting members', 'Statutory Auditors Office Name', 'Antares Vision Group', 'three non-executive, independent directors', 'two alternate members', 'Via del Ferro', 'Life Sciences sector', 'Euronext Star Milan', 'Mercato Telematico Azionario', ""The Shareholders' Meeting"", ""next shareholders' meeting"", 'separate financial statements', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'other comprehensive income', 'Director Fabio Forestelli', 'Director Fiammetta Roccia', 'Director Cristina Spagna', 'Director Fabiola Mascardi', 'Brescia Companies Register', 'Corporate Governance Code', 'consolidated financial statements', 'surname Chairman', 'leading pharmaceutical companies', 'Fast-Moving Consumer Goods', 'product quality control', 'supply chain data', 'Director Alberto Grignolo', 'Governance structure Board', 'mass-market consumer products', 'Directors Office Name', 'cash flow statement', 'Executive Executive', 'financial position', ""shareholders' equity"", 'three years', 'nine members', 'product traceability', 'Smart Data', 'pharmaceutical market', 'independent Board', 'Tax Code', 'Civil Code', 'income statement', 'share capital', 'business activities', 'significant facts', 'main events', 'technological partner', 'complete ecosystem', 'raw materials', 'integrated management', 'artificial intelligence', 'blockchain technology', 'biomedical devices', 'Beverage Cosmetics', 'government authorities', 'counterfeit medicines', 'Marco Vitale', 'Emidio Zorzella', 'Alioscia Berto', 'adequate knowledge', 'trace solutions', 'starting date', 'explanatory notes', 'main risks', 'inspection systems', 'Sustainability Committee', 'Board Committees', 'Parent Company', 'production processes', 'Travagliato', 'Italy', 'VAT', 'Chamber', 'Commerce', 'REPORT', 'OPERATIONS', 'document', '31 December', 'changes', 'information', 'place', 'period', 'analysis', 'excellence', 'digitalization', 'businesses', 'institutions', 'safety', 'people', 'competitiveness', 'protection', 'planet', 'unique', 'efficiency', 'transparency', 'machines', 'Track', 'distribution', 'application', 'pharmaceuticals', 'hospitals', 'FMCG', 'Food', 'Chemical', 'leadership', 'provider', 'world', 'half', 'top', 'customers', '22 February', 'effect', 'trading', 'approval', 'resignation', '15 December', 'article', 'resolution', '25 January', 'CEO', 'powers', 'recommendations', 'experience', 'accounting']",2023-03-31,2023-04-01,marketscreener.com
21986,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/SARTORIUS-STEDIM-BIOTECH-27471609/news/Sartorius-Stedim-Biotech-to-acquire-Polyplus-43389024/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230331,Sartorius Stedim Biotech : to acquire Polyplus,(marketscreener.com)    Press Release    Aubagne  March 31  2023   Sartorius Stedim Biotech to acquire Polyplus      France-based Polyplus is a provider of innovative upstream technologies for cell and gene therapies    ...https://www.mark…,"Press ReleaseAubagne  March 31  2023Sartorius Stedim Biotech to acquire Polyplus France-based Polyplus is a provider of innovative upstream technologies for cell and gene therapies Polyplus' transfection reagents and plasmids are key components in the manufacturing of viral vectors Agreed purchase price of approximately 2.4 billion eurosSartorius Stedim Biotech  a leading international partner of the biopharmaceutical industry  has signed an agreement to acquire Polyplus for approximately 2.4 billion euros from private investors  including ARCHIMED and WP GG Holdings IV B.V.  an affiliate of Warburg Pincus.Polyplus  with around 270 employees  develops and produces transfection as well as other DNA/RNA delivery reagents and plasmid DNA in high quality and GMP grade. These are key components in the production of viral vectors used in cell and gene therapies and other advanced medicinal therapeutic products. Recording significant growth rates  Polyplus is expected to generate sales revenue in the upper double-digit million-euro range and a very substantial EBITDA margin in 2023. The proposed transaction is subject to customary conditions  including completion of the information and consultation of the works' council and approval by regulatory authorities and is expected to close during the third quarter of 2023.Founded in 2001  Polyplus is based in Strasbourg  France  and has locations in France  Belgium  the U.S.  and China. The company has been expanding its focus beyond transfection reagents through acquisitions in adjacent technologies like plasmid design  and protein and plasmid manufacturing  broadening its upstream portfolio for gene therapies as well as gene-modified cell therapies.""The innovative solutions of Polyplus are highly complementary to our portfolio  in particular to our offering of cell culture media and critical components for the development and manufacture of advanced therapies  and there are also strong synergies with our portfolio of downstream solutions for the manufacture of gene therapeutics "" said René Fáber  member of the Board of Directors and CEO of Sartorius Stedim Biotech. ""In the dynamically growing market for cell and gene therapies  viral vectors are needed to deliver the genes of interest into cells. The development pipeline of such therapies has been growing strongly and more and more are reaching major milestones. As a leading supplier of critical components to produce cell and gene therapies  Sartorius Stedim Biotech and Polyplus together will be excellently positioned to play a significant role in this dynamic field.""""This contemplated acquisition is a major milestone in the history of Polyplus  and a recognition of its innovative upstream market leadership position and our highly talented Polyplus teams around the world "" said Mario Philips  CEO of Polyplus. ""We would be excited to join forces with a world class bioprocess market leader as Sartorius Stedim Biotech. Our combined portfolios would create a unique ability tooptimize the total process workflow to deliver unparalleled value for cell/gene and DNA/RNA therapy customers  in a strong effort to make these critical needed therapies more affordable.""""We are both proud to have jointly supported Polyplus through a transformative period of growth  partnering with the company to successfully expand its product portfolio and execute a strong acquisition strategy "" said TJ Carella  Managing Director and Head of Healthcare  Warburg Pincus. ""ARCHIMED has been a 7-year strategic partner and shareholder of Polyplus  hence we are glad company and team find such a good home for their next chapter "" said Denis Ribon  Chairman and Managing Partner  ARCHIMED.""As active investors in life sciences  ARCHIMED and Warburg Pincus strongly believe in the impact that innovative pharmaceutical solutions can have on patients. With their shared mission in supporting the research and development of innovative solutions  we believe Sartorius Stedim Biotech would be the right partner for Polyplus and wish Mario and the Polyplus team the best in their next chapter "" added Ruoxi Chen  Managing Director  Warburg Pincus and Ludovic Alonzi  Principal  ARCHIMED.The ultimate parent company Sartorius AG will receive a bridge loan facility from J.P. Morgan for a transitional period to finance the transaction. Sartorius intends to refinance this loan with long-term financing instruments which might also include an equity component.Jefferies LLC acted as financial advisor and Kirkland & Ellis LLP provided legal counsel to Polyplus and its shareholders. William Blair acted as financial advisor and Milbank LLP and Jeantet provided legal counsel to Sartorius Stedim Biotech.This press release contains forward-looking statements about the future development of the Sartorius Stedim Biotech Group.Forward-looking statements are subject to known and unknown risks  uncertainties and other factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such statements. Sartorius Stedim Biotech assumes no liability for updating such statements in light of new information or future events. Sartorius Stedim Biotech shall not assume any liability for the correctness of this release. The French press release is the legally binding version.A profile of Sartorius Stedim BiotechSartorius Stedim Biotech is a leading international partner of the biopharmaceutical industry. As a provider of innovative solutions  the company based in Aubagne  France  helps its customers to manufacture biotech medications safely  rapidly and economically. The shares of Sartorius Stedim Biotech S.A. are quoted on the Euronext Paris. The company has a strong global reach with manufacturing and R&D sites as well as sales entities in Europe  North America and Asia. Sartorius Stedim Biotech delivers significant organic growth and regularly expands its portfolio through acquisitions of complementary technologies. In fiscal 2022  the company generated sales revenue of around 3.5 billion euros. At the end of 2022  around 12 000 employees were working for customers around the globe.ContactTimo Lindemann Corporate Communications +49 (0)551 308 4724 timo.lindemann@sartorius.comFollow Sartorius on Twitter and LinkedIn.",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.62,0.21,0.17,True,English,"['Sartorius Stedim Biotech', 'Polyplus', 'WP GG Holdings IV B.V.', 'other advanced medicinal therapeutic products', 'world class bioprocess market leader', 'innovative upstream market leadership position', 'upper double-digit million-euro range', 'other DNA/RNA delivery reagents', 'Sartorius Stedim Biotech Group', 'DNA/RNA therapy customers', 'substantial EBITDA margin', 'René Fáber', 'total process workflow', 'J.P. Morgan', 'long-term financing instruments', 'innovative upstream technologies', '7-year strategic partner', 'innovative pharmaceutical solutions', 'leading international partner', 'bridge loan facility', 'cell culture media', 'critical needed therapies', 'significant growth rates', 'ultimate parent company', 'talented Polyplus teams', 'strong acquisition strategy', 'gene-modified cell therapies', ""Polyplus' transfection reagents"", 'growing market', 'advanced therapies', 'other factors', 'innovative solutions', 'upstream portfolio', 'Sartorius AG', 'adjacent technologies', 'leading supplier', 'significant role', 'Managing Partner', 'right partner', 'critical components', 'strong synergies', 'strong effort', 'gene therapies', 'downstream solutions', 'Press Release', 'key components', 'viral vectors', 'purchase price', '2.4 billion euros', 'biopharmaceutical industry', 'private investors', 'Warburg Pincus', 'high quality', 'GMP grade', 'sales revenue', 'customary conditions', ""works' council"", 'regulatory authorities', 'third quarter', 'U.S.', 'plasmid design', 'gene therapeutics', 'major milestones', 'dynamic field', 'combined portfolios', 'unique ability', 'unparalleled value', 'transformative period', 'TJ Carella', 'Managing Director', 'good home', 'next chapter', 'Denis Ribon', 'active investors', 'life sciences', 'Ruoxi Chen', 'Ludovic Alonzi', 'transitional period', 'equity component', 'Jefferies LLC', 'financial advisor', 'Ellis LLP', 'legal counsel', 'William Blair', 'Milbank LLP', 'unknown risks', 'actual results', 'looking statements', 'plasmid manufacturing', 'development pipeline', 'Mario Philips', 'product portfolio', 'future development', 'France-based Polyplus', 'Aubagne', 'March', 'provider', 'plasmids', 'agreement', 'ARCHIMED', 'affiliate', '270 employees', 'production', 'transaction', 'completion', 'information', 'consultation', 'approval', 'Strasbourg', 'locations', 'Belgium', 'China', 'focus', 'acquisitions', 'protein', 'offering', 'manufacture', 'member', 'Board', 'Directors', 'CEO', 'genes', 'interest', 'cells', 'history', 'recognition', 'forces', 'cell/gene', 'Head', 'Healthcare', 'shareholder', 'Chairman', 'impact', 'patients', 'mission', 'research', 'Principal', 'Kirkland', 'Jeantet', 'forward', 'uncertainties', 'liability']",2023-03-31,2023-04-01,marketscreener.com
21987,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/PIXIUM-VISION-16603793/news/Pixium-Vision-announces-FDA-Breakthrough-Device-Designation-for-the-Prima-System-in-Dry-AMD-43388066/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230331,Pixium Vision announces FDA Breakthrough Device Designation for the Prima System in Dry AMD,(marketscreener.com) Pixium Vision announces FDA Breakthrough Device Designation for the Prima System in Dry AMD Pixium Vision to receive interactive communication with FDA through premarket review phase of Prima System and potential prioritized regulatory re…,"Pixium Vision announces FDA Breakthrough Device Designation for the Prima System in Dry AMDPixium Vision to receive interactive communication with FDA through premarket review phase of Prima System and potential prioritized regulatory reviewBreakthrough Device Designation aims to expedite development of medical devices that can treat or diagnose life-threatening or debilitating conditionsPRIMAvera European pivotal trial in dry AMD fully recruited and on track to report primary endpoints around the end of 2023Streamlined reimbursement options available upon approval in the United-StatesParis  France  March 31  2023 – 07:00 CET – Pixium Vision SA (Euronext Growth Paris - FR0011950641; Mnemo: ALPIX)  a bioelectronics company that develops innovative bionic vision systems to enable patients who have lost their sight to live more independent lives  announces today the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) has granted Breakthrough Device Designation to the company's Prima System  a photovoltaic substitute of photoreceptors providing simultaneous use of the central prosthetic and peripheral natural vision implanted in human patients with atrophic dry age-related macular degeneration (AMD) to partially restore their vision.The Breakthrough Device Designation aims to supply patients and healthcare providers with timely access to new medical devices that offer more effective treatment or diagnosis of life-threatening or irreversibly debilitating diseases or conditions by speeding up their development  assessment and review. To receive the designation  a device must also have either breakthrough technology  or no approved or cleared alternatives  or significant advantages over existing approved or cleared alternatives  or its availability must be in the best interest of patients.Under the program  Pixium Vision will have the opportunity to interact with the FDA's experts during the premarket review phase of the Prima System to identify areas of agreement in a timely way and could also receive prioritized review of the regulatory submission.""To receive this Breakthrough Device Designation and have the FDA recognize the therapeutic potential of our Prima System is a significant achievement for Pixium Vision  especially as only a small proportion of devices awarded the designation are intended to treat ophthalmologic conditions1 "" said Lloyd Diamond  Chief Executive Officer of Pixium Vision. ""Our Prima System is making great progress in the clinic with a read-out on the primary endpoints due toward the end of this year. This designation not only helps us to expedite the development of the Prima System but also affords us the opportunity of working closely with the FDA in refining the Prima System for its US regulatory submission. In addition  after receiving market authorization  there are outpatient and inpatient reimbursement pathways that are more readily accessible as a result of receiving Breakthrough Device Designation.""In December 2022  Pixium Vision announced the completion of implantations in the European pivotal trial PRIMAvera and confirmed a read-out of the study's primary endpoints around the end of 2023  with a regulatory submission in Europe in H1 2024.The PRIMAvera study design is based on the positive data generated in a French feasibility study  showing the ability of patients with dry AMD to improve visual acuity with the Prima System. The primary efficacy endpoint of the PRIMAvera study is the proportion of subjects with an improvement of visual acuity of logMAR 0.2 or more from baseline after 12 months  and the primary safety endpoint is the number and severity of device and procedure-related serious adverse events at 12 months follow-up. The study will include three years of follow-up  with an assessment of the primary endpoints at 12 months after implantation.About Pixium VisionPixium Vision is creating a world of bionic vision for those who have lost their sight  enabling them to regain visual perception and greater autonomy. Pixium Vision’s bionic vision systems are associated with a surgical intervention and a rehabilitation period. Prima System sub-retinal miniature photovoltaic wireless implant is in clinical testing for patients who have lost their sight due to outer retinal degeneration  initially for atrophic dry age-related macular degeneration (dry AMD). Pixium Vision collaborates closely with academic and research partners  including some of the most prestigious vision research institutions in the world  such as Stanford University in California  Institut de la Vision in Paris  Moorfields Eye Hospital in London  Institute of Ocular Microsurgery (IMO) in Barcelona  University hospital in Bonn  and UPMC in Pittsburgh  PA. The company is EN ISO 13485 certified and qualifies as “Entreprise Innovante” by Bpifrance.Forward-Looking Statements. This press release contains certain forward-looking statements. Although the Company believes its expectations are based on reasonable assumptions  these forward-looking statements are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties  which could cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated. For a discussion of risks and uncertainties which could cause the Company's actual results  financial condition  performance or achievements to differ from those contained in the forward looking statements  please refer to the Risk Factors (“Facteurs de Risques”) section of the Company’s 2021 Half-Year Financial Report and other documents the Company files with the AMF  which is available on the AMF website (www.amf- france.org) or on the Company’s website.For more information:http://www.pixium-vision.com/frFollow us on@PixiumVisionwww.facebook.com/pixiumvisionwww.linkedin.com/company/pixium-visionContactsPixium VisionOffer NonhoffChief Financial Officerinvestors@pixium-vision.com+33 1 76 21 47 68 Media RelationsLifeSci AdvisorsSophie Baumontsophie@lifesciadvisors.com+33 6 27 74 74 49 Investor RelationsLifeSci AdvisorsGuillaume van Renterghemgvanrenterghem@lifesciadvisors.com+41 76 735 01 311 https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/how-study-and-market-your-device/breakthrough-devices-program#s2",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.52,0.12,0.36,True,English,"['FDA Breakthrough Device Designation', 'Pixium Vision', 'Prima System', 'Dry AMD', 'Prima System sub-retinal miniature photovoltaic wireless implant', 'atrophic dry age-related macular degeneration', 'procedure-related serious adverse events', 'prestigious vision research institutions', 'PRIMAvera European pivotal trial', 'The PRIMAvera study design', 'innovative bionic vision systems', 'The Breakthrough Device Designation', 'potential prioritized regulatory review', 'outer retinal degeneration', 'FDA Breakthrough Device Designation', 'U.S. Food', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'premarket review phase', 'inpatient reimbursement pathways', 'Moorfields Eye Hospital', 'peripheral natural vision', 'primary efficacy endpoint', 'primary safety endpoint', 'French feasibility study', 'US regulatory submission', 'Euronext Growth Paris', 'new medical devices', 'Pixium Vision SA', 'photovoltaic substitute', 'prioritized review', 'breakthrough technology', 'therapeutic potential', 'research partners', 'Dry AMD', 'reimbursement options', 'University hospital', 'primary endpoints', 'la Vision', 'interactive communication', 'United-States Paris', 'independent lives', 'Drug Administration', 'simultaneous use', 'central prosthetic', 'healthcare providers', 'timely access', 'effective treatment', 'debilitating diseases', 'significant advantages', 'best interest', 'timely way', 'significant achievement', 'Lloyd Diamond', 'great progress', 'market authorization', 'positive data', 'visual acuity', 'three years', 'visual perception', 'greater autonomy', 'surgical intervention', 'rehabilitation period', 'clinical testing', 'Stanford University', 'Ocular Microsurgery', 'EN ISO', 'Forward-Looking Statements', 'press release', 'reasonable assumptions', 'numerous risks', 'debilitating conditions', 'ophthalmologic conditions', 'small proportion', 'bioelectronics company', 'human patients', 'development', 'life-threatening', 'track', 'approval', 'France', 'March', '07:00 CET', 'Mnemo', 'ALPIX', 'sight', 'photoreceptors', 'diagnosis', 'irreversibly', 'assessment', 'alternatives', 'existing', 'availability', 'program', 'opportunity', 'experts', 'areas', 'agreement', 'addition', 'outpatient', 'result', 'December', 'completion', 'implantations', 'H1', 'subjects', 'improvement', 'logMAR', 'baseline', '12 months', 'number', 'severity', 'up', 'world', 'academic', 'California', 'London', 'Institute', 'IMO', 'Barcelona', 'Bonn', 'Pittsburgh', 'Entreprise', 'expectations', 'uncertainties', '2023']",2023-03-31,2023-04-01,marketscreener.com
21988,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/GALP-ENERGIA-SGPS-S-A-35373/news/Galp-Energia-SGPS-S-A-informs-about-weekly-report-on-share-repurchase-transactions-43395999/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230331,Galp Energia SGPS S A : informs about weekly report on share repurchase transactions,(marketscreener.com)   March 31  2023   Weekly report on share repurchases   In the context of the share repurchase programme of Galp Energia SGPS  SA's ordinary shares with the purpose to reduce the issued share capital  the Company informs about the…,"March 31  2023Weekly report on share repurchasesIn the context of the share repurchase programme of Galp Energia SGPS  SA's ordinary shares with the purpose to reduce the issued share capital  the Company informs about the transactions occurred during the period from 27 March 2023 to 31 March 2023 (inclusive).According to the information provided by the intermediary appointed to make the purchases  Galp has acquired shares in Euronext Lisbon regulated market  as detailed in the table below (aggregated information):Day Number of Shares Weighted Average Price (€/sh) Transactions Amount (€k) 27/03/2023 434 828 €9.9062 €4 308 28/03/2023 59 753 €10.2037 €610Galp has currently 7 177 748 treasury shares (equivalent to 0.87% of the share capital)  which were bought for an aggregate amount of €76.6 m.All the detailed information regarding Galp's buyback programmes  including the details on daily trades  are available on our website  here.Galp Energia  SGPS  S.A.Investor Relations: Contacts: Website: www.galp.com/corp/en/ Otelo Ruivo  Director Tel: +351 21 724 08 66 Email: investor.relations@galp.com João G. Pereira Teresa Toscano Address: Reuters: GALP.LS Tommaso Fornaciari Rua Tomás da Fonseca  Bloomberg: GALP PL César Teixeira Torre A  1600-209 Lisbon  PortugalThis document may include forward-looking statements. All statements other than statements of historical facts are  or may be deemed to be  forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements express future expectations that are based on management's expectations and assumptions as of the date they are disclosed and involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results  performance or events to differ materially from those expressed or implied in such those statements. Accordingly  neither Galp nor any other person can assure that its future results  performance or events will meet those expectations  nor assume any responsibility for the accuracy and completeness of the forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements include  among other things  statements concerning the potential exposure of Galp to market risks and statements expressing management's expectations  beliefs  estimates  forecasts  projections  and assumptions. These forward-looking statements may generally be identified by the use of the future  gerund or conditional tense or the use of terms and phrases such as ""aim""  ""ambition""  ""anticipate""  ""believe""  ""consider""  ""could""  ""develop""  ""envision""  ""estimate""  ""expect""  ""goals""  ""intend""  ""may''  ""objectives""  ""outlook""  ""plan""  ""potential""  ""probably""  ""project""  ""pursue""  ""risks""  ""schedule""  ""seek""  ""should""  ""target""  ""think""  ""will"" or the negative of these terms and similar terminology. This document may include data and information provided by third parties  which are not publicly available. Such data and information should not be interpreted as advice and you should not rely on it for any purpose. You may not copy or use this data and information except as expressly permitted by those third parties in writing. To the fullest extent permitted by law  those third parties accept no responsibility for your use of such data and information except as specified in a written agreement you may have entered into with those third parties for the provision of such data and information. Galp and its respective representatives  agents  employees or advisers do not intend to  and expressly disclaim any duty  undertaking or obligation to  make or disseminate any supplement  amendment  update or revision to any of the information  opinions or forward-looking statements contained in this document to reflect any change in events  conditions or circumstances. This document does not constitute investment advice nor forms part of and should not be construed as an offer to sell or issue or the solicitation of an offer to buy or otherwise acquire securities of Galp or any of its subsidiaries or affiliates in any jurisdiction or an inducement to engage in any investment activity in any jurisdiction.",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.2,0.8,True,English,"['Galp Energia SGPS S A', 'share repurchase transactions', 'weekly report', 'LS Tommaso Fornaciari Rua Tomás da Fonseca', 'GALP PL César Teixeira Torre A', 'João G. Pereira Teresa Toscano', 'Euronext Lisbon regulated market', 'S.A.', 'share repurchase programme', 'Galp Energia SGPS', 'market risks', 'share repurchases', 'share capital', 'Weekly report', 'Day Number', 'Average Price', 'aggregate amount', 'buyback programmes', 'daily trades', 'Otelo Ruivo', 'historical facts', 'actual results', 'other person', 'future results', 'other things', 'potential exposure', 'future, gerund', 'conditional tense', 'similar terminology', 'third parties', 'fullest extent', 'written agreement', 'respective representatives', 'investment activity', 'unknown risks', 'forward-looking statements', 'ordinary shares', 'Transactions Amount', '7,177,748 treasury shares', 'investment advice', 'future expectations', 'Such data', 'detailed information', 'Investor Relations', '9 Lisbon', 'GALP.', 'March', 'context', 'purpose', 'Company', 'period', 'intermediary', 'table', 'details', 'website', 'Contacts', 'Director', 'Email', 'Address', 'Reuters', 'Bloomberg', 'Portugal', 'document', 'management', 'assumptions', 'date', 'uncertainties', 'performance', 'events', 'responsibility', 'accuracy', 'completeness', 'beliefs', 'estimates', 'forecasts', 'projections', 'use', 'terms', 'phrases', 'aim', 'ambition', 'objectives', 'outlook', 'plan', 'schedule', 'writing', 'law', 'provision', 'agents', 'employees', 'advisers', 'duty', 'undertaking', 'obligation', 'supplement', 'amendment', 'revision', 'opinions', 'change', 'conditions', 'circumstances', 'forms', 'offer', 'solicitation', 'securities', 'subsidiaries', 'affiliates', 'jurisdiction', 'inducement', '1600']",2023-03-31,2023-04-01,marketscreener.com
21989,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/BEACONSMIND-AG-118892242/news/Beaconsmind-AG-acquires-Wi-Fi-Hotspot-Service-Provider-Socialwave-GmbH-43394915/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230331,Beaconsmind AG: acquires Wi-Fi Hotspot Service Provider Socialwave GmbH,(marketscreener.com) EQS-News: beaconsmind AG / Key word: Miscellaneousbeaconsmind AG: acquires Wi-Fi Hotspot Service Provider Socialwave GmbH 31.03.2023 / 17:02 CET/CESTThe issuer is solely responsible for the content of this announc…,EQS-News: beaconsmind AG / Key word(s): Miscellaneousbeaconsmind AG: acquires Wi-Fi Hotspot Service Provider Socialwave GmbH31.03.2023 / 17:02 CET/CESTThe issuer is solely responsible for the content of this announcement.Publication of inside information pursuant to Article 17 of the EU Market Abuse Regulation (MAR)beaconsmind AG acquires Wi-Fi Hotspot Service Provider Socialwave GmbHTotal purchase price of total EUR 10 million through a combination of low-coupon debt  cash and 350 000 new beaconsmind shares to the sellersTransaction is highly accretive with Socialwave’s run rate revenues at EUR 4.5 million and around EUR 1.8 million EBITDAStrong synergy effects and client cross-fertilization expectedZurich  Switzerland – 31 March 2023 – beaconsmind AG (ISIN: CH0451123589 – Ticker: 81D) has agreed to acquire 100% of the shares of Socialwave GmbH in a further acquisition and coherent extension of its business model as a B2B Point-of-Sales solution provider.Socialwave is a fully automated location-based marketing service provider offering guest Wi-Fi as well as additional online (Bluetooth) and offline (NFC  QR-codes) technologies collecting guest data for efficient review collections  marketing campaigns  recommendation marketing  and customer analytics. The company has currently run rate sales revenues of EUR 4.5 million and around EUR 1.8 million EBITDA.The purchase price of EUR 10 million will be financed through a mixture of low-coupon debt from a local Sparkasse  cash at hand from the recent capital increase and 350 000 newly issued beaconsmind shares issued to the founders of Socialwave. The newly issued shares are locked up for 6-12 months. The transaction is expected to close end of April with full access to cash flows and consolidation of all FREDERIX and Socialwave financials going forward.On a proforma basis beaconsmind group including FREDERIX and Netopsie will significantly increase its run-rate revenues from EUR 6.4 million to around EUR 10.9 million and run rate EBITDA from a range of EUR 0.9 – EUR 1.1 million to EUR 2.7 – EUR 2.9 million through the acquisition.Explanatory partWith over 12 000 touchpoints Socialwave is the market leader in the German speaking region for location-based automated marketing services for stationary businesses. Socialwave provides its clients with Plug & Play Wi-Fi Hotspot services with various marketing suites to enable review collections  fully automated marketing campaigns  recommendation marketing  and customer analytics. Socialwave has a highly attractive diversified blue-chip customer base including clients such as Pizza Hut  Clever Fit  Hotel Rothof  Caritas  BMW  Medic-Center Nuremberg  Volksbanken Raiffeisenbanken from over 20 industries with a low churn rate below 1% even during COVID-19 crisis.Through this bolt-on transaction beaconsmind will strengthen its Wi-Fi Hotspot vertical and increase its reach significantly in the market whilst unlocking immense sales and cost synergies between Socialwave  Frederix and beaconsmind. The new management team has implemented immediate cost synergies of at least EUR 0.4MM. On a combined basis the newly established Wi-Fi Hotspot vertical will deliver an EUR 2.7 million run-rate EBITDA with significant growth ahead. Clients will have access to both  technology and solutions for the adjacent Bluetooth-Low-Energy and Wi-Fi Hotspot further offering data management  feedback  and marketing solutions.Through the transaction both founders and managing Directors of Socialwave will become shareholders of beaconsmind with a long-term lockup on the newly issued shares. Felix Schönfelder  Founder and CFO will continue to serve as Managing Director for Socialwave reporting to Jonathan Sauppe and Michael Ambros.Felix Schönfelder  Founder and CFO of Socialwave: “We are very excited to join beaconsmind in its new vertical within this exciting group. Socialwave combined with FREDERIX and beaconsmind will unlock enormous growth opportunities within this global platform. I am particularly thankful to be a part of the beaconsmind journey going ahead as the Managing Director of Socialwave and driving the growth within the Wi-Fi Hotspot vertical together with Jonathan  Michael  and Max.”Jonathan Sauppe  head of beaconsmind Wi-Fi Hotspot vertical: “With this acquisition we further manifest beaconsmind role and market position in the Wi-Fi Hotspot segment. This acquisition will further accelerate our growth trajectory and enable best in class product offering for our clients whilst also increasing profitability for our shareholders.”Michael Ambros  Deputy Chairman: “I am happy to welcome Socialwave to the beaconsmind group. Being able to jointly grow this vertical together with Max  Jonathan and now also Felix is truly exciting  and we are looking forward to implementing more rollups together.”A presentation on the acquisition including financials is available on the webpage www.beaconsmind.com/investor-relations/.About beaconsmindFounded in 2015 in Switzerland  beaconsmind AG is a pioneer in the field of location-based marketing (LBM) software for retail chains. By fitting stores with Bluetooth beacons that precisely locate and identify customers  and by integrating its Software Suite  beaconsmind opens a brand-new channel for retailers to interact with their customers. Thanks to its solution  retailers can converge digital and physical shopping and address the convenience gaps of each. The shares of the company (ISIN: CH0451123589 – Ticker: 81D) are listed on the Frankfurt Stock Exchange with XETRA trading and on Euronext in Paris. For more information  please visit www.beaconsmind.comAbout SocialwaveSociwalwave is a Munich  Germany based provider of guest Wi-Fi and marketing solutions with a highly attractive diversified blue-chip customer base. With Socialwave’s solutions its clients can collect reviews  run fully automated marketing campaigns  recommendation marketing  and gather customer analytics.,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.83,0.06,0.11,True,English,"['Wi-Fi Hotspot Service Provider', 'Beaconsmind AG', 'Socialwave GmbH', 'attractive diversified blue-chip customer base', 'location-based automated marketing services', 'location-based marketing service provider', 'Play Wi-Fi Hotspot services', 'EU Market Abuse Regulation', 'Wi-Fi Hotspot Service Provider', 'proforma basis beaconsmind group', 'beaconsmind Wi-Fi Hotspot vertical', 'EUR 2.7 million run-rate EBITDA', 'Sales solution provider', 'Wi-Fi Hotspot segment', 'Key word(s', 'Strong synergy effects', 'additional online (Bluetooth', 'recent capital increase', 'German speaking region', 'low churn rate', 'class product offering', 'run rate revenues', 'various marketing suites', 'run rate EBITDA', 'Felix Schönfelder', 'rate sales revenues', 'new management team', 'Total purchase price', 'efficient review collections', 'immediate cost synergies', 'enormous growth opportunities', '350,000 new beaconsmind shares', 'run-rate revenues', '1.8 million EBITDA', 'new vertical', 'guest Wi-Fi', 'customer analytics', 'combined basis', 'immense sales', 'exciting group', 'marketing campaigns', 'recommendation marketing', 'data management', 'beaconsmind journey', 'beaconsmind role', 'market leader', 'market position', 'marketing solutions', 'inside information', 'low-coupon debt', 'client cross-fertilization', 'coherent extension', 'business model', 'guest data', 'local Sparkasse', '6-12 months', 'stationary businesses', 'Pizza Hut', 'Clever Fit', 'Hotel Rothof', 'Medic-Center Nuremberg', 'Volksbanken Raiffeisenbanken', 'COVID-19 crisis', 'significant growth', 'adjacent Bluetooth-Low-Energy', 'managing Directors', 'long-term lockup', 'global platform', 'growth trajectory', 'Deputy Chairman', 'beaconsmind AG', 'transaction beaconsmind', 'Michael Ambros', 'sellers Transaction', 'full access', 'Explanatory part', 'Jonathan Sauppe', 'cash flows', 'Socialwave GmbH', 'Socialwave reporting', 'Socialwave financials', 'EUR 1.8', 'EQS-News', 'Miscellaneous', 'CEST', 'issuer', 'content', 'announcement', 'Publication', 'Article', 'combination', 'Zurich', 'Switzerland', '31 March', 'ISIN', 'Ticker', 'acquisition', 'NFC', 'QR-codes', 'technologies', 'company', 'mixture', 'hand', 'founders', 'April', 'consolidation', 'FREDERIX', 'Netopsie', 'range', '12,000 touchpoints', 'clients', 'Plug', 'Caritas', 'BMW', '20 industries', 'bolt', 'reach', '0.4MM', 'technology', 'feedback', 'shareholders', 'CFO', 'Max', 'head', 'profitability', 'rollups', 'presentation', 'webpage', 'investor-relations', 'pioneer', 'field']",2023-03-31,2023-04-01,marketscreener.com
21990,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/BEACONSMIND-AG-118892242/news/Beaconsmind-AG-Acquires-Wi-Fi-Hotspot-Service-Provider-Socialwave-GmbH-43395592/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230331,Beaconsmind AG Acquires Wi-Fi Hotspot Service Provider Socialwave GmbH,(marketscreener.com) Total purchase price of total EUR 10 million through a combination of low-coupon debt  cash and 350 000 new beaconsmind shares to the sellersTransaction is highly accretive with Socialwave’s run rate revenues at EUR 4.5 million and a…,Regulatory News:Publication of inside information pursuant to Article 17 of the EU Market Abuse Regulation (MAR)beaconsmind AG (ISIN: CH0451123589 – Ticker: 81D) has agreed to acquire 100% of the shares of Socialwave GmbH in a further acquisition and coherent extension of its business model as a B2B Point-of-Sales solution provider.Socialwave is a fully automated location-based marketing service provider offering guest Wi-Fi as well as additional online (Bluetooth) and offline (NFC  QR-codes) technologies collecting guest data for efficient review collections  marketing campaigns  recommendation marketing  and customer analytics. The company has currently run rate sales revenues of EUR 4.5 million and around EUR 1.8 million EBITDA.The purchase price of EUR 10 million will be financed through a mixture of low-coupon debt from a local Sparkasse  cash at hand from the recent capital increase and 350 000 newly issued beaconsmind shares issued to the founders of Socialwave. The newly issued shares are locked up for 6-12 months. The transaction is expected to close end of April with full access to cash flows and consolidation of all FREDERIX and Socialwave financials going forward.On a proforma basis beaconsmind group including FREDERIX and Netopsie will significantly increase its run-rate revenues from EUR 6.4 million to around EUR 10.9 million and run rate EBITDA from a range of EUR 0.9 – EUR 1.1 million to EUR 2.7 – EUR 2.9 million through the acquisition.Explanatory partWith over 12 000 touchpoints Socialwave is the market leader in the German speaking region for location-based automated marketing services for stationary businesses. Socialwave provides its clients with Plug & Play Wi-Fi Hotspot services with various marketing suites to enable review collections  fully automated marketing campaigns  recommendation marketing  and customer analytics. Socialwave has a highly attractive diversified blue-chip customer base including clients such as Pizza Hut  Clever Fit  Hotel Rothof  Caritas  BMW  Medic-Center Nuremberg  Volksbanken Raiffeisenbanken from over 20 industries with a low churn rate below 1% even during COVID-19 crisis.Through this bolt-on transaction beaconsmind will strengthen its Wi-Fi Hotspot vertical and increase its reach significantly in the market whilst unlocking immense sales and cost synergies between Socialwave  Frederix and beaconsmind. The new management team has implemented immediate cost synergies of at least EUR 0.4MM. On a combined basis the newly established Wi-Fi Hotspot vertical will deliver an EUR 2.7 million run-rate EBITDA with significant growth ahead. Clients will have access to both  technology and solutions for the adjacent Bluetooth-Low-Energy and Wi-Fi Hotspot further offering data management  feedback  and marketing solutions.Through the transaction both founders and managing Directors of Socialwave will become shareholders of beaconsmind with a long-term lockup on the newly issued shares. Felix Schönfelder  Founder and CFO will continue to serve as Managing Director for Socialwave reporting to Jonathan Sauppe and Michael Ambros.Felix Schönfelder  Founder and CFO of Socialwave: “We are very excited to join beaconsmind in its new vertical within this exciting group. Socialwave combined with FREDERIX and beaconsmind will unlock enormous growth opportunities within this global platform. I am particularly thankful to be a part of the beaconsmind journey going ahead as the Managing Director of Socialwave and driving the growth within the Wi-Fi Hotspot vertical together with Jonathan  Michael  and Max.”Jonathan Sauppe  head of beaconsmind Wi-Fi Hotspot vertical: “With this acquisition we further manifest beaconsmind role and market position in the Wi-Fi Hotspot segment. This acquisition will further accelerate our growth trajectory and enable best in class product offering for our clients whilst also increasing profitability for our shareholders.”Michael Ambros  Deputy Chairman: “I am happy to welcome Socialwave to the beaconsmind group. Being able to jointly grow this vertical together with Max  Jonathan and now also Felix is truly exciting  and we are looking forward to implementing more rollups together.”A presentation on the acquisition including financials is available on the webpage www.beaconsmind.com/investor-relations/.About beaconsmindFounded in 2015 in Switzerland  beaconsmind AG is a pioneer in the field of location-based marketing (LBM) software for retail chains. By fitting stores with Bluetooth beacons that precisely locate and identify customers  and by integrating its Software Suite  beaconsmind opens a brand-new channel for retailers to interact with their customers. Thanks to its solution  retailers can converge digital and physical shopping and address the convenience gaps of each. The shares of the company (ISIN: CH0451123589 – Ticker: 81D) are listed on the Frankfurt Stock Exchange with XETRA trading and on Euronext in Paris. For more information  please visit www.beaconsmind.comAbout SocialwaveSociwalwave is a Munich  Germany based provider of guest Wi-Fi and marketing solutions with a highly attractive diversified blue-chip customer base. With Socialwave’s solutions its clients can collect reviews  run fully automated marketing campaigns  recommendation marketing  and gather customer analytics.View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20230331005386/en/,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.8,0.06,0.13,True,English,"['Wi-Fi Hotspot Service Provider', 'Beaconsmind AG', 'Socialwave GmbH', 'attractive diversified blue-chip customer base', 'EU Market Abuse Regulation', 'location-based automated marketing services', 'Play Wi-Fi Hotspot services', 'location-based marketing service provider', 'EUR 2.7 million run-rate EBITDA', 'proforma basis beaconsmind group', 'beaconsmind Wi-Fi Hotspot vertical', 'run rate EBITDA', 'EUR 1.8 million EBITDA', 'recent capital increase', 'German speaking region', 'low churn rate', 'class product offering', 'Frankfurt Stock Exchange', 'Wi-Fi Hotspot segment', 'various marketing suites', 'Felix Schönfelder', 'Sales solution provider', 'rate sales revenues', 'efficient review collections', 'immediate cost synergies', 'enormous growth opportunities', 'new management team', 'run-rate revenues', 'customer analytics', 'combined basis', 'new vertical', 'guest Wi-Fi', 'immense sales', 'exciting group', 'marketing campaigns', 'recommendation marketing', 'data management', 'new channel', 'market leader', 'market position', 'beaconsmind journey', 'beaconsmind role', 'marketing solutions', 'Regulatory News', 'coherent extension', 'business model', 'additional online', 'guest data', 'purchase price', 'low-coupon debt', 'local Sparkasse', '6-12 months', 'stationary businesses', 'Pizza Hut', 'Clever Fit', 'Hotel Rothof', 'Medic-Center Nuremberg', 'Volksbanken Raiffeisenbanken', 'COVID-19 crisis', 'significant growth', 'adjacent Bluetooth-Low-Energy', 'managing Directors', 'long-term lockup', 'global platform', 'growth trajectory', 'Deputy Chairman', 'LBM) software', 'retail chains', 'Software Suite', 'physical shopping', 'convenience gaps', 'XETRA trading', 'beaconsmind AG', 'Michael Ambros', 'transaction beaconsmind', 'inside information', 'full access', 'cash flows', 'Explanatory part', 'Jonathan Sauppe', 'Bluetooth beacons', 'beaconsmind shares', 'Socialwave GmbH', 'Socialwave reporting', 'Socialwave financials', 'Publication', 'Article', 'Ticker', 'acquisition', 'NFC', 'QR-codes', 'technologies', 'company', 'mixture', 'hand', 'founders', 'April', 'consolidation', 'FREDERIX', 'Netopsie', 'range', '12,000 touchpoints', 'clients', 'Plug', 'Caritas', 'BMW', '20 industries', 'bolt', 'reach', '0.4MM', 'technology', 'feedback', 'shareholders', 'CFO', 'Max', 'head', 'profitability', 'rollups', 'presentation', 'webpage', 'investor-relations', 'Switzerland', 'pioneer', 'field', 'stores', 'customers', 'retailers', 'digital', 'ISIN', 'Euronext', 'Paris', 'Sociwalwave', 'Munich', 'Germany', '350,000']",2023-03-31,2023-04-01,marketscreener.com
21991,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/FIERA-MILANO-SPA-100156/news/Fiera-Milano-2022-REPORT-ON-CORPORATE-GOVERNANCE-AND-OWNERSHIP-STRUCTURE-43392581/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230331,Fiera Milano : 2022 REPORT ON CORPORATE GOVERNANCE AND OWNERSHIP STRUCTURE,(marketscreener.com)   FIERA MILANO S.P.A.   CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT AND   OWNERSHIP STRUCTURE AS AT 31 DECEMBER 2022   drawn up in accordance with Article 123-bisof Legislative Decree no. 58 of 24   February 1998   approved by the Board …,"This document contains a true translation in English of the Italian document ""Relazione sul Governo Societario e gli Assetti Proprietari al 31 dicembre 2022"". However  for information about Fiera Milano reference should be made exclusively to the original document in Italian. The Italian version of the document shall prevail upon the English version.BackgroundFiera Milano S.p.A. (hereinafter  the ""Company"" or ""Fiera Milano"") with this Report on Corporate Governance and Ownership Structure (hereinafter  the ""Report"") intends to provide a general and systematic overview of its corporate governance structure  information on its ownership structure  and information on the application of the provisions contained in the principles and recommendations of the Corporate Governance Code of listed companies of Borsa Italiana  approved by the Corporate Governance Committee in January 2020 and in force since 1 January 2021 (hereinafter  the ""Corporate Governance Code"")  with reference to the fiscal year ended 31 December 2022 (hereinafter  the ""Financial Year""). The term corporate governance is used to identify the body of rules and procedures for managing and controlling joint-stock companies. An effective and efficient business organisation model must be capable of using the correct means to manage business risks and potential conflicts of interest that can arise between directors and shareholders and between controlling and non- controlling interests. These aspects are of even greater significance in listed companies with a wide shareholder base.The indications given by Borsa Italiana in the ""Format for the Report on Corporate Governance and Ownership Structure"" issued in January 2022 and recommendations formulated by the Corporate Governance Committee have been taken into account in the preparation of this Report.1. Issuer ProfileFiera Milano  an issuer of shares listed on the Euronext Milan market  previously known as the Mercato Telematico Azionario (MTA)  STAR Segment of Borsa Italiana S.p.A. (hereinafter  'Borsa Italiana')  adopts a system of corporate governance that conforms to laws and regulates and is aligned with the contents of the Corporate Governance Code.The Company  which exercises direction and coordination over its direct subsidiaries  uses a traditional administration and control model based on the existence of a Board of Directors and a Board of Statutory Auditors.Fiera Milano qualifies as a Small and Medium Enterprise (hereinafter ""SME"") under Article 1  paragraph 1.w-quater).1 of Legislative Decree 58 of 24 February 1998 (hereinafter the ""Consolidated Finance Act""); the capitalisation of the Company  in fact  is Euro 208 561 711 at 31 December 2022  with revenue of Euro [●] as at 31 December 2022.* * * *The Board of Directors of the Company - in accordance with the provisions of the Corporate Governance Code - has initiated a process aiming to further strengthen the sustainability policies adopted by the Fiera Milano Group  as defined below  pursuing the objective of creating long-term value to the benefit of shareholders and all stakeholders. Medium- to long-term objectives in the various areas of sustainability are already an integral part of the 'CONN.E.C.T. 2025' Strategic Plan  which was approved by the Board of Directors and presented to the market on 22 February 2021.During the year  the company also started a process to obtain a sustainability rating. The rating agency Sustainalytics issued the ESG rating on Fiera Milano with a score of16.9 (on a scale between 0 and >40  where 0 indicates the best rating and >40 the worst)  placing the Fiera Milano group in the second best ""Low ESG Risk"" rating class.Page 5",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.01,0.01,0.98,True,English,"['Fiera Milano', 'CORPORATE GOVERNANCE', 'REPORT', 'STRUCTURE', ""CONN.E.C.T. 2025' Strategic Plan"", 'Low ESG Risk"" rating class', 'Borsa Italiana S.p.A.', 'Fiera Milano S.p.A.', 'efficient business organisation model', 'wide shareholder base', 'Mercato Telematico Azionario', 'Consolidated Finance Act', 'Corporate Governance Code', 'Corporate Governance Committee', 'Fiera Milano Group', 'Euronext Milan market', 'corporate governance structure', 'ESG rating', 'business risks', 'control model', 'rating agency', 'best rating', 'sustainability rating', 'Ownership Structure', 'true translation', 'Governo Societario', 'Assetti Proprietari', 'systematic overview', 'listed companies', 'joint-stock companies', 'correct means', 'potential conflicts', 'greater significance', 'direct subsidiaries', 'traditional administration', 'Statutory Auditors', 'Medium Enterprise', 'Legislative Decree', 'long-term value', 'Medium- to', 'long-term objectives', 'various areas', 'integral part', 'Italian version', 'fiscal year', 'Financial Year', 'sustainability policies', 'original document', 'English version', 'controlling interests', 'Issuer Profile', 'The Company', 'Italian document', 'Relazione', '31 dicembre', 'information', 'reference', 'Report', 'general', 'application', 'provisions', 'principles', 'recommendations', 'January', 'force', 'body', 'rules', 'procedures', 'effective', 'directors', 'shareholders', 'aspects', 'indications', 'account', 'preparation', 'shares', 'MTA', 'Segment', 'laws', 'contents', 'direction', 'coordination', 'existence', 'Board', 'Small', 'SME', 'Article', 'paragraph', '24 February', 'capitalisation', 'fact', '31 December', 'revenue', 'accordance', 'process', 'benefit', 'stakeholders', '22 February', 'Sustainalytics', 'score', 'scale', 'Page', '1.']",2023-03-31,2023-04-01,marketscreener.com
21992,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/03/31/2638346/0/en/BGHL-GBP-NAV-s.html,BGHL (GBP): NAV(s),BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED   Ordinary Shares  The Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding...,"BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary SharesThe Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for the Company.Close of business 30 Mar 2023.Estimated NAVEuro Shares Sterling Shares Estimated NAV € 26.7422 £ 23.6038 Estimated MTD return -1.99 % -1.88 % Estimated YTD return -3.70 % -3.37 % Estimated ITD return 167.42 % 136.04 %NAV and returns are calculated net of management and performance feesMarket informationEuro Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close € 22.00 N/A Premium/discount to estimated NAV -17.73 % N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close N/A GBX 1 900.00 Premium/discount to estimated NAV N/A -19.50 %Transactions in own securities purchased into treasuryOrdinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/A Range of Price N/A N/ALiquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/ABGHL CapitalBGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Shares Outstanding 12 296 208 126 294 Held in treasury 850 N/A Shares Issued 12 297 058 126 294Estimated BG Fund NAVClass B Euro Shares (estimated) € 234.9342 Class GBP A Shares (estimated) £ 125.9684The Class B Euro Shares of BG Fund are not subject to investment manager fees  as the Investment Manager receives management fees and performance fees in respect of its role as Investment Manager of BGHL.For further information please contact:Boussard & Gavaudan Investment Management  LLP.Emmanuel Gavaudan +44 (0) 20 3751 5389 Email : info@bgam-uk.comThe Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has received the necessary approval of the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and the States of Guernsey Policy Council. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.This is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Neither the Company nor BG Fund ICAV has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that:all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results;the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; andif you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.Attachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.23,0.77,True,English,"['BGHL', 'GBP', 'NAV', 'GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary Shares', 'The Class B Euro Shares', 'BGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares', 'A Liquidity Enhancement Agreement', 'Class GBP A Shares', 'Euro Shares Sterling Shares', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam', 'A N/A Average Price', 'US Investment Company Act', 'Euro Shares Amsterdam', 'Sterling Shares Shares', 'A N/A Range', 'expert financial advice', 'Guernsey Policy Council', 'collective investment scheme', 'other professional advice', 'BG Fund ICAV', 'Gavaudan Investment Management', 'closed-ended investment company', 'UK Listing Authority', 'US Securities Act', 'investment manager fees', 'BG Fund NAV', '850 N/A Shares', 'The Shares', 'Dutch Authority', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'A Premium/discount', 'N/A GBX', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'US persons', 'Financial Markets', 'The Directors', 'The Company', 'investment performance', 'original investment', 'investment decision', 'performance fees', 'BGHL Capital', 'management fees', 'MTD return', 'YTD return', 'ITD return', 'financieel toezicht', 'Official List', 'applicable law', 'public offering', 'other jurisdiction', 'main market', 'United States', 'following information', 'information purposes', 'necessary approval', 'future results', 'listed securities', 'Market information', 'LSE) Market', 'BOUSSARD', 'business', 'returns', 'AEX', 'Transactions', 'treasury', 'Number', 'respect', 'role', 'LLP.', 'Email', 'article', 'conjunction', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', 'mind', 'risk', 'past', 'guarantee', 'doubt', 'contents', 'communication', 'substitute', 'Attachment', '73']",2023-03-31,2023-04-01,globenewswire.com
21993,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/SARTORIUS-STEDIM-BIOTECH-27471609/news/Sartorius-Stedim-Biotech-SA-Sartorius-Stedim-Biotech-to-acquire-Polyplus-43388835/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230331,Sartorius Stedim Biotech SA: Sartorius Stedim Biotech to acquire Polyplus,(marketscreener.com) Sartorius Stedim Biotech SA / Key word: AcquisitionSartorius Stedim Biotech SA: Sartorius Stedim Biotech to acquire Polyplus 31-March-2023 / 08:50 CET/CESTAubagne  March 31  2023Sartorius Stedim Biotech to acquire Poly…,Aubagne  March 31  2023Sartorius Stedim Biotech to acquire PolyplusSartorius Stedim Biotech  a leading international partner of the biopharmaceutical industry  has signed an agreement to acquire Polyplus for approximately 2.4 billion euros from private investors  including ARCHIMED and WP GG Holdings IV B.V.  an affiliate of Warburg Pincus.Polyplus  with around 270 employees  develops and produces transfection as well as other DNA/RNA delivery reagents and plasmid DNA in high quality and GMP grade. These are key components in the production of viral vectors used in cell and gene therapies and other advanced medicinal therapeutic products. Recording significant growth rates  Polyplus is expected to generate sales revenue in the upper double-digit million-euro range and a very substantial EBITDA margin in 2023. The proposed transaction is subject to customary conditions  including completion of the information and consultation of the works’ council and approval by regulatory authorities and is expected to close during the third quarter of 2023.Founded in 2001  Polyplus is based in Strasbourg  France  and has locations in France  Belgium  the U.S.  and China. T he company has been expanding its focus beyond transfection reagents through acquisitions in adjacent technologies like plasmid design  and protein and plasmid manufacturing  broadening its upstream portfolio for gene therapies as well as gene-modified cell therapies.“The innovative solutions of Polyplus are highly complementary to our portfolio  in particular to our offering of cell culture media and critical components for the development and manufacture of advanced therapies  and there are also s trong synergies with our portfolio of downstream solutions for the manufacture of gene therapeutics ” said René Fáber  member of the Board of Directors and CEO of Sartorius Stedim Biotech . “ In the dynamically growing market for cell and gene therapies  viral vectors are needed to deliver the genes of interest into cells. The development pipeline of such therapies has been growing strongly and more and more are reaching major milestones. As a leading supplier of critical components to produce cell and gene therapies  Sartorius Stedim Biotech and Polyplus together will be excellently positioned to play a significant role in this dynamic field.”“This contemplated acquisition is a major milestone in the history of Polyplus  and a recognition of its innovative upstream market leadership position and our highly talented Polyplus teams around the world ” said Mario Philips  CEO of Polyplus. “We would be excited to join forces with a world class bioprocess market leader as Sartorius Stedim Biotech. Our combined portfolios would create a unique ability to optimize the total process workflow to deliver unparalleled value for cell/gene and DNA/RNA therapy customers  in a strong effort to make these critical needed therapies more affordable.”“We are both proud to have jointly supported Polyplus through a transformative period of growth  partnering with the company to successfully expand its product portfolio and execute a strong acquisition strategy ” said TJ Carella  Managing Director and Head of Healthcare  Warburg Pincus. “ARCHIMED has been a 7-year strategic partner and shareholder of Polyplus  hence we are glad company and team find such a good home for their next chapter ” said Denis Ribon  Chairman and Managing Partner  ARCHIMED. “As active investors in life sciences  ARCHIMED and Warburg Pincus strongly believe in the impact that innovative pharmaceutical solutions can have on patients. With their shared mission in supporting the research and development of innovative solutions  we believe Sartorius Stedim Biotech would be the right partner for Polyplus and wish Mario and the Polyplus team the best in their next chapter ” added Ruoxi Chen  Managing Director  Warburg Pincus and Ludovic Alonzi  Principal  ARCHIMED.The ultimate parent company Sartorius AG will receive a bridge loan facility from J.P. Morgan for a transitional period to finance the transaction. Sartorius intends to refinance this loan with long-term financing instruments which might also include an equity component.Jefferies LLC acted as financial advisor and Kirkland & Ellis LLP provided legal counsel to Polyplus and its shareholders. William Blair acted as financial advisor and Milbank LLP and Jeantet provided legal counsel to Sartorius Stedim Biotech.This press release contains forward-looking statements about the future development of the Sartorius Stedim Biotech Group. Forward-looking statements are subject to known and unknown risks  uncertainties and other factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such statements. Sartorius Stedim Biotech assumes no liability for updating such statements in light of new information or future events. Sartorius Stedim Biotech shall not assume any liability for the correctness of this release. The French press release is the legally binding version.A profile of Sartorius Stedim BiotechSartorius Stedim Biotech is a leading international partner of the biopharmaceutical industry. As a provider of innovative solutions  the company based in Aubagne  France  helps its customers to manufacture biotech medications safely  rapidly and economically. The shares of Sartorius Stedim Biotech S.A. are quoted on the Euronext Paris. The company has a strong global reach with manufacturing and R&D sites as well as sales entities in Europe  North America and Asia. Sartorius Stedim Biotech delivers significant organic growth and regularly expands its portfolio through acquisitions of complementary technologies. In fiscal 2022  the company generated sales revenue of around 3.5 billion euros. At the end of 2022  around 12 000 employees were working for customers around the globe.ContactTimo LindemannCorporate Communications+49 (0)551 308 4724,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.68,0.15,0.17,True,English,"['Sartorius Stedim Biotech SA', 'Polyplus', 'WP GG Holdings IV B.V.', 'other advanced medicinal therapeutic products', 'world class bioprocess market leader', 'innovative upstream market leadership position', 'upper double-digit million-euro range', 'other DNA/RNA delivery reagents', 'The French press release', 'Sartorius Stedim Biotech Group', 'DNA/RNA therapy customers', 'substantial EBITDA margin', 'René Fáber', 'total process workflow', 'J.P. Morgan', 'long-term financing instruments', '7-year strategic partner', 'innovative pharmaceutical solutions', 'leading international partner', 'bridge loan facility', 'cell culture media', 'critical needed therapies', 'significant growth rates', 'strong acquisition strategy', 'ultimate parent company', 'talented Polyplus teams', 'gene-modified cell therapies', 'growing market', 'advanced therapies', 'other factors', 'innovative solutions', 'upstream portfolio', 'Sartorius AG', 'transfection reagents', 'leading supplier', 'significant role', 'strong effort', 'Managing Partner', 'right partner', 'critical components', 'gene therapies', 'downstream solutions', 'biopharmaceutical industry', '2.4 billion euros', 'private investors', 'Warburg Pincus', 'high quality', 'GMP grade', 'key components', 'viral vectors', 'sales revenue', 'customary conditions', 'works’ council', 'regulatory authorities', 'third quarter', 'U.S.', 'adjacent technologies', 'gene therapeutics', 'major milestones', 'dynamic field', 'combined portfolios', 'unique ability', 'unparalleled value', 'transformative period', 'TJ Carella', 'Managing Director', 'good home', 'next chapter', 'Denis Ribon', 'active investors', 'life sciences', 'Ruoxi Chen', 'Ludovic Alonzi', 'transitional period', 'equity component', 'Jefferies LLC', 'financial advisor', 'Ellis LLP', 'legal counsel', 'William Blair', 'Milbank LLP', 'unknown risks', 'actual results', 'future events', 'binding version', 'plasmid design', 'plasmid manufacturing', 'development pipeline', 'Mario Philips', 'product portfolio', 'forward-looking statements', 'future development', 'new information', 'Aubagne', 'March', 'agreement', 'ARCHIMED', 'affiliate', '270 employees', 'production', 'transaction', 'completion', 'consultation', 'approval', 'Strasbourg', 'France', 'locations', 'Belgium', 'China', 'focus', 'acquisitions', 'protein', 'offering', 'manufacture', 'synergies', 'member', 'Board', 'Directors', 'CEO', 'genes', 'interest', 'cells', 'history', 'recognition', 'forces', 'cell/gene', 'Head', 'Healthcare', 'shareholder', 'Chairman', 'impact', 'patients', 'mission', 'research', 'Principal', 'Kirkland', 'Jeantet', 'uncertainties', 'liability', 'light', 'correctness', 'profile']",2023-03-31,2023-04-01,marketscreener.com
21994,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/BOUSSARD-GAVAUDAN-HOLDI-3840782/news/BOUSSARD-GAVAUDAN-HOLDING-LIMITED-GBP-Transaction-in-Own-Shares-43395692/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230331,BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED (GBP) : Transaction in Own Shares,(marketscreener.com) BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED March 2023 TRANSACTION IN OWN SECURITIES ACTIVITY REPORT1 The Company announces that pursuant to the general authority granted by shareholders of the Company on 28 May 2019 to make market purchases of i…,"BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDMarch 2023 TRANSACTION IN OWN SECURITIES ACTIVITY REPORT 1The Company announces that pursuant to the general authority granted by shareholders of the Company on 28 May 2019 to make market purchases of its own Ordinary shares  it repurchased 850 Euro shares in March 2023.Figure of the share buy back programme for March 2023Share Buy Back Programme Liquidity Enhancement Agreement Aggregate number of transactions conducted in March 2023 10 Average size of the transactions 850 0Following this transaction  the Company has:Euro share outstanding excluding share held in treasury 12 296 208Euro share held in treasury 850 GBP share outstanding excluding share held in treasury 126 294 GBP share held in treasury 0 Total number of shares 12 423 35231 March 2023For further information please contact:Boussard & Gavaudan Investment Management  LLPEmmanuel Gavaudan (London) +44 203 751 5389François-Xavier Baud (London) +44 203 751 5395The Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has received the necessary approval of the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and the States of Guernsey Policy Council. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.This is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Neither the Company nor Boussard & Gavaudan Fund Plc has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that: all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results; the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; and if you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.1 This report includes the transactions conducted by both BGHL  for the share buy back programme and Exane  for the Liquidity Enhancement Agreement.Attachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.01,0.27,0.73,True,English,"['GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED', 'Own Shares', 'BOUSSARD', 'GBP', 'Transaction', 'Share Buy Back Programme Liquidity Enhancement Agreement', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'US Investment Company Act', 'Gavaudan Fund Plc', 'François-Xavier Baud', 'expert financial advice', 'GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED', 'Guernsey Policy Council', 'collective investment scheme', 'other professional advice', 'Gavaudan Investment Management', 'UK Listing Authority', 'US Securities Act', 'closed-ended investment company', 'SECURITIES ACTIVITY REPORT', 'Dutch Authority', 'US persons', 'Financial Markets', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'investment performance', 'original investment', 'investment decision', 'general authority', 'Euro share', '850 GBP share', 'market purchases', 'Average size', 'financieel toezicht', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'Official List', 'main market', 'applicable law', 'public offering', 'The Company', 'other jurisdiction', 'United States', 'listed securities', 'Ordinary shares', 'Total number', 'necessary approval', 'The Shares', 'future results', 'information purposes', 'BOUSSARD', 'March', 'TRANSACTION', 'shareholders', '28 May', 'Figure', 'treasury', 'LLP', 'article', 'conjunction', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', 'mind', 'risk', 'past', 'guarantee', 'BGHL', 'doubt', 'contents', 'communication', 'substitute', 'Exane', 'Attachment']",2023-03-31,2023-04-01,marketscreener.com
21995,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/BOUSSARD-GAVAUDAN-HOLDI-36044/news/BOUSSARD-GAVAUDAN-HOLDING-LIMITED-EUR-Transaction-in-Own-Shares-43395690/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230331,BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED (EUR) : Transaction in Own Shares,(marketscreener.com) BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED March 2023 TRANSACTION IN OWN SECURITIES ACTIVITY REPORT1 The Company announces that pursuant to the general authority granted by shareholders of the Company on 28 May 2019 to make market purchases of i…,"BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDMarch 2023 TRANSACTION IN OWN SECURITIES ACTIVITY REPORT 1The Company announces that pursuant to the general authority granted by shareholders of the Company on 28 May 2019 to make market purchases of its own Ordinary shares  it repurchased 850 Euro shares in March 2023.Figure of the share buy back programme for March 2023Share Buy Back Programme Liquidity Enhancement Agreement Aggregate number of transactions conducted in March 2023 10 Average size of the transactions 850 0Following this transaction  the Company has:Euro share outstanding excluding share held in treasury 12 296 208Euro share held in treasury 850 GBP share outstanding excluding share held in treasury 126 294 GBP share held in treasury 0 Total number of shares 12 423 35231 March 2023For further information please contact:Boussard & Gavaudan Investment Management  LLPEmmanuel Gavaudan (London) +44 203 751 5389François-Xavier Baud (London) +44 203 751 5395The Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has received the necessary approval of the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and the States of Guernsey Policy Council. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.This is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Neither the Company nor Boussard & Gavaudan Fund Plc has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that: all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results; the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; and if you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.1 This report includes the transactions conducted by both BGHL  for the share buy back programme and Exane  for the Liquidity Enhancement Agreement.Attachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.01,0.27,0.73,True,English,"['GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED', 'Own Shares', 'BOUSSARD', 'Transaction', 'Share Buy Back Programme Liquidity Enhancement Agreement', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'US Investment Company Act', 'Gavaudan Fund Plc', 'François-Xavier Baud', 'expert financial advice', 'GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED', 'Guernsey Policy Council', 'collective investment scheme', 'other professional advice', 'Gavaudan Investment Management', 'UK Listing Authority', 'US Securities Act', 'closed-ended investment company', 'SECURITIES ACTIVITY REPORT', 'Dutch Authority', 'US persons', 'Financial Markets', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'investment performance', 'original investment', 'investment decision', 'general authority', 'Euro share', '850 GBP share', 'market purchases', 'Average size', 'financieel toezicht', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'Official List', 'main market', 'applicable law', 'public offering', 'The Company', 'other jurisdiction', 'United States', 'listed securities', 'Ordinary shares', 'Total number', 'necessary approval', 'The Shares', 'future results', 'information purposes', 'BOUSSARD', 'March', 'TRANSACTION', 'shareholders', '28 May', 'Figure', 'treasury', 'LLP', 'article', 'conjunction', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', 'mind', 'risk', 'past', 'guarantee', 'BGHL', 'doubt', 'contents', 'communication', 'substitute', 'Exane', 'Attachment']",2023-03-31,2023-04-01,marketscreener.com
21996,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/03/31/2638348/0/en/BGHL-EUR-NAV-s.html,BGHL (EUR): NAV(s),BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED   Ordinary Shares  The Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding...,"BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary SharesThe Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for the Company.Close of business 30 Mar 2023.Estimated NAVEuro Shares Sterling Shares Estimated NAV € 26.7422 £ 23.6038 Estimated MTD return -1.99 % -1.88 % Estimated YTD return -3.70 % -3.37 % Estimated ITD return 167.42 % 136.04 %NAV and returns are calculated net of management and performance feesMarket informationEuro Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close € 22.00 N/A Premium/discount to estimated NAV -17.73 % N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close N/A GBX 1 900.00 Premium/discount to estimated NAV N/A -19.50 %Transactions in own securities purchased into treasuryOrdinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/A Range of Price N/A N/ALiquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/ABGHL CapitalBGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Shares Outstanding 12 296 208 126 294 Held in treasury 850 N/A Shares Issued 12 297 058 126 294Estimated BG Fund NAVClass B Euro Shares (estimated) € 234.9342 Class GBP A Shares (estimated) £ 125.9684The Class B Euro Shares of BG Fund are not subject to investment manager fees  as the Investment Manager receives management fees and performance fees in respect of its role as Investment Manager of BGHL.For further information please contact:Boussard & Gavaudan Investment Management  LLP.Emmanuel Gavaudan +44 (0) 20 3751 5389 Email : info@bgam-uk.comThe Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has received the necessary approval of the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and the States of Guernsey Policy Council. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.This is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Neither the Company nor BG Fund ICAV has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that:all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results;the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; andif you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.Attachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.23,0.77,True,English,"['BGHL', 'EUR', 'NAV', 'GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary Shares', 'The Class B Euro Shares', 'BGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares', 'A Liquidity Enhancement Agreement', 'Class GBP A Shares', 'Euro Shares Sterling Shares', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam', 'A N/A Average Price', 'US Investment Company Act', 'Euro Shares Amsterdam', 'Sterling Shares Shares', 'A N/A Range', 'expert financial advice', 'Guernsey Policy Council', 'collective investment scheme', 'other professional advice', 'BG Fund ICAV', 'Gavaudan Investment Management', 'closed-ended investment company', 'UK Listing Authority', 'US Securities Act', 'investment manager fees', 'BG Fund NAV', '850 N/A Shares', 'The Shares', 'Dutch Authority', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'A Premium/discount', 'N/A GBX', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'US persons', 'Financial Markets', 'The Directors', 'The Company', 'investment performance', 'original investment', 'investment decision', 'performance fees', 'BGHL Capital', 'management fees', 'MTD return', 'YTD return', 'ITD return', 'financieel toezicht', 'Official List', 'applicable law', 'public offering', 'other jurisdiction', 'main market', 'United States', 'following information', 'information purposes', 'necessary approval', 'future results', 'listed securities', 'Market information', 'LSE) Market', 'BOUSSARD', 'business', 'returns', 'AEX', 'Transactions', 'treasury', 'Number', 'respect', 'role', 'LLP.', 'Email', 'article', 'conjunction', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', 'mind', 'risk', 'past', 'guarantee', 'doubt', 'contents', 'communication', 'substitute', 'Attachment', '73']",2023-03-31,2023-04-01,globenewswire.com
21997,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/03/31/2638340/0/en/Pixium-Vision-announces-FDA-Breakthrough-Device-Designation-for-the-Prima-System-in-Dry-AMD.html,Pixium Vision announces FDA Breakthrough Device Designation for the Prima System in Dry AMD,Pixium Vision announces FDA Breakthrough Device Designation for the Prima System in Dry AMD  Pixium Vision to receive interactive communication with...,"English FrenchPixium Vision announces FDA Breakthrough Device Designation for the Prima System in Dry AMDPixium Vision to receive interactive communication with FDA through premarket review phase of Prima System and potential prioritized regulatory reviewBreakthrough Device Designation aims to expedite development of medical devices that can treat or diagnose life-threatening or debilitating conditionsPRIMAvera European pivotal trial in dry AMD fully recruited and on track to report primary endpoints around the end of 2023Streamlined reimbursement options available upon approval in the United-StatesParis  France  March 31  2023 – 07:00 CET – Pixium Vision SA (Euronext Growth Paris - FR0011950641; Mnemo: ALPIX)  a bioelectronics company that develops innovative bionic vision systems to enable patients who have lost their sight to live more independent lives  announces today the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) has granted Breakthrough Device Designation to the company's Prima System  a photovoltaic substitute of photoreceptors providing simultaneous use of the central prosthetic and peripheral natural vision implanted in human patients with atrophic dry age-related macular degeneration (AMD) to partially restore their vision.The Breakthrough Device Designation aims to supply patients and healthcare providers with timely access to new medical devices that offer more effective treatment or diagnosis of life-threatening or irreversibly debilitating diseases or conditions by speeding up their development  assessment and review. To receive the designation  a device must also have either breakthrough technology  or no approved or cleared alternatives  or significant advantages over existing approved or cleared alternatives  or its availability must be in the best interest of patients.Under the program  Pixium Vision will have the opportunity to interact with the FDA's experts during the premarket review phase of the Prima System to identify areas of agreement in a timely way and could also receive prioritized review of the regulatory submission.""To receive this Breakthrough Device Designation and have the FDA recognize the therapeutic potential of our Prima System is a significant achievement for Pixium Vision  especially as only a small proportion of devices awarded the designation are intended to treat ophthalmologic conditions1 "" said Lloyd Diamond  Chief Executive Officer of Pixium Vision. ""Our Prima System is making great progress in the clinic with a read-out on the primary endpoints due toward the end of this year. This designation not only helps us to expedite the development of the Prima System but also affords us the opportunity of working closely with the FDA in refining the Prima System for its US regulatory submission. In addition  after receiving market authorization  there are outpatient and inpatient reimbursement pathways that are more readily accessible as a result of receiving Breakthrough Device Designation.""In December 2022  Pixium Vision announced the completion of implantations in the European pivotal trial PRIMAvera and confirmed a read-out of the study's primary endpoints around the end of 2023  with a regulatory submission in Europe in H1 2024.The PRIMAvera study design is based on the positive data generated in a French feasibility study  showing the ability of patients with dry AMD to improve visual acuity with the Prima System. The primary efficacy endpoint of the PRIMAvera study is the proportion of subjects with an improvement of visual acuity of logMAR 0.2 or more from baseline after 12 months  and the primary safety endpoint is the number and severity of device and procedure-related serious adverse events at 12 months follow-up. The study will include three years of follow-up  with an assessment of the primary endpoints at 12 months after implantation.About Pixium VisionPixium Vision is creating a world of bionic vision for those who have lost their sight  enabling them to regain visual perception and greater autonomy. Pixium Vision’s bionic vision systems are associated with a surgical intervention and a rehabilitation period. Prima System sub-retinal miniature photovoltaic wireless implant is in clinical testing for patients who have lost their sight due to outer retinal degeneration  initially for atrophic dry age-related macular degeneration (dry AMD). Pixium Vision collaborates closely with academic and research partners  including some of the most prestigious vision research institutions in the world  such as Stanford University in California  Institut de la Vision in Paris  Moorfields Eye Hospital in London  Institute of Ocular Microsurgery (IMO) in Barcelona  University hospital in Bonn  and UPMC in Pittsburgh  PA. The company is EN ISO 13485 certified and qualifies as “Entreprise Innovante” by Bpifrance.Forward-Looking Statements. This press release contains certain forward-looking statements. Although the Company believes its expectations are based on reasonable assumptions  these forward-looking statements are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties  which could cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated. For a discussion of risks and uncertainties which could cause the Company's actual results  financial condition  performance or achievements to differ from those contained in the forward looking statements  please refer to the Risk Factors (“Facteurs de Risques”) section of the Company’s 2021 Half-Year Financial Report and other documents the Company files with the AMF  which is available on the AMF website (www.amf- france.org) or on the Company’s website.For more information: http://www.pixium-vision.com/frFollow us on @PixiumVision ; www.facebook.com/pixiumvisionwww.linkedin.com/company/pixium-visionContactsPixium VisionOffer NonhoffChief Financial Officerinvestors@pixium-vision.com+33 1 76 21 47 68 Media RelationsLifeSci AdvisorsSophie Baumontsophie@lifesciadvisors.com+33 6 27 74 74 49 Investor RelationsLifeSci AdvisorsGuillaume van Renterghemgvanrenterghem@lifesciadvisors.com+41 76 735 01 311 https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/how-study-and-market-your-device/breakthrough-devices-program#s2",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.53,0.07,0.39,True,English,"['FDA Breakthrough Device Designation', 'Pixium Vision', 'Prima System', 'Dry AMD', 'Prima System sub-retinal miniature photovoltaic wireless implant', 'atrophic dry age-related macular degeneration', 'procedure-related serious adverse events', 'PRIMAvera European pivotal trial', 'European pivotal trial PRIMAvera', 'The PRIMAvera study design', 'prestigious vision research institutions', 'innovative bionic vision systems', 'The Breakthrough Device Designation', 'potential prioritized regulatory review', 'outer retinal degeneration', 'FDA Breakthrough Device Designation', 'U.S. Food', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'premarket review phase', 'inpatient reimbursement pathways', 'Moorfields Eye Hospital', 'peripheral natural vision', 'primary efficacy endpoint', 'primary safety endpoint', 'US regulatory submission', 'Euronext Growth Paris', 'French feasibility study', 'new medical devices', 'Pixium Vision SA', 'photovoltaic substitute', 'prioritized review', 'breakthrough technology', 'therapeutic potential', 'research partners', 'Dry AMD', 'English French', 'reimbursement options', 'University hospital', 'primary endpoints', 'la Vision', 'interactive communication', 'United-States Paris', 'independent lives', 'Drug Administration', 'simultaneous use', 'central prosthetic', 'healthcare providers', 'timely access', 'effective treatment', 'debilitating diseases', 'significant advantages', 'best interest', 'timely way', 'significant achievement', 'Lloyd Diamond', 'great progress', 'market authorization', 'positive data', 'visual acuity', 'three years', 'visual perception', 'greater autonomy', 'surgical intervention', 'rehabilitation period', 'clinical testing', 'Stanford University', 'Ocular Microsurgery', 'EN ISO', 'Forward-Looking Statements', 'press release', 'reasonable assumptions', 'numerous risks', 'debilitating conditions', 'ophthalmologic conditions', 'small proportion', 'bioelectronics company', 'human patients', 'development', 'life-threatening', 'track', 'approval', 'France', 'March', '07:00 CET', 'Mnemo', 'ALPIX', 'sight', 'photoreceptors', 'diagnosis', 'irreversibly', 'assessment', 'alternatives', 'existing', 'availability', 'program', 'opportunity', 'experts', 'areas', 'agreement', 'addition', 'outpatient', 'result', 'December', 'completion', 'implantations', 'H1', 'subjects', 'improvement', 'logMAR', 'baseline', '12 months', 'number', 'severity', 'up', 'world', 'academic', 'California', 'London', 'Institute', 'IMO', 'Barcelona', 'Bonn', 'Pittsburgh', 'Entreprise', 'expectations', 'uncertainties', '2023']",2023-03-31,2023-04-01,globenewswire.com
21998,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/AMOEBA-112388609/news/Amoeba-31-03-2023-Amoeba-announces-its-collaboration-with-Nissan-Chemical-Corporation-for-the-bi-43388766/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230331,Amoeba : 31/03/2023 - Amoéba announces its collaboration with Nissan Chemical Corporation for the biocontrol application,(marketscreener.com)   BIOCONTROL   Amoéba announces its collaboration with Nissan Chemical Corporation for the biocontrol application.   Lyon   March 31st  2023- 08h30 - AMOÉBA an industrial biotech in pre-commercialization* specialized in the treatm…,BIOCONTROLAmoéba announces its collaboration with Nissan Chemical Corporation for the biocontrol application.Lyon (France)  March 31st  2023- 08h30 - AMOÉBA (FR0011051598 - ALMIB) an industrial biotech in pre-commercialization* specialized in the treatment of microbiological risk  developing a biocontrol agent for the treatment of plants in agriculture and a biological biocide for the treatment of industrial water  announces that  in the framework of a Material Transfer Agreement  Nissan Chemical Corporation has started a performance evaluation study of the mixture of one of its products with an Amoéba biocontrol experimental product.The aim of this evaluation is to determine the performance in controlling grapevine downy mildew of the combination of Nissan Leimay® product (suspension concentrate at 200 g/l amisulbrom) and Amoéba AXP12 experimental product (suspension concentrate at 215 g/l lysate of Willaertia magna C2c Maky) This extemporaneous mixture was tested in two trials against grapevine downy mildew in Italy  in conditions of high disease pressure. Ten applications at 7-day intervals were made.The combination Leimay®+ AXP12  tested at a reduced dose of both products  was very efficient on leaves and bunches. It is superior to Leimay® and AXP12 used alone at their full dose  which could allow a reduction in the dose of either or both products.Moreover  the performance of this mixture is significantly better than the reference product of the trials  copper hydroxide (at the rate of 200 g active ingredient/ha/treatment).These results support the continuation of the experiment in 2023.About AMOÉBA:Amoéba's ambition is to become a major player in the treatment of microbiological risk in the water  plant protection and health sectors. Based on the natural properties of the amoeba Willaertia magna C2c Maky  our biological solution is a viable alternative to the chemical products widely used in the industry today. Amoeba is currently focused on the closed system industrial cooling tower market in the United States estimated at €200 million (1) and on the global biocontrol market for plant protection estimated at €3 billion (2)  out of a global market for chemical fungicides estimated at €21 billion (3). The commercialization of the associated biocides and phytosanitary products is subject to local regulatory approvals.*At the end of 2022  Amoeba obtained approval of its active substance for biocidal use in closed cooling system and for biocontrol use in the United States. The substance has also been recommended for biocontrol use in Europe by the Austrian authority in the same year. The company is currently in a pre-commercialization phase for biocidal and plant protection applications and is expected to market its products by 2025. Founded in 2010and based in Chassieu (Lyon  France)  Amoéba is listed on Euronext Growth. The Company is a member of the BPI Excellence network and is eligible for the PEA-PME scheme. For more information  please visit www.amoeba-nature.com.(1): Amoéba data(2): IBMA data(3): Amoeba dataContacts :Amoéba Valérie FILIATRECalyptusDeputy General Manager+33 4 26 69 16 00v.filiatre@amoeba-nature.comInvestor & Press Relations Nicolas HELIN / Mathieu CALLEUX+33 1 53 65 37 90 /91amoeba@calyptus.netDisclaimerThis press release contains certain forward-looking statements concerning AMOEBA which are based on its own assumptions and hypothesis and on information that are available to us. However  AMOEBA gives no assurance that the estimates contained in such forward-looking statements will be verified  which estimates are subject to numerous risks including the risks set forth in the reference document of AMOEBA filed with the French Financial Markets Authority (Autorité des Marchés Financiers) on April 12  2022 under number D22-0280 and available on the AMOÉBA website (www.amoeba-nature.com). The forward-looking statements contained in this press release are also subject to risks not yet known to AMOEBA or not currently considered material by AMOEBA. The occurrence of all or part of such risks could cause actual results  financial conditions  performance  or achievements of AMOEBA to be materially different from such forward-looking statements.Adresse : 38 Avenue des Frères Montgolfier  69680 CHASSIEU Société Anonyme au capital de 926 197 60€.RCS Lyon 523 877 215Tel: +33 (0)4 26 69 16 00 - Email:contact@amoeba-nature.comLinkedIn: @amoeba-nature - Twitter: @AmoebaNaturewww.amoeba-nature.com,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.47,0.21,0.31,True,English,"['Nissan Chemical Corporation', 'Amoéba', 'biocontrol application', 'Amoeba', 'collaboration', 'closed system industrial cooling tower market', '38 Avenue des Frères Montgolfier', 'Autorité des Marchés Financiers', 'amoeba Willaertia magna C2c Maky', 'Amoéba Valérie FILIATRE', 'Amoéba AXP12 experimental product', 'Amoéba biocontrol experimental product', 'CHASSIEU Société Anonyme', 'French Financial Markets Authority', 'closed cooling system', 'AMOÉBA website', 'Nissan Leimay® product', 'Material Transfer Agreement', 'grapevine downy mildew', 'high disease pressure', 'local regulatory approvals', 'BPI Excellence network', 'Deputy General Manager', 'global biocontrol market', 'Amoéba data', 'Nissan Chemical Corporation', 'Leimay®+ AXP12', '200 g active ingredient', 'plant protection applications', 'performance evaluation study', 'global market', 'reference product', 'industrial biotech', 'Austrian authority', 'industrial water', 'Ten applications', 'chemical fungicides', 'financial conditions', 'biocontrol application', 'biocontrol agent', 'biocontrol use', 'IBMA data', 'microbiological risk', 'biological biocide', 'l lysate', '7-day intervals', 'copper hydroxide', 'major player', 'health sectors', 'natural properties', 'biological solution', 'viable alternative', 'United States', 'associated biocides', 'active substance', 'same year', 'Euronext Growth', 'PEA-PME scheme', 'Press Relations', 'Nicolas HELIN', 'Mathieu CALLEUX', 'press release', 'looking statements', 'reference document', 'chemical products', 'Amoeba data', 'reduced dose', 'full dose', 'two trials', 'biocidal use', 'commercialization phase', 'The Company', 'actual results', 'extemporaneous mixture', 'phytosanitary products', 'RCS Lyon', 'numerous risks', '215 g', 'collaboration', 'France', '08h30', 'ALMIB', 'pre-commercialization', 'treatment', 'plants', 'agriculture', 'framework', 'aim', 'combination', 'suspension', 'amisulbrom', 'Italy', 'leaves', 'bunches', 'reduction', 'rate', 'continuation', 'ambition', 'industry', 'end', 'Europe', 'member', 'information', 'amoeba-nature', 'Contacts', 'Calyptus', 'Investor', 'forward', 'assumptions', 'hypothesis', 'assurance', 'estimates', 'April', 'number', 'part', 'achievements', 'Adresse', 'capital', 'Tel', 'Email', 'LinkedIn', 'Twitter', 'AmoebaNaturewww', '4']",2023-03-31,2023-04-01,marketscreener.com
21999,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.finanznachrichten.de/nachrichten-2023-03/58720141-stellantis-n-v-weekly-report-march-24-30-2023-on-the-first-tranche-of-stellantis-share-buyback-program-399.htm,STELLANTIS N.V.: Weekly Report (March 24-30  2023) on the First Tranche of Stellantis Share Buyback Program,"Report (March 24-30  2023) on the First Tranche of Stellantis Share Buyback Program AMSTERDAM  March 31  2023 - Stellantis N.V. (""Stellantis"" or the ""Company"") announced today that pursuant to its","Weekly Report (March 24-30  2023) on the First Tranche of Stellantis Share Buyback ProgramAMSTERDAM  March 31  2023 - Stellantis N.V. (""Stellantis"" or the ""Company"") announced today that pursuant to its First Tranche of the Share Buyback Program announced on March 16  2023  covering up to €500 million to be executed in the open market during the period between March 17  2023 and June 19  2023  it has repurchased the following common shares in the period between March 24 up to and including March 30  2023:Date Number of Shares Repurchased Average Market Purchase Price in € per share Repurchased Volume in € (excluding fees) Venues 24.03.2023 95.000 € 15 8425 € 1.505.038 PARE 27.03.2023 91.939 € 16 2029 € 1.489.678 PARE 28.03.2023 92.000 € 16 3074 € 1.500.281 MILE 29.03.2023 155.000 € 16 3182 € 2.529.321 MILE 30.03.2023 155.000 € 16 5770 € 2.569.435 MILE Total 588.939 € 16 2899 € 9.593.753Since March 17  2023 up to and including March 30  2023  the Company has purchased a total of 1 198 740 common shares for a total consideration of € 19 371 403.As of March 30  2023  the Company held in treasury No. 70.324.284 common shares equal to 2.19% of the total issued share capital including the common shares and the special voting shares.A comprehensive overview of the transactions carried out under the buyback program  as well as the details of the above transactions  are available on Stellantis' corporate website under the Share Buyback Program Section www.stellantis.com/en/investors/stock-and-shareholder-info/share-buyback-program .###About StellantisStellantis N.V. (NYSE: STLA / Euronext Milan: STLAM / Euronext Paris: STLAP) is one of the world's leading automakers and a mobility provider. Its storied and iconic brands embody the passion of their visionary founders and today's customers in their innovative products and services  including Abarth  Alfa Romeo  Chrysler  Citroën  Dodge  DS Automobiles  Fiat  Jeep ®   Lancia  Maserati  Opel  Peugeot  Ram  Vauxhall  Free2move and Leasys. Powered by our diversity  we lead the way the world moves - aspiring to become the greatest sustainable mobility tech company  not the biggest  while creating added value for all stakeholders as well as the communities in which it operates. For more information  visit www.stellantis.com.@Stellantis Stellantis Stellantis StellantisFor more information  contact:Fernão SILVEIRA +31 6 43 25 43 41 - fernao.silveira@stellantis.comcommunications@stellantis.comwww.stellantis.comFORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTSThis communication contains forward-looking statements. In particular  statements regarding future events and anticipated results of operations  business strategies  the anticipated benefits of the proposed transaction  future financial and operating results  the anticipated closing date for the proposed transaction and other anticipated aspects of our operations or operating results are forward-looking statements. These statements may include terms such as ""may""  ""will""  ""expect""  ""could""  ""should""  ""intend""  ""estimate""  ""anticipate""  ""believe""  ""remain""  ""on track""  ""design""  ""target""  ""objective""  ""goal""  ""forecast""  ""projection""  ""outlook""  ""prospects""  ""plan""  or similar terms. Forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance. Rather  they are based on Stellantis' current state of knowledge  future expectations and projections about future events and are by their nature  subject to inherent risks and uncertainties. They relate to events and depend on circumstances that may or may not occur or exist in the future and  as such  undue reliance should not be placed on them.Actual results may differ materially from those expressed in forward-looking statements as a result of a variety of factors  including: the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic  the ability of Stellantis to launch new products successfully and to maintain vehicle shipment volumes; changes in the global financial markets  general economic environment and changes in demand for automotive products  which is subject to cyclicality; changes in local economic and political conditions  changes in trade policy and the imposition of global and regional tariffs or tariffs targeted to the automotive industry  the enactment of tax reforms or other changes in tax laws and regulations; Stellantis' ability to expand certain of their brands globally; its ability to offer innovative  attractive products; its ability to develop  manufacture and sell vehicles with advanced features including enhanced electrification  connectivity and autonomous-driving characteristics; various types of claims  lawsuits  governmental investigations and other contingencies  including product liability and warranty claims and environmental claims  investigations and lawsuits; material operating expenditures in relation to compliance with environmental  health and safety regulations; the intense level of competition in the automotive industry  which may increase due to consolidation; exposure to shortfalls in the funding of Stellantis' defined benefit pension plans; the ability to provide or arrange for access to adequate financing for dealers and retail customers and associated risks related to the establishment and operations of financial services companies; the ability to access funding to execute Stellantis' business plans and improve its businesses  financial condition and results of operations; a significant malfunction  disruption or security breach compromising information technology systems or the electronic control systems contained in Stellantis' vehicles; Stellantis' ability to realize anticipated benefits from joint venture arrangements; disruptions arising from political  social and economic instability; risks associated with our relationships with employees  dealers and suppliers; increases in costs  disruptions of supply or shortages of raw materials  parts  components and systems used in Stellantis' vehicles; developments in labor and industrial relations and developments in applicable labor laws; exchange rate fluctuations  interest rate changes  credit risk and other market risks; political and civil unrest; earthquakes or other disasters; risks and other items described in the Company's Annual Report on Form 20-F for he year ended December 31  2022 and Current Reports on Form 6-K and amendments thereto filed with the SEC; and other risks and uncertainties.Any forward-looking statements contained in this communication speak only as of the date of this document and Stellantis disclaims any obligation to update or revise publicly forward-looking statements. Further information concerning Stellantis and its businesses  including factors that could materially affect Stellantis' financial results  is included in Stellantis' reports and filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission and AFM.",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.14,0.14,0.72,True,English,"['Stellantis Share Buyback Program', 'STELLANTIS N.V.', 'Weekly Report', 'First Tranche', 'March', 'greatest sustainable mobility tech company', 'defined benefit pension plans', 'Average Market Purchase Price', 'Share Buyback Program Section', 'Stellantis Share Buyback Program', 'vehicle shipment volumes', 'general economic environment', 'material operating expenditures', 'special voting shares', 'Fernão SILVEIRA', 'other anticipated aspects', 'innovative, attractive products', ""Stellantis' corporate website"", 'global financial markets', 'Stellantis N.V.', 'mobility provider', 'open market', 'share capital', 'innovative products', 'Citroën', 'anticipated results', 'local economic', 'operating results', 'other contingencies', 'future financial', 'new products', 'automotive products', 'Weekly Report', 'First Tranche', 'common shares', 'treasury No.', 'comprehensive overview', 'Euronext Milan', 'Euronext Paris', 'leading automakers', 'visionary founders', 'Alfa Romeo', 'DS Automobiles', 'business strategies', 'current state', 'inherent risks', 'undue reliance', 'Actual results', 'COVID-19 pandemic', 'political conditions', 'trade policy', 'automotive industry', 'tax reforms', 'tax laws', 'advanced features', 'autonomous-driving characteristics', 'various types', 'product liability', 'environmental, health', 'intense level', 'future performance', 'future expectations', 'FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS', 'warranty claims', 'environmental claims', 'other changes', 'total consideration', 'iconic brands', 'future events', 'closing date', 'similar terms', 'regional tariffs', 'safety regulations', 'Stellantis Stellantis', 'MILE Total', 'March', 'AMSTERDAM', 'period', 'June', 'Number', 'fees', 'Venues', 'PARE', 'transactions', 'details', 'investors', 'stock', 'shareholder', 'buyback-program', 'NYSE', 'STLA', 'world', 'storied', 'passion', 'customers', 'services', 'Abarth', 'Chrysler', 'Dodge', 'Fiat', 'Jeep', 'Lancia', 'Maserati', 'Opel', 'Peugeot', 'Vauxhall', 'Free2move', 'Leasys', 'diversity', 'way', 'added', 'value', 'stakeholders', 'communities', 'information', 'fernao', 'communication', 'operations', 'benefits', 'may', 'track', 'design', 'target', 'projection', 'outlook', 'prospects', 'guarantees', 'knowledge', 'nature', 'uncertainties', 'circumstances', 'variety', 'factors', 'impact', 'demand', 'cyclicality', 'enactment', 'vehicles', 'enhanced', 'electrification', 'connectivity', 'lawsuits', 'investigations', 'relation', 'compliance', 'competition', 'consolidation', 'exposure', 'shortfalls', 'funding']",2023-03-05,2023-04-01,finanznachrichten.de
22000,EuroNext,Bing API,https://en.portnews.ru/news/345226/,DEME presents its first Annual Report since listing on Euronext Brussels,The Company provides insights on its strategy  DEME's four segments – Offshore Energy  Dredging & Infra  Environmental and Concessions,"2023 April 1 11:41DEME presents its first Annual Report since listing on Euronext BrusselsThe Company provides insights on its strategy  DEME's four segments – Offshore Energy  Dredging & Infra  Environmental and ConcessionsDEME has presented its first Annual Report since listing on Euronext Brussels. The 2022 Annual Report brings our financial and non-financial key figures  QHSE and sustainability results together  reflecting how the Company is striving towards future-proof and holistic business reporting.""We provide insights on our strategy  our four DEME segments – Offshore Energy  Dredging & Infra  Environmental and Concessions  and include dedicated sections on corporate governance  risk management  innovation and collaborations with our stakeholders "" DEME said in its press release.Record orderbook and all-time high turnover​In their joint message in the Annual Report  CEO Luc Vandenbulcke and Chairman Luc Bertrand  emphasise: “We are certainly pleased with the progress we have made and the results of 2022  which position us well to deliver on our strategic ambitions going forward  but we would like to stress that these results are only possible thanks to DEME’s amazingly smart people – the renowned ‘One DEME  One Team’.“In this momentous year in DEME’s history  we are very pleased to say that despite the challenges we faced  such as geopolitical tensions and high inflation  we still achieved a record orderbook and solid turnover growth  which is at an all-time high.”Commitment to sustainability​In the Annual Report we articulate how DEME continues to shape the world as it plays a key role in the energy transition and tackles global issues such as rising sea levels  a growing population  a reduction of emissions  polluted rivers and soils  and the scarcity of mineral resources. We emphasise how our mission to create a more sustainable planet underlies everything we do. We have identified eight sustainability themes and the report outlines our commitment to sustainable performance and the progress we have made during the year.Long-term value for stakeholders​Another important highlight in DEME’s history was when it became a stock-listed company on Euronext Brussels in June 2022. The decision to list the company was partly to give the company direct visibility in the market – it would allow us to ‘tell our own story’ - ultimately enabling us to drive our strategy and ambitions forward.This new Annual Report outlines our achievements in 2022 and shows how DEME is playing a key role in creating a more sustainable planet for future generations to come. At the same time  DEME is creating long-term value for its stakeholders.",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.84,0.15,0.01,True,English,"['first Annual Report', 'Euronext Brussels', 'DEME', 'listing', 'holistic business reporting', 'CEO Luc Vandenbulcke', 'Chairman Luc Bertrand', 'rising sea levels', 'solid turnover growth', 'non-financial key figures', 'first Annual Report', 'new Annual Report', 'eight sustainability themes', 'The 2022 Annual Report', 'four DEME segments', 'four segments', 'high turnover', 'key role', 'Euronext Brussels', 'Offshore Energy', 'dedicated sections', 'corporate governance', 'risk management', 'press release', 'Record orderbook', 'joint message', 'smart people', 'One Team', 'geopolitical tensions', 'high inflation', 'energy transition', 'global issues', 'growing population', 'mineral resources', 'sustainable planet', 'sustainable performance', 'Long-term value', 'important highlight', 'direct visibility', 'future generations', 'The Company', 'strategic ambitions', 'momentous year', 'listed company', 'sustainability results', 'same time', 'One DEME', 'April', 'listing', 'insights', 'strategy', 'Dredging', 'Infra', 'Environmental', 'Concessions', 'QHSE', 'future-proof', 'innovation', 'collaborations', 'stakeholders', 'progress', 'renowned', 'history', 'challenges', 'Commitment', 'world', 'reduction', 'emissions', 'rivers', 'soils', 'scarcity', 'everything', 'June', 'decision', 'market', 'achievements']",2023-04-01,2023-04-01,en.portnews.ru
22001,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.finanznachrichten.de/nachrichten-2023-03/58715681-asm-international-nv-asm-international-n-v-announces-the-availability-of-the-2023-agm-materials-399.htm,ASM International NV: ASM INTERNATIONAL N.V. ANNOUNCES THE AVAILABILITY OF THE 2023 AGM MATERIALS,Almere  the NetherlandsMarch 31  2023 ASM International N.V. (Euronext Amsterdam: ASM) today announces that the information regarding the Annual General Meeting scheduled for May 15  2023 (AGM)  is,Almere  the NetherlandsMarch 31  2023ASM International N.V. (Euronext Amsterdam: ASM) today announces that the information regarding the Annual General Meeting scheduled for May 15  2023 (AGM)  is now available on the Company's website. This information includes the convocation  the agenda and annexes thereto. The U.S. market proxy materials for holders of New York Registry Shares are also posted on our website.The AGM will commence at 2:00 p.m. CET.The AGM can be attended in person by shareholders. Our shareholders are also offered the possibility to exercise their voting rights by proxy and to follow (view and hear only) the meeting through our live webcast.The agenda for the AGM includes  amongst others  a change of the remuneration policy for the Management Board  approval of the proposal to declare a regular dividend of €2.50 per common share  approval of reappointment of KPMG Accountants N.V. for the financial year 2023 and the financial year 2024 and approval of the annual accounts of 2022.In accordance with applicable legal requirements in the Netherlands the record date for the AGM is April 17  2023. The total number of issued shares in ASM International N.V. as per today amounts to 49 348 548 common shares. Considering the number of shares held in treasury as per today  amounting to 10 476 shares  the number of voting shares amounts to 49 338 072.About ASM InternationalASM International N.V.  headquartered in Almere  the Netherlands  and its subsidiaries design and manufacture equipment and process solutions to produce semiconductor devices for wafer processing  and have facilities in the United States  Europe  and Asia. ASM International's common stock trades on the Euronext Amsterdam Stock Exchange (symbol ASM). For more information  visit ASM's website at www.asm.com .Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements: All matters discussed in this press release  except for any historical data  are forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements. These include  but are not limited to  economic conditions and trends in the semiconductor industry generally and the timing of the industry cycles specifically  currency fluctuations  corporate transactions  financing and liquidity matters  the success of restructurings  the timing of significant orders  market acceptance of new products  competitive factors  litigation involving intellectual property  shareholders or other issues  commercial and economic disruption due to natural disasters  terrorist activity  armed conflict or political instability  changes in import/export regulations  epidemics and other risks indicated in the Company's reports and financial statements. The Company assumes no obligation nor intends to update or revise any forward-looking statements to reflect future developments or circumstances.CONTACTInvestor and Media contact:Victor BareñoT: +31 88 100 8500E: investor.relations@asm.comAttachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.01,0.19,0.8,True,English,"['ASM INTERNATIONAL N.V. ANNOUNCES', 'ASM International NV', '2023 AGM MATERIALS', 'AVAILABILITY', 'THE', 'The U.S. market proxy materials', 'KPMG Accountants N.V.', 'Victor Bareño T', 'Euronext Amsterdam Stock Exchange', 'ASM International N.V.', 'New York Registry Shares', 'applicable legal requirements', 'common stock trades', 'Annual General Meeting', 'market acceptance', 'new products', 'annual accounts', 'The AGM', 'common share', 'The Company', 'voting rights', 'live webcast', 'remuneration policy', 'Management Board', 'regular dividend', 'financial year', 'record date', 'process solutions', 'semiconductor devices', 'wafer processing', 'United States', 'Cautionary Note', 'Forward-Looking Statements', 'press release', 'historical data', 'actual results', 'economic conditions', 'semiconductor industry', 'industry cycles', 'currency fluctuations', 'corporate transactions', 'significant orders', 'competitive factors', 'intellectual property', 'other issues', 'economic disruption', 'natural disasters', 'terrorist activity', 'armed conflict', 'political instability', 'import/export regulations', 'financial statements', 'future developments', 'voting shares', 'liquidity matters', 'other risks', 'Media contact', 'total number', '10,476 shares', 'Almere', 'Netherlands', 'March', 'information', 'May', 'website', 'convocation', 'agenda', 'annexes', 'holders', 'CET', 'person', 'possibility', 'others', 'approval', 'proposal', 'reappointment', 'accordance', 'today', 'treasury', 'subsidiaries', 'manufacture', 'equipment', 'facilities', 'Europe', 'Asia', 'symbol', 'uncertainties', 'trends', 'timing', 'financing', 'success', 'restructurings', 'litigation', 'commercial', 'changes', 'epidemics', 'reports', 'obligation', 'circumstances', 'Investor', 'Attachment', '2:00']",2023-03-05,2023-04-01,finanznachrichten.de
22002,EuroNext,Bing API,http://markets.buffalonews.com/buffnews/article/gnwcq-2023-3-31-oxurion-publishes-2022-annual-report,Oxurion Publishes 2022 Annual Report,PM CET – Oxurion NV (Euronext Brussels: OXUR) a biopharmaceutical company developing next generation standard of care ophthalmic therapies  with clinical stage assets in vascular retinal disorders  published its annual report for the financial year 2022.,Regulated InformationLeuven  BELGIUM  Boston  MA  US – March 31  2023 – 07.00 PM CET – Oxurion NV (Euronext Brussels: OXUR) a biopharmaceutical company developing next generation standard of care ophthalmic therapies  with clinical stage assets in vascular retinal disorders  published its annual report for the financial year 2022. The annual report for the year ending December 31  2022 is available in the “Investors” section of the Company’s website  and can also be downloaded as a PDF.About OxurionOxurion (Euronext Brussels: OXUR) is a biopharmaceutical company developing next generation standard of care ophthalmic therapies  which are designed to improve and better preserve vision in patients with retinal disorders including diabetic macular edema (DME)  the leading cause of vision loss in working-age people  as well as other conditions. Oxurion intends to play an important role in the treatment of retinal disorders  including the successful development of THR-149  its novel therapeutic for the treatment of DME. THR-149 is a potent plasma kallikrein inhibitor being developed as a potential new standard of care for the up to 50% of DME patients showing suboptimal response to anti-VEGF therapy. Oxurion is headquartered in Leuven  Belgium  with corporate operations in Boston  MA. More information is available at www.oxurion.com.For further information please contact:Oxurion NVTom GraneyChief Executive OfficerTel: +32 16 75 13 10tom.graney@oxurion.comMichaël DillenChief Business OfficerTel: +32 16 75 13 10michael.dillen@oxurion.com USConway CommunicationsMary T. Conwaymtconway@conwaycommsir.comICR WestwickeChristopher BrinzeyTel: +1 617 835 9304chris.brinzey@westwicke.comAttachments,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,True,English,"['2022 Annual Report', 'Oxurion', 'potent plasma kallikrein inhibitor', 'next generation standard', 'clinical stage assets', 'diabetic macular edema', 'potential new standard', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'Chief Business Officer', 'Mary T. Conway', 'care ophthalmic therapies', 'Michaël Dillen', 'vascular retinal disorders', 'Regulated Information Leuven', 'Conway Communications', '07.00 PM CET', 'Euronext Brussels', 'annual report', 'Investors” section', 'leading cause', 'working-age people', 'other conditions', 'important role', 'successful development', 'novel therapeutic', 'suboptimal response', 'anti-VEGF therapy', 'corporate operations', 'More information', 'biopharmaceutical company', 'financial year', 'vision loss', 'Tom Graney', 'ICR Westwicke', 'Christopher Brinzey', 'Oxurion NV', 'DME patients', 'BELGIUM', 'Boston', 'March', 'December', 'website', 'PDF', 'treatment', 'THR-149', 'Tel', 'Attachments', '32']",2023-03-31,2023-04-01,markets.buffalonews.com
22003,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.informazione.it/c/43A5A720-9155-4010-AF06-51D0616991D4/Information-on-the-Total-Number-of-Voting-Rights-and-Shares,Information on the Total Number of Voting Rights and Shares,Mont-Saint-Guibert (Belgium)  March 31  2023  10:30 pm CET / 4:30 pm ET – In accordance with article 15 of the Law of 2 May 2007 on the disclosure of large shareholdings  Nyxoah SA (Euronext Brussels and Nasdaq: NYXH) publishes the below information ...,Mont-Saint-Guibert (Belgium)  March 31  2023  10:30 pm CET / 4:30 pm ET – In accordance with article 15 of the Law of 2 May 2007 on the disclosure of large shareholdings  Nyxoah SA (Euronext Brussels and Nasdaq: NYXH) publishes the below information ...,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,True,English,"['Total Number', 'Voting Rights', 'Information', 'Shares', 'large shareholdings', 'Nyxoah SA', 'Euronext Brussels', 'Mont-Saint-Guibert', 'Belgium', 'March', 'accordance', 'article', 'Law', '2 May', 'disclosure', 'Nasdaq', 'NYXH', 'information', '10:30', '4:30']",2023-03-31,2023-04-01,informazione.it
22004,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.msn.com/en-us/money/topstocks/himalaya-shipping-shares-make-us-debut-following-dollar45m-ipo/ar-AA19kxHH,Himalaya Shipping shares make US debut following $45M IPO,Cleaves Securities is serving as co-manager. The company's shares are also traded on the Euronext Expand market in Norway under the symbol HSHP. Founded in March 2021  Himalaya has one new fuel-efficient Newcastlemax dry bulk vessel in operation and 11 ...,Bulk carrier Himalaya Shipping (NYSE:HSHP) shares made their market debut Friday following the Bermuda-based company's $45M US initial public offering.Himalaya shares opened at $6.05  reaching a high of $6.12. The stock closed at $5.80  according to NYSE data.Himalaya offered 7.7M shares priced at $5.80 per share. Underwriters were granted a 30-day option to buy up to 1.2M additional shares at the IPO price to cover over-allotments  according to the company.Joint bookrunners for the deal include DNB markets  Clarkson Securities  ABG Sundal Collier ASA  Arctic Securities  BTIG and Fearnley Securities. Cleaves Securities is serving as co-manager.The company's shares are also traded on the Euronext Expand market in Norway under the symbol HSHP.Founded in March 2021  Himalaya has one new fuel-efficient Newcastlemax dry bulk vessel in operation and 11 more under construction in China. While the company plans to sail the vessels worldwide  key routes will be Brazil to China and Australia to China.Himalaya first filed for the IPO earlier this month  indicating it was seeking to raise around $10M.Now read: US IPO market rose modestly in Q1 as global market sank,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,negative,0.07,0.46,0.46,True,English,"['Himalaya Shipping shares', 'US debut', '$45M IPO', 'one new fuel-efficient Newcastlemax dry bulk vessel', '$45M US initial public offering', 'ABG Sundal Collier ASA', 'Bulk carrier Himalaya Shipping', 'US IPO market', '1.2M additional shares', 'market debut', 'NYSE data', '30-day option', 'IPO price', 'Joint bookrunners', 'DNB markets', 'Clarkson Securities', 'Arctic Securities', 'Fearnley Securities', 'Cleaves Securities', 'key routes', 'global market', '7.7M shares', 'Himalaya shares', 'Bermuda-based company', 'HSHP', 'high', 'stock', 'Underwriters', 'over', 'allotments', 'deal', 'BTIG', 'manager', 'Euronext', 'Norway', 'symbol', 'March', 'operation', 'construction', 'China', 'vessels', 'Brazil', 'Australia', 'Q1']",2023-03-31,2023-04-01,msn.com
22005,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,euronext is cool,nan,euronext is cool,positive,0.92,0.07,0.0,positive,0.92,0.07,0.0,True,English,"['euronext', 'euronext']",2023-04-01,2023-04-01,Unknown
22006,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,Other European stock markets higher on Friday  03/31/2023: Euronext 100 +0.72% at 1 360.26  higher for the week  Eu… https://t.co/8d3a2qkN7i,nan,Other European stock markets higher on Friday  03/31/2023: Euronext 100 +0.72% at 1 360.26  higher for the week  Eu… https://t.co/8d3a2qkN7i,neutral,0.08,0.9,0.01,neutral,0.08,0.9,0.01,True,English,"['Other European stock markets', 'Friday', 'Euronext', 'week', 'Other European stock markets', 'Friday', 'Euronext', 'week']",2023-03-31,2023-04-01,Unknown
