UID,Searchword,API,URL,Title,Summary,Article,Title_Sentiment,Title_Positive,Title_Neutral,Title_Negative,Article_Sentiment,Article_Positive,Article_Neutral,Article_Negative,Verified,Language,Topics,Date,Load_Date,Source
46848,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/11/06/2975440/0/en/Notice-to-Annual-General-Meeting-of-SkiStar-AB.html,Notice to Annual General Meeting of SkiStar AB,SkiStar AB (publ) will hold its Annual General Meeting (below referred to as AGM) on Saturday  December 14  2024  at 2 pm CET at Experium in Lindvallen  Sälen. Registration for the AGM will take place from 1.30 pm CET.,"SkiStar AB (publ) will hold its Annual General Meeting (below referred to as AGM) on Saturday  December 14  2024  at 2 pm CET at Experium in Lindvallen  Sälen. Registration for the AGM will take place from 1.30 pm CET.Right to participate and registrationShareholders wishing to participate in the AGM shall both be entered in the share register administered by Euroclear Sweden AB as per Friday  6 December 2024 and register their intention to participate in the AGM no later than on Tuesday  10 December 2024. Registration of participation in the AGM can be submittedat the Company’s webpage https://investor.skistar.com/en    by e-mail to GeneralMeetingService@euroclear.com (with reference “SkiStar AB Annual General Meeting”)in writing to SkiStar AB  ”Annual General Meeting”  c/o Euroclear Sweden AB  P.O. Box 191  SE-101 23 Stockholm  orby telephone: +46 (0)8 402 91 33 (Monday-Friday  9 am-4 pm CET).The shareholder’s name and personal identity number/corporate identity number must be provided when registering. In addition  the shareholders are kindly requested to provide contact details and number of shares held when registering. The Company must be provided with information regarding assistants  if any  at the time of registration.In addition to attending the AGM in person or by proxy  the shareholders will also be given the opportunity to exercise their voting rights through advance voting (see below under the heading advance voting (postal voting)).Nominee RegistrationShareholders who have their shares registered with an authorised nominee must  to have the right to participate in the AGM  temporarily re-register their shares in their own names. Shareholders who wish such re-registration  so-called registration of voting rights  must request it from its authorised nominee. Voting rights registrations made by the nominee no later than Tuesday  10 December 2024  will be considered when presenting the share register. This implies that the shareholders must inform the nominees of such re-registration in good time prior to this date. Such re-registration may be temporary.Advance voting (postal voting)Shareholders can  through verification with BankID  cast their postal vote electronically via Euroclear Sweden AB's website: https://anmalan.vpc.se/euroclearproxy . Shareholders can also cast their postal vote by e-mail or post by submitting a specific advance voting form. The form  instructions and contact information for advance voting are available on the Company's website: https://investor.skistar.com/en and can also be obtained by contacting the Company/Euroclear Sweden AB at contact information as above. The advance voting form is valid as a notification to attend the meeting. The completed voting form must be received by Euroclear Sweden AB no later than on 10 December 2024. The advance voting form  with any attached authorisation document  are to be submitted by e-mail to GeneralMeetingService@euroclear.com  or by mail to SkiStar AB  ""Annual General Meeting""  c/o Euroclear Sweden AB  Box 191  101 23 Stockholm. If the shareholder is a legal entity  a verified copy of the certificate of registration or an equivalent authority document for the legal entity shall be attached to the advance voting form. The same applies if the shareholder votes in advance by proxy.For the items on the agenda where the Board or the Nomination Committee have submitted proposals  it is possible to vote Yes or No  which is clearly stated in the advance voting form. A shareholder can also abstain from voting on any item. The shareholder may not provide special instructions or conditions in the voting form. If so  the advance vote is invalid in its entirety. Further instructions and conditions are included in the advance voting form.Note that shareholders wishing to participate in the AGM through advance voting shall  just as with personal participation  be entered in the share register as per Friday  6 December 2024 (and shares registered with an authorised nominee must be re-registered in the shareholder’s own name).Proxy and Proxy formShareholders who do not intend to be present in person at the AGM may – in addition to the above alternative of advanced voting – be represented by a proxy with a written  dated and duly signed power of attorney. Such power of attorney is considered to apply for a period of one year after being issued  or longer if clearly stated on the document  up to a maximum of five years. The power of attorney should be sent to the Company at the above address in good time prior to the AGM. If the power of attorney has been issued by a legal entity  a certified copy of the legal entity’s certificate of registration or equivalent should be attached. The Company provides the shareholders with a proxy form  if requested. The proxy form can be found at the Company’s webpage and can be ordered from the Company (see contact details above under the heading Right to participate and registration).Processing of personal dataPersonal data obtained from the share register kept by Euroclear Sweden AB  notices of attendance at the AGM and information on proxies will be used for registration  preparation of the voting list for the AGM and  where appropriate  the minutes of the AGM. For information on how your personal data is processed  please refer to the privacy policy available on Euroclear Sweden AB's website: https://www.euroclear.com/dam/ESwithLegal/Privacy-notice-bolagsstammor-engelska.pdf.Proposed agendaOpening of the meeting Election of Chairman of the Meeting Preparation and approval of the voting list Approval of agenda Election of two persons to verify the minutes Confirmation that the meeting has been duly convened Presentation by the CEO Presentation of the submitted annual report and auditor’s report  as well as the consolidated financial statements and auditor’s report for the consolidated accounts Resolution regarding adoption of the income statement and balance sheet  and the consolidated income statement and consolidated balance sheet Resolution regarding the appropriation of the Company’s profit according to the adopted balance sheet Resolution regarding the discharge from liability for the members of the Board of Directors and the CEO with regard to the financial year 2023/24 Resolution regarding the number of members and deputy members of the Board of Directors to be elected by the AGM Resolution regarding the fees for the members of the Board of Directors Election of members of the Board of Directors Election of Chairman of the Board of Directors Resolution regarding the number of auditors and deputy auditors  if any Resolution regarding the fees for the auditor Election of auditor Resolution regarding approval of the Board of Directors’ remuneration report for 2023/24 Resolution regarding the guidelines for remuneration to senior executives Resolution regarding authorization for the Board of Directors to resolve on new share issues Resolution on authorization providing the Board of Directors with the right to pass resolutions regarding acquisitions and sales of the Company’s own shares Closing of the AGMProposed resolutionsThe Nomination Committee’s proposalsThe Nomination Committee of SkiStar AB (publ) consists of Per Gullstrand  appointed by Ekhaga Utveckling AB  Peder Strand  appointed by Nordic Ski & Mountains AB  Niklas Johansson  appointed by Handelsbanken Fonder and Sara Karlsson  appointed by the Paulsson-family incl. companies. The Nomination Committee has appointed Per Gullstrand as its chairman. The Nomination Committee proposes the following.2. Election of Chairman of the MeetingThe Nomination Committee proposes the AGM to elect the chairman of the Board of Directors  Anders Sundström  chairman of the AGM.12. Resolution regarding the number of members and deputy members of the Board of Directors to be elected by the AGMThe Nomination Committee proposes that the number of members of the Board of Directors shall be seven  without deputies  for the period until the end of the next AGM.13. Resolution regarding the fees for the members of the Board of DirectorsThe Nomination Committee proposes that total fees for the Board of Directors  including Committee fees  shall amount to SEK 2 999 000 (2 890 000) in total. The fees shall be distributed as follows; SEK 695 000 (670 000) to the chairman of the Board of Directors and SEK 322 000 (310 000) to each of the other members of the Board of Directors that are not employed by the Company. Fees to the members of the Audit Committee shall amount to SEK 248 000 (240 000) in total  of which SEK 124 000 (120 000) to the chairman of the Committee and SEK 62 000 (60 000) to each of the other two members of the Audit Committee. Fees to the members of the Remuneration Committee shall amount to SEK 124 000 (120 000) in total  of which SEK 62 000 (60 000) to the chairman of the Committee and SEK 31 000 (30 000) to each of the other two members of the Remuneration Committee.14. Election of members of the Board of DirectorsThe Board Member Vegard Søraunet has informed the Nomination Committee that he refrains from being re-elected. The Nomination Committee proposes Anders Sundström  Lena Apler  Fredrik Paulsson  Gunilla Rudebjer  Anders Svensson and Carina Åkerström to be re-elected Members of the Board of Directors. In addition  Bent Oustad is proposed to be elected as new Member of the Board of Directors. All for the period until the end of the next AGM.Information about the person proposed for new election to the BoardBent OustadBorn: 1972. Bent Oustad is currently CEO of Norwegian Property AS. Other significant professional commitments: Board Member in Fabege AB. Principal education and professional experience: Master of Science in Business and Economics  as well as Master of International Business at the Norwegian School of Economics (NHH). Independence: Independent in relation to the Company and company management. Dependent in relation to major shareholders. Shareholding in SkiStar: 0.Information about the persons proposed for re-election to the Board etc.Information about the persons proposed for re-election and the Nomination Committee's motivated statement is available on the Company's website  https://investor.skistar.com/en .15. Election of Chairman of the Board of DirectorsThe Nomination Committee proposes Anders Sundström be re-elected chairman of the Board of Directors  for the period until the end of the next AGM.16. Resolution regarding the number of auditors and deputy auditors  if anyThe Nomination Committee proposes  in accordance with the Audit Committee’s recommendation  that the Company shall appoint one registered auditing firm as auditor  without deputies  for the period until the end of the next AGM.17. Resolution regarding the fees for the auditorThe Nomination Committee proposes  in accordance with the Audit Committee’s recommendation  that fees to the auditor shall be paid on an on-account basis.18. Election of auditorThe Nomination Committee proposes  in accordance with the Audit Committee’s recommendation  that the registered auditing firm Deloitte AB is re-elected as the Company’s auditor for a period of one year. Deloitte has informed the Nomination Committee that  should the Nomination Committee’s proposal also be the decision of the AGM  the authorised public accountant  Kent Åkerlund  is to keep the position of auditor-in-charge. Neither the Nomination Committee's proposal nor the Audit Committee's recommendation has been subject to influence from third parties or has been forced by any contractual terms that restrict the freedom of choice in the auditor's election.The Board of Director’s proposals10. Resolution regarding the appropriation of the Company’s profit according to the adopted balance sheetThe Board of Directors proposes that dividends of SEK 2.80 per share  totalling SEK 219 452 956.80 be distributed. The remaining disposable earnings of SEK 1 084 364 506 shall be balanced in a new account. The record date for the right to receive dividend shall be Tuesday  17 December 2024. If the AGM resolves in favour of the proposal  the planned date of payment of dividend via Euroclear Sweden is Friday  20 December 2024.19. Resolution regarding approval of the Board of Directors’ remuneration report for 2023/24The Board of Directors proposes that the AGM resolves to approve the Board of Directors’ report regarding remuneration to senior executives relating to 2023/24 pursuant to Chapter 8  Section 53 a of the Swedish Companies Act.20. Resolution regarding the guidelines for remuneration to senior executivesThe Board recommends that the Annual General Meeting adopt the following guidelines for remuneration of senior executives. The guidelines apply until new guidelines are adopted by the general meeting and are valid for a maximum of four years.ScopeThe guidelines below include the Board of Directors (as applicable)  the CEO and other members of Group management  hereinafter referred to as senior executives. The guidelines are applicable to remuneration under new agreements and amendments to remuneration already agreed after adoption of the new guidelines by the AGM. The guidelines do not apply to remuneration decided on by the general meeting.The guidelines’ promotion of the Company’s business strategy  long-term interests and sustainabilitySkiStar’s vision is to create memorable mountain experiences. SkiStar shall create value for the Company’s shareholders and promote long-term sustainability in all operations. For further information about SkiStar’s strategy  long-term interests  including financial and operational targets  in addition to sustainability targets  see https://investor.skistar.com/en and the annual report  which will be made available at the same web address no later than three weeks before the AGM.Successful implementation of the Company’s business strategy and safeguarding of its long-term interests  including sustainability  are contingent on the Company having qualified employees. SkiStar must therefore be able to offer competitive remuneration. The Company’s remuneration structure in accordance with these guidelines mustcontribute to a consensus between senior executives and shareholders in terms of the long-term perspective of the operations  including promotion of the Company’s business strategy  long-term interests and sustainability;ensure that senior executives receive remuneration that is on market conditions and competitive  enabling the Company to recruit  motivate and retain competent employees;require senior executives’ compliance with the Company’s code of conduct  policies and directives; andoffer a salary based on the Company’s financial targets and senior executives’ individual responsibility  competence  performance  duties  experience and position.Variable remuneration covered by these guidelines should aim to promote the Company’s business strategy and long-term interests  including sustainability.Remuneration and forms of remunerationThe total compensation for senior executives must be reviewed regularly  and at least annually  to ensure that it is market-based. To create well-balanced total compensation that strengthens both short- and long-term performance management and target achievement  remuneration may include the following components: fixed cash salary  variable remuneration/bonuses including undertaking to acquire shares  pension benefits and other benefits.Fixed cash salarySenior executives are to be offered a fixed cash salary that is individualised and market-based in relation to responsibility  competence  performance and regional salary levels. The fixed salary is to be determined annually  to apply during the period September to August.Variable remuneration/bonus including undertaking to acquire sharesSenior executives may receive variable cash remuneration/bonuses based on the current bonus programme for SkiStar’s senior executives  which is divided into a short-term programme (12 months) and a long-term programme (36 months)  as decided by the Board for each financial year and three-year period respectively. Bonuses must be related to measurable criteria established by the Board of Directors  which may be financial or non-financial  qualitative or quantitative  and must be based on factors that support SkiStar’s business strategy and long-term interests  including its sustainability  by having a clear link to value creation  committed long-term ownership and SkiStar’s development. The criteria could  for example  relate to return for shareholders  the Company’s operating margin and organic growth  as well as skiing and activity days  measured for each financial year/three-year period. If the Board considers that the business strategy and the Company’s long-term interests  including sustainability  would be better promoted if the criteria were supplemented or changed  these guidelines allow such changes to be made.The bonus paid to the CEO can amount to a maximum of 40 percent of 12 times the current monthly salary in a one-year programme  and 40 percent of the current monthly salary/average monthly salary in a three-year programme  which therefore constitutes the bonus cap for the CEO. Bonuses paid to other senior executives can amount to a maximum of 30 percent of 12 times the current monthly salary in a one-year programme and 30 percent of the current monthly salary/average monthly salary in a three-year programme  which therefore constitutes the bonus cap for these executives.The level of fulfilment of the criteria for awarding variable cash remuneration is to be determined at the end of the measurement period on 31 August. For a one-year programme  the criteria relate to target achievement during the financial year that ended on the said date. For a three-year programme  the Board of Directors will decide at the start of the programme whether the criteria should  for example  refer to target attainment measured over the three-year period which end on the abovementioned date  or similar. The Remuneration Committee is responsible for the assessment of target achievement where the CEO’s and other senior executives’ variable cash remuneration is concerned. Receipt of variable cash remuneration assumes that the senior executive is employed by SkiStar on the last day of the financial year in the case of a one-year programme. If a senior executive has been a member of the Group management for only part of the current financial year  the variable cash remuneration to such senior executive will be paid pro rata in proportion to the part of the year during which he was a member of Group management. Receipt of variable cash remuneration in the three-year programme assumes that the senior executive is employed by SkiStar on the last day of the three-year period. If a senior executive has been a member of Group management for only part of the three-year period  the Board of Directors will have a right in each individual case to decide whether or not the senior executive concerned is to be entitled to variable cash remuneration in a three-year programme and  where variable cash remuneration is to be paid  the Board will also have the right to decide to what extent the variable cash remuneration should be paid. Financial targets must be assessed based on the most recent financial report published by the Company.Should it be established that the criteria for payment of variable cash remuneration have not been met in whole or in part  for a one-year and/or three-year bonus programme  the Board of Directors has the possibility to decide that variable remuneration is nevertheless to be paid to senior executives on an individual basis in extraordinary circumstances  up to an amount not exceeding half of the bonus cap. Such extraordinary arrangements are only to be applied either for the purpose of recruitment or retention  or as remuneration for extraordinary work in addition to the person’s regular duties. Decisions on such remuneration are to be taken by the Board of Directors  for both the CEO and other senior executives  on the proposal of the Remuneration Committee. Variable remuneration is paid in October of the year after the end of a 12-month and 36-month period respectively.Under an agreement with the Company  senior executives who receive bonuses must undertake to acquire shares in the Company for long-term ownership  investing at least 1/3 of their post-tax bonuses. Concerning a one-year program  the senior executive shall undertake to keep such acquired shares for a period of at least three years. As for a three-year program  the senior executive shall undertake to keep such acquired shares for a period of at least one year. The purchase price paid for any SkiStar shares acquired by a senior executive during a given vesting year for the short and the long bonus programme respectively may be included in the amount that the executive has committed to invest in SkiStar shares if a bonus is received for that vesting year. The purpose is to create involvement and engagement by offering senior executives the opportunity to become shareholders in a structured way. The criteria that determine the outcome as described above enable incentives to be created for senior executives to contribute to realisation of the Company’s business strategy and safeguarding of the Company’s long-term interests  including sustainability  and therefore to long-term value creation.If a senior executive contravenes the above conditions by  for example  prematurely selling shares acquired under said conditions  the senior executive must  in accordance with the agreement with the Company  be required to repay the full amount (including income tax but not social security contributions) paid for the shares acquired.Pension benefitsSenior executives are entitled to pension arrangements under collective bargaining agreement and agreements with SkiStar AB. All pension obligations are defined-contribution plans. For the CEO  the Company pays pension contributions corresponding to 30 percent of the pensionable salary. For other senior executives  pension payments are made according to the standard ITP plan. Salary waivers can be used for increased pension provisions through one-time pension premium payments under salary and bonus sacrifice arrangements. The retirement age for senior executives who are Swedish citizens is 65. For others  it is as specified in their own country’s pension rules.Car benefitsSenior executives may be offered car benefits in accordance with the Company’s instruction concerning cars for all employees. The CEO may also be entitled to car benefits at a value over and above other applicable instructions in the Company.Other benefitsSenior executives may be entitled to other benefits such as health insurance  as well as the benefits available to other SkiStar employees. The total value of these benefits may not exceed five percent of a senior executive’s fixed cash salary.In addition  the CEO may be entitled to tax return assistance and supplementary health insurance in addition to collectively agreed health insurance. The total value of such benefits  including car benefits  may not exceed five percent of the CEO’s fixed cash salary.OtherEmployment conditions for senior executives who are subject to rules other than Swedish rules on pension and other benefits may be duly adjusted to ensure compliance with mandatory rules or established local practice  taking into account the overall purpose of these guidelines as far as possible.Period of notice and termination benefitsThe maximum period of notice is initially twelve months for termination of employment initiated by SkiStar and six months for termination by the senior executive. Termination benefits are only to be paid when termination of employment is initiated by the Company. Termination benefits are only to be paid up to the date on which the individual in question obtains other employment. Termination benefits are calculated on the fixed cash salary and are not pensionable. Total fixed salary during the period of notice and any termination benefits must not exceed an amount corresponding to the fixed salary for 24 months.Decision-making process to determine  review and implement the guidelinesThe Board’s Remuneration Committee is responsible for annually reviewing the need to revise the guidelines prior to the Board’s proposal to the AGM (if applicable) for adoption. The Board shall prepare a proposal for new guidelines at least every fourth year and present it to the AGM for resolution. The guidelines are to be valid until new guidelines are adopted by the general meeting. The Remuneration Committee must also monitor and evaluate programmes for variable remuneration for senior executives  the application of guidelines for remuneration of senior executives and applicable remuneration structures and remuneration levels in the Company. The Board makes decisions on the salary and other terms of employment for the CEO on the basis of proposals from the Remuneration Committee. The CEO makes decisions on the salary and other terms of employment for other senior executives and consults with the Remuneration Committee on these matters. Decisions on possible variable remuneration in extraordinary circumstances are  however  made by the Board for the CEO as well as for other senior executives on the basis of proposals from the Remuneration Committee. The CEO and other senior executives are not present when the Board and the Remuneration Committee consider and make decisions on remuneration-related matters in so far as they are affected by these matters.Derogation from the guidelinesThe Board may  following a proposal from the Remuneration Committee  decide to make a temporary derogation from the guidelines  in whole or in part  if there are particular reasons to do so in an individual case and such derogation is necessary in order to serve the Company’s long-term interests  including sustainability  or to ensure the Company’s financial viability. As stated above  the Remuneration Committee’s tasks include preparation of the Board’s decisions in remuneration-related matters. This includes decisions to derogate from the guidelines. Such derogations are to be reported and explained in the subsequent remuneration report.Salary and terms of employment for other employeesIn preparing the Board’s proposal for these remuneration guidelines  the salaries and terms of employment for the Company’s employees have been taken into account by including information about the employees’ total remuneration  the components of the remuneration and the remuneration increase and rate of increase over time in the Board’s decision support material for evaluating the reasonableness of the guidelines and limitations set out herein. The remuneration report on paid and outstanding remuneration covered by the guidelines will include a report on the trend regarding the gap between Company management’s remuneration and other employees’ remuneration.Changes from previous guidelinesThe Board’s proposal for guidelines for remuneration of senior executives prior to the 2024 AGM is largely consistent with the guidelines adopted at the 2023 AGM. In the review before the 2024 AGM  there has been some clarifications regarding the period of time during which the senior executives undertake to keep shares acquired within a three-year program.More informationOn the date of submission of these proposed remuneration guidelines for senior executives  SkiStar did not have any remuneration commitments not due for payment other than ongoing commitments to senior executives in accordance with the remuneration principles adopted at the 2023 AGM. For more information on remuneration at SkiStar  see the remuneration report and the annual report  which are available at https://investor.skistar.com/en no later than three weeks prior to the Annual General Meeting.21. Resolution regarding authorization for the Board of Directors to resolve on new share issuesThe Board of Directors proposes that the AGM authorises the Board of Directors to resolve upon new issues of shares in accordance with the following.The Board of Directors is proposed to be authorized to  on one or several occasions during the period until the next AGM  to resolve on new issues of Class B shares. A new share issue may be made with or without deviation from the shareholders’ preferential right. The authorisation shall include the right to resolve on a new share issue with cash payment  payment by contribution in kind or payment by set-off and otherwise subject to conditions as set out in Chapter 2  Section 5  Paragraph 2  1-3 and 5 of the Swedish Companies Act. Decision pursuant to the authorisation may not result in a new issuance of shares exceeding ten (10) percent of all shares in the Company at the time of the AGM's decision on the authorisation. An issue of new shares based on this authorisation must not result in the Company’s share capital exceeding the Company’s maximum allowed share capital as set out in the articles of association. Shares shall  in case of deviation from the shareholders’ preferential right to subscription  be issued on market terms. The Board shall be entitled to determine other terms for the share issue.The purpose of the authorisation  and the reason for deviation from the shareholders’ preferential right if any  is to give the Board increased options to  completely or partially  finance any future investments/acquisitions by issuing new shares as payment in connection with agreements on acquisitions alternatively to raise capital for such investments/acquisitions. The Board  or anyone appointed by the Board  shall be authorised to make such minor adjustments of the resolution of the AGM that may be necessary in connection with registration with the Swedish Companies Registration Office and has the right to otherwise take the measures required to enforce the decision.22. Resolution on authorisation providing the Board of Directors with the right to pass resolutions regarding acquisitions and sales of the Company’s own sharesThe Board of Directors proposes that the AGM authorises the Board of Directors to resolve on the acquisition and sales of the Company’s own shares according to essentially the following.The Board of Directors’ proposal entails that the Board be authorised  until the next AGM of shareholders  to pass resolutions on one or more occasions regarding the acquisition of Class B shares in the Company; however  the Company’s holding may not  at any time  exceed ten percent of the total number of shares in the Company. The acquisition of shares shall take place in a regulated market or by an acquisition offer made to all shareholders that hold Class B shares. Acquisition of shares in a regulated market may only take place at a price that is  at any given point in time  within the registered share price interval – that is  the interval between the highest bid price and the lowest selling price. An offer of acquisition made to all shareholders may take place at a price equivalent to the lowest market value at the time of the offer  with a maximum deviation of plus 20 percent.Furthermore  the proposal by the Board of Directors entails that the Board of Directors be entitled to pass resolutions  on one or more occasions until the next AGM  regarding the sale of the Company’s own shares in a regulated market or in conjunction with the acquisition of companies or operations. The authorisation includes the right to pass resolutions on deviation from the preferential rights of shareholders and resolutions that establish forms of payment other than cash funds  on the basis of in-kind payment  offsetting or on the basis of other conditions. The authorisation may be utilised for the maximum number of shares stipulated in the authorisation to acquire the Company’s shares. Transfers in a regulated market may only take place at a price that is  at any given point in time  within the registered share price interval. Transfers in connection with acquisitions shall take place at a price which  in all essential manners  corresponds to the market value for the Company’s share at the time of entering into the acquisition agreement.These authorisations aim to provide the Board of Directors with increased scope in working with the Company’s capital structure and  if deemed appropriate  to facilitate acquisitions. The reason for the deviation from pre-emption rights  with regard to transfers made in conjunction with the acquisition of companies and businesses  is to create alternative forms of payment for such acquisitions. The Board  or anyone appointed by the Board  shall be authorised to make such minor adjustments of the resolution that may prove necessary in connection with the implementation of the Board’s resolution on repurchase and transfer of own shares.Other informationDocuments prior to the Annual General Meeting etc.Accounting documents  auditor’s reports and the complete proposals and statements of the Board of Directors and the Nomination Committee pursuant to the Swedish Companies Act and the Swedish Corporate Governance Code will be made available to shareholders at least three weeks prior to the AGM  at the Company’s address: SkiStar AB  Sälfjällsgården  780 91 Sälen  Sweden  and on the Company’s webpage: https://investor.skistar.com/en. Copies of these documents will also be sent  free of cost  by post or e-mail to the shareholders upon request  and upon receipt of a postal or e-mail address and will be available at the AGM.Certain majority requirementsFor valid resolutions in accordance with item 21 and 22 on authorisations for the Board of Directors  the proposals shall be supported by shareholders representing at least two thirds of both the votes cast and the shares represented at the meeting.Shareholders’ right to request informationShareholders present at the AGM retain the right to request information regarding matters on the agenda or the Company’s financial position according to Chapter 7  Section 32 of the Swedish Companies Act (2005:551).Number of shares and votesThe number of registered shares in the Company as per the date of issuance of this notice is a total of 78 376 056  of which 3 648 000 are Class A shares and 74 728 056 are Class B shares. The total number of votes is 111 208 056. The Company holds no own shares.Sälen in November 2024The Board of Directors of SkiStar AB (publ)This information was submitted for publication  through the agency of the contact persons set out below  on 6 November 2024  at 10.00 a.m. CET.Further information can be reached from:Stefan Sjöstrand  CEO  tel +46 (0)280 841 60.Martin Almgren  CFO  tel +46 (0)280 841 60.SkiStar in briefThe mountain tourism company SkiStar AB (publ) is listed on the Mid Cap list of the Nasdaq Stockholm exchange. The Group owns and operates alpine ski resorts in Sälen  Vemdalen  Åre and Hammarbybacken (Stockholm) in Sweden  and Hemsedal and Trysil in Norway. Our operations are divided into three segments: Operation of Ski Resorts  Property Development & Exploitation and Operation of Hotels. As the leading holiday organiser for Scandinavia  SkiStar’s business concept is to create memorable mountain experiences  develop sustainable destinations and offer accommodation  activities  products and services of the highest quality with our guests as our focus. For more information  see https://investor.skistar.com/en.Attachment",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.01,negative,0.0,0.31,0.69,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'SkiStar AB', 'Notice', 'SkiStar AB Annual General Meeting', 'specific advance voting form', 'Company/Euroclear Sweden AB', 'corporate identity number', 'P.O. Box', 'Voting rights registrations', 'personal identity number', 'equivalent authority document', 'advance vote', 'postal voting', 'advanced voting', 'personal data', 'Sälen', 'share register', 'contact details', 'Such re-registration', 'postal vote', 'authorisation document', 'legal entity', 'verified copy', 'Nomination Committee', 'one year', 'five years', 'certified copy', 'Proxy form', 'investor.skistar', 'authorised nominee', 'personal participation', 'good time', 'contact information', 'special instructions', 'Further instructions', 'Such power', 'The Company', 'Nominee Registration', 'AGM', 'Saturday', 'December', 'Experium', 'Lindvallen', 'place', 'Shareholders', 'Friday', 'intention', 'Tuesday', 'webpage', 'mail', 'GeneralMeetingService', 'reference', 'writing', 'Stockholm', 'telephone', 'name', 'addition', 'shares', 'assistants', 'opportunity', 'heading', 'nominees', 'date', 'verification', 'BankID', 'website', 'anmalan', 'vpc', 'euroclearproxy', 'notification', 'certificate', 'items', 'agenda', 'Board', 'proposals', 'conditions', 'entirety', 'alternative', 'attorney', 'period', 'maximum', 'address', 'Processing', 'notices', '2', '1.30', '101', '9']",2024-11-06,2024-11-07,globenewswire.com
46849,Euroclear,Bing API,https://www.forbes.com/sites/lawrencewintermeyer/2024/11/07/big-financial-institutions-solve-a-31-trillion-problem-with-ai-and-blockchain/,Big Financial Institutions Solve A $3.1 Trillion Problem With AI And Blockchain,A Chainlink project with Swift and Euroclear combines oracles with AI and blockchain technology to address deficiencies in real-time standardized corporate action data.,A Chainlink project with Swift and Euroclear combines oracles with AI and blockchain technology to address deficiencies in real-time standardized corporate action data.,neutral,0.0,0.91,0.08,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['Big Financial Institutions', '$3.1 Trillion Problem', 'AI', 'real-time standardized corporate action data', 'A Chainlink project', 'blockchain technology', 'Swift', 'Euroclear', 'oracles', 'deficiencies']",2024-11-07,2024-11-07,forbes.com
46850,Euroclear,Bing API,https://www.thetradenews.com/can-the-capital-markets-union-save-europe-from-mediocrity/,Can the Capital Markets Union save Europe from mediocrity?,A disparate and fragmented European Union is thwarting the continent’s ability to compete effectively with the largest markets in the world. But a new political impetus has reinvigorated the consolidation agenda ,The EU has a problem. It’s falling behind. Growth has been largely stagnant across the continent for the last two decades  with a wide number of metrics pointing to an ever-increasing investment and growth gap with the US.The recently-published EU competitiveness report  penned by former prime minister of Italy Mario Draghi  is the latest in a long line of research projects that has shone a spotlight on the EU capital markets  reaching a similar conclusion to those gone before it: things need to change. If the EU wishes to be a competitive force on the global stage  there has to be a fundamental rethink of how the bloc operates.At the heart of the problem is the fact that the EU is not a favourable location for a company to scale and compete effectively with their US (and now Chinese) counterparts. The Draghi report points out that only four of the world’s top 50 tech companies are European  while there isn’t a single EU company with a market capitalisation over ¤100 billion that has been established in the last 50 years.Consequentially and simultaneously  the landscape for investors in the region is equally tricky. A key problem  for organisations and investors alike  is the muddled patchwork of rules and regulations across the continent  forged independently over centuries  which they must manoeuvre through to operate effectively.So  the question now for the EU decision-makers is: how do you make the EU competitive again? The current plan is the Capital Markets Union (CMU): a flagship initiative designed to boost investment  enhance access to finance  enable cross-border investment  and reduce the fragmentation of Europe’s financial markets.Sounds great  right? The problem though  is that the CMU has struggled to gain traction throughout the member states since its ideation in 2014. The lumbering  27-pronged consortium is burdened with a deep-rooted inertia as consensus on policy and legislation can often be so hard to come by. Combine this with a rising nationalistic sentiment sweeping through the region  driving a further wedge between the EU and its harmonisation goals  and it is becomes abundantly clear that change won’t be easy.But 10 years on  the political impetus surrounding the CMU seems to be reinvigorated. The string of damning reports appears to have awoken the beast  with government ministers and institutions across the continent coming forward with plans to kickstart Europe’s new age.“The race is on and I want Europe to switch gear ” said Ursula von der Leyen  upon successfully securing a second mandate as European Commission President in July.A more hospitable environmentTo unlock those opportunities for growth and to boost investor power in the region  there needs to be a simplification of the disparate systems that exist within the EU.“If you have 25 to 30 smaller places that operate independent of one another – this can be in Europe or anywhere else – the liquidity and interoperability associated between jurisdictions becomes limited ” explained Okan Pekin  head of securities services at Citi  at a recent AFME conference. “As a result  even if the investors want to bring in hundreds of billions of dollars of capital  getting in and out will become problematic because of frictional costs. So  by virtue of your market structures  you are impeding investor attractiveness.”Take withholding tax  for example. Each country within the bloc has their own approach to the reliefs and refunds process  which are often complex  burdensome procedures that can actually serve as a deterrent for cross-border investment – particularly for individual and small investors. In some cases  the process takes years.Another pertinent example is the provision of depositary services  where there is currently no passporting service available to asset servicers in the EU. “[This is] close to our heart as a provider of depositary services ” says Ben Pott  international head of public policy and government affairs at BNY. “You cannot provide cross-border depositary services under UCITS or AIFMD – which  when you talk about a unified Capital Markets Union  is a big miss.”Insolvency laws  pension schemes  corporate actions  shareholder rights  securities laws – the list goes on. For Europe to become an attractive place for investors and issuers  the EU must tackle these regulatory divergences head on.“It is not that Europe does not have the cash and investment potential ” says Sam Riley  CEO of Clearstream. “It is about market attractiveness for local and international investors.”Harmonised post-trade as the bedrock for growthThe disparate frameworks also have a detrimental impact on the post-trade landscape  which faces its own fragmentation problems. To unlock those opportunities for growth and to boost investor power in the region  a harmonised post-trade landscape must form the bedrock on which other initiatives can sit. Without a smooth and efficient post-trade environment  the CMU risks stagnation as fragmented systems will continue to stifle market access and growth.“We have said for a long time that when you look at some of the post-trade processes  there is still a significant amount of scope for harmonisation  for allowing much more effective cross-border provision for Europe to move closer together ” says Pott. “Historically when you look at the integration of investment services  there is a lot that has happened on the execution side  and not as much on the post-trade side.”The Draghi report calls for a centralisation of clearing and settlement systems  with a single central counterparty platform (CCP) and a single central securities depositary (CSD) – but the acquisition and integration of 27 CSDs and 14 CCPs is an unrealistic  expensive and time-consuming task. Instead  a focus on strategic partnerships and interoperability would likely yield faster results.As Riley  points out  over 90% of settlement activity within the EU is processed at three institutions. “That’s the reality ” he says. “We and the two other main CSDs in Europe have already progressed in providing consistency and harmonisation across platforms and processes. That naturally leads to consolidation.“The challenge is determining what the top priorities for capital markets harmonisation are. What can we realistically achieve? Competition is good; it is healthy. It drives service quality  innovation and efficiency. Eliminating competition would not be a good idea  as it would limit investor choice.”While progress has undoubtedly been slow-moving  there is a clear desire to bolster harmonisation across the post-trade landscape. Connectivity upgrades to the T2S are due to be rolled out next year  while the CSDR refit will enable the possibility of closer collaboration between CSDs.Another notable success has been the integration of Euroclear Bank as the domestic CSD in Ireland. Following Brexit  the Irish market agreed that the asset protection framework on domestic securities would be governed by Belgian law  with Euroclear Bank now serving as the CSD for Irish securities. As pointed out in Euroclear’s Unlocking scale and competitiveness in Europe’s market report  the example shows that full CSD consolidation is possible and could serve as the basis for similar efforts in other countries  but it “requires the support of market participants and national authorities”.The problem is that initiatives often encounter the same national barriers impacting regulatory alignment  as Pablo Portgual  senior director  public affairs at Euroclear  described at the AFME conference: “Some countries  for national security reasons  have a big problem with outsourcing  and that effectively prevents the creation of synergies between infrastructures.”Next stepsWith the political motivations seemingly in the right place  and the key areas identified to boost harmonisation  the next step is to put the plan into action – which may be easier said than done.The rising tide of nationalism in Europe is placing increased pressures on domestic governments to take more inward-looking approaches when it comes to policy. The age of globalisation is grinding to a halt  with the European collective set to suffer as a result.“People want to have their cake and eat it ” explained Pekin. “They want interoperability  they want union  they want integration – but also  nobody wants to give up anything from their national sovereignty agendas. So how do you square that circle? If you want a Capital Markets Union  you want no barriers  you want the single CSD – you may never get there in our lifetime. So  the next question becomes: what can you do in the meantime? You can start with interoperability; you can start with data – it’s a critical point.”Therein lies the challenge for the EU. Policy makers and country leaders need to try and get those wheels turning again  and instil within these local governments a belief that a more consolidated Europe would bear fruit to all participants.“Convincing is the word  and that is our daily business ” said Marcel Haag  director of horizontal policies at the European Commission  at the AFME event. “We are engaging with member states and we hear them out and we exchange arguments. A lot of member states will say  ‘our priority is to grow our national market’ or ‘we are on the periphery  we have an underdeveloped capital market’. We have to engage  assess the pros and the cons  and let’s see how we can accommodate their concerns.”While some are eager to ensure an aligned approach across the 27 countries  others are not so patient. Talk of a breakaway coalition within the EU has picked up pace in recent months  with Spain’s minister for the economy  Carlos Cuerpo  outlining proposals to the Financial Times in October for a new mechanism that would allow three or more countries to proceed on joint initiatives without the inclusion of other member states.On such a project  Haag said: “EU law allows for this under certain conditions. Of course  the Commission’s role is not to divide and create different leagues  but to unite and create a united Europe. Solutions that would allow a smaller group of member states to go forward faster  that for us is always the second best option.”A ‘28th regime’A separate proposal – set out in the Draghi report – recommends the establishment of a “28th regime”  whereby a special legal framework is created outside of the 27 different legal frameworks with a view to shortening the length of national procedures and integrating them into a single process.“It’s a really interesting piece  which is gaining traction ” says Pott. “Rather than saying to member states  you have to all conform to a single system and we’re going to do away with the existing 27  you say to businesses that want to adopt the 28th regime that they can move in that direction.“It might work better in some areas than others ” he continues. “For taxation  it won’t work so well because business is still bound by its local taxation rules. But when you think about insolvency rules  for example  which was one of those intractable areas where it’s very difficult to move beyond the national insolvency provisions that exist  having a 28th regime that firms could opt into  would be a helpful alternative and maybe overcome some of those national sensitivities of giving up or doing away with national systems.”How ever the bloc plans to move forward  it’s important to get the ball rolling as soon as possible. The gap between Europe and the US is only widening – a 2023 report from the European Centre for International Political Economy found that the gap between US GDP per capita and EU GDP per capita rose from 47% in 2010 to 82% in 2021.Harmonised tax and investment frameworks  and a unified post-trade environment are not just a technical necessity; they are the foundation upon which a successful Capital Markets Union can be built  enabling Europe’s capital markets to thrive on the global stage.“I hope the political momentum and spotlight that we have in Europe at the moment can help us provide the right context to drive change ” said Portugal. “A lot depends on the market and on FMIs collaborating with their clients and with the ecosystem to deliver that call for more integration  more efficiency and cost reduction.”Yes  the project is vast and the road will be long  but the EU and the financial services industry has the opportunity to spearhead something great in Europe. It’s time to make it happen.,neutral,0.01,0.95,0.04,mixed,0.15,0.21,0.64,True,English,"['Capital Markets Union', 'Europe', 'mediocrity', 'Ursula von der Leyen', 'unified Capital Markets Union', 'former prime minister', 'top 50 tech companies', 'lumbering, 27-pronged consortium', 'rising nationalistic sentiment', 'European Commission President', '25 to 30 smaller places', 'recent AFME conference', 'complex, burdensome procedures', 'last two decades', 'The Draghi report', 'efficient post-trade environment', 'EU competitiveness report', 'EU capital markets', 'cross-border depositary services', 'single EU company', 'financial markets', 'Mario Draghi', 'hospitable environment', 'securities services', 'The EU', 'cross-border investment', 'wide number', 'long line', 'research projects', 'similar conclusion', 'competitive force', 'global stage', 'fundamental rethink', 'favourable location', 'Chinese) counterparts', 'market capitalisation', 'last 50 years', 'muddled patchwork', 'current plan', 'flagship initiative', 'member states', 'rooted inertia', 'harmonisation goals', 'political impetus', 'damning reports', 'government ministers', 'new age', 'second mandate', 'investor power', 'disparate systems', 'Okan Pekin', 'frictional costs', 'market structures', 'investor attractiveness', 'withholding tax', 'passporting service', 'asset servicers', 'Ben Pott', 'government affairs', 'big miss', 'Insolvency laws', 'pension schemes', 'corporate actions', 'shareholder rights', 'securities laws', 'attractive place', 'regulatory divergences', 'Sam Riley', 'market attractiveness', 'disparate frameworks', 'detrimental impact', 'other initiatives', 'fragmented systems', 'post-trade landscape', 'increasing investment', 'investment potential', 'Harmonised post-trade', 'EU decision-makers', 'refunds process', 'pertinent example', 'international head', 'public policy', 'fragmentation problems', 'market access', 'small investors', 'international investors', 'key problem', 'growth gap', 'continent', 'metrics', 'Italy', 'spotlight', 'things', 'bloc', 'heart', 'fact', 'world', 'region', 'organisations', 'rules', 'regulations', 'centuries', 'question', 'CMU', 'finance', 'traction', 'ideation', 'consensus', 'legislation', 'wedge', 'change', 'string', 'beast', 'institutions', 'plans', 'race', 'gear', 'July', 'opportunities', 'simplification', 'liquidity', 'interoperability', 'jurisdictions', 'Citi', 'result', 'hundreds', 'billions', 'dollars', 'virtue', 'country', 'approach', 'reliefs', 'deterrent', 'individual', 'cases', 'provision', 'provider', 'BNY', 'UCITS', 'AIFMD', 'issuers', 'cash', 'CEO', 'Clearstream', 'local', 'bedrock', 'smooth', 'stagnation']",2024-11-07,2024-11-07,thetradenews.com
46851,Deutsche Boerse,NewsApi.org,https://biztoc.com/x/3fe10078598e2583,Repo trading becoming an increasing priority for the buy-side,Repo is increasingly no longer just a bank topic anymore  said experts speaking at a closed Deutsche Boerse roundtable on Tuesday.Robbert BooijThe asset class is increasingly becoming a buy-side topic said experts as end clients are voluntarily joining the …,Repo is increasingly no longer just a bank topic anymore  said experts speaking at a closed Deutsche Boerse roundtable on Tuesday.Robbert BooijThe asset class is increasingly becoming a buy-side topic said experts as end clients are voluntarily joining the cleared repo environment …This story appeared on thetradenews.com   2024-11-06 12:17:41.,neutral,0.06,0.94,0.01,neutral,0.03,0.91,0.06,True,English,"['Repo trading', 'increasing priority', 'buy', 'side', 'closed Deutsche Boerse roundtable', 'bank topic', 'Robbert Booij', 'asset class', 'buy-side topic', 'end clients', 'repo environment', 'experts', 'Tuesday', 'story', 'thetradenews.']",2024-11-06,2024-11-07,biztoc.com
46852,Deutsche Boerse,NewsApi.org,https://www.thestar.com.my/news/world/2024/11/07/german-stocks-slide-amid-concerns-over-potential-higher-us-tariffs-under-trump-presidency,German stocks slide amid concerns over potential higher U.S. tariffs under Trump presidency,FRANKFURT  Nov. 6 (Xinhua) -- German shares fell on Wednesday amid concerns over protectionism and elevated tariff barriers anticipated under the forthcoming Donald Trump presidency  according to data released by the Deutsche Boerse group. Read full story,"FRANKFURT  Nov. 6 (Xinhua) -- German shares fell on Wednesday amid concerns over protectionism and elevated tariff barriers anticipated under the forthcoming Donald Trump presidency  according to data released by the Deutsche Boerse group.Germany's benchmark DAX index initially showed gains but soon shifted to negative territory. The DAX index closed at 19 039.31 points  marking a decline of 216.96 points  or 1.13 percent.In the continuously updated index of the 40 major companies on the Deutsche Boerse  more than three-quarters of the stocks saw no growth  with 31 stocks recording losses. Only nine German companies experienced a rise in share prices.The German automobile sector was particularly affected following the U.S. election  as investors expressed concerns about potential punitive tariffs from the U.S. on German imports. Share price drops on Wednesday included losses of 5.48 percent for Volkswagen  6.95 percent for Mercedes-Benz  and 6.4 percent for BMW.Analysts noted that BMW's underwhelming quarterly results have negatively impacted German automakers listed in the DAX index. Additionally  German companies are increasingly apprehensive about the possibility of significant import tariffs  which could lead to higher costs and considerable sales challenges in the U.S.  a key market for German enterprises.Donald Trump's economic policy is expected to ""pose considerable challenges for Germany and the European Union (EU) "" according to a report released on the same day by the German think tank ifo Institute.""We must be prepared for the U.S. to further distance itself from open  global cooperation "" cautioned Lisandra Flach  Director of the Center for International Economics at ifo. ""Germany and the EU must now strengthen their position with measures of their own. These include deeper integration of the EU services market and credible retaliatory measures against the U.S. "" she said.",negative,0.01,0.32,0.68,negative,0.0,0.24,0.75,True,English,"['potential higher U.S. tariffs', 'German stocks', 'Trump presidency', 'concerns', 'forthcoming Donald Trump presidency', 'elevated tariff barriers', 'potential punitive tariffs', 'underwhelming quarterly results', 'significant import tariffs', 'open, global cooperation', 'Share price drops', 'German automobile sector', 'German think tank', 'Deutsche Boerse group', 'considerable sales challenges', 'credible retaliatory measures', 'benchmark DAX index', 'The DAX index', 'nine German companies', 'U.S. election', 'EU services market', 'considerable challenges', 'share prices', 'key market', 'German shares', 'German imports', 'German automakers', 'German enterprises', '40 major companies', 'negative territory', 'higher costs', 'economic policy', 'European Union', 'same day', 'Lisandra Flach', 'International Economics', 'deeper integration', 'ifo Institute', 'FRANKFURT', 'Xinhua', 'Wednesday', 'concerns', 'protectionism', 'data', 'Germany', 'gains', '19,039.31 points', 'decline', '216.96 points', '1.13 percent', 'three-quarters', 'stocks', 'growth', 'losses', 'investors', '5.48 percent', 'Volkswagen', '6.95 percent', 'Mercedes-Benz', '6.4 percent', 'BMW', 'Analysts', 'possibility', 'report', 'Director', 'Center', 'position']",2024-11-07,2024-11-07,thestar.com.my
46853,Deutsche Boerse,Bing API,https://markets.businessinsider.com/news/stocks/european-stocks-close-lower-as-investors-react-to-earnings-boe-rate-decision-1033973041,European Stocks Close Lower As Investors React To Earnings  BoE Rate Decision,European stocks closed higher on Thursday as an interest rate cut by the Bank of England (BoE)  and some encouraging earnings updates,"(RTTNews) - European stocks closed higher on Thursday as an interest rate cut by the Bank of England (BoE)  and some encouraging earnings updates and economic data helped underpin sentiment. Investors looked ahead to the Federal Reserve's monetary policy announcement  due later in the day.The Bank of England reduced its benchmark rate for the second time this year citing continued progress in disinflation. The Monetary Policy Committee decided to lower the rate by 25 basis points to 4.75%  as widely expected.Previously  the bank had reduced the policy rate by a quarter-point in August  which was the first reduction since March 2020.The MPC said a gradual approach to removing policy restraint remains appropriate. ""Monetary policy will need to continue to remain restrictive for sufficiently long until the risks to inflation returning sustainably to the 2% target in the medium term have dissipated further "" the bank said in a statement.The committee continues to monitor closely the risks of inflation persistence and will decide the appropriate degree of monetary policy restrictiveness at each meeting  the BoE said.The pan European Stoxx 600 climbed 0.62%. Germany's DAX and France's CAC 40 gained 1.7% and 0.76%  respectively. The U.K.'s FTSE 100 ended down 0.32%  while Switzerland's SMI gained 0.59%.Among other markets in Europe  Austria  Belgium  Finland  Ireland  Netherlands  Norway  Poland  Portugal  Russia  Spain  Sweden and Turkiye closed higher.Denmark and Iceland ended weak  while Greece settled flat.In the UK market  IMI rallied nearly 5.5%. Antofagasta climbed 4.75%  while Anglo American  Glencore  Rio Tinto  Weir Group and Spirax Group gained 3 to 4%.BAE Systems  Scottish Mortgage  Sage Group  ICG  B&M European Value Retail  Melrose Industries  Fresnillo  Hikma Pharmaceuticals  Diageo  Frasers Group  Vistry Group and Prudential gained 1 to 3%.Auto Trader Group closed down 7.16%. Sainsbury (J) ended lower by 3.1% as the British supermarket group kept its forecast for full-year profit growth of up to 10%.BT Group shares declined sharply after the company cut revenue expectations due to a weak outlook for its business department. Rolls-Royce Holding closed down 3% after the engine maker said supply chain issues are continuing to hamper production.Hiscox  Airtel Africa  Endeavour Mining  Tesco  Reckitt Benckiser and Natwest Group lost 2 to 3%. AstraZeneca  Barclays  Croda International  Entain  Beazley  Compass Group  IAG  Bunzl and BP also declined sharply.In the German market  Rheinmetall soared nearly 10%. HeidelbergCement rallied about 6.5% and Puma climbed 5.5%.Porsche  BASF  Adidas  RWE  Continental  SAP  Qiagen and Mercedes-Benz gained 3 to 5%.Daimler Truck Holding  Siemens Healthineers  BMW  Deutsche Post  Volkswagen  Brenntag  Sartorius  Siemens  Bayer  Zalando  Infineon  Beiersdorf  Merck and Siemens Energy closed higher by 1 to 3%.Fresenius ended down 2.2%. E.ON closed lower by about 1.5%. Deutsche Bank  Deutsche Boerse  Covestro and Deutsche Telekom also ended weak.In the French market  ArcelorMittal surged about 6.6% after the company's third-quarter core earnings fell less than expected. Kering gained nearly 4.5%.Thales  Dassault Systemes  Hermes International  LVMH  Accor  Pernod Ricard  Saint Gobain  L'Oreal  Airbus Group  Capgemini  Publicis Groupe  Safran  STMicroElectronics  Stellantis and Carrefour advanced 1.3 to 3.5%.Legrand ended more than 6% down. Credit Agricole closed down 4.2% and BNP Paribas ended down by about 3%. Veolia  Orange and Societe Generale also ended notably lower.Air France-KLM dropped more than 10% after the airline reported a bigger-than-expected decline in its quarterly operating result and warned of higher annual costs.In economic news  UK house prices increased for the fourth straight month to hit a record high in October but prices are expected to climb at a moderate pace as slower interest rate cuts by the Bank of England and government policies might damp demand  mortgage lender Halifax said.House prices grew 0.2% from September  as expected. This follows a 0.3% gain each in August and September.Germany's industrial production declined more than expected in September  data from Destatis revealed. Industrial production posted a monthly fall of 2.5%  partially offsetting the 2.6%increase in August. The decline was seen at 1.1%.Germany's exports declined for the first time in three months in September  while imports recovered from last month  data from Destatis showed. Exports slid 1.7% month-on-month in September  in contrast to the 1.2% increase in August. Shipments were forecast to grow 1.4%.Germany's construction sector downturn deepened in October with faster decreases in activity and new orders  purchasing managers' survey data from S&P Global showed. The HCOB construction Purchasing Managers' Index fell to 40.2 in October from a 16-month high of 41.7 in September.",neutral,0.0,0.99,0.01,negative,0.0,0.18,0.82,True,English,"['BoE Rate Decision', 'European Stocks', 'Investors', 'Earnings', ""The HCOB construction Purchasing Managers' Index"", 'B&M European Value Retail', ""purchasing managers' survey data"", 'The pan European Stoxx', 'slower interest rate cuts', 'The Monetary Policy Committee', 'construction sector downturn', 'The U.K.', 'encouraging earnings updates', 'full-year profit growth', 'supply chain issues', 'third-quarter core earnings', 'quarterly operating result', 'higher annual costs', 'S&P Global', 'monetary policy announcement', 'monetary policy restrictiveness', 'Daimler Truck Holding', 'mortgage lender Halifax', 'Auto Trader Group', 'British supermarket group', 'BT Group shares', 'fourth straight month', 'UK house prices', 'European stocks', 'The MPC', 'policy rate', 'The Bank', 'policy restraint', 'UK market', 'Scottish Mortgage', 'Rolls-Royce Holding', 'benchmark rate', 'Weir Group', 'Spirax Group', 'Sage Group', 'Frasers Group', 'Vistry Group', 'Natwest Group', 'Compass Group', 'Airbus Group', 'economic data', 'Federal Reserve', 'second time', 'continued progress', '25 basis points', 'first reduction', 'gradual approach', 'medium term', 'appropriate degree', 'other markets', 'Anglo American', 'Rio Tinto', 'BAE Systems', 'Melrose Industries', 'Hikma Pharmaceuticals', 'revenue expectations', 'weak outlook', 'business department', 'engine maker', 'Airtel Africa', 'Endeavour Mining', 'Reckitt Benckiser', 'Croda International', 'German market', 'Deutsche Post', 'E.ON', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'Deutsche Telekom', 'French market', 'Dassault Systemes', 'Hermes International', 'Pernod Ricard', 'Saint Gobain', ""L'Oreal"", 'Publicis Groupe', 'Credit Agricole', 'BNP Paribas', 'Societe Generale', 'Air France-KLM', 'economic news', 'record high', 'moderate pace', 'government policies', 'monthly fall', 'first time', 'three months', 'last month', 'faster decreases', 'new orders', '16-month high', 'industrial production', 'inflation persistence', 'Siemens Healthineers', 'Deutsche Bank', 'RTTNews', 'Thursday', 'England', 'sentiment', 'Investors', 'disinflation', 'quarter-point', 'August', 'March', 'risks', '2% target', 'statement', 'meeting', 'Germany', 'DAX', 'CAC', 'FTSE 100', 'Switzerland', 'SMI', 'Austria', 'Belgium', 'Finland', 'Ireland', 'Netherlands', 'Norway', 'Poland', 'Portugal', 'Russia', 'Spain', 'Sweden', 'Turkiye', 'Denmark', 'Iceland', 'Greece', 'IMI', 'Antofagasta', 'Glencore', 'ICG', 'Fresnillo', 'Diageo', 'Prudential', 'Sainsbury', 'forecast', 'company', 'Hiscox', 'Tesco', 'AstraZeneca', 'Barclays', 'Entain', 'Beazley', 'Bunzl', 'BP', 'Rheinmetall', 'HeidelbergCement', 'Puma', 'Porsche', 'BASF', 'Adidas', 'RWE', 'Continental', 'SAP', 'Qiagen', 'Mercedes-Benz', 'BMW', 'Volkswagen', 'Brenntag', 'Sartorius', 'Bayer', 'Zalando', 'Infineon', 'Beiersdorf', 'Merck', 'Energy', 'Fresenius', 'Covestro', 'ArcelorMittal', 'Kering', 'Thales', 'LVMH', 'Accor', 'Capgemini', 'Safran', 'STMicroElectronics', 'Stellantis', 'Carrefour', 'Legrand', 'Veolia', 'Orange', 'airline', 'expected', 'decline', 'October', 'demand', 'September', '0.3% gain', 'Destatis', '2.6%increase', 'exports', 'imports', 'contrast', '1.2% increase', 'Shipments', 'activity']",2024-11-07,2024-11-07,markets.businessinsider.com
46854,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/11/06/2975914/0/en/AMG-Reports-Stable-Results-in-Weak-Markets.html,AMG Reports Stable Results in Weak Markets,Amsterdam  6 November 2024 (Regulated Information) --- AMG Critical Materials N.V. (“AMG”  EURONEXT AMSTERDAM: “AMG”) reports third quarter 2024 revenue of $356 million  a 3% decrease versus the third quarter of 2023. AMG achieved an adjusted EBITDA of $40 mi…,Amsterdam  6 November 2024 (Regulated Information) --- AMG Critical Materials N.V. (“AMG”  EURONEXT AMSTERDAM: “AMG”) reports third quarter 2024 revenue of $356 million  a 3% decrease versus the third quarter of 2023. AMG achieved an adjusted EBITDA of $40 million  supported by an exceptionally strong performance by the AMG Technologies segment showing an increase of 112% compared to the same period in 2023.Dr. Heinz Schimmelbusch  Chairman of the Management Board and CEO  said  “EBITDA continued on a steady growth trend in the third quarter of 2024  during which we achieved $40 million of EBITDA. AMG Technologies delivered a strong performance compared to the third quarter last year with excellent results in a growing market. AMG Engineering secured $131 million in order intake and had a record high order backlog as of September 30  2024 of $367 million. This result continues to demonstrate the earnings power of our diversified portfolio despite the challenging market conditions and depressed price levels in both AMG Lithium and AMG Vanadium.In terms of our growth projects  our major lithium capital expenditures are substantially complete. Our Brazilian mine expansion is ramping up and on September 18  2024  AMG hosted the grand opening of Europe’s first lithium hydroxide refinery in Bitterfeld  Germany. The refinery has finalized construction and has transitioned to commissioning  ramp-up and customer qualification. Both projects strengthen our low-cost position in the lithium market. AMG is approaching the end of a period of significant capital intensity that positions us for strong profitability as market prices improve.I am also pleased to report that we have significant liquidity. With $272 million in cash on hand and $200 million available under our revolving credit facility  AMG has a total liquidity of $472 million.”LithiumOur lithium concentrate plant expansion from 90 000 tons to 130 000 tons per year is ramping up and we expect to produce at full 130 000-ton annualized capacity by the end of the fourth quarter of 2024.On September 18  2024 in Bitterfeld  Germany  AMG hosted the grand opening of Europe’s first lithium hydroxide refinery.VanadiumConstruction of the vanadium electrolyte plant at AMG Titanium in Nuremberg  Germany is complete  and we are producing qualification batches for our customers.SARBV’s “Supercenter” phase 1 project in Saudi Arabia is beginning detailed engineering and permitting. Several licenses and permits have already been obtained  including the Industrial Investment License from the Ministry of Industrial and Mineral Resources.TechnologiesAMG Engineering achieved $367 million in order backlog as of September 30  2024  the highest in AMG’s history. Order intake of $131 million during the third quarter of 2024 was 63% higher than the same period in 2023  driven largely by strong orders of remelting furnaces.AMG LIVA’s first third-party commercial Hybrid Energy Storage System  integrating Lithium-Ion and Vanadium Redox Flow batteries with AI-driven efficiency  is now operational at Wipotec GmbH  enhancing the facility's power system.Financial HighlightsAMG’s liquidity as of September 30  2024 was $472 million  with $272 million of unrestricted cash and $200 million of revolving credit availability.EBITDA continued on a steady growth trend in the third quarter of 2024  during which AMG achieved $40 million of EBITDA despite significant declines in lithium and vanadium prices.Key FiguresIn 000’s US dollars Q3 ‘24 Q3 ‘23 Change Revenue $356 003 $368 717 (3%) Gross profit 46 098 66 803 (31%) Gross margin 12.9% 18.1% Operating (loss) profit (1 252) 24 059 N/A Operating margin (0.4%) 6.5% Net (loss) income attributable to shareholders (13 353) 163 N/A EPS - Fully diluted (0.41) 0.00 N/A EBIT (1) 25 408 40 225 (37%) Adjusted EBITDA (2) 40 266 53 785 (25%) Adjusted EBITDA margin 11.3% 14.6% Cash (used in) from operating activities (1 822) 24 926 N/ANotes:(1) EBIT is defined as earnings before interest and income taxes. EBIT excludes restructuring  asset impairment  inventory cost adjustments  environmental provisions  exceptional legal expenses  equity-settled share-based payments  strategic expenses  and other exceptional items.(2) Adjusted EBITDA is defined as EBIT adjusted for depreciation and amortization.Operational ReviewAMG LithiumQ3 ‘24 Q3 ‘23 Change Revenue $48 600 $62 346 (22%) Gross (loss) profit (781) 26 769 N/A Operating (loss) profit (12 647) 16 390 N/A Adjusted EBITDA 10 249 29 638 (65%)AMG Lithium’s revenue decreased 22% compared to the third quarter of 2023. This variance was largely driven by the 67% decline in lithium market prices versus the third quarter of 2023  offset by a 42% increase in volume.SG&A expenses of $12 million in the third quarter of 2024 were 16% higher than in the same period last year  mainly driven by the increase in headcount related to the German lithium expansion project and higher professional fees.The third quarter 2024 adjusted EBITDA decreased 65%  to $10 million  from $30 million in the third quarter of 2023  due to the decline in lithium prices as noted above.During the third quarter of 2024  a total of 22 731 dry metric tons (“dmt”) of lithium concentrates were sold  42% higher than the 16 012 dmt in the third quarter of 2023. The average realized sales price was $870/dmt CIF China for the quarter. The average cost per ton for the quarter was $450/dmt CIF China  driven by higher lithium concentrate production  lower costs from the weakening Brazilian Real  and ongoing high tantalum sales volumes which lower the cost of production.Our lithium concentrate plant is currently ramping to 130 000 tons and shipping volumes were therefore impacted in the third quarter of 2024. We expect to reach design capacity production in the fourth quarter of 2024. AMG is one of the lowest-cost lithium concentrate mines in the world  and we plan to maintain this competitive advantage.AMG VanadiumQ3 ‘24 Q3 ‘23 Change Revenue $150 972 $174 436 (13%) Gross profit 11 282 17 182 (34%) Operating (loss) profit (2 573) 3 539 N/A Adjusted EBITDA 10 762 15 067 (29%)AMG Vanadium’s revenue for the third quarter of 2024 decreased by 13%  to $151 million  due primarily to lower sales prices across the segment and lower volumes of ferrovanadium  partially offset by increased volumes in chrome metal.Gross profit of $11 million in the third quarter of 2024 was 34% lower compared to the same period in 2023  largely due to the decline in revenues noted above.SG&A expenses in the third quarter of 2024 of $14 million were materially in line with the comparable prior period.The third quarter of 2024 adjusted EBITDA of $11 million was 29% below the same period in 2023. This was primarily driven by the 21% decrease in market prices for ferrovanadium compared to the third quarter of 2023.AMG TechnologiesQ3 ‘24 Q3 ‘23 Change Revenue $156 431 $131 935 19% Gross profit 35 597 22 852 56% Operating profit 13 968 4 130 238% Adjusted EBITDA 19 255 9 080 112%AMG Technologies' third quarter 2024 revenue increased by $24 million  or 19%  compared to the same period in 2023. This improvement was driven by higher sales volumes of antimony and silicon  and higher sales prices of antimony.SG&A expenses increased by 13% in the third quarter of 2024 compared to the same period in 2023  due to additional personnel at AMG LIVA and AMG Engineering corresponding to the increased business development  as well as increased professional fees and research and development costs.AMG Technologies’ adjusted EBITDA was $19 million during the third quarter  more than double the same period in 2023. The increase was primarily due to higher profitability in antimony and graphite.AMG Engineering signed $131 million in new orders during the third quarter of 2024  representing a 1.82x book to bill ratio. The third quarter 2024 order intake was driven by exceptionally strong orders of remelting furnaces. Order backlog was the highest in AMG’s history at $367 million as of September 30  2024.AMG Silicon has been operating two of its four furnaces since March 2024  and we plan to run two furnaces for the remainder of 2024. The operational parameters of the silicon business will continue to be reviewed on an ongoing basis. Due to the noted interruptions in AMG Silicon’s operations  the profitability of the business is immaterial and excluded from adjusted EBITDA during this period of abnormal operations.Financial ReviewTaxAMG recorded an income tax expense of $2 million in the third quarter of 2024. This expense was mainly due to $7 million of deferred tax expenses in our German businesses related to losses that do not qualify for recognition as deferred tax assets. This expense is offset by the $3 million tax benefit related to the statutory tax rates applied to AMG’s negative profit before tax. In addition  there was a $2 million deferred tax benefit related to a favorable foreign exchange impact on our Brazilian tax positions.AMG paid taxes of $5 million in the third quarter of 2024  compared to tax payments of $33 million in the third quarter of 2023. The reduced cash payments in the current period were largely a result of the decrease in profitability year-over-year.Exceptional ItemsAMG’s third quarter 2024 gross profit includes exceptional items  which are not included in the calculation of adjusted EBITDA.A summary of exceptional items included in gross profit in the third quarters of 2024 and 2023 are below:Exceptional items included in gross profitQ3 ‘24 Q3 ‘23 Change Gross profit $46 098 $66 803 (31%) Inventory cost adjustment 18 258 7 283 151% Restructuring expense 102 2 745 (96%) Silicon’s partial closure (1 224) (1 483) 17% Strategic project expense 441 512 (14%) Gross profit excluding exceptional items 63 675 75 860 (16%)AMG had $18 million non-cash expense during the third quarter of 2024 mainly driven by AMG Lithium due to the decline in lithium prices  which has been excluded from the calculation of adjusted EBITDA.SG&AAMG’s third quarter 2024 SG&A expenses were $47 million compared to $43 million in the third quarter of 2023. The increase was largely driven by the increase in headcount in our Lithium  Engineering  and LIVA businesses associated with our strategic expansion projects and higher professional fees relating to additional regulatory requirements.LiquiditySeptember 30  2024 December 31  2023 Change Senior secured debt $432 562 $337 402 28% Cash & cash equivalents 271 599 345 308 (21%) Senior secured net debt (cash) 160 963 (7 906) N/A Other debt 11 807 13 105 (10%) Net debt excluding municipal bond 172 770 5 199 N/A Municipal bond debt 318 812 319 002 — % Restricted cash 1 439 1 451 (1%) Net debt 490 143 322 750 52%AMG continued to maintain a strong balance sheet and adequate sources of liquidity during the third quarter. As of September 30  2024  the Company had $272 million in unrestricted cash and cash equivalents and $200 million available on its revolving credit facility. As such  AMG had $472 million of total liquidity as of September 30  2024.Net Finance CostsAMG’s third quarter 2024 net finance cost was $8 million compared to $9 million in the third quarter of 2023. This is due to higher non-cash intercompany foreign exchange gains compared to the same period in 2023  partially offset by increased interest costs associated with the new $100 million incremental term loan issued in April 2024.OutlookDue to the strong operating results to date including exceptional results from our Antimony operation  we are increasing our EBITDA guidance for 2024 from “exceed $130 million EBITDA” to “exceed $150 million EBITDA.”As the lithium prices have weakened further and AMG Antimony’s contributions normalize  we expect AMG’s adjusted EBITDA to exceed $130 million in 2025. Due to the uncertainty related to the commissioning and ramp-up process as well as the impact of the write-downs in the value of our inventory to the current low market prices  we have excluded any expected contribution from our lithium hydroxide refinery in Bitterfeld  Germany from our 2025 guidance.(Loss) profit for the period to adjusted EBITDA reconciliationQ3 ‘24 Q3 ‘23 (Loss) profit for the period ($11 708) $1 002 Income tax expense 1 676 12 565 Net finance cost 7 813 9 295 Equity-settled share-based payment transactions 1 524 1 392 Restructuring expense 102 2 745 Silicon’s partial closure (346) (739) Inventory cost adjustment 18 258 7 283 Strategic project expense (1) 7 127 5 301 Share of loss of associates 967 1 197 Others (5) 184 EBIT 25 408 40 225 Depreciation and amortization 14 818 13 560 Adjusted EBITDA 40 226 53 785Notes:(1) The Company is in the initial development and ramp-up phases for several strategic expansion projects  including the joint venture with Shell  the LIVA Battery System  and the lithium expansion in Germany  which incurred project expenses during the quarter but are not yet operational. AMG is adjusting EBITDA for these exceptional charges.AMG Critical Materials N.V. Condensed Interim Consolidated Income Statement For the quarter ended September 30 In thousands of US dollars 2024 2023 Unaudited Unaudited Continuing operations Revenue 356 003 368 717 Cost of sales (309 905) (301 914) Gross profit 46 098 66 803 Selling  general and administrative expenses (47 446) (42 800) Other income  net 96 56 Net other operating income 96 56 Operating (loss) profit (1 252) 24 059 Finance income 5 160 5 676 Finance cost (12 973) (14 971) Net finance cost (7 813) (9 295) Share of loss of associates and joint ventures (967) (1 197) (Loss) profit before income tax (10 032) 13 567 Income tax expense (1 676) (12 565) (Loss) profit for the period (11 708) 1 002 (Loss) profit attributable to: Shareholders of the Company (13 353) 163 Non-controlling interests 1 645 839 (Loss) profit for the period (11 708) 1 002 (Loss) earnings per share Basic (loss) earnings per share (0.41) 0.01 Diluted (loss) earnings per share (0.41) 0.00AMG Critical Materials N.V. Condensed Interim Consolidated Income Statement For the nine months ended September 30 In thousands of US dollars 2024 2023 Unaudited Unaudited Continuing operations Revenue 1 078 473 1 258 626 Cost of sales (929 717) (924 447) Gross profit 148 756 334 179 Selling  general and administrative expenses (137 234) (132 580) Other income  net 236 650 Net other operating income 236 650 Operating profit 11 758 202 249 Finance income 15 127 14 843 Finance cost (45 010) (38 037) Net finance cost (29 883) (23 194) Share of loss of associates and joint ventures (2 706) (2 989) (Loss) profit before income tax (20 831) 176 066 Income tax expense (15 504) (75 044) (Loss) profit for the period (36 335) 101 022 (Loss) profit attributable to: Shareholders of the Company (40 615) 99 147 Non-controlling interests 4 280 1 875 (Loss) Profit for the period (36 335) 101 022 (Loss) earnings per share Basic (loss) earnings per share (1.26) 3.08 Diluted (loss) earnings per share (1.26) 3.04AMG Critical Materials N.V. Condensed Interim Consolidated Statement of Financial Position In thousands of US dollars September 30  2024 Unaudited December 31  2023 Assets Property  plant and equipment 970 058 921 178 Goodwill and other intangible assets 53 735 40 313 Derivative financial instruments 11 940 22 847 Equity-accounted investees 38 173 18 266 Other investments 44 766 38 160 Deferred tax assets 33 579 26 882 Restricted cash 391 387 Other assets 14 580 12 060 Total non-current assets 1 167 222 1 080 093 Inventories 318 135 260 945 Derivative financial instruments 3 388 3 397 Trade and other receivables 199 801 164 027 Other assets 90 899 100 128 Current tax assets 6 774 7 845 Restricted cash 1 048 1 064 Cash and cash equivalents 271 599 345 308 Total current assets 891 644 882 714 Total assets 2 058 866 1 962 807AMG Critical Materials N.V. Condensed Interim Consolidated Statement of Financial Position (continued) In thousands of US dollars September 30  2024 Unaudited December 31  2023 Equity Issued capital 853 853 Share premium 553 715 553 715 Treasury shares (9 558) (10 593) Other reserves (45 484) (52 269) Retained earnings 17 605 70 077 Equity attributable to shareholders of the Company 517 131 561 783 Non-controlling interests 48 265 44 220 Total equity 565 396 606 003 Liabilities Loans and borrowings 749 228 656 265 Lease liabilities 46 003 46 629 Employee benefits 130 072 133 333 Provisions 17 560 17 951 Deferred revenue 10 138 17 836 Other liabilities 6 325 4 784 Derivative financial instruments — 27 Deferred tax liabilities 13 041 6 664 Total non-current liabilities 972 367 883 489 Loans and borrowings 5 696 5 566 Lease liabilities 5 675 5 725 Short-term bank debt 8 257 7 678 Deferred revenue 16 228 14 083 Other liabilities 89 134 77 052 Trade and other payables 243 997 259 339 Derivative financial instruments 2 582 2 828 Advance payments from customers 121 221 60 561 Current tax liability 20 572 24 279 Provisions 7 741 16 204 Total current liabilities 521 103 473 315 Total liabilities 1 493 470 1 356 804 Total equity and liabilities 2 058 866 1 962 807AMG Critical Materials N.V. Condensed Interim Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows For the nine months ended September 30 In thousands of US dollars 2024 2023 Unaudited Unaudited Cash (used in) from operating activities (Loss) profit for the period (36 335) 101 022 Adjustments to reconcile net profit to net cash flows: Non-cash: Income tax expense 15 504 75 044 Depreciation and amortization 42 977 40 200 Asset impairment reversal — (767) Net finance cost 29 883 23 194 Share of loss of associates and joint ventures 2 706 2 989 Loss on sale or disposal of property  plant and equipment 158 33 Equity-settled share-based payment transactions 4 563 4 356 Movement in provisions  pensions  and government grants (8 776) 8 470 Working capital  deferred revenue adjustments  and other (32 731) 31 609 Cash generated from operating activities 17 949 286 150 Finance costs paid  net (27 291) (19 163) Income tax paid (16 669) (88 691) Net cash (used in) from operating activities (26 011) 178 296 Cash used in investing activities Proceeds from sale of property  plant and equipment 28 34 Acquisition of property  plant and equipment and intangibles (85 448) (109 540) Investments in associates and joint ventures (22 613) (19 939) Use of restricted cash 12 5 492 Interest received on restricted cash — 30 Capitalized borrowing cost paid (11 584) (11 583) Other (20) 4 Net cash used in investing activities (119 625) (135 502)AMG Critical Materials N.V. Condensed Interim Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows (continued) For the nine months ended September 30 In thousands of US dollars 2024 2023 Unaudited Unaudited Cash from (used in) financing activities Proceeds from issuance of debt 100 000 57 Payment of transaction costs related to debt (2 483) — Repayment of loans and borrowings (4 381) (14 355) Net repurchase of common shares (688) (6 960) Dividends paid (15 072) (28 212) Payment of lease liabilities (4 835) (4 098) Contributions by non-controlling interests — 14 000 Net cash from (used in) financing activities 72 541 (39 568) Net (decrease) increase in cash and cash equivalents (73 095) 3 226 Cash and cash equivalents at January 1 345 308 346 043 Effect of exchange rate fluctuations on cash held (614) (1 976) Cash and cash equivalents at September 30 271 599 347 293This press release contains inside information within the meaning of Article 7(1) of the EU Market Abuse Regulation.This press release contains regulated information as defined in the Dutch Financial Markets Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht).About AMGAMG's mission is to provide critical materials and related process technologies to advance a less carbon-intensive world. To this end  AMG is focused on the production and development of energy storage materials such as lithium  vanadium  and tantalum. In addition  AMG's products include highly engineered systems to reduce CO 2 in aerospace engines  as well as critical materials addressing CO 2 reduction in a variety of other end use markets.AMG’s Lithium segment spans the lithium value chain  reducing the CO 2 footprint of both suppliers and customers. AMG’s Vanadium segment is the world’s market leader in recycling vanadium from oil refining residues  spanning the Company’s vanadium  titanium  and chrome businesses. AMG’s Technologies segment is the established world market leader in advanced metallurgy and provides equipment engineering to the aerospace engine sector globally. It serves as the engineering home for the Company’s fast-growing LIVA batteries  and spans AMG’s mineral processing operations in graphite  antimony  and silicon metal.With approximately 3 600 employees  AMG operates globally with production facilities in Germany  the United Kingdom  France  the United States  China  Mexico  Brazil  India  and Sri Lanka  and has sales and customer service offices in Japan (www.amg-nv.com).For further information  please contact:AMG Critical Materials N.V. +1 610 975 4979Michele Fischermfischer@amg-nv.comDisclaimerCertain statements in this press release are not historical facts and are “forward looking.” Forward looking statements include statements concerning AMG’s plans  expectations  projections  objectives  targets  goals  strategies  future events  future revenues or performance  capital expenditures  financing needs  plans and intentions relating to acquisitions  AMG’s competitive strengths and weaknesses  plans or goals relating to forecasted production  reserves  financial position and future operations and development  AMG’s business strategy and the trends AMG anticipates in the industries and the political and legal environment in which it operates and other information that is not historical information. When used in this press release  the words “expects ” “believes ” “anticipates ” “plans ” “may ” “will ” “should ” and similar expressions  and the negatives thereof  are intended to identify forward looking statements. By their very nature  forward-looking statements involve inherent risks and uncertainties  both general and specific  and risks exist that the predictions  forecasts  projections and other forward-looking statements will not be achieved. These forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this press release. AMG expressly disclaims any obligation or undertaking to release publicly any updates or revisions to any forward-looking statement contained herein to reflect any change in AMG's expectations with regard thereto or any change in events  conditions  or circumstances on which any forward-looking statement is based.Attachment,negative,0.01,0.49,0.5,mixed,0.58,0.11,0.31,True,English,"['AMG Reports', 'Stable Results', 'Weak Markets', 'first third-party commercial Hybrid Energy Storage System', 'AMG Critical Materials N.V.', 'full 130,000-ton annualized capacity', 'first lithium hydroxide refinery', 'Vanadium Redox Flow batteries', 'major lithium capital expenditures', 'lithium concentrate plant expansion', 'German lithium expansion project', 'record high order backlog', 'Brazilian mine expansion', 'Supercenter” phase 1 project', 'Dr. Heinz Schimmelbusch', 'revolving credit availability', 'inventory cost adjustments', 'equity-settled share-based payments', 'other exceptional items', 'higher professional fees', 'vanadium electrolyte plant', 'significant capital intensity', 'steady growth trend', 'exceptional legal expenses', 'SG&A expenses', 'challenging market conditions', 'revolving credit facility', 'Industrial Investment License', 'Net (loss) income', 'lithium market prices', 'A Operating margin', 'Gross (loss) profit', 'AMG Technologies segment', 'A Adjusted EBITDA', 'power system', 'third quarter 2024 revenue', 'vanadium prices', 'Gross margin', 'strategic expenses', 'Gross profit', 'order intake', 'income taxes', 'AMG Lithium', 'growing market', 'significant declines', 'growth projects', 'AMG Vanadium', 'fourth quarter', 'Regulated Information', 'strong performance', 'Management Board', 'excellent results', 'diversified portfolio', 'price levels', 'grand opening', 'customer qualification', 'low-cost position', 'strong profitability', 'significant liquidity', 'qualification batches', 'Saudi Arabia', 'detailed engineering', 'Several licenses', 'Mineral Resources', 'strong orders', 'AI-driven efficiency', 'Wipotec GmbH', 'Financial Highlights', 'Key Figures', 'US dollars', '23 Change Revenue', 'operating activities', '26 N/A Notes', 'asset impairment', 'environmental provisions', 'Operational Review', 'EBITDA margin', 'same period', 'AMG Engineering', 'AMG Titanium', 'AMG LIVA', 'total liquidity', 'EURONEXT AMSTERDAM', 'earnings power', 'unrestricted cash', '3% decrease', 'increase', 'Chairman', 'CEO', 'September', 'depressed', 'terms', 'Europe', 'Bitterfeld', 'Germany', 'construction', 'commissioning', 'ramp', 'Both', 'hand', '90,000 tons', '130,000 tons', 'year', 'Nuremberg', 'customers', 'SARBV', 'permits', 'Ministry', 'history', 'furnaces', 'Lithium-Ion', 'Q3', 'shareholders', 'interest', 'restructuring', 'depreciation', 'amortization', 'variance', '67% decline', 'volume', 'headcount']",2024-11-06,2024-11-07,globenewswire.com
46855,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.co.uk/news-releases/universal-music-group-nv-to-participate-in-the-morgan-stanley-european-technology-media--telecom-conference-2024-302297661.html,Universal Music Group N.V. To Participate in the Morgan Stanley European Technology  Media & Telecom Conference 2024,HILVERSUM  The Netherlands  Nov. 6  2024 /PRNewswire/ -- Universal Music Group N.V. (EURONEXT: UMG) announced today that its COO and CFO  Boyd Muir  will participate in a question-and-answer session at the Morgan Stanley European Technology  Media & Telecom C…,HILVERSUM  The Netherlands  Nov. 6  2024 /PRNewswire/ -- Universal Music Group N.V. (EURONEXT: UMG) announced today that its COO and CFO  Boyd Muir  will participate in a question-and-answer session at the Morgan Stanley European Technology  Media & Telecom Conference on Wednesday  November 20  2024 at 12:20pm CET.To listen to the webcast  please visit investors.universalmusic.com.UMGAbout Universal Music GroupAt Universal Music Group  we exist to shape culture through the power of artistry. UMG is the world leader in music-based entertainment  with a broad array of businesses engaged in recorded music  music publishing  merchandising  and audiovisual content. Featuring the most comprehensive catalogue of recordings and songs across every musical genre  UMG identifies and develops artists and produces and distributes the most critically acclaimed and commercially successful music in the world. Committed to artistry  innovation  and entrepreneurship  UMG fosters the development of services  platforms  and business models in order to broaden artistic and commercial opportunities for our artists and create new experiences for fans. For more information  visit www.universalmusic.com.ContactsMediaJames Murtagh-Hopkins – communicationsnl@umusic.comInvestorsErika Begun – investorrelations@umusic.comLogo - https://mma.prnewswire.com/media/512308/UMG.jpg,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,True,English,"['Universal Music Group N.V.', 'Morgan Stanley European Technology', 'Telecom Conference', 'Media', 'Universal Music Group N.V.', 'Morgan Stanley European Technology', 'commercially successful music', 'music publishing', 'The Netherlands', 'Boyd Muir', 'answer session', 'Telecom Conference', 'music-based entertainment', 'broad array', 'audiovisual content', 'comprehensive catalogue', 'musical genre', 'business models', 'commercial opportunities', 'new experiences', 'James Murtagh-Hopkins', 'Erika Begun', 'world leader', 'Contacts Media', 'HILVERSUM', 'EURONEXT', 'UMG', 'COO', 'CFO', 'question', 'Wednesday', 'November', '12:20pm', 'webcast', 'investors', 'universalmusic', 'culture', 'power', 'artistry', 'businesses', 'merchandising', 'recordings', 'songs', 'artists', 'acclaimed', 'innovation', 'entrepreneurship', 'development', 'services', 'platforms', 'order', 'artistic', 'fans', 'information', 'communicationsnl', 'umusic', 'investorrelations', 'Logo', 'prnewswire']",2024-11-06,2024-11-07,prnewswire.co.uk
46856,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/11/06/2975896/0/en/Neurones-Organic-growth-up-10-5-in-3rd-quarter-2024.html,Neurones: Organic growth up 10.5% in 3rd quarter 2024,PRESS INFORMATIONHeading: 3rd quarter 2024 revenues        Nanterre  November 6  2024 (after trading)  Organic growth up 10.5% in 3rd quarter 2024 (not......,PRESS INFORMATIONHeading: 3rd quarter 2024 revenues Nanterre  November 6  2024 (after trading)Organic growth up 10.5% in 3rd quarter 2024(not audited  in millions of euros) 2023 2024 growth of which organic 3rd quarter revenues 177 196.7 + 11.1% + 10.5% Total as at the end-September 545.7 599.1 + 9.8% + 8.9%AchievementsNEURONES posted double-digit organic growth in the 3rd quarter.The most notable advances continue to be in Data  Digital Projects  Cybersecurity  Sovereign and Secure Cloud (SecNumCloud).Total turnover is down 3 points (14.3% vs. 17.3% a year ago).Over the entire nine-month period  operating profit * amounted to 9.6% of revenues.OutlookFor 2024  NEURONES confirms its forecasts made at the beginning of the year (around €800 million in revenues and 9.5% in operating profit).* not audited and after inclusion of 0.8% of expenses related to bonus shares.About NEURONESWith 7 100 experts  and ranking among the French leaders in consulting and digital services  NEURONES helps large companies and organizations implement their digital projects  transform their IT infrastructures and adopt new uses.Euronext Paris (compartment B - NRO) – Euronext Tech Leaders – DSS mid-caps – ‘PEA-PME’ eligiblewww.neurones.netPress Relations:O'ConnectionJulia Philippe-BrutinTel.: +33 (0)6 03 63 06 03jpbrutin@oconnection.frNEURONESMatthieu VautierTel.: +33 (0)1 41 37 41 37rp@neurones.netInvestor Relations:NEURONESPaul-César BonnelTel.: +33 (0)1 41 37 41 37investisseurs@neurones.netAttachment,neutral,0.08,0.91,0.0,positive,0.54,0.44,0.02,True,English,"['Organic growth', '3rd quarter', 'Neurones', 'organic 3rd quarter revenues', 'entire nine-month period', 'Paul-César Bonnel', 'PRESS INFORMATION Heading', 'double-digit organic growth', 'Euronext Tech Leaders', '3rd quarter 2024 revenues', 'French leaders', 'Euronext Paris', 'Press Relations', 'notable advances', 'Digital Projects', 'Secure Cloud', 'Total turnover', 'operating profit', 'bonus shares', 'digital services', 'large companies', 'IT infrastructures', 'new uses', 'compartment B', 'DSS mid-caps', ""O'Connection"", 'Julia Philippe-Brutin', 'Matthieu Vautier', 'Investor Relations', '2024 growth', 'Nanterre', 'November', 'trading', 'millions', 'euros', 'end-September', 'Achievements', 'NEURONES', 'Data', 'Cybersecurity', 'Sovereign', 'SecNumCloud', 'Outlook', 'forecasts', 'beginning', 'year', 'inclusion', 'expenses', '7,100 experts', 'consulting', 'organizations', 'NRO', 'PEA-PME', 'Tel.', 'jpbrutin', 'oconnection', 'investisseurs', 'Attachment', '6']",2024-11-06,2024-11-07,globenewswire.com
46857,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/11/06/2976153/0/en/Monthly-information-on-share-capital-and-company-voting-rights.html,Monthly information on share capital and company voting rights,(Article 223-16 of General Regulation of the French financial markets authority) (Article 223-16 of General Regulation of the French financial markets authority),PARIS  Nov. 06  2024 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) --Listing market: Euronext GrowthISIN code: FR0010425595Date Total number of sharesin the capital Total number of voting rights 10/31/2024 100 093 873 88 569 210For further information on Cellectis  please contact:Media contact:Pascalyne Wilson  Director  Communications  +33 (0)7 76 99 14 33  media@cellectis.comPatricia Sosa Navarro  Chief of Staff to the CEO  +33 (0)7 76 77 46 93Investor Relations contacts:Arthur Stril  Interim Chief Financial Officer  +1 (347) 809 5980  investors@cellectis.comAttachment,neutral,0.39,0.6,0.01,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.0,True,English,"['company voting rights', 'Monthly information', 'share capital', 'Interim Chief Financial Officer', 'Patricia Sosa Navarro', 'Investor Relations contacts', 'GLOBE NEWSWIRE', 'Listing market', 'Euronext Growth', 'ISIN code', 'Total number', 'voting rights', 'Media contact', 'Pascalyne Wilson', 'Arthur Stril', 'PARIS', 'Date', 'shares', 'capital', 'information', 'Cellectis', 'Director', 'Communications', 'Staff', 'CEO', 'Attachment', '7']",2024-11-06,2024-11-07,globenewswire.com
46858,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/11/06/2975421/0/en/VALNEVA-Declaration-of-shares-and-voting-rights-October-31-2024.html,VALNEVA - Declaration of shares and voting rights: October 31  2024,VALNEVA  Declaration of shares and voting rights October 31 ...,VALNEVADeclaration of shares and voting rightsOctober 31  2024__________________________________________________________________________________________Company name: VALNEVARegistered office: 6 rue Alain Bombard  44800 Saint-Herblain (France)Regulated market of Euronext Paris - Compartment BDeclaration date: November 6  2024Number of sharescomposing the share capital of Valneva Total number of voting rights including suspended voting rights* Description of the change Date on which this change was recognized Total number of voting rights excluding suspended voting rights**162 494 003ordinary shares with a par value of €0.15 each 178 365 675 Transfer into bearer form of 208 shares with double voting rightsDefinitive attribution of 217 102 free ordinary sharesDouble voting rights granted on 4 050 ordinary shares Between October 8 & 10  2024October 10  2024Between October 6 & 31  2024 178 241 353___________________________* Theoretical voting rights. This number is used as the basis for calculating threshold crossings. In accordance with Article 223-11 of the AMF General Regulations  this number is calculated on the basis of all shares to which voting rights are attached  including those for which voting rights have been suspended.** Net (or exercisable at a General Meeting) voting rights.Attachment,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.02,0.96,0.02,True,English,"['voting rights', 'VALNEVA', 'Declaration', 'shares', 'October', '6 rue Alain Bombard', 'AMF General Regulations', 'double voting rights', 'Theoretical voting rights', '217,102 free ordinary shares', 'General Meeting', 'Company name', 'Registered office', 'Regulated market', 'Euronext Paris', 'Compartment B', 'share capital', 'par value', 'bearer form', 'Definitive attribution', 'threshold crossings', '4,050 ordinary shares', 'Declaration date', 'change Date', 'Total number', '208 shares', 'VALNEVA', 'October', '44800 Saint-Herblain', 'France', 'November', 'Description', 'Transfer', 'basis', 'accordance', 'Article', 'Attachment']",2024-11-06,2024-11-07,globenewswire.com
46859,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/11/06/2975888/0/en/FORVIA-Total-number-of-voting-rights-and-shares-forming-the-share-capital.html,FORVIA: Total number of voting rights and shares forming the share capital,Nanterre  6 November 2024  Total number of voting rights and shares forming the share capital (Article L. 233-8 II of the French Commercial Code...,Nanterre  6 November 2024Total number of voting rights and shares forming the share capital(Article L. 233-8 II of the French Commercial Code andArticle 223-16 of the General Regulation of the French Financial Markets Authority)__________________Trading place: Euronext ParisCompartment: AISIN code: FR0000121147LEI code: 969500F0VMZLK2IULV85Date Number of shares Total number of theoretical voting rights (1) Total number of exercisable voting rights (2) 31 October 2024 197 089 340 231 212 275 219 296 035(1) In accordance with the provisions of Article 223-11 of the General Regulation of the French Financial Markets Authority  the total number of voting rights (theoretical) is calculated on the basis of all the shares to which voting rights are attached  including the shares deprived of voting rights.(2) Exercisable voting rights = total number of voting rights attached to the total number of shares less shares deprived of voting rights.Inclusion in the bylaws of a clause that requires crossing thresholds declaration in addition to that related to legal thresholds: yes.Attachment,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,negative,0.0,0.12,0.88,True,English,"['Total number', 'voting rights', 'share capital', 'FORVIA', 'shares', 'French Financial Markets Authority', 'French Commercial Code', 'Euronext Paris Compartment', 'theoretical voting rights', 'exercisable voting rights', 'ISIN code', 'LEI code', 'Total number', 'share capital', 'General Regulation', 'Trading place', 'Date Number', 'thresholds declaration', 'legal thresholds', 'Article L.', 'less shares', 'Nanterre', '6 November', '969500F0VMZLK2IULV85', 'October', 'accordance', 'provisions', 'basis', 'Inclusion', 'bylaws', 'clause', 'addition', 'Attachment']",2024-11-06,2024-11-07,globenewswire.com
46860,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/11/06/2975899/0/en/BIC-Disclosure-of-total-number-of-voting-rights-and-number-of-shares-forming-the-capital-as-of-October-31-2024.html,BIC: Disclosure of total number of voting rights and number of shares forming the capital as of October 31  2024,Disclosure of total number of voting rights andnumber of shares forming the capitalas of October 31  2024  CLICHY – November 06  2024  Article L...,Disclosure of total number of voting rights andnumber of shares forming the capitalas of October 31  2024CLICHY – November 06  2024Article L 233-8-II of the French “Code de Commerce” and Article 223-16 of the General Regulations of the French “Autorité des Marchés Financiers”.As of 0ctober 31  2024  the total number of issued shares of SOCIÉTÉ BIC is 42 270 689 shares  representing:60 507 759 voting rights 59 502 210 voting rights excluding shares without voting rightsABOUT BICA global leader in stationery  lighters  and shavers  BIC brings simplicity and joy to everyday life. For 80 years  BIC’s commitment to delivering high-quality  affordable  and trusted products has established BIC as a symbol of reliability and innovation. With a presence in over 160 countries  and over 14 000 team members worldwide  BIC’s portfolio includes iconic brands and products such as BIC® 4-Color™  BodyMark®  Cello®  Cristal®  Inkbox®  BIC Kids®  Lucky™  Rocketbook®  Tattly®  Tipp-Ex®  Wite-Out®  Djeep®  EZ Load™  EZ Reach®  BIC® Flex™  Soleil® and more. Listed on Euronext Paris and included in the SBF120 and CAC Mid 60 indexes  BIC is also recognized for its steadfast commitment to sustainability and education. For more  visit www.corporate.bic.com and to see BIC’s full range of products visit www.bic.com. Follow BIC on LinkedIn  Instagram  YouTube and TikTok.CONTACTSInvestor Relations teaminvestors.info@bicworld.comBrice ParisVP Investor Relations+33 1 45 19 55 28brice.paris@bicworld.com Apolline CeleyronSenior Communications Manager+33 1 45 19 56 09Apolline.celeyron@bicworld.comIsabelle de SegonzacImage 7  Press Relations contact+33 6 89 87 61 39isegonzac@image7.frAgendaAll dates to be confirmedFull Year 2024 Results February 18  2025 (post market close) First Quarter 2025 Results April 23  2025 (post market close)Attachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.62,0.38,0.0,True,English,"['voting rights', 'total number', 'BIC', 'Disclosure', 'shares', 'capital', 'October', 'French “Autorité des Marchés Financiers', 'French “Code de', 'CAC Mid 60 indexes', 'VP Investor Relations', 'Senior Communications Manager', 'Isabelle de Segonzac', 'Press Relations contact', 'Investor Relations team', 'Full Year 2024 Results', 'SOCIÉTÉ BIC', '14,000 team members', 'full range', 'voting rights', 'General Regulations', 'global leader', 'everyday life', 'iconic brands', 'EZ Load™', 'EZ Reach®', 'post market', 'First Quarter', 'total number', 'Euronext Paris', 'Article L', 'steadfast commitment', 'BIC® 4-Color™', 'BIC Kids®', 'BIC® Flex™', 'trusted products', 'Brice Paris', 'Apolline Celeyron', 'Disclosure', 'shares', 'capital', 'October', 'CLICHY', 'November', 'Commerce', '0ctober', 'ABOUT', 'stationery', 'lighters', 'shavers', 'simplicity', 'joy', '80 years', 'symbol', 'reliability', 'innovation', 'presence', '160 countries', 'portfolio', 'BodyMark®', 'Cello®', 'Cristal®', 'Inkbox®', 'Lucky™', 'Rocketbook', 'Tattly®', 'Tipp-Ex®', 'Wite-Out®', 'Djeep', 'Soleil®', 'SBF120', 'sustainability', 'education', 'corporate', 'LinkedIn', 'Instagram', 'YouTube', 'TikTok', 'CONTACTS', 'bicworld', 'Image', 'isegonzac', 'Agenda', 'dates', 'April', 'Attachment']",2024-11-06,2024-11-07,globenewswire.com
46861,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.hospitalitynet.org/news/4124505.html,From Stays to A Holistic Ecosystem: When Loyalty Meets Digital to Elevate Client Relationships,As the hospitality industry continues to evolve  Accor's ALL loyalty program stands at the forefront  driving growth and enhancing guest experience and relationship. With a mission to foster guest loyalty while increasing value for clients  owners  and Accor …,As the hospitality industry continues to evolve  Accor's ALL loyalty program stands at the forefront  driving growth and enhancing guest experience and relationship. With a mission to foster guest loyalty while increasing value for clients  owners  and Accor  ALL has become a pivotal element in our Group’s success. By leveraging our digital expertise and broad ecosystem  we meet clients’ expectations and needs by offering unique loyalty benefits  and a large choice of hotels and experience in seamless customer journeys through our ALL.com website and application.Part of our holistic ecosystem  ALL’s enhanced digital experience  and unwavering commitment to client satisfaction and insights are transforming the hospitality landscape and setting higher standards for loyalty programs  acting as a major lever to drive direct channel usage and support overall topline growth.ALL is not just about booking and rewarding stays – it’s about creating a dialogue and a connection with our customers before  during  and after their stay. We are committed to providing our guests seamless  enriched experiences and delivering substantial value at the lowest cost to our owners. By continuously innovating and adapting  we aim to meet the evolving needs of our clients and reinforce our leadership position in the hospitality industry. Mehdi Hemici  Chief Loyalty & Ecommerce Officer  AccorSource: AccorA Growing Digital Ecosystem: Always Closer to Our GuestsIn a constantly changing world with increasing global mobility  ALL brings inspiration  simplicity  and flexibility to travel and everyday life. With one of the industry’s most diverse hospitality ecosystems encompassing accommodation  dining  wellness  and more  ALL brings together 45+ loved brands in 110 countries and a vast variety of rewards  experiences  services  and 100+ industry-leading international partners. With personalized recommendations on the ALL.com website and application  clients can explore an extensive range of relevant offerings and services tailored to their needs at the right time  via the right channel  whether they’re at home  on the move  or at their destination.The ALL.com app personalizes the experience even further by offering dynamic  hyper-local content. For instance  when a guest arrives in a new city  the app uses location data and guest preferences to recommend local events  experiences  and restaurants that align with the traveler’s interests. If a traveler is interested in cultural experiences  the app might suggest nearby museums or theater shows.Thanks to a smart data management strategy (always under the client’s control)  ALL is getting ever closer to guests and constantly refining the experience to ensure a continuously strengthened connection and dialogue and creating a virtuous circle of engagement. This dialogue begins with our website and continues through our app  an essential travel companion  especially as travel modes evolve and a digital presence becomes more integral.By leveraging digital and the power of personalization  we target specific clients with greater precision  deliver them inspiration and recommendations  and customize rewards to meet their unique needs. ALL.com’s suggestions help deepen this connection even further. Based on a guest's previous bookings  preferences  and loyalty behavior  ALL can recommend suitable hotels for future trips. For example  for family vacations  the app might recommend family-friendly hotels  offering package deals that cater to family activities.By empowering our customers to choose  ALL creates a virtuous circle in customer relationships: more knowledge  more personalization  more business generated and more brand loyalty.Discover some offers and services available on ALL.com website and app:Restaurants:Tables at the finest restaurants around the world from a wide range of gourmet restaurants  cafés  bistros  brunch. Accor is a major actor and nleader in the F&B industry with 10 000+ restaurants and bars worldwide and has been strongly accelerating its development and expertise over the past few years.Spa:A wide range of “à la carte” treatments  services  and experiences  as well as wellness stays with accommodation and wellness offers. Driving wellness innovation  Accor has also launched last year the Purist  an innovative holistic  modern  and sustainable concept.Activities & Events:Adiverse array of activities & events in more than 65 cities around the world and access art exhibitions  augmented reality experiences  boat rides and others.Resorts:An extensive portfolio of destinations  activities  and facilities on offer at our resorts  from nearby staycations to exclusive getaways  family holidays to romantic breaks. Accor continuously introduces new concepts and places to discover with a robust development pipeline.Apartments & Villas:Seamless extended stay experiences in a city aparthotel or luxurious holiday villa rental  combining the comforts of home with the quality service of a hotel  for an indefinite business trip  a sabbatical  or a long summer vacation.Professionals:Collaborative or inspiring open co-working spaces at Wojo  one of the European leaders in flexible offices and workspaces  or Worklib  the solution for all work-related needs  and effortlessly book a meeting room  remote work or team days. Accor is well positioned to capture and grow these opportunities and is increasingly integrating workspaces & services in its hotels around the world.Meetings & Events:The ALL Meeting Planner program offers points for every meeting and event organized  with workspaces in a variety of locations  from luxury to budget-friendly hotels  available across the globe. Accor offers more than 18 500 meeting and event spaces around the world.The Power of the Digital Ecosystem: Empowering Owners and Driving GrowthAccor's ALL digital ecosystem not only enhances guest experiences through its diverse digital offerings but also empowers owners by optimizing revenue streams and fostering long-term loyalty. The ALL.com website and app provide owners with dedicated platforms that increase the visibility of their hotel's offerings at minimal cost and contribute to growth by aligning with evolving client preferences and diversifying revenue streams. This strategic approach  based on personalization  ALL.com app engagement and proactive recommendations  enables owners and Accor to amplify their revenues from these diversified sources  and to drive cross- and upselling opportunities at the lowest cost.ALL’s digital platforms present a significant advantage: the visibility  scale  and reputation of ALL attract a broader audience. The platforms’ user-friendly design ensures that guests can seamlessly discover and access new experiences and engage more deeply. This approach not only drives immediate revenue but also fosters long-term loyalty  creating a sustainable growth model for hotels and increasig brand love.Leveraging Digital to Enrich ALL: an Elevated Experience for Our Guests and OwnersAs the Group continues to expand its loyalty program and digital offerings  leveraging its strong loyalty and digital expertise  ALL remains a cornerstone of the Group’s strategy  ensuring guests around the world stay engaged  and generating significant value for owners. By simultaneously innovating in both digital and loyalty  we are better positioned to address the evolving priorities of tomorrow’s clients – value  recognition  and a sense of impact – and our digital platforms will remain consistently aligned with these priorities.— Source: AccorAbout Accor  a world-leading hospitality groupAccor is a world leading hospitality group offering experiences across more than 110 countries  over 5 700 properties  10 000 food & beverage venues  wellness facilities or flexible workspaces. The Group has one of the industry's most diverse hospitality ecosystems  encompassing more than 45 hotel brands from luxury to economy  as well as Lifestyle with Ennismore. Accor is focused on driving positive action through business ethics  responsible tourism  environmental sustainability  community engagement  diversity  and inclusivity. Founded in 1967  Accor SA is headquartered in France and publicly listed on the Euronext Paris Stock Exchange (ISIN code: FR0000120404) and on the OTC Market (Ticker: ACCYY) in the United States. For more information  please visit group.accor.com or follow us on X  Facebook  LinkedIn  Instagram and TikTok.,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,positive,0.9,0.1,0.0,True,English,"['Holistic Ecosystem', 'Client Relationships', 'Stays', 'Loyalty', '100+ industry-leading international partners', 'luxurious holiday villa rental', 'smart data management strategy', 'Seamless extended stay experiences', 'The ALL.com app', 'increasing global mobility', '45+ loved brands', 'dynamic, hyper-local content', 'long summer vacati', 'seamless customer journeys', 'direct channel usage', 'essential travel companion', 'seamless, enriched experiences', 'diverse hospitality ecosystems', 'augmented reality experiences', 'overall topline growth', 'F&B industry', 'Driving wellness innovation', 'robust development pipeline', 'indefinite business trip', 'ALL.com website', 'unique loyalty benefits', 'Growing Digital Ecosystem', 'location data', 'right channel', 'travel modes', 'customer relationships', 'broad ecosystem', 'holistic ecosystem', 'hospitality industry', 'hospitality landscape', 'cultural experiences', 'loyalty program', 'pivotal element', 'large choice', 'unwavering commitment', 'higher standards', 'major lever', 'rewarding stays', 'lowest cost', 'leadership position', 'Mehdi Hemici', 'Chief Loyalty', 'Ecommerce Officer', 'everyday life', 'vast variety', 'extensive range', 'relevant offerings', 'right time', 'new city', 'nearby museums', 'theater shows', 'virtuous circle', 'digital presence', 'greater precision', 'unique needs', 'previous bookings', 'future trips', 'family vacations', 'package deals', 'brand loyalty', 'wide range', 'cafés', 'major actor', 'wellness stays', 'sustainable concept', 'Adiverse array', 'art exhibitions', 'boat rides', 'extensive portfolio', 'nearby staycations', 'exclusive getaways', 'family holidays', 'romantic breaks', 'new concepts', 'city aparthotel', 'quality service', 'suitable hotels', 'family-friendly hotels', 'guest loyalty', 'finest restaurants', 'gourmet restaurants', '10,000+ restaurants', 'digital expertise', 'client satisfaction', 'substantial value', 'evolving needs', 'personalized recommendations', 'wellness offers', 'clients’ expectations', 'digital experience', 'specific clients', 'changing world', 'local events', 'family activities', 'Accor Source', 'guest preferences', 'guest experience', 'forefront', 'mission', 'owners', 'Group', 'success', 'application', 'insights', 'dialogue', 'connection', 'customers', 'guests', 'inspiration', 'simplicity', 'flexibility', 'accommodation', 'dining', '110 countries', 'rewards', 'services', 'home', 'move', 'destination', 'instance', 'traveler', 'interests', 'control', 'engagement', 'power', 'personalization', 'suggestions', 'behavior', 'example', 'knowledge', 'Tables', 'bistros', 'brunch', 'nleader', 'bars', 'past', 'years', 'Spa', 'carte', 'treatments', 'Purist', '65 cities', 'others', 'Resorts', 'facilities', 'places', 'Apartments', 'Villas', 'comforts', 'sabbatical']",2024-11-06,2024-11-07,hospitalitynet.org
46862,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/11/06/2975386/0/en/PR-_-Cr%C3%A9dit-Agricole-Immobilier-announces-the-closing-of-the-acquisition-of-Nexity-Property-Management.html,PR _ Crédit Agricole Immobilier announces the closing of the acquisition of Nexity Property Management,Press release  Montrouge  6 November 2024  Crédit Agricole Immobilier announces the closing of the acquisitionof Nexity Property Managementand becomes...,Press releaseMontrouge  6 November 2024Crédit Agricole Immobilier announces the closing of the acquisitionof Nexity Property Managementand becomes the leader of Property Management in FranceCrédit Agricole Immobilier is pleased to announce that it has completed the acquisition of Nexity Property Management  a Nexity subsidiary specialised in commercial and residential asset management. With this transaction  announced on 25 July 2024  Crédit Agricole Immobilier becomes the leader in institutional property management  in France 1.The acquisition of Nexity Property Management brings additional expertise to Crédit Agricole Immobilier  ranging from advisory services to accounting and technical rental management  supervision of works  shopping malls management etc.In addition  Nexity Property Management’s powerful network of over 30 branches and offices across France  comes as an addition to strengthens Crédit Agricole Immobilier’s own presence. It supports Crédit Agricole Immobilier in addressing the needs of its institutional customers  including the customers of the Regional Banks and subsidiaries of the Crédit Agricole Group. This increased local footprint  will allow CAI to bring their expertise to clients’ investment projects  in line with the Universal Customer-focused Banking Model approach.This new transaction  taking place 18 months after the acquisition of Sudeco  a long-standing Property Management player and commercial property specialist  has established Crédit Agricole Immobilier as the market leader with the most comprehensive range of services for institutional customers across all asset categories  from residential to commercial.Overall  Crédit Agricole Immobilier now manages more than 11 000 assets.For Nexity  this transaction is fully aligned with the group’s roadmap  specifically with the refocusing strategy launched in 2023.This transaction has no significant impact on Crédit Agricole S.A.’s CET1 ratio and should generate a return on investment that is in line with Crédit Agricole’s policy.ABOUT CRÉDIT AGRICOLE IMMOBILIERA subsidiary of the Crédit Agricole Group  Crédit Agricole Immobilier supports its individual  corporate and public authority customers with real estate projects throughout France while upholding three fundamental principles: sustainability and performance of buildings  respect for the environment and decarbonisation  and social cohesion and inclusion.As a partner in the most ambitious property development projects  we work with our customers to create value throughout their projects: transaction  letting  rental management  co-ownership associations  property strategy  residential and commercial development  refurbishment  renovation  development of spaces  property management and operation.To find out more  visit: www.ca-immobilier.fr/nous-connaitreCRÉDIT AGRICOLE IMMOBILIER PRESS CONTACTVanessa Feugères – +33 (0)7 86 84 19 15 – vanessa.feugeres@ca-immobilier.frNEXITY  LIFE TOGETHERWith revenues of €4.3 billion in 2023  Nexity  the leading global real estate operator  is present all over France and operates in all areas of development and services. Our strategy as leading global real estate operator allows us to meet all our clients’ needs  whether they are individuals  corporates  institutions or authorities. Our raison d’être ‘life together’ reflects our commitment to create sustainable spaces  neighbourhoods and towns for them  that help them to build and rebuild connections. For the sixth consecutive year  Nexity was ranked the top contracting authority by Association pour le développement du Bâtiment Bas Carbone (BBCA – a French low-carbon building association)  is a member of the Bloomberg Gender Equality Index  Best Workplaces 2021 and was certified a Great Place to Work® in September 2022.Nexity is listed on Service de Règlement Différé (SRD – Deferred Settlement Service)  in Compartment A of Euronext and on the SBF 120.NEXITY PRESS CONTACTSCyril Rizk – Media Relations Manager / +33(0)6 73 49 72 61 – presse@nexity.frEmma Durel – Media Relations Officer / +33 (0)6 99 14 09 28 – presse@nexity.frAnne-Sophie Lanaute – Head of Investor Relations and Financial Communications / +33 (0)6 58 17 24 22 - investorrelations@nexity.fr1 In terms of revenues  source: Xerfi.Attachment,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.01,positive,0.69,0.31,0.0,True,English,"['Crédit Agricole Immobilier', 'Nexity Property Management', 'closing', 'acquisition', 'Service de Règlement Différé', 'CRÉDIT AGRICOLE IMMOBILIER PRESS CONTACT', 'Universal Customer-focused Banking Model approach', 'leading global real estate operator', 'Crédit Agricole S.A.', 'Bâtiment Bas Carbone', 'Bloomberg Gender Equality Index', 'Crédit Agricole Group', 'French low-carbon building association', 'standing Property Management player', 'ambitious property development projects', 'real estate projects', 'Deferred Settlement Service', 'three fundamental principles', 'sixth consecutive year', 'top contracting authority', 'shopping malls management', 'Media Relations Manager', 'Media Relations Officer', 'Vanessa Feugères', 'NEXITY PRESS CONTACTS', 'technical rental management', 'institutional property management', 'commercial property specialist', 'public authority customers', 'Nexity Property Management', 'clients’ investment projects', 'residential asset management', 'Press release', 'Investor Relations', 'property strategy', 'asset categories', 'vanessa.feugeres', 'powerful network', 'Regional Banks', 'local footprint', 'comprehensive range', 'significant impact', 'CET1 ratio', 'individual, corporate', 'social cohesion', 'ownership associations', 'clients’ needs', 'développement', 'Best Workplaces', 'Cyril Rizk', 'Emma Durel', 'Anne-Sophie Lanaute', 'Financial Communications', 'commercial development', 'refocusing strategy', 'institutional customers', 'additional expertise', 'sustainable spaces', 'Great Place', 'advisory services', 'market leader', 'Nexity subsidiary', 'new transaction', 'Montrouge', 'November', 'closing', 'acquisition', 'France', '25 July', 'accounting', 'supervision', 'works', '30 branches', 'offices', 'presence', 'subsidiaries', 'CAI', 'line', 'Sudeco', 'long', '11,000 assets', 'roadmap', 'return', 'policy', 'sustainability', 'performance', 'buildings', 'respect', 'environment', 'decarbonisation', 'inclusion', 'partner', 'value', 'refurbishment', 'renovation', 'operation', 'LIFE', 'revenues', 'areas', 'individuals', 'corporates', 'institutions', 'authorities', 'raison', 'commitment', 'neighbourhoods', 'towns', 'connections', 'BBCA', 'member', 'September', 'SRD', 'Compartment', 'Euronext', 'SBF', 'presse', 'Head', 'investorrelations', 'terms', 'source', 'Xerfi', 'Attachment', '7', '6']",2024-11-06,2024-11-07,globenewswire.com
46863,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/11/06/2975889/0/en/Nexans-announces-the-business-separation-of-its-specialty-industrial-cable-operations-now-Lynxeo.html,Nexans announces the business separation of its specialty industrial cable operations  now Lynxeo,Nexans announces the business separation of its specialty industrial cable operations  now Lynxeo   _PRESS RELEASE_  The separation will provide...,Nexans announces the business separation of its specialty industrial cable operations  now Lynxeo_PRESS RELEASE_The separation will provide increased clarity in the market  strengthening Lynxeo’s role as a fully integrated player  serving a diversified range of critical infrastructure industries including railways  rolling stock  automation  shipbuilding  wind  aerospace and healthcareToday’s announcement is yet another step in the continued successful execution by Nexans of its Electrify the Future strategyParis  November 6  2024 – Nexans continues to deliver on its Electrify the Future strategy and announces today the business separation of its specialty industrial cable operations formerly Nexans Industry Solutions & Projects now named Lynxeo  part of the Nexans group.With 2 000 employees in 9 countries and annual standard sales of over 700 million euros  Lynxeo is a powerhouse in specialty industrial cables. The move will allow Lynxeo to further enhance its role in critical industrial segments. With a heritage of than 100 years serving industrial champions  Lynxeo boasts a global manufacturing presence in Europe Asia  and the United States of America.Lynxeo: a privileged partner for customers facing energy and industrial challengesToday’s business separation provides increased clarity in the market outlook and it is a recognition of the commitment of Lynxeo’s employees  as well as their ability to innovate and provide high value-added services. Lynxeo as a strategic partner to its clients will continue to support them with critical application products for the great challenges in fields ranging from rolling stock and railway infrastructure to automation  aerospace  shipbuilding  renewable and non-carbon energies  as well as the healthcare sector.Juan Ignacio Eyzaguirre  General Manager of Lynxeo  emphasized: “I want to recognize the remarkable efforts that have gone into the project of establishing Lynxeo over the past few months. Our company brings together cutting-edge expertise that is fully aligned with the needs of our clients while addressing future industrial challenges. This is a pivotal moment for our 2 000 employees worldwide who are wired to electrify the industries that move the world. I am deeply honored and delighted to manage this exceptional team.”Christopher Guérin  CEO of Nexans  added: “Today marks a significant milestone in our strategic roadmap. We take great pride in introducing Lynxeo. Our simplification plan positions Lynxeo as a leader in specialty industrial cables while reaffirming Nexans’ role as a leader in electrification to support the climate transition. We want to see Lynxeo and its people continue to thrive and will review all options as we continue to deliver in full and on time on our promises.”About NexansFor over a century  Nexans has played a crucial role in the electrification of the planet and is committed to electrifying the future. With approximately 28 500 people in 41 countries  the Group is paving the way to a new world of safe  sustainable and decarbonized electricity that is accessible to everyone. In 2023  Nexans generated 6.5 billion euros in standard sales. The Group is a leader in the design and manufacturing of cable systems and services across four main business areas: Power Generation & Transmission  Distribution  Usage and Industry & Solutions. Nexans was the first company in its industry to create a Foundation supporting sustainable initiatives  bringing access to energy to disadvantaged communities worldwide. The Group is recognized on the CDP Climate Change A List as a global leader on climate action and has committed to Net-Zero emissions by 2050 aligned with the Science Based Targets initiative (SBTi).Nexans. Electrify the future.Nexans is listed on Euronext Paris  compartment A.For more information  please visit www.nexans.comContacts:CommunicationMael Evin (Havas Paris)Tel. : +33 (0)6 44 12 14 91nexans_h@havas.comEmmanuel Guinotemmanuel.guinot@nexans.comMaëllys Leosticmaellys.leostic@nexans.comInvestor relationsElodie Robbe-MouillotTel.: +33 (0)1 78 15 03 87elodie.robbe-mouillot@nexans.comAttachment,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,positive,0.82,0.18,0.0,True,English,"['specialty industrial cable operations', 'business separation', 'Nexans', 'Lynxeo', 'CDP Climate Change A List', 'Science Based Targets initiative', 'Maëllys Leostic maellys', 'four main business areas', 'specialty industrial cable operations', 'specialty industrial cables', 'critical industrial segments', 'critical application products', 'Juan Ignacio Eyzaguirre', 'Christopher Guérin', 'annual standard sales', 'high value-added services', 'Emmanuel Guinot emmanuel', 'critical infrastructure industries', 'global manufacturing presence', 'future industrial challenges', 'cable systems', 'industrial champions', 'climate transition', 'a century', 'climate action', 'compartment A.', 'Nexans Industry Solutions', 'railway infrastructure', 'great challenges', 'business separation', 'integrated player', 'diversified range', 'rolling stock', 'successful execution', '700 million euros', 'Europe Asia', 'United States', 'privileged partner', 'strategic partner', 'non-carbon energies', 'General Manager', 'remarkable efforts', 'cutting-edge expertise', 'pivotal moment', 'exceptional team', 'significant milestone', 'strategic roadmap', 'great pride', 'simplification plan', 'safe, sustainable', 'decarbonized electricity', '6.5 billion euros', 'Power Generation', 'sustainable initiatives', 'disadvantaged communities', 'Net-Zero emissions', 'Mael Evin', 'Investor relations', 'Future strategy', 'The Group', 'global leader', 'Euronext Paris', 'increased clarity', 'market outlook', 'healthcare sector', 'crucial role', 'new world', 'first company', 'Elodie Robbe-Mouillot', 'Havas Paris', 'Nexans group', 'Nexans’ role', 'Lynxeo', 'railways', 'automation', 'shipbuilding', 'wind', 'aerospace', 'announcement', 'step', 'continued', 'Electrify', 'Projects', '2,000 employees', '9 countries', 'powerhouse', 'move', 'heritage', '100 years', 'America', 'customers', 'energy', 'recognition', 'commitment', 'ability', 'clients', 'fields', 'renewable', 'past', 'months', 'needs', 'CEO', 'Today', 'electrification', 'people', 'options', 'full', 'time', 'promises', 'planet', '41 countries', 'everyone', 'design', 'Transmission', 'Distribution', 'Usage', 'Foundation', 'access', 'SBTi', 'information', 'Contacts', 'Communication', 'Tel.', 'Attachment']",2024-11-06,2024-11-07,globenewswire.com
46864,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.investing.com/news/press-releases/veolia-invests--30-million-to-support-the-development-of-industrial-startups-and-accelerate-the-ecological-transformation-in-europe-93CH-3704274,Veolia Invests €30 Million to Support the Development of Industrial Startups and Accelerate the Ecological Transformation in Europe By Investing.com,Veolia Invests  €30 Million to Support the Development of Industrial Startups and Accelerate the Ecological Transformation in Europe,"PARIS--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Regulatory News:On the occasion of the Smart City World Expo Congress of Barcelona  Veolia (Paris:VIE) is announcing a €30 million commitment to the Axeleo GreenTech Industry (GTI I) fund  aimed at accelerating the ecological transformation of industry in Europe. Veolia has joined forces with Bpifrance and CrÃ©dit Mutuel Alliance FÃ©dÃ©rale for this 1st closing.Dedicated to financing the first factory of industrial startups for ecological transformation in Europe  this fund  which aims to raise €250m  will offer decisive support to around twenty companies developing innovative technologies in strategic sectors essential to ecological transformation in Europe  such as energy (new renewable energies  storage  etc.)  chemicals  materials (biomaterials  plastics recycling  etc.)  agriculture  food and mobility (decarbonisation of air and sea transport  etc.).In addition to its financial participation  Veolia will use its industrial expertise in the water  waste and local energy sectors to speed up the identification of innovative companies in the process of industrialisation  which in the future will ensure the development and deployment of concrete and affordable solutions to depollute  decarbonise and regenerate natural resources.This commitment is in line with Veolia's innovation priorities and the Group's strategic plan  GreenUp  which aims to invest €200 million in industrial demonstrators and the acquisition of new technologies.This investment in the Axeleo GreenTech Industry impact fund underlines Veolia's support for industrial startups to accelerate the ecological transformation in Europe. Fully aligned with our GreenUp strategic programme and the Group's innovation priorities  this investment alongside recognised players  Bpifrance and CrÃ©dit Mutuel  marks our collective desire to accelerate the implementation of innovative solutions to depollute  decarbonise and regenerate resources throughout Europe  said Estelle Brachlianoff  CEO of Veolia.""We are delighted with Veolia's decisive support  which represents a major step forward - both in financial terms and in terms of sharing expertise - for this Axeleo GreenTech Industry I fund  and for the financing of Europe's first factory for green transition industrial startups. This decision reinforces our collective ambition  with the first industrial venture fund in France  to contribute to the emergence of the green industrial sectors of tomorrow said Guillaume Sarlat  Venture Partner of Axeleo capital.– – –ABOUT VEOLIAVeolia's ambition is to become the benchmark company for ecological transformation. With nearly 218 000 employees on five continents  the Group designs and deploys useful  practical solutions for managing water  waste and energy that help to radically change the world. Through its three complementary activities  Veolia contributes to developing access to resources  preserving available resources and renewing them. In 2023  the Veolia group served 113 million people with drinking water and 103 million with wastewater services  produced 42 terawatt-hours of energy and recovered 63 million metric tons of waste. Veolia Environnement (OTC: ) (Paris Euronext (EPA: ): VIE) generated consolidated sales of €45.3 billion in 2023. www.veolia.comABOUT AXELEO CAPITALAxeleo Capital (AXC) is an Emerging independent early-stage VC  trusted and backed by seasoned entrepreneurs and industry experts across Europe  focusing on B2B software and Greentech startups. With €285 million in assets under management (AuM)  4 successful fund raises so far and 13 employees  the firm has made over 70 investments across the EU  and has achieved 18 successful exits within the past 24 months. AXC provides a unique framework for European early stage startups. It offers a comprehensive range of support  including equity investments from seed to Series B stages  operational guidance and strategic assistance. The firm boasts an active ecosystem of more than 150 high-level partners  sector experts and mentors who have been instrumental in numerous success stories across Europe and the US.View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20241106042964/en/VEOLIAPRESS RELATIONS VEOLIALaurent Obadia - Evgeniya MazalovaAnna Beaubatie - AurÃ©lien SarrosquyTÃ©l.+ 33 (0) 1 85 57 86 25presse.groupe@veolia.comINVESTORS RELATIONSSelma Bekhechi - Ariane de LamazeTel. +33 (0) 1 85 57 84 76investor-relations@veolia.comSource: Veolia",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.48,0.25,0.27,True,English,"['Industrial Startups', 'Ecological Transformation', 'Veolia', 'Development', 'Europe', 'Investing', 'Smart City World Expo Congress', 'CrÃ©dit Mutuel Alliance FÃ', 'Axeleo GreenTech Industry impact fund', 'Axeleo GreenTech Industry I fund', 'Emerging independent early-stage VC', 'AurÃ©lien Sarrosquy TÃ', 'European early stage startups', 'green transition industrial startups', 'first industrial venture fund', 'GTI I) fund', 'three complementary activities', 'Series B stages', 'numerous success stories', 'Ariane de Lamaze', 'green industrial sectors', 'new renewable energies', 'useful, practical solutions', '63 million metric tons', 'GreenUp strategic programme', 'local energy sectors', 'Greentech startups', 'PRESS RELATIONS VEOLIA', '4 successful fund', 'industry experts', 'Axeleo capital', 'Venture Partner', 'strategic sectors', 'industrial demonstrators', 'first factory', 'new technologies', 'affordable solutions', 'innovative solutions', '113 million people', 'strategic plan', 'strategic assistance', 'industrial expertise', 'BUSINESS WIRE', 'Regulatory News', 'ecological transformation', '1st closing', 'twenty companies', 'innovative technologies', 'plastics recycling', 'sea transport', 'financial participation', 'innovative companies', 'innovation priorities', 'recognised players', 'collective desire', 'Estelle Brachlianoff', 'major step', 'Guillaume Sarlat', 'benchmark company', 'five continents', 'wastewater services', 'consolidated sales', 'seasoned entrepreneurs', 'B2B software', '18 successful exits', 'past 24 months', 'unique framework', 'comprehensive range', 'operational guidance', 'active ecosystem', '150 high-level partners', 'sector experts', 'Laurent Obadia', 'Evgeniya Mazalova', 'Anna Beaubatie', 'INVESTORS RELATIONS', 'Selma Bekhechi', '€30 million commitment', 'decisive support', 'natural resources', 'financial terms', 'collective ambition', 'available resources', 'drinking water', 'equity investments', 'source version', 'Paris Euronext', 'Veolia Environnement', 'Veolia group', '70 investments', 'occasion', 'Barcelona', 'VIE', 'forces', 'Bpifrance', 'rale', 'storage', 'chemicals', 'materials', 'agriculture', 'food', 'mobility', 'decarbonisation', 'air', 'addition', 'identification', 'process', 'industrialisation', 'future', 'development', 'deployment', 'concrete', 'line', 'acquisition', 'implementation', 'CEO', 'financing', 'decision', 'emergence', 'tomorrow', '218,000 employees', 'access', '42 terawatt-hours', 'OTC', 'EPA', 'AXC', 'assets', 'management', '13 employees', 'firm', 'seed', 'mentors', 'businesswire', 'presse', 'groupe', 'Tel.', '85']",2024-11-06,2024-11-07,investing.com
46865,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/11/06/2975887/0/en/D%C3%A9kuple-and-GUD-berlin-announce-their-partnership-a-new-step-to-build-a-European-Champion-and-creative-expertise-in-Germany-and-the-DACH-region.html,Dékuple and GUD.berlin announce their partnership  a new step to build a European Champion and creative expertise in Germany and the DACH region,Dékuple and GUD.berlin announce their partnership  a new step to build a European Champion and creative expertise in Germany and the DACH regionParis  2024/11/06. The renowned German campaign agency GUD.berlin joins the Dékuple Group   leader in data marketin…,"Dékuple and GUD.berlin announce their partnership  a new step to build a European Champion and creative expertise in Germany and the DACH regionParis  2024/11/06. The renowned German campaign agency GUD.berlin joins the Dékuple Group  leader in data marketing and communication. The strategic partnership is part of an external growth strategy under a multi-entrepreneur model to strengthen the Dékuple Group's presence in Europe and expand its expertise portfolio in the field of campaigns and engagement marketing. The aim of Dékuple is to better serve Dékuple's key accounts and medium-sized companies across Europe.GUD.berlin – top 22 in the current creative ranking of all agencies in Germany 2024 – was founded in 2009. The managing partners are Annelie Deutscher  Christian Artopé and Jens Grüner. The agency and its employees have set out to ""change worlds with communication"". In addition to providing clients with outstanding strategic advice  the focus is on the exceptional creation of campaigns. As a result  the agency has not only won numerous clients with its 360° campaigns  but has also won major awards such as the ADC and Effie. Current clients include: Deutsche Bahn (DB)  Kleinanzeigen  Sky WOW  Berliner Verkehrsbetriebe (BVG) #weilwirdichlieben  3Sat and HDF (""Kino fühlst du"").This partnership reinforces Dékuple Group's ambition to continue its growth both organically and through targeted acquisitions in Europe  with the aim of diversifying its activities and expanding its offering to better serve its key accounts internationally. The Group also aims to exploit synergies and complementary skills  focusing on a multi-entrepreneur model. This means that each entity retains its strategic and operational autonomy  allowing GUD.berlin to pursue its own objectives while benefiting from the commercial opportunities and skills offered by the Dékuple Group ecosystem.Thanks to this acquisition  Dékuple Group will be able to expand its offering  while GUD.berlin will continue to excel in its core areas  including campaigns  branding  content marketing or engagement marketing.""We already have an international presence in the US  China  Portugal and Spain and our aim is to further develop the group in Europe and strengthen our data marketing and communications expertise in several European markets to meet the transnational needs of our International clients. We are therefore delighted to welcome GUD.berlin and its 65 employees to the Dékuple Group's ecosystem of creative and marketing agencies. This move will help GUD.berlin to further develop its offer in Europe and to offer new data-driven performance levers to its clients. On the other hand  it will allow Dékuple to expand its service offering for its key accounts and respond to transnational calls for tenders.” explains Bertrand Laurioz  Chairman and CEO of the Dékuple Group.""This strategic partnership is very logical from both an economic and a content perspective  particularly in terms of the European idea. We are strengthening our portfolio in the areas of data and AI  and we can also expand our international business - particularly in Europe - with existing major customers of Dékuple. With Dékuple's multi-entrepreneurial vision  we retain our autonomy while benefiting from the Group's resources. As a result  we can continue to develop as a creative campaign agency in complete independence  create strong commercial synergies in the field of campaigns and offer our clients the digital and data-related solutions of the Dékuple Group as additional services. Conversely  Dékuple can build bridges for our clients who want to communicate in Europe."" says Jens Grüner  one of the managing directors of GUD.berlin.This strategic alliance represents an important step forward for both companies as they aim to conquer new markets and expand their offering while creating value for their customers across Europe.About DÉKUPLEDÉKUPLE is a European leader in communications and data marketing. Thanks to its expertise combining consulting  creativity  data and technology  the company can help brands transform their marketing to boost their business performance. The Group designs and implements customer acquisition  retention and relationship management solutions for its partners and customers across all distribution channels. The group works with more than 500 brands  from large corporations to SMEs  in Europe and around the world. DÉKUPLE was founded in 1972 and recorded net sales of 200 million euros in 2023. The Group is present in Europe  North America and China and employs more than 1 000 people who are guided by its core values: A spirit of conquest  respect and collaboration. DÉKUPLE is listed on the regulated market Euronext Paris - Compartment C. ISIN: FR0000062978 – DKUPwww.dekuple.comAttachment",neutral,0.31,0.69,0.0,positive,0.98,0.02,0.0,True,English,"['Dékuple', 'GUD.berlin', 'new step', 'European Champion', 'creative expertise', 'DACH region', 'partnership', 'Germany', 'regulated market Euronext Paris', 'renowned German campaign agency', 'new data-driven performance levers', 'Dékuple Group ecosystem', 'Jens Grüner', 'Compartment C. ISIN', 'relationship management solutions', 'external growth strategy', 'outstanding strategic advice', 'creative campaign agency', 'customer acquisition, retention', 'current creative ranking', 'several European markets', 'strong commercial synergies', 'existing major customers', 'new markets', 'business performance', 'new step', 'major awards', 'commercial opportunities', 'data-related solutions', 'The Group', 'European Champion', 'European idea', 'GUD.berlin', 'DACH region', 'multi-entrepreneur model', 'key accounts', 'Annelie Deutscher', 'Christian Artopé', 'exceptional creation', 'Deutsche Bahn', 'Sky WOW', 'Berliner Verkehrsbetriebe', 'targeted acquisitions', 'transnational needs', 'other hand', 'transnational calls', 'Bertrand Laurioz', 'content perspective', 'international business', 'multi-entrepreneurial vision', 'complete independence', 'additional services', 'managing directors', 'strategic alliance', 'important step', 'distribution channels', 'large corporations', 'net sales', 'North America', 'core values', 'Current clients', 'engagement marketing', 'content marketing', 'creative expertise', 'European leader', 'strategic partnership', 'medium-sized companies', 'managing partners', 'complementary skills', 'operational autonomy', 'core areas', 'international presence', 'data marketing', 'numerous clients', 'International clients', 'marketing agencies', 'service offering', 'communications expertise', 'Germany', 'portfolio', 'field', 'campaigns', 'aim', 'employees', 'worlds', 'focus', 'result', 'ADC', 'Effie', 'DB', 'Kleinanzeigen', 'BVG', '3Sat', 'HDF', 'ambition', 'activities', 'entity', 'objectives', 'branding', 'China', 'Portugal', 'Spain', 'move', 'tenders', 'Chairman', 'CEO', 'economic', 'terms', 'resources', 'digital', 'bridges', 'consulting', 'creativity', 'technology', 'company', 'brands', 'SMEs', 'euros', '1,000 people', 'spirit', 'conquest', 'respect', 'collaboration', 'DKUP', 'dekuple', 'Attachment', '200']",2024-11-06,2024-11-07,globenewswire.com
46866,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/11/06/2975387/0/en/CREDIT-AGRICOLE-SA-Cr%C3%A9dit-Agricole-Immobilier-announces-the-closing-of-the-acquisition-of-Nexity-Property-Management-and-becomes-the-leader-of-Property-Management-in-France.html,CREDIT AGRICOLE SA : Crédit Agricole Immobilier announces the closing of the acquisition of Nexity Property Management and becomes the leader of Property Management in France,Press release    Montrouge  6 November 2024      Crédit Agricole Immobilier announces the closing of the acquisitionof Nexity Property Managementand......,Press releaseMontrouge  6 November 2024Crédit Agricole Immobilier announces the closing of the acquisitionof Nexity Property Managementand becomes the leader of Property Management in FranceCrédit Agricole Immobilier is pleased to announce that it has completed the acquisition of Nexity Property Management  a Nexity subsidiary specialised in commercial and residential asset management. With this transaction  announced on 25 July 2024  Crédit Agricole Immobilier becomes the leader in institutional property management  in France 1.The acquisition of Nexity Property Management brings additional expertise to Crédit Agricole Immobilier  ranging from advisory services to accounting and technical rental management  supervision of works  shopping malls management etc.In addition  Nexity Property Management’s powerful network of over 30 branches and offices across France  comes as an addition to strengthens Crédit Agricole Immobilier’s own presence. It supports Crédit Agricole Immobilier in addressing the needs of its institutional customers  including the customers of the Regional Banks and subsidiaries of the Crédit Agricole Group. This increased local footprint  will allow CAI to bring their expertise to clients’ investment projects  in line with the Universal Customer-focused Banking Model approach.This new transaction  taking place 18 months after the acquisition of Sudeco  a long-standing Property Management player and commercial property specialist  has established Crédit Agricole Immobilier as the market leader with the most comprehensive range of services for institutional customers across all asset categories  from residential to commercial.Overall  Crédit Agricole Immobilier now manages more than 11 000 assets.For Nexity  this transaction is fully aligned with the group’s roadmap  specifically with the refocusing strategy launched in 2023.This transaction has no significant impact on Crédit Agricole S.A.’s CET1 ratio and should generate a return on investment that is in line with Crédit Agricole’s policy.“We are so delighted and proud to welcome the Nexity Property Management teams to Crédit Agricole Immobilier. This acquisition represents a decisive step forward in our strategy of becoming the leader of property management in France. We are deepening our expertise in all areas of property management and strengthening our presence across France. By joining forces  we are ready to take on new challenges. This is the perfect expression of our 2025 strategic plan  as well as the mid-term plan of Crédit Agricole Group: it will allow us to support our clients more extensively on strategic social and environmental issues  such as reducing the carbon footprint of their property assets.”Valérie Wanquet  Chief Executive Ofﬁcer of Crédit Agricole Immobilier“I am delighted that we have completed this transaction with the Crédit Agricole Group  a long-term strategic partner of the Nexity group  which is fully in line with our efforts to refocus our activities  which we began at the end of 2023. I would like to thank all Nexity Property Management teams and I wish them every success with their new shareholder. We are certain that Crédit Agricole Immobilier will be able to maintain the quality of its services and enhance its market share.”Jean-Claude Bassien  Deputy Chief Executive Officer of NexityABOUT CRÉDIT AGRICOLE IMMOBILIERA subsidiary of the Crédit Agricole Group  Crédit Agricole Immobilier supports its individual  corporate and public authority customers with real estate projects throughout France while upholding three fundamental principles: sustainability and performance of buildings  respect for the environment and decarbonisation  and social cohesion and inclusion.As a partner in the most ambitious property development projects  we work with our customers to create value throughout their projects: transaction  letting  rental management  co-ownership associations  property strategy  residential and commercial development  refurbishment  renovation  development of spaces  property management and operation.To find out more  visit: www.ca-immobilier.fr/nous-connaitreCRÉDIT AGRICOLE IMMOBILIER PRESS CONTACTVanessa Feugères – +33 (0)7 86 84 19 15 – vanessa.feugeres@ca-immobilier.frNEXITY  LIFE TOGETHERWith revenues of €4.3 billion in 2023  Nexity  the leading global real estate operator  is present all over France and operates in all areas of development and services. Our strategy as leading global real estate operator allows us to meet all our clients’ needs  whether they are individuals  corporates  institutions or authorities. Our raison d’être ‘life together’ reflects our commitment to create sustainable spaces  neighbourhoods and towns for them  that help them to build and rebuild connections. For the sixth consecutive year  Nexity was ranked the top contracting authority by Association pour le développement du Bâtiment Bas Carbone (BBCA – a French low-carbon building association)  is a member of the Bloomberg Gender Equality Index  Best Workplaces 2021 and was certified a Great Place to Work® in September 2022.Nexity is listed on Service de Règlement Différé (SRD – Deferred Settlement Service)  in Compartment A of Euronext and on the SBF 120.NEXITY PRESS CONTACTSCyril Rizk – Media Relations Manager / +33(0)6 73 49 72 61 – presse@nexity.frEmma Durel – Media Relations Officer / +33 (0)6 99 14 09 28 – presse@nexity.frAnne-Sophie Lanaute – Head of Investor Relations and Financial Communications / +33 (0)6 58 17 24 22 - investorrelations@nexity.fr1 In terms of revenues  source: Xerfi.Attachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.83,0.17,0.0,True,English,"['Crédit Agricole Immobilier', 'CREDIT AGRICOLE SA', 'Nexity Property Management', 'closing', 'acquisition', 'leader', 'France', 'CRÉDIT AGRICOLE IMMOBILIER PRESS CONTACT', 'Universal Customer-focused Banking Model approach', 'leading global real estate operator', 'Crédit Agricole S.A.', 'Chief Executive Ofﬁcer', 'Deputy Chief Executive Officer', 'Bâtiment Bas Carbone', 'Bloomberg Gender Equality Index', 'Crédit Agricole Group', 'French low-carbon building association', 'standing Property Management player', 'Nexity Property Management teams', 'ambitious property development projects', 'real estate projects', 'Valérie Wanquet', 'three fundamental principles', 'sixth consecutive year', 'top contracting authority', 'shopping malls management', 'technical rental management', 'Vanessa Feugères', 'institutional property management', 'commercial property specialist', 'public authority customers', 'long-term strategic partner', 'residential asset management', 'clients’ investment projects', 'Press release', 'Nexity group', 'asset categories', 'property assets', 'property strategy', '2025 strategic plan', 'strategic social', 'powerful network', 'Regional Banks', 'local footprint', 'comprehensive range', 'significant impact', 'CET1 ratio', 'decisive step', 'new challenges', 'perfect expression', 'mid-term plan', 'environmental issues', 'carbon footprint', 'new shareholder', 'market share', 'Jean-Claude Bassien', 'individual, corporate', 'social cohesion', 'ownership associations', 'développement', 'Best Workplaces', 'commercial development', 'Nexity subsidiary', 'institutional customers', 'refocusing strategy', 'clients’ needs', 'sustainable spaces', 'additional expertise', 'advisory services', 'market leader', 'new transaction', '11,000 assets', 'Montrouge', 'November', 'closing', 'acquisition', 'France', '25 July', 'accounting', 'supervision', 'works', '30 branches', 'offices', 'presence', 'subsidiaries', 'CAI', 'line', 'Sudeco', 'roadmap', 'return', 'policy', 'areas', 'forces', 'efforts', 'activities', 'success', 'sustainability', 'performance', 'buildings', 'respect', 'decarbonisation', 'inclusion', 'value', 'letting', 'refurbishment', 'renovation', 'operation', 'feugeres', 'LIFE', 'revenues', 'individuals', 'corporates', 'institutions', 'authorities', 'raison', 'commitment', 'neighbourhoods', 'towns', 'connections', 'BBCA', 'member', 'Great', '7']",2024-11-06,2024-11-07,globenewswire.com
46867,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/11/06/2976126/0/en/DBV-Technologies-Reports-Third-Quarter-2024-Financial-Results.html,DBV Technologies Reports Third Quarter 2024 Financial Results,Châtillon  France  November 6  2024    DBV Technologies Reports Third Quarter 2024 Financial Results      DBV closes Q3 2024 with a cash balance of...,Châtillon  France  November 6  2024DBV Technologies Reports Third Quarter 2024 Financial ResultsDBV closes Q3 2024 with a cash balance of $46.4 million; cash runway into Q1 2025DBV Technologies (Euronext: DBV – ISIN: FR0010417345 – Nasdaq Stock Market: DBVT – CUSIP: 23306J200)  a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company  today reported financial results for the third quarter of 2024. The quarterly and nine months financial statements were approved by the Board of Directors on November 6  2024.Financial Highlights for the third quarter Ended September 30  2024The Company’s interim condensed consolidated financial statements for the nine months ended September 30  2024  are prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States (“U.S. GAAP”).Cash and Cash EquivalentsCash and cash equivalents amounted to $46.4 million as of September 30  2024  compared to $141.4 million as of December 31  2023  a net decrease of $95.0 million. This decrease includes $92.2 million in operating activities  mainly in external clinical trial related expenses  notably progress on patient enrollment in VITESSE Phase 3 clinical trial  as well as Regulatory and Manufacturing activities to support ongoing clinical trials.The Company has incurred operating losses and negative cash flows from operations since inception. As of the date of the filling  DBV’s available cash and cash equivalents will not be sufficient to support our operating plan for at least the next 12 months. As such  there is substantial doubt regarding its ability to continue as a going concern.Based on its current operations  plans and assumptions  the Company expects that its balance of cash and cash equivalents will be sufficient to fund its operations into Q1 2025.The Company intends to seek additional capital as it continues research and development efforts and prepares for the launch of Viaskin Peanut  if approved.The Company cannot guarantee that it will be able to obtain the necessary financing to meet its needs or to obtain funds at attractive terms and conditions  including as a result of disruptions or fluctuations of the global financial markets due to various factors outside the Company's control. A severe or prolonged economic downturn could result in a variety of risks to the Company  including reduced ability to raise additional capital when needed or on acceptable terms  if at all.If the Company is not successful in its financing objectives  the Company could have to scale back its operations  notably by delaying or reducing the scope of its research and development efforts or obtain financing through arrangements with collaborators or others that may require the Company to relinquish rights to its product candidates that the Company might otherwise seek to develop or commercialize independently.In millions of USD(unaudited)U.S. GAAP nine months ended September 30  2024 2023 Net cash & cash equivalents at the beginning of the period 141.4 209.2 Net cash flow used in operating activities (92.2) (66.0) Net cash flow provided by / (used in) investing activities (1.5) (0.6) Net cash flow provided by / (used in) financing activities (0.1) 7.0 Effect of exchange rate changes on cash & cash equivalents (1.1) (0.4) Net cash & cash equivalents at the end of the period 46.4 149.1This interim condensed financial information does not include any adjustments to the carrying amounts and classification of assets  liabilities  and reported expenses that may be necessary if the Company was unable to continue as a going concern.Operating IncomeUntil the end of 2023  our operating income was composed of both the French Research Tax Credit scheme (Crédit d’Impôt Recherche  or “CIR”) and the revenue recognized under the Collaboration Agreement with NESTEC. Following the termination of the Collaboration Agreement on October 30  2023  our operating income is now exclusively generated by the French Research Tax Credit.Operating income amounted to $3.6 million for the 9 months ended September 30  2024  compared with $6.9 million for the same period in 2023. This decrease by $3.2 million is composed of (1) $1.9 million following the termination of the Collaboration Agreement with NESTEC  and (2) a lower Research Tax Credit entitlement as a greater proportion of studies activities are carried out in North America by $1.3 millionIn millions of USD(unaudited)U.S. GAAP U.S. GAAP nine months ended September 30  three months ended September 30  2024 2023 2024 2023 Research tax credits 3.6 5.0 1.1 1.2 Other operating income — 1.9 — 1.1 Operating income 3.6 6.9 1.1 2.4Operating ExpensesOperating expenses amounted to $96.4 million for the nine months ended September 30  2024  compared with $71.4 million for the nine months ended September 30  2023  an increase by $25.0 million. This increase is primarily driven by Research & Development for $23.0 million resulting from (1) patient enrollment in VITESSE Phase 3 clinical trial  (2) preparatory activities for the COMFORT studies in anticipation of initiation after FDA alignment  (3) Regulatory and Manufacturing activities to support ongoing clinical trials.General and Administrative expenses increased by $1.4 million during the nine months ended September 30  2024  compared to the nine months ended September 30  2023  mainly due to one-time costs associated with (1) office moves in France and the U.S.  (2) financing activities and (3) trademark and patent activities.In millions of USD(unaudited)U.S. GAAP U.S. GAAP nine months ended September 30  three months ended September 30  2024 2023 2024 2023 Research & Development (70.4) (47.4) (23.7) (13.8) Sales & Marketing (2.3) (1.6) (0.5) (0.7) General & Administrative (23.7) (22.3) (7.2) (6.2) Operating expenses (96.4) (71.4) (31.4) (20.6)Net Loss and Net Loss Per ShareThe Company recorded a net loss for the nine months ended September 30  2024  of $90.9 million  compared to a net loss of $61.5 million for the nine months ended September 30  2023.On a per share basis  net loss (based on the weighted average number of shares outstanding over the period) was $(0.95) for the nine months ended September 30  2024.U.S. GAAP U.S. GAAP nine months ended September 30  three months ended September 30  2024 2023 2024 2023 Net income / (loss) (in millions of USD) (90.9) (61.5) (30.4) (16.7) Basic / diluted net income / (loss) per share (USD/share) (0.95) (0.65) (0.32) (0.17)CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF FINANCIAL POSITION(unaudited)In millions of USDU.S. GAAP September 30  2024 December 31  2023 Assets 93.1 183.0 of which cash & cash equivalents 46.4 141.4 Liabilities 39.0 42.8 Shareholders’ equity 54.0 140.2CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS(unaudited)In millions of USDU.S. GAAP U.S. GAAP nine months ended September 30  three months ended September 30  2024 2023 2024 2023 Operating income 3.6 6.9 1.1 2.4 Research & Development (70.4) (47.4) (23.7) (13.8) Sales & Marketing (2.3) (1.6) (0.5) (0.7) General & Administrative (23.7) (22.3) (7.2) (6.2) Operating expenses (96.4) (71.4) (31.4) (20.6) Financial income/(expenses) 1.9 3.0 (0.1) 1.5 Income tax — — — — Net loss (90.9) (61.5) (30.4) (16.7) Basic/diluted net loss per share attributable to shareholders (0.95) (0.65) (0.32) (0.17)CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (unaudited)In millions of USDU.S. GAAP nine months ended September 30  2024 2023 Net cash flows provided / (used) in operating activities (92.2) (66.0) Net cash flows provided / (used) in investing activities (1.5) (0.6) Net cash flows provided / (used) in financing activities (0.1) 7.0 Effect of exchange rate changes on cash & cash equivalents (U.S. GAAP presentation) (1.1) (0.4) Net increase / (decrease) in cash & cash equivalents (94.9) (60.1) Net cash & cash equivalents at the beginning of the period 141.4 209.2 Net cash & cash equivalents at the end of the period 46.4 149.1About DBV TechnologiesDBV Technologies is a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company developing treatment options for food allergies and other immunologic conditions with significant unmet medical need. DBV is currently focused on investigating the use of its proprietary technology platform  Viaskin  to address food allergies  which are caused by a hypersensitive immune reaction and characterized by a range of symptoms varying in severity from mild to life-threatening anaphylaxis. Millions of people live with food allergies  including young children. Through epicutaneous immunotherapy (EPIT™)  the Viaskin platform is designed to introduce microgram amounts of a biologically active compound to the immune system through intact skin. EPIT is a new class of non-invasive treatment that seeks to modify an individual’s underlying allergy by re-educating the immune system to become desensitized to allergen by leveraging the skin’s immune tolerizing properties. DBV is committed to transforming the care of food allergic people. The Company’s food allergy programs include ongoing clinical trials of Viaskin Peanut in peanut allergic toddlers (1 through 3 years of age) and children (4 through 7 years of age).DBV Technologies is headquartered in Châtillon  France  with North American operations in Warren  NJ. The Company’s ordinary shares are traded on segment B of Euronext Paris (Ticker: DBV  ISIN code: FR0010417345) and the Company’s ADSs (each representing one ordinary share) are traded on the Nasdaq Capital Select Market (Ticker: DBVT – CUSIP: 23306J200).For more information  please visit www.dbv-technologies.com and engage with us on X (formerly Twitter) and LinkedIn .Forward Looking StatementsThis press release may contain forward-looking statements and estimates  including statements regarding DBV’s financial condition  forecast of its cash runway  the therapeutic potential of Viaskin® Peanut patch and EPIT™  designs of DBV’s anticipated clinical trials  DBV’s planned regulatory and clinical efforts including timing and results of communications with regulatory agencies  the ability of any of DBV’s product candidates  if approved  to improve the lives of patients with food allergies. These forward-looking statements and estimates are not promises or guarantees and involve substantial risks and uncertainties. At this stage  DBV’s product candidates have not been authorized for sale in any country. Among the factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those described or projected herein include uncertainties associated generally with research and development  clinical trials and related regulatory reviews and approvals  and DBV’s ability to successfully execute on its budget discipline measures. A further list and description of risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those set forth in the forward-looking statements in this press release can be found in DBV’s regulatory filings with the French Autorité des Marchés Financiers (“AMF”)  DBV’s filings and reports with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”)  including in DBV’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31  2023  filed with the SEC on March 7  2024  and future filings and reports made with the AMF and SEC by DBV. Existing and prospective investors are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements and estimates  which speak only as of the date hereof. Other than as required by applicable law  DBV Technologies undertakes no obligation to update or revise the information contained in this Press Release.Viaskin is a registered trademark and EPIT is a trademark of DBV Technologies.Investor ContactKatie MatthewsDBV Technologieskatie.matthews@dbv-technologies.comMedia ContactAngela MarcucciDBV Technologiesangela.marcucci@dbv-technologies.comAttachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.12,0.88,True,English,"['Third Quarter 2024 Financial Results', 'DBV Technologies', 'interim condensed consolidated financial statements', 'lower Research Tax Credit entitlement', 'French Research Tax Credit scheme', 'external clinical trial related expenses', 'interim condensed financial information', 'VITESSE Phase 3 clinical trial', 'nine months financial statements', 'Third Quarter 2024 Financial Results', 'Research tax credits', 'ongoing clinical trials', 'global financial markets', 'Nasdaq Stock Market', 'U.S. GAAP', 'prolonged economic downturn', 'exchange rate changes', 'Impôt Recherche', 'negative cash flows', 'Net cash flow', 'clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company', 'Other operating income', 'Financial Highlights', 'Operating Expenses', 'operating activities', 'operating losses', 'operating plan', 'Châtillon', 'cash runway', 'accounting principles', 'United States', 'Cash Equivalents', 'patient enrollment', 'Manufacturing activities', 'available cash', 'next 12 months', 'substantial doubt', 'going concern', 'additional capital', 'Viaskin Peanut', 'attractive terms', 'various factors', 'acceptable terms', 'product candidates', 'investing activities', 'carrying amounts', 'Crédit', 'Collaboration Agreement', 'greater proportion', 'studies activities', 'North America', 'COMFORT studies', 'net decrease', 'necessary financing', 'financing objectives', 'financing activities', 'development efforts', 'cash balance', 'DBV Technologies', 'same period', 'current operations', 'The Company', '9 months', 'France', 'November', 'Q1', 'Euronext', 'ISIN', 'DBVT', 'CUSIP', 'quarterly', 'Board', 'Directors', 'accordance', 'September', 'December', 'Regulatory', 'inception', 'filling', 'ability', 'plans', 'assumptions', 'launch', 'needs', 'funds', 'conditions', 'disruptions', 'fluctuations', 'control', 'severe', 'variety', 'risks', 'reduced', 'scope', 'arrangements', 'collaborators', 'others', 'rights', 'millions', 'USD', 'beginning', 'Effect', 'end', 'adjustments', 'classification', 'assets', 'liabilities', 'CIR', 'revenue', 'NESTEC', 'termination', 'October', 'increase', 'anticipation', 'initiation']",2024-11-06,2024-11-07,globenewswire.com
46868,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/11/06/2975959/0/en/Weekly-share-repurchase-program-transaction-details.html,Weekly share repurchase program transaction details,November 6  2024  SBM Offshore reports the transaction details related to its EUR130 million (c. US$140 million) share repurchase program for the...,"November 6  2024SBM Offshore reports the transaction details related to its EUR130 million (c. US$140 million) share repurchase program for the period October 31  2024 through November 6  2024.The repurchases were made under the EUR65 million share repurchase program announced on February 29  2024  effective from March 1  2024 and increased by EUR65 million as announced on August 8  2024. The objective of the program is to reduce share capital and  in addition  to provide shares for regular management and employee share programs. Information regarding the progress of the share repurchase program and the aggregate of the transactions (calculated on a daily basis) for the period March 1  2024 through November 6  2024 can be found in the top half of the table below. Further detailed information regarding both the progress of the share repurchase program and all individual transactions can be accessed via the Investors section of the Company’s website.Share Repurchase Program Overall progress Share Repurchase Program: Total Repurchase Amount EUR 130 000 000 Cumulative Repurchase Amount EUR 72 337 465 Cumulative Quantity Repurchased 4 746 993 Cumulative Average Repurchase Price EUR 15.24 Start Date March 1  2024 Percentage of program completed as of November 6  2024 55.64% Overview of details of last 5 trading days: Trade Date Quantity Repurchased Average Purchase Price Settlement Amount October 31  2024 32 371 EUR 16.73 EUR 541 496 November 1  2024 26 993 EUR 16.95 EUR 457 566 November 4  2024 27 819 EUR 16.97 EUR 472 216 November 5  2024 27 730 EUR 16.98 EUR 470 772 November 6  2024 25 089 EUR 17.24 EUR 432 591 Total 140 002 EUR 16.96 EUR 2 374 6421All shares purchased via Euronext Amsterdam  CBOE DXE and or TurquoiseThis press release contains information which is to be made publicly available under the Market Abuse Regulation (nr. 596/2014). The information concerns a regular update of the transactions conducted under SBM Offshore’s current share repurchase program  as announced by the Company on February 29  2024 and August 8  2024  details of which are available on its website.Corporate ProfileSBM Offshore designs  builds  installs and operates offshore floating facilities for the offshore energy industry. As a leading technology provider  we put our marine expertise at the service of a responsible energy transition by reducing emissions from fossil fuel production  while developing cleaner solutions for alternative energy sources.More than 7 400 SBMers worldwide are committed to sharing their experience to deliver safe  sustainable and affordable energy from the oceans for generations to come.For further information  please visit our website at www.sbmoffshore.com.Financial Calendar Date Year Third Quarter 2024 Trading Update November 14 2024 Full Year 2024 Earnings February 20 2025 Annual General Meeting April 9 2025 First Quarter 2025 Trading Update May 15 2025 Half Year 2025 Earnings August 7 2025For further information  please contact:Investor RelationsWouter HoltiesCorporate Finance & Investor Relations ManagerMobile: +31 (0) 2 02 36 32 36 E-mail: wouter.holties@sbmoffshore.com Website: www.sbmoffshore.comMedia RelationsEvelyn Tachau BrownGroup Communications & Change DirectorMobile: +377 (0) 6 40 62 30 34 E-mail: evelyn.tachau-brown@sbmoffshore.com Website: www.sbmoffshore.comMarket Abuse RegulationThis press release may contain inside information within the meaning of Article 7(1) of the EU Market Abuse Regulation.DisclaimerSome of the statements contained in this release that are not historical facts are statements of future expectations and other forward-looking statements based on management’s current views and assumptions and involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results  performance  or events to differ materially from those in such statements. These statements may be identified by words such as ‘expect’  ‘should’  ‘could’  ‘shall’ and similar expressions. Such forward-looking statements are subject to various risks and uncertainties. The principal risks which could affect the future operations of SBM Offshore N.V. are described in the ‘Impact  Risk and Opportunity Management’ section of the 2023 Annual Report.Should one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize  or should underlying assumptions prove incorrect  actual results and performance of the Company’s business may vary materially and adversely from the forward-looking statements described in this release. SBM Offshore does not intend and does not assume any obligation to update any industry information or forward-looking statements set forth in this release to reflect new information  subsequent events or otherwise.This release contains certain alternative performance measures (APMs) as defined by the ESMA guidelines which are not defined under IFRS. Further information on these APMs is included in the Half-Year Management Report accompanying the Half Year Earnings 2024 report  available on our website https://www.sbmoffshore.com/investors/financial-disclosures.Nothing in this release shall be deemed an offer to sell  or a solicitation of an offer to buy  any securities. The companies in which SBM Offshore N.V. directly and indirectly owns investments are separate legal entities. In this release “SBM Offshore” and “SBM” are sometimes used for convenience where references are made to SBM Offshore N.V. and its subsidiaries in general. These expressions are also used where no useful purpose is served by identifying the particular company or companies.""SBM Offshore®""  the SBM logomark  “Fast4Ward®”  “emissionZERO®” and “F4W®” are proprietary marks owned by SBM Offshore.Attachment",neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,negative,0.0,0.04,0.95,True,English,"['repurchase program transaction details', 'Weekly share', 'Evelyn Tachau Brown Group Communications', 'Average Purchase Price Settlement Amount', 'EUR65 million share repurchase program', 'Overall progress Share Repurchase Program', '993 Cumulative Average Repurchase Price', 'Financial Calendar Date Year', 'Trade Date Quantity Repurchased', 'EU Market Abuse Regulation', 'Investor Relations Manager Mobile', 'current share repurchase program', 'SBM Offshore N.V.', 'First Quarter 2025 Trading Update', 'Half Year Earnings 2024 report', 'Cumulative Repurchase Amount', 'Cumulative Quantity Repurchased', 'Total Repurchase Amount', 'employee share programs', 'last 5 trading days', 'leading technology provider', 'fossil fuel production', 'Full Year 2024 Earnings', 'responsible energy transition', 'alternative energy sources', 'offshore floating facilities', 'Annual General Meeting', 'Half-Year Management Report', 'offshore energy industry', 'Opportunity Management’ section', 'alternative performance measures', 'other forward-looking statements', 'Such forward-looking statements', '2023 Annual Report', 'share capital', 'Start Date', 'Third Quarter', 'current views', 'affordable energy', 'top half', 'regular update', 'Media Relations', 'regular management', 'daily basis', 'Investors section', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'CBOE DXE', 'Corporate Profile', 'marine expertise', 'cleaner solutions', 'safe, sustainable', 'Corporate Finance', 'Change Director', 'historical facts', 'future expectations', 'actual results', 'similar expressions', 'future operations', 'ESMA guidelines', 'industry information', 'unknown risks', 'various risks', 'principal risks', 'underlying assumptions', 'subsequent events', 'detailed information', 'new information', 'transaction details', 'individual transactions', 'press release', 'Wouter Holties', 'Further information', 'EUR130', 'period', 'October', 'November', 'repurchases', 'February', 'March', 'August', 'objective', 'addition', 'shares', 'aggregate', 'table', 'Company', 'website', '2024 Percentage', 'Turquoise', 'nr', 'service', 'emissions', 'More', '7,400 SBMers', 'experience', 'oceans', 'generations', 'sbmoffshore', 'April', 'mail', 'inside', 'meaning', 'Article', 'Disclaimer', 'uncertainties', 'words', 'business', 'obligation', 'APMs', 'IFRS', 'financial-discl', '31']",2024-11-06,2024-11-07,globenewswire.com
46869,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.nngroup.com/news/item/Journey-mgmt-pioneers/,Jumbo Supermarkets and PostNl Featured as Pioneers in Journey-Centric Design Operations,This report spotlights the innovative work done by two Netherlands-based organizations to upgrade customers' service experiences and deliver better business outcomes.,AnnouncementsWe are pleased to announce the publication of our latest research report  Architecting a Journey Management Practice: How Leading Organizations Transformed Design Operations to Maximize Business Value.This report spotlights the innovative work done by two Netherlands-based organizations to upgrade customers' service experiences and deliver better business outcomes.About The ReportOver the past few decades  companies have invested in product development to meet the demand for digital business solutions as the internet matured. However  the digital business landscape has changed radically since companies established their approach to digital product development. Digital channels built over time by siloed product teams have resulted in fragmented customer experiences full of inconsistencies and roadblocks for customers traversing these omnichannel ecosystems to complete tasks.To stay competitive in today’s digital landscape  organizations must rethink their approach to experience design. This involves designing digital interaction channels and proactively shaping the end-to-end customer journey across channels. However  making this shift can be daunting  and the path to get there hasn’t been clear.This report will help organizations approach this challenge with proven strategies and prescriptive steps toward journey-centric experience design. We interviewed more than 25 organizations to understand their approach to solving this problem. Our goal was to understand their strategies and solutions in general and highlight the innovative work done by leading organizations.From this initial exploratory research  we selected two organizations whose pioneering work stood out. This report details their case studies.PostNLPostNL is a mail  parcel  and ecommerce corporation with operations in the Netherlands  Germany  Italy  Belgium  and the United Kingdom. It provides universal delivery in the Netherlands and is publicly listed at Euronext Amsterdam.PostNL began a digital transformation effort to better serve its customers in today’s digital landscape. With the mission to serve customers better  PostNL’s leadership knew they would need to rethink how service experiences were designed and delivered across their digital ecosystem  which led them to establish a journey-centric design practice.Highlights from PostNl’s approach:Five guiding principles that drive their journey-centric-design initiativesDefining different types of design opportunities and striking a balance between quick win optimizations and innovative design improvementsA focus on performance measurement through benchmarking and goal setting for each journey team’s target metricsA journey team support function focused on governance  resourcing  budgeting  goal monitoring  and quarterly performance reportsJumbo SupermarketsJumbo is the second-largest supermarket chain in the Netherlands. It is part of the privately owned Koninklijke Jumbo Food Group. Jumbo currently has 730 stores in the Netherlands and Belgium.The organization wanted to be more thoughtful about customer journeys across its entire channel ecosystem. Doing so meant applying user-centered research and design to these journey experiences  whereas  in the past  it had focused its user-centered design primarily on product development. Jumbo adjusted its design operations to facilitate journey-centric design. This move helped the organization prioritize decisions based on a more unified vision for the customer experience  driven by Jumbo’s business objectives.Highlights from Jumbo’s approach:A focus on facilitating crossfunctional collaboration without introducing significant operational changeA prioritization framework designed to identify the most impactful problems to solveAn iterative path toward a mature practice  beginning with a small strategic journey-centric pilot project that was optimized and scaled to additional journey teamsA journey management playbook to codify their practice and help business teams become familiar with the vision and processAbout NN/gFor over 25 years  our mission has been to provide evidence-based UX insights and reliable guidance  empowering design and research professionals and organizations worldwide to create better designs  streamline processes  and achieve their goals.,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.32,0.26,0.42,True,English,"['Journey-Centric Design Operations', 'Jumbo Supermarkets', 'PostNl', 'Pioneers', 'small strategic journey-centric pilot project', 'journey team support function', 'Koninklijke Jumbo Food Group', 'Five guiding principles', 'quick win optimizations', 'second-largest supermarket chain', 'significant operational change', 'evidence-based UX insights', 'journey management playbook', 'digital transformation effort', 'additional journey teams', 'initial exploratory research', 'quarterly performance reports', 'entire channel ecosystem', 'end customer journey', 'siloed product teams', 'Journey Management Practice', 'journey-centric experience design', 'fragmented customer experiences', 'journey-centric design practice', 'digital interaction channels', 'innovative design improvements', 'digital product development', 'digital business landscape', 'two Netherlands-based organizations', 'latest research report', 'digital business solutions', 'journey experiences', 'digital ecosystem', 'business teams', 'digital landscape', 'Digital channels', 'performance measurement', 'customer journeys', 'user-centered research', 'research professionals', 'Business Value', 'innovative work', 'business outcomes', 'business objectives', 'service experiences', 'mature practice', 'two organizations', 'design opportunities', 'user-centered design', 'empowering design', 'omnichannel ecosystems', 'prescriptive steps', 'pioneering work', 'case studies', 'ecommerce corporation', 'United Kingdom', 'universal delivery', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'journey-centric-design initiatives', 'different types', 'target metrics', 'crossfunctional collaboration', 'prioritization framework', 'impactful problems', 'reliable guidance', 'Design Operations', 'goal setting', 'goal monitoring', 'Leading Organizations', 'The Report', 'Jumbo Supermarkets', 'proven strategies', 'unified vision', 'iterative path', '25 organizations', 'Announcements', 'publication', 'customers', 'past', 'decades', 'companies', 'demand', 'internet', 'approach', 'time', 'inconsistencies', 'roadblocks', 'tasks', 'today', 'shift', 'challenge', 'PostNL', 'parcel', 'Germany', 'Italy', 'Belgium', 'mission', 'leadership', 'Highlights', 'balance', 'focus', 'benchmarking', 'governance', 'resourcing', 'budgeting', 'part', '730 stores', 'move', 'decisions', 'process', 'NN/g', '25 years', 'designs', 'goals']",2024-11-06,2024-11-07,nngroup.com
46870,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.manilatimes.net/2024/11/08/tmt-newswire/globenewswire/genfit-reports-third-quarter-2024-financial-information/2000235,GENFIT Reports Third Quarter 2024 Financial Information,Lille (France)  Cambridge (Massachusetts  United States)  Zurich (Switzerland); November 7  2024 - GENFIT (Nasdaq and Euronext: GNFT)  a late-stage biopharmaceutical company dedicated to improving the lives of patients with rare and life-threatening liver ...,"Cash and cash equivalents totaled €96.0 million as of September 30  2024€59.7 million in revenues for the nine months ended September 30  2024  including the €48.7 million milestone invoiced in June 2024 (received in August 2024) upon first sale of Ipsen's Iqirvo® (elafibranor) in the U.S. for the treatment of Primary Biliary Cholangitis (PBC)  a late-stage biopharmaceutical company dedicated to improving the lives of patients with rare and life-threatening liver diseases  today announced its cash position as of September 30  2024 and revenue for the first nine months of 2024Cash PositionAs of September 30  2024  the Company's cash and cash equivalents amounted to €96.0 million compared with €61.6 million as of June 30  2024 and €77.8 million as of December 31  2023.We expect that our existing cash and cash equivalents will enable us to fund our operating expenses and capital expenditure requirements until at least the start of the fourth quarter of 2025. This is based on current assumptions and programs and does not include exceptional events.In the first nine months of 2024  cash utilization is mainly the result of our research and development efforts in our ACLF franchise (notably VS-01  NTZ  SRT-015  CLM-022  and VS-02 HE)  as well as GNS561 in cholangiocarcinoma (CCA). Cash utilization is offset notably by the €48.7 million milestone received in August 2024 (invoiced in June 2024) upon first sale of Ipsen's Iqirvo®2 (elafibranor) in the U.S. for the treatment of PBC.Get the latest newsdelivered to your inbox Sign up for The Manila Times newsletters By signing up with an email address  I acknowledge that I have read and agree to the Terms of Service and Privacy PolicyRevenueRevenue3 for the first nine months of 2024 amounted to €59.7 million compared to €14.3 million for the same period in 2023.AdvertisementSubstantially all revenue for the first nine months is attributable to our Collaboration and License Agreement with Ipsen and related Transition Services Agreements. Revenue growth is due to a milestone payment invoiced to Ipsen in June 2024 (collected in August 2024) following the first commercial sale of Iqirvo in the U.S.Of the €59.7 million in revenues for the first nine months of 2024  €48.7 million was attributable to a milestone payment invoiced to Ipsen in June 2024 and €0.9 million was attributable to royalty revenue from U.S. sales of Iqirvo/elafibranor which commenced mid-June in application of the Collaboration and License Agreement with Ipsen signed in December 2021. The remainder is comprised of €9.3 million attributable to the partial recognition of deferred income of €40 million accounted for in accordance with IFRS 15  in application of the aforementioned licensing agreement  and €0.8 million generated from the services rendered under the Transition Services Agreement and Part B Transition Services Agreement  signed in April 2022 and September 2023 respectively by GENFIT and Ipsen  in order to facilitate the transition of certain services related to the Phase 3 Elative®2 clinical trial until the complete transfer of the responsibility of the trial to Ipsen.ABOUT GENFITGENFIT is a late-stage biopharmaceutical company committed to improving the lives of patients with rare  life-threatening liver diseases whose medical needs remain largely unmet. GENFIT is a pioneer in liver disease research and development with a rich history and a solid scientific heritage spanning more than two decades. Today  GENFIT has built up a diversified and rapidly expanding R&D portfolio of programs at various stages of development. The Company focuses on Acute-on-Chronic Liver Failure (ACLF). Its ACLF franchise includes five assets under development: VS-01  NTZ  SRT-015  CLM-022 and VS-02-HE  based on complementary mechanisms of action using different routes of administration. Other assets target other serious diseases  such as cholangiocarcinoma (CCA)  urea cycle disorder (UCD) and organic acidemia (OA). GENFIT's expertise in the development of high-potential molecules from early to advanced stages  and in pre-commercialization  was demonstrated in the accelerated approval of Iqirvo® (elafibranor4) by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration  the European Medicines Agency and the Medicines and Healthcare Regulatory Agency in the UK for Primary Biliary Cholangitis (PBC). Beyond therapies  GENFIT also has a diagnostic franchise including NIS2+® in Metabolic dysfunction-associated steatohepatitis (MASH  formerly known as NASH for non-alcoholic steatohepatitis) and TS-01 focusing on blood ammonia levels. GENFIT is headquartered in Lille  France and has offices in Paris (France)  Zurich (Switzerland) and Cambridge  MA (USA). The Company is listed on the Nasdaq Global Select Market and on the Euronext regulated market in Paris  Compartment B (Nasdaq and Euronext: GNFT). In 2021  Ipsen became one of GENFIT's largest shareholders  acquiring an 8% stake in the Company's capital. www.genfit.comAdvertisementFORWARD LOOKING STATEMENTSThis press release contains certain forward-looking statements  including those within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 with respect to GENFIT  including  but not limited to statements about Company's eligibility to receive future milestone payments from Ipsen relating to the development and commercial launch of elafibranor in PBC and expected cash runway. The use of certain words  such as ""believe""  ""potential""  ""expect""  ""target”  ""may”  ""will”  ""should""  ""could""  ""if"" and similar expressions  is intended to identify forward-looking statements. Although the Company believes its expectations are based on the current expectations and reasonable assumptions of the Company's management  these forward-looking statements are subject to numerous known and unknown risks and uncertainties  which could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed in  or implied or projected by  the forward-looking statements. These risks and uncertainties include  among others  the uncertainties inherent in research and development  including in relation to safety of drug candidates  cost of  progression of  and results from  our ongoing and planned clinical trials  review and approvals by regulatory authorities in the United States  Europe and worldwide  of our drug and diagnostic candidates  potential commercial success of elafibranor if approved  exchange rate fluctuations  and our continued ability to raise capital to fund our development  as well as those risks and uncertainties discussed or identified in the Company's public filings with the AMF  including those listed in Chapter 2 ""Risk Factors and Internal Control"" of the Company's 2023 Universal Registration Document filed on April 5  2024 (no. D.24-0246) with the Autorité des marchés financiers (""AMF"")  which is available on GENFIT's website (www.genfit.fr) and the AMF's website (www.amf.org)  and those discussed in the public documents and reports filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (""SEC"")  including the Company's 2023 Annual Report on Form 20-F filed with the SEC on April 5  2024 and subsequent filings and reports filed with the AMF or SEC  including the Half-Year Business and Financial Report at June 30  2024 or otherwise made public  by the Company. In addition  even if the results  performance  financial position and liquidity of the Company and the development of the industry in which it operates are consistent with such forward-looking statements  they may not be predictive of results or developments in future periods. These forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of publication of this press release. Other than as required by applicable law  the Company does not undertake any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking information or statements  whether as a result of new information  future events or otherwise.CONTACTSGENFIT | InvestorsAdvertisementTel: +33 3 2016 4000 | [email protected]GENFIT | MediaStephanie Boyer - Press relations | Tel: +333 2016 4000 | [email protected]GENFIT | 885 Avenue Eugène Avinée  59120 Loos - FRANCE | +333 2016 4000 | www.genfit.comAdvertisement1 Unaudited financial information under IFRS2 Iqirvo® and Elative® are registered trademarks of GENFIT SA3 Revenue recognized under IFRS 154 Elafibranor is marketed and commercialized in the U.S by Ipsen under the trademark Iqirvo®.AdvertisementAttachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.01,0.31,0.68,True,English,"['Third Quarter 2024 Financial Information', 'GENFIT Reports', 'Part B Transition Services Agreement', 'The Manila Times newsletters', 'expanding R&D portfolio', 'Phase 3 Elative®2 clinical trial', 'related Transition Services Agreements', 'Nasdaq Global Select Market', 'rare, life-threatening liver diseases', 'Chronic Liver Failure', 'Primary Biliary Cholangitis', 'solid scientific heritage', 'urea cycle disorder', 'Healthcare Regulatory Agency', 'blood ammonia levels', 'other serious diseases', 'Metabolic dysfunction-associated steatohepatitis', 'Euronext regulated market', 'first nine months', 'liver disease research', 'first commercial sale', 'capital expenditure requirements', 'European Medicines Agency', 'U.S. sales', 'U.S. Food', 'late-stage biopharmaceutical company', 'FORWARD LOOKING STATEMENTS', 'Compartment B', 'first sale', 'License Agreement', 'licensing agreement', 'Other assets', 'alcoholic steatohepatitis', '€48.7 million milestone', 'operating expenses', 'fourth quarter', 'current assumptions', 'exceptional events', 'latest news', 'email address', 'Privacy Policy', 'same period', 'milestone payment', 'partial recognition', 'deferred income', 'complete transfer', 'medical needs', 'rich history', 'two decades', 'various stages', 'five assets', 'complementary mechanisms', 'different routes', 'organic acidemia', 'high-potential molecules', 'early to', 'advanced stages', 'accelerated approval', 'diagnostic franchise', 'largest shareholders', 'press release', 'cash equivalents', 'cash position', 'existing cash', 'cash utilization', 'ACLF franchise', 'Drug Administration', 'Revenue growth', 'royalty revenue', 'development efforts', 'September', 'revenues', 'June', 'August', 'Ipsen', 'Iqirvo®', 'elafibranor', 'treatment', 'PBC', 'lives', 'patients', 'December', 'start', 'programs', 'result', 'VS', 'NTZ', 'SRT', 'CLM', 'GNS561', 'cholangiocarcinoma', 'CCA', 'inbox', 'Terms', 'Revenue3', 'Advertisement', 'Collaboration', 'application', 'remainder', 'accordance', 'IFRS', 'April', 'GENFIT', 'responsibility', 'pioneer', 'diversified', 'action', 'UCD', 'OA', 'expertise', 'commercialization', 'UK', 'therapies', 'NIS2+®', 'MASH', 'NASH', 'TS-01', 'Lille', 'France', 'offices', 'Paris', 'Zurich', 'Switzerland', 'Cambridge', 'USA', 'GNFT', '8% stake', '2024']",2024-11-08,2024-11-07,manilatimes.net
46871,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.businesspost.ie/markets/euronext-chief-ireland-only-country-to-experience-uk-style-stock-market-slowdown/,Euronext chief: Ireland ‘only country’ to experience UK-style stock market slowdown,"Picture: Euronext Ireland is the ""only country"" within Euronext's European stock market network facing challenges similar to the severe slowdown seen in Britain  according to its chief","Stéphane Boujnah says Irish exchange has not performed as strongly as hoped in recent yearsIreland is the ""only country"" within Euronext's European stock market network facing challenges similar to the severe slowdown seen in Britain  according to its chief ...",neutral,0.01,0.91,0.08,negative,0.01,0.09,0.91,True,English,"['UK-style stock market slowdown', 'Euronext chief', 'Ireland', 'country', 'European stock market network', 'Stéphane Boujnah', 'Irish exchange', 'recent years', 'severe slowdown', 'Ireland', 'country', 'Euronext', 'challenges', 'Britain', 'chief']",2024-11-07,2024-11-07,businesspost.ie
46872,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.afp.com/en/news/1315/bm3eac-corp-termination-discussions-regarding-proposed-business-combination-arkon-energy-202411077654581,BM3EAC Corp. Termination of Discussions Regarding Proposed Business Combination With Arkon Energy,After careful consideration  the Company and Arkon have determined that the current market conditions are not conducive to proceeding with the Potential Business Combination. This press release may contain information that qualifies or may have qualified as inside information within the meaning of Article 7 (1) of the EU Market Abuse Regulation.,BM3EAC Corp. (the “Company”)  a shell company incorporated under the laws of the Cayman Islands as an exempted company with limited liability and listed on Euronext Amsterdam  the regulated market operated by Euronext Amsterdam N.V.  hereby announces the termination of the discussions with Arkon Energy Ohio LLC (now Arkon Energy US Holdco LLC) (“Arkon”) regarding a potential transaction  including a business combination  initially announced on 21 February 2024 (the “Potential Business Combination”).After careful consideration  the Company and Arkon have determined that the current market conditions are not conducive to proceeding with the Potential Business Combination.IMPORTANT INFORMATIONThis press release may contain information that qualifies or may have qualified as inside information within the meaning of Article 7(1) of the EU Market Abuse Regulation.DISCLAIMERThis announcement is not for distribution or release  directly or indirectly  and should not be distributed in or sent into  the United States  Australia  Canada  Japan  the Cayman Islands or South Africa or any other jurisdiction in which such distribution or release would be unlawful or would require registration or other measures. This announcement does not contain or constitute an offer of securities for sale or an invitation or offer to the public for securities in any jurisdiction.In the EEA  this announcement is only directed at persons who are “qualified investors” within the meaning of Article 2(e) of the Prospectus Regulation (EU 2017/1129) as amended. In the United Kingdom  this announcement is directed only at “qualified investors” within the meaning of Article 2(e) of the Prospectus Regulation (EU) No 2017/1129 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018.This announcement is not an offer for sale nor a solicitation of an offer to buy any securities in the United States. This announcement is not for distribution  directly or indirectly  in or into the United States. The securities referenced herein have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933 (the “Securities Act”). Securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States absent registration under the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom. No public offering of the Offer Shares is being made in the United States.View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20241107765458/en/ENQUIRIESBM3EAC Corp.c/o Brigade Capital Management  LP 399 Park Avenue  16th FloorNew York  NY 10022Email: BrigadeM3EAC@brigadecapital.com© Business Wire  Inc.Disclaimer:This press release is not a document produced by AFP. AFP shall not bear responsibility for its content. In case you have any questions about this press release  please refer to the contact person/entity mentioned in the text of the press release.,neutral,0.0,0.98,0.02,negative,0.01,0.16,0.83,True,English,"['BM3EAC Corp.', 'Business Combination', 'Arkon Energy', 'Termination', 'Discussions', 'Arkon Energy US Holdco LLC', 'Arkon Energy Ohio LLC', 'Euronext Amsterdam N.V.', 'U.S. Securities Act', 'EU Market Abuse Regulation', 'current market conditions', 'UK domestic law', 'Brigade Capital Management', 'LP 399 Park Avenue', 'Potential Business Combination', 'regulated market', 'potential transaction', 'Prospectus Regulation', 'Business Wire', 'BM3EAC Corp.', 'Cayman Islands', 'limited liability', 'careful consideration', 'United States', 'South Africa', 'other measures', 'United Kingdom', 'European Union', 'source version', '16th Floor', 'New York', 'contact person/entity', 'IMPORTANT INFORMATION', 'press release', 'inside information', 'shell company', 'exempted company', 'other jurisdiction', 'qualified investors', 'public offering', 'Offer Shares', 'laws', 'termination', 'discussions', '21 February', 'meaning', 'Article', 'DISCLAIMER', 'announcement', 'distribution', 'Australia', 'Canada', 'Japan', 'registration', 'sale', 'invitation', 'EEA', 'persons', 'part', 'virtue', 'Withdrawal', 'solicitation', 'exemption', 'businesswire', 'news', 'ENQUIRIES', 'Email', 'BrigadeM3EAC', 'brigadecapital', 'document', 'AFP', 'responsibility', 'content', 'case', 'questions', 'text']",2024-11-07,2024-11-07,afp.com
46873,EuroNext,Bing API,https://uk.finance.yahoo.com/news/eutelsat-communications-modification-amount-liquidity-174000337.html,Eutelsat Communications: Modification to the Amount of Liquidity Contract,EUTELSAT Communications (ISIN: FR0010221234 - Euronext Paris / London Stock Exchange: ETL) signed a liquidity contract with BNP PARIBAS Exane on December 1  2007.,PARIS  November 07  2024--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Regulatory News:EUTELSAT Communications (ISIN: FR0010221234 - Euronext Paris / London Stock Exchange: ETL) signed a liquidity contract with BNP PARIBAS Exane on December 1  2007.The resources in cash and financial instruments allocated to the implementation of the liquidity contract have been re-examined. On the basis of market data as at July 1  2024  in order to ensure that resources remain proportionate and in line with the objectives of the contract  in accordance with AMF decision no. 2021-01 of June 22  2021  it has been decided to readjust the resources in securities. As a result  175 000 (one hundred and seventy-five thousand) shares have been withdrawn.As a reminder  at the time of the last half-yearly balance sheet dated July 1  2024  the following resources appeared in the liquidity account:- 497 082 EUTELSAT COMMUNICATIONS shares- 890 555 €About Eutelsat CommunicationsEutelsat Group is a global leader in satellite communications  delivering connectivity and broadcast services worldwide. The Group was formed through the combination of the Company and OneWeb in 2023  becoming the first fully integrated GEO-LEO satellite operator with a fleet of 35 Geostationary (GEO) satellites and a Low Earth Orbit (LEO) constellation of more than 600 satellites. The Group addresses the needs of customers in four key verticals of Video  where it distributes more than 6 500 television channels  and the high-growth connectivity markets of Mobile Connectivity  Fixed Connectivity  and Government Services. Eutelsat Group’s unique suite of in-orbit assets and ground infrastructure enables it to deliver integrated solutions to meet the needs of global customers. The Company is headquartered in Paris and Eutelsat Group employs more than 1 700 people across more than 50 countries. The Group is committed to delivering safe  resilient  and environmentally sustainable connectivity to help bridge the digital divide. The Company is listed on the Euronext Paris Stock Exchange (ticker: ETL) and the London Stock Exchange (ticker: ETL).Find out more at www.eutelsat.comView source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20241107737291/en/ContactsMedia enquiriesJoanna DarlingtonTel. +33 674 521 531jdarlington@eutelsat.comAnita BaltagiTel. +33 643 930 178abaltagi@eutelsat.comKatie DowdTel. +1 202 271 2209kdowd@oneweb.netInvestorsJoanna DarlingtonTel. +33 674 521 531jdarlington@eutelsat.comHugo Laurens-BergeTel. +33 670 80 95 58hlaurensberge@eutelsat.com,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.01,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,True,English,"['Eutelsat Communications', 'Liquidity Contract', 'Modification', 'Amount', 'last half-yearly balance sheet', 'Euronext Paris Stock Exchange', 'London Stock Exchange', 'BNP PARIBAS Exane', 'seventy-five thousand) shares', 'four key verticals', 'GEO-LEO satellite operator', 'Low Earth Orbit', 'high-growth connectivity markets', 'environmentally sustainable connectivity', '35 Geostationary (GEO) satellites', '082 EUTELSAT COMMUNICATIONS shares', 'satellite communications', 'orbit assets', 'Mobile Connectivity', 'Fixed Connectivity', 'BUSINESS WIRE', 'financial instruments', 'market data', 'AMF decision', 'one hundred', 'liquidity account', 'global leader', 'broadcast services', 'LEO) constellation', '6,500 television channels', 'Government Services', 'unique suite', 'ground infrastructure', 'integrated solutions', 'digital divide', 'source version', 'Media enquiries', 'Joanna Darlington', 'Anita Baltagi', 'Katie Dowd', 'Hugo Laurens-Berge', 'The Group', 'liquidity contract', 'Eutelsat Group', 'Regulatory News', 'global customers', 'following resources', 'The Company', '600 satellites', 'November', 'ETL', 'December', 'cash', 'implementation', 'basis', 'July', 'order', 'line', 'objectives', 'accordance', 'June', 'securities', 'result', 'reminder', 'time', 'combination', 'OneWeb', 'fleet', 'needs', 'Video', '1,700 people', '50 countries', 'businesswire', 'Contacts', 'Tel.', 'jdarlington', 'abaltagi', 'kdowd', 'Investors', 'hlaurensberge', '175,000', '497']",2024-11-07,2024-11-07,uk.finance.yahoo.com
46874,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.msn.com/en-gb/money/other/euronext-lifts-revenue-target-in-new-three-year-plan/ar-AA1tH0k7,Euronext lifts revenue target in new three-year plan,Euronext raised its revenue targets through to 2027 and beat third quarter profit expectations on Thursday  helped by growth in its clearing and non-volume related activities. The pan-European stock exchange also announced a share buyback programme of up to 300 million euros ($324.,Euronext raised its revenue targets through to 2027 and beat third quarter profit expectations on Thursday  helped by growth in its clearing and non-volume related activities. The pan-European stock exchange also announced a share buyback programme of up to 300 million euros ($324.,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,positive,0.58,0.42,0.0,True,English,"['new three-year plan', 'revenue target', 'Euronext', 'third quarter profit expectations', 'volume related activities', 'pan-European stock exchange', 'share buyback programme', 'revenue targets', 'Euronext', 'Thursday', 'growth', 'clearing', 'The', '300 million']",2024-11-07,2024-11-07,msn.com
46875,EuroNext,Bing API,https://markets.businessinsider.com/news/stocks/transgene-reports-business-pipeline-and-financial-update-for-q3-2024-1033972534,Transgene Reports Business  Pipeline and Financial Update for Q3 2024,TG4050: Promising Phase I data to be presented at SITC 2024 providing clinical proof of principle in adjuvant head and neck cancer,TG4050: Promising Phase I data to be presented at SITC 2024 providing clinical proof of principle in adjuvant head and neck cancer settingFinancial visibility confirmed into Q4 2025Strasbourg  France  November 7  2024  5:45 p.m. CET – Transgene (Euronext Paris: TNG)  a biotech company that designs and develops virus-based immunotherapies for the treatment of cancer  today provides its business update and financial position for the quarter ending September 30  2024.Key events and upcoming milestonesTG4050: Neoantigen therapeutic cancer vaccineTransgene and NEC will present promising new data from the ongoing randomized Phase I trial of the neoantigen individualized therapeutic cancer vaccine  TG4050 at SITC 2024 on November 9  2024 (see press release here ). These data provide robust clinical proof of principle for Transgene’s lead candidate in the adjuvant head and neck cancer setting  a patient population at high risk of relapse.Compelling 24.1-month median follow-up data presented showed that all 16 patients treated with TG4050 after completion of adjuvant standard of care remain disease-free and have not relapsed  comparing favorably to the observational arm which saw 3 out of 16 patients relapse. All patients treated with TG4050 developed specific immune responses against the selected personalized antigen targets  demonstrating the strong immunogenicity of the cancer vaccine  with both de novo and amplified responses. Additionally  immune responses are sustained over a 7-month period  covering the induction and boost periods.In Q2 2024  Transgene started enrolling patients in the Phase II part of the expanded randomized Phase I/II trial investigating TG4050 in the adjuvant treatment of head and neck cancer ( NCT04183166 ) . Patient enrollment continues to progress at a good pace.TG4050 is the only individualized neoantigen cancer vaccine currently being developed in a randomized trial in the adjuvant treatment of head and neck cancer.TG4050 has potential applicability across a range of solid tumors where there remains a significant unmet medical need  despite the existing therapeutic options  including immunotherapies. As a result  Transgene is conducting preliminary work on a potential new Phase I trial in a further undisclosed indication.TG4001 – Shared antigen cancer vaccineIn October 2024  Transgene announced that its randomized Phase II study evaluating TG4001 in combination with avelumab versus avelumab alone in patients with recurrent or metastatic HPV16-positive cervical and anogenital tumors did not meet its primary objective (improvement in progression-free survival).However  analysis of a pre-planned subgroup showed a positive efficacy trend in favor of the TG4001 containing regimen in cervical cancer patients  which requires further confirmation through additional analyses  including by PD-L1 status. These patients account for approximately half of the patients enrolled in the study. Transgene is currently evaluating the full study results in detail to determine the best way forward for this program and will communicate further once this is completed.Oncolytic VirusesBT-001 (intratumoral administration):In September 2024  Transgene and its partner BioInvent presented preliminary Phase I/IIa data ( NCT04725331 ) at ESMO (see press release here ) showing that BT-001 induced tumor regression in patients unresponsive to prior anti PD(L)-1 treatment  both as monotherapy and in combination with MSD’s (Merck & Co.  Inc.  Rahway  NJ  USA) anti-PD-1 therapy KEYTRUDA® (pembrolizumab).BT-001 replicated in the tumor and expressed the encoded GM-CSF and anti-CTLA-4 transgenes. Notably  BT-001 in combination with pembrolizumab showed first signs of efficacy in 2 out of 6 patients  with shrinkage of injected and non-injected lesions. In a reported case study  BT-001 treatment was able to modulate the tumor microenvironment  converting “cold tumors” into “hot tumors”  and inducing T cell infiltration.Transgene and BioInvent are finalizing the second cohort in the part B of the Phase I/IIa trial  to inform on the further development strategy.TG6050 (intravenous administration):The Phase I Delivir trial ( NCT05788926 )  evaluating TG6050 in patients with advanced non-small cell lung cancer who have failed standard therapeutic options  completed the first two dose levels. Dose-limiting toxicity was observed in one patient in the third cohort and additional patients are being enrolled according to the protocol to complete this trial. Initial data are now expected in H1 2025.Preclinical data  recently published in the Journal for ImmunoTherapy of Cancer (JITC)  were awarded with the JITC Best Oncolytic and Local Immunotherapy Paper Award. The article on TG6050 demonstrates that it induces tumor regression in numerous “hot” and “cold” murine tumor models investigated in these studies. This antitumoral activity was further amplified when TG6050 was combined with an immune checkpoint inhibitor (article available here ).Operating revenue and incomeIn millions of euros 2024First Nine Months 2023First Nine Months Research Tax Credit 4.8 4.8 Revenue from collaborative and licensing agreements - 1.2 Other income 0.2 0.2 Operating revenue and income 5.0 6.2During the first nine months of 2024  operating revenue was mostly comprised of the Research Tax Credit (€4.8 million for the period in 2023 and 2024). The reduction in total operating revenue reflects the discontinuation of the AstraZeneca collaboration in 2023.Cash  cash equivalents and other financial assetsCash  cash equivalents and other financial assets stood at €14.0 million as of September 30  2024  compared to €15.7 million as of December 31  2023.In the first nine months of 2024  Transgene’s cash burn amounted to €31.3 million compared to a cash burn of €13.8 million in the same period of 2023. The difference is explained by the July 2023 sale of Transgene’s remaining shares held in Tasly BioPharmaceuticals for a total amount of US$15.3 million (€14.3 million).At of the end of July 2024  Transgene announced the conversion into shares of €33 million debt drawn down from the current account advance granted by the Company’s major shareholder TSGH (Institut Merieux)  in accordance with the terms of an agreement signed for the first time in 2023. As a result  the share capital of Transgene held by TSGH increased from 59.7% to 69.1% of the outstanding shares. In carrying out this transaction  Transgene has strengthened its balance sheet  reduced its debt levels and its debt burden as a result of lower interest payments.As of September 30  2024  Transgene had the capacity to draw down €23.5 million from the current account advance provided by TSGH.Transgene confirms financial visibility into Q4 2025  enabling the Company to deliver news flow on its portfolio progress over the next 12 months.***About TransgeneTransgene (Euronext: TNG) is a biotechnology company focused on designing and developing targeted immunotherapies for the treatment of cancer. Transgene’s programs utilize viral vector technology with the goal of indirectly or directly killing cancer cells.The Company’s clinical-stage programs consist of a portfolio of therapeutic vaccines and oncolytic viruses: TG4050  the first individualized therapeutic vaccine based on the myvac® platform  TG4001 for the treatment of HPV-positive cancers  as well as BT-001 and TG6050  two oncolytic viruses based on the Invir.IO® viral backbone. With Transgene’s myvac® platform  therapeutic vaccination enters the field of precision medicine with a novel immunotherapy that is fully tailored to each individual. The myvac® approach allows the generation of a virus-based immunotherapy that encodes patient-specific mutations identified and selected by Artificial Intelligence capabilities provided by its partner NEC.With its proprietary platform Invir.IO®  Transgene is building on its viral vector engineering expertise to design a new generation of multifunctional oncolytic viruses.Additional information about Transgene is available at: https://www.transgene.frFollow us on social media: X (formerly Twitter): @TransgeneSA —LinkedIn: @TransgeneContactsTransgene Contacts: Transgene Media Contact: Media MEDiSTRAVA Caroline Tosch Frazer Hall/Sylvie Berrebi Corporate Communication Manager + 44 (0)203 928 6900 +33 (0)3 68 33 27 38 transgene@medistrava.com communication@transgene.fr Lucie Larguier Chief Financial Officer Nadege Bartoli IR Analyst and Financial Communications Officer +33 (0)3 88 27 91 03 /00 investorrelations@transgene.frDisclaimerThis press release contains forward-looking statements  which are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties  which could cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated. The occurrence of any of these risks could have a significant negative outcome for the Company’s activities  perspectives  financial situation  results  regulatory authorities’ agreement with development phases  and development. The Company’s ability to commercialize its products depends on but is not limited to the following factors: positive pre-clinical data may not be predictive of human clinical results  the success of clinical studies  the ability to obtain financing and/or partnerships for product manufacturing  development and commercialization  and marketing approval by government regulatory authorities. For a discussion of risks and uncertainties which could cause the Company’s actual results  financial condition  performance or achievements to differ from those contained in the forward-looking statements  please refer to the Risk Factors (“Facteurs de Risque”) section of the Universal Registration Document  available on the AMF website (https://www.amf-france.org) or on Transgene’s website (www.transgene.fr). Forward-looking statements speak only as of the date on which they are made  and Transgene undertakes no obligation to update these forward-looking statements  even if new information becomes available in the future.Attachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.34,0.32,0.34,True,English,"['Transgene Reports', 'Financial Update', 'Business', 'Pipeline', 'Q3', 'Compelling 24.1-month median follow-up data', 'prior anti PD(L)-1 treatment', 'ongoing randomized Phase I trial', 'neoantigen individualized therapeutic cancer vaccine', 'potential new Phase I trial', 'significant unmet medical need', 'Phase I Delivir trial', 'Promising Phase I data', 'individualized neoantigen cancer vaccine', 'randomized Phase I/II trial', 'first two dose levels', 'Neoantigen therapeutic cancer vaccine', 'Local Immunotherapy Paper Award', 'small cell lung cancer', 'randomized Phase II study', 'preliminary Phase I/IIa data', 'cold” murine tumor models', 'Phase I/IIa trial', 'existing therapeutic options', 'Phase II part', 'T cell infiltration', 'standard therapeutic options', 'personalized antigen targets', 'metastatic HPV16-positive cervical', 'First Nine M', 'immune checkpoint inhibitor', 'full study results', 'neck cancer setting', 'robust clinical proof', 'positive efficacy trend', 'specific immune responses', 'upcoming milestones TG4050', 'randomized trial', 'cervical cancer patients', 'JITC Best Oncolytic', 'new data', 'potential applicability', 'preliminary work', 'first signs', 'cold tumors', 'Initial data', 'Preclinical data', 'adjuvant standard', 'best way', 'Oncolytic Viruses', 'case study', 'adjuvant treatment', 'tumor regression', 'tumor microenvironment', 'Financial visibility', 'Euronext Paris', 'biotech company', 'business update', 'financial position', 'Key events', 'press release', 'lead candidate', 'patient population', 'high risk', 'observational arm', 'strong immunogenicity', '7-month period', 'boost periods', 'Patient enrollment', 'good pace', 'solid tumors', 'undisclosed indication', 'anogenital tumors', 'primary objective', 'progression-free survival', 'additional analyses', 'PD-L1 status', 'intratumoral administration', 'anti-PD-1 therapy', 'anti-CTLA-4 transgenes', 'hot tumors', 'second cohort', 'development strategy', 'intravenous administration', 'Dose-limiting toxicity', 'one patient', 'third cohort', 'antitumoral activity', 'Operating revenue', 'BT-001 treatment', 'adjuvant head', 'virus-based immunotherapies', 'additional patients', '16 patients', 'SITC', 'principle', 'Q4', 'Strasbourg', 'France', 'CET', 'TNG', 'quarter', 'September', 'November', 'relapse', 'completion', 'care', 'induction', 'Q2', 'range', 'TG4001', 'Shared', 'October', 'combination', 'avelumab', 'recurrent', 'improvement', 'analysis', 'subgroup', 'favor', 'regimen', 'confirmation', 'half', 'detail', 'program', 'partner', 'BioInvent', 'ESMO', 'monotherapy', 'MSD', 'Merck', 'Co.', 'Rahway', 'NJ', 'USA', 'KEYTRUDA®', 'pembrolizumab', 'GM-CSF', 'shrinkage', 'lesions', 'TG6050', 'NCT05788926', 'protocol', 'H1 2025', 'Journal', 'article', 'studies', 'income', 'millions', 'euros', '5:45', '3']",2024-11-07,2024-11-07,markets.businessinsider.com
46876,EuroNext,Bing API,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/vantiva-third-quarter-2024-revenue-164500685.html,Vantiva - Third Quarter 2024 Revenue,Press release Third quarter 2024 revenue Sales up 17.1% on a reported basisIncreased contribution from “Connected Home”Slower decline for “Supply Chain Services”Continued successful integration of Home Networks activities GUIDANCE CONFIRMED Paris (France) ,"Press releaseThird quarter 2024 revenueSales up 17.1% on a reported basisIncreased contribution from “Connected Home”Slower decline for “Supply Chain Services”Continued successful integration of Home Networks activitiesGUIDANCE CONFIRMEDParis (France)  November 7  2024 - Vantiva (Euronext Paris: VANTI) today announced its unaudited revenue for the third quarter of 2024.The ""Connected Home"" business posted sales growth of 28.6% over the quarter  thanks to the integration of Home Networks and diversifications.“Supply Chain Services"" sales fell by 11.9% over the quarter.Group sales totaled €554 million for the quarter  up 17.1% (+19.4% at constant exchange rates).“Connected Home” contributed €436 million  an increase of 28.6% (+31.4% at constant exchange rates). This amount includes a contribution of €26 million from diversification activities that did not contribute in 2023.The contribution from “Supply Chain Services” totaled €118 million  down 11.9% (-10.9% at constant exchange rates).The integration of Home Networks activities continued according to plan.The 2024 guidance (EBITDA and FCF1) is confirmed1 after interest and taxes and before restructuring costsI- Q3 and 9M 2024 revenuesQ3 9M In millions of euros  continuing operations 2024 2023 Change at current rate Change at constant rate 20242023 Change at current rate Change at constant rate Sales figures 554 473 17.1% 19.4% 1 557 1 511 3.1% 4.1%Q3 2024 HighlightsDemand for telecom equipment was further impacted by the reduction in investment programs by major operators and the need to reduce inventories. In addition  the geopolitical environment and the threat of strikes at US East Coast ports led to longer delivery times.The “Supply Chain Services” business was impacted by the slowdown in consumption in North America. On the other hand  demand for optical disc held up better than expected.OutlookThe successful integration of Home Networks activities and the speed with which we have streamlined our operations have enabled us to confirm our guidance for 2024.EBITDA > 140 million eurosFCF(1) > 0 million euros1 after interest and taxes and before restructuring costsII- Sector review for the third quarter and first nine months of the yearConnected HomeBreakdown of revenues by productQ3 9M In millions of euros  continuing operations 2024 2023 Change at current rate Change at constant rate 20242023 Change at current rate Change at constant rate Sales figures 436 339 28.6% 31.4% 1 233 1 146 7.6% 8.8%of which broadband268 284 (5.4)% (3.2)% 744 931 (20.1)% (19.2)% of which video142 55 nm nm 429 215 nm nm of which diversification 26 nm nm 60 nm nm“Connected Home” revenues accounted for 79% of Group revenues for the quarter (72% in Q3 23)  and totaling 436 million euros  an increase of 28.6%. At constant exchange rates  the increase would have been 31.4% compared to Q3 2023. All regions reported higher contributions. Video activities benefited from the consolidation of Home Networks sales. The broadband business experienced weak demand from certain operators  who are reducing their inventories. In addition  longer delivery times due to security issues around the Suez Canal and the threat of strikes in U.S. East Coast ports have delayed some deliveries into the next quarter.Story Continues",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.29,0.21,0.49,True,English,"['Third Quarter 2024 Revenue', 'Vantiva', 'U.S. East Coast ports', 'US East Coast ports', 'Supply Chain Services” business', 'Supply Chain Services"" sales', 'constant rate Sales figures', '142 55 nm nm 429 215 nm nm', 'Home Networks activities GUIDANCE', 'constant exchange rates', 'longer delivery times', 'II- Sector review', 'first nine months', 'Home Networks sales', 'Connected Home"" business', 'Connected Home Breakdown', 'Connected Home” revenues', 'current rate Change', 'Third quarter 2024 revenue', '26 nm nm', 'sales growth', 'Group sales', 'unaudited revenue', 'broadband business', 'diversification activities', 'Video activities', 'Press release', 'Slower decline', 'restructuring costs', '9M 2024 revenues', 'telecom equipment', 'investment programs', 'geopolitical environment', 'North America', 'other hand', 'optical disc', 'Group revenues', 'higher contributions', 'security issues', 'Suez Canal', 'I- Q3', 'Q3 9M', 'continuing operations', 'Q3 2024 Highlights', 'next quarter', 'successful integration', 'Euronext Paris', 'major operators', '436 million euros', 'weak demand', '2024 guidance', '2023 Change', 'basis', 'Continued', 'CONFIRMED', 'France', 'November', 'Vantiva', 'diversifications', 'increase', 'amount', 'plan', 'EBITDA', 'FCF', 'interest', 'taxes', 'millions', 'reduction', 'need', 'inventories', 'addition', 'threat', 'strikes', 'slowdown', 'consumption', 'Outlook', 'speed', 'year', 'product', 'regions', 'consolidation', 'deliveries', 'Story']",2024-11-07,2024-11-07,finance.yahoo.com
46877,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.msn.com/en-gb/money/other/euronext-raises-revenue-targets-beats-q3-profit-expectations/ar-AA1tGLFa,Euronext raises revenue targets  beats Q3 profit expectations,Euronext raised its revenue targets through to 2027 and beat third quarter profit expectations on Thursday  helped by growth in its clearing business. The pan-European stock exchange also announced a share buyback programme of up to 300 million euros ($324.,Euronext raised its revenue targets through to 2027 and beat third quarter profit expectations on Thursday  helped by growth in its clearing business. The pan-European stock exchange also announced a share buyback programme of up to 300 million euros ($324.,neutral,0.43,0.56,0.0,positive,0.65,0.35,0.0,True,English,"['Q3 profit expectations', 'revenue targets', 'Euronext', 'third quarter profit expectations', 'pan-European stock exchange', 'share buyback programme', 'revenue targets', 'clearing business', 'Euronext', 'Thursday', 'growth', 'The', '300 million']",2024-11-07,2024-11-07,msn.com
46878,EuroNext,Bing API,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/jcdecaux-q3-2024-trading-164000650.html,JCDecaux : Q3 2024 trading update,Commenting on the 2024 third quarter revenue  Jean-Charles Decaux  Chairman of the Executive Board and Co-CEO of JCDecaux  said: “Our Q3 2024,JCDecauxQ3 2024 trading updateQ3 2024 adjusted revenue up +10.9% to €948.2 millionQ3 2024 adjusted organic revenue up +11.1%Q4 2024 adjusted organic revenue expected to grow low single-digitParis  November 7th  2024 – JCDecaux SE (Euronext Paris: DEC)  the number one outdoor advertising company worldwide  announced today its revenue for the third quarter 2024.Commenting on the 2024 third quarter revenue  Jean-Charles Decaux  Chairman of the Executive Board and Co-CEO of JCDecaux  said:“Our Q3 2024 Group revenue grew by +10.9%  +11.1% on an organic basis  above our expectations  to reach €948.2 million with a solid business momentum across all segments and geographies  mainly driven by continued strong digital revenue growth  while France benefited from the positive impact of the Paris Olympic and Paralympic Games.Digital Out Of Home (DOOH) revenue grew by +17.8%  +18.5% on an organic basis  to reach a new record high of 38.5% of Group revenue including an ongoing strong programmatic revenue growth.All business segments recorded strong organic revenue growth: Street Furniture grew by +8.8% with continued solid momentum  Transport grew by +15.5% reflecting the strong growth in both airports and public transport systems and Billboard grew by +7.9% driven by solid momentum across markets.France and UK delivered strong double-digit organic revenue growth with all other geographies growing high single-digit. Our business in China  while still well below pre-covid levels  grew double-digit with an increased digital penetration.As far as Q4 is concerned and bearing in mind our record Q4 last year  we expect a low single-digit organic revenue growth rate  including continued solid development of digital revenue and reflecting some macro uncertainties such as ongoing debates about government budgets in France and UK  while China is expected to be around flat due to low consumer demand.We are confident that Out of Home (OOH) will continue to grow its market share in a fragmented media landscape with Digital Out of Home (DOOH) being the fastest growing media segment. JCDecaux as the industry leader and the most digitised global OOH Media company is well positioned to benefit from this digital transformation.”Following the adoption of IFRS 11 from January 1st  2014  the operating data presented below is adjusted to include our prorata share in companies under joint control.Please refer to the paragraph “Adjusted data” of this release for the definition of adjusted data and reconciliation with IFRS.The values shown in the tables are generally expressed in millions of euros. The sum of the rounded amounts or variations calculations may differ  albeit to an insignificant extent  from the reported values.Story Continues,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.91,0.09,0.0,True,English,"['Q3 2024 trading update', 'JCDecaux', 'low single-digit organic revenue growth rate', 'strong double-digit organic revenue growth', 'ongoing strong programmatic revenue growth', 'one outdoor advertising company', 'fastest growing media segment', 'strong organic revenue growth', 'global OOH Media company', 'strong digital revenue growth', 'Q4 2024 adjusted organic revenue', 'low consumer demand', 'fragmented media landscape', 'Q3 2024 trading update', 'strong growth', '2024 third quarter revenue', 'new record high', 'public transport systems', 'Q3 2024 Group revenue', 'solid business momentum', 'high single-digit', 'organic basis', 'ongoing debates', 'record Q4', 'Adjusted data', 'DOOH) revenue', 'solid momentum', 'digital penetration', 'Digital Out', 'digital transformation', 'solid development', 'Jean-Charles Decaux', 'Executive Board', 'positive impact', 'Paralympic Games', 'Street Furniture', 'pre-covid levels', 'macro uncertainties', 'government budgets', 'market share', 'industry leader', 'January 1st', 'prorata share', 'joint control', 'variations calculations', 'insignificant extent', 'Euronext Paris', 'Paris Olympic', 'operating data', 'business segments', 'other geographies', 'JCDecaux SE', 'number', 'Chairman', 'CEO', 'expectations', 'France', 'Home', 'airports', 'Billboard', 'markets', 'UK', 'China', 'increased', 'mind', 'continued', 'digitised', 'adoption', 'IFRS', 'companies', 'paragraph', 'release', 'definition', 'reconciliation', 'values', 'tables', 'millions', 'euros', 'amounts', 'Story']",2024-11-07,2024-11-07,finance.yahoo.com
46879,EuroNext,Bing API,https://news.bloomberglaw.com/capital-markets/euronext-unveils-strategic-plan-300-million-stock-buyback,Euronext Unveils Strategic Plan  €300 Million Stock Buyback (1),Euronext NV kicked off a new three-year strategic plan to accelerate revenue and earnings growth by unveiling a €300 million ($324 million) share buyback.,Euronext NV kicked off a new three-year strategic plan to accelerate revenue and earnings growth by unveiling a €300 million ($324 million) share buyback.The exchange targets annual growth in both organic revenue and adjusted earnings before interest  taxes  depreciation  and amortization of more than 5% on average between 2023 and 2027  according to a statement. The buyback will start Nov. 11.The plan aims to accelerate growth in its non-volume businesses and expand its fixed income  currency and commodities trading and clearing businesses. Euronext is introducing a “flexible approach” to buybacks and will maintain its dividend payout at 50% ...,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,True,English,"['Euronext Unveils Strategic Plan', '€300 Million Stock Buyback', 'new three-year strategic plan', '€300 million ($324 million) share buyback', 'adjusted earnings', 'volume businesses', 'fixed income', 'commodities trading', 'clearing businesses', 'flexible approach', 'dividend payout', 'earnings growth', 'annual growth', 'Euronext NV', 'organic revenue', 'exchange', 'interest', 'taxes', 'depreciation', 'amortization', 'statement', 'currency', 'buybacks']",2024-11-07,2024-11-07,news.bloomberglaw.com
