UID,Searchword,API,URL,Title,Summary,Article,Title_Sentiment,Title_Positive,Title_Neutral,Title_Negative,Article_Sentiment,Article_Positive,Article_Neutral,Article_Negative,Verified,Language,Topics,Date,Load_Date,Source
29081,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/08/16/2726251/0/en/HRC-World-PLC-Notice-of-AGM-2023.html,HRC World PLC: Notice of AGM 2023,NOTICEOF ANNUALGENERAL MEETING 2023  When :         Tuesday  26 September 2023 at 5.00 p.m. (Malaysian Time)  Where :         Suite 2B-25-2 ...,"NOTICEOF ANNUALGENERAL MEETING 2023When : Tuesday 26 September 2023 at 5.00 p.m. (Malaysian Time)Where : Suite 2B-25-2  25th Floor  Block 2B  Plaza Sentral  Jalan Stesen 5  50470 Kuala Lumpur  MalaysiaTHIS DOCUMENT IS IMPORTANT AND REQUIRES YOUR IMMEDIATE ATTENTIONIf you are in any doubt as to the action you should take  you are recommended to seek your own personal financial advice immediately from your stockbroker  bank manager  solicitor  accountant  fund manager or other appropriate independent financial adviser  who is authorised under the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 if you are in the United Kingdom  or  if not  from another appropriately authorised independent financial adviser. If you have sold or otherwise transferred all your shares in HRC World Plc  you should at once forward this document and the accompanying proxy card to the purchaser or transferee  or to the bank or stockbroker or other agent through whom the sale or transfer was effected  for transmission to the purchaser or transferee.Letter to ShareholdersHRC World PlcRegistered in England & WalesCompany No. 10829936Registered OfficeEastcastle House27/28 Eastcastle StreetLondon W1W 8DHUnited KingdomDirectorsShailen Popatlal  ChairmanSimon James Retter  Independent Non-Executive DirectorDr Md. Khussairiee Ahmad  Independent Non-Executive DirectorDear ShareholderAnnual General Meeting 2023I am writing to invite you to our 2023 Annual General Meeting  which will be held at our Head Office at Suite 2B-25-2  25th Floor  Block 2B  Plaza Sentral  Jalan Stesen 5  50470 Kuala Lumpur  Malaysia  on Tuesday 26 September 2023 at 5.00 p.m. (Malaysian Time). Whether or not you are able to attend the Annual General Meeting  please complete and return the enclosed proxy form. Further information on the ways you can appoint a proxy is given in Notes to the Notice of Annual General Meeting. Completion and return of a proxy form will not prevent you from attending and voting in person at the Annual General Meeting.The consideration of resolutions at the Annual General Meeting is important. Your Directors believe that it is essential that the voting intentions of all shareholders are taken into account  not just those who are able to attend the Annual General Meeting. Shareholders (or their duly appointed proxies) attending the Annual General Meeting will still have the opportunity to ask questions and vote on each resolution.You will find set out at the end of this document a notice convening the Annual General Meeting of the Company for 5.00 p.m. (Malaysian Time) on Tuesday 26 September 2023  at which resolutions will be proposed:to receive and adopt the Company’s Annual Report and Accounts for the financial year ended on 31 March 2023  and the reports of the Directors’ and Auditors’ Report thereon; to re-appoint  as a director of the Company  Shailen Popatlal who  being eligible  offers himself for re-appointment; to re-appoint  as a director of the Company  Simon James Retter who  being eligible  offers himself for re-appointment; to re-appoint  as a director of the Company  Dr Md. Khussairiee Ahmad who  being eligible  offers himself for re-appointment; to re-appoint Shipleys LLP as the auditors of the Company until the conclusion of the next Annual General Meeting and to authorise the Directors to determine the level of the remuneration of the auditors; to grant the Directors authority to allot shares in the capital of the Company; to disapply the statutory pre-emption rights for certain shares; and to grant the Directors authority to purchase own shares.Resolutions 1 and 5 are self-explanatory. Information on the other resolutions is provided below. Resolutions 1 to 6 are ordinary resolutions which require to be passed with the approval of a simple majority of shareholders present and voting in person or by proxy or authorised representative. On a show of hands each shareholder so present has one vote  but should a poll be demanded each such shareholder has one vote for each share held by him or her. Resolutions 7 and 8 are special resolutions that require to be passed with the approval of 75% of shareholders  attending the meeting and entitled to vote. As described above the voting may be by a show of hands or by poll.Resolution 6: Authority to issue sharesResolution 6 seeks an authority to allot shares  subject to the normal pre-emption rights reserved to shareholders contained in the Companies Act 2006 (the “2006 Act”). The Association of British Insurers (“ABI”) recommends that a company seek an annual authority to allot up to a third of their issued share capital; however  the ABI have issued further guidelines permitting a company to seek authority to allot an additional third of their issued share capital  provided such additional third is reserved for fully pre-emptive rights issues of equity shares. Resolution 6 reflects the ABI’s recommendations.Resolution 7: Disapplication of pre-emption rightsResolution 7 covers the granting of a waiver of pre-emption rights over the number of shares in resolution 6  as applicable  and up to 20 per cent of the shares currently in issue for cash. The Directors consider it important to renew this authority. In addition  the resolution allows the disapplication of pre-emption rights to deal with the possibility of fractional entitlements and legal or regulatory restrictions to a share issue.Resolution 8: Authority to Purchase Own SharesResolution 8 seeks an authority  proposed as a special resolution  to make purchases up to a maximum of 15 000 000 ordinary shares (being approximately 10% of the Company’s issued share capital as at the Latest Practicable Date) and specifies the maximum and minimum purchase prices for the shares. Any shares purchased by the Company under this authority would be cancelled or held as treasury shares. A maximum of 10% of the Company’s issued share capital may be held as treasury shares.Action to be takenA form of proxy for use at the Annual General Meeting is enclosed. Shareholders are advised to complete and return the form of proxy in accordance with the instructions printed on it so as to arrive at the Company’s registered office at MSP Corporate Services Limited at Eastcastle House  27/28 Eastcastle Street  London W1W 8DH  United Kingdom  as soon as possible  but in any event no later than 5.00 p.m. Malaysian time (10.00a.m. BST) on 22 September 2023. The return of a form of proxy or the electronic appointment of a proxy does not preclude you from attending and voting at the Annual General Meeting if you so wish.RecommendationThe Directors consider that the resolutions to be proposed at the Annual General Meeting are in the best interests of the Company and its shareholders  and they recommend shareholders to vote in favour of the resolutions.Yours faithfully ______________________Shailen PopatlalChairman16 August 2023Notice ofAnnual General meetingNOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN THAT THE ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING OF THE SHAREHOLDERS OF HRC WORLD PLC (THE “COMPANY”) WILL BE HELD AT SUITE 2B-25-2  25TH FLOOR  BLOCK 2B  PLAZA SENTRAL  JALAN STESEN 5  50470 KUALA LUMPUR  MALAYSIA ON TUESDAY 26 SEPTEMBER 2023 AT 5.00 P.M. (MALAYSIAN TIME)  TO PROPOSE THE RESOLUTIONS SET OUT BELOW.Copies of the company’s audited financial statements  together with the reports of the directors and the auditor  for the year ended 31 March 2023 can be obtained at the ""investor relations"" tab of the company's website  http://www.hrcplc.co.ukORDINARY RESOLUTIONS:As ordinary business to consider and  if thought fit  to pass the following resolutions  each of which will be proposed as an ordinary resolution:1. To receive and adopt the Company’s Annual Report and Accounts for the financial year ended on 31 March 2023  and the reports of the Directors’ and Auditors’ Report thereon. ;2. To re-appoint  as a director of the Company  Shailen Popatlal who  being eligible  offers himself for re-appointment.;3. To re-appoint  as a director of the Company  Simon James Retter who  being eligible  offers himself for re-appointment.;4. To re-appoint  as a director of the Company  Dr Md. Khussairiee Ahmad who  being eligible  offers himself for re-appointment.;5. To re-appoint Shipleys LLP as the auditors of the Company until the conclusion of the next Annual General Meeting and to authorise the Directors to determine the level of the remuneration of the auditors..6. That pursuant to Section 551 of the Companies Act 2006  the Directors be and are generally and unconditionally authorised to exercise all the powers of the Company to allot shares in the Company or to grant rights to subscribe for or convert any security into shares in the Company up to an aggregate nominal amount of €500 000 being approximately one-third of the current issued share capital of the Company provided that this authority shall expire (unless previously renewed  varied or revoked by the Company in general meeting) at the conclusion of the next Annual General Meeting of the Company or 15 months after the passing of this resolution (if earlier) except that the Directors may before the expiry of such period make an offer or agreement which would or might require shares to be allotted or rights granted after the expiry of such period and the Directors may allot shares or grant rights in pursuance of that offer or agreement as if this authority had not expired.SPECIAL RESOLUTIONS:As special business to consider and  if thought fit  to pass the following resolutions  each of which will be proposed as a special resolution.7. That  conditional on the passing of Resolution 6 above  the directors be and are hereby authorised pursuant to section 570 of the Act  to allot equity securities (as defined in section 560 of the Act) for cash pursuant to the authority conferred by Resolution 6 above as if section 561 of the Act did not apply to such allotment  provided that this power shall be limited to the allotment of equity securities as follows:(a) limited to the allotment of equity securities or sale of treasury shares up to a nominal amount of €300 000; and(b) used only for the purposes of financing (or refinancing  if the authority is to be used within six months after the original transaction) a transaction which the Board of the Company determines to be an acquisition or other capital investment of a kind contemplated by the Statement of Principles on Disapplying Pre-emption Rights most recently published by the Pre-emption Group prior to the date of this notice such authority to expire 15 months after the date of the passing of this resolution or at the conclusion of the next Annual General Meeting of the Company  whichever occurs first (unless previously revoked or varied by the Company in general meeting) but  in each case  prior to its expiry the Company may make offers  and enter into agreements  which would  or might  require equity securities to be allotted (and treasury shares to be sold) after the authority expires and the Board may allot equity securities (and sell treasury shares) under any such offer or agreement as if the authority had not expired.8. That the Company be generally and unconditionally authorised for the purposes of section 701 of the Companies Act 2006 to purchase ordinary shares of the Company of €0.01 each in the capital of the Company on such terms and in such manner as the directors may from time to time determine provided that:(a) the maximum aggregate number of ordinary shares hereby authorised to be purchased is 15 000 000 representing approximately 10% of the issued ordinary share capital of the Company as at 16 August 2023 being the latest practicable date prior to the publication of the notice;(b) the minimum price (exclusive of expenses) which may be paid for each ordinary share is €0.01;(c) the maximum price (exclusive of expenses) which may be paid for each ordinary share shall not be more than 5% above the average of the market values for an ordinary share as derived from the Nasdaq First North Copenhagen Exchange’s Daily Official List for the five business days immediately preceding the date on which the ordinary share is purchased;(d) unless previously renewed  varied or revoked by the Company in general meeting  the authority hereby conferred shall expire 15 months after the date of the passing of this resolution or at the conclusion of the next Annual General Meeting of the Company  whichever occurs first (unless previously revoked or varied by the Company in general meeting); and(e) the Company may make a contract or contracts to purchase ordinary shares under the authority conferred by this resolution prior to the expiry of such authority which will or may be executed wholly or partly after the expiry of such authority and may make a purchase of ordinary shares in pursuance of any such contract or contracts.BY ORDER OF THE BOARDJoy Mazhambefor MSP Corporate Services LimitedCompany Secretary16 August 2023NOTES:1. As a member of the Company you are entitled to appoint a proxy to exercise all or any of your rights to attend  speak and vote on your behalf at a general meeting of the Company.2. A proxy does not need to be a member of the Company but must attend the meeting to represent you. To appoint as your proxy a person other than the Chairman of the meeting  insert their full name in the box on your proxy form. If you sign and return your proxy form with no name inserted in the box  the Chairman of the meeting will be deemed to be your proxy. Where you appoint as your proxy someone other than the Chairman  you are responsible for ensuring that they attend the meeting and are aware of your voting intentions. If you wish your proxy to make any comments on your behalf  you will need to appoint someone other than the Chairman and give them the relevant instructions directly.3. You may appoint more than one proxy provided each proxy is appointed to exercise rights attached to different shares. In the event of a conflict between a blank proxy form and a proxy form which states the number of shares to which it applies  the specific proxy form shall be counted first  regardless of whether it was sent or received before or after the blank proxy form  and any remaining shares in respect of which you are the registered holder will be apportioned to the blank proxy form. You may not appoint more than one proxy to exercise rights attached to any one share. To appoint more than one proxy you must complete a separate Form of Proxy for each proxy or  if appointing multiple proxies electronically  follow the instructions given on the relevant electronic facility. Members can copy their original Form of Proxy  or additional Forms of Proxy can be obtained from MSP Corporate Services Limited at Eastcastle House  27/28 Eastcastle St  London W1W 8DH  United Kingdom or Company’s website (www.hrcplc.co.uk)4. The return of a completed proxy form  other such instrument or any CREST proxy instruction (as described in note 13 below) does not preclude you from attending the meeting and voting in person. If you have appointed a proxy and attend the meeting in person  your proxy appointment will automatically be terminated.5. To direct your proxy how to vote on the resolutions mark the appropriate box on your proxy form with an ‘X’. To abstain from voting on a resolution  select the relevant “Vote withheld” box. A vote withheld is not a vote in law  which means that the vote will not be counted in the calculation of votes for or against the resolution. If no voting indication is given  your proxy will vote or abstain from voting at his or her discretion. Your proxy will vote (or abstain from voting) as he or she thinks fit in relation to any other matter which is put before the meeting.6. To be valid any proxy form or other instrument appointing a proxy must be:1.1 completed and signed;1.2 sent or delivered to MSP Corporate Services Limited at Eastcastle House  27/28 Eastcastle Street  London W1W 8DH; and1.3 received by MSP Corporate Services Limited no later than 5.00 p.m. Malaysian time (10.00 a.m. BST)  on 22 September 20231.4 received via email agm2023@hrcplc.co.uk. no later than 5.00p.m. Malaysian time (10.00 a.m. BST) on 22September 20237. In the case of joint holders  where more than one of the joint holders purports to appoint a proxy  only the appointment submitted by the most senior holder will be accepted. Seniority is determined by the order in which the names of the joint holders appear in the Company's register of members in respect of the joint holding (the first-named being the most senior).8. In the case of a member which is a company  your proxy form must be executed under its common seal or signed on its behalf by a duly authorised officer of the Company or an attorney for the Company.9. Any power of attorney or any other authority under which your proxy form is signed (or a duly certified copy of such power or authority) must be included with your proxy form.10. If you submit more than one valid proxy appointment  the appointment received last before the latest time for the receipt of proxies will take precedence.11. You may not use any electronic address provided in your proxy form to communicate with the Company for any purposes other than those expressly stated.12. CREST members who wish to appoint a proxy or proxies through the CREST electronic proxy appointment service may do so for the Annual General Meeting and any adjournment(s) thereof by using the procedures described in the CREST Manual. CREST personal members or other CREST sponsored members  and those CREST members who have appointed a voting service provider should refer to their CREST sponsors or voting service provider(s)  who will be able to take the appropriate action on their behalf.In order for a proxy appointment or instruction made by means of CREST to be valid  the appropriate CREST message (a CREST Proxy Instruction) must be properly authenticated in accordance with Euroclear UK & Ireland Limited’s specifications and must contain the information required for such instructions  as described in the CREST Manual. The message must be transmitted so as to be received by the Company’s agent  Computershare Investor Services (Jersey) Limited (CREST Participant ID: 3RA50)  no later than 48 hours  excluding any day that is not a business day  before the time appointed for the meeting. For this purpose  the time of receipt will be taken to be the time (as determined by the time stamp applied to the message by the CREST Application Host) from which the Company’s agent is able to retrieve the message by enquiry to CREST in the manner prescribed by CREST.CREST members and  where applicable  their CREST sponsor or voting service provider should note that Euroclear UK & Ireland limited does not make available special procedures in CREST for any particular messages. Normal system timings and limitations will therefore apply in relation to the input of CREST proxy instructions. It is the responsibility of the CREST member concerned to take (or  if the CREST member is a CREST personal member or sponsored member or has appointed a voting service provider  to procure that his CREST sponsor or voting service provider takes) such action as shall be necessary to ensure that a message is transmitted by means of the CREST system by any particular time. In this connection  CREST members and  where applicable  their CREST sponsor or voting service provider are referred in particular to those sections of the CREST manual concerning practical limitations of the CREST system and timings.13 Any corporation which is a member can appoint one or more corporate representatives who may exercise on its behalf all of its powers as a member provided that they do not do so in relation to the same shares.14 Any member attending the meeting has the right to ask questions. The Company has to answer any questions raised by members at the meeting which relate to the business being dealt with at the meeting unless:1.1 to do so would interfere unduly with the preparation for the meeting or involve the disclosure of confidential or ‘inside’ information;1.2 the answer has already been given on a website in the form of an answer to a question; or1.3 it is undesirable in the interests of the Company or the good order of the meeting to answer the question.15 Any shareholder may individually rescind their approval of the Company sending notices or other documentation to them by electronic means by notice in writing to the Company at MSP Corporate Services Limited at Eastcastle House  27/28 Eastcastle Street  London W1W 8DH United KingdomFURTHER INFORMATION MAY BE FOUND AT THE COMPANY’S WEBSITE: www.hrcplc.co.ukCOMPANY CONTACT DETAILSHRC WORLD PLC+603 7786 0500info@hrcplc.co.ukCERTIFIED ADVISERKESWICK GLOBAL AGinfo@keswickglobal.com+43 1 740 408045Attachments",neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,negative,0.03,0.38,0.58,True,English,"['HRC World PLC', 'Notice', 'AGM', 'other appropriate independent financial adviser', 'Dear Shareholder Annual General Meeting', 'Dr Md. Khussairiee Ahmad', 'Registered Office Eastcastle House', 'next Annual General Meeting', '27/28 Eastcastle Street', '2023 Annual General Meeting', 'personal financial advice', 'HRC World Plc', 'Simon James Retter', 'pre-emptive rights issues', 'Independent Non-Executive Director', 'statutory pre-emption rights', 'normal pre-emption rights', 'accompanying proxy card', 'United Kingdom Directors', 'Financial Services', 'other agent', 'Head Office', 'financial year', 'Annual Report', 'annual authority', 'other resolutions', 'Malaysian Time', '25th Floor', 'Jalan Stesen', 'Kuala Lumpur', 'IMMEDIATE ATTENTION', 'fund manager', 'London W1W', 'Shailen Popatlal', 'Shipleys LLP', 'simple majority', 'authorised representative', 'one vote', 'The Association', 'British Insurers', 'a third', 'additional third', 'proxy form', 'Markets Act', 'Companies Act', 'bank manager', 'Suite 2B-25-2', 'Further information', 'voting intentions', 'ordinary resolutions', 'special resolutions', 'Tuesday 26 September', 'share capital', 'Auditors’ Report', 'Directors authority', 'equity shares', 'Wales Company', 'Plaza Sentral', '2006 Act', 'NOTICE', 'Block', 'DOCUMENT', 'doubt', 'action', 'stockbroker', 'solicitor', 'accountant', 'purchaser', 'transferee', 'sale', 'transmission', 'Letter', 'Shareholders', 'England', 'Chairman', 'ways', 'Notes', 'Completion', 'return', 'consideration', 'proxies', 'opportunity', 'questions', 'Accounts', '31 March', 'reports', 'appointment', 'conclusion', 'level', 'remuneration', 'approval', 'show', 'hands', 'poll', 'ABI', 'guidelines', 'recommendations', 'Disapplication', 'granting', 'waiver', 'number', '5.00']",2023-08-16,2023-08-17,globenewswire.com
29082,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/HRC-WORLD-PLC-40647187/news/HRC-World-PLC-Notice-of-AGM-2023-44627612/,HRC World PLC: Notice of AGM 2023 -Yesterday at 07:32 am,(marketscreener.com)          NOTICEOF ANNUALGENERAL MEETING 2023 When :         Tuesday 26 September 2023 at 5.00 p.m. Where :         Suite 2B-25-2  25th Floor  Block 2B  Plaza Sentral  Jalan Stesen 5  50470 Kuala Lumpur  Malaysia THIS...https://www.markets…,"NOTICEOF ANNUALGENERAL MEETING 2023When : Tuesday 26 September2023 at 5.00 p.m. (Malaysian Time)Where : Suite 2B-25-2  25th Floor  Block 2B  Plaza Sentral  Jalan Stesen 5  50470 Kuala Lumpur  MalaysiaTHIS DOCUMENT IS IMPORTANT AND REQUIRES YOUR IMMEDIATE ATTENTIONIf you are in any doubt as to the action you should take  you are recommended to seek your own personal financial advice immediately from your stockbroker  bank manager  solicitor  accountant  fund manager or other appropriate independent financial adviser  who is authorised under the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 if you are in the United Kingdom  or  if not  from another appropriately authorised independent financial adviser. If you have sold or otherwise transferred all your shares in HRC World Plc  you should at once forward this document and the accompanying proxy card to the purchaser or transferee  or to the bank or stockbroker or other agent through whom the sale or transfer was effected  for transmission to the purchaser or transferee.Letter to ShareholdersHRC World PlcRegistered in England & WalesCompany No. 10829936Registered OfficeEastcastle House27/28 Eastcastle StreetLondon W1W 8DHUnited KingdomDirectorsShailen Popatlal  ChairmanSimon James Retter  Independent Non-Executive DirectorDr Md. Khussairiee Ahmad  Independent Non-Executive DirectorDear ShareholderAnnual General Meeting 2023I am writing to invite you to our 2023 Annual General Meeting  which will be held at our Head Office at Suite 2B-25-2  25th Floor  Block 2B  Plaza Sentral  Jalan Stesen 5  50470 Kuala Lumpur  Malaysia  on Tuesday 26 September 2023 at 5.00 p.m. (Malaysian Time). Whether or not you are able to attend the Annual General Meeting  please complete and return the enclosed proxy form. Further information on the ways you can appoint a proxy is given in Notes to the Notice of Annual General Meeting. Completion and return of a proxy form will not prevent you from attending and voting in person at the Annual General Meeting.The consideration of resolutions at the Annual General Meeting is important. Your Directors believe that it is essential that the voting intentions of all shareholders are taken into account  not just those who are able to attend the Annual General Meeting. Shareholders (or their duly appointed proxies) attending the Annual General Meeting will still have the opportunity to ask questions and vote on each resolution.You will find set out at the end of this document a notice convening the Annual General Meeting of the Company for 5.00 p.m. (Malaysian Time) on Tuesday 26 September 2023  at which resolutions will be proposed:to receive and adopt the Company’s Annual Report and Accounts for the financial year ended on 31 March 2023  and the reports of the Directors’ and Auditors’ Report thereon; to re-appoint  as a director of the Company  Shailen Popatlal who  being eligible  offers himself for re-appointment; to re-appoint  as a director of the Company  Simon James Retter who  being eligible  offers himself for re-appointment; to re-appoint  as a director of the Company  Dr Md. Khussairiee Ahmad who  being eligible  offers himself for re-appointment; to re-appoint Shipleys LLP as the auditors of the Company until the conclusion of the next Annual General Meeting and to authorise the Directors to determine the level of the remuneration of the auditors; to grant the Directors authority to allot shares in the capital of the Company; to disapply the statutory pre-emption rights for certain shares; and to grant the Directors authority to purchase own shares.Resolutions 1 and 5 are self-explanatory. Information on the other resolutions is provided below. Resolutions 1 to 6 are ordinary resolutions which require to be passed with the approval of a simple majority of shareholders present and voting in person or by proxy or authorised representative. On a show of hands each shareholder so present has one vote  but should a poll be demanded each such shareholder has one vote for each share held by him or her. Resolutions 7 and 8 are special resolutions that require to be passed with the approval of 75% of shareholders  attending the meeting and entitled to vote. As described above the voting may be by a show of hands or by poll.Resolution 6: Authority to issue sharesResolution 6 seeks an authority to allot shares  subject to the normal pre-emption rights reserved to shareholders contained in the Companies Act 2006 (the “2006 Act”). The Association of British Insurers (“ABI”) recommends that a company seek an annual authority to allot up to a third of their issued share capital; however  the ABI have issued further guidelines permitting a company to seek authority to allot an additional third of their issued share capital  provided such additional third is reserved for fully pre-emptive rights issues of equity shares. Resolution 6 reflects the ABI’s recommendations.Resolution 7: Disapplication of pre-emption rightsResolution 7 covers the granting of a waiver of pre-emption rights over the number of shares in resolution 6  as applicable  and up to 20 per cent of the shares currently in issue for cash. The Directors consider it important to renew this authority. In addition  the resolution allows the disapplication of pre-emption rights to deal with the possibility of fractional entitlements and legal or regulatory restrictions to a share issue.Resolution 8: Authority to Purchase Own SharesResolution 8 seeks an authority  proposed as a special resolution  to make purchases up to a maximum of 15 000 000 ordinary shares (being approximately 10% of the Company’s issued share capital as at the Latest Practicable Date) and specifies the maximum and minimum purchase prices for the shares. Any shares purchased by the Company under this authority would be cancelled or held as treasury shares. A maximum of 10% of the Company’s issued share capital may be held as treasury shares.Action to be takenA form of proxy for use at the Annual General Meeting is enclosed. Shareholders are advised to complete and return the form of proxy in accordance with the instructions printed on it so as to arrive at the Company’s registered office at MSP Corporate Services Limited at Eastcastle House  27/28 Eastcastle Street  London W1W 8DH  United Kingdom  as soon as possible  but in any event no later than 5.00 p.m. Malaysian time (10.00a.m. BST) on 22 September 2023. The return of a form of proxy or the electronic appointment of a proxy does not preclude you from attending and voting at the Annual General Meeting if you so wish.RecommendationThe Directors consider that the resolutions to be proposed at the Annual General Meeting are in the best interests of the Company and its shareholders  and they recommend shareholders to vote in favour of the resolutions.Yours faithfully ______________________Shailen PopatlalChairman16 August 2023Notice ofAnnual General meetingNOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN THAT THE ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING OF THE SHAREHOLDERS OF HRC WORLD PLC (THE “COMPANY”) WILL BE HELD AT SUITE 2B-25-2  25TH FLOOR  BLOCK 2B  PLAZA SENTRAL  JALAN STESEN 5  50470 KUALA LUMPUR  MALAYSIA ON TUESDAY 26 SEPTEMBER 2023 AT 5.00 P.M. (MALAYSIAN TIME)  TO PROPOSE THE RESOLUTIONS SET OUT BELOW.Copies of the company’s audited financial statements  together with the reports of the directors and the auditor  for the year ended 31 March 2023 can be obtained at the ""investor relations"" tab of the company's website  http://www.hrcplc.co.ukORDINARY RESOLUTIONS:As ordinary business to consider and  if thought fit  to pass the following resolutions  each of which will be proposed as an ordinary resolution:1. To receive and adopt the Company’s Annual Report and Accounts for the financial year ended on 31 March 2023  and the reports of the Directors’ and Auditors’ Report thereon. ;2. To re-appoint  as a director of the Company  Shailen Popatlal who  being eligible  offers himself for re-appointment.;3. To re-appoint  as a director of the Company  Simon James Retter who  being eligible  offers himself for re-appointment.;4. To re-appoint  as a director of the Company  Dr Md. Khussairiee Ahmad who  being eligible  offers himself for re-appointment.;5. To re-appoint Shipleys LLP as the auditors of the Company until the conclusion of the next Annual General Meeting and to authorise the Directors to determine the level of the remuneration of the auditors..6. That pursuant to Section 551 of the Companies Act 2006  the Directors be and are generally and unconditionally authorised to exercise all the powers of the Company to allot shares in the Company or to grant rights to subscribe for or convert any security into shares in the Company up to an aggregate nominal amount of €500 000 being approximately one-third of the current issued share capital of the Company provided that this authority shall expire (unless previously renewed  varied or revoked by the Company in general meeting) at the conclusion of the next Annual General Meeting of the Company or 15 months after the passing of this resolution (if earlier) except that the Directors may before the expiry of such period make an offer or agreement which would or might require shares to be allotted or rights granted after the expiry of such period and the Directors may allot shares or grant rights in pursuance of that offer or agreement as if this authority had not expired.SPECIAL RESOLUTIONS:As special business to consider and  if thought fit  to pass the following resolutions  each of which will be proposed as a special resolution.7. That  conditional on the passing of Resolution 6 above  the directors be and are hereby authorised pursuant to section 570 of the Act  to allot equity securities (as defined in section 560 of the Act) for cash pursuant to the authority conferred by Resolution 6 above as if section 561 of the Act did not apply to such allotment  provided that this power shall be limited to the allotment of equity securities as follows:(a) limited to the allotment of equity securities or sale of treasury shares up to a nominal amount of €300 000; and(b) used only for the purposes of financing (or refinancing  if the authority is to be used within six months after the original transaction) a transaction which the Board of the Company determines to be an acquisition or other capital investment of a kind contemplated by the Statement of Principles on Disapplying Pre-emption Rights most recently published by the Pre-emption Group prior to the date of this notice such authority to expire 15 months after the date of the passing of this resolution or at the conclusion of the next Annual General Meeting of the Company  whichever occurs first (unless previously revoked or varied by the Company in general meeting) but  in each case  prior to its expiry the Company may make offers  and enter into agreements  which would  or might  require equity securities to be allotted (and treasury shares to be sold) after the authority expires and the Board may allot equity securities (and sell treasury shares) under any such offer or agreement as if the authority had not expired.8. That the Company be generally and unconditionally authorised for the purposes of section 701 of the Companies Act 2006 to purchase ordinary shares of the Company of €0.01 each in the capital of the Company on such terms and in such manner as the directors may from time to time determine provided that:(a) the maximum aggregate number of ordinary shares hereby authorised to be purchased is 15 000 000 representing approximately 10% of the issued ordinary share capital of the Company as at 16 August 2023 being the latest practicable date prior to the publication of the notice;(b) the minimum price (exclusive of expenses) which may be paid for each ordinary share is €0.01;(c) the maximum price (exclusive of expenses) which may be paid for each ordinary share shall not be more than 5% above the average of the market values for an ordinary share as derived from the Nasdaq First North Copenhagen Exchange’s Daily Official List for the five business days immediately preceding the date on which the ordinary share is purchased;(d) unless previously renewed  varied or revoked by the Company in general meeting  the authority hereby conferred shall expire 15 months after the date of the passing of this resolution or at the conclusion of the next Annual General Meeting of the Company  whichever occurs first (unless previously revoked or varied by the Company in general meeting); and(e) the Company may make a contract or contracts to purchase ordinary shares under the authority conferred by this resolution prior to the expiry of such authority which will or may be executed wholly or partly after the expiry of such authority and may make a purchase of ordinary shares in pursuance of any such contract or contracts.BY ORDER OF THE BOARDJoy Mazhambefor MSP Corporate Services LimitedCompany Secretary16August 2023NOTES:1. As a member of the Company you are entitled to appoint a proxy to exercise all or any of your rights to attend  speak and vote on your behalf at a general meeting of the Company.2. A proxy does not need to be a member of the Company but must attend the meeting to represent you. To appoint as your proxy a person other than the Chairman of the meeting  insert their full name in the box on your proxy form. If you sign and return your proxy form with no name inserted in the box  the Chairman of the meeting will be deemed to be your proxy. Where you appoint as your proxy someone other than the Chairman  you are responsible for ensuring that they attend the meeting and are aware of your voting intentions. If you wish your proxy to make any comments on your behalf  you will need to appoint someone other than the Chairman and give them the relevant instructions directly.3. You may appoint more than one proxy provided each proxy is appointed to exercise rights attached to different shares. In the event of a conflict between a blank proxy form and a proxy form which states the number of shares to which it applies  the specific proxy form shall be counted first  regardless of whether it was sent or received before or after the blank proxy form  and any remaining shares in respect of which you are the registered holder will be apportioned to the blank proxy form. You may not appoint more than one proxy to exercise rights attached to any one share. To appoint more than one proxy you must complete a separate Form of Proxy for each proxy or  if appointing multiple proxies electronically  follow the instructions given on the relevant electronic facility. Members can copy their original Form of Proxy  or additional Forms of Proxy can be obtained from MSP Corporate Services Limited at Eastcastle House  27/28 Eastcastle St  London W1W 8DH  United Kingdom or Company’s website (www.hrcplc.co.uk)4. The return of a completed proxy form  other such instrument or any CREST proxy instruction (as described in note 13 below) does not preclude you from attending the meeting and voting in person. If you have appointed a proxy and attend the meeting in person  your proxy appointment will automatically be terminated.5. To direct your proxy how to vote on the resolutions mark the appropriate box on your proxy form with an ‘X’. To abstain from voting on a resolution  select the relevant “Vote withheld” box. A vote withheld is not a vote in law  which means that the vote will not be counted in the calculation of votes for or against the resolution. If no voting indication is given  your proxy will vote or abstain from voting at his or her discretion. Your proxy will vote (or abstain from voting) as he or she thinks fit in relation to any other matter which is put before the meeting.6. To be valid any proxy form or other instrument appointing a proxy must be:1.1 completed and signed;1.2 sent or delivered to MSP Corporate Services Limited at Eastcastle House 27/28 Eastcastle Street  London W1W 8DH; and1.3 received by MSP Corporate Services Limited no later than 5.00 p.m. Malaysian time (10.00 a.m. BST)  on 22 September 20231.4 received via email agm2023@hrcplc.co.uk. no later than 5.00p.m. Malaysian time (10.00 a.m. BST) on 22September 20237. In the case of joint holders  where more than one of the joint holders purports to appoint a proxy  only the appointment submitted by the most senior holder will be accepted. Seniority is determined by the order in which the names of the joint holders appear in the Company's register of members in respect of the joint holding (the first-named being the most senior).8. In the case of a member which is a company  your proxy form must be executed under its common seal or signed on its behalf by a duly authorised officer of the Company or an attorney for the Company.9. Any power of attorney or any other authority under which your proxy form is signed (or a duly certified copy of such power or authority) must be included with your proxy form.10. If you submit more than one valid proxy appointment  the appointment received last before the latest time for the receipt of proxies will take precedence.11. You may not use any electronic address provided in your proxy form to communicate with the Company for any purposes other than those expressly stated.12. CREST members who wish to appoint a proxy or proxies through the CREST electronic proxy appointment service may do so for the Annual General Meeting and any adjournment(s) thereof by using the procedures described in the CREST Manual. CREST personal members or other CREST sponsored members  and those CREST members who have appointed a voting service provider should refer to their CREST sponsors or voting service provider(s)  who will be able to take the appropriate action on their behalf.In order for a proxy appointment or instruction made by means of CREST to be valid  the appropriate CREST message (a CREST Proxy Instruction) must be properly authenticated in accordance with Euroclear UK & Ireland Limited’s specifications and must contain the information required for such instructions  as described in the CREST Manual. The message must be transmitted so as to be received by the Company’s agent  Computershare Investor Services (Jersey) Limited (CREST Participant ID: 3RA50)  no later than 48 hours  excluding any day that is not a business day  before the time appointed for the meeting. For this purpose  the time of receipt will be taken to be the time (as determined by the time stamp applied to the message by the CREST Application Host) from which the Company’s agent is able to retrieve the message by enquiry to CREST in the manner prescribed by CREST.CREST members and  where applicable  their CREST sponsor or voting service provider should note that Euroclear UK & Ireland limited does not make available special procedures in CREST for any particular messages. Normal system timings and limitations will therefore apply in relation to the input of CREST proxy instructions. It is the responsibility of the CREST member concerned to take (or  if the CREST member is a CREST personal member or sponsored member or has appointed a voting service provider  to procure that his CREST sponsor or voting service provider takes) such action as shall be necessary to ensure that a message is transmitted by means of the CREST system by any particular time. In this connection  CREST members and  where applicable  their CREST sponsor or voting service provider are referred in particular to those sections of the CREST manual concerning practical limitations of the CREST system and timings.13 Any corporation which is a member can appoint one or more corporate representatives who may exercise on its behalf all of its powers as a member provided that they do not do so in relation to the same shares.14 Any member attending the meeting has the right to ask questions. The Company has to answer any questions raised by members at the meeting which relate to the business being dealt with at the meeting unless:1.1 to do so would interfere unduly with the preparation for the meeting or involve the disclosure of confidential or ‘inside’ information;1.2 the answer has already been given on a website in the form of an answer to a question; or1.3 it is undesirable in the interests of the Company or the good order of the meeting to answer the question.15 Any shareholder may individually rescind their approval of the Company sending notices or other documentation to them by electronic means by notice in writing to the Company at MSP Corporate Services Limited at Eastcastle House 27/28 Eastcastle Street  London W1W 8DH United KingdomFURTHER INFORMATION MAY BE FOUND AT THE COMPANY’S WEBSITE: www.hrcplc.co.ukCOMPANY CONTACT DETAILSHRC WORLD PLC+603 7786 0500info@hrcplc.co.ukCERTIFIED ADVISERKESWICK GLOBAL AGinfo@keswickglobal.com+43 1 740 408045Attachments",neutral,0.09,0.89,0.02,negative,0.03,0.38,0.58,True,English,"['HRC World PLC', 'Notice', 'AGM', '07:32', 'other appropriate independent financial adviser', 'Dear Shareholder Annual General Meeting', 'Dr Md. Khussairiee Ahmad', 'Registered Office Eastcastle House', 'next Annual General Meeting', '27/28 Eastcastle Street', '2023 Annual General Meeting', 'personal financial advice', 'HRC World Plc', 'Simon James Retter', 'pre-emptive rights issues', 'Independent Non-Executive Director', 'statutory pre-emption rights', 'normal pre-emption rights', 'accompanying proxy card', 'United Kingdom Directors', 'Financial Services', 'other agent', 'Head Office', 'financial year', 'Annual Report', 'annual authority', 'other resolutions', 'Malaysian Time', '25th Floor', 'Jalan Stesen', 'Kuala Lumpur', 'IMMEDIATE ATTENTION', 'fund manager', 'London W1W', 'Shailen Popatlal', 'Shipleys LLP', 'simple majority', 'authorised representative', 'one vote', 'The Association', 'British Insurers', 'a third', 'additional third', 'proxy form', 'Markets Act', 'Tuesday 26 September', 'Companies Act', 'bank manager', 'Suite 2B-25-2', 'Further information', 'voting intentions', 'ordinary resolutions', 'special resolutions', 'share capital', 'Auditors’ Report', 'Directors authority', 'equity shares', 'Wales Company', 'Plaza Sentral', '2006 Act', 'NOTICE', 'Block', 'DOCUMENT', 'doubt', 'action', 'stockbroker', 'solicitor', 'accountant', 'purchaser', 'transferee', 'sale', 'transmission', 'Letter', 'Shareholders', 'England', 'Chairman', 'ways', 'Notes', 'Completion', 'return', 'consideration', 'proxies', 'opportunity', 'questions', 'Accounts', '31 March', 'reports', 'appointment', 'conclusion', 'level', 'remuneration', 'approval', 'show', 'hands', 'poll', 'ABI', 'guidelines', 'recommendations', 'Disapplication', 'granting', 'waiver', 'number', '5.00']",2023-08-16,2023-08-17,marketscreener.com
29083,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/FINGERPRINT-CARDS-AB-PUB-27811939/news/Fingerprint-Cards-AB-publ-announces-final-terms-for-the-fully-guaranteed-rights-issue-44630886/,Fingerprint Cards AB (publ) announces final terms for the fully guaranteed rights issue,(marketscreener.com) in the Regulation  or persons to whom the information may otherwise lawfully be communicated   and above are collectively referred to as “Relevant Persons”). Securities in the Company are only available to  and any invitation  offer or ag…,NOT FOR RELEASE  DISTRIBUTION OR PUBLICATION  DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY  IN OR INTO THE UNITED STATES (INCLUDING ITS TERRITORIES AND POSSESSIONS)  AUSTRALIA  JAPAN  CANADA  HONG KONG  NEW ZEALAND  SWITZERLAND  SINGAPORE OR SOUTH AFRICA OR ANY OTHER JURISDICTION IN WHICH DISTRIBUTION OR PUBLICATION WOULD BE UNLAWFUL OR REQUIRE REGISTRATION OR ANY OTHER MEASURE IN ACCORDANCE WITH APPLICABLE LAW. OTHER RESTRICTIONS ARE APPLICABLE. PLEASE SEE THE SECTION “IMPORTANT INFORMATION” AT THE END OF THE PRESS RELEASE.On 16 July 2023  the board of directors in Fingerprint Cards AB (publ) (“Fingerprints” or the “Company”) announced that the board of directors resolved to  subject to subsequent approval by the extraordinary general meeting on 18 August 2023 (the “EGM”)  carry out a rights issue comprising a fully guaranteed rights issue of B-shares of approximately MSEK 180 (the “Fully Guaranteed Rights Issue”) and a rights issue of A-shares of approximately MSEK 3.4 (together with the Fully Guaranteed Rights Issue  the “Rights Issue”). Today Fingerprints’ board of directors announce the final terms of the Rights Issue. The subscription price in the Rights Issue has been set to SEK 1.2 per new share and shareholders in Fingerprints as of the record date have preferential rights to subscribe for four (4) new shares per eleven (11) existing shares of the same share class.SummaryCurrent holders of A-shares in Fingerprints as of the record date 24 August 2023 will be allotted one (1) subscription right for each existing A-share held on the record date  whereby eleven (11) subscription rights entitles to subscription of four (4) A-shares  i.e. a subscription ratio of 11:4. In addition  current holders of B-shares in Fingerprints as of the record date 24 August 2023 will be allotted one (1) subscription right for each existing B-share held on the record date  whereby eleven (11) subscription rights entitles to subscription of four (4) B-shares  i.e. a subscription ratio of 11:4.A total of not more than 2 863 636 A-shares and not more than 151 497 352 B-shares will be issued  entailing an increase of the Company’s share capital by not more than SEK 6 721 264.The subscription price is SEK 1.2 per new share  corresponding to total issue proceeds of not more than approximately MSEK 185.2 before deduction of transaction costs related to the Rights Issue.The subscription price of SEK 1.2 per share corresponds to a discount of approximately 28 percent compared to the theoretical price after separation of subscription rights  based on the closing share price of Fingerprints’ B-share on Nasdaq Stockholm on 16 August 2023.The record date for the Rights Issue is 24 August 2023 and the subscription period runs from and including 28 August 2023 up to and including 11 September 2023.The last day of trading in B-shares including the right to participate in the Rights Issue is 22 August 2023.The Rights Issue is subject to the approval by the EGM to be held on 18 August 2023.Certain of the Company’s shareholders (including senior executives and board members) have undertaken to subscribe for new B-shares for a total amount of approximately MSEK 1.4  corresponding to approximately 0.8 percent of the Fully Guaranteed Rights Issue. In addition  certain external investors and an existing shareholder have entered into guarantee commitments corresponding to 100 percent of the Fully Guaranteed Rights Issue. The Fully Guaranteed Rights Issue is thus fully covered by subscription undertakings and guarantee commitments.Terms for the Rights IssueShareholders of A-shares and B-shares  which on the record date 24 August 2023 are registered as shareholders in Fingerprints in the share register maintained by Euroclear Sweden AB  have preferential rights to subscribe for A-shares and B-shares  respectively  in relation to the number of A-shares and B-shares  respectively  held on the record date. Shareholders of A-shares will receive one (1) subscription right for each A-share held on the record date  whereby eleven (11) subscription rights entitles to subscription of four (4) new A-shares. Shareholders of B-shares will receive one (1) subscription right for each B-share held on the record date  whereby eleven (11) subscription rights entitles to subscription of four (4) new B-shares. Thus  a total of not more than 2 863 636 A-shares and not more than 151 497 352 B-shares will be issued  entailing an increase of the Company’s share capital by not more than SEK 6 721 264. The subscription price is SEK 1.2 per new share  corresponding to total issue proceed of not more than approximately MSEK 185.2 before deduction of transaction costs related to the Rights Issue  assuming that the Rights Issue is fully subscribed.In the event that not all shares are subscribed for by exercising subscription rights  the Company’s board of directors shall  within the maximum amount of the Rights Issue  decide on the allotment of shares subscribed for without subscription rights. In such cases  allotment of new shares shall be carried out in accordance with the following. Firstly  allotment of shares shall be granted to those who have also subscribed for new shares by exercising subscription rights  regardless if they were registered as shareholders on the record date on 24 August 2023 or not and  in the event of over-subscription  pro rata in relation to the number of subscription rights exercised for subscription of shares by that individual  and  to the extent this is not possible  by drawing lots. Secondly  allotment of shares shall be granted to others who have subscribed for new shares without exercising subscription rights and  in the event of over-subscription  pro rata in relation to the number of shares such individual have applied to subscribe for  and  to the extent this is not possible  by drawing lots. Thirdly and as the case may be  shares shall be allotted to the parties that have entered into guarantee commitments regarding the Rights Issue with the Company  pro rata in relation to such commitment.The record date for determining which shareholders are entitled to subscribe for new shares is 24 August 2023. The B-shares are traded including right to participate in the Rights Issue up until 22 August 2023. The subscription period is expected to run between 28 August 2023 and 11 September 2023. Trading in B-subscription rights is expected to take place on Nasdaq Stockholm between 28 August 2023 and 6 September 2023  and trading in paid subscribed B-shares (Sw. betaldtecknadaktie ”BTA”) is expected to occur between 28 August 2023 and 14 September 2023.The Company’s board of directors will apply for admission to trading of the new B-shares on Nasdaq Stockholm. First day of trading is expected to be 20 September 2023. Neither the A-shares  the A-subscription rights or paid subscribed A-shares will be admitted to trading on Nasdaq Stockholm  other regulated market or an MTF.Shareholders not participating in the Rights Issue will be subject to a dilutive effect corresponding to approximately 27 per cent upon full subscription in the Rights Issue. However  the shareholders have the possibility to partly be financially compensated for this dilution by selling their subscription rights.Timetable for the Rights IssueExtraordinary general meeting 18 August 2023 Last day of trading in shares including the right to receive subscription rights in the Rights Issue 22 August 2023 First day of trading in shares excluding the right to receive subscription rights in the Rights Issue 23 August 2023 Publication of prospectus 23 August 2023 Record date for the Rights Issue 24 August 2023 Trading in subscription rights entitling to subscription of new B-shares in the Rights Issue 28 August 2023 – 6 September 2023 Subscription period in the Rights Issue 28 August 2023 – 11 September 2023 Trading with BTA in the Rights Issue (refers only to B-shares) 28 August 2023 – 14 September 2023 Expected publication of the outcome in the Rights Issue 13 September 2023 Subscription period for warrants of series 2022:1 and 2022:2 18 August 2023 – 14 September 2023 Record date in the bond redemption 21 September 2023 Redemption of the Company’s bonds 28 September 2023ProspectusA prospectus relating to the Rights Issue is intended to be made available on 23 August 2023 on Fingerprints’ website  www.fingerprints.com/capital-raise-2023 and on Carnegie’s website  www.carnegie.se.AdvisersCarnegie Investment Bank AB (publ) acts as Sole Global Coordinator and Bookrunner. Gernandt & Danielsson Advokatbyrå KB is legal adviser to the Company.About FingerprintsFingerprint Cards AB (Fingerprints) – the world’s leading biometrics company  with its roots in Sweden. We believe in a secure and seamless universe  where you are the key to everything. Our solutions are found in hundreds of millions of devices and applications  and are used billions of times every day  providing safe and convenient identification and authentication with a human touch. For more information visit our website  read our blog  and follow us on Twitter. Fingerprints is listed on Nasdaq Stockholm (FING B).For information  please contact:Ted Hansson  CEOPer Sundqvist  CFOInvestor Relations:+46(0)10-172 00 10investrel@fingerprints.comPress:+46(0)10-172 00 20press@fingerprints.comThis is the type of information that Fingerprint Cards AB (publ) is obligated to disclose pursuant to the EU’s Market Abuse Regulation. The information was submitted for publication  through the agency of the contact person set out above  on 16 August 2023 at 7:00 pm CEST.Important informationThis press release does not contain and does not constitute an offer to acquire  subscribe or otherwise trade in shares  subscription rights  BTAs  convertibles or other securities in Fingerprints. Invitation to the persons concerned to subscribe for shares in Fingerprints will only be made through a prospectus that Fingerprints will publish on its website after approval and registration with the Swedish Financial Supervisory Authority (Sw. Finansinspektionen).The information in this press release may not be disclosed  published or distributed  directly or indirectly  in or into the United States (including its territories and possessions)  Australia  Japan  Canada  Hong Kong  New Zealand  Singapore or South Africa or any other jurisdiction where distribution or publication would be illegal or require registration or other measures than those that follow from Swedish law. Actions that violate these restrictions may constitute a violation of applicable securities laws.No shares  subscription rights  BTAs  convertibles or other securities have been registered  and no shares  subscription rights  BTAs  convertibles or other securities will be registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933 as amended (“Securities Act”) or the securities legislation of any state or other jurisdiction of the United States and no shares  subscription rights  BTAs  convertibles or other securities may be offered  sold  or otherwise transferred  directly or indirectly  within or into the United States  except under an available exemption from  or in a transaction not subject to  the registration requirements under the Securities Act and in compliance with the securities legislation in the relevant state or any other jurisdiction of the United States.In any Member State of the European Economic Area (“EEA”)  other than Sweden  Denmark  Finland and Norway  this press release is intended for and is directed only to qualified investors in the relevant Member State as defined in the Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (together with associated delegated regulations and implementing regulations  the “Prospectus Regulation”)  i.e. only to those investors who can receive the offer without an approved prospectus in such EEA Member State.In the United Kingdom  this press release is only being directed and communicated to persons who are qualified investors as defined in Article 2(e) of the Prospectus Regulation (as incorporated into domestic law in the United Kingdom) who are (i) persons who fall within the definition of “professional investors” in Article 19(5) of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Financial Promotion) Order 2005 (as amended) (“the Regulation”)  or (ii) persons covered by Article 49(2)(a) - (d) in the Regulation  or (iii) persons to whom the information may otherwise lawfully be communicated (all such persons referred to in (i)  (ii) and (iii) above are collectively referred to as “Relevant Persons”). Securities in the Company are only available to  and any invitation  offer or agreement to subscribe  purchase or otherwise acquire such securities will only be processed in respect of Relevant Persons. Persons who are not Relevant Persons should not act based on or rely on the information contained in this press release.Matters discussed in this press release may contain forward-looking statements. Such statements are all statements that are not historical facts and contain expressions such as “believes”  “expects”  “anticipates”  “intends”  “estimates”  “will”  “may”  “continues”  “should” and other similar expressions. The forward-looking statements in this press release are based on various assumptions  which in several cases are based on additional assumptions. Although Fingerprints believes these assumptions were reasonable when made  such forward-looking statements are subject to known and unknown risks  uncertainties  contingencies and other material factors that are difficult or impossible to predict and beyond its control. Such risks  uncertainties  contingencies and material factors could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied in this communication through the forward-looking statements. The information  perceptions and forward-looking statements contained in press release speak only as at its date  and are subject to change without notice.Attachment,neutral,0.07,0.92,0.01,neutral,0.03,0.89,0.08,True,English,"['Fingerprint Cards AB', 'final terms', 'rights issue', 'publ', 'The Fully Guaranteed Rights Issue', 'Fingerprint Cards AB', 'extraordinary general meeting', 'Euroclear Sweden AB', 'same share class', 'one (1) subscription right', 'eleven (11) subscription rights', 'total issue proceeds', 'The Rights Issue', 'closing share price', 'four (4) new shares', 'four (4) new B-shares', 'four (4) new A-shares', 'Today Fingerprints’ board', 'preferential rights', 'subscription price', 'NEW ZEALAND', 'subscription ratio', 'subscription period', 'subscription undertakings', 'theoretical price', 'share capital', 'share register', 'UNITED STATES', 'ITS TERRITORIES', 'HONG KONG', 'SOUTH AFRICA', 'OTHER JURISDICTION', 'REQUIRE REGISTRATION', 'OTHER MEASURE', 'APPLICABLE LAW.', 'OTHER RESTRICTIONS', 'IMPORTANT INFORMATION', 'record date', 'Current holders', 'transaction costs', 'Nasdaq Stockholm', 'last day', 'senior executives', 'total amount', 'external investors', 'existing shareholder', 'guarantee commitments', 'maximum amount', 'four (4) B-shares', 'four (4) A-shares', 'existing B-share', 'board members', 'PRESS RELEASE', 'subsequent approval', 'final terms', 'existing A-share', 'Fingerprints’ B-share', '151,497,352 B-shares', '2,863,636 A-shares', 'DISTRIBUTION', 'POSSESSIONS', 'AUSTRALIA', 'JAPAN', 'CANADA', 'SWITZERLAND', 'SINGAPORE', 'ACCORDANCE', 'SECTION', '16 July', 'directors', 'Company', '18 August', 'EGM', 'MSEK', 'shareholders', 'Summary', 'addition', 'increase', 'deduction', 'discount', '28 percent', 'separation', '16 August', '24 August', '28 August', '11 September', 'trading', '0.8 percent', '100 percent', 'relation', 'number', 'event', 'allotment', 'cases']",2023-08-16,2023-08-17,marketscreener.com
29084,Euroclear,Bing API,https://hubbis.com/article/fintech-goji-euroclear-equals-greater-easier-access-to-a-world-of-private-market-investments,FinTech Goji + Euroclear equals Greater & Easier Access to a World of Private Market Investments,It is now just over six months since the purchase of Goji by Euroclear  the global provider of Financial Market Infrastructure  and Hubbis spoke with David just recently to hear of the developments since the deal passed regulatory approvals  and the plans ...,It is now just over six months since the purchase of Goji by Euroclear  the global provider of Financial Market Infrastructure  and Hubbis spoke with David just recently to hear of the developments since the deal passed regulatory approvals  and the plans ...,neutral,0.21,0.78,0.01,neutral,0.18,0.79,0.03,True,English,"['Private Market Investments', 'FinTech Goji', 'Easier Access', 'Euroclear', 'Greater', 'World', 'Financial Market Infrastructure', 'six months', 'global provider', 'regulatory approvals', 'purchase', 'Goji', 'Euroclear', 'Hubbis', 'David', 'developments', 'deal', 'plans']",2023-08-17,2023-08-17,hubbis.com
29085,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/first-spot-bitcoin-etf-europe-043122981.html,First Spot Bitcoin ETF in Europe Listed on Euronext Amsterdam,Jacobi Asset Management  headquartered in London  has introduced Europe's first spot Bitcoin exchange-traded fund (ETF) on Euronext Amsterdam.,"First Spot Bitcoin ETF in Europe Listed on Euronext AmsterdamFirst Spot Bitcoin ETF on Euronext AmsterdamJacobi Asset Management  headquartered in London  has introduced Europe's first spot Bitcoin exchange-traded fund (ETF) on Euronext Amsterdam  almost two years after receiving initial approval.Named the Jacobi FT Wilshere Bitcoin ETF and governed by the Guernsey Financial Services Commission (GFSC)  the ETF will operate under the symbol ""BCOIN."" Fidelity Digital Assets serves as the custody provider for the fund  while Flow Traders  a trading firm  functions as the market maker  as confirmed by Jacobi.Initially granted approval for the fund in October 2021 with intentions to list in 2022  Jacobi opted to delay its plans due to adverse conditions in the digital asset market  including the collapse of the Terra ecosystem and the insolvency of crypto exchange FTX.While exchange-traded products (ETPs)  which include exchange-traded notes (ETNs)  are widely used in Europe  Jacobi's offering is the first ETF. Unlike holders of ETNs who own a debt product  ETF investors own shares in the underlying company. Jacobi emphasizes that their ETF does not use leverage or derivatives  in contrast to ETNs.Surprisingly  Europe will debut a spot Bitcoin ETF before the United States  despite numerous applications submitted to the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) over recent years  all of which were denied.There is renewed optimism  however  that the regulator may approve a spot Bitcoin fund  following the application by the largest asset manager  BlackRock. This led to a wave of new or amended applications featuring ""surveillance-sharing"" agreements aimed at preventing market manipulation. However  the decision on ARK Invest and 21Shares’ Bitcoin ETF was delayed recently  with some  like former SEC head John Reed Stark  believing the current SEC will not approve the applications.",neutral,0.03,0.97,0.01,mixed,0.17,0.22,0.62,True,English,"['First Spot Bitcoin ETF', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'Europe', 'former SEC head John Reed Stark', 'Jacobi FT Wilshere Bitcoin ETF', 'first spot Bitcoin exchange-traded fund', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'First Spot Bitcoin ETF', 'spot Bitcoin fund', '21Shares’ Bitcoin ETF', 'Fidelity Digital Assets', 'largest asset manager', 'digital asset market', 'Jacobi Asset Management', 'first ETF', 'exchange-traded products', 'exchange-traded notes', 'Exchange Commission', 'current SEC', 'ETF investors', 'market maker', 'market manipulation', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'custody provider', 'Flow Traders', 'trading firm', 'adverse conditions', 'Terra ecosystem', 'crypto exchange', 'debt product', 'underlying company', 'United States', 'recent years', 'surveillance-sharing"" agreements', 'ARK Invest', 'initial approval', 'numerous applications', 'Europe', 'London', 'GFSC', 'symbol', 'BCOIN', 'October', 'intentions', 'plans', 'collapse', 'insolvency', 'FTX', 'ETPs', 'ETNs', 'offering', 'holders', 'leverage', 'derivatives', 'contrast', 'Securities', 'optimism', 'regulator', 'BlackRock', 'wave', 'new', 'decision']",2023-08-16,2023-08-17,finance.yahoo.com
29086,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://cointelegraph.com/news/spot-bitcoin-etf-approved,Spot Bitcoin ETF approved  but not in the US,The latest episode of The Market Report with Cointelegraph is out! Tune in to watch Cointelegraph’s resident expert Marcel Pechman discuss the spot Bitcoin ETF that was just launched in Europe and explore why the U.S. is still lagging behind.,In the latest episode of Cointelegraph’s The Market Report  analyst Marcel Pechman discusses the first spot Bitcoin exchange-traded fund (ETF) approved in the European Union  which went live on the Euronext Amsterdam exchange on Aug. 15. Despite the seemingly unconventional choice of the Guernsey regulator for its constitution  the fund’s listing on Euronext suggests a strategic maneuver  though its meager 1 million euro launch and unfamiliar management casts a shadow over its appeal.Moving on  Pechman shifts focus to the United States Bitcoin ETF landscape  where the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) has once again delayed its decision on approving a spot Bitcoin (BTC) ETF  setting a potential deadline for early 2024. This recurrent cycle of postponements echoes the challenges faced over the past decade.The lack of regulatory clarity in the U.S. cryptocurrency market underscores the SEC’s reluctance to endorse a spot crypto ETF.Pechman also discusses Bitcoin’s price trajectory. According to Bitcoin investor Jesse Myers  breaking the $100 000 barrier is intricately tied to the block subsidy halving in mid-2024. Myers challenges the efficient market hypothesis  positing that the market will take 12 to 18 months post-halving to fully assimilate the implications.Pechman conveys skepticism about predicting market outcomes  acknowledging many factors that can sway Bitcoin’s trajectory  including Federal Reserve decisions  banking liquidity  economic conditions and unforeseen events.Pechman concludes by circling back to the primary drivers of Bitcoin’s value: the abundance of fiat currency and government debt. He foresees Bitcoin surpassing $100 000  but the real-world purchasing power of that sum might be diminished due to inflation.Listen to the full episode of The Market Report on the new Cointelegraph Markets & Research YouTube channel  and don’t forget to click “Like” and “Subscribe” to keep up-to-date with all our latest content.,neutral,0.04,0.94,0.02,negative,0.02,0.3,0.68,True,English,"['Spot Bitcoin ETF', 'US', 'United States Bitcoin ETF landscape', 'first spot Bitcoin exchange-traded fund', 'meager 1 million euro launch', 'U.S. cryptocurrency market', 'spot crypto ETF', 'block subsidy halving', 'Federal Reserve decisions', 'real-world purchasing power', 'Research YouTube channel', 'The Market Report', 'efficient market hypothesis', 'new Cointelegraph Markets', 'Euronext Amsterdam exchange', 'analyst Marcel Pechman', 'BTC) ETF', 'market outcomes', 'Exchange Commission', 'Bitcoin investor', 'latest episode', 'European Union', 'unconventional choice', 'Guernsey regulator', 'strategic maneuver', 'unfamiliar management', 'potential deadline', 'recurrent cycle', 'past decade', 'regulatory clarity', '12 to 18 months', 'many factors', 'banking liquidity', 'economic conditions', 'unforeseen events', 'primary drivers', 'fiat currency', 'government debt', 'full episode', 'latest content', 'price trajectory', 'Jesse Myers', 'Aug.', 'constitution', 'listing', 'shadow', 'appeal', 'focus', 'Securities', 'early 2024', 'postponements', 'challenges', 'lack', 'reluctance', '$100,000 barrier', 'mid-2024', 'implications', 'skepticism', 'value', 'abundance', 'sum', 'inflation']",2023-08-16,2023-08-17,cointelegraph.com
29087,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/08/16/2726727/0/en/Oxurion-Receives-Transparency-Notification-from-Atlas-Special-Opportunities-LLC.html,Oxurion Receives Transparency Notification from Atlas Special Opportunities LLC,Regulated Information  Leuven  BELGIUM  Boston  MA  US – August 16  2023 – 7.00 PM CET Oxurion NV (Euronext Brussels: OXUR) a biopharmaceutical company......,Regulated InformationLeuven  BELGIUM  Boston  MA  US – August 16  2023 – 7.00 PM CET Oxurion NV (Euronext Brussels: OXUR) a biopharmaceutical company developing next generation standard of care ophthalmic therapies  with clinical stage assets in vascular retinal disorders  today announced that  pursuant to Belgian Transparency legislation1 it has received a transparency notification as follows:Oxurion received a transparency notification on August 15  2023  from Atlas Special Opportunities  LLC indicating that as of August 10  2023  it held 94 063 545 shares of the then outstanding 1 937 849 876 shares  and therefore crossed above the threshold (3%) by virtue of the acquisition of voting securities. See Annex 1.About OxurionOxurion (Euronext Brussels: OXUR) is a biopharmaceutical company developing next generation standard of care ophthalmic therapies  which are designed to improve and better preserve vision in patients with retinal disorders including diabetic macular edema (DME)  the leading cause of vision loss in working-age people  as well as other conditions. Oxurion intends to play an important role in the treatment of retinal disorders  including the successful development of THR-149  its novel therapeutic for the treatment of DME. THR-149 is a potent plasma kallikrein inhibitor being developed as a potential new standard of care for the up to 50% of DME patients showing suboptimal response to anti-VEGF therapy. Oxurion is headquartered in Leuven  Belgium  with corporate operations in Boston  MA. More information is available at www.oxurion.com.Important information about forward-looking statementsCertain statements in this press release may be considered “forward-looking”. Such forward-looking statements are based on current expectations  and  accordingly  entail and are influenced by various risks and uncertainties. The Company therefore cannot provide any assurance that such forward-looking statements will materialize and does not assume any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statement  whether as a result of new information  future events  or any other reason. Additional information concerning risks and uncertainties affecting the business and other factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from any forward-looking statement is contained in the Company’s Annual Report. This press release does not constitute an offer or invitation for the sale or purchase of securities or assets of Oxurion in any jurisdiction. No securities of Oxurion may be offered or sold within the United States without registration under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933  as amended  or in compliance with an exemption therefrom  and in accordance with any applicable U.S. state securities laws.For further information please contact:Oxurion NVTom GraneyChief Executive OfficerTel: +32 16 75 13 10tom.graney@oxurion.comMichael DillenChief Business OfficerTel: +32 16 75 13 10michael.dillen@oxurion.comU SConway CommunicationsMary T. Conwaymtconway@conwaycommsir.com________1. Article 14  first paragraph  of the Law of 2 May 2007 on disclosure of major holdings.ANNEX 1Attachments,neutral,0.05,0.95,0.01,mixed,0.31,0.28,0.41,True,English,"['Atlas Special Opportunities LLC', 'Transparency Notification', 'Oxurion', 'applicable U.S. state securities laws', 'potent plasma kallikrein inhibitor', 'U.S. Securities Act', 'next generation standard', 'Atlas Special Opportunities', 'diabetic macular edema', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'potential new standard', 'Mary T. Conway', 'care ophthalmic therapies', 'Belgian Transparency legislation1', 'clinical stage assets', 'Chief Business Officer', 'U S', 'vascular retinal disorders', 'Such forward-looking statements', 'Regulated Information Leuven', 'voting securities', 'new information', 'Conway Communications', 'transparency notification', 'Euronext Brussels', 'leading cause', 'working-age people', 'other conditions', 'important role', 'successful development', 'novel therapeutic', 'suboptimal response', 'anti-VEGF therapy', 'corporate operations', 'More information', 'Important information', 'press release', 'current expectations', 'future events', 'other reason', 'Additional information', 'other factors', 'actual results', 'Annual Report', 'United States', 'first paragraph', 'major holdings', 'biopharmaceutical company', 'The Company', 'outstanding 1,937,849,876 shares', 'vision loss', 'various risks', 'Tom Graney', 'ANNEX 1 Attachments', 'Oxurion NV', 'Michael Dillen', 'DME patients', '94,063,545 shares', 'BELGIUM', 'Boston', 'August', 'LLC', 'threshold', 'virtue', 'acquisition', 'treatment', 'THR-149', 'uncertainties', 'assurance', 'obligation', 'offer', 'invitation', 'sale', 'purchase', 'jurisdiction', 'registration', 'compliance', 'exemption', 'accordance', 'Tel', 'Article', '2 May', 'disclosure', '7.00', '32']",2023-08-16,2023-08-17,globenewswire.com
29088,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://biztoc.com/x/37a2f6962efe6528,Spot Bitcoin ETF approved  but not in the US,In the latest episode of Cointelegraph’s The Market Report  analyst Marcel Pechman discusses the first spot Bitcoin exchange-traded fund (ETF) approved in the European Union  which went live on the Euronext Amsterdam exchange on Aug. 15. Despite the seemingly…,In the latest episode of Cointelegraph’s The Market Report  analyst Marcel Pechman discusses the first spot Bitcoin exchange-traded fund (ETF) approved in the European Union  which went live on the Euronext Amsterdam exchange on Aug. 15. Despite the seemingly unconventional choice of the Guernsey regulator for its constitution  the fund’s listing on Euronext suggests a…This story appeared on cointelegraph.com   .,neutral,0.04,0.94,0.02,neutral,0.07,0.78,0.15,True,English,"['Spot Bitcoin ETF', 'US', 'first spot Bitcoin exchange-traded fund', 'The Market Report', 'analyst Marcel Pechman', 'Euronext Amsterdam exchange', 'latest episode', 'European Union', 'unconventional choice', 'Guernsey regulator', 'cointelegraph.com', 'ETF', 'Aug.', 'constitution', 'listing', 'story']",2023-08-16,2023-08-17,biztoc.com
29089,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.investing.com/news/cryptocurrency-news/heres-what-happened-in-crypto-today-3154949,Here’s what happened in crypto today By Cointelegraph,Here’s what happened in crypto today,Published Aug 15  2023 09:40AM ET Updated Aug 15  2023 09:40PM ETBinance Connect is shutting down on August 16  the Jacobi exchange-traded fund (ETF) is finally going live on the Euronext Amsterdam stock exchange  more than a year after its planned launch. Meanwhile  crypto custodian Prime Trust has filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy after being unable to honor user deposits for months.Binance Connect shutting down on August 16Binance Connect  the regulated buy-and-sell crypto arm of the Binance exchange  will shut down on Aug. 16  Cointelegraph confirmed on Aug. 15 via an email with a Binance spokesperson.First EU spot Bitcoin ETF hits Euronext Amsterdam exchangePrime Trust files for Chapter 11 bankruptcyContinue Reading on Coin Telegraph,neutral,0.06,0.94,0.01,negative,0.01,0.21,0.78,True,English,"['crypto', 'Cointelegraph', 'Euronext Amsterdam exchange Prime Trust files', 'First EU spot Bitcoin ETF', 'Euronext Amsterdam stock exchange', 'crypto custodian Prime Trust', 'Jacobi exchange-traded fund', 'Binance exchange', 'crypto arm', 'Binance Connect', 'planned launch', 'Chapter 11 bankruptcy', 'user deposits', 'Binance spokesperson', 'Coin Telegraph', 'Aug', 'months', 'regulated', 'sell', 'Cointelegraph', 'email']",2023-08-16,2023-08-17,investing.com
29090,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/08/16/2726027/0/en/Flex-LNG-Key-information-relating-to-the-cash-dividend-to-be-paid-by-Flex-LNG-for-the-second-quarter-2023.html,Flex LNG - Key information relating to the cash dividend to be paid by Flex LNG for the second quarter 2023,August 16  2023Hamilton  Bermuda  Key information relating to the cash dividend to be paid by Flex LNG Ltd. (Ticker: FLNG) for the second quarter 2023....,August 16  2023Hamilton  BermudaKey information relating to the cash dividend to be paid by Flex LNG Ltd. (Ticker: FLNG) for the second quarter 2023.Dividend amount: $0.75Declared currency: USD. Dividends payable to shares registered with Euronext VPS will be distributed in NOK.Last day including right: August 29  2023Ex-date: August 30  2023Record date: August 31  2023Payment date: On or about September 5  2023. Due to the implementation of CSDR in Norway  dividends payable to shares registered with Euronext VPS will be distributed on or about September 8  2023.Date of approval: August 15  2023For more info please contact:Knut Traaholt  Chief Financial Officer of Flex LNG Management ASTelephone: +47 23 11 40 00Email: IR@flexlng.comThis information is subject to the disclosure requirements pursuant to section 5-12 of the Norwegian Securities Trading Act.,neutral,0.06,0.93,0.01,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,True,English,"['Flex LNG', 'Key information', 'cash dividend', 'second quarter', 'Norwegian Securities Trading Act', 'Flex LNG Management AS', 'Flex LNG Ltd', 'Chief Financial Officer', 'cash dividend', 'second quarter', 'Dividend amount', 'Euronext VPS', 'Last day', 'Knut Traaholt', 'disclosure requirements', 'Record date', 'Payment date', 'Key information', 'Hamilton', 'Bermuda', 'Ticker', 'FLNG', 'currency', 'Dividends', 'shares', 'NOK', 'Ex-date', 'August', 'September', 'implementation', 'CSDR', 'Norway', 'approval', 'Telephone', 'Email', 'flexlng', 'section']",2023-08-16,2023-08-17,globenewswire.com
29091,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/08/16/2726780/0/en/US-FDA-approves-Ipsen-s-SohonosTM-palovarotene-capsules-the-first-and-only-treatment-for-people-with-fibrodysplasia-ossificans-progressiva.html,US FDA approves Ipsen’s SohonosTM (palovarotene) capsules  the first and only treatment for people with fibrodysplasia ossificans progressiva,PARIS  FRANCE  16 August 2023 – Ipsen (Euronext: IPN; ADR: IPSEY) announced today approval by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) of Sohonos™ (palovarotene) capsules as a retinoid indicated for the reduction in volume of new heterotopic ossification i…,"Breakthrough treatment reduces new  abnormal bone formation in soft and connective tissues  in people living with ultra-rare bone disease  fibrodysplasia ossificans progressiva (FOP)FOP impacts about 400 people in the U.S.  it leads to progressive mobility loss  severely limits quality of life and shortens median life expectancy to 56 yearsSohonosTM may be prescribed immediately in the U.S. for eligible patients  aged 8 years and older for females and 10 years and older for malesPARIS  FRANCE  16 August 2023 – Ipsen (Euronext: IPN; ADR: IPSEY) announced today approval by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) of Sohonos™ (palovarotene) capsules as a retinoid indicated for the reduction in volume of new heterotopic ossification in adults and pediatric patients aged 8 years and older for females and 10 years and older for males with fibrodysplasia ossificans progressiva (FOP).“The FDA approval of Sohonos is a breakthrough for the U.S. FOP community. For the first time doctors have an approved medicine available to them  shown to reduce the formation of new  abnormal bone growth  known as heterotopic ossification (HO)  which causes debilitating mobility challenges and has a devastating impact on the lives of people with FOP ” said Howard Mayer  Head of Research and Development  Ipsen. “Development of medicines for rare diseases takes commitment and belief from everyone involved. We at Ipsen are sincerely grateful to the FOP community of patients and medical experts  as the first-ever treatment in the U.S. for managing FOP would not be possible without their participation in the clinical trials and ongoing support.”FOP impacts the lives of an estimated 400 people in the U.S. and 900 people globally.1 2 As the disease continuously progresses with flare-up episodes causing rapid bone growth  HO severely restricts mobility and function.3 4 Most people living with FOP inevitably lose the ability to eat and drink on their own  cannot provide selfcare or use the restroom themselves  and are unable to maintain employment.5 By the age of 30 years old  the majority of people with FOP require a wheelchair and full-time caregiver assistance.3 6 The management of FOP has previously been limited to palliative care and ultimately  FOP shortens the median life expectancy to 56 years  untimely death is often caused by bone formation around the ribcage leading to breathing problems and cardiorespiratory failure  or falls resulting in fractures or head injuries because joint ankylosis prevents bracing from a fall.7“FOP is life-altering to the individuals diagnosed and their families. There’s not a day that goes by where those impacted don’t worry about the debilitating physical pain of muscle that is replaced by bone  another joint locking or the relentless emotional toll of losing the ability to do an activity they love  or hold a loved one close "" explained Michelle Davis  Executive Director of International FOP Association. ""The first treatment for FOP has been proven to reduce the volume of new abnormal bone growth  which may result in better health outcomes for people living with FOP.”The FDA approval is based on the pivotal efficacy and safety data from the Phase III MOVE trial  the first and largest multicenter  open-label trial in adult and pediatric patients. The 18-month data published in the Journal of Bone and Mineral Research 8 included 107 patients (12 percent of the estimated number of individuals worldwide living with FOP) who received oral palovarotene compared with untreated individuals from Ipsen’s global FOP Natural History Study.9 The study results demonstrated palovarotene effectively reduced annualized heterotopic ossification volume compared with no treatment beyond standard of care  (54% reduction with weighted linear mixed effect model).8 The study also demonstrated that palovarotene has a well-characterized safety profile  with adverse events consistent with the systemic retinoid class. The most common treatment emergent adverse reactions reported in the study were mucocutaneous events such as dry skin  lip dryness  alopecia  drug eruption  rash  and pruritus and musculoskeletal events such as arthralgia and premature growth plate closure in growing children. 8“As a clinician caring for patients with FOP  I personally see the daily challenges and stresses that our patients and their families must contend with ” said Dr Edward Hsiao  Professor of Medicine  Division of Endocrinology and Metabolism  University of California  San Francisco. “The published Phase III MOVE study showed that Sohonos can decrease new heterotopic ossification  and that palovarotene can be tolerated by many patients with FOP. Sohonos is not for everyone. As with all medicines there are risks in this case especially for young children who may develop early growth plate closure. In addition  Sohonos has the same side effects as other retinoids  including dryness of the skin and mucus membranes. However  since the accumulation of HO in FOP is progressive  irreversible  and life altering  this medication is an important treatment option for our FOP community.”Sohonos  the first and only treatment for FOPSohonos is an oral medicine with particular selectivity for the gamma subtype of retinoic-acid receptors  which are an important regulator of skeletal development and ectopic bone in the retinoid signaling pathway. The medicine is designed to mediate the interactions between the receptors  growth factors and proteins within the retinoid signaling pathway to reduce new abnormal bone formation in FOP. The recommended dosing for Sohonos includes a chronic daily dosage of 5 mg (or weight-based equivalent for pediatric patients under 14 years of age)  which can be modified/increased for flare-up symptoms. Sohonos may be prescribed immediately in the U.S. for eligible patients.To ensure access to Sohonos for eligible individuals in the U.S.  Ipsen Cares patient support program is available as a resource to people living with FOP and their caregivers to provide educational support and address coverage  access and reimbursement questions (1-866-435-5677).Sohonos received Orphan Drug and Breakthrough Therapy Designations from the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) for the treatment of FOP and was granted Priority Review of the New Drug Application (NDA). Sohonos  under the generic name palovarotene  is also under review with a number of other regulatory authorities. In July 2023  the European Commission did not grant marketing authorization for palovarotene. SohonosTM (palovarotene capsules) is currently authorized for use in eligible patients in U.S.  Canada 10 and with a conditional approval in the United Arab Emirates.With this approval the FDA also issued a Rare Pediatric Disease Priority Review Voucher (PRV). The voucher can be used for subsequent drug applications that would not qualify for a priority review.Important Sohonos Safety InformationWARNING: EMBRYO-FETAL TOXICITY and PREMATURE PHYSEAL CLOSURE IN GROWING PEDIATRIC PATIENTSEmbryo-Fetal ToxicitySOHONOS is contraindicated in pregnancy. SOHONOS can cause fetal harm. Because of the risk of teratogenicity and to minimize fetal exposure  SOHONOS is to be administered only if conditions for pregnancy prevention are met.Premature E piphyseal C losurePremature epiphyseal closure occurs in growing pediatric patients treated with SOHONOS  close monitoring is recommended.ContraindicationsSOHONOS is contraindicated in patients during pregnancy  or with a history of allergy or hypersensitivity to retinoids  or to any component of SOHONOS.Warnings and PrecautionsEmbryo-Fetal Toxicity : SOHONOS can cause fetal harm and is contraindicated during pregnancy. Advise females of reproductive potential to use an effective method of contraception during treatment with SOHONOS and for 1 month after the last dose. If a pregnancy occurs during Sohonos treatment  discontinue treatment immediately and refer the patient to an obstetrician/gynecologist experienced in reproductive toxicity.: SOHONOS can cause fetal harm and is contraindicated during pregnancy. Advise females of reproductive potential to use an effective method of contraception during treatment with SOHONOS and for 1 month after the last dose. If a pregnancy occurs during Sohonos treatment  discontinue treatment immediately and refer the patient to an obstetrician/gynecologist experienced in reproductive toxicity. Premature Epiphyseal Closure in Growing Pediatric Patients: SOHONOS can cause irreversible premature epiphyseal closure and potential adverse effects on growth. Prior to starting treatment with SOHONOS  all growing pediatric patients should undergo baseline assessment of skeletal maturity and continued monitoring until patients reach skeletal maturity or final adult height. If appropriate  temporary or permanent discontinuation may be warranted.SOHONOS can cause irreversible premature epiphyseal closure and potential adverse effects on growth. Prior to starting treatment with SOHONOS  all growing pediatric patients should undergo baseline assessment of skeletal maturity and continued monitoring until patients reach skeletal maturity or final adult height. If appropriate  temporary or permanent discontinuation may be warranted. Mucocutaneous Adverse Reactions : Dry skin  lip dry  pruritis  rash  alopecia  erythema  skin exfoliation [skin peeling] and  dry eye occurred with SOHONOS. Prophylactic measures to minimize risk and/or treat the mucocutaneous adverse reactions are recommended (e.g.  skin emollients  sunscreen  lip moisturizers  or artificial tears). Some may require dose reduction or discontinuation. Photosensitivity reactions have been associated with the use of retinoids and may occur with SOHONOS. Precautionary measures for phototoxicity are recommended (e.g.  use of sunscreens  protective clothing  and use of sunglasses).Dry skin  lip dry  pruritis  rash  alopecia  erythema  skin exfoliation [skin peeling] and  dry eye occurred with SOHONOS. Prophylactic measures to minimize risk and/or treat the mucocutaneous adverse reactions are recommended (e.g.  skin emollients  sunscreen  lip moisturizers  or artificial tears). Some may require dose reduction or discontinuation. Photosensitivity reactions have been associated with the use of retinoids and may occur with SOHONOS. Precautionary measures for phototoxicity are recommended (e.g.  use of sunscreens  protective clothing  and use of sunglasses). Metabolic Bone Disorders : Increased risk of radiologically observed vertebral fractures and decreased vertebral bone mineral content and bone density. Periodic radiological assessment of the spine is recommended. Retinoids have been associated with hyperostotic changes (bone spurs) and calcification of tendons or ligaments may occur with SOHONOS.: Increased risk of radiologically observed vertebral fractures and decreased vertebral bone mineral content and bone density. Periodic radiological assessment of the spine is recommended. Retinoids have been associated with hyperostotic changes (bone spurs) and calcification of tendons or ligaments may occur with SOHONOS. Psychiatric Disorders : New or worsening psychiatric events were reported with SOHONOS including depression  anxiety  mood alterations  and suicidal thoughts and behaviors. Monitor for development of new or worsening psychiatric symptoms during treatment with SOHONOS. Patients and/or caregivers should contact their healthcare provider if new or worsening psychiatric symptoms develop during treatment with SOHONOS.: New or worsening psychiatric events were reported with SOHONOS including depression  anxiety  mood alterations  and suicidal thoughts and behaviors. Monitor for development of new or worsening psychiatric symptoms during treatment with SOHONOS. Patients and/or caregivers should contact their healthcare provider if new or worsening psychiatric symptoms develop during treatment with SOHONOS. Night Blindness: This may be dose-dependent  making driving a vehicle at night potentially hazardous during treatment. Advise patients to be cautious when driving or operating any vehicle at night and seek medical attention in the event of vision impairment.Adverse ReactionsThe most common adverse reactions (≥ 10%) in clinical trials include dry skin  lip dry  arthralgia  pruritus  pain in extremity  rash  alopecia  erythema  headache  back pain  skin exfoliation [skin peeling]   nausea  musculoskeletal pain  myalgia  dry eye  hypersensitivity  peripheral edema  and fatigue.Drug InteractionsCYP3A4 inhibitors may increase SOHONOS exposure. Avoid concomitant use of strong or moderate CYP3A4 inhibitors  as well as grapefruit  pomelo or juices containing these fruits.CYP3A4 inducers may decrease SOHONOS exposure. Avoid concomitant use of strong or moderate CYP3A3 inducers.The use of both vitamin A and SOHONOS at the same time may lead to additive effects. Concomitant administration of vitamin A in doses higher than the recommended daily allowance and/or other oral retinoids must be avoided due to risk of hypervitaminosis A.Systemic retinoid use has been associated with cases of benign intracranial hypertension (pseudotumor cerebri)  some of which involved the concomitant use of tetracyclines. Avoid coadministration of SOHONOS with tetracycline derivatives.Use in Specific PopulationsPregnancy: SOHONOS is contraindicated during pregnancy. Obtain a negative serum pregnancy test within 1 week prior to SOHONOS therapy and periodically  as needed  over the course of treatment with SOHONOS and 1 month after treatment discontinuation unless patient is not at risk of pregnancy. If pregnancy occurs during treatment with SOHONOS  stop treatment immediately and refer the patient to an obstetrician/gynecologist or other specialist experienced in reproductive toxicity for evaluation and advice.SOHONOS is contraindicated during pregnancy. Obtain a negative serum pregnancy test within 1 week prior to SOHONOS therapy and periodically  as needed  over the course of treatment with SOHONOS and 1 month after treatment discontinuation unless patient is not at risk of pregnancy. If pregnancy occurs during treatment with SOHONOS  stop treatment immediately and refer the patient to an obstetrician/gynecologist or other specialist experienced in reproductive toxicity for evaluation and advice. Lactation: Advise females that breastfeeding is not recommended during treatment with SOHONOS  and for at least 1 month after the last dose.Advise females that breastfeeding is not recommended during treatment with SOHONOS  and for at least 1 month after the last dose. Females and Males of Reproductive Potential: Advise females of reproductive potential to use effective contraception at least 1 month prior to and during treatment  and for 1 month after the last dose unless continuous abstinence is chosen.Advise females of reproductive potential to use effective contraception at least 1 month prior to and during treatment  and for 1 month after the last dose unless continuous abstinence is chosen. Pediatric Use: All growing pediatric patients should undergo baseline assessment of growth and skeletal maturity before starting treatment and continued clinical and radiographic monitoring every 6-12 months until patients reach skeletal maturity or final adult heightAll growing pediatric patients should undergo baseline assessment of growth and skeletal maturity before starting treatment and continued clinical and radiographic monitoring every 6-12 months until patients reach skeletal maturity or final adult height Renal or Hepatic Impairment: Use of SOHONOS in patients with severe renal impairment  or with moderate or severe hepatic impairment is not recommended.Please see full Prescribing Information  including BOXED WARNING on Ipsen.com/usENDSAbout IpsenIpsen is a global  mid-sized biopharmaceutical company focused on transformative medicines in Oncology  Rare Disease and Neuroscience. With total sales of €3.0bn in FY 2022  Ipsen sells medicines in over 100 countries. Alongside its external-innovation strategy  the Company’s research and development efforts are focused on its innovative and differentiated technological platforms located in the heart of leading biotechnological and life-science hubs: Paris-Saclay  France; Oxford  U.K.; Cambridge  U.S.; Shanghai  China. Ipsen has around 5 300 colleagues worldwide and is listed in Paris (Euronext: IPN) and in the U.S. through a Sponsored Level I American Depositary Receipt program (ADR: IPSEY). For more information  visit ipsen.comFor further information:ContactsInvestorsCraig MarksVice President  Investor Relations+44 (0)7584 349 193 Nicolas BoglerSenior Manager  Investor Relations+33 6 52 19 98 92MediaAmy WolfVP  Head of Corporate Brand Strategy& Communications+41 79 576 07 23Anna GibbinsGlobal Head of Franchise Communications Rare Disease+44 7717801900Rachel ReiffU.S. Head of Franchise Communications+1 908 616 1680Ioana PiscociuSenior ManagerGlobal Media Relations+33 6 69 09 12 96Ipsen’s forward-looking statementsThe forward-looking statements  objectives and targets contained herein are based on Ipsen’s management strategy  current views and assumptions. Such statements involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results  performance or events to differ materially from those anticipated herein. All of the above risks could affect Ipsen’s future ability to achieve its financial targets  which were set assuming reasonable macroeconomic conditions based on the information available today. Use of the words ‘believes’  ‘anticipates’ and ‘expects’ and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements  including Ipsen’s expectations regarding future events  including regulatory filings and determinations. Moreover  the targets described in this document were prepared without taking into account external-growth assumptions and potential future acquisitions  which may alter these parameters. These objectives are based on data and assumptions regarded as reasonable by Ipsen. These targets depend on conditions or facts likely to happen in the future  and not exclusively on historical data. Actual results may depart significantly from these targets given the occurrence of certain risks and uncertainties  notably the fact that a promising medicine in early development phase or clinical trial may end up never being launched on the market or reaching its commercial targets  notably for regulatory or competition reasons. Ipsen must face or might face competition from generic medicine that might translate into a loss of market share. Furthermore  the research and development process involves several stages each of which involves the substantial risk that Ipsen may fail to achieve its objectives and be forced to abandon its efforts with regards to a medicine in which it has invested significant sums. Therefore  Ipsen cannot be certain that favorable results obtained during preclinical trials will be confirmed subsequently during clinical trials  or that the results of clinical trials will be sufficient to demonstrate the safe and effective nature of the medicine concerned. There can be no guarantees a medicine will receive the necessary regulatory approvals or that the medicine will prove to be commercially successful. If underlying assumptions prove inaccurate or risks or uncertainties materialize  actual results may differ materially from those set forth in the forward-looking statements. Other risks and uncertainties include but are not limited to  general industry conditions and competition; general economic factors  including interest rate and currency exchange rate fluctuations; the impact of pharmaceutical industry regulation and healthcare legislation; global trends toward healthcare cost containment; technological advances  new medicine and patents attained by competitors; challenges inherent in new-medicine development  including obtaining regulatory approval; Ipsen's ability to accurately predict future market conditions; manufacturing difficulties or delays; financial instability of international economies and sovereign risk; dependence on the effectiveness of Ipsen’s patents and other protections for innovative medicines; and the exposure to litigation  including patent litigation  and/or regulatory actions. Ipsen also depends on third parties to develop and market some of its medicines which could potentially generate substantial royalties; these partners could behave in such ways which could cause damage to Ipsen’s activities and financial results. Ipsen cannot be certain that its partners will fulfil their obligations. It might be unable to obtain any benefit from those agreements. A default by any of Ipsen’s partners could generate lower revenues than expected. Such situations could have a negative impact on Ipsen’s business  financial position or performance. Ipsen expressly disclaims any obligation or undertaking to update or revise any forward-looking statements  targets or estimates contained in this press release to reflect any change in events  conditions  assumptions or circumstances on which any such statements are based  unless so required by applicable law. Ipsen’s business is subject to the risk factors outlined in its registration documents filed with the French Autorité des Marchés Financiers. The risks and uncertainties set out are not exhaustive and the reader is advised to refer to Ipsen’s latest Universal Registration Document  available on ipsen.com .1 Pignolo RJ  et al Prevalence of fibrodysplasia ossificans progressiva (FOP) in the United States: estimate from three treatment centers and a patient organisation. Orphanet J Rare Dis (2021) 16 : 3502 Baujat G  et al. Prevalence of fibrodysplassia ossificans progressiva (FOP) in France: an estimate based on a record linkage of two national databases. Orphanet J Rare Dis (2017) 12: 1233 Pignolo RJ  et al. Self-reported baseline phenotypes from the International Fibrodysplasia Ossificans Progressiva (FOP) Association Global Registry. Bone 2020;134:115274.4 Pignolo et al. The Natural History of Fibrodysplasia Ossificans Progressiva: A Prospective  Global  36-Month Study. Genetics in Medicine. 2022. https://doi.org/10.1016/j.gim.2022.08.0135. Al Mukaddam M  et al. Val Health 2022;25:S273 (POSA427)6 Pignolo RJ  et al. Fibrodysplasia ossificans progressiva: diagnosis  management  and therapeutic horizons. Pediatr Endocrinol Rev 2013;10 Suppl 2:437– 48.7 Kaplan et al  Early Mortality and Cardiorespiratory Failure in Patients with Fibrodysplasia Ossificans Progressiva. The Journal of Bone & Joint Surgery. 2010. doi: 10.2106/JBJS.I.007058 Pignolo RJ  et al. Reduction of New HO in the Open-Label  Phase 3 MOVE Trial of Palovarotene for Fibrodysplasia Ossificans Progressiva (FOP). J Bone Miner Res. 2022.9. Pignolo RJ  et al. The natural history of fibrodysplasia ossificans progressiva: A prospective 36-month study. Gen Med. 2022 ISSN 1098-3600 https://doi.org/10.1016/j.gim.2022.08.013.10. Government of Canada  Notice: Multiple Additions to the Prescription Drug List (PDL). Viewed 30 November 2022  < https://www.canada.ca/en/health-canada/services/drugs-health-products/drug-products/prescription-drug-list/notices-changes/multiple-additions-2022-01-24.html >.Attachment",neutral,0.03,0.95,0.02,mixed,0.16,0.28,0.56,True,English,"['US FDA', 'palovarotene) capsules', 'fibrodysplasia ossificans', 'Ipsen', 'SohonosTM', 'first', 'treatment', 'people', 'weighted linear mixed effect model', 'common treatment emergent adverse reactions', 'global FOP Natural History Study', 'Phase III MOVE trial', 'largest multicenter, open-label trial', 'premature growth plate closure', 'early growth plate closure', 'Phase III MOVE study', 'new, abnormal bone growth', 'new abnormal bone growth', 'new, abnormal bone formation', 'annualized heterotopic ossification volume', 'new heterotopic ossification', 'rapid bone growth', 'U.S. FOP community', 'full-time caregiver assistance', 'debilitating physical pain', 'relentless emotional toll', 'Dr Edward Hsiao', 'same side effects', 'characterized safety profile', 'progressive mobility loss', 'median life expectancy', 'U.S. Food', 'systemic retinoid class', 'debilitating mobility challenges', 'ultra-rare bone disease', 'International FOP Association', 'The FDA approval', 'adverse events', 'study results', 'safety data', 'daily challenges', 'first-ever treatment', 'first treatment', 'connective tissues', 'fibrodysplasia ossificans', 'Drug Administration', 'devastating impact', 'Howard Mayer', 'rare diseases', 'medical experts', 'clinical trials', 'ongoing support', 'flare-up episodes', 'untimely death', 'breathing problems', 'cardiorespiratory failure', 'joint ankylosis', 'joint locking', 'Michelle Davis', 'Executive Director', 'health outcomes', 'pivotal efficacy', '18-month data', 'mucocutaneous events', 'drug eruption', 'musculoskeletal events', 'growing children', 'San Francisco', 'young children', 'other retinoids', 'mucus membranes', 'important treatm', 'Breakthrough treatment', 'first time', 'eligible patients', 'pediatric patients', 'palliative care', 'head injuries', 'Mineral Research', 'dry skin', 'lip dryness', 'many patients', 'palovarotene) capsules', 'oral palovarotene', 'untreated individuals', 'Most people', '107 patients', '400 people', '900 people', 'soft', 'quality', '56 years', 'SohonosTM', 'females', 'PARIS', 'FRANCE', '16 August', 'Ipsen', 'Euronext', 'IPN', 'ADR', 'IPSEY', 'Sohonos™', 'reduction', 'adults', 'doctors', 'medicine', 'lives', 'Development', 'commitment', 'belief', 'everyone', 'participation', 'function', 'ability', 'selfcare', 'restroom', 'employment', 'age', 'majority', 'wheelchair', 'falls', 'fractures', 'bracing', 'fall.7', 'families', 'day', 'muscle', 'activity', 'Journal', 'estimated', 'number', 'standard', 'alopecia', 'rash', 'pruritus', 'arthralgia', 'clinician', 'stresses', 'Professor', 'Division', 'Endocrinology', 'Metabolism', 'University', 'California', 'risks', 'case', 'addition', 'medication']",2023-08-16,2023-08-17,globenewswire.com
29092,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/AVANTIUM-N-V-34281612/news/Avantium-First-Half-2023-Results-Avantium-continues-to-show-strong-progress-in-executing-the-commer-44623545/,Avantium First Half 2023 Results: Avantium continues to show strong progress in executing the commercialisation strategies for its proprietary technologies -Yesterday at 01:51 am,(marketscreener.com)   AMSTERDAM  16 August 2023  07:00 hrs CEST - Avantium N.V. (Euronext Amsterdam and Brussels: AVTX)  a leading technology company in renewable chemistry  today reports its 2023 half year results. Key Business Progress in the First Hal…,AMSTERDAM  16 August 2023  07:00 hrs CEST - Avantium N.V. (Euronext Amsterdam and Brussels:AVTX)  a leading technology company in renewable chemistry  today reports its 2023 half year results.Key Business Progress in the First Half of 2023:• Construction of Avantium's FDCA Flagship Plant remains on track  with commissioning activities expected to commence in the first quarter of 2024 and FDCA production in the second half of 2024.• Avantium has made further progress in the development of the Ray plantMEG™ and Ray plantMPG™ technology and secured a conditional grant award of €53 million from the National Growth Fund  an instrumental step for the funding of the construction of a Flagship Plant in the Netherlands.• Avantium's Volta Technology  a carbon capture and utilisation platform  is advancing towards a stage gate decision on the construction of a pilot plant  further supported by the previously announced collaboration with SCGC.• Avantium has signed a collaboration agreement with Norsk Hydro for further development of Avantium's Volta electrochemistry technology platform to develop innovative and sustainable solutions for Norsk Hydro.• Avantium R&D Solutions is successfully executing its strategy for R&D solutions for sustainable chemistry  securing additional orders and a strong revenue backlog for 2023.,neutral,0.39,0.59,0.02,neutral,0.07,0.92,0.01,True,English,"['Avantium First Half 2023 Results', 'strong progress', 'commercialisation strategies', 'proprietary technologies', '01', '51', 'Volta electrochemistry technology platform', 'Avantium R&D Solutions', 'leading technology company', 'conditional grant award', 'National Growth Fund', 'stage gate decision', 'strong revenue backlog', 'Ray plantMPG™ technology', '2023 half year results', 'Key Business Progress', 'Avantium N.V.', 'FDCA Flagship Plant', 'Volta Technology', 'utilisation platform', 'sustainable solutions', 'FDCA production', 'Ray plantMEG™', 'First Half', 'second half', 'pilot plant', 'renewable chemistry', 'commissioning activities', 'first quarter', 'instrumental step', 'carbon capture', 'Norsk Hydro', 'sustainable chemistry', 'additional orders', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'collaboration agreement', 'August', '07:00 hrs', 'CEST', 'Brussels', 'AVTX', 'Construction', 'track', 'development', 'funding', 'Netherlands', 'SCGC', 'innovative', 'strategy']",2023-08-16,2023-08-17,marketscreener.com
29093,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/08/16/2726645/0/en/Landsbankinn-hf-Landsbankinn-issues-bonds-in-SEK.html,Landsbankinn hf.: Landsbankinn issues bonds in SEK,Landsbankinn hf. has today concluded the sale of floating rate bonds with a maturity of 2 years in the amount of SEK 450 million. The bonds were priced at a spread of 305bps over 3-month STIBOR. The bonds are expected to be rated BBB by S&P Global Ratings.,Landsbankinn hf. has today concluded the sale of floating rate bonds with a maturity of 2 years in the amount of SEK 450 million. The bonds were priced at a spread of 305bps over 3-month STIBOR. The bonds are expected to be rated BBB by S&P Global Ratings.The bonds will be issued under the bank’s EMTN programme and expected to be admitted to trading on Euronext Dublin on 25 August 2023.Danske Bank acted as a dealer on the transaction.,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,True,English,"['Landsbankinn', 'bonds', 'SEK', 'S&P Global Ratings', 'floating rate bonds', 'Landsbankinn hf.', '3-month STIBOR', 'EMTN programme', 'Euronext Dublin', 'Danske Bank', 'sale', 'maturity', '2 years', 'amount', 'SEK', 'spread', '305bps', '25 August', 'dealer', 'transaction']",2023-08-16,2023-08-17,globenewswire.com
29094,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/D-IETEREN-GROUP-5994/news/D-Ieteren-Repurchase-and-disposal-of-own-shares-44630409/,D'Ieteren : Repurchase and disposal of own shares -Yesterday at 11:52 am,(marketscreener.com) 16 August 2023 - Own shares   Repurchase and disposal of own shares related to the option scheme and liquidity contract     - This is an abstract. For further details  please refer to the full press release -   In accordance wi…,16 August 2023 - Own sharesRepurchase and disposal of own shares related to the option scheme and liquidity contract- This is an abstract. For further details  please refer to the full press release -In accordance with articles 8:4 and 8:6 of the Royal Decree of 29 April 2019 implementing the Code on Companies and Associations  D'Ieteren Group announces today the purchase and disposal of treasury shares on the regulated market of Euronext Brussels and / or an MTF between 9 and 15 August 2023.The extraordinary shareholders' meeting of D'Ieteren Group renewed on 25 May 2023 the powers of the board of directors to acquire and dispose of own shares for a period of 5 years.The total number of own shares held by D'Ieteren Group reached 773 047 (1.4%) on 15 August 2023. The total number of ordinary shares equals 53 708 999.- End of abstract -Francis Deprez  Chief Executive OfficerArnaud Laviolette  Chief Financial OfficerStéphanie Voisin  Investor Relations - Tel: + 32 (0)2 536.54.39E-mail: financial.communication@dieterengroup.com - Website: www.dieterengroup.com,neutral,0.06,0.92,0.02,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.01,True,English,"[""D'Ieteren"", 'Repurchase', 'disposal', 'shares', '11', '52', 'full press release', ""D'Ieteren Group"", ""extraordinary shareholders' meeting"", 'Chief Executive Officer', 'Chief Financial Officer', 'Stéphanie Voisin', 'option scheme', 'liquidity contract', 'Royal Decree', 'regulated market', 'Euronext Brussels', 'total number', 'Francis Deprez', 'Arnaud Laviolette', 'Investor Relations', 'Own shares', 'treasury shares', 'ordinary shares', 'August', 'Repurchase', 'disposal', 'abstract', 'details', 'accordance', 'articles', '29 April', 'Code', 'Companies', 'Associations', 'MTF', '25 May', 'powers', 'board', 'directors', 'period', '5 years', 'End', 'Tel', 'mail', 'Website', 'dieterengroup']",2023-08-16,2023-08-17,marketscreener.com
29095,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/OXURION-NV-29715/news/Oxurion-Receives-Transparency-Notification-from-Atlas-Special-Opportunities-LLC-44630884/,Oxurion Receives Transparency Notification from Atlas Special Opportunities LLC,(marketscreener.com) Regulated Information Leuven  BELGIUM  Boston  MA  US – August 16  2023 – 7.00 PM CET Oxurion NV a biopharmaceutical company developing next generation standard of care ophthalmic therapies  with clinical stage assets in vascular retinal …,Regulated InformationLeuven  BELGIUM  Boston  MA  US – August16  2023 – 7.00PM CET Oxurion NV (Euronext Brussels: OXUR) a biopharmaceutical company developing next generation standard of care ophthalmic therapies  with clinical stage assets in vascular retinal disorders  today announced that  pursuant to Belgian Transparency legislation1 it has received a transparency notification as follows:Oxurion received a transparency notification on August 15  2023  from Atlas Special Opportunities  LLC indicating that as of August 10  2023  it held 94 063 545 shares of the then outstanding 1 937 849 876 shares  and therefore crossed above the threshold (3%) by virtue of the acquisition of voting securities. See Annex 1.About OxurionOxurion (Euronext Brussels: OXUR) is a biopharmaceutical company developing next generation standard of care ophthalmic therapies  which are designed to improve and better preserve vision in patients with retinal disorders including diabetic macular edema (DME)  the leading cause of vision loss in working-age people  as well as other conditions. Oxurion intends to play an important role in the treatment of retinal disorders  including the successful development of THR-149  its novel therapeutic for the treatment of DME. THR-149 is a potent plasma kallikrein inhibitor being developed as a potential new standard of care for the up to 50% of DME patients showing suboptimal response to anti-VEGF therapy. Oxurion is headquartered in Leuven  Belgium  with corporate operations in Boston  MA. More information is available at www.oxurion.com.Important information about forward-looking statementsCertain statements in this press release may be considered “forward-looking”. Such forward-looking statements are based on current expectations  and  accordingly  entail and are influenced by various risks and uncertainties. The Company therefore cannot provide any assurance that such forward-looking statements will materialize and does not assume any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statement  whether as a result of new information  future events  or any other reason. Additional information concerning risks and uncertainties affecting the business and other factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from any forward-looking statement is contained in the Company’s Annual Report. This press release does not constitute an offer or invitation for the sale or purchase of securities or assets of Oxurion in any jurisdiction. No securities of Oxurion may be offered or sold within the United States without registration under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933  as amended  or in compliance with an exemption therefrom  and in accordance with any applicable U.S. state securities laws.For further information please contact:Oxurion NVTom GraneyChief Executive OfficerTel: +32 16 75 13 10tom.graney@oxurion.comMichael DillenChief Business OfficerTel: +32 16 75 13 10michael.dillen@oxurion.comU SConway CommunicationsMary T. Conwaymtconway@conwaycommsir.com________1. Article 14  first paragraph  of the Law of 2 May 2007 on disclosure of major holdings.ANNEX 1Attachments,neutral,0.05,0.95,0.01,mixed,0.31,0.28,0.41,True,English,"['Atlas Special Opportunities LLC', 'Transparency Notification', 'Oxurion', 'applicable U.S. state securities laws', 'potent plasma kallikrein inhibitor', 'U.S. Securities Act', '7.00PM CET Oxurion NV', 'next generation standard', 'Atlas Special Opportunities', 'diabetic macular edema', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'potential new standard', 'Mary T. Conway', 'Belgian Transparency legislation1', 'clinical stage assets', 'Chief Business Officer', 'U S', 'vascular retinal disorders', 'Such forward-looking statements', 'Regulated Information Leuven', 'care ophthalmic therapies', 'voting securities', 'new information', 'Conway Communications', 'transparency notification', 'Euronext Brussels', 'leading cause', 'working-age people', 'other conditions', 'important role', 'successful development', 'novel therapeutic', 'suboptimal response', 'anti-VEGF therapy', 'corporate operations', 'More information', 'Important information', 'press release', 'current expectations', 'future events', 'other reason', 'Additional information', 'other factors', 'actual results', 'Annual Report', 'United States', 'first paragraph', 'major holdings', 'biopharmaceutical company', 'The Company', 'outstanding 1,937,849,876 shares', 'vision loss', 'various risks', 'Tom Graney', 'ANNEX 1 Attachments', 'Michael Dillen', 'DME patients', '94,063,545 shares', 'BELGIUM', 'Boston', 'August16', 'LLC', 'threshold', 'virtue', 'acquisition', 'treatment', 'THR-149', 'uncertainties', 'assurance', 'obligation', 'offer', 'invitation', 'sale', 'purchase', 'jurisdiction', 'registration', 'compliance', 'exemption', 'accordance', 'Tel', 'Article', '2 May', 'disclosure', '32']",2023-08-16,2023-08-17,marketscreener.com
29096,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/08/16/2726704/0/en/CBI-Cardiff-City-FC-sign-agreement-for-Football-At-AlphaVerse.html,CBI & Cardiff City FC sign agreement for Football At AlphaVerse,CBI & Cardiff City FC sign agreement for Football At AlphaVerse  Crypto Blockchain Industries (CBI) Announces Landmark Partnership with Cardiff City...,"CBI & Cardiff City FC sign agreement for Football At AlphaVerseCrypto Blockchain Industries (CBI) Announces Landmark Partnership with Cardiff City FC to Bring Innovative Virtual Experiences to Football FansParis  France – August 16th 2023 – – CRYPTO BLOCKCHAIN INDUSTRIES (CBI  Euronext Growth Paris : FR0014007LW0 - ALCBI)  a leading French company specializing in blockchain technology  video games  professional applications and selected crypto projects  is delighted to announce a strategic partnership with Cardiff City FC  a top-tier football club in the United Kingdom. This collaboration aims to develop a unique virtual world within CBI’s flagship ""Football at AlphaVerse"" project.Under this agreement  CBI will recreate a digital universe mirroring Cardiff City FC's ecosystem  allowing fans from across the globe to interact  stay informed  and relish in unparalleled experiences. This digital universe will include 3D renderings of iconic club landmarks like Cardiff City Stadium  with its impressive seating capacity  the Vale Resort training facility  and the vibrant city of Cardiff.In this immersive universe  fans will have the opportunity to explore various 3D spaces  interact with fellow fans  purchase digital assets  and access real-life products and services. The platform also aims to host exclusive virtual events  meetings and unique fan experiences  further enhancing the engagement of the global fanbase.""This venture with CBI will significantly transform how our fans experience Cardiff City FC "" said Ken Choo  Cardiff City FC Executive Director & CEO. ""We are thrilled to partner with a leading tech company like CBI that continually strives for innovation. This initiative will undoubtedly provide our global fans with a novel and interactive way to engage with the club.""Frédéric Chesnais  CEO of CBI  shared equal enthusiasm for the partnership  stating  ""We are honored to associate our experience to this great club. We eagerly anticipate harnessing the power of technology to drive innovation in the sports industry  enhance fan experience  and uphold the rich heritage of this great club and its supporters.""Both CBI and Cardiff City FC are committed to providing a unique and state-of-the-art platform that revolutionizes the way fans interact with their favorite club.Disclaimer :The realization of projects  as well as their operational budget and financing plan  are fundamentally subject to uncertainties  and the non-realization of underlying assumptions can have a significant impact on the value of assets and liabilities.ABOUT CRYPTO BLOCKCHAIN INDUSTRIESCrypto Blockchain Industries (CBI) is a French company that develops  operates  and invests in video games  professional applications  and selective projects related to blockchain  Non-Fungible Tokens (NFTs)  and cryptocurrencies. Founded by renowned video game industry entrepreneur and blockchain pioneer Frédéric Chesnais  CBI aims to develop and enhance a portfolio of blockchain activities spanning various sectors. CBI shares are listed on the E2 (public offering) group on the Euronext Growth market. For more information  visit www.cbicorp.io .ABOUT CARDIFF CITY FCCardiff City Football Club is a professional football club based in Cardiff  Wales. Known for its rich history and passionate fanbase  Cardiff City FC competes in the English Football League (EFL) Championship and has a wide-reaching global fanbase. For more information  visit www.cardiffcityfc.co.uk .ContactEmetteurCBIFrédéric CHESNAISPDGfredchesnais@cbicorp.iowww.cbicorp.io Sponsor ListingAtout CapitalRodolphe OSSOLArodolphe.ossola@atoutcapital.com Communication FinancièreCalyptusDarius Dinu+33 1 53 65 68 68cbi@calyptus.netAttachment",neutral,0.12,0.88,0.01,positive,0.8,0.19,0.01,True,English,"['Cardiff City FC', 'CBI', 'agreement', 'Football', 'AlphaVerse', 'renowned video game industry entrepreneur', 'Cardiff City FC Executive Director', 'Vale Resort training facility', 'Frédéric Chesnais', 'E2 (public offering) group', 'Cardiff City Football Club', 'Cardiff City Stadium', 'impressive seating capacity', 'exclusive virtual events', 'Euronext Growth market', 'Communication Financière', 'Innovative Virtual Experiences', 'leading tech company', 'iconic club landmarks', 'English Football League', 'unique virtual world', 'Crypto Blockchain Industries', 'leading French company', 'Euronext Growth Paris', 'various 3D spaces', 'io Sponsor Listing', 'top-tier football club', 'reaching global fanbase', 'unique fan experiences', 'professional football club', 'sports industry', 'vibrant city', 'video games', 'unparalleled experiences', '3D renderings', 'great club', 'favorite club', 'various sectors', 'crypto projects', 'blockchain pioneer', 'blockchain activities', 'professional applications', 'passionate fanbase', 'United Kingdom', 'digital universe', 'immersive universe', 'real-life products', 'Ken Choo', 'equal enthusiasm', 'rich heritage', 'operational budget', 'financing plan', 'underlying assumptions', 'significant impact', 'Non-Fungible Tokens', 'rich history', 'EFL) Championship', 'PDG fredchesnais', 'Atout Capital', 'Darius Dinu', 'blockchain technology', 'Football Fans', 'global fans', 'Landmark Partnership', 'strategic partnership', 'selective projects', 'digital assets', 'interactive way', 'art platform', 'fellow fans', 'cbicorp.io', 'CBI shares', 'Rodolphe OSSOLA', 'agreement', 'AlphaVerse', 'France', 'August', 'ALCBI', 'collaboration', 'flagship', 'ecosystem', 'globe', 'opportunity', 'services', 'meetings', 'engagement', 'venture', 'CEO', 'innovation', 'initiative', 'novel', 'power', 'supporters', 'Both', 'Disclaimer', 'realization', 'uncertainties', 'value', 'liabilities', 'NFTs', 'cryptocurrencies', 'portfolio', 'information', 'Wales', 'wide', 'cardiffcityfc', 'Contact', 'Emetteur', 'Calyptus', 'Attachment']",2023-08-16,2023-08-17,globenewswire.com
29097,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/RIBER-4786/news/Riber-Order-for-a-production-MBE-machine-in-Germany-44623582/,Riber: Order for a production MBE machine in Germany -Yesterday at 02:01 am,(marketscreener.com) Order for a production MBE machine in Germany Bezons   August 16  2023 – 8:00am – RIBER  the global leader for Molecular Beam Epitaxy equipment serving the semiconductor industry  is announcing a multi-million Euros order for a MBE 412 sy…,Order for a production MBE machine in GermanyBezons (France)  August16  2023 – 8:00am (CET) – RIBER  the global leader for Molecular Beam Epitaxy (MBE) equipment serving the semiconductor industry  is announcing a multi-million Euros order for a MBE 412 system.A German industrial customer has just ordered an automated MBE 412 machine to be used to produce optoelectronic devices. More specifically  this machine is designed to passivate laser facets  in particular GaAs-based quantum dot lasers  covering a wide range of applications: LiDAR  fiber-optic communication  cloud networking...The MBE 412 system is the most suitable 4-inch wafer MBE research and pilot production tool on the market for III-V and advanced materials. Its modularity enables both development and production of new products by easily integrating the various control instruments required. Developed some ten years ago  the MBE 412 has since enjoyed great success  with over 25 systems currently in operation worldwide.This order will be delivered in 2024.About RIBERRIBER is the global market leader for MBE - molecular beam epitaxy - equipment. It designs and produces equipment for the semiconductor industry and provides scientific and technical support for its clients (hardware and software)  maintaining their equipment and optimizing their performance and output levels.Accelerating the performance of electronics  RIBER’s equipment performs an essential role in the development of advanced semiconductor systems that are used in numerous applications  from information technologies to photonics (lasers  sensors  etc.)  5G telecommunications networks and research including the field of quantum computing.RIBER is a BPI France-approved innovative company and is listed on the Euronext Growth Paris market (ISIN: FR0000075954).www.riber.comContactsRIBER : Christian Dupont| tel: +33 (0)1 39 96 65 00 | invest@riber.comCALYPTUS : Cyril Combe | tel: +33 (0)1 53 65 68 68 | cyril.combe@calyptus.netAttachment,neutral,0.11,0.88,0.02,positive,0.7,0.29,0.01,True,English,"['production MBE machine', 'Riber', 'Order', 'Germany', 'Yesterday', '02', '01', 'suitable 4-inch wafer MBE research', 'BPI France-approved innovative company', 'Euronext Growth Paris market', 'GaAs-based quantum dot lasers', 'German industrial customer', 'various control instruments', '5G telecommunications networks', 'pilot production tool', 'Molecular Beam Epitaxy', 'The MBE 412 system', 'automated MBE 412 machine', 'multi-million Euros order', 'global market leader', 'production MBE machine', 'advanced semiconductor systems', 'global leader', 'quantum computing', 'advanced materials', 'semiconductor industry', 'optoelectronic devices', 'laser facets', 'wide range', 'fiber-optic communication', 'cloud networking', 'new products', 'great success', 'technical support', 'output levels', 'essential role', 'information technologies', 'Christian Dupont', 'Cyril Combe', 'MBE) equipment', 'numerous applications', '25 systems', 'Germany', 'Bezons', '8:00am', 'RIBER', 'particular', 'LiDAR', 'III-V', 'modularity', 'development', 'operation', 'scientific', 'clients', 'hardware', 'software', 'performance', 'electronics', 'photonics', 'sensors', 'field', 'Contacts', 'CALYPTUS', 'Attachment']",2023-08-16,2023-08-17,marketscreener.com
29098,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finbold.com/fundstrats-tom-lee-predicts-btc-above-150k-if-spot-bitcoin-etf-is-approved/,Fundstrat’s Tom Lee predicts BTC ‘above $150k’ if spot Bitcoin ETF is approved,Tom Lee  an American investor and financial expert  forecasts that the price of Bitcoin (BTC) will soar to unprecedented heights in the … ContinuedThe post Fundstrat’s Tom Lee predicts BTC ‘above $150k’ if spot Bitcoin ETF is approved appeared first on Finbo…,Tom Lee  an American investor and financial expert  forecasts that the price of Bitcoin (BTC) will soar to unprecedented heights in the near future  provided that the filings for a Bitcoin spot exchange-traded fund (ETF) with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) go as planned.The observation made by the Fundstrat analyst is timely  given that the flagship digital asset has been trading in a pattern that is virtually identical to sideways movement since the last week of June 2023. Speaking on CNBC’s Squawk Box on August 16  2023  Lee noted that BTC’s clearing price would be above $150 000 if things go as anticipated around the ETF filings. HNevertheless  he said that even in the event that the ETF does not get approval in the United States  the price of Bitcoin may still increase because of the Bitcoin Halving event  which is anticipated to take place in the first half of 2024. In such a scenario  Lee anticipated that the Bitcoin price might be pushed higher by the Halving event alone  but not past the $100 000.“If the Spot Bitcoin ETF gets approved  the demand would be greater than the supply of Bitcoin  so I think the clearing price of $BTC could be above $150 000 or even $180 000.”NEWS – Tom Lee of Fundstrat Tells CNBC “If Spot #Bitcoin ETF gets approved … Clearing price of $BTC is above $150K” 👀 pic.twitter.com/1KN7z8Ky5t — Simply Bitcoin (@SimplyBitcoinTV) August 16  2023Europe’s first Bitcoin ETF gets listedNotably  Fidelity Digital Assets — which specializes in solutions to institutional investors on the cryptocurrency market — was chosen by Jacobi Asset Management to custody Bitcoin (BTC) for the recently announced the first spot Bitcoin ETF in Europe.The novel asset is already listed and being exchanged under the ticker BCOIN at Euronext Amsterdam  with the last trading price of $19.89 at the time of publication.Meanwhile  Bitcoin is currently trading at $29 099  down a little over 1% in the last 24 hours  according to the latest market data retrieved via Finbold.com.Disclaimer: The content on this site should not be considered investment advice. Investing is speculative. When investing  your capital is at risk.,neutral,0.1,0.89,0.01,negative,0.01,0.4,0.59,True,English,"['Tom Lee', 'Bitcoin ETF', 'Fundstrat', 'BTC', 'spot', 'Bitcoin spot exchange-traded fund', 'Fidelity Digital Assets', 'flagship digital asset', 'Jacobi Asset Management', 'latest market data', 'United States Securities', 'Spot Bitcoin ETF', 'Spot #Bitcoin ETF', 'last trading price', 'Bitcoin Halving event', 'first Bitcoin ETF', 'first spot', 'novel asset', 'cryptocurrency market', 'last week', 'first half', 'last 24 hours', 'Simply Bitcoin', 'American investor', 'financial expert', 'unprecedented heights', 'near future', 'Exchange Commission', 'sideways movement', 'Squawk Box', 'institutional investors', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'Finbold.com', 'investment advice', 'Bitcoin price', 'clearing price', 'ETF filings', 'Tom Lee', 'Fundstrat analyst', 'BTC', 'observation', 'pattern', 'June', 'CNBC', 'August', 'things', 'approval', 'place', 'scenario', 'demand', 'supply', 'NEWS', 'KN7z8Ky5t', 'Europe', 'solutions', 'ticker', 'BCOIN', 'time', 'publication', 'Disclaimer', 'content', 'site', 'Investing', 'capital', 'risk']",2023-08-16,2023-08-17,finbold.com
29099,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/08/16/2726050/0/en/Riber-Order-for-a-production-MBE-machine-in-Germany.html,Riber: Order for a production MBE machine in Germany,Order for a production MBE machine in Germany  Bezons (France)  August 16  2023 – 8:00am (CET) – RIBER  the global leader for Molecular Beam Epitaxy...,Order for a production MBE machine in GermanyBezons (France)  August 16  2023 – 8:00am (CET) – RIBER  the global leader for Molecular Beam Epitaxy (MBE) equipment serving the semiconductor industry  is announcing a multi-million Euros order for a MBE 412 system.A German industrial customer has just ordered an automated MBE 412 machine to be used to produce optoelectronic devices. More specifically  this machine is designed to passivate laser facets  in particular GaAs-based quantum dot lasers  covering a wide range of applications: LiDAR  fiber-optic communication  cloud networking...The MBE 412 system is the most suitable 4-inch wafer MBE research and pilot production tool on the market for III-V and advanced materials. Its modularity enables both development and production of new products by easily integrating the various control instruments required. Developed some ten years ago  the MBE 412 has since enjoyed great success  with over 25 systems currently in operation worldwide.This order will be delivered in 2024.About RIBERRIBER is the global market leader for MBE - molecular beam epitaxy - equipment. It designs and produces equipment for the semiconductor industry and provides scientific and technical support for its clients (hardware and software)  maintaining their equipment and optimizing their performance and output levels.Accelerating the performance of electronics  RIBER’s equipment performs an essential role in the development of advanced semiconductor systems that are used in numerous applications  from information technologies to photonics (lasers  sensors  etc.)  5G telecommunications networks and research including the field of quantum computing.RIBER is a BPI France-approved innovative company and is listed on the Euronext Growth Paris market (ISIN: FR0000075954).www.riber.comContactsRIBER : Christian Dupont| tel: +33 (0)1 39 96 65 00 | invest@riber.comCALYPTUS : Cyril Combe | tel: +33 (0)1 53 65 68 68 | cyril.combe@calyptus.netAttachment,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,positive,0.7,0.29,0.01,True,English,"['production MBE machine', 'Riber', 'Order', 'Germany', 'suitable 4-inch wafer MBE research', 'BPI France-approved innovative company', 'Euronext Growth Paris market', 'GaAs-based quantum dot lasers', 'German industrial customer', 'various control instruments', '5G telecommunications networks', 'pilot production tool', 'Molecular Beam Epitaxy', 'The MBE 412 system', 'automated MBE 412 machine', 'multi-million Euros order', 'global market leader', 'production MBE machine', 'advanced semiconductor systems', 'global leader', 'quantum computing', 'advanced materials', 'semiconductor industry', 'optoelectronic devices', 'laser facets', 'wide range', 'fiber-optic communication', 'cloud networking', 'new products', 'great success', 'technical support', 'output levels', 'essential role', 'information technologies', 'Christian Dupont', 'Cyril Combe', 'MBE) equipment', 'numerous applications', '25 systems', 'Germany', 'Bezons', '8:00am', 'RIBER', 'particular', 'LiDAR', 'III-V', 'modularity', 'development', 'operation', 'scientific', 'clients', 'hardware', 'software', 'performance', 'electronics', 'photonics', 'sensors', 'field', 'Contacts', 'CALYPTUS', 'Attachment']",2023-08-16,2023-08-17,globenewswire.com
29100,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/COLRUYT-N-V-5976/news/Colruyt-N-Repurchase-treasury-shares-16-08-23-44623246/,Colruyt N : Repurchase treasury shares-16-08-23 -Yesterday at 01:07 am,(marketscreener.com)   PRESS RELEASE - Halle   16 August 2023 - 08h30 - Regulated information   Repurchase of treasury shares   Referring to article 7:215 § 1 of the Companies and Associations Code and article 8:4 of the Royal Decree of 29 April 2019 …,PRESS RELEASE - Halle (Belgium)  16 August 2023 - 08h30 - Regulated informationRepurchase of treasury sharesReferring to article 7:215 § 1 of the Companies and Associations Code and article 8:4 of the Royal Decree of 29 April 2019 in execution of the Companies and Associations Code  the Etn. Fr. Colruyt NV communicates that it has purchased in the period from 7 August 2023 to 11 August 2023 a total of 78.898 treasury shares at the regulated market Euronext Brussels  at an MTF or outside of an organised trading facility in accordance with applicable regulations.The Board of Directors of Colruyt Group has performed this purchase after having been so empowered by the extraordinary general meeting of 10 October 2019.As a result of these transactions the company holds a total of 7.614.742 treasury shares on 11 August 2023 or 5 68% of the total number of shares issued (i.e. 134.077.688).An overview of the repurchases of treasury shares since 1 July 2009  will be available on our website www.colruytgroup.comunder:Investors/Shareholders' information/Overview of capital and shares/Repurchase of shares.Overview of repurchases from 7 August 2023 to 11 August 2023Date of Trading Number Average Highest Lowest Total (EUR) purchase facility (1) of shares price (EUR) purchase purchase price (EUR) price (EUR) 07/08/2023 AQEU 795 34 2345 34 28 34 22 07/08/2023 CEUX 4.076 34 2583 34 33 34 22 07/08/2023 TQEX 681 34 2290 34 25 34 22 07/08/2023 XBRU 9.718 34 2449 34 33 34 16 07/08/2023 15.270 34 2472 522.954 74 08/08/2023 AQEU 610 34 1124 34 12 34 04 08/08/2023 CEUX 1.694 34 1015 34 23 34 00 08/08/2023 TQEX 1.411 34 0638 34 16 34 01 08/08/2023 XBRU 14.285 34 0725 34 33 33 98 08/08/2023 18.000 34 0759 613.366 20 09/08/2023 AQEU 522 34 4577 34 56 34 00 09/08/2023 CEUX 3.705 34 3780 34 60 34 00 09/08/2023 TQEX 887 34 2288 34 30 34 15 09/08/2023 XBRU 9.886 34 2693 34 60 33 97 09/08/2023 15.000 34 3003 514.504 50 10/08/2023 AQEU 574 34 7322 34 80 34 62 10/08/2023 CEUX 3.691 34 6911 34 83 34 61 10/08/2023 TQEX 931 34 6469 34 78 34 60 10/08/2023 XBRU 10.432 34 7008 34 87 34 57 10/08/2023 15.628 34 6964 542.235 34 11/08/2023 AQEU 430 34 9907 35 04 34 74 11/08/2023 CEUX 3.176 34 8689 35 06 34 60 11/08/2023 TQEX 1.235 34 7560 35 03 34 66 11/08/2023 XBRU 10.159 34 8666 35 07 34 59 11/08/2023 15.000 34 8615 522.922 50 General total 78.898 34 42 2.715.983 28,neutral,0.08,0.9,0.02,positive,0.69,0.29,0.02,True,English,"['Colruyt N', 'treasury shares', 'Repurchase', '01', 'Fr. Colruyt NV', 'extraordinary general meeting', 'organised trading facility', 'Highest Lowest Total', 'purchase purchase price', 'purchase facility', 'Colruyt Group', 'Trading Number', 'General total', 'shares price', 'PRESS RELEASE', 'Regulated information', 'Associations Code', 'Royal Decree', 'Euronext Brussels', 'applicable regulations', 'The Board', ""Shareholders' information"", 'total number', 'treasury shares', 'Halle', 'Belgium', '16 August', '08h30', 'Repurchase', 'article', 'Companies', '29 April', 'execution', 'Etn', 'period', '7 August', '11 August', 'market', 'MTF', 'accordance', 'Directors', '10 October', 'result', 'transactions', 'company', 'overview', '1 July', 'website', 'capital', 'Date', 'AQEU', 'CEUX', 'TQEX', 'XBRU']",2023-08-16,2023-08-17,marketscreener.com
29101,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/WOLTERS-KLUWER-6291/news/Wolters-Kluwer-survey-shows-U-S-pharmacies-face-headwinds-on-children-s-vaccinations-44629227/,Wolters Kluwer survey shows U.S. pharmacies face headwinds on children's vaccinations,(marketscreener.com) Strong acceptance for adult immunizations  but only 36% prefer pharmacies for children’s shotshttps://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/WOLTERS-KLUWER-6291/news/Wolters-Kluwer-survey-shows-U-S-pharmacies-face-headwinds-on-children-s-v…,Strong acceptance for adult immunizations  but only 36% prefer pharmacies for children’s shotsAugust is National Immunization Awareness Month (NIAM) in the U.S. and  as parents prepare to send their children back to school  routine immunization is a must-have to ensure a healthy start. Yet  while Americans increasingly turn to local pharmacies to get their adult vaccinations  many are sticking solely with primary care doctors or pediatricians for their children’s vaccines. That’s according to the results of the Pharmacy Next survey  commissioned by Wolters Kluwer Health  which found overall shifts away from primary care physicians for immunizations. One area  childhood vaccinations  bucks that trend  posing headwinds for pharmacies seeking to grow adoption of their immunization services.According to the survey  three in five American adults (62%) actually prefer a local pharmacy for their vaccines. This finding reflects a broader trend of growing trust in providers who are in non-traditional care settings like pharmacies  department stores  and grocery stores. Surprisingly  only one-quarter (26%) would stick with a traditional physician’s office.Primary care primacy for child and adolescent immunizationsPharmacy Next survey respondents painted a very different picture when asked about immunizations for children. Despite the added convenience and typically easier scheduling of immunizations at pharmacy clinics  over half of Americans (54%) say they would likely stick solely with a traditional physician’s office for children’s shots. Contrasting the broader preference for getting adult vaccinations at pharmacies (62%)  only 36% would choose a local pharmacy for children’s vaccines.“In the past 15 years  pharmacies have become a vital option for a continually increasing array of vaccinations—from flu shots to COVID boosters  to shingles  and many others ” explained Kristen Nichols  PharmD  BCPS  BCPPS  BCIDP  a Pharmacist and Senior Clinical Content Consultant for Clinical Effectiveness at Wolters Kluwer Health.Dr. Nichols adds: “A parent can have a years-long connection with their children’s pediatrician that is distinctly deeper than with other providers. That familiarity and trust is valuable  and that is evident in the continued preference for a traditional physician’s office. Parents might also have other concerns like ensuring a child’s medical record is complete and accurate when vaccinations take place in several locations. To allay this worry and promote adoption  parents should ask pharmacists to ensure vaccination records are shared with both the parents and the child's primary medical provider. If a parent brings a hard-copy immunization record  they should feel comfortable asking for it to be updated. Parents should also ask if their child’s vaccination will be documented in the state's immunization information system. This multi-pronged approach might put parents at ease knowing their children’s immunization care is coordinated.”Generations divided: adding children’s shots to the grocery list?Survey respondents were sharply divided over generational lines when it came to preferences for where to get child and adolescent vaccinations. Older generations  Gen X and Boomers  are more likely than Gen Z and Millennials to only opt for a traditional physician’s office when it comes to children’s shots (60% & 60% vs. 41% & 49%). Conversely  Gen Z and Millennials are more likely than Gen X and Boomers to take children to a grocery store retail clinic for vaccines (14% & 10% vs. 5% & 5%).Traditional doctor’s offices hold sway outside urban areasPreferences for vaccine venues also varied widely by where respondents lived. Those in suburban and rural areas are more likely to exclusively seek children’s vaccinations at a traditional physician’s office than those in urban areas (56% & 61% vs. 45%). Preference for urgent care clinics was stronger in urban and suburban areas versus rural areas (25% & 15% vs. 10%). And while interest in grocery stores and department stores was generally low for childhood immunization care  respondents in urban areas are more likely than those in suburban and rural ones to choose a grocery store (12% vs. 5% & 8%) or department store (7% vs. 3% & 3%).Explore more insights from Wolters Kluwer’s Pharmacy Next survey findings and analysis.Wolters Kluwer Health provides trusted clinical technology and evidence-based solutions that engage clinicians  patients  researchers and students in effective decision-making and outcomes across healthcare. The division of Wolters Kluwer supports clinical effectiveness  learning and research  clinical surveillance and compliance  as well as data solutions.About Wolters KluwerWolters Kluwer (EURONEXT: WKL) is a global leader in information  software  and services for professionals in healthcare  tax and accounting  financial and corporate compliance  legal and regulatory  and corporate performance and ESG. We help our customers make critical decisions every day by providing expert solutions that combine deep domain knowledge with specialized technology and services.Wolters Kluwer reported 2022 annual revenues of €5.5 billion. The group serves customers in over 180 countries  maintains operations in over 40 countries  and employs approximately 20 900 people worldwide. The company is headquartered in Alphen aan den Rijn  the Netherlands.For more information  visit www.wolterskluwer.com  follow us on LinkedIn  Twitter  Facebook  and YouTube.View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20230816653016/en/,neutral,0.02,0.91,0.08,mixed,0.53,0.33,0.15,True,English,"['Wolters Kluwer survey', 'U.S. pharmacies', 'headwinds', 'children', 'vaccinations', 'National Immunization Awareness Month', 'Senior Clinical Content Consultant', 'grocery store retail clinic', 'five American adults', 'deep domain knowledge', 'primary care doctors', 'primary care physicians', 'Primary care primacy', 'trusted clinical technology', 'primary medical provider', 'hard-copy immunization record', 'childhood immunization care', 'traditional care settings', 'urgent care clinics', 'Wolters Kluwer Health', 'immunization information system', 'Pharmacy Next survey', 'Next survey respondents', 'medical record', 'routine immunization', 'department store', 'Clinical Effectiveness', 'clinical surveillance', 'grocery stores', 'grocery list', 'immunization services', 'survey findings', 'traditional physician', 'Traditional doctor', 'Strong acceptance', 'U.S.', 'healthy start', 'overall shifts', 'One area', 'different picture', 'easier scheduling', 'past 15 years', 'vital option', 'increasing array', 'COVID boosters', 'many others', 'Kristen Nichols', 'Dr. Nichols', 'years-long connection', 'other concerns', 'several locations', 'multi-pronged approach', 'generational lines', 'Gen X', 'Gen Z', 'vaccine venues', 'evidence-based solutions', 'effective decision-making', 'data solutions', 'global leader', 'corporate performance', 'critical decisions', 'expert solutions', 'childhood vaccinations', 'local pharmacy', 'urban areas', 'broader preference', 'continued preference', 'rural areas', 'broader trend', 'growing trust', 'other providers', 'vaccination records', 'Older generations', 'corporate compliance', 'adult vaccinations', 'adult immunizations', 'flu shots', 'local pharmacies', 'suburban', 'children', 'August', 'NIAM', 'parents', 'school', 'Americans', 'pediatricians', 'vaccines', 'results', 'bucks', 'headwinds', 'adoption', 'three', 'one-quarter', 'office', 'convenience', 'half', 'PharmD', 'BCPS', 'BCPPS', 'BCIDP', 'Pharmacist', 'familiarity', 'place', 'worry', 'state', 'ease', 'preferences', 'Boomers', 'Millennials', 'interest', 'insights', 'analysis', 'clinicians', 'patients', 'researchers', 'students', 'outcomes', 'healthcare', 'division', 'learning', 'EURONEXT', 'WKL', 'software', 'professionals', 'tax', 'accounting', 'financial', 'legal', 'regulatory', 'ESG', 'customers', 'specialize', '4']",2023-08-16,2023-08-17,marketscreener.com
29102,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/08/16/2726032/0/en/BGHL-GBP-NAV-s.html,BGHL (GBP): NAV(s),BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED   Ordinary Shares  The Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding...,"BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary SharesThe Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for the Company.Close of business 15 Aug 2023.Estimated NAVEuro Shares Sterling Shares Estimated NAV € 26.5797 £ 23.5948 Estimated MTD return 0.90 % 0.96 % Estimated YTD return -4.28 % -3.40 % Estimated ITD return 165.80 % 135.95 %NAV and returns are calculated net of management and performance feesMarket informationEuro Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close € 23.60 N/A Premium/discount to estimated NAV -11.21 % N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close N/A GBX 2 050.00 Premium/discount to estimated NAV N/A -13.12 %Transactions in own securities purchased into treasuryOrdinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/A Range of Price N/A N/ALiquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/ABGHL CapitalBGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Shares Outstanding 12 296 208 126 294 Held in treasury N/A N/A Shares Issued 12 296 208 126 294Estimated BG Fund NAVClass B Euro Shares (estimated) € 235.0818 Class GBP A Shares (estimated) £ 126.0380The Class B Euro Shares of BG Fund are not subject to investment manager fees  as the Investment Manager receives management fees and performance fees in respect of its role as Investment Manager of BGHL.For further information please contact:Boussard & Gavaudan Investment Management  LLP.Emmanuel Gavaudan +44 (0) 20 3751 5389 Email : info@bgam-uk.comThe Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has received the necessary approval of the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and the States of Guernsey Policy Council. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.This is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Neither the Company nor BG Fund ICAV has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that:all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results;the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; andif you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.Attachment",neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,negative,0.01,0.27,0.72,True,English,"['BGHL', 'GBP', 'NAV', 'GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary Shares', 'The Class B Euro Shares', 'BGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares', 'A Liquidity Enhancement Agreement', 'A N/A Average Price', 'Euro Shares Sterling Shares', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam', 'treasury N/A N/A Shares', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'US Investment Company Act', 'Euro Shares Amsterdam', 'A N/A Range', 'Sterling Shares Shares', 'expert financial advice', 'Guernsey Policy Council', 'collective investment scheme', 'other professional advice', 'BG Fund ICAV', 'Gavaudan Investment Management', 'closed-ended investment company', 'UK Listing Authority', 'US Securities Act', 'investment manager fees', 'BG Fund NAV', 'The Shares', 'N/A GBX', 'Dutch Authority', 'Price N', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'US persons', 'Financial Markets', 'The Directors', 'The Company', 'investment performance', 'original investment', 'investment decision', 'performance fees', 'BGHL Capital', 'management fees', 'MTD return', 'YTD return', 'ITD return', 'financieel toezicht', 'Official List', 'applicable law', 'public offering', 'other jurisdiction', 'United States', 'following information', 'information purposes', 'necessary approval', 'main market', 'future results', 'listed securities', 'Market information', 'BOUSSARD', 'business', 'returns', 'AEX', 'LSE', 'Transactions', 'Number', 'respect', 'role', 'LLP.', 'Email', 'article', 'conjunction', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', 'mind', 'risk', 'past', 'guarantee', 'doubt', 'contents', 'communication', 'substitute', 'Attachment']",2023-08-16,2023-08-17,globenewswire.com
29103,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/BOUSSARD-GAVAUDAN-HOLDI-3840782/news/BGHL-GBP-NAV-s-44623390/,BGHL (GBP): NAV(s) -Yesterday at 01:31 am,(marketscreener.com)                                       BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary Shares The Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like...https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/BOUSSARD-GAVAUDAN-HOLDI-3840782/news/BG…,"BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary SharesThe Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for the Company.Close of business 15 Aug 2023.Estimated NAVEuro Shares Sterling Shares Estimated NAV € 26.5797 £ 23.5948 Estimated MTD return 0.90 % 0.96 % Estimated YTD return -4.28 % -3.40 % Estimated ITD return 165.80 % 135.95 %NAV and returns are calculated net of management and performance feesMarket informationEuro Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close € 23.60 N/A Premium/discount to estimated NAV -11.21 % N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close N/A GBX 2 050.00 Premium/discount to estimated NAV N/A -13.12 %Transactions in own securities purchased into treasuryOrdinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/A Range of Price N/A N/ALiquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/ABGHL CapitalBGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Shares Outstanding 12 296 208 126 294 Held in treasury N/A N/A Shares Issued 12 296 208 126 294Estimated BG Fund NAVClass B Euro Shares (estimated) € 235.0818 Class GBP A Shares (estimated) £ 126.0380The Class B Euro Shares of BG Fund are not subject to investment manager fees  as the Investment Manager receives management fees and performance fees in respect of its role as Investment Manager of BGHL.For further information please contact:Boussard & Gavaudan Investment Management  LLP.Emmanuel Gavaudan +44 (0) 20 3751 5389 Email : info@bgam-uk.comThe Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has received the necessary approval of the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and the States of Guernsey Policy Council. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.This is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Neither the Company nor BG Fund ICAV has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that:all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results;the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; andif you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.Attachment",neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,negative,0.01,0.27,0.72,True,English,"['NAV(s', 'BGHL', 'GBP', '01:31', 'GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary Shares', 'The Class B Euro Shares', 'BGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares', 'A Liquidity Enhancement Agreement', 'A N/A Average Price', 'Euro Shares Sterling Shares', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam', 'treasury N/A N/A Shares', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'US Investment Company Act', 'Euro Shares Amsterdam', 'A N/A Range', 'Sterling Shares Shares', 'expert financial advice', 'Guernsey Policy Council', 'collective investment scheme', 'other professional advice', 'BG Fund ICAV', 'Gavaudan Investment Management', 'closed-ended investment company', 'UK Listing Authority', 'US Securities Act', 'investment manager fees', 'BG Fund NAV', 'The Shares', 'N/A GBX', 'Dutch Authority', 'Price N', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'US persons', 'Financial Markets', 'The Directors', 'The Company', 'investment performance', 'original investment', 'investment decision', 'performance fees', 'BGHL Capital', 'management fees', 'MTD return', 'YTD return', 'ITD return', 'financieel toezicht', 'Official List', 'applicable law', 'public offering', 'other jurisdiction', 'United States', 'following information', 'information purposes', 'necessary approval', 'main market', 'future results', 'listed securities', 'Market information', 'BOUSSARD', 'business', 'returns', 'AEX', 'LSE', 'Transactions', 'Number', 'respect', 'role', 'LLP.', 'Email', 'article', 'conjunction', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', 'mind', 'risk', 'past', 'guarantee', 'doubt', 'contents', 'communication', 'substitute', 'Attachment']",2023-08-16,2023-08-17,marketscreener.com
29104,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/BOUSSARD-GAVAUDAN-HOLDI-36044/news/BGHL-EUR-NAV-s-44623388/,BGHL (EUR): NAV(s) -Yesterday at 01:31 am,(marketscreener.com)                                       BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary Shares The Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited...https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/BOUSSARD-GAVAUDAN-HOLDI-36044/news/BGHL-EUR-NAV-s-…,"BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary SharesThe Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for the Company.Close of business 15 Aug 2023.Estimated NAVEuro Shares Sterling Shares Estimated NAV € 26.5797 £ 23.5948 Estimated MTD return 0.90 % 0.96 % Estimated YTD return -4.28 % -3.40 % Estimated ITD return 165.80 % 135.95 %NAV and returns are calculated net of management and performance feesMarket informationEuro Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close € 23.60 N/A Premium/discount to estimated NAV -11.21 % N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close N/A GBX 2 050.00 Premium/discount to estimated NAV N/A -13.12 %Transactions in own securities purchased into treasuryOrdinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/A Range of Price N/A N/ALiquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/ABGHL CapitalBGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Shares Outstanding 12 296 208 126 294 Held in treasury N/A N/A Shares Issued 12 296 208 126 294Estimated BG Fund NAVClass B Euro Shares (estimated) € 235.0818 Class GBP A Shares (estimated) £ 126.0380The Class B Euro Shares of BG Fund are not subject to investment manager fees  as the Investment Manager receives management fees and performance fees in respect of its role as Investment Manager of BGHL.For further information please contact:Boussard & Gavaudan Investment Management  LLP.Emmanuel Gavaudan +44 (0) 20 3751 5389 Email : info@bgam-uk.comThe Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has received the necessary approval of the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and the States of Guernsey Policy Council. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.This is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Neither the Company nor BG Fund ICAV has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that:all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results;the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; andif you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.Attachment",neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,negative,0.01,0.27,0.72,True,English,"['BGHL', 'EUR', '01:31', 'GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary Shares', 'The Class B Euro Shares', 'BGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares', 'A Liquidity Enhancement Agreement', 'A N/A Average Price', 'Euro Shares Sterling Shares', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam', 'treasury N/A N/A Shares', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'US Investment Company Act', 'Euro Shares Amsterdam', 'A N/A Range', 'Sterling Shares Shares', 'expert financial advice', 'Guernsey Policy Council', 'collective investment scheme', 'other professional advice', 'BG Fund ICAV', 'Gavaudan Investment Management', 'closed-ended investment company', 'UK Listing Authority', 'US Securities Act', 'investment manager fees', 'BG Fund NAV', 'The Shares', 'N/A GBX', 'Dutch Authority', 'Price N', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'US persons', 'Financial Markets', 'The Directors', 'The Company', 'investment performance', 'original investment', 'investment decision', 'performance fees', 'BGHL Capital', 'management fees', 'MTD return', 'YTD return', 'ITD return', 'financieel toezicht', 'Official List', 'applicable law', 'public offering', 'other jurisdiction', 'United States', 'following information', 'information purposes', 'necessary approval', 'main market', 'future results', 'listed securities', 'Market information', 'BOUSSARD', 'business', 'returns', 'AEX', 'LSE', 'Transactions', 'Number', 'respect', 'role', 'LLP.', 'Email', 'article', 'conjunction', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', 'mind', 'risk', 'past', 'guarantee', 'doubt', 'contents', 'communication', 'substitute', 'Attachment']",2023-08-16,2023-08-17,marketscreener.com
29105,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/08/16/2726030/0/en/BGHL-EUR-NAV-s.html,BGHL (EUR): NAV(s),BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED      Ordinary Shares      The Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan...,"BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary SharesThe Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for the Company.Close of business 15 Aug 2023.Estimated NAVEuro Shares Sterling Shares Estimated NAV € 26.5797 £ 23.5948 Estimated MTD return 0.90 % 0.96 % Estimated YTD return -4.28 % -3.40 % Estimated ITD return 165.80 % 135.95 %NAV and returns are calculated net of management and performance feesMarket informationEuro Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close € 23.60 N/A Premium/discount to estimated NAV -11.21 % N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close N/A GBX 2 050.00 Premium/discount to estimated NAV N/A -13.12 %Transactions in own securities purchased into treasuryOrdinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/A Range of Price N/A N/ALiquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/ABGHL CapitalBGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Shares Outstanding 12 296 208 126 294 Held in treasury N/A N/A Shares Issued 12 296 208 126 294Estimated BG Fund NAVClass B Euro Shares (estimated) € 235.0818 Class GBP A Shares (estimated) £ 126.0380The Class B Euro Shares of BG Fund are not subject to investment manager fees  as the Investment Manager receives management fees and performance fees in respect of its role as Investment Manager of BGHL.For further information please contact:Boussard & Gavaudan Investment Management  LLP.Emmanuel Gavaudan +44 (0) 20 3751 5389 Email : info@bgam-uk.comThe Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has received the necessary approval of the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and the States of Guernsey Policy Council. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.This is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Neither the Company nor BG Fund ICAV has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that:all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results;the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; andif you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.Attachment",neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,negative,0.01,0.27,0.72,True,English,"['BGHL', 'EUR', 'NAV', 'GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary Shares', 'The Class B Euro Shares', 'BGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares', 'A Liquidity Enhancement Agreement', 'A N/A Average Price', 'Euro Shares Sterling Shares', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam', 'treasury N/A N/A Shares', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'US Investment Company Act', 'Euro Shares Amsterdam', 'A N/A Range', 'Sterling Shares Shares', 'expert financial advice', 'Guernsey Policy Council', 'collective investment scheme', 'other professional advice', 'BG Fund ICAV', 'Gavaudan Investment Management', 'closed-ended investment company', 'UK Listing Authority', 'US Securities Act', 'investment manager fees', 'BG Fund NAV', 'The Shares', 'N/A GBX', 'Dutch Authority', 'Price N', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'US persons', 'Financial Markets', 'The Directors', 'The Company', 'investment performance', 'original investment', 'investment decision', 'performance fees', 'BGHL Capital', 'management fees', 'MTD return', 'YTD return', 'ITD return', 'financieel toezicht', 'Official List', 'applicable law', 'public offering', 'other jurisdiction', 'United States', 'following information', 'information purposes', 'necessary approval', 'main market', 'future results', 'listed securities', 'Market information', 'BOUSSARD', 'business', 'returns', 'AEX', 'LSE', 'Transactions', 'Number', 'respect', 'role', 'LLP.', 'Email', 'article', 'conjunction', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', 'mind', 'risk', 'past', 'guarantee', 'doubt', 'contents', 'communication', 'substitute', 'Attachment']",2023-08-16,2023-08-17,globenewswire.com
29106,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://ambcrypto.com/delving-into-the-bitcoin-etf-saga-as-regulators-send-mixed-signals/,Delving into the Bitcoin ETF saga as regulators send mixed signals,Bitcoin ETF approvals are expected to get delayed in the U.S.A. However  Europe has taken a different approach.,The approval of BTC ETFs could get further delayed in America.In contrast  Europe approved its first spot BTC ETF  taking the lead in terms of crypto regulation.The U.S. SEC’s pending judgment on the Bitcoin[BTC] ETF proposals laid out by various institutions has kept traders on the edge of their seats. As U.S. regulation dawdles  Europe has given the crypto community some respite with its latest approval.Read Bitcoin’s Price Prediction 2023-2024Europe takes an optimistic approachDespite the uncertainty around ETF approvals in U.S.  Europe was more willing to give BTC a chance.London-based Jacobi Asset Management successfully launched Europe’s inaugural spot bitcoin ETF on Euronext Amsterdam. The ETF  named Jacobi FT Wilshere Bitcoin ETF  received approval from the Guernsey Financial Services Commission (GFSC).It will be traded using the ticker “BCOIN.” Fidelity Digital Assets ensured custody of the fund  while market-making operations are handled by Flow Traders.Originally approved in October 2021  Jacobi chose to delay its listing plans due to challenging crypto market conditions.The current state of affairs in AmericaRegulatory uncertainty still remains high in the U.S.A.In June  BlackRock submitted its Bitcoin ETF application to the SEC  stirring renewed investor interest. BlackRock later established a “surveillance-sharing agreement” with Coinbase  to potentially influence the SEC’s consideration of ETF applications.Surveillance-sharing agreements allow for the sharing of information about market trading activity  clearing activity  and customer identification  with little possibility of market manipulation.Apart from BlackRock  several companies including Valkyrie and Ark Invest have crypto ETF applications awaiting SEC review as well.What set Valkyrie’s application apart was the fact that the firm transformed their Bitcoin ETF into an ETF combining Bitcoin and Ether.However  the SEC is still unsure of the Bitcoin spot ETF. The approval for Ark Invest’s spot ETF was delayed by the SEC for another 21 days.The regulator has the authority to postpone all of these ETF applications for up to 240 days. And interestingly  no spot Bitcoin ETF has been approved in the U.S. so far. Only BTC futures-linked ETFs have gained acceptance.A hurdle for spot crypto ETF approval might be the investment’s nature. Unlike Bitcoin futures-linked ETFs  a spot BTC ETF involves direct Bitcoin investment within a fund  raising unique challenges.As a result  the SEC could extend Bitcoin ETF approval deadlines to early 2024. The SEC can utilize a maximum 240-day window to delay crypto ETF applications  potentially leading some companies to await decisions until March 2024 for filings submitted in July 2023.Possible impact on the marketIn a recent report  Bernstein  a brokerage firm  highlighted that crypto ETFs create demand in the spot market and signal regulatory approval  boosting retail and institutional flows seeking legitimacy.Analysts noted growing interest from global asset managers in bitcoin spot ETFs and potential solutions to address SEC objections  increasing the likelihood of approval.Bernstein predicted a significant spot bitcoin ETF market  reaching 10% of bitcoin’s market cap in two to three years. The brokerage expects cryptocurrency ETFs to gain from robust brand marketing by asset managers and distribution efforts by retail brokers and financial advisors.According to Bernstein  fresh capital for a new crypto cycle will come from a new stablecoin supply. But traditional asset tokenizations and ETFs will also play a big role. The report pointed out that on-chain assets stayed in a $40 billion range this year. On the other hand  circulating stablecoins reached approximately $120 billion.State of BitcoinAccording to Santiment’s data  Bitcoin maintained a steady price range at $29 400  displaying notable performance compared to equities markets such as the S&P500 this August. This departure from correlation  initiated in mid-July  has historically brought positive implications for crypto prices.Bitcoin’s ability to maintain stability amidst market fluctuations carries various implications. Firstly  its resilience bolsters investor confidence  potentially attracting heightened participation and investment from traders.Moreover  the positive sentiment generated by Bitcoin’s performance could contribute to enhanced liquidity in the cryptocurrency sphere  streamlining buying  selling  and trading processes.Is your portfolio green? Check out the Bitcoin Profit CalculatorAdditionally  regulatory considerations could be influenced by Bitcoin’s sustained resilience  challenging preconceived notions of volatility and speculative nature.Traders turn bearishDespite these factors  traders turned pessimistic. This was indicated by the rising put-to-call ratio which implied that many traders were betting that BTC’s prices may decline further in the near future. Investors may be adjusting their strategies to hedge against market volatility or to capitalize on potential downward price movements.,neutral,0.05,0.92,0.04,negative,0.01,0.29,0.7,True,English,"['Bitcoin ETF saga', 'mixed signals', 'regulators', 'significant spot bitcoin ETF market', 'two to three years', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'potential downward price mo', 'London-based Jacobi Asset Management', 'first spot BTC ETF', 'inaugural spot bitcoin ETF', 'Bitcoin[BTC] ETF proposals', 'Bitcoin ETF approval deadlines', 'spot crypto ETF approval', 'The U.S. SEC', 'maximum 240-day window', 'robust brand marketing', 'new stablecoin supply', 'traditional asset tokenizations', 'new crypto cycle', 'Bitcoin spot ETF', 'Fidelity Digital Assets', 'global asset managers', 'steady price range', 'U.S.A.', 'Bitcoin Profit Calculator', 'crypto market conditions', 'crypto ETF applications', 'U.S. regulation', 'BTC futures-linked ETFs', 'Bitcoin futures-linked ETFs', 'Bitcoin ETF application', 'direct Bitcoin investment', 'market trading activity', 'spot market', 'crypto regulation', 'Price Prediction', 'potential solutions', 'financial advisors', 'crypto ETFs', 'ETF approvals', 'BTC ETFs', 'The SEC', 'crypto community', 'S&P500', 'chain assets', '$40 billion range', 'trading processes', 'market manipulation', 'market cap', 'market fluctuations', 'cryptocurrency ETFs', 'crypto prices', 'pending judgment', 'various institutions', 'latest approval', 'optimistic approach', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'market-making operations', 'listing plans', 'investor interest', 'surveillance-sharing agreement', 'customer identification', 'little possibility', 'Ark Invest', 'unique challenges', 'Possible impact', 'regulatory approval', 'institutional flows', 'growing interest', 'distribution efforts', 'fresh capital', 'big role', 'other hand', 'circulating stablecoins', 'equities markets', 'positive implications', 'various implications', 'investor confidence', 'positive sentiment', 'cryptocurrency sphere', 'regulatory considerations', 'preconceived notions', 'call ratio', 'near future', 'market volatility', 'SEC review', 'SEC objections', 'current state', 'Regulatory uncertainty', 'several companies', 'recent report', 'retail brokers', 'notable performance', 'sustained resilience', 'speculative nature', 'Flow Traders', 'many traders', 'brokerage firm', 'America', 'contrast', 'Europe', 'lead', 'terms', 'edge', 'seats', 'respite', 'chance', 'GFSC', 'ticker', 'BCOIN', 'custody', 'fund', 'October', 'challenging', 'affairs', 'June', 'BlackRock', 'renewed', 'Coinbase', 'information', 'Valkyrie', 'fact', 'Ether', '21 days', 'authority', '240 days', 'acceptance', 'hurdle', 'result', 'decisions', 'March', 'filings', 'July', 'Bernstein', 'demand', 'signal', 'legitimacy', 'Analysts', 'likelihood', 'Santiment', 'data', 'departure', 'correlation', 'ability', 'heightened', 'participation', 'liquidity', 'buying', 'selling', 'portfolio', 'rising', 'Investors', 'strategies']",2023-08-16,2023-08-17,ambcrypto.com
29107,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/BPER-BANCA-S-P-A-76152/news/Stock-markets-down-before-Eurozone-GDP-and-employment-data-44625327/,Stock markets down before Eurozone GDP and employment data,(marketscreener.com) On Wednesday  major European stock markets confirmed market expectations and opened in negative territory ahead of macro data on the Eurozone  with Tuesday's stronger-than-expected U.S. retail sales data also fueling fears that the Federa…,"(Alliance News) - On Wednesday  major European stock markets confirmed market expectations and opened in negative territory ahead of macro data on the Eurozone  with Tuesday's stronger-than-expected U.S. retail sales data also fueling fears that the Federal Reserve may keep interest rates higher for a longer period  possibly hurting economic growth and reducing energy demand in the world's top oil consumer.Meanwhile  industry data showed that U.S. crude oil inventories fell by about 6.2 million barrels last week  exceeding forecasts of a 2.3 million barrel drop.Thus  the FTSE Mib is down 0.9 percent to 28 179.05  the Mid-Cap gives up 0.5 percent to 41 796.84  the Small-Cap is in fractional green at 26 919.51  as is Italy Growth at 8 919.20.In Europe  Paris' CAC 40 is down 0.2 percent  as is Frankfurt's DAX  while London's FTSE 100 is in the red by 0.1 percent.On the main index in Piazza Affari  Monte dei Paschi di Siena continues to hold the lead by rising 3.2 percent after closing ahead of everyone on Monday  in the green by 6.3 percent.Good buys also on BPER Banca  up 0.7 percent  and Banco BPM  up 0.5 percent.Tenaris is flat after announcing that it has entered into a definitive agreement to acquire from Mattr 100 percent of the shares of its subsidiary Bredero Shaw International  which holds control of the pipe coating business worth USD166 million including working capital  on a cash-free and debt-free basis  subject to customary price adjustments.The board of directors of Unipol -- in the green by 0.2 percent -- announced Friday morning that it had approved the consolidated results as of June 30  reporting a half-year closed with a consolidated profit of EUR517 million  down more than 24 percent from the consolidated net profit of EUR684 million in the corresponding period last year  reported under previous accounting standards and on which were reflected extraordinary items of some EUR279 million related to the pro-rata consolidation of BPER Banca's results.At the bottom is CNH Industrial  down 2.7 percent  along with Stellantis also of the Agnelli Galaxy  which gives up 1.0 percent.Also down is Saipem  which leaves 1.8% on the parterre.On the Mid-Cap  Juventus gives up 0.9%. The company announced that it has reached an agreement with AS Monaco Football Club for the outright sale of the rights to the sports performance of footballer Denis Lemi Zakaria Lako Lado for a consideration of EUR20 million  payable in four financial years.UnipolSai also continues to do well after the accounts  whereby the company reported Friday that it closed the first half of the year with a profit up 2.0 percent to EUR431 million from EUR422 million in the same period last year.In contrast  net income for the first half of 2022  calculated using other IFFRS 4 and IAS 39 parameters  was EUR176 million.Direct insurance premiums rose to EUR7.47 billion from EUR6.63 billion  with non-life premiums rising to EUR4.32 billion from EUR4.15 billion and life premiums increasing to EUR3.14 billion from EUR2.48 billion in the same period last year.Topping the list are Ascopiave and Piaggio  up 2.1 percent and 1.7 percent  respectively. At the bottom is MutuiOnline  up 2.8 percent.On the Small-Cap segment  Autostrade Meridionali gives up 0.9 percent after posting a minus 6.2 percent Friday evening  subject to profit taking after two sessions in which it accumulated assets of more than 16 percent. The company made it known Friday that  with reference to the recent stock market performance of its stock  it is not aware of any elements that could justify the upward changes that have occurred in the stock market since the end of July.Servizi Italia--up 1.5 percent--reported Thursday that it closed the first half of the year with increased revenues and profits compared to the same period last year.The company's revenues increased to EUR143.8 million from EUR134.0 million in the first half of 2022. Revenues from washroom services-which in absolute terms accounted for 74.9 percent of the group's revenues-increased to EUR107.7 million from EUR101.8 million in the first six months of 2022  supported by robust growth in washroom Italy.Among SMEs  Ecosuntek rises 2.9 percent after clarifying Monday that subsidiary Eco Trade ""is already equipped with the necessary own resources to acquire the approximately 45 percent stake in +Energia Spa.Before the closing  however  Eco Trade may consider the possibility of using a specific transaction with the banking system that takes into account a proper Debt/Equity ratio.Vantea SMART -- in the green by 2.3 percent -- announced Friday that it has initiated a new buyback plan.Comal picks up 0.6 percent  after letting Integrae SIM know Friday that it has notified Integrae SIM of its exercise of its right to terminate its Euronext Growth Advisor and specialist contracts.In Asia  the Nikkei gave up 1.5 percent to 31 766.82  the Hang Seng is leaving 1.4 percent on the sidelines at 18 315.58  while the Shanghai Composite closed 0.8 percent in the red at 3 150.13.In New York on Tuesday  the Dow Jones closed down 1.0 percent to 34 946.39  the S&P gave up 1.2 percent to 4 437.86  while the Nasdaq left the floor 1.1 percent to 13 631.05.Among currencies  the euro changed hands at USD1.0922 versus USD1.0904 in Tuesday's closing European equities while the pound was worth USD1.2736 from USD1.2703 Tuesday evening.Among commodities  Brent crude is worth USD84.52 per barrel versus USD84.95 per barrel at Tuesday night's close. Gold  on the other hand  trades at USD1 934.05 an ounce from USD1 935.20 an ounce Tuesday night.Wednesday's economic calendar calls for the release of Eurozone GDP and industrial production at 1100 CEST.At 1300 CEST  from the US comes the mortgage market report  at 1515 CEST the industrial production figure is released  and at 1630 CEST the crude oil stocks figureAt 2000 CEST  however  the minutes of the FOMC meeting will be released.Among companies  no particular announcements are scheduled.By Claudia Cavaliere  Alliance News reporterComments and questions to redazione@alliancenews.comCopyright 2023 Alliance News IS Italian Service Ltd. All rights reserved.",neutral,0.02,0.93,0.05,mixed,0.49,0.1,0.41,True,English,"['Stock markets', 'Eurozone GDP', 'employment data', 'footballer Denis Lemi Zakaria Lako Lado', 'U.S. crude oil inventories', 'U.S. retail sales data', 'Monte dei Paschi di', 'AS Monaco Football Club', 'major European stock markets', 'recent stock market performance', 'top oil consumer', 'Bredero Shaw International', 'pipe coating business', 'customary price adjustments', 'previous accounting standards', 'four financial years', 'proper Debt/Equity ratio', '2.3 million barrel drop', 'new buyback plan', 'Direct insurance premiums', 'Euronext Growth Advisor', 'first six months', 'subsidiary Eco Trade', 'macro data', 'industry data', 'sports performance', 'market expectations', '6.2 million barrels', 'New York', 'non-life premiums', 'economic growth', 'Italy Growth', 'robust growth', 'first half', 'Alliance News', 'negative territory', 'Federal Reserve', 'interest rates', 'longer period', 'energy demand', ""Paris' CAC"", 'main index', 'Piazza Affari', 'Good buys', 'BPER Banca', 'Banco BPM', 'working capital', 'debt-free basis', 'corresponding period', 'extraordinary items', 'pro-rata consolidation', 'CNH Industrial', 'Agnelli Galaxy', 'outright sale', 'same period', 'net income', 'other IFFRS 4', 'IAS 39 parameters', 'Autostrade Meridionali', 'two sessions', 'upward changes', 'Servizi Italia', 'washroom services', 'absolute terms', 'washroom Italy', '+Energia Spa', 'specific transaction', 'banking system', 'Vantea SMART', 'Integrae SIM', 'specialist contracts', 'Hang Seng', 'Shanghai Composite', 'FTSE Mib', 'definitive agreement', 'consolidated results', 'consolidated profit', 'net profit', 'Small-Cap segment', 'fractional green', 'rising 3.2 percent', 'minus 6.2 percent', '45 percent stake', 'FTSE 100', '0.5 percent', '0.1 percent', '6.3 percent', '100 percent', '0.2 percent', '24 percent', '1.0 percent', '1.7 percent', '0.9 percent', '16 percent', '74.9 percent', '2.3 percent', '0.6 percent', '1.5 percent', '1.4 percent', 'Wednesday', 'Eurozone', 'Tuesday', 'fears', 'world', 'forecasts', 'Mid-Cap', 'Frankfurt', 'DAX', 'London', 'Siena', 'lead', 'everyone', 'Monday', 'Tenaris', 'Mattr', 'shares', 'control', 'cash-free', 'board', 'directors', 'Unipol', 'June', 'bottom', 'Stellantis', 'Saipem', 'parterre', 'Juventus', 'company', 'rights', 'consideration', 'accounts', 'contrast', 'Ascopiave', 'Piaggio', 'MutuiOnline', 'assets', 'reference', 'elements', 'end', 'July', 'revenues', 'profits', 'group', 'SMEs', 'Ecosuntek', 'necessary', 'resources', 'closing', 'possibility', 'Comal', 'exercise', 'Asia', 'Nikkei', 'sidelines', '2.1', '8']",2023-08-16,2023-08-17,marketscreener.com
29108,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/BPER-BANCA-S-P-A-76152/news/Stock-exchanges-mixed-after-macro-Eurozone-GDP-rises-44626714/,Stock exchanges mixed after macro; Eurozone GDP rises,(marketscreener.com) On Wednesday  major European stock markets traded mixed in mid-morning trading just after the release of data on Eurozone industrial production  which rose again on a monthly basis in June. In detail  Eurozone industrial production rose 0…,"(Alliance News) - On Wednesday  major European stock markets traded mixed in mid-morning trading just after the release of data on Eurozone industrial production  which rose again on a monthly basis in June.In detail  Eurozone industrial production rose 0.5 percent on a monthly basis in June after remaining unchanged in May.On a year-over-year basis  June's 1.2 percent decline followed a 2.5 percent drop in the previous month.Thus  the FTSE Mib is down 0.3 percent to 28 337.34  the Mid-Cap is up 0.1 percent to 42 049.70  the Small-Cap is in the green 0.3 percent to 26 996.26  and Italy Growth is in fractional green at 8 920.89.In Europe  Paris' CAC 40 is up 0.1 percent  as is Frankfurt's DAX  while London's FTSE 100 is in the red by 0.1 percent.In other macroeconomic news also from the Eurozone  the economy grew more slowly than in the previous quarter in the first three months of the year.Eurozone Gross Domestic Product rose 0.3 percent in the second quarter on a quarterly basis after rising 0.5 percent in the first three months of the year.On an annual basis  the economy grew 1.5 percent from the 1.6 percent increase in the first quarter.As for the labor market  the number of employed people increased by 0.2 percent in both the euro area and the EU in the second quarter compared to the previous quarter. In the first quarter  employment had increased by 0.5 percent in both areas.From Germany  manufacturing employment remained flat on a monthly basis in June  as it has been since April  but increased on an annual basis in June  the country's Federal Statistical Office said Wednesday.Manufacturing employment increased 1.2 percent year-on-year in June  up 68 600  but has not changed on a monthly basis since April  the statistical office said.On the main index in Piazza Affari  Monte dei Paschi di Siena continues to hold the lead by rising 1.7 percent after closing ahead of everyone on Monday  in the green by 6.3 percent.Good buys also on BPER Banca  up 1.1 percent  Fineco  in the green by 0.9 percent  and Banco BPM  up 0.7 percent.Tenaris is in the red by 0.5% after announcing that it has entered into a definitive agreement to acquire from Mattr 100% of the shares of its subsidiary Bredero Shaw International  which holds control of the pipe coating business valued at USD166 million including working capital  on a cash-free and debt-free basis  subject to customary price adjustments.The board of directors of Unipol -- in the green by 0.1 percent -- announced Friday morning that it had approved the consolidated results as of June 30  reporting a half-year closed with a consolidated profit of EUR517 million  down more than 24 percent from the consolidated net profit of EUR684 million in the corresponding period last year  reported under previous accounting standards and on which were reflected extraordinary items of some EUR279 million related to the pro-rata consolidation of BPER Banca's result.At the bottom is CNH Industrial  down 3.5 percent  along with Stellantis also of the Agnelli Galaxy  which gives up 1.2 percent.Also down is Saipem  which leaves 1.8% on the parterre.On the Mid-Cap  Juventus rises 0.5 percent. The club announced that it has reached an agreement with AS Monaco Football Club for the outright sale of the rights to the sports performance of footballer Denis Lemi Zakaria Lako Lado for a consideration of EUR20 million  payable in four financial years.UnipolSai also continues to do well -- up 0.3 percent -- after the accounts  for which the company reported Friday that it closed the first half of the year with a profit up 2.0 percent to EUR431 million from EUR422 million in the same period a year earlier.In contrast  net income for the first half of 2022  calculated using other IFFRS 4 and IAS 39 parameters  was EUR176 million.Direct insurance premiums rose to EUR7.47 billion from EUR6.63 billion  with non-life premiums rising to EUR4.32 billion from EUR4.15 billion and life premiums increasing to EUR3.14 billion from EUR2.48 billion in the same period last year.Topping the list are El.En. and Antares Vison  up 2.6 percent and 1.5 percent  respectively. At the bottom is MutuiOnline  down 2.1 percent.On the small-cap segment  Autostrade Meridionali gives up 0.6 percent. The company said Friday that  with reference to the recent stock market performance of its stock  it is not aware of any elements that could justify the upward changes that have occurred on the stock market since the end of July.Servizi Italia--flat at EUR1.34 per share--reported Thursday that it ended the first half of the year with increased revenues and profits compared to the same period last year.The company's revenues increased to EUR143.8 million from EUR134.0 million in the first half of 2022. Revenues from washroom services-which in absolute terms accounted for 74.9 percent of the group's revenues-increased to EUR107.7 million from EUR101.8 million in the first six months of 2022  supported by robust growth in washroom Italy.Among SMEs  Ecosuntek rises 2.7 percent after clarifying Monday that subsidiary Eco Trade ""is already equipped with the necessary own resources to acquire the approximately 45 percent stake in +Energia Spa.Before the closing  however  Eco Trade may consider the possibility of using a specific transaction with the banking system that takes into account a proper Debt/Equity ratio.Vantea SMART - in the green by 0.8 percent - announced Friday that it has initiated a new buyback plan.Comal is unchanged at EUR3.48 per share  after letting Integrae SIM know Friday that it has notified Integrae SIM of its exercise of its right to terminate its Euronext Growth Advisor and specialist contracts.In Asia  the Nikkei gave up 1.5 percent to 31 766.82  the Hang Seng lost 1.4 percent to 18 329.30  and the Shanghai Composite closed 0.8 percent in the red to 3 150.13.In New York on Tuesday  the Dow Jones closed down 1.0 percent to 34 946.39  the S&P gave up 1.2 percent to 4 437.86  while the Nasdaq left the parter 1.1 percent to 13 631.05.Among currencies  the euro changed hands at USD1.0926 versus USD1.0904 in Tuesday's European equities close while the pound was instead worth USD1.2761 from USD1.2703 Tuesday evening.Among commodities  Brent crude is worth USD84.83 per barrel versus USD84.95 per barrel at Tuesday night's close. Gold  on the other hand  trades at USD1 937.45 an ounce from USD1 935.20 an ounce Tuesday night.Wednesday's economic calendar includes at 1300 CEST  from the US  comes the mortgage market report  at 1515 CEST the industrial production figure is released  and at 1630 CEST the crude oil stocks figureInstead  at 2000 CEST the minutes of the FOMC meeting will be released.By Claudia Cavaliere  Alliance News reporterComments and questions to redazione@alliancenews.comCopyright 2023 Alliance News IS Italian Service Ltd. All rights reserved.",neutral,0.03,0.95,0.02,positive,0.96,0.04,0.0,True,English,"['Stock exchanges', 'Eurozone GDP', 'macro', 'footballer Denis Lemi Zakaria Lako Lado', 'Monte dei Paschi di Siena', 'major European stock markets', 'Eurozone Gross Domestic Product', 'AS Monaco Football Club', 'recent stock market performance', 'Bredero Shaw International', 'pipe coating business', 'customary price adjustments', 'four financial years', 'Eurozone industrial production', 'first three months', 'Direct insurance premiums', 'first six months', 'previous accounting standards', 'other macroeconomic news', 'Federal Statistical Office', 'sports performance', 'labor market', 'CNH Industrial', 'Alliance News', 'other IFFRS 4', 'first quarter', 'first half', 'non-life premiums', 'previous month', 'previous quarter', 'mid-morning trading', 'monthly basis', 'Italy Growth', ""Paris' CAC"", 'second quarter', 'quarterly basis', 'annual basis', 'euro area', 'main index', 'Piazza Affari', 'Good buys', 'BPER Banca', 'Banco BPM', 'working capital', 'debt-free basis', 'consolidated results', 'corresponding period', 'extraordinary items', 'pro-rata consolidation', 'Agnelli Galaxy', 'outright sale', 'same period', 'net income', 'IAS 39 parameters', 'El.En', 'Antares Vison', 'Autostrade Meridionali', 'upward changes', 'Servizi Italia', 'washroom services', 'absolute terms', 'robust growth', 'washroom Italy', 'manufacturing employment', 'consolidated profit', 'net profit', 'FTSE Mib', 'definitive agreement', 'small-cap segment', '1.2 percent decline', '2.5 percent drop', '1.6 percent increase', 'rising 1.7 percent', 'fractional green', 'year basis', 'FTSE 100', '0.1 percent', '0.2 percent', '0.5 percent', '6.3 percent', '0.9 percent', '24 percent', '2.6 percent', '1.5 percent', '0.6 percent', '74.9 percent', 'green 0.3', 'Wednesday', 'release', 'data', 'June', 'detail', 'May', 'Mid-Cap', 'Frankfurt', 'DAX', 'London', 'economy', 'number', 'people', 'areas', 'Germany', 'April', 'country', 'lead', 'everyone', 'Monday', 'Fineco', 'Tenaris', 'Mattr', 'shares', 'subsidiary', 'control', 'cash-free', 'board', 'directors', 'Unipol', 'bottom', 'Stellantis', 'Saipem', 'parterre', 'Juventus', 'rights', 'consideration', 'accounts', 'company', 'contrast', 'list', 'MutuiOnline', 'reference', 'elements', 'end', 'July', 'revenues', 'profits', 'group', 'SMEs', 'Ecosuntek', '2.0']",2023-08-16,2023-08-17,marketscreener.com
29109,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.irishtimes.com/business/2023/08/16/british-law-firm-simmons-simmons-signs-lease-for-new-dublin-office-with-potential-to-double-workforce/,International law firm Simmons & Simmons signs lease for new Dublin office  with potential to double workforce,Law firm has signed lease for fourth floor of One Molesworth Street  which will be able to accommodate 120 employees over time,Rachel Stanton  country head of the Irish office for British law firm Simmons & Simmons  alongside her predecessor in the role  Fionán Breathnach  at the time of her appointment in November 2022. File photograph: MaxwellsLondon-headquartered law firm Simmons & Simmons is gearing up to expand its presence in the Irish market  signing a lease on a new office that will give it the capacity to double its workforce here.The firm  which has 55 employees  is planning to relocate to One Molesworth Street  near Leinster House in central Dublin. It has been based at Grand Canal Dock since 2019  having opened in Dublin in May 2018.The 13 100sq ft office is located on the fourth floor and will have the potential to accommodate 120 staff  the firm said.Challenging times ahead for Irish Stock Exchange as big companies look to the US Listen | 43:24Simmons said the move was designed to meet “increasing demand” for its services and “offers significant room for further expansion of the firm’s business in Ireland”.READ MORE“We are delighted to have secured this superb office space in a key location where we will be in proximity to a number of our significant clients. It also offers a modern and collaborative environment that will enable our team to continue to thrive ” said Rachel Stanton  country head of Simmons’s Irish office.The move will take effect in May 2024 with the lease due to run until 2038.Lead counselSimmons specialises in asset management and funds  healthcare and life sciences and telecoms  media and technology. In May  the firm said that it had acted as lead counsel on Irish deals valued at more than €1 billion since the start of 2023.In the past 12 months  the firm has advised Waystone on its acquisition of Link Fund Solutions  assisted Euronext Brussels-listed Aedifica on its acquisition  development  and leasing of 19 elderly care homes for over €500 million  advised Nasdaq-listed Flex on its $540 million merger with Anord Mardix Group  and assisted TMF Group on its acquisition of Goodbody Fund Management.The firm was founded in London in 1896 by twin brothers Percy and Edward Simmons. It opened its first international office in Brussels in 1962 and now operates from 22 offices globally  opening in the US for the first time last year with a base in Silicon Valley. It has 320 partners and 2 400 employees.,neutral,0.05,0.95,0.01,positive,0.97,0.03,0.0,True,English,"['International law firm', 'new Dublin office', 'Simmons', 'lease', 'potential', 'workforce', 'Fionán Breathnach', 'One Molesworth Street', 'Grand Canal Dock', 'Link Fund Solutions', 'Euronext Brussels-listed Aedifica', '19 elderly care homes', '13,100sq ft office', 'superb office space', 'Anord Mardix Group', 'Goodbody Fund Management', 'Irish Stock Exchange', 'first international office', 'British law firm', 'London-headquartered law firm', 'Irish office', 'new office', 'asset management', 'TMF Group', 'Irish market', 'Irish deals', 'Rachel Stanton', 'country head', 'File photograph', 'Leinster House', 'fourth floor', 'Challenging times', 'big companies', 'increasing demand', 'significant room', 'key location', 'significant clients', 'collaborative environment', 'Lead counsel', 'life sciences', 'past 12 months', 'Nasdaq-listed Flex', '$540 million merger', 'twin brothers', 'first time', 'Silicon Valley', 'central Dublin', 'US Listen', 'Edward Simmons', 'predecessor', 'role', 'appointment', 'November', 'Maxwells', 'presence', 'lease', 'capacity', 'workforce', '55 employees', 'May', 'potential', '120 staff', 'move', 'services', 'offers', 'expansion', 'business', 'Ireland', 'READ', 'proximity', 'number', 'modern', 'team', 'effect', 'funds', 'healthcare', 'telecoms', 'media', 'technology', 'start', 'Waystone', 'acquisition', 'development', 'Percy', '22 offices', 'base', '320 partners', '2,400 employees']",2023-08-16,2023-08-17,irishtimes.com
29110,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/08/16/2726696/0/en/Volta-Finance-Limited-Net-Asset-Value-as-at-31-July-2023.html,Volta Finance Limited - Net Asset Value as at 31 July 2023,Volta Finance Limited (VTA / VTAS) – July 2023 monthly report    NOT FOR RELEASE  DISTRIBUTION  OR PUBLICATION  IN WHOLE OR PART  IN OR INTO THE UNITED......,"Volta Finance Limited (VTA / VTAS) – July 2023 monthly reportNOT FOR RELEASE  DISTRIBUTION  OR PUBLICATION  IN WHOLE OR PART  IN OR INTO THE UNITED STATES*****Guernsey  16 August 2023AXA IM has published the Volta Finance Limited (the “Company” or “Volta Finance” or “Volta”) monthly report for June 2023. The full report is attached to this release and will be available on Volta’s website shortly (www.voltafinance.com).PERFORMANCE and PORTFOLIO ACTIVITYJuly saw further performance for the CLO asset class as a whole  leading to +3.82% performance for Volta.Looking at Volta over the last 12 months  the performance is +12.8% through its financial year. This was mainly driven by the carry of the CLO asset class (c.92% of Volta’s assets excluding cash)  both from strong CLO Equity distributions as well as from the continued increase in base rates (Euribor and Libor/SOFR) for CLO debt tranches. Overall  macro sentiment was supportive through July with US and European central banks providing more dovish outlook as headline inflations tempered at the same time as GDP proved more resilient than expected. This supported risky assets including leverage loans as well as CLO.Volta’s underlying sub asset classes monthly performances** were as follow: +1.3% for Bank Balance Sheet transactions  +5.6% for CLO Equity tranches  +4.7% for CLO Debt tranches and 8.9% for Cash Corporate Credit and ABS (which represent slightly less than 2.0% of the fund’s NAV). This month again  being long USD against Euro was detrimental to the performance and contributed to circa -0.4% of the monthly performance.From a market activity perspective  YTD CLO primary issuance is still down c.25% in the US and c.20% in Europe. From this point  we expect September to be more active as the spread compression continues during the summer (albeit not at the AAA level) and resets of some 2022 deals start to be in the money. We also expect more calls of old US CLO that have already been amortizing over the last year given the current rally in the loan market and the absence of ability for the CLO manager to reinvest proceeds in discounted loans or to participate in restructurings.In July  loan default rates continued their upward trajectory (reaching 1.75% in the US and 1.5% in Europe according to Morningstar at the end of July) but were still below historical averages. Downgrades followed the same trend  leading to an expectation of c.10% of CCC assets in the US leverage loan index by year end according to BofA.Regarding Volta’s portfolio  as expected  CLO Equity distributions increased in July by 13% compared to April this year  contributing to the largest 6-month rolling cashflow generation for Volta since 2021 (€25.3m). Given more loan prepayments expected forward and corporates required to refinance loans due to mature in 2025  we view this level of cashflow generation still slightly increasing over the next 6 months.Through the month  we purchased 1 additional BB position for €2.25m (target IRR of c.12%) and invested c.€0.8m into the European CLO warehouse we have in place.As of end of July 2023  Volta’s NAV was €236.0m  i.e. €6.45 per share.*It should be noted that approximately 1.51% of Volta’s GAV comprises investments for which the relevant NAVs as at the month-end date are normally available only after Volta’s NAV has already been published. Volta’s policy is to publish its NAV on as timely a basis as possible to provide shareholders with Volta’s appropriately up-to-date NAV information. Consequently  such investments are valued using the most recently available NAV for each fund or quoted price for such subordinated notes. The most recently available fund NAV or quoted price was 1.08% as at 30 June 2023  0.43% as at 31 March 2023.** “performances” of asset classes are calculated as the Dietz-performance of the assets in each bucket  taking into account the Mark-to-Market of the assets at period ends  payments received from the assets over the period  and ignoring changes in cross-currency rates. Nevertheless  some residual currency effects could impact the aggregate value of the portfolio when aggregating each bucket.CONTACTSFor the Investment ManagerAXA Investment Managers ParisFrançois Touatifrancois.touati@axa-im.com+33 (0) 1 44 45 80 22Company Secretary and AdministratorBNP Paribas S.A  Guernsey Branchguernsey.bp2s.volta.cosec@bnpparibas.com+44 (0) 1481 750 853Corporate BrokerCenkos Securities plcAndrew WorneDaniel Balabanoff+44 (0) 20 7397 8900*****ABOUT VOLTA FINANCE LIMITEDVolta Finance Limited is incorporated in Guernsey under The Companies (Guernsey) Law  2008 (as amended) and listed on Euronext Amsterdam and the London Stock Exchange's Main Market for listed securities. Volta’s home member state for the purposes of the EU Transparency Directive is the Netherlands. As such  Volta is subject to regulation and supervision by the AFM  being the regulator for financial markets in the Netherlands.Volta’s Investment objectives are to preserve its capital across the credit cycle and to provide a stable stream of income to its Shareholders through dividends that it expects to distribute on a quarterly basis. The Company currently seeks to achieve its investment objectives by pursuing exposure predominantly to CLO’s and similar asset classes. A more diversified investment strategy across structured finance assets may be pursued opportunistically. The Company has appointed AXA Investment Managers Paris an investment management company with a division specialised in structured credit  for the investment management of all its assets.*****ABOUT AXA INVESTMENT MANAGERSAXA Investment Managers (AXA IM) is a multi-expert asset management company within the AXA Group  a global leader in financial protection and wealth management. AXA IM is one of the largest European-based asset managers with 2 623 professionals and €817 billion in assets under management as of the end of September 2022.*****This press release is published by AXA Investment Managers Paris (“AXA IM”)  in its capacity as alternative investment fund manager (within the meaning of Directive 2011/61/EU  the “AIFM Directive”) of Volta Finance Limited (the ""Volta Finance"") whose portfolio is managed by AXA IM.This press release is for information only and does not constitute an invitation or inducement to acquire shares in Volta Finance. Its circulation may be prohibited in certain jurisdictions and no recipient may circulate copies of this document in breach of such limitations or restrictions. This document is not an offer for sale of the securities referred to herein in the United States or to persons who are “U.S. persons” for purposes of Regulation S under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the “Securities Act”)  or otherwise in circumstances where such offer would be restricted by applicable law. Such securities may not be sold in the United States absent registration or an exemption from registration from the Securities Act. Volta Finance does not intend to register any portion of the offer of such securities in the United States or to conduct a public offering of such securities in the United States.*****This communication is only being distributed to and is only directed at (i) persons who are outside the United Kingdom or (ii) investment professionals falling within Article 19(5) of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Financial Promotion) Order 2005 (the “Order”) or (iii) high net worth companies  and other persons to whom it may lawfully be communicated  falling within Article 49(2)(a) to (d) of the Order (all such persons together being referred to as “relevant persons”). The securities referred to herein are only available to  and any invitation  offer or agreement to subscribe  purchase or otherwise acquire such securities will be engaged in only with  relevant persons. Any person who is not a relevant person should not act or rely on this document or any of its contents. Past performance cannot be relied on as a guide to future performance.*****This press release contains statements that are  or may deemed to be  ""forward-looking statements"". These forward-looking statements can be identified by the use of forward-looking terminology  including the terms ""believes""  ""anticipated""  ""expects""  ""intends""  ""is/are expected""  ""may""  ""will"" or ""should"". They include the statements regarding the level of the dividend  the current market context and its impact on the long-term return of Volta Finance's investments. By their nature  forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties and readers are cautioned that any such forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance. Volta Finance's actual results  portfolio composition and performance may differ materially from the impression created by the forward-looking statements. AXA IM does not undertake any obligation to publicly update or revise forward-looking statements.Any target information is based on certain assumptions as to future events which may not prove to be realised. Due to the uncertainty surrounding these future events  the targets are not intended to be and should not be regarded as profits or earnings or any other type of forecasts. There can be no assurance that any of these targets will be achieved. In addition  no assurance can be given that the investment objective will be achieved.The figures provided that relate to past months or years and past performance cannot be relied on as a guide to future performance or construed as a reliable indicator as to future performance. Throughout this review  the citation of specific trades or strategies is intended to illustrate some of the investment methodologies and philosophies of Volta Finance  as implemented by AXA IM. The historical success or AXA IM’s belief in the future success  of any of these trades or strategies is not indicative of  and has no bearing on  future results.The valuation of financial assets can vary significantly from the prices that the AXA IM could obtain if it sought to liquidate the positions on behalf of the Volta Finance due to market conditions and general economic environment. Such valuations do not constitute a fairness or similar opinion and should not be regarded as such.Editor: AXA INVESTMENT MANAGERS PARIS  a company incorporated under the laws of France  having its registered office located at Tour Majunga  6  Place de la Pyramide - 92800 Puteaux. AXA IMP is authorized by the Autorité des Marchés Financiers under registration number GP92008 as an alternative investment fund manager within the meaning of the AIFM Directive.*****Attachment",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.1,0.16,0.75,True,English,"['Volta Finance Limited', 'Net Asset Value', '31 July', 'largest 6-month rolling cashflow generation', 'Bank Balance Sheet transactions', 'BNP Paribas S.A', 'YTD CLO primary issuance', 'underlying sub asset classes', 'strong CLO Equity distributions', 'AXA Investment Managers Paris', 'US leverage loan index', 'CLO Equity tranches', 'European central banks', '1 additional BB position', 'residual currency effects', 'François Touati', 'London Stock Exchange', 'home member state', 'EU Transparency Directive', 'CLO asset class', 'CLO debt tranches', 'European CLO warehouse', 'Cenkos Securities plc', 'loan default rates', 'old US CLO', 'Volta Finance Limited', 'Cash Corporate Credit', 'market activity perspective', 'July 2023 monthly report', 'AXA IM', 'CLO manager', 'loan market', 'loan prepayments', 'leverage loans', 'Investment objectives', 'Corporate Broker', 'listed securities', 'credit cycle', 'full report', 'base rates', 'cross-currency rates', 'UNITED STATES', 'last 12 months', 'financial year', 'continued increase', 'macro sentiment', 'dovish outlook', 'headline inflations', 'same time', 'spread compression', 'last year', 'current rally', 'upward trajectory', 'historical averages', 'same trend', 'next 6 months', 'target IRR', 'relevant NAVs', 'subordinated notes', 'aggregate value', 'Andrew Worne', 'Daniel Balabanoff', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'Main Market', 'financial markets', 'monthly performances', 'discounted loans', 'AAA level', 'month-end date', 'period ends', 'Company Secretary', 'Guernsey Branch', 'The Companies', 'Guernsey) Law', 'risky assets', 'CCC assets', 'year end', 'NAV information', '+3.82% performance', 'VTA', 'RELEASE', 'WHOLE', 'PART', '16 August', 'June', 'website', 'carry', 'Euribor', 'Libor/SOFR', 'GDP', 'ABS', 'less', 'fund', 'point', 'September', 'summer', 'resets', '2022 deals', 'money', 'calls', 'ability', 'proceeds', 'restructurings', 'Morningstar', 'Downgrades', 'expectation', 'BofA.', 'portfolio', 'April', 'corporates', 'place', 'share', 'GAV', 'investments', 'policy', 'timely', 'basis', 'price', '31 March', 'Dietz-performance', 'bucket', 'account', 'changes', 'CONTACTS', 'Administrator', 'purposes', 'Netherlands', 'regulation', 'supervision', 'AFM', 'regulator', 'capital', '44']",2023-08-16,2023-08-17,globenewswire.com
29111,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/VOLTA-FINANCE-LIMITED-39050/news/Volta-Finance-Limited-Net-Asset-Value-as-at-31-July-2023-44630590/,Volta Finance Limited - Net Asset Value as at 31 July 2023,(marketscreener.com) Volta Finance Limited – July 2023 monthly report NOT FOR RELEASE  DISTRIBUTION  OR PUBLICATION  IN WHOLE OR PART  IN OR INTO THE UNITED STATES    Attachment  Volta - Monthly Report July   https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock…,"Volta Finance Limited (VTA / VTAS) –July2023 monthly reportNOT FOR RELEASE  DISTRIBUTION  OR PUBLICATION  IN WHOLE OR PART  IN OR INTO THE UNITED STATES*****Guernsey  16August2023AXA IM has published the Volta Finance Limited (the “Company” or “Volta Finance” or “Volta”) monthly report for June 2023. The full report is attached to this release and will be available on Volta’s website shortly (www.voltafinance.com).PERFORMANCE and PORTFOLIO ACTIVITYJuly saw further performance for the CLO asset class as a whole  leading to +3.82% performance for Volta.Looking at Volta over the last 12 months  the performance is +12.8% through its financial year. This was mainly driven by the carry of the CLO asset class (c.92% of Volta’s assets excluding cash)  both from strong CLO Equity distributions as well as from the continued increase in base rates (Euribor and Libor/SOFR) for CLO debt tranches. Overall  macro sentiment was supportive through July with US and European central banks providing more dovish outlook as headline inflations tempered at the same time as GDP proved more resilient than expected. This supported risky assets including leverage loans as well as CLO.Volta’s underlying sub asset classes monthly performances** were as follow: +1.3% for Bank Balance Sheet transactions  +5.6% for CLO Equity tranches  +4.7% for CLO Debt tranches and 8.9% for Cash Corporate Credit and ABS (which represent slightly less than 2.0% of the fund’s NAV). This month again  being long USD against Euro was detrimental to the performance and contributed to circa -0.4% of the monthly performance.From a market activity perspective  YTD CLO primary issuance is still down c.25% in the US and c.20% in Europe. From this point  we expect September to be more active as the spread compression continues during the summer (albeit not at the AAA level) and resets of some 2022 deals start to be in the money. We also expect more calls of old US CLO that have already been amortizing over the last year given the current rally in the loan market and the absence of ability for the CLO manager to reinvest proceeds in discounted loans or to participate in restructurings.In July  loan default rates continued their upward trajectory (reaching 1.75% in the US and 1.5% in Europe according to Morningstar at the end of July) but were still below historical averages. Downgrades followed the same trend  leading to an expectation of c.10% of CCC assets in the US leverage loan index by year end according to BofA.Regarding Volta’s portfolio  as expected  CLO Equity distributions increased in July by 13% compared to April this year  contributing to the largest 6-month rolling cashflow generation for Volta since 2021 (€25.3m). Given more loan prepayments expected forward and corporates required to refinance loans due to mature in 2025  we view this level of cashflow generation still slightly increasing over the next 6 months.Through the month  we purchased 1 additional BB position for €2.25m (target IRR of c.12%) and invested c.€0.8m into the European CLO warehouse we have in place.As of end of July 2023  Volta’s NAV was €236.0m  i.e. €6.45 per share.*It should be noted that approximately 1.51% of Volta’s GAV comprises investments for which the relevant NAVs as at the month-end date are normally available only after Volta’s NAV has already been published. Volta’s policy is to publish its NAV on as timely a basis as possible to provide shareholders with Volta’s appropriately up-to-date NAV information. Consequently  such investments are valued using the most recently available NAV for each fund or quoted price for such subordinated notes. The most recently available fund NAV or quoted price was1.08% as at 30 June 2023  0.43% as at 31March 2023.** “performances” of asset classesare calculated as the Dietz-performance of the assets in each bucket  taking into account the Mark-to-Market of the assets at period ends  payments received from the assets over the period  and ignoring changes in cross-currency rates. Nevertheless  some residual currency effects could impact the aggregate value of the portfolio when aggregating each bucket.CONTACTSFor the Investment ManagerAXA Investment Managers ParisFrançois Touatifrancois.touati@axa-im.com+33 (0) 1 44 45 80 22Company Secretary and AdministratorBNP Paribas S.A  Guernsey Branchguernsey.bp2s.volta.cosec@bnpparibas.com+44 (0) 1481 750 853Corporate BrokerCenkos Securities plcAndrew WorneDaniel Balabanoff+44 (0) 20 7397 8900*****ABOUT VOLTA FINANCE LIMITEDVolta Finance Limited is incorporated in Guernsey under The Companies (Guernsey) Law  2008 (as amended) and listed on Euronext Amsterdam and the London Stock Exchange's Main Market for listed securities. Volta’s home member state for the purposes of the EU Transparency Directive is the Netherlands. As such  Volta is subject to regulation and supervision by the AFM  being the regulator for financial markets in the Netherlands.Volta’s Investment objectives are to preserve its capital across the credit cycle and to provide a stable stream of income to its Shareholders through dividends that it expects to distribute on a quarterly basis. The Company currently seeks to achieve its investment objectives by pursuing exposure predominantly to CLO’s and similar asset classes. A more diversified investment strategy across structured finance assets may be pursued opportunistically. The Company has appointed AXA Investment Managers Paris an investment management company with a division specialised in structured credit  for the investment management of all its assets.*****ABOUT AXA INVESTMENT MANAGERSAXA Investment Managers (AXA IM) is a multi-expert asset management company within the AXA Group  a global leader in financial protection and wealth management. AXA IM is one of the largest European-based asset managers with 2 623 professionals and €817 billion in assets under management as of the end of September 2022.*****This press release is published by AXA Investment Managers Paris (“AXA IM”)  in its capacity as alternative investment fund manager (within the meaning of Directive 2011/61/EU  the “AIFM Directive”) of Volta Finance Limited (the ""Volta Finance"") whose portfolio is managed by AXA IM.This press release is for information only and does not constitute an invitation or inducement to acquire shares in Volta Finance. Its circulation may be prohibited in certain jurisdictions and no recipient may circulate copies of this document in breach of such limitations or restrictions. This document is not an offer for sale of the securities referred to herein in the United States or to persons who are “U.S. persons” for purposes of Regulation S under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the “Securities Act”)  or otherwise in circumstances where such offer would be restricted by applicable law. Such securities may not be sold in the United States absent registration or an exemption from registration from the Securities Act. Volta Finance does not intend to register any portion of the offer of such securities in the United States or to conduct a public offering of such securities in the United States.*****This communication is only being distributed to and is only directed at (i) persons who are outside the United Kingdom or (ii) investment professionals falling within Article 19(5) of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Financial Promotion) Order 2005 (the “Order”) or (iii) high net worth companies  and other persons to whom it may lawfully be communicated  falling within Article 49(2)(a) to (d) of the Order (all such persons together being referred to as “relevant persons”). The securities referred to herein are only available to  and any invitation  offer or agreement to subscribe  purchase or otherwise acquire such securities will be engaged in only with  relevant persons. Any person who is not a relevant person should not act or rely on this document or any of its contents. Past performance cannot be relied on as a guide to future performance.*****This press release contains statements that are  or may deemed to be  ""forward-looking statements"". These forward-looking statements can be identified by the use of forward-looking terminology  including the terms ""believes""  ""anticipated""  ""expects""  ""intends""  ""is/are expected""  ""may""  ""will"" or ""should"". They include the statements regarding the level of the dividend  the current market context and its impact on the long-term return of Volta Finance's investments. By their nature  forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties and readers are cautioned that any such forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance. Volta Finance's actual results  portfolio composition and performance may differ materially from the impression created by the forward-looking statements. AXA IM does not undertake any obligation to publicly update or revise forward-looking statements.Any target information is based on certain assumptions as to future events which may not prove to be realised. Due to the uncertainty surrounding these future events  the targets are not intended to be and should not be regarded as profits or earnings or any other type of forecasts. There can be no assurance that any of these targets will be achieved. In addition  no assurance can be given that the investment objective will be achieved.The figures provided that relate to past months or years and past performance cannot be relied on as a guide to future performance or construed as a reliable indicator as to future performance. Throughout this review  the citation of specific trades or strategies is intended to illustrate some of the investment methodologies and philosophies of Volta Finance  as implemented by AXA IM. The historical success or AXA IM’s belief in the future success  of any of these trades or strategies is not indicative of  and has no bearing on  future results.The valuation of financial assets can vary significantly from the prices that the AXA IM could obtain if it sought to liquidate the positions on behalf of the Volta Finance due to market conditions and general economic environment. Such valuations do not constitute a fairness or similar opinion and should not be regarded as such.Editor: AXA INVESTMENT MANAGERS PARIS  a company incorporated under the laws of France  having its registered office located at Tour Majunga  6  Place de la Pyramide - 92800 Puteaux. AXA IMP is authorized by the Autorité des Marchés Financiers under registration number GP92008 as an alternative investment fund manager within the meaning of the AIFM Directive.*****Attachment",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.16,0.19,0.66,True,English,"['Volta Finance Limited', 'Net Asset Value', '31 July', 'largest 6-month rolling cashflow generation', 'Bank Balance Sheet transactions', 'BNP Paribas S.A', 'underlying sub asset classes', 'YTD CLO primary issuance', 'strong CLO Equity distributions', 'AXA Investment Managers Paris', 'US leverage loan index', 'CLO Equity tranches', 'European central banks', '1 additional BB position', 'residual currency effects', 'François Touati', 'London Stock Exchange', 'home member state', 'EU Transparency Directive', 'CLO asset class', 'CLO debt tranches', 'European CLO warehouse', 'Cenkos Securities plc', 'loan default rates', 'old US CLO', 'July2023 monthly report', 'Volta Finance Limited', 'Cash Corporate Credit', 'market activity perspective', 'AXA IM', 'asset classesare', 'CLO manager', 'loan market', 'loan prepayments', 'leverage loans', 'Investment objectives', 'Corporate Broker', 'listed securities', 'credit cycle', 'full report', 'base rates', 'cross-currency rates', 'UNITED STATES', 'last 12 months', 'financial year', 'continued increase', 'macro sentiment', 'dovish outlook', 'headline inflations', 'same time', 'spread compression', 'last year', 'current rally', 'upward trajectory', 'historical averages', 'same trend', 'next 6 months', 'target IRR', 'relevant NAVs', 'subordinated notes', 'aggregate value', 'Andrew Worne', 'Daniel Balabanoff', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'Main Market', 'financial markets', 'monthly performances', 'discounted loans', 'AAA level', 'month-end date', 'period ends', 'Company Secretary', 'Guernsey Branch', 'The Companies', 'Guernsey) Law', 'risky assets', 'CCC assets', 'year end', 'NAV information', '+3.82% performance', 'VTA', 'RELEASE', 'WHOLE', 'PART', 'June', 'website', 'carry', 'Euribor', 'Libor/SOFR', 'GDP', 'ABS', 'less', 'fund', 'point', 'September', 'summer', 'resets', '2022 deals', 'money', 'calls', 'ability', 'proceeds', 'restructurings', 'Morningstar', 'Downgrades', 'expectation', 'BofA.', 'portfolio', 'April', 'corporates', 'place', 'share', 'GAV', 'investments', 'policy', 'timely', 'basis', 'price', '31March', 'Dietz-performance', 'bucket', 'account', 'changes', 'CONTACTS', 'Administrator', 'purposes', 'Netherlands', 'regulation', 'supervision', 'AFM', 'regulator', 'capital', 'stabl', '44']",2023-08-16,2023-08-17,marketscreener.com
29112,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/IPSEN-5137/news/US-FDA-approves-Ipsen-s-SohonosTM-palovarotene-capsules-the-first-and-only-treatment-for-people-w-44631498/,US FDA approves Ipsen's SohonosTM (palovarotene) capsules  the first and only treatment for people with fibrodysplasia ossificans progressiva,(marketscreener.com) Breakthrough treatment reduces new  abnormal bone formation in soft and connective tissues  in people living with ultra-rare bone disease  fibrodysplasia ossificans progressiva FOP impacts about 400 people in the U.S.  it leads to progres…,"Breakthrough treatment reduces new  abnormal bone formation in soft and connective tissues  in people living with ultra-rare bone disease  fibrodysplasia ossificans progressiva (FOP)FOP impacts about 400 people in the U.S.  it leads to progressive mobility loss  severely limits quality of life and shortens median life expectancy to 56 yearsSohonosTM may be prescribed immediately in the U.S. for eligible patients  aged 8 years and older for females and 10 years and older for malesPARIS  FRANCE  16 August 2023 – Ipsen (Euronext: IPN; ADR: IPSEY) announced today approval by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) of Sohonos™ (palovarotene) capsules as a retinoid indicated for the reduction in volume of new heterotopic ossification in adults and pediatric patients aged 8 years and older for females and 10 years and older for males with fibrodysplasia ossificans progressiva (FOP).“The FDA approval of Sohonos is a breakthrough for the U.S. FOP community. For the first time doctors have an approved medicine available to them  shown to reduce the formation of new  abnormal bone growth  known as heterotopic ossification (HO)  which causes debilitating mobility challenges and has a devastating impact on the lives of people with FOP ” said Howard Mayer  Head of Research and Development  Ipsen. “Development of medicines for rare diseases takes commitment and belief from everyone involved. We at Ipsen are sincerely grateful to the FOP community of patients and medical experts  as the first-ever treatment in the U.S. for managing FOP would not be possible without their participation in the clinical trials and ongoing support.”FOP impacts the lives of an estimated 400 people in the U.S. and 900 people globally.1 2 As the disease continuously progresses with flare-up episodes causing rapid bone growth  HO severely restricts mobility and function.3 4 Most people living with FOP inevitably lose the ability to eat and drink on their own  cannot provide selfcare or use the restroom themselves  and are unable to maintain employment.5 By the age of 30 years old  the majority of people with FOP require a wheelchair and full-time caregiver assistance.3 6 The management of FOP has previously been limited to palliative care and ultimately  FOP shortens the median life expectancy to 56 years  untimely death is often caused by bone formation around the ribcage leading to breathing problems and cardiorespiratory failure  or falls resulting in fractures or head injuries because joint ankylosis prevents bracing from a fall.7“FOP is life-altering to the individuals diagnosed and their families. There’s not a day that goes by where those impacted don’t worry about the debilitating physical pain of muscle that is replaced by bone  another joint locking or the relentless emotional toll of losing the ability to do an activity they love  or hold a loved one close "" explained Michelle Davis  Executive Director of International FOP Association. ""The first treatment for FOP has been proven to reduce the volume of new abnormal bone growth  which may result in better health outcomes for people living with FOP.”The FDA approval is based on the pivotal efficacy and safety data from the Phase III MOVE trial  the first and largest multicenter  open-label trial in adult and pediatric patients. The 18-month data published in the Journal of Bone and Mineral Research 8 included 107 patients (12 percent of the estimated number of individuals worldwide living with FOP) who received oral palovarotene compared with untreated individuals from Ipsen’s global FOP Natural History Study.9 The study results demonstrated palovarotene effectively reduced annualized heterotopic ossification volume compared with no treatment beyond standard of care  (54% reduction with weighted linear mixed effect model).8 The study also demonstrated that palovarotene has a well-characterized safety profile  with adverse events consistent with the systemic retinoid class. The most common treatment emergent adverse reactions reported in the study were mucocutaneous events such as dry skin  lip dryness  alopecia  drug eruption  rash  and pruritus and musculoskeletal events such as arthralgia and premature growth plate closure in growing children. 8“As a clinician caring for patients with FOP  I personally see the daily challenges and stresses that our patients and their families must contend with ” said Dr Edward Hsiao  Professor of Medicine  Division of Endocrinology and Metabolism  University of California  San Francisco. “The published Phase III MOVE study showed that Sohonos can decrease new heterotopic ossification  and that palovarotene can be tolerated by many patients with FOP. Sohonos is not for everyone. As with all medicines there are risks in this case especially for young children who may develop early growth plate closure. In addition  Sohonos has the same side effects as other retinoids  including dryness of the skin and mucus membranes. However  since the accumulation of HO in FOP is progressive  irreversible  and life altering  this medication is an important treatment option for our FOP community.”Sohonos  the first and only treatment for FOPSohonos is an oral medicine with particular selectivity for the gamma subtype of retinoic-acid receptors  which are an important regulator of skeletal development and ectopic bone in the retinoid signaling pathway. The medicine is designed to mediate the interactions between the receptors  growth factors and proteins within the retinoid signaling pathway to reduce new abnormal bone formation in FOP. The recommended dosing for Sohonos includes a chronic daily dosage of 5 mg (or weight-based equivalent for pediatric patients under 14 years of age)  which can be modified/increased for flare-up symptoms. Sohonos may be prescribed immediately in the U.S. for eligible patients.To ensure access to Sohonos for eligible individuals in the U.S.  Ipsen Cares patient support program is available as a resource to people living with FOP and their caregivers to provide educational support and address coverage  access and reimbursement questions (1-866-435-5677).Sohonos received Orphan Drug and Breakthrough Therapy Designations from the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) for the treatment of FOP and was granted Priority Review of the New Drug Application (NDA). Sohonos  under the generic name palovarotene  is also under review with a number of other regulatory authorities. In July 2023  the European Commission did not grant marketing authorization for palovarotene. SohonosTM (palovarotene capsules) is currently authorized for use in eligible patients in U.S.  Canada 10 and with a conditional approval in the United Arab Emirates.With this approval the FDA also issued a Rare Pediatric Disease Priority Review Voucher (PRV). The voucher can be used for subsequent drug applications that would not qualify for a priority review.Important Sohonos Safety InformationWARNING: EMBRYO-FETAL TOXICITY and PREMATURE PHYSEAL CLOSURE IN GROWING PEDIATRIC PATIENTSEmbryo-Fetal ToxicitySOHONOS is contraindicated in pregnancy. SOHONOS can cause fetal harm. Because of the risk of teratogenicity and to minimize fetal exposure  SOHONOS is to be administered only if conditions for pregnancy prevention are met.Premature E piphyseal C losurePremature epiphyseal closure occurs in growing pediatric patients treated with SOHONOS  close monitoring is recommended.ContraindicationsSOHONOS is contraindicated in patients during pregnancy  or with a history of allergy or hypersensitivity to retinoids  or to any component of SOHONOS.Warnings and PrecautionsEmbryo-Fetal Toxicity : SOHONOS can cause fetal harm and is contraindicated during pregnancy. Advise females of reproductive potential to use an effective method of contraception during treatment with SOHONOS and for 1 month after the last dose. If a pregnancy occurs during Sohonos treatment  discontinue treatment immediately and refer the patient to an obstetrician/gynecologist experienced in reproductive toxicity.: SOHONOS can cause fetal harm and is contraindicated during pregnancy. Advise females of reproductive potential to use an effective method of contraception during treatment with SOHONOS and for 1 month after the last dose. If a pregnancy occurs during Sohonos treatment  discontinue treatment immediately and refer the patient to an obstetrician/gynecologist experienced in reproductive toxicity. Premature Epiphyseal Closure in Growing Pediatric Patients: SOHONOS can cause irreversible premature epiphyseal closure and potential adverse effects on growth. Prior to starting treatment with SOHONOS  all growing pediatric patients should undergo baseline assessment of skeletal maturity and continued monitoring until patients reach skeletal maturity or final adult height. If appropriate  temporary or permanent discontinuation may be warranted.SOHONOS can cause irreversible premature epiphyseal closure and potential adverse effects on growth. Prior to starting treatment with SOHONOS  all growing pediatric patients should undergo baseline assessment of skeletal maturity and continued monitoring until patients reach skeletal maturity or final adult height. If appropriate  temporary or permanent discontinuation may be warranted. Mucocutaneous Adverse Reactions : Dry skin  lip dry  pruritis  rash  alopecia  erythema  skin exfoliation [skin peeling] and  dry eye occurred with SOHONOS. Prophylactic measures to minimize risk and/or treat the mucocutaneous adverse reactions are recommended (e.g.  skin emollients  sunscreen  lip moisturizers  or artificial tears). Some may require dose reduction or discontinuation. Photosensitivity reactions have been associated with the use of retinoids and may occur with SOHONOS. Precautionary measures for phototoxicity are recommended (e.g.  use of sunscreens  protective clothing  and use of sunglasses).Dry skin  lip dry  pruritis  rash  alopecia  erythema  skin exfoliation [skin peeling] and  dry eye occurred with SOHONOS. Prophylactic measures to minimize risk and/or treat the mucocutaneous adverse reactions are recommended (e.g.  skin emollients  sunscreen  lip moisturizers  or artificial tears). Some may require dose reduction or discontinuation. Photosensitivity reactions have been associated with the use of retinoids and may occur with SOHONOS. Precautionary measures for phototoxicity are recommended (e.g.  use of sunscreens  protective clothing  and use of sunglasses). Metabolic Bone Disorders : Increased risk of radiologically observed vertebral fractures and decreased vertebral bone mineral content and bone density. Periodic radiological assessment of the spine is recommended. Retinoids have been associated with hyperostotic changes (bone spurs) and calcification of tendons or ligaments may occur with SOHONOS.: Increased risk of radiologically observed vertebral fractures and decreased vertebral bone mineral content and bone density. Periodic radiological assessment of the spine is recommended. Retinoids have been associated with hyperostotic changes (bone spurs) and calcification of tendons or ligaments may occur with SOHONOS. Psychiatric Disorders : New or worsening psychiatric events were reported with SOHONOS including depression  anxiety  mood alterations  and suicidal thoughts and behaviors. Monitor for development of new or worsening psychiatric symptoms during treatment with SOHONOS. Patients and/or caregivers should contact their healthcare provider if new or worsening psychiatric symptoms develop during treatment with SOHONOS.: New or worsening psychiatric events were reported with SOHONOS including depression  anxiety  mood alterations  and suicidal thoughts and behaviors. Monitor for development of new or worsening psychiatric symptoms during treatment with SOHONOS. Patients and/or caregivers should contact their healthcare provider if new or worsening psychiatric symptoms develop during treatment with SOHONOS. Night Blindness: This may be dose-dependent  making driving a vehicle at night potentially hazardous during treatment. Advise patients to be cautious when driving or operating any vehicle at night and seek medical attention in the event of vision impairment.Adverse ReactionsThe most common adverse reactions (≥ 10%) in clinical trials include dry skin  lip dry  arthralgia  pruritus  pain in extremity  rash  alopecia  erythema  headache  back pain  skin exfoliation [skin peeling]   nausea  musculoskeletal pain  myalgia  dry eye  hypersensitivity  peripheral edema  and fatigue.Drug InteractionsCYP3A4 inhibitors may increase SOHONOS exposure. Avoid concomitant use of strong or moderate CYP3A4 inhibitors  as well as grapefruit  pomelo or juices containing these fruits.CYP3A4 inducers may decrease SOHONOS exposure. Avoid concomitant use of strong or moderate CYP3A3 inducers.The use of both vitamin A and SOHONOS at the same time may lead to additive effects. Concomitant administration of vitamin A in doses higher than the recommended daily allowance and/or other oral retinoids must be avoided due to risk of hypervitaminosis A.Systemic retinoid use has been associated with cases of benign intracranial hypertension (pseudotumor cerebri)  some of which involved the concomitant use of tetracyclines. Avoid coadministration of SOHONOS with tetracycline derivatives.Use in Specific PopulationsPregnancy: SOHONOS is contraindicated during pregnancy. Obtain a negative serum pregnancy test within 1 week prior to SOHONOS therapy and periodically  as needed  over the course of treatment with SOHONOS and 1 month after treatment discontinuation unless patient is not at risk of pregnancy. If pregnancy occurs during treatment with SOHONOS  stop treatment immediately and refer the patient to an obstetrician/gynecologist or other specialist experienced in reproductive toxicity for evaluation and advice.SOHONOS is contraindicated during pregnancy. Obtain a negative serum pregnancy test within 1 week prior to SOHONOS therapy and periodically  as needed  over the course of treatment with SOHONOS and 1 month after treatment discontinuation unless patient is not at risk of pregnancy. If pregnancy occurs during treatment with SOHONOS  stop treatment immediately and refer the patient to an obstetrician/gynecologist or other specialist experienced in reproductive toxicity for evaluation and advice. Lactation: Advise females that breastfeeding is not recommended during treatment with SOHONOS  and for at least 1 month after the last dose.Advise females that breastfeeding is not recommended during treatment with SOHONOS  and for at least 1 month after the last dose. Females and Males of Reproductive Potential: Advise females of reproductive potential to use effective contraception at least 1 month prior to and during treatment  and for 1 month after the last dose unless continuous abstinence is chosen.Advise females of reproductive potential to use effective contraception at least 1 month prior to and during treatment  and for 1 month after the last dose unless continuous abstinence is chosen. Pediatric Use: All growing pediatric patients should undergo baseline assessment of growth and skeletal maturity before starting treatment and continued clinical and radiographic monitoring every 6-12 months until patients reach skeletal maturity or final adult heightAll growing pediatric patients should undergo baseline assessment of growth and skeletal maturity before starting treatment and continued clinical and radiographic monitoring every 6-12 months until patients reach skeletal maturity or final adult height Renal or Hepatic Impairment: Use of SOHONOS in patients with severe renal impairment  or with moderate or severe hepatic impairment is not recommended.Please see full Prescribing Information  including BOXED WARNING on Ipsen.com/usENDSAbout IpsenIpsen is a global  mid-sized biopharmaceutical company focused on transformative medicines in Oncology  Rare Disease and Neuroscience. With total sales of €3.0bn in FY 2022  Ipsen sells medicines in over 100 countries. Alongside its external-innovation strategy  the Company’s research and development efforts are focused on its innovative and differentiated technological platforms located in the heart of leading biotechnological and life-science hubs: Paris-Saclay  France; Oxford  U.K.; Cambridge  U.S.; Shanghai  China. Ipsen has around 5 300 colleagues worldwide and is listed in Paris (Euronext: IPN) and in the U.S. through a Sponsored Level I American Depositary Receipt program (ADR: IPSEY). For more information  visit ipsen.comFor further information:ContactsInvestorsCraig MarksVice President  Investor Relations+44 (0)7584 349 193 Nicolas BoglerSenior Manager  Investor Relations+33 6 52 19 98 92MediaAmy WolfVP  Head of Corporate Brand Strategy& Communications+41 79 576 07 23Anna GibbinsGlobal Head of Franchise Communications Rare Disease+44 7717801900Rachel ReiffU.S. Head of Franchise Communications+1 908 616 1680Ioana PiscociuSenior ManagerGlobal Media Relations+33 6 69 09 12 96Ipsen’s forward-looking statementsThe forward-looking statements  objectives and targets contained herein are based on Ipsen’s management strategy  current views and assumptions. Such statements involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results  performance or events to differ materially from those anticipated herein. All of the above risks could affect Ipsen’s future ability to achieve its financial targets  which were set assuming reasonable macroeconomic conditions based on the information available today. Use of the words ‘believes’  ‘anticipates’ and ‘expects’ and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements  including Ipsen’s expectations regarding future events  including regulatory filings and determinations. Moreover  the targets described in this document were prepared without taking into account external-growth assumptions and potential future acquisitions  which may alter these parameters. These objectives are based on data and assumptions regarded as reasonable by Ipsen. These targets depend on conditions or facts likely to happen in the future  and not exclusively on historical data. Actual results may depart significantly from these targets given the occurrence of certain risks and uncertainties  notably the fact that a promising medicine in early development phase or clinical trial may end up never being launched on the market or reaching its commercial targets  notably for regulatory or competition reasons. Ipsen must face or might face competition from generic medicine that might translate into a loss of market share. Furthermore  the research and development process involves several stages each of which involves the substantial risk that Ipsen may fail to achieve its objectives and be forced to abandon its efforts with regards to a medicine in which it has invested significant sums. Therefore  Ipsen cannot be certain that favorable results obtained during preclinical trials will be confirmed subsequently during clinical trials  or that the results of clinical trials will be sufficient to demonstrate the safe and effective nature of the medicine concerned. There can be no guarantees a medicine will receive the necessary regulatory approvals or that the medicine will prove to be commercially successful. If underlying assumptions prove inaccurate or risks or uncertainties materialize  actual results may differ materially from those set forth in the forward-looking statements. Other risks and uncertainties include but are not limited to  general industry conditions and competition; general economic factors  including interest rate and currency exchange rate fluctuations; the impact of pharmaceutical industry regulation and healthcare legislation; global trends toward healthcare cost containment; technological advances  new medicine and patents attained by competitors; challenges inherent in new-medicine development  including obtaining regulatory approval; Ipsen's ability to accurately predict future market conditions; manufacturing difficulties or delays; financial instability of international economies and sovereign risk; dependence on the effectiveness of Ipsen’s patents and other protections for innovative medicines; and the exposure to litigation  including patent litigation  and/or regulatory actions. Ipsen also depends on third parties to develop and market some of its medicines which could potentially generate substantial royalties; these partners could behave in such ways which could cause damage to Ipsen’s activities and financial results. Ipsen cannot be certain that its partners will fulfil their obligations. It might be unable to obtain any benefit from those agreements. A default by any of Ipsen’s partners could generate lower revenues than expected. Such situations could have a negative impact on Ipsen’s business  financial position or performance. Ipsen expressly disclaims any obligation or undertaking to update or revise any forward-looking statements  targets or estimates contained in this press release to reflect any change in events  conditions  assumptions or circumstances on which any such statements are based  unless so required by applicable law. Ipsen’s business is subject to the risk factors outlined in its registration documents filed with the French Autorité des Marchés Financiers. The risks and uncertainties set out are not exhaustive and the reader is advised to refer to Ipsen’s latest Universal Registration Document  available on ipsen.com .1 Pignolo RJ  et al Prevalence of fibrodysplasia ossificans progressiva (FOP) in the United States: estimate from three treatment centers and a patient organisation. Orphanet J Rare Dis (2021) 16 : 3502 Baujat G  et al. Prevalence of fibrodysplassia ossificans progressiva (FOP) in France: an estimate based on a record linkage of two national databases. Orphanet J Rare Dis (2017) 12: 1233 Pignolo RJ  et al. Self-reported baseline phenotypes from the International Fibrodysplasia Ossificans Progressiva (FOP) Association Global Registry. Bone 2020;134:115274.4 Pignolo et al. The Natural History of Fibrodysplasia Ossificans Progressiva: A Prospective  Global  36-Month Study. Genetics in Medicine. 2022. https://doi.org/10.1016/j.gim.2022.08.0135. Al Mukaddam M  et al. Val Health 2022;25:S273 (POSA427)6 Pignolo RJ  et al. Fibrodysplasia ossificans progressiva: diagnosis  management  and therapeutic horizons. Pediatr Endocrinol Rev 2013;10 Suppl 2:437– 48.7 Kaplan et al  Early Mortality and Cardiorespiratory Failure in Patients with Fibrodysplasia Ossificans Progressiva. The Journal of Bone & Joint Surgery. 2010. doi: 10.2106/JBJS.I.007058 Pignolo RJ  et al. Reduction of New HO in the Open-Label  Phase 3 MOVE Trial of Palovarotene for Fibrodysplasia Ossificans Progressiva (FOP). J Bone Miner Res. 2022.9. Pignolo RJ  et al. The natural history of fibrodysplasia ossificans progressiva: A prospective 36-month study. Gen Med. 2022 ISSN 1098-3600 https://doi.org/10.1016/j.gim.2022.08.013.10. Government of Canada  Notice: Multiple Additions to the Prescription Drug List (PDL). Viewed 30 November 2022  < https://www.canada.ca/en/health-canada/services/drugs-health-products/drug-products/prescription-drug-list/notices-changes/multiple-additions-2022-01-24.html >.Attachment",neutral,0.02,0.96,0.02,mixed,0.16,0.28,0.56,True,English,"['US FDA', 'palovarotene) capsules', 'fibrodysplasia ossificans', 'Ipsen', 'SohonosTM', 'first', 'treatment', 'people', 'weighted linear mixed effect model', 'common treatment emergent adverse reactions', 'global FOP Natural History Study', 'Phase III MOVE trial', 'largest multicenter, open-label trial', 'premature growth plate closure', 'early growth plate closure', 'Phase III MOVE study', 'new, abnormal bone growth', 'new abnormal bone growth', 'new, abnormal bone formation', 'annualized heterotopic ossification volume', 'new heterotopic ossification', 'rapid bone growth', 'U.S. FOP community', 'full-time caregiver assistance', 'debilitating physical pain', 'relentless emotional toll', 'Dr Edward Hsiao', 'same side effects', 'characterized safety profile', 'progressive mobility loss', 'median life expectancy', 'U.S. Food', 'systemic retinoid class', 'debilitating mobility challenges', 'ultra-rare bone disease', 'International FOP Association', 'The FDA approval', 'adverse events', 'study results', 'safety data', 'daily challenges', 'first-ever treatment', 'first treatment', 'connective tissues', 'fibrodysplasia ossificans', 'Drug Administration', 'devastating impact', 'Howard Mayer', 'rare diseases', 'medical experts', 'clinical trials', 'ongoing support', 'flare-up episodes', 'untimely death', 'breathing problems', 'cardiorespiratory failure', 'joint ankylosis', 'joint locking', 'Michelle Davis', 'Executive Director', 'health outcomes', 'pivotal efficacy', '18-month data', 'mucocutaneous events', 'drug eruption', 'musculoskeletal events', 'growing children', 'San Francisco', 'young children', 'other retinoids', 'mucus membranes', 'important treatm', 'Breakthrough treatment', 'first time', 'eligible patients', 'pediatric patients', 'palliative care', 'head injuries', 'Mineral Research', 'dry skin', 'lip dryness', 'many patients', 'palovarotene) capsules', 'oral palovarotene', 'untreated individuals', 'Most people', '107 patients', '400 people', '900 people', 'soft', 'quality', '56 years', 'SohonosTM', 'females', 'PARIS', 'FRANCE', '16 August', 'Ipsen', 'Euronext', 'IPN', 'ADR', 'IPSEY', 'Sohonos™', 'reduction', 'adults', 'doctors', 'medicine', 'lives', 'Development', 'commitment', 'belief', 'everyone', 'participation', 'function', 'ability', 'selfcare', 'restroom', 'employment', 'age', 'majority', 'wheelchair', 'falls', 'fractures', 'bracing', 'fall.7', 'families', 'day', 'muscle', 'activity', 'Journal', 'estimated', 'number', 'standard', 'alopecia', 'rash', 'pruritus', 'arthralgia', 'clinician', 'stresses', 'Professor', 'Division', 'Endocrinology', 'Metabolism', 'University', 'California', 'risks', 'case', 'addition', 'medication']",2023-08-16,2023-08-17,marketscreener.com
29113,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/origis-energy-announces-new-750-million-construction-warehouse-facility-301901412.html,Origis Energy Announces New $750 Million Construction Warehouse Facility,New facility will fund approximately 2 gigawatts of large scale solar and energy storage in the U.S. MIAMI  Aug. 16  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- Origis Energy  one of America's leading renewable energy platforms  announced today the close of a $750 million construct…,"New facility will fund approximately 2 gigawatts of large scale solar and energy storage in the U.S.MIAMI  Aug. 16  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- Origis Energy  one of America's leading renewable energy platforms  announced today the close of a $750 million construction warehouse facility. The facility will fund large scale solar and energy storage project construction totaling approximately 2 gigawatts (GW) across 15 states over the next three years.Today's announcement follows the March 2023 close of an upsizing amendment to the company's $750 million development finance facility.Origis energy announces new $750 million construction warehouse facility funding 2GW large scale solar & energy storage Tweet thisThe new warehouse facility will fund the construction of solar  storage and colocated solar plus storage projects  with expected completion dates up to 2026. Power Purchase Agreements  serving a variety of utility and corporate clients  have been secured on all assets. Origis is in development on an industry leading clean energy pipeline which currently stands at 18 GW of solar and 36 GWh of storage capacity. The company is active in 31 states to date.""Origis is in an unprecedented growth cycle fueled by customer demand and the Inflation Reduction Act "" said Guy Vanderhaegen  Chief Executive Officer & President  Origis Energy. ""Advancing construction of our renewable energy pipeline is a top priority  one served by this new financing. The arrangement also demonstrates the continued trust of the financial community in our team. We thank Santander  Rabobank  and Natixis for their collaboration. Together we are delivering clean  cost-effective energy to our customers.""Santander Corporate and Investment Banking was the structuring agent  green loan coordinator and coordinating lead arranger. They were joined by Rabobank and Natixis Corporate & Investment Banking  who served as coordinating lead arrangers  hedge providers  and letter of credit issuers.""Santander is very pleased to be supporting Origis with this strategic financing that will provide an efficient and innovative means of financing their project pipeline and help unlock the Company's future growth. This transaction is an example of Santander's ongoing commitment to the financing of green projects "" said Andrew Platt  Head of Structured Finance US  Santander Corporate and Investment Banking.Rabobank is a premier corporate and investment bank to the food and agribusiness industries and an energy transition leader through the renewable energy sector. Natixis CIB is a leading global financial institution that provides advisory  investment banking  financing  corporate banking and capital markets services to corporations  financial institutions  financial sponsors and sovereign and supranational organizations worldwide.Origis Energy is majority owned by funds managed by Antin Infrastructure Partners.Latham and Watkins represented Origis Energy in the transaction. Norton Rose Fulbright acted as lenders' counsel.About Origis EnergyOrigis Energy is bringing clean and cost-effective solar  energy storage and clean hydrogen solutions within reach for utility  commercial and industrial as well as public sector clients. The Origis team has worked to ensure the interests of all stakeholders are upheld in 170 projects worldwide totaling more than 5 GW to date of developed solar  energy storage and clean hydrogen capacity. Headquartered in Miami  FL  Origis Energy delivers excellence in solar  energy storage and clean hydrogen development  financing  engineering  procurement  and construction (EPC) and operations  maintenance and asset management for investors and clean energy consumers in the U.S. Visit Origis Energy here.About Antin Infrastructure PartnersAntin Infrastructure Partners is a leading private equity firm focused on infrastructure. With over €30 bn in assets under management across its Flagship  Mid Cap and NextGen investment strategies  Antin targets investments in the energy and environment  digital  transport and social infrastructure sectors. With a presence in Paris  London  New York  Singapore and Luxembourg  Antin employs over 200 professionals dedicated to growing  improving and transforming infrastructure businesses while delivering long-term value to portfolio companies and investors. Majority owned by its partners  Antin is listed on compartment A of the regulated market of Euronext Paris (Ticker: ANTIN – ISIN: FR0014005AL0)SOURCE Origis Energy",neutral,0.11,0.88,0.01,positive,0.86,0.13,0.01,True,English,"['New $750 Million Construction Warehouse Facility', 'Origis Energy', 'industry leading clean energy pipeline', 'new $750 million construction warehouse facility', 'leading private equity firm', 'leading global financial institution', 'leading renewable energy platforms', '$750 million development finance facility', '2GW large scale solar', 'cost-effective solar, energy storage', 'energy storage project construction', 'new warehouse facility', 'Structured Finance US', 'renewable energy pipeline', 'clean, cost-effective energy', 'next three years', 'Power Purchase Agreements', 'Inflation Reduction Act', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'renewable energy sector', 'capital markets services', 'Norton Rose Fulbright', 'clean hydrogen solutions', 'energy transition leader', 'clean hydrogen development', 'clean energy consumers', 'green loan coordinator', 'public sector clients', 'clean hydrogen capacity', 'social infrastructure sectors', 'NextGen investment strategies', 'SOURCE Origis Energy', 'The Origis team', 'Antin Infrastructure Partners', 'project pipeline', 'New facility', 'solar, storage', 'storage capacity', 'Advancing construction', 'New York', 'corporate clients', 'financial community', 'financial institutions', 'financial sponsors', 'infrastructure businesses', 'storage projects', 'new financing', 'green projects', 'Investment Banking', 'U.S.', 'upsizing amendment', 'completion dates', 'unprecedented growth', 'customer demand', 'Guy Vanderhaegen', 'top priority', 'continued trust', 'lead arranger', 'hedge providers', 'credit issuers', 'innovative means', 'future growth', 'ongoing commitment', 'Andrew Platt', 'premier corporate', 'agribusiness industries', 'corporate banking', 'supranational organizations', ""lenders' counsel"", 'Mid Cap', 'long-term value', 'portfolio companies', 'compartment A', 'regulated market', 'Natixis Corporate', 'Natixis CIB', 'asset management', 'Euronext Paris', 'Santander Corporate', 'strategic financing', '170 projects', '2 gigawatts', 'MIAMI', 'Aug.', 'PRNewswire', 'America', 'close', '15 states', 'announcement', 'March', 'company', 'variety', 'utility', 'assets', '18 GW', '36 GWh', '31 states', 'President', 'arrangement', 'Rabobank', 'collaboration', 'customers', 'agent', 'coordinating', 'letter', 'efficient', 'transaction', 'example', 'Head', 'food', 'advisory', 'corporations', 'sovereign', 'funds', 'Latham', 'Watkins', 'reach', 'industrial', 'interests', 'stakeholders', '5 GW', 'excellence', 'engineering', 'procurement', 'EPC', 'operations', 'maintenance', 'investors', '€30 bn', 'Flagship', 'investments', 'environment', 'digital', 'transport', 'presence', 'London', 'Singapore', 'Luxembourg', '200 professionals', 'transforming', 'Majority', 'Ticker', 'ISIN']",2023-08-16,2023-08-17,prnewswire.com
29114,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.rigzone.com/news/carlyle_to_sell_assala_energy_in_gabon_to_mp_for_730mm-16-aug-2023-173678-article/,Carlyle to Sell Assala Energy in Gabon to M&P for $730MM,Investment firm Carlyle is selling Assala Energy.,Investment firm Carlyle is selling Assala Energy  an upstream oil exploration and production company operating in Gabon  to Etablissements Maurel & Prom SA (M&P)  an oil and gas exploration and production company listed on Euronext  according to a Carlyle news release Tuesday.The transaction is for a total consideration of $730 million and is expected to close between the fourth quarter of 2023 and the first quarter of 2024  subject to various approvals  including from the Republic of Gabon and CEMAC (Communauté Economique et Monétaire de l'Afrique Centrale) merger control clearance  according to a separate news release from M&P.Carlyle invested in Assala in 2017 through Carlyle International Energy Partners  an energy-focused private equity fund. Due to an investment of over $1.3 billion over six years  “Assala has been transformed into one of the leading independent exploration and production companies in West Africa”  Carlyle said  highlighting the addition of reserves  the upgrading of production facilities and infrastructure  and the execution of strategic mergers and acquisitions.Since Carlyle’s acquisition  Assala has increased net production by around 30 percent to approximately 45 000 barrels per day and has extended reserve life from five to eight years at the end of 2022  based on current production  Carlyle said. Assala also resumed exploration activity in 2020 to support the company’s longer-term growth  Carlyle added.The acquisition will provide M&P with access to a fully integrated midstream network and strategic Gamba oil export terminal  as well as a pipeline of organic development opportunities across the combination of the two portfolios  M&P said.“We want to thank Carlyle for its financial and strategic support throughout Assala’s growth journey  from the initial carve out from Shell in 2017 to the successes of higher production and reserves growth  which were delivered to best practice and international ESG standards by our exceptional team”  Assala CEO David Roux said. “We also want to thank the Government of Gabon for the support it provided throughout this intensive investment and redevelopment period. We are proud of our accomplishments so far and look forward to our business’s next stage of growth. The combination with M&P will create a great platform  with its business anchored in Gabon and a continued focus on creating value for its employees  local communities  governments  and shareholders”.“We are proud to have worked alongside David and his team in the transformation of Assala over the past six years”  Carlyle International Energy Partners Co-Head Bob Maguire said. “By investing in the company’s facilities and infrastructure to increase production and reserve life — while at the same time decarbonizing its operations — Carlyle has helped Assala become a responsible operator  employer  and partner and has enabled it to contribute significantly to the sustainable economic future of Gabon’s energy industry”.“Our investment in Assala is a great example of how Carlyle works in partnership with management teams to deliver long-term value from mature assets for the benefit of our investors as well as the local economy and communities  while reducing emissions intensity”  Carlyle International Energy Partners Co-Head Guido Funes Nova said. “Assala is now one of the most efficient and skilled operators of mature onshore assets in Sub-Saharan Africa  with a long runway for future sustainable value creation”.Carlyle and the Assala management team have also worked closely together to accelerate the company’s decarbonization goals. Since 2020  Assala has reduced its Scope 1 and 2 emissions by approximately 20 percent  primarily through methane leak detection and prevention  gas re-injection  the reduction of flaring  and the shutting in of wells with excessive gas production  the news release said.“The acquisition of Assala represents a step change for M&P”  M&P Chief Executive Officer Olivier de Langavant said in the release. “The combination of our portfolios provides the Group with a large operated base of long-life  low-cost onshore assets offering long-term visibility and substantial development potential in a stable country where M&P has been operating for over fifteen years. Assala’s management has done a great job in turning around the assets acquired from Shell in 2017  and M&P intends to continue building on this success story with the ongoing support of the combined workforce. The support of our controlling shareholder Pertamina allows us to benefit from attractive financing terms for this acquisition  which will further enhance value creation for all our shareholders”.To contact the author  email rteodoro.editor@outlook.com,neutral,0.16,0.83,0.01,positive,0.75,0.23,0.01,True,English,"['Assala Energy', 'M&P', 'Carlyle', 'Gabon', 'strategic Gamba oil export terminal', 'M&P Chief Executive Officer', 'energy-focused private equity fund', 'Head Guido Funes Nova', 'five to eight years', 'long-life, low-cost onshore assets', 'Carlyle International Energy Partners', 'future sustainable value creation', 'Assala CEO David Roux', 'sustainable economic future', 'international ESG standards', 'Head Bob Maguire', 'merger control clearance', 'integrated midstream network', 'organic development opportunities', 'methane leak detection', 'Olivier de Langavant', 'large operated base', 'substantial development potential', 'attractive financing terms', 'upstream oil exploration', 'leading independent exploration', 'mature onshore assets', 'past six years', 'separate news release', 'excessive gas production', 'Carlyle news release', 'Assala management team', 'energy industry', 'strategic mergers', 'mature assets', 'gas exploration', 'fifteen years', 'Assala Energy', 'exploration activity', 'strategic support', 'gas re-injection', 'long-term value', 'Etablissements Maurel', 'Prom SA', 'total consideration', 'fourth quarter', 'first quarter', 'various approvals', 'Communauté Economique', 'Monétaire', 'Afrique Centrale', 'production companies', 'West Africa', 'net production', 'reserve life', 'current production', 'initial carve', 'higher production', 'best practice', 'exceptional team', 'redevelopment period', 'next stage', 'great platform', 'continued focus', 'same time', 'responsible operator', 'great example', 'management teams', 'local economy', 'skilled operators', 'Sub-Saharan Africa', 'long runway', 'decarbonization goals', 'step change', 'long-term visibility', 'stable country', 'great job', 'success story', 'controlling shareholder', 'longer-term growth', 'growth journey', 'Investment firm', 'production facilities', 'two portfolios', 'intensive investment', 'local communities', 'emissions intensity', 'ongoing support', 'production company', 'reserves growth', '2 emissions', 'Gabon', 'Euronext', 'transaction', 'Republic', 'CEMAC', 'addition', 'upgrading', 'infrastructure', 'execution', 'acquisitions', '30 percent', '45,000 barrels', 'day', 'access', 'pipeline', 'combination', 'financial', 'Shell', 'successes', 'Government', 'accomplishments', 'business', 'employees', 'shareholders', 'transformation', 'operations', 'employer', 'partnership', 'benefit', 'investors', 'efficient', '20 percent', 'prevention', 'reduction', 'flaring', 'shutting', 'wells', 'Group', 'workforce', 'Pertamina', 'author', 'editor', '1']",2023-08-16,2023-08-17,rigzone.com
29115,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.finanznachrichten.de/nachrichten-2023-08/59881030-evs-broadcast-equipment-evs-reports-first-half-2023-results-399.htm,EVS Broadcast Equipment: EVS Reports First Half 2023 Results,CEST after market closingRegulated / Inside informationEVS Broadcast Equipment S.A.: Euronext Brussels (EVS.BR)  Bloomberg (EVS BB)  Reuters (EVSB.BR) EVS reports,"Publication on August 17  2023 at 18:30 CEST after market closingRegulated / Inside informationEVS Broadcast Equipment S.A.: Euronext Brussels (EVS.BR)  Bloomberg (EVS BB)  Reuters (EVSB.BR)EVS reports first half 2023 resultsLiège  Belgium  August 18th  2023 - Today EVS (Euronext Brussels: EVS.BR; Bloomberg: EVS BB; Reuters: EVSB.BR) announced results for the six-month period ended 30 June 20231.Strong first half results confirm profitable growth ambition for 2023The strong financial performance of the first semester of 2023 underpins the growth trajectory of EVS and leads to an upgrade in the guidance.First halffinancial performance highlightsStrong order intake of EUR 84.0 million.Revenue in the first six months of the year  amounts to EUR 87.4 million  growing +29% YoY  in a context where no Big Event Rental revenue is realised as we are operating in an uneven year.Gross margin performance is strong demonstrating a growth of 2.4Pts compared to the same period last year  a consequence of our margin optimization plan for each solution.Net profit amounts to EUR 21.2 million  leading to a diluted earnings per share of EUR 1.52 (an improvement of EUR 0.37 compared to 1H22 results).OutlookThe secured revenue for 2023 is at EUR 158.7 million at the end of June  confirming our growth ambition for the year 2023.Based on the secured revenue at end of June 2023  the revenue guidance for the full year is upgraded from EUR 150-160 million to EUR 160-170 million. This upgrade assumes a normal final production cycle of the year  without any impact of shortage in components nor any important changes linked to the pricing of components.The long-term order book - beyond 2023 - is growing to EUR 61.7 million  an increase of EUR 5.8 million compared to the beginning of the year 2023.The gross margin percentage is expected to be marginally negatively impacted in 2H23 compared to the results of 1H23  as a consequence of the projected cost of BOM.As a consequence of the upgrade in revenue guidance and the strong profit performance  the full year EBIT guidance is being upgraded from an initial range of EUR 27.5-32.5 million to a new range of EUR 32.5-38.5 million  clearly demonstrating our sustainable and profitable growth ambition.Key figuresEUR millions  except earnings per share expressed in EUR Reviewed 1H23 1H22 Variance Revenue 87.4 67.7 19.7 Gross profit 61.2 45.8 15.4 Gross margin % 70.1% 67.7% +2.4 Pts Operating profit - EBIT 25.0 15.7 9.3 Operating margin - EBIT % 28.6% 23.3% +5.3 Pts Net profit (Group share) 21.2 15.5 5.7 Fully diluted earnings per share (Group share) 1.52 1.15 0.37CommentsSerge Van Herck  CEO  comments:""I continue to be very grateful to our customers  our team members and our channel partners for further supporting and enabling our growth mode  especially during this uneven year 2023. With fewer major sport events scheduled during uneven years  EVS typically suffered from a slowdown in revenue and profitability compared to even years. With H1 revenue of EUR 87.4 million at its highest level ever and with a Net Profit of EUR 21.2 million  I am proud to say that our PlayForward strategy is producing the expected sustainable and profitable growth. Based on this strong H1 revenue result  it is safe to say that our revenues for the whole year will achieve a new record level. While we are still facing challenges in our electronic component supply chain  we are now sufficiently confident to increase our earlier revenue guidance for 2023 of EUR 150 million to EUR 160 million to a new guidance of EUR 160 million to EUR 170million.Our 2 main Market Pillars (Live Service Providers and Live Audience Business) show strong revenue growth compared to H1 2022. As expected in an uneven year  our third Market Pillar (Big Event Rental) generated close to no revenues in H1. The growth of our 2 main Market Pillars largely outperforms the absence of Big Event Rental revenues in H1. Geographically we see a strong growth performance of all regions (EMEA  NALA and APAC).This revenue growth in 2023 is only possible thanks to the hirings done in 2022. In order to increase efficiency and keep our operational costs under control  we had no further additions to our team member base in 2023. Wedoexpectthough toincrease our hiring efforts in H2 2023 in order to sustain and enable our profitable growth into 2024.The high and global inflation has clearly a negative impact on our BOM (bill of material) cost and on our remuneration costs. We have started compensating the impact of those increased costs by applying price adaptations in 2022. Those price adaptations are contributing to an improved profitability in H1 2023. We expect that we will need to continue adapting our pricing to compensate for the raising inflation.Despite the persistently challenging economic market conditions marked by high inflation  component shortages  and the ongoing war in Ukraine  I maintain a sense of cautious optimism about our future. The growing recognition among our customers for the reliability  performance  and innovative nature of our solutions and services provides us with a solid foundation for what lies ahead.""Commenting on the results and the outlook  Veerle De Wit  CFO  said:""The results of the 1st half of 2023 demonstrate our growth trajectory. We will realize growth in 2023  even in a year with no Big Event Rental revenue. This is a turning point for EVS. Next to a strong topline performance  we also see the positive effects of our pricing strategy: our gross profit is demonstrating that we can balance price increases taking into accountmacro-economic challenges. Whilst keeping our costs under control  this performance results in a net profit margin of 24.2%  demonstrating our ability to realize sustainable and profitable growth. Finally  our balance sheet remains strong with a solid cash position and open receivables that restored well compared to end of December 2022  clearly demonstrated by an improvement in our days of sales outstanding. All these promising results lead to an upgrade of our guidance both in revenue and EBIT  and this clearly underpins the sustainable and profitable growth ambition that we have set for ourselves.""EVS Market Dynamics and customer winsIn the LiveCeption domain  EVS now proposes a MultiReview experience driven by the LSM-VIA  very well appreciated for the fast conception of multi-angle highlights. EVS did also optimize the XNET-VIA internal network protocol to further reduce the delay between replays when content is hosted on different servers. Inline with ""Balanced computing"" concept  XtraMotion now supports different deployment models (in the cloud and in an OBVAN) to cope with the respective constraints of the production (budget and ""delay to live"").The upgrade of the XT3 continues at the right pace thanks to the compelling upgrade offers and the continuously broader feature set now covered by XT-VIA and XT-GO  as described above. Not all XT3s will be migrated to XT-VIA since one single large capacity XT-VIA can replace 2 early version XT3s. Moreover  not all customers will proceed with an upgrade of their large capacity XT3 to XT-VIA before the pre-announced end of life. It all depends on their investment lifecycles driven by their customer contracts  including number of events and the size of the contracted productions.About MediaCeption solutions  EVS continues the deployment of IPD-VIA create  the new editing tool focused on speed and creativity to create valuable content during live productions. Besides XT-VIA and XS-VIA  EVS also deploys more and more software versions of the server with XS-NEO as part of the LAB modernization projects.As every year  EVS supported its customers (facility companies and broadcasters) delivering the NFL Superbowl: one of the most watched events on earth. EVS also supports more and more events with MediaHub  allowing ""Rights owners"" to share valuable sports content with ""Rights holders"" disseminated on the planet. The same platform that is running the major events is now offered in SAAS and used every month on events with multi-country audiences.Neuron product family is welcoming a new software ""Neuron View"" as a multiviewer that can be virtualized on Neuron platform  thus strengthening the competitiveness of the overall Media Infrastructure solution. Cerebrum Software Defined Network control has also been improved in terms of user experience to support the transition of our customers towards centralized IP backbones across different control rooms and studios.For the 2023 first semester  both LAB and LSP market pillars beat a record in terms of revenues. For LAB  the shape of the revenue trend is also depending on the speed of the transformation project and the related revenue recognition. If LSP market pillar is higher in revenue  LAB is significantly higher in the order intake  beating another record.Yet as another record  the order intake for Media Infrastructure during this semester is higher than the Media Infrastructure revenues for the full 2020 year  demonstrating the attractivity of our solutions in this new domain for EVS.The traction for EVS solutions has been impressive at NAB. Our customers and channel partners are better understanding the value of our portfolio of solutions. The channel partner event was a great success with more and more partners preferring to attend EVS event than the ones organised by other larger vendors at the same time. Another event - co-organised with an IP vendor - was also overbooked  demonstrating the attractivity of the IP migration approach proposed by EVS. And  cherry on the cake  EVS did receive the ""Best of Show award"" for XTRAMOTION 2.0 Edge  proving the values of ""Balanced Computing"" concept with smooth and smart adoption of cloud technology. EVS now prepares the IBC mid-September.Supply chain of electronic components remains a point of attention for the company  considering the evolutions of the economy and the current geo-political tensions.As announced in our 2022 annual report  the Group has decided early March 2023 to call the end-of-life of certain activities linked to our operations in Darmstadt. This within the context of our strategy to focus on sustainable and profitable growth. Several months after the announcement  we can confirm that impacts on the financial statements have been limited and immaterial  thanks to the pro-active conversations with our customers.The company continues to progress as well in terms of ESG and received a ""low risk"" Environmental  Social  and Governance (ESG) rating from Morningstar Sustainalytics. With a risk score of 13.5  EVS is ranked in the 7th percentile in Sustainalytics' global universe of more than 15 000 rated companies  indicating a significant improvement from the previous year  with a decrease of 9.2 points.First half revenueRevenue reached EUR 87.4 million in 1H23  representing an increase of EUR 19.7 million or 29.2% compared to 1H22.The impact of exchange rate conversions was minimal  resulting in a growth of revenue at constant currency of 28.7% YoY. Finally  taking out the seasonal impact of the Big Event Rental  the growth of 1H23 was of 40.3%.Revenue - EUR millions 1H23 1H22 Variance Total reported 87.4 67.7 29.2% Total at constant currency 87.1 67.7 28.7% Total at constant currency and excluding Big Event Rentals 87.0 62.0 40.3%Currency fluctuations primarily impact EVS revenues by the EUR/USD conversion  which can have a significant impact on our results even if EUR/USD fluctuations also impact the cost of our US operations and partially our cost of goods sold.In the first half of the year  excluding Big Event Rentals  LSP represented 56% of the revenue (59% in 1H22) and LAB 44% (41% in 1H22). The trend demonstrated by this performance is reflecting the long-term growth patterns laid out in our PLAYForward strategic plan.Geographically  revenues are distributed as follows in 1H23 (excl. Big Event Rentals):Europe  Middle East and Africa (EMEA): EUR 41.8 million (EUR 28.7 million in 1H22)  growing 45.8% and demonstrating a strong recovery compared to 1H22 in that region.EUR 41.8 million (EUR 28.7 million in 1H22)  growing 45.8% and demonstrating a strong recovery compared to 1H22 in that region. Americas (NALA): EUR 28.6 million (EUR 25.6 million in 1H22)  growing 11.3% continuing the strong performance since multiple quarters.EUR 28.6 million (EUR 25.6 million in 1H22)  growing 11.3% continuing the strong performance since multiple quarters. Asia & Pacific (APAC): EUR 17.0 million (EUR 7.7 million in 1H22)  growing 120.9%  despite a slow recovery in China  demonstrating strong growth in several countries.First half earningsConsolidated gross margin was 70.1% for 1H23  compared to 67.7% in 1H22. The Bill Of Material cost is increasing compared to 1H22 (+0.7Pts)  though is at a very sound level of 15.7% thanks to the success of our pricing strategy and our ability to model macro-economic events. Every solution is improving marginally the profitability  demonstrating the balanced approach. The investments over the past quarters in the operations & support teams is being diluted  given the strong revenue performance.Operating expenses increased by 21% YoY as a consequence of investments in resources (+54 FTE on average) made in the past 12 months as well as some transformation projects we are running as a company. All these investments are done to support our long term ambition. Next to an impact linked to team members  the operating expenses are growing mainly following increased energy prices and increased travel spend.In terms of intangible assets  EVS continues to invest in 2 specific projects that should fuel our future growth. The investments (a total of EUR 3.0 million in 1H23) are in line with the budgeted spend and are assumed to start contributing to our topline as of 2024.The 1H23 EBIT margin was strong at 28.5%  compared to 23.3% in 1H22: a demonstration that the past investments are supporting our growth trajectory and are positioning us for the future.Income taxes are at EUR 3.7 million  compared to EUR 1.9 million last year: this increase is linked to the higher profit before taxes in 1H23 (EUR +7.6 million compared to 1H22) and to the limitation on the deduction of tax latencies from previous years in Belgium (the threshold has been reduced from 70% to 40% of the taxable profit exceeding the amount of EUR 1 million since January 2023).The group net profit amounted to EUR 21.2 million in 1H23  compared to EUR 15.5 million in 1H22. Fully diluted earnings per share amounted to EUR 1.52 in 1H23  compared to EUR 1.15 in 1H22.Second half outlookBased on the secured revenue on June 30  2023 at EUR 158.7 million (+35.8% growth compared to EUR 116.9 million of last year at the same date)  and based on the strong profit performance  we are confident to achieve our ambitions of profitable growth for the year 2023.The results of the first semester lead to an upgrade of our revenue guidance to a range of EUR 160-170 million (versus EUR 150-160 million previously). Based on the current production calendar and the preparation of the big events in 2024  we will have limited orders that will still contribute to our topline in 2023. Our full year EBIT range is also upgraded  to a range of EUR 32.5-38.5 million (from an initial range EUR 27.5-32.5 million)  benefiting from the strong revenue performance and the positive margin evolution.Next to our progress on 2023  we also continue to build the future. In addition to secured revenue for 2023  EVS has secured a long-term order book worth EUR 61.7 million (EUR +5.8 million compared to the situation at the beginning of the year).On top of this order book  we have also secured in June 2023  an important contract for the delivery of integrated solutions and related services linked to major multisport events occurring 2024 and beyond. The associated order intake linked to this contract will get recognized progressively  as soon as the technical requirements for the events are known.GlossaryTerm Definition Secured revenue Revenue already recognized as well as open orders on hand that will be recognized as revenue in the fiscal year. Order book Revenues planned to be recognized after the based on current orders. LAB market pillar LAB - Live Audience BusinessRevenue from customers leveraging EVS products and solutions to create content for their own purpose.This market pillar covers the following types of customers: Broadcasters  Stadium  House of Worship  Corporate Media Centers  Sports organizations  Government & institutions  University & Colleges. LSP market pillar LSP - Live Service ProvidersRevenue from customers leveraging EVS products and solutions to serve ""LAB customers""This market pillar covers the following types of customers: Rental & facilities companies  Production companies  Freelance operators  Technology partners & system integrators buying for their own purpose. BER market pillar BER - Big Events RentalRevenue from major non-yearly big events rental.This market pillar covers the following types of customers: host broadcasters for major events. Bill of material cost The bill of material cost includes all components and parts required to produce the revenue. It does not include labor. Days of sales outstanding Days sales outstanding (DSO) is the average number of days it takes a company to receive payment for a sale. Working capital Working capital  also known as net working capital (NWC)  is the difference between a company's current assets-such as cash  accounts receivable/customers' unpaid bills  and inventories of raw materials and finished goods-and its current liabilities  such as accounts payable and debts.In case of discrepancies between the English and the French Version  the English Version prevails.Conference callEVS will hold a conference call in English today at 3.30 pm CET for financial analysts and institutional investors. Other interested parties may join the call in a listen-only mode. The presentation used during the conference call will be available shortly before the call on the EVS website.Participants must register for the conference using the link provided below. Upon registering  each participant will be provided with Participant Dial In Numbers  Direct Event Passcode and unique Registrant ID.1. Online registration: https://register.vevent.com/register/BIabe4416071f644b6a52058174f4da0e32. Webcast Player URL: https://edge.media-server.com/mmc/p/wkpgu8bbCorporate CalendarNovember 17th  2023: 3Q23 Trading updateFor more information  please contact:Veerle De Wit  CFO*EVS Broadcast Equipment S.A.  Liege Science Park  13 rue Bois Saint-Jean  B-4102 Seraing  BelgiumTel: +32 4 361 70 04. E-Mail:corpcom@evs.com; www.evs.com (https://eur01.safelinks.protection.outlook.com/?url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.evs.com%2F&data=04%7C01%7Cn.bayers%40evs.com%7C75274c6014be4cad8fc508da1c901f90%7Ce61db0b4dfbe49feacd3c1668c3573cb%7C0%7C0%7C637853702575229473%7CUnknown%7CTWFpbGZsb3d8eyJWIjoiMC4wLjAwMDAiLCJQIjoiV2luMzIiLCJBTiI6Ik1haWwiLCJXVCI6Mn0%3D%7C3000&sdata=lcyVDDMPDj62mjtdHrTPFEKdL4h8ggb8SwDgC%2BBNG3M%3D&reserved=0)* representing a SRLForward Looking StatementsThis press release contains forward-looking statements with respect to the business  financial condition  and results of operations of EVS and its affiliates. These statements are based on the current expectations or beliefs of EVS's management and are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results or performance of the Company to differ materially from those contemplated in such forward-looking statements. These risks and uncertainties relate to changes in technology and market requirements  the company's concentration on one industry  decline in demand for the company's products and those of its affiliates  inability to timely develop and introduce new technologies  products and applications  and loss of market share and pressure on pricing resulting from competition which could cause the actual results or performance of the company to differ materially from those contemplated in such forward-looking statements. EVS undertakes no obligation to publicly release any revisions to these forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date hereof or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events.About usWe create return on emotionEVS is globally recognized as the leading provider in live video technology for broadcast and new media productions. Spanning the entire production process  EVS solutions are trusted by production teams worldwide to deliver the most gripping live sports images  buzzing entertainment shows and breaking news to billions of viewers every day - and in real-time. As we continue to expand our footprint  our dedication to sustainable growth for both our business and the industry is clearly demonstrated though our ESG strategy. This commitment is not only reflected in our results  but also in our high ratings from different agencies.Headquartered in Liège  Belgium  the company has a global presence with offices in Australia  Asia  the Middle East  Europe  North and Latin America  employing over 600 team members and ensuring sales  training and technical support to more than 100 countries.EVS is a public company traded on Euronext Brussels: EVS  ISIN: BE0003820371.For more information  please visit www.evs.com (https://eur01.safelinks.protection.outlook.com/?url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.evs.com%2F&data=04%7C01%7Cn.bayers%40evs.com%7C75274c6014be4cad8fc508da1c901f90%7Ce61db0b4dfbe49feacd3c1668c3573cb%7C0%7C0%7C637853702575229473%7CUnknown%7CTWFpbGZsb3d8eyJWIjoiMC4wLjAwMDAiLCJQIjoiV2luMzIiLCJBTiI6Ik1haWwiLCJXVCI6Mn0%3D%7C3000&sdata=lcyVDDMPDj62mjtdHrTPFEKdL4h8ggb8SwDgC%2BBNG3M%3D&reserved=0).1 Please refer to our Half-Year Financial Report for detailed financials and auditor's review reportAttachments",neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,mixed,0.44,0.21,0.34,True,English,"['First Half 2023 Results', 'EVS Broadcast Equipment', 'EVS Broadcast Equipment S.A.', 'normal final production cycle', 'fewer major sport events', 'electronic component supply chain', 'challenging economic market conditions', 'First halffinancial performance highlights', 'Big Event Rental revenue', 'Strong first half results', 'strong H1 revenue result', 'first six months', 'strong financial performance', 'full year EBIT guidance', 'Serge Van Herck', 'Live Service Providers', 'Live Audience Business', 'first half 2023 results', '2 main Market Pillars', 'third Market Pillar', 'margin optimization plan', 'team member base', 'strong profit performance', 'strong growth performance', 'Strong order intake', 'gross margin percentage', 'long-term order book', 'Gross margin performance', 'new record level', '1H22 Variance Revenue', 'strong revenue growth', 'earlier revenue guidance', 'profitable growth ambition', 'first semester', 'component shortages', '1H22 results', 'new guidance', '7 Gross profit', 'Operating margin', 'team members', 'highest level', 'new range', 'growth trajectory', 'Net profit', 'Operating profit', 'growth mode', 'Euronext Brussels', 'EVS BB', 'Liège', 'Today EVS', 'EVS.BR', 'EVSB.BR', 'six-month period', 'same period', 'important changes', 'initial range', 'Key figures', 'channel partners', 'PlayForward strategy', 'hiring efforts', 'global inflation', 'price adaptations', 'raising inflation', 'ongoing war', 'cautious optimism', 'growing recognition', 'uneven year', 'operational costs', 'remuneration costs', 'material) cost', 'improved profitability', 'high inflation', 'Group share', 'diluted earnings', 'negative impact', 'revenues', 'H1.', 'years', 'Publication', 'August', '18:30 CEST', 'information', 'Bloomberg', 'Reuters', 'Belgium', 'upgrade', 'context', '2.4Pts', 'consequence', 'solution', 'improvement', 'Outlook', 'end', 'June', 'components', 'pricing', 'increase', 'beginning', '2H23', '1H23', 'BOM.', 'sustainable', 'Comments', 'CEO', 'customers', 'slowdown', 'challenges', 'absence', 'regions', 'EMEA', 'NALA', 'APAC', 'hirings', 'efficiency', 'control', 'additions', 'bill', 'Ukraine', 'sense', 'future', 'reliability', '2024']",2023-08-05,2023-08-17,finanznachrichten.de
29116,EuroNext,Bing API,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/cbi-norwich-city-f-c-163000816.html,CBI and Norwich City F.C. Form Partnership to Pioneer a Revolutionary Fan Experience in Football,CBI and Norwich City F.C. Form Partnership to Pioneer a Revolutionary Fan Experience in Football Crypto Blockchain Industries (CBI) signs an agreement with Norwich City F.C. to build a digital world for Norwich City F.,"CBI and Norwich City F.C. Form Partnership to Pioneer a Revolutionary Fan Experience in FootballCrypto Blockchain Industries (CBI) signs an agreement with Norwich City F.C. to build a digital world for Norwich City F.C. fans all over the world.Paris  France – August 17th 2023 – Crypto Blockchain Industries (CBI)  a Euronext-listed French company developing blockchain solutions  video games  business applications  and selected crypto projects  is delighted to announce a groundbreaking partnership agreement with Norwich City F.C. Through this collaboration  CBI and Norwich City F.C. aim to transform how football clubs connect with their fans. They will work together to construct Football at AlphaVerse  an innovative 3D world that bridges the gap between football clubs and their passionate supporters.The partnership between CBI and Norwich City F.C. marks an exciting milestone in the evolution of fan engagement in football. By leveraging the power of technology and digital environments  the organizations aim to create an immersive and interactive platform that will redefine the fan experience.Football at AlphaVerse is an expansive digital ecosystem  designed to bring fans closer to the heart of the club they love. Through this platform  supporters can stay informed  engage with their favorite team and navigate diverse virtual spaces. Fans will have the chance to explore a 3D replica of the iconic Carrow Road stadium  gaining access to areas normally off-limits to the public.This immersive world offers football fans a multitude of experiences  such as connecting with fellow supporters  collecting valuable digital assets  and enjoying access to a wide array of real-world rewards such as match tickets and jerseys. Moreover  the platform will offer virtual events  meetings  and other exclusive content  providing unique insights into the inner workings of the club.Sam Jeffery  commercial director of the club  shared his excitement about the partnership  saying  ""At Norwich City  we’re always seeking to explore ways to unlock new revenue streams. We’re also motivated to find new opportunities with which our loyal fans can engage with the club.Story continues“This collaboration with CBI ticks both of these ambitions  and will enable us to forge an even stronger bond with our supporters  offering them an innovative platform to engage with the club and fellow fans.""Speaking about the partnership  Frédéric Chesnais  CEO of CBI  expressed his enthusiasm  stating  ""We are thrilled to collaborate with Norwich City F.C. on this groundbreaking initiative. By combining our technological expertise with the club's rich heritage and devoted fan base  we aim to deliver an unparalleled fan experience that transcends physical boundaries.""The partnership between CBI and Norwich City F.C. is set to redefine fan engagement in football and revolutionize the way clubs connect with their supporters. Football at AlphaVerse serves as a testament to the joint commitment of both organizations to deliver immersive  interactive  and unforgettable experiences for football fans worldwide.Disclaimer :The realization of projects  as well as their operational budget and financing plan  are fundamentally subject to uncertainties  and the non-realization of underlying assumptions can have a significant impact on the value of assets and liabilities.ABOUT CRYPTO BLOCKCHAIN INDUSTRIESCrypto Blockchain Industries (CBI) is a French company that develops  operates  and invests in video games  professional applications  and selective projects related to blockchain  Non-Fungible Tokens (NFTs)  and cryptocurrencies. Founded by renowned video game industry entrepreneur and blockchain pioneer Frédéric Chesnais  CBI aims to develop and enhance a portfolio of blockchain activities spanning various sectors. CBI shares are listed on the E2 (public offering) group on the Euronext Growth market. For more information  visit www.cbicorp.io .ABOUT NORWICH CITY F.CNorwich City Football Club (also known as The Canaries or The Yellows) is an English professional football club based in Norwich  Norfolk. Norwich competes in the EFL Championship and was founded in 1902. Since 1935 Carrow Road is the home of Norwich City Football Club and its fans. For more information  visit https://www.canaries.co.uk/ContactEmetteurCBIFrédéric CHESNAISPDGfredchesnais@cbicorp.iowww.cbicorp.io Sponsor ListingAtout CapitalRodolphe OSSOLArodolphe.ossola@atoutcapital.com Communication FinancièreCalyptusDarius Dinu+33 1 53 65 68 68cbi@calyptus.netAttachment",neutral,0.12,0.87,0.01,mixed,0.43,0.37,0.2,True,English,"['Norwich City F.C. Form Partnership', 'Revolutionary Fan Experience', 'CBI', 'Football', 'Norwich City F.C. Form Partnership', 'renowned video game industry entrepreneur', 'Norwich City F.C. fans', 'Frédéric Chesnais', 'E2 (public offering) group', 'iconic Carrow Road stadium', 'Norwich City Football Club', 'English professional football club', 'other exclusive content', 'Euronext Growth market', 'Communication Financière', 'expansive digital ecosystem', 'diverse virtual spaces', 'new revenue streams', 'devoted fan base', 'Crypto Blockchain Industries', 'Revolutionary Fan Experience', 'unparalleled fan experience', 'Euronext-listed French company', 'io Sponsor Listing', 'valuable digital assets', 'innovative 3D world', 'groundbreaking partnership agreement', 'video games', 'professional applications', 'digital world', 'fan engagement', 'digital environments', '3D replica', 'virtual events', 'new opportunities', 'groundbreaking initiative', 'crypto projects', 'blockchain solutions', 'blockchain pioneer', 'blockchain activities', 'business applications', 'exciting milestone', 'favorite team', 'wide array', 'real-world rewards', 'match tickets', 'unique insights', 'inner workings', 'Sam Jeffery', 'commercial director', 'stronger bond', 'innovative platform', 'technological expertise', 'rich heritage', 'physical boundaries', 'joint commitment', 'operational budget', 'financing plan', 'underlying assumptions', 'significant impact', 'Non-Fungible Tokens', 'various sectors', 'The Yellows', 'EFL Championship', 'Atout Capital', 'Darius Dinu', 'football fans', 'loyal fans', 'fellow fans', 'football clubs', 'selective projects', 'interactive platform', 'immersive world', 'unforgettable experiences', 'The Canaries', 'passionate supporters', 'fellow supporters', 'cbicorp.io', 'CBI shares', 'Rodolphe OSSOLA', 'Paris', 'France', 'collaboration', 'AlphaVerse', 'gap', 'power', 'technology', 'organizations', 'heart', 'chance', 'access', 'areas', 'limits', 'multitude', 'jerseys', 'meetings', 'excitement', 'ways', 'Story', 'ambitions', 'CEO', 'enthusiasm', 'testament', 'Disclaimer', 'realization', 'uncertainties', 'value', 'liabilities', 'NFTs', 'cryptocurrencies', 'portfolio', 'information', 'Norfolk', 'home', 'Contact', 'Emetteur', 'PDG', 'fredchesnais', 'Calyptus', 'Attachment']",2023-08-17,2023-08-17,finance.yahoo.com
29117,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.reuters.com/business/finance/payments-company-adyens-shares-drop-more-than-20-after-earnings-miss-2023-08-17/,Payments company Adyen's shares plummet by a third after earnings miss,Dutch payments processor Adyen NV's shares fell by a third on Thursday  wiping more than 13 billion euros off its market value  after first-half earnings missed estimates  as sales growth slowed and hiring costs hit margins.,"The Adyen logo is seen at the reception desk of the company's headquarters in Amsterdam  Netherlands  August 24  2018. REUTERS/Eva Plevier/File Photo Acquire Licensing RightsSummaryCompanies Adyen earnings miss on both sales growth and marginsShare fall reflects worries on company and sectorCompany cites US competition  hiring costsAdyen stands by medium-term financial forecastsAMSTERDAM  Aug 17 (Reuters) - Dutch payments processor Adyen NV's (ADYEN.AS) shares fell by a third on Thursday  wiping more than 13 billion euros off its market value  after first-half earnings missed estimates  as sales growth slowed and hiring costs hit margins.Analysts said the company's performance raised concerns about stretched valuations in the digital payments sector and added to worries about a general slowdown in what has been viewed as a high-growth business.Adyen  which provides services to the likes of Netflix (NFLX.O)  Meta (META.O)  Microsoft (MSFT.O) and Spotify (SPOT.N)  said revenue growth was slower in North America and that its margins were impacted by hiring costs.CEO Pieter van der Does acknowledged that competitors in the U.S.  which is Adyen's second-largest market after its European base  had won business by lowering prices. But he said it did not make sense for Adyen to engage in a price war with them.""If there is any place that you could say is most prone to price competition it would be the U.S. because you can switch more easily "" he said.He said Adyen had not lost any of its large platform customers and the competition was an ""isolated phenomenon"" for one kind of customer: merchants that process both online and in-store payments.Adyen's rivals in the US include Stripe  Braintree  Fiserv (FI.N) and PayPal (PYPL.O).The company's shares fell sharply after a delayed start on Euronext due to volatility and were down 35% at 951 euros at 1233 GMT. At current prices  the shares are down more than 20% in the year to date  surrendering gains up to Wednesday's close.""These are disappointing results  particularly the sales miss  and the key question will be whether the company can quickly revert to mid-term trend growth "" JPMorgan analysts said.Earnings before interest  tax  depreciation and amortisation (EBITDA) were 320 million euros ($348 million)  down 10% from a year earlier and below analyst forecasts of 386 million euros  Refinitiv data showed.Revenue rose 21% to 739 million euros  against Adyen's mid-term forecasts of more than 25% growth.""In some areas the business grew at a lower rate than anticipated "" the company said.Jefferies analyst Hannes Leitner said some concerns are focused on Adyen  which is still more profitable and more highly valued than peers  and some on the sector and economy.He said the economy overall is slowing and online payments growth may not be quite as fast as it was in the pre-COVID era. ""This is impacting Adyen a little more than others.""Adyen's EBITDA margin fell to 43% from 59%  which the company said was mostly because of higher wage costs as it takes on more staff. The company hired 550 full time employees as part of an accelerated hiring push  a 17% increase.A similar margin decline led to a sell-off in Adyen shares when the company reported full-year earnings in February.Adyen CFO Ethan Tandowsky told analysts hiring would remain at similar levels in the second half of 2023 before slowing.He said the company is maintaining its medium-term targets for revenue growth above 25% and an improving EBITDA margin that it expects to reach 65% in the long term. But he said it would take time for margins to expand toward that target after the current hiring push had slowed.($1 = 0.9177 euros)Reporting by Toby Sterling  additional reporting by Sinead Cruise. Editing by David Goodman  Barbara Lewis and Jane MerrimanOur Standards: The Thomson Reuters Trust Principles.",neutral,0.03,0.76,0.22,mixed,0.07,0.29,0.64,True,English,"['Payments company', 'earnings miss', 'Adyen', 'shares', 'CEO Pieter van der Does', 'The Thomson Reuters Trust Principles', 'Jefferies analyst Hannes Leitner', 'Adyen CFO Ethan Tandowsky', 'Eva Plevier/File Photo', 'large platform customers', 'Dutch payments processor', 'The Adyen logo', 'similar margin decline', '550 full time employees', 'online payments growth', 'medium-term financial forecasts', 'digital payments sector', 'higher wage costs', 'improving EBITDA margin', 'mid-term trend growth', 'margins Share fall', 'current hiring push', 'Companies Adyen earnings', 'analyst forecasts', 'mid-term forecasts', 'store payments', 'similar levels', 'medium-term targets', 'sales growth', 'hiring costs', 'reception desk', 'Licensing Rights', 'market value', 'first-half earnings', 'general slowdown', 'North America', 'U.S.', 'largest market', 'European base', 'price war', 'isolated phenomenon', 'one kind', 'current prices', 'disappointing results', 'sales miss', 'key question', 'Refinitiv data', 'lower rate', 'pre-COVID era', 'full-year earnings', 'second half', 'long term', 'Toby Sterling', 'Sinead Cruise', 'David Goodman', 'Barbara Lewis', 'Jane Merriman', 'revenue growth', 'price competition', 'Adyen NV', '13 billion euros', 'META.O', '386 million euros', '739 million euros', 'additional reporting', 'high-growth business', 'JPMorgan analysts', 'US competition', 'sector Company', 'Adyen shares', '25% growth', '951 euros', '0.9177 euros', 'headquarters', 'Amsterdam', 'Netherlands', 'Summary', 'worries', 'Aug', 'Thursday', 'estimates', 'performance', 'concerns', 'services', 'likes', 'Netflix', 'NFLX', 'Microsoft', 'MSFT.', 'Spotify', 'competitors', 'sense', 'place', 'merchants', 'rivals', 'Stripe', 'Braintree', 'Fiserv', 'FI.', 'PayPal', 'PYPL', 'start', 'Euronext', 'volatility', '1233 GMT', 'date', 'gains', 'Wednesday', 'interest', 'tax', 'depreciation', 'amortisation', 'areas', 'peers', 'economy', 'others', 'staff', 'part', '17% increase', 'sell-off', 'February', 'Editing', 'Standards']",2023-08-17,2023-08-17,reuters.com
29118,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.proactiveinvestors.com/companies/news/1023820/trust-stamp-receives-another-patent-for-identity-authentication-technology-1023820.html,Trust Stamp receives another patent for identity authentication technology,Trust Stamp  trading as T Stamp Inc (NASDAQ:IDAI  EURONEXT:AIID)  told investors that it had added another patent to its portfolio of identity,Trust Stamp  trading as T Stamp Inc (NASDAQ:IDAI  EURONEXT:AIID)  told investors that it had added another patent to its portfolio of identity,neutral,0.13,0.87,0.01,neutral,0.04,0.95,0.01,True,English,"['identity authentication technology', 'Trust Stamp', 'patent', 'T Stamp Inc', 'Trust Stamp', 'IDAI', 'EURONEXT', 'AIID', 'investors', 'patent', 'portfolio', 'identity']",2023-08-17,2023-08-17,proactiveinvestors.com
