UID,Searchword,API,URL,Title,Summary,Article,Title_Sentiment,Title_Positive,Title_Neutral,Title_Negative,Article_Sentiment,Article_Positive,Article_Neutral,Article_Negative,Verified,Language,Topics,Date,Load_Date,Source
49925,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.coindesk.com/markets/2025/04/07/ripple-bcg-project-usd18-9t-tokenized-asset-market-by-2033-but-obstacles-remain,RWA News: Tokenized Real-World Assets Could Reach $18.9T by 2033  Ripple and BCG Report Says,Tokenization of assets could save significant costs for asset managers and issuers  driving broader adoption  the report noted.,"The market for tokenized financial instruments  or real-world assets (RWAs)  could reach $18.9 trillion by 2033 as the technology's growth is nearing a ""tipping point "" according to a joint report on Monday by Boston Consulting Group (BCG) by payments-focused digital asset infrastructure firm Ripple.STORY CONTINUES BELOW Don't miss another story. Subscribe to the Crypto Long & Short Newsletter today . See all newsletters Sign me up By signing up  you will receive emails about CoinDesk products and you agree to our terms of use and privacy policy .That would mean an average 53% compound annual growth rate (CAGR)  taking the middle ground between the report's conservative scenario of $12 trillion in tokenized assets in the next eight years and a more optimistic $23.4 trillion projection.Tokenized asset market growth forecast (Ripple  BCG)Tokenization is the process of using blockchain rails to record ownership and move assets—securities  commodities  real estate. It's a red-hot sector in crypto  with several global traditional financial firms pursuing tokenization to achieve efficiency gains  faster and cheaper settlements and around-the-clock transactions. JPMorgan’s Kinexys platform has already processed more than $1.5 trillion in tokenized transactions  with over $2 billion in daily volume. BlackRock’s tokenized U.S. dollar money market fund (BUIDL)  issued with tokenization firm Securitize  nears $2 billion in assets under management and is increasingly being used in decentralized finance (DeFi).“[The] technology is ready  regulation is evolving  and foundational use cases are in the market ” said Martijn Siebrand  Digital Assets Program Manager at ABN AMRO  in the report.The report highlighted tokenized government bonds  U.S. Treasuries  as an early success  allowing corporate treasurers seamlessly shift idle cash into tokenized short-term government bonds from digital wallets without any intermediaries  managing liquidity in real time and around the clock.Private credit is another sector drawing attention  opening access to traditionally opaque and illiquid markets while offering investors clearer pricing and fractional ownership. Similarly  carbon markets are flagged as fertile ground  where blockchain-based registries could enhance transparency and traceability of emissions credits.Key challenges still lingerDespite the growth  the report identified five key barriers for broader adoption: fragmented infrastructure  limited interoperability across platforms  uneven regulatory progress  inconsistent custody frameworks  and lack of smart contract standardization. Most tokenized assets today settle in isolation  with off-chain cash legs limiting efficiency gains. Tokenized asset markets struggle to unlock secondary liquidity without shared delivery-versus-payment (DvP) standards.Regulatory clarity varies significantly by region. Switzerland  the EU  Singapore  and the United Arab Emirates have developed comprehensive legal frameworks for tokenized securities and infrastructure  while major markets like India and China remain restrictive or undefined. This uneven progress complicates cross-border operations and forces firms to tailor infrastructure market-by-market.Despite these headwinds  early adopters are expanding fast. The report identifies three phases of tokenization: low-risk adoption of familiar instruments like bonds and funds; expansion into complex products such as private credit and real estate; and full market transformation  including illiquid assets like infrastructure and private equity. Most firms are currently in the first or second phase  with scalability hinging on regulatory alignment and infrastructure maturity.Tokenization can unlock meaningful savings for processes such as bond issuances  real estate fund tokenization and collateral management  driving further growth  the report noted.Savings potential for tokenization use cases (Ripple  BCG)Cost is becoming less of a constraint for firms  the report said. Focused tokenization projects can now launch for under $2 million  while end-to-end integrations—covering issuance  custody  compliance  and trading—can cost up to $100 million for large institutions.However  without industry-wide coordinated action  the same silos and fragmentation tokenization seeks to eliminate could reemerge in digital form  said in the report Jorgen Ouaknine  global head of innovation and digital assets at Euroclear  a global financial market infrastructure provider.",neutral,0.01,0.98,0.0,negative,0.16,0.18,0.66,True,English,"['Tokenized Real-World Assets', 'RWA News', 'BCG Report', 'Ripple', 'U.S. dollar money market fund', 'average 53% compound annual growth rate', 'several global traditional financial firms', 'global financial market infrastructure provider', 'payments-focused digital asset infrastructure firm', 'Tokenized asset market growth forecast', 'Digital Assets Program Manager', 'real estate fund tokenization', 'U.S. Treasuries', 'tokenized financial instruments', 'Tokenized asset markets', 'Boston Consulting Group', 'next eight years', 'optimistic $23.4 trillion projection', 'smart contract standardization', 'United Arab Emirates', 'comprehensive legal frameworks', 'full market transformation', 'industry-wide coordinated action', 'five key barriers', 'chain cash legs', 'foundational use cases', 'short-term government bonds', 'tokenized government bonds', 'inconsistent custody frameworks', 'Focused tokenization projects', 'uneven regulatory progress', 'tokenization use cases', 'Most tokenized assets', 'global head', 'infrastructure market', 'tokenization firm', 'digital wallets', 'uneven progress', 'digital form', 'Most firms', 'tokenized transactions', 'fragmented infrastructure', 'infrastructure maturity', 'idle cash', 'real time', 'Key challenges', 'familiar instruments', 'Regulatory clarity', 'regulatory alignment', 'illiquid markets', 'carbon markets', 'major markets', 'tokenized securities', 'real-world assets', 'illiquid assets', 'tipping point', 'Short Newsletter', 'CoinDesk products', 'privacy policy', 'middle ground', 'conservative scenario', 'blockchain rails', 'efficiency gains', 'cheaper settlements', 'Kinexys platform', 'daily volume', 'decentralized finance', 'Martijn Siebrand', 'ABN AMRO', 'early success', 'corporate treasurers', 'Private credit', 'clearer pricing', 'fertile ground', 'blockchain-based registries', 'emissions credits', 'broader adoption', 'limited interoperability', 'DvP) standards', 'cross-border operations', 'early adopters', 'three phases', 'low-risk adoption', 'complex products', 'private equity', 'second phase', 'meaningful savings', 'bond issuances', 'Savings potential', 'end integrations', 'large institutions', 'same silos', 'fragmentation tokenization', 'Jorgen Ouaknine', 'Crypto Long', 'red-hot sector', 'clock transactions', 'fractional ownership', 'secondary liquidity', 'collateral management', 'joint report', 'RWAs', 'technology', 'Monday', 'BCG', 'Ripple', 'STORY', 'newsletters', 'emails', 'terms', 'CAGR', 'process', 'commodities', 'faster', 'JPMorgan', 'BlackRock', 'BUIDL', 'Securitize', 'DeFi', 'regulation', 'intermediaries', 'attention', 'access', 'opaque', 'investors', 'transparency', 'traceability', 'platforms', 'isolation', 'shared', 'delivery-versus-payment', 'region', 'Switzerland', 'EU', 'Singapore', 'India', 'China', 'headwinds', 'funds', 'expansion', 'first', 'scalability', 'Cost', 'constraint', 'compliance', 'trading', 'innovation']",2025-04-07,2025-04-08,coindesk.com
49926,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/04/07/3056983/0/en/Baltic-Horizon-Fund-notice-of-termination-of-the-SDR-program-and-delisting-from-Nasdaq-Stockholm.html,Baltic Horizon Fund - notice of termination of the SDR program and delisting from Nasdaq Stockholm,On 13 February 2025  Baltic Horizon Fund (the “Fund”) disclosed the plan to terminate the Fund’s Swedish Depositary Receipts („SDR“) program and delist the SDR from Nasdaq Stockholm: https://view.news.eu.nasdaq.com/view?id=1342914&lang=en.,On 13 February 2025  Baltic Horizon Fund (the “Fund”) disclosed the plan to terminate the Fund’s Swedish Depositary Receipts („SDR“) program and delist the SDR from Nasdaq Stockholm: https://view.news.eu.nasdaq.com/view?id=1342914&lang=en.Today  the issuer of SDRs  Nordic Issuing AB  has sent a notice of termination to the SDR holders under section 17.1 of the terms and conditions of the SDR-s (Nordic Issuing AB’s General Terms and Conditions for Swedish Depository Receipts regarding fund units in Baltic Horizon Fund  the „Terms“  available on https://www.baltichorizon.com/wp-content/uploads/2022/12/Terms-and-conditions-for-SDR.pdf). Investors are hereby notified that the SDRs will be terminated on 14 October 2025  which is the record date (the “Record Date”) for de-registration of the SDRs from the Euroclear Sweden register.As a result of the termination  every holder of the SDR must decide before the Record Date if they will sell their SDRs or convert them into the fund units held in Nasdaq CSD by giving respective notice to Nordic Issuing AB. Where no decision has been made by the holder before the Record Date  mandatory conversion will take place  provided that the respective investor has the ability to hold fund units. If the mandatory conversion is technically impossible  the underlying fund units of the remaining SDRs will be sold by Nordic Issuing AB according to section 17.2 of the Terms. Such SDR holder shall be entitled to the sale proceeds following deduction for reasonable costs  fees and taxes.The timeline for the termination of the SDRs is set out below:8 October 2025 – Last day of trading in the SDR on Nasdaq Stockholm14 October 2025 – Record Date in Euroclear Sweden for the de-registration of the SDRsFollowing the Record Date  any remaining SDRs will be mandatorily converted into fund units  or  if the conversion is not possible  the underlying fund units represented by SDRs on the Record Date will be sold by Nordic Issuing AB.In order to convert the SDRs into fund units  an investor holding the SDRs through a nominee account (the nominee-registered holder) should contact their bank  and an investor holding the SDRs directly (the direct-registered holder) should contact Nordic Issuing at info@nordic-issuing.se.The Fund invites holders of the SDRs to join its investor conference webinar on the delisting  where more information will be provided on the termination and de-listing  scheduled at 14:00 (local Estonian time) on 14 April 2025.To join the webinar  please register via the following link: https://nasdaq.zoom.us/webinar/register/WN_WA1udEFxSBO0QkxvXmz-igYou will be provided with the webinar link and instructions how to join successfully. The webinar will be recorded and available online for everyone at the company’s website on www.baltichorizon.com.For additional information  please contact:Tarmo KarotamBaltic Horizon Fund managerE-mail tarmo.karotam@nh-cap.comwww.baltichorizon.comThe Fund is a registered contractual public closed-end real estate fund that is managed by Alternative Investment Fund Manager license holder Northern Horizon Capital AS.Distribution: GlobeNewswire  Nasdaq Tallinn  Nasdaq Stockholm  www.baltichorizon.comTo receive Nasdaq announcements and news from Baltic Horizon Fund about its projects  plans and more  register on www.baltichorizon.com. You can also follow Baltic Horizon Fund on www.baltichorizon.com and on LinkedIn  Facebook  X and YouTube.,neutral,0.0,0.98,0.02,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,True,English,"['Baltic Horizon Fund', 'SDR program', 'Nasdaq Stockholm', 'notice', 'termination', 'registered contractual public closed-end real estate fund', 'Alternative Investment Fund Manager license holder', 'Tarmo Karotam Baltic Horizon Fund manager', 'Northern Horizon Capital AS', 'Swedish Depositary Receipts', 'Swedish Depository Receipts', 'local Estonian time', 'underlying fund units', 'Nordic Issuing AB', 'Euroclear Sweden register', 'Such SDR holder', 'investor conference webinar', 'registered holder', 'mail tarmo', 'The Fund', 'record date', 'sale proceeds', 'reasonable costs', 'Last day', 'following link', 'Nasdaq Stockholm', 'Nasdaq CSD', 'nasdaq.zoom', 'Nasdaq Tallinn', 'Nasdaq announcements', 'respective investor', 'mandatory conversion', 'webinar link', 'respective notice', 'nominee account', 'additional information', 'General Terms', 'remaining SDRs', 'SDR holders', 'SDR.', '13 February', 'plan', 'program', 'news', 'issuer', 'termination', 'section', 'conditions', 'SDR-s', 'https', 'baltichorizon', 'Investors', '14 October', 'registration', 'result', 'decision', 'place', 'ability', 'deduction', 'fees', 'taxes', 'timeline', 'trading', 'order', 'bank', 'delisting', 'de-listing', '14 April', 'WN_WA1udEFxSBO0QkxvXmz', 'ig', 'instructions', 'everyone', 'company', 'website', 'Distribution', 'projects', 'LinkedIn', 'Facebook', 'YouTube', '14:00']",2025-04-07,2025-04-08,globenewswire.com
49927,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/04/07/3056761/0/en/Notice-of-Annual-General-Meeting-in-Karolinska-Development-AB-publ.html,Notice of Annual General Meeting in Karolinska Development AB (publ),The shareholders of Karolinska Development AB (publ)  reg. no. 556707-5048  (“Karolinska Development” or the “Company”) are invited to the Annual General Meeting  on Thursday May 15  2025  at 3:00 p.m. (CEST)  at Nanna Svartz väg 2  171 65 Solna  Sweden.,The shareholders of Karolinska Development AB (publ)  reg. no. 556707-5048  (“Karolinska Development” or the “Company”) are invited to the Annual General Meeting  on Thursday May 15  2025  at 3:00 p.m. (CEST)  at Nanna Svartz väg 2  171 65 Solna  Sweden.The Board of Directors has resolved that shareholders shall have the right to exercise their voting rights in advance through postal voting pursuant to item 13 in the articles of association. Therefore  shareholders may choose to exercise their voting rights at the AGM by attending in person  by postal voting or through a proxy.Participation in personA shareholder who would like to participate at the AGM in person must:both be entered in the register of the shareholders maintained by Euroclear Sweden AB by Wednesday May 7  2025 and give notice of his or her intention to participate to the Company no later than Friday May 9  2025  at the address Karolinska Development  “AGM”  Nanna Svartz väg 6A  171 65  Solna  Sweden  or through email eva.montgomerie@karolinskadevelopment.com. When giving notice to participate  please provide name  personal identity number or company registration number  telephone number and number of represented shares.Participation by postal votingShareholders who wish to participate in the AGM by postal voting must:both be registered in the register of shareholders maintained by Euroclear Sweden AB as per Wednesday May 7  2025 and notify their intention to participate by submitting their postal vote in accordance with the instructions below  so that the postal vote is received by Karolinska Development no later than Friday May 9  2025.Shareholders may exercise their voting rights at the AGM by voting in advance through postal voting pursuant to item 13 in the articles of association  referring to Chapter 7  Section 4 a of the Swedish Companies Act.For advance voting  a special form must be used. Forms in Swedish and English are available for download on the Company’s website  www.karolinskadevelopment.com.The advance voting form is valid as notification of participation at the AGM.The completed advance voting form must be received by the Company no later than Friday May 9  2025. The completed form shall be sent to Karolinska Development by e-mail to eva.montgomerie@karolinskadevelopment.com or by regular mail to Karolinska Development  “AGM”  Nanna Svartz väg 6A  171 65  Solna  Sweden. The shareholder may not provide special instructions or conditions in the advance voting form. If so  the vote (i.e. the advance vote in its entirety) is invalid. Further instructions and conditions are provided in the form for advance voting.Those who wish to withdraw a submitted postal vote and instead exercise their voting rights by participating in the AGM in person or through a proxy must give notice thereof to the AGM’s secretariat prior to the opening of the AGM.Participation by proxyIf the shareholders are represented by proxy  a written proxy must be issued and submitted to the Company at the above address well in advance of the AGM. The proxy is valid during the period set forth in the proxy  however  at most five years from the issuance. If a proxy is issued by a legal entity  a copy of the legal entity's registration certificate or similar document evidencing signatory powers must be enclosed. Proxy forms in Swedish and English are available for download on the Company’s website  www.karolinskadevelopment.com.Nominee registered sharesFor shareholders who have their shares nominee-registered through a bank or other nominee  the following applies in order to be entitled to participate in the meeting. In addition to giving notice of participation  such shareholder must re-register its shares in its own name so that the shareholder is registered in the share register kept by Euroclear Sweden AB as of the record date Wednesday May 7  2025. Such re-registration may be temporary (so-called voting rights registration). Shareholders who wish to register their shares in their own names must  in accordance with the respective nominee’s routines  request that the nominee make such registration. Voting rights registration that have been requested by the shareholder at such time that the registration has been completed by the nominee no later than Friday May 9  2025  will be taken into account in the preparation of the share register.Proposal for agenda1. Election of chairman of the meeting2. Preparation and approval of the voting list3. Approval of the agenda4. Election of one or two persons to verify the minutes5. Determination of whether the meeting was duly convened6. Presentation of the annual report and the auditor’s report and the group annual report and the auditor’s group report7. Resolutions regardinga) adoption of the profit and loss statement and the balance sheet  and consolidated profit and loss statement and consolidated balance sheetb) appropriation of the Company’s result according to the adopted balance sheetc) discharge from liability for the directors and the CEO8. Resolution regarding the number of directors and auditors and deputy auditors to be appointed9. Resolution in respect of the fees for the Board of Directors and for the auditors10. Election of chairman of the Board of Directors  directors and auditors and deputy auditors11. Principles for appointing members and instruction for the Nomination Committee12. Resolution on approval of the Board of Directors’ Remuneration Report 202413. The Board of Directors’ proposal regarding authorization for the Board of Directors to resolve on transfer of own shares14. The Board of Directors’ proposal regarding authorization for the Board of Directors to resolve on new issues of shares15. Closing of the meetingItems 1 and 8–11: The Nomination Committee’s proposal regarding chairman at the meeting; number of directors  auditors and deputy auditors to be appointed; fees for the Board of Directors and auditors; election of chairman of the Board of Directors  directors  auditors and deputy auditors and principles for appointing members and instruction for the Nomination CommitteeThe Nomination Committee has consisted of Yan Cheng (chairman)  appointed by Worldwide International Investments Ltd; Jack Li  appointed by invoX Pharma Ltd; Jan Dworsky  appointed by Swedbank Robur Microcap fond; Hans Wigzell  appointed by Insamlingsstiftelsen för främjande och utveckling av medicinsk forskning vid KI; Peter Markborn  appointed by Styviken Invest AS.The Nomination Committee proposes that the Annual General Meeting resolves as follows:Lawyer Annika Andersson (Cirio Law Firm) is appointed to chair the Annual General Meeting.The number of directors will be five and no deputies will be appointed.The number of auditors will be one and no deputy auditor will be appointed.The chairman will be paid a fixed amount of SEK 400 000 to be paid out in proportion to board meetings attended. All other directors will be paid a fixed amount of SEK 200 000 to be paid out in proportion to board meetings attended. The fees to the directors remain unchanged compared to previous year.The auditors will be paid as per invoice.Re-election of the directors Ben Toogood  Anna Lefevre Skjöldebrand  Philip Duong and Will Zeng  and election of Anders Härfstrand as director for the time until the end of the 2026 Annual General Meeting.Re-election of Ben Toogood as new Chairman of the Board of Directors.Anders Härfstrand was born 1956. He holds a M.D and Ph.D from the Karolinska Institute. His other appointments include work as founder of Härfstrand Consulting AG  Switzerland  co- founder of P4BIOS  USA and consultant to CIS Biopharma  Switzerland. Anders Härfstrand has many years of experience from the pharmaceutical industry with a global track record of success in building commercial operations  marketing and sales management  and product development. His previous assignments include member of the executive management of Pharmacia  Pfizer-Japan and Serono  CEO for various European biotech companies as well as chairman of the board and board member of public and private companies in the USA and Europe. He has also been a former board member of Karolinska Development. Anders Härfstrand holds no shares in Karolinska Development. He is independent in relation to the Company  its executive management and the Company’s major shareholders.The composition of the Board of Directors meets the independence requirement of the Swedish Corporate Governance Code.The Nomination Committee proposes that voting shall take place individually.Re-election of Ernst & Young Aktiebolag as auditor in accordance with the audit committee’s recommendation  currently with Oskar Wall as auditor in charge  for the time until the end of the 2026 Annual General Meeting. The audit committee has prior to the 2025 Annual General Meeting carried out a procurement process as procurement of audit in accordance with applicable legislation shall take place after the same accounting firm has been auditor for a ten-year period.The Nomination Committee shall have five members. Every year  the five largest owners (voting power  as set forth in the share register kept by Euroclear Sweden AB as of the last banking day in August) shall appoint one member each. The chairman of the Board of Directors shall convene the first meeting. If a shareholder does not exercise its right to appoint a member  the shareholder next in order of voting power  who has not already appointed a member or has a right to appoint a member  shall have the right to appoint a member to the Nominating Committee. The members of the Nomination Committee shall be made public as soon as the members have been appointed  and in no case later than six months prior to the Annual General Meeting. The members shall among themselves appoint the chairman of the committee. If a member resigns or is prevented from pursuing his/her assignment  the shareholder that has appointed such member shall appoint a new member. In the event that the shareholding in the Company is materially changed  before the Nomination Committee has completed its assignment  the Nomination Committee may decide to change the composition of the Nomination Committee  as determined by the Nomination Committee (considering the principles applicable for the appointment of the Nomination Committee). Any change in the composition of the Nomination Committee shall be announced as soon as possible. No fees shall be paid to the members of the Nomination Committee. Out of pocket expenses shall be reimbursed by the Company. The mandate of the committee shall be until the members of the succeeding committee have been announced.The Nomination Committee is to make proposals to the Annual General Meeting regarding the election of Chair of the Annual General Meeting  number of board members  Chair of the Board and other board members and remuneration to the board members. The Nomination Committee is also to make proposals regarding the Company’s auditor  remuneration to the Company’s auditor and election of members of the Nomination Committee or principles for the selection of a Nomination Committee. The Nomination Committee shall conduct an annual evaluation of this instruction and when necessary propose to amend it to the Annual General Meeting. The Nomination Committee shall otherwise carry out the tasks that  according to the Swedish Corporate Governance Code  are the responsibility of the Nomination Committee.Item 7 b: Appropriation of the Company’s result according to the adopted balance sheetThe Board of Directors and the CEO propose that the amount at disposal of the Annual General Meeting  in total SEK 1 235 972 877  shall be carried forward.Item 12: Resolution on approval of the Board of Directors’ Remuneration Report 2024The Board of Directors proposes that the AGM approve the Board of Directors’ remuneration report for 2024 in accordance with Chapter 8  Section 53 a of the Swedish Companies Act.Item 13: The Board of Directors’ proposal regarding authorization for the Board of Directors to resolve on transfer of own sharesThe Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting resolves to authorize the Board of Directors  for the period until the next Annual General Meeting  on one or more occasions  with or without deviation from the shareholders’ preferential rights  to resolve on transfer of all shares of series B held by the Company at any given time. The Company holds 244 285 shares of series B at the time of the publication of this notice. Transfer may take place on Nasdaq Stockholm or otherwise. Transfer on Nasdaq Stockholm shall be made at a price per share within the registered price interval at any given time  being the interval between the highest bid and lowest ask price. Otherwise  transfer shall be made on market terms. Payment for shares shall be made in cash  in kind or by set-off.The purpose of the authorization for transferring own shares and the reasons for potential deviation from the shareholders’ preferential rights  is to give the Board of Directors the possibility to adjust the Company’s capital structure  to use repurchased shares as payment for  or financing of  acquisitions or investments in order to create increased value for the shareholders.A resolution in accordance with the Board of Directors’ proposal requires support from shareholders with not less than 2/3 of votes cast as well as shares represented at the meeting.Item 14: The Board of Directors’ proposal regarding authorization for the Board of Directors to resolve on new issues of sharesThe Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting resolves to authorize the Board of Directors  for the period until the next Annual General Meeting to resolve  on one or more occasions  with or without deviation from the shareholders’ preferential rights  and for payment in cash  by set-off or in kind  to issue new shares of series B up to a number that  at the time of the first resolution under this authorization  corresponds to twenty (20) per cent of the total share capital; provided however that any such issue must not result in the Company’s share capital exceeding the Company’s maximum allowed share capital as set out in the articles of association.A resolution in accordance with the Board of Directors’ proposal requires support from shareholders with not less than 2/3 of votes cast as well as shares represented at the meeting.MiscellaneousThe annual report  auditor’s report  remuneration report and other documents that are to be made available in accordance with the Swedish Companies Act  are available at the Company on Nanna Svartz väg 2  171 65  Solna  Sweden and at the Company’s website  www.karolinskadevelopment.com  no later than three weeks before the AGM  and will be sent to shareholders who so request and provide their postal address.The Board of Directors and the CEO shall  if requested by any shareholder and if the Board of Directors is of the opinion that it can be done without causing material harm to the Company  provide disclosures about conditions that may impact assessment of an item of business on the agenda  about conditions that may impact assessment of the Company’s or a subsidiary’s financial situation  and about the Company’s relationship with another group company.As per the date of this notice  there are 270 077 594 shares  representing a total of 293 074 943 votes outstanding in the Company  distributed among 2 555 261 shares of series A (with 25 552 610 votes) and 267 522 333 shares of series B (with 267 522 333 votes). As per the date of this notice  the Company holds 244 285 treasury shares of series B.Processing of personal dataFor information on how your personal data is processed in connection to the Annual General Meeting see the privacy policy available on Euroclear Sweden AB’s website: https://www.euroclear.com/dam/ESwithLegal/Privacy-notice-bolagsstammor-engelska.pdfSolna in April 2025Karolinska Development AB (publ)The Board of DirectorsAttachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.47,0.23,0.3,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'Karolinska Development AB', 'Notice', 'Nanna Svartz väg 6A', 'most five years', 'similar document evidencing', 'Euroclear Sweden AB', 'personal identity number', 'Swedish Companies Act', 'Karolinska Development AB', 'consolidated balance sheet', 'Annual General Meeting', 'group annual report', 'voting rights registration', 'advance voting form', 'Nominee registered shares', 'company registration number', 'group report', 'special form', 'completed form', 'postal voting', 'voting list', 'registration certificate', 'Thursday May', 'Wednesday May', 'Friday May', 'telephone number', 'legal entity', 'signatory powers', 'record date', 'Such re-registration', 'two persons', 'loss statement', 'consolidated profit', 'postal vote', 'advance vote', 'other nominee', 'respective nominee', 'special instructions', 'Further instructions', 'regular mail', 'share register', 'Proxy forms', 'shareholders', 'publ', 'CEST', '65 Solna', 'Board', 'Directors', 'item', 'articles', 'association', 'AGM', 'Participation', 'notice', 'intention', 'address', 'email', 'montgomerie', 'karolinskadevelopment', 'name', 'represented', 'accordance', 'Chapter', 'Section', 'English', 'download', 'website', 'notification', 'eva', 'conditions', 'entirety', 'secretariat', 'opening', 'written', 'period', 'issuance', 'copy', 'bank', 'order', 'addition', 'routines', 'time', 'account', 'preparation', 'Proposal', 'agenda', 'Election', 'chairman', 'approval', 'minutes', 'Determination', 'Presentation', 'auditor', 'Resolutions', 'adoption', 'appropriation', 'result', 'discharge', 'liability', 'CEO', '3:00', '171']",2025-04-07,2025-04-08,globenewswire.com
49928,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/04/07/3056467/0/en/Notice-to-the-Annual-General-Meeting-of-Dovre-Group-Plc.html,Notice to the Annual General Meeting of Dovre Group Plc,Dovre Group Plc                        Stock Exchange Release                                April 7  2025 at 11:30 am  NOTICE TO THE ANNUAL GENERAL......,Dovre Group Plc Stock Exchange Release April 7  2025 at 11:30 amNOTICE TO THE ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING OF DOVRE GROUP PLCNotice is given to the shareholders of Dovre Group Plc (‘Company’) to the Annual General Meeting (‘AGM’) to be held on Tuesday  April 29  2025 at 2.30 p.m. at Helsingin Suomalainen Klubi (The Helsinki Finnish Club)  Kansakoulukuja 3  00100 Helsinki. The reception of the persons who have registered for the meeting and the distribution of voting tickets will commence at 2.00 p.m. at the meeting venue.A. MATTERS ON THE AGENDA OF THE ANNUAL GENERAL MEETINGAt the AGM  the following matters will be considered:1. Opening of the meeting2. Calling the meeting to order3. Election of persons to scrutinize the minutes and to verify the counting of votes4. Recording the legality of the meeting5. Recording the attendance at the meeting and adoption of the voting list6. Presentation of the annual accounts 2024  the report of the Board of Directors and the auditor's report- Review by the Acting CEO of Dovre Group Plc- Presentation of the EPC business model by Ilari Koskelo7. Adoption of the annual accounts8. Resolution on the use of the profit shown on the balance sheet and resolution on the distribution of dividendThe parent company’s distributable funds as on December 31  2024 amounted to EUR 16 951 447.40. Board of Directors proposes to the AGM that no dividend is paid. The Board is nevertheless considering convening an Extraordinary General Meeting in autumn 2025 to resolve on dividend distribution  once the Company's situation has become more clear.Shareholders representing over fourteen (14) percent of the Company’s shares have proposed to the Annual General meeting to resolve to pay a dividend of EUR 0.06 per share.9. Resolution on the discharge of the members of the Board of Directors and the CEO from liability10. Adoption of the remuneration report for governing bodiesThe Board of Directors proposes to the AGM that the AGM adopts the remuneration report for the financial year 2024.11. Resolution on the remuneration of the members of the Board of DirectorsBoard of Directors proposes to the AGM that the annual remuneration payable to the Board members shall be as follows: The Chairman of the Board is paid EUR 35 000 (previously 40 000)  the Vice Chairman of the Board EUR 30 000 (previously 33 000)  and each other member of the Board EUR 25 000.In addition  it is proposed that reasonable travel expenses incurred by the Board members be compensated according to the actual costs.The remuneration of the members of the Board of Directors shall be paid in cash.12. Resolution on the number of members of the Board of DirectorsThe shareholders representing over 25% of the total shares in the Company have indicated to propose to the AGM that the number of Board members be three (3).13. Election of the members of the Board of DirectorsThe shareholders representing over 25% of the total shares in the Company have indicated to propose to the AGM that current members of the Board  Ilari Koskelo  Antti Manninen and Sanna Outa-Ollila be re-elected as members of the Board. Following the sale of Dovre Group's international operations  Svein Stavelin has announced that he is no longer available for re-election.14. Resolution on the remuneration of the auditorThe Board of Directors proposes to the AGM that the auditor’s fee shall be paid according to the approved reasonable invoice from the auditor.15. Election of the auditorThe Board of Directors proposes to the AGM that one (1) auditor be elected for the Company. The Board of Directors proposes that Authorized Public Accountant firm BDO Oy be elected as the Company’s auditor. BDO Oy has informed that Authorized Public Accountant and Authorized Sustainability Auditor Henrik Juth would act as the principally responsible auditor.16. Resolution on the remuneration of the sustainability reporting assurerThe Board of Directors proposes to the General Meeting that the sustainability reporting assurer to be elected is reimbursed as per their invoice approved by the company.17. Election of the sustainability reporting assurerThe Board of Directors proposes to the General Meeting that the sustainability audit firm BDO Oy be elected as the company's sustainability reporting assurer for the term ending at the conclusion of the following annual general meeting. BDO Oy has informed that Authorized Public Accountant and Authorized Sustainability Auditor Henrik Juth would act as the principally responsible sustainability reporting assurer.18. Authorizing the Board of Directors to decide on the repurchase of the Company’s own sharesThe Board of Directors proposes to the AGM that the Board of Directors be authorized to decide on the repurchase of the Company’s own shares on the following conditions:a) By virtue of the authorization  the Board is entitled to decide on repurchase of a maximum of 10 100 000 of the Company’s own shares  corresponding to a maximum of approximately 9.5% of all shares in the Company.b) The Company’s own shares may be repurchased in deviation from the proportion to the holdings of the shareholders using the non-restricted equity and acquired on regulated market through trading on Nasdaq Helsinki Ltd at the share price prevailing at the time of acquisition. Shares will be acquired and paid for in accordance with the rules of Nasdaq Helsinki Ltd and Euroclear Finland Ltd.c) The shares may be repurchased in order to be used as consideration in possible acquisitions or other arrangements related to the Company’s business  to finance investments or as part of the Company’s incentive program or the be held  otherwise conveyed or cancelled by the Company.The Board of Directors shall decide on other matters related to repurchase of the Company’s own shares.The repurchase authorization is valid until June 30  2026. The authorization revokes previous authorizations to acquire the Company’s own shares.19. Authorizing the Board of Directors to decide on the issuance of shares as well as the issuance of other special rights entitling to sharesThe Board of Directors proposes to the AGM that the Board of Directors be authorized to decide on(i) the issuance of new shares and/or(ii) the conveyance of the Company’s own shares and/or(iii) the granting of special rights referred to in Chapter 10  Section 1 of the Finnish Companies Act  on the following conditions:By virtue of the authorization  the Board may also decide on a directed issue of shares and special rights  i.e. in deviation of the pre-emptive subscription rights of the shareholders  under the requirements of the law. By virtue of the authorization  a maximum of 10 100 000 shares may be issued  corresponding to a maximum of 9.5% of the Company’s existing shares.The Board may use the authorization in one or more instalments. The Board may use the authorization to finance or conclude acquisitions or other arrangements  to strengthen the Company’s capital structure  for incentive programs or for other purposes decided by the Board. The new shares may be issued or the Company’s own shares conveyed either against payment or free of charge. The new shares may also be issued as an issue without payment to the Company itself. The Board is authorized to decide on other terms of the issuance of shares and special rights. By virtue of the authorization  the Board of Directors may decide on the realization of the Company’s own shares possibly held by the Company as pledge.The authorization is valid until June 30  2026. The authorization revokes earlier authorizations to issue shares and grant option rights and other special rights entitling to shares.20. Closing of the meetingB. DOCUMENTS OF THE ANNUAL GENERAL MEETINGThe above mentioned proposals of the Board of Directors relating to the agenda of the AGM as well as this notice are available on the Company’s website www.dovregroup.com. The Company’s annual report  which includes the Company’s financial statements  the report of the Board of Directors  the auditor’s report and the Corporate Government Statement  as well as the remuneration report  have been published in electronic form on the Company’s website during April 3  2025. The proposals of the Board of Directors and the financial statements are also available at the AGM. Copies of these documents and of this notice will be sent to shareholders upon request.C. INSTRUCTIONS FOR THE PARTICIPANTS IN THE ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING1. Shareholder registered in the shareholders’ registerA shareholder who is registered in the shareholders’ register of the Company maintained by Euroclear Finland Ltd  on the record date April 15  2025  has the right to participate in the AGM. A shareholder  whose shares are registered on his/her personal Finnish book-entry account  is registered in the shareholder register of the Company.The registration period for the AGM commences on April 7  2025. A shareholder  who is registered in the shareholder register of the Company and who wants to participate in the AGM  must register no later than on April 24  2025 10:00 a.m.  by which time the registration must be received.Registration for the AGM can be made:a) on Dovre Group Plc’s website at https://www.dovregroup.com/investors/releases-and-events/b) by email to mette.aalto@dovregroup.comc) by telephone to Dovre Group Plc/Mette Aalto  tel. +358 40 668 6756In connection with the registration  a shareholder shall notify his/her name  personal identification number or business ID  address  telephone number  and the name of a possible assistant or proxy representative and the personal identification number of a proxy representative. The personal data given to Dovre Group Plc is used only in connection with the AGM and with the processing of related necessary registrations.2. Holders of nominee registered sharesA holder of nominee registered shares has the right to participate in the AGM by virtue of such shares  based on which he/she would be entitled to be registered in the shareholder register of the Company maintained by Euroclear Finland Ltd on the record date of the AGM on April 15  2025. The right to participate requires  in addition  that the shareholder has  on the basis of such shares  been registered into the temporary shareholder register maintained by Euroclear Finland Ltd. at the latest by April 24  2025 by 10:00 a.m. In regards to nominee registered shares this constitutes due registration for the AGM. Changes in shareholding after the record date of the AGM do not affect the right to participate in the AGM or the number of votes of the shareholder.A holder of nominee registered shares is advised to request without delay necessary instructions regarding the registration in the temporary shareholder register of the Company  the issuing of proxy documents and registration for the AGM from his/her custodian bank. The account management organization of the custodian bank has to register a holder of nominee registered shares  who wants to participate in the AGM  into the temporary shareholder register of the Company at the latest by April 24  2025 by 10:00 a.m.3. Proxy representative and powers of attorneyA shareholder may participate in the AGM and exercise his/her rights at the meeting through aproxy representative. A proxy representative shall produce a duly dated proxy document or otherwise in a reliable manner demonstrate his/her right to represent the shareholder at the AGM. When a shareholder participates in the AGM by means of several proxy representatives representing the shareholder with shares at different securities accounts  the shares by which each proxy representative represents the shareholder shall be identified in connection with the registration for the AGM.Any proxy documents should be delivered in original to Dovre Group Plc/Mette Aalto  Ahventie 4 B  02170 Espoo  Finland  or as a scanned copy by email to mette.aalto@dovregroup.com by the last date of registration. In addition to the delivery of the proxy documents the shareholder or the proxy representative shall register for the AGM as described in this notice.4. Other informationPursuant to Chapter 5  Section 25 of the Companies Act  a shareholder who is present at the AGM has the right to request information with respect to the matters to be considered at the meetingOn the date of this notice to the AGM  the total number of shares and votes in Dovre Group Plc is 105 956 494.Espoo  April 7  2025DOVRE GROUP PLCBoard of DirectorsFor further information please contact Mrs Sanna Outa-Ollila  Acting CEO  tel. +358 20 436 2000 or Mr Hans Sten  CFO  tel. +358 20 436 2000.DISTRIBUTIONNasdaq HelsinkiMain mediawww.dovregroup.comAttachment,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.97,0.02,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'Dovre Group Plc', 'Notice', 'Dovre Group Plc Stock Exchange Release', 'Authorized Sustainability Auditor Henrik Juth', 'Authorized Public Accountant firm', 'responsible sustainability reporting assurer', 'The Helsinki Finnish Club', 'following annual general meeting', 'sustainability audit firm', 'Helsingin Suomalainen Klubi', 'EPC business model', 'reasonable travel expenses', 'Extraordinary General Meeting', 'responsible auditor', 'annual accounts', 'following matters', 'following conditions', 'annual remuneration', 'meeting venue', 'voting tickets', 'A. MATTERS', 'voting list', 'Ilari Koskelo', 'balance sheet', 'distributable funds', 'fourteen (14) percent', 'governing bodies', 'financial year', 'other member', 'actual costs', 'Antti Manninen', 'Sanna Outa-Ollila', 'international operations', 'Svein Stavelin', 'reasonable invoice', 'one (1) auditor', 'BDO Oy', 'Acting CEO', 'Vice Chairman', 'current members', 'total shares', 'parent company', 'The Board', 'remuneration report', 'Board members', 'dividend distribution', '00100 Helsinki', 'NOTICE', 'shareholders', 'AGM', 'Tuesday', 'April', 'Kansakoulukuja', 'reception', 'persons', 'AGENDA', 'Opening', 'Election', 'minutes', 'counting', 'votes', 'legality', 'attendance', 'adoption', 'Presentation', 'Directors', 'Review', 'Resolution', 'use', 'profit', 'December', 'autumn', 'situation', 'EUR', 'discharge', 'liability', 'addition', 'cash', 'number', 'sale', 'fee', 'term', 'conclusion', 'repurchase', 'virtue', 'authorization', 'maximum', '11:30', '2.30', '2.00', '6']",2025-04-07,2025-04-08,globenewswire.com
49929,Euroclear,Bing API,https://www.crowdfundinsider.com/2025/04/238248-euroclear-joins-hkmas-project-ensemble-will-focus-on-tokenization-ecosystem-in-hong-kong/,Euroclear Joins HKMA’s Project Ensemble  Will Focus on Tokenization Ecosystem in Hong Kong,Euroclear is pleased to announce its participation in the Hong Kong Monetary Authority’s (HKMA) Project Ensemble.,Euroclear is pleased to announce its participation in the Hong Kong Monetary Authority’s (HKMA) Project Ensemble.,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.96,0.04,0.0,True,English,"['Project Ensemble', 'Tokenization Ecosystem', 'Hong Kong', 'Euroclear', 'HKMA', 'Hong Kong Monetary Authority', 'HKMA) Project Ensemble', 'Euroclear', 'participation']",2025-04-08,2025-04-08,crowdfundinsider.com
49930,Euroclear,Bing API,https://www.taiwannews.com.tw/en/news/6080159,Resolutions of Oma Savings Bank Plc’s Annual General Meeting,OMA SAVINGS BANK PLC STOCK EXCHANGE RELEASE  8 APRIL 2025 AT 5:10 P.M. EET  DECISIONS OF GENERAL MEETING,OMA SAVINGS BANK PLC STOCK EXCHANGE RELEASE  8 APRIL 2025 AT 5:10 P.M. EET  DECISIONS OF GENERAL MEETINGResolutions of Oma Savings Bank Plc’s Annual General MeetingOma Savings Bank Plc’s Annual General Meeting (the AGM) was held today on 8 April 2025. The AGM confirmed the Company's Financial Statements and Consolidated Financial Statements for the 2024 financial year  decided to support the Company's Remuneration Policy for governing bodies and approved the Remuneration Report for governing bodies through an advisory resolution. The AGM granted discharge from liability to the members of the Company's Board of Directors and the interim CEO Sarianna Liiri  who served as CEO since 19 June 2024. However  the AGM did not grant discharge from liability to the Company’s CEO Pasi Sydänlammi  who served as CEO until 19 June 2024.In addition  the AGM decided on the following matters:Resolution on the use of the profit shown on balance sheet and the payment of dividendIn accordance with the Board's proposal  the AGM decided to pay dividend of EUR 0.36 per share based on the balance sheet adopted for the financial year 2024. The dividend will be paid to a shareholder who is registered in the Company’s shareholder register maintained by Euroclear Finland Ltd on the record date 10 April 2025. The dividend will be paid on 17 April 2025 in accordance with the rules of Euroclear Finland Ltd.Remuneration of the Board of DirectorsIn accordance with the proposal of the Shareholders’ Nomination Committee  the AGM decided to pay the following annual remuneration to the members of the Board of Directors for the term ending at the AGM 2026: EUR 85 000 per year to the Chair  EUR 60 000 per year to the Vice Chair and for other members EUR 40 000 per year. The annual remuneration to the Chairs of the Board Committees are as follows: Chair of the Remuneration Committee EUR 6 000  Chair of the Risk Committee EUR 9 000 and Chair of the Audit Committee EUR 9 000. In addition  the meeting fees of EUR 1 000 for each Board and Committee meeting and EUR 500 for each email meeting will be paid.Twenty-five (25) percent of the annual remuneration of the Board of Directors will be paid in the form of Oma Savings Bank Plc’s shares acquired from the market on behalf of the members of the Board of Directors. The shares will be acquired at a price formed on the market in public trading following the publication of the interim report for the period 1 January to 31 March 2025. The Company is responsible for the costs of acquiring the shares and any transfer tax. The rest of the annual fee is paid in cash to cover the taxes arising from the fee.In addition  Oma Savings Bank Plc pays or reimburses travel expenses and other expenses related to board work to the members of the Board of Directors.Number and election of the Board of DirectorsThe number of members of the Board of Directors was confirmed to be seven. Juhana Brotherus  Irma Gillberg-Hjelt  Aki Jaskari  Jaakko Ossa  Carl Pettersson  Kati Riikonen and Juha Volotinen were re-elected as Board members for a term ending at the end of the 2026 AGM.Election and remuneration of the auditorKPMG Oy Ab  a firm of authorised public accountants  was elected to continue as auditor for a term ending at the 2026 AGM. M.Sc (Econ.)  APA Tuomas Ilveskoski will continue as responsible auditor. The auditor is paid based on reasonable invoicing approved by the Company.Election and remuneration of the sustainability reporting assurerKPMG Oy Ab  Authorized Sustainability Audit Firm  was elected as the Company’s sustainability reporting assurer for the term ending upon the conclusion of the 2026 AGM. APA  ASA Tuomas Ilveskoski will act as the principally responsible sustainability reporting assurer. The sustainability reporting assurer is paid based on reasonable invoicing approved by the Company.Amendment of the Articles of AssociationIn accordance with the Board's proposal  the AGM decided to amend the Company’s current Articles of Association as follows:Amending Section 6 by removing the provision regarding the due date for the Nomination Committee’s proposals.Supplementing Section 10 to enable remote general meetings. The Board can decide that general meetings are held without a physical meeting venue  allowing shareholders to exercise their decision-making rights in full and in real time through telecommunication and technical means (remote meeting).Supplementing Section 12 to include provisions on deciding the remuneration of the sustainability reporting assurer and the appointment of the sustainability reporting assurer at general meetings.Resolution on the revised charter of the Shareholders’ Nomination CommitteeThe AGM decided on the revisions to the Shareholders’ Nomination Committee Charter. The Nomination Committee is to submit its proposals regarding the composition and remuneration of the Board of Directors to the Company’s Board no later than the end of the calendar month preceding the Board meeting that decides on convening the AGM.Additionally  the charter is amended to include a provision on the maximum continuous term of a Board member  ensuring alignment with the regulations  guidelines  and statements applicable to credit institutions  including the guidelines issued by the European Banking Authority (EBA). Certain technical revisions were also made.The Shareholders’ Nomination Committee charter is available on the Company’s website at https://www.omasp.fi/en/investors/management-and-corporate-governance/nomination-committeeAuthorisation of the Board of Directors to resolve on a share issue  the transfer of own shares and the issuance of special rights entitling to sharesThe AGM decided  in accordance with the Board of Directors’ proposal to authorise the Board of Directors to resolve on the issuance of shares or transfer of the Company’s shares and the issuance of special rights entitling to shares referred to in Chapter 10  Section 1 of the Finnish Companies Act  subject to the following conditions:Shares and special rights can be issued or disposed of in one or more instalments  either in return for payment or free of charge.The total number of shares to be issued under the authorisation  including shares acquired on the basis of special rights  cannot exceed 3 000 000 shares  which corresponds to approximately 9 percent of the Company’s total number of shares on the day of the AGM as at the notice of the meeting.The Board of Directors decides on all terms and conditions related to the issuance of shares. The authorisation concerns both the issuance of new shares and the transfer of own shares. A share issue and the issuance of special rights entitling to shares include the right to deviate from the pre-emptive right of shareholders if there is a weighty financial reason for the Company (special issue). A special share issue may be free of charge only if there is a particularly weighty financial reason from the point of view of the Company and in the interest of all its shareholders.The authorisation is valid until the end of the next AGM  but not later than 30 June 2026. The authorisation revokes previous authorisations given by the AGM to decide on a share issue  as well as the option rights and the issuance of special rights entitling to shares.Authorising the Board of Directors to decide on the repurchase of own sharesThe AGM decided  in accordance with the Board of Directors’ proposal  to authorise the Board of Directors to decide on the repurchase of the Company’s own shares with funds belonging to the Company’s free equity under the following conditions:Maximum number of 1 000 000 own shares may be repurchased  representing approximately 3 percent of the Company’s total shares according to the situation on the date of the notice of the meeting  however  in a manner that the number of own shares held by the Company does not exceed 10 percent of the Company’s total shares of the Company at any time. This amount includes the own shares held by the Company itself and its subsidiaries within the meaning of Chapter 15  Section 11 (1) of the Finnish Companies Act.The Board of Directors is authorised to decide how to acquire own shares. Shares purchased by the Company may be held by it  cancelled or transferred. The Board of Directors decides on other matters related to the repurchasing of own shares.The authorisation is valid until the closing of the next AGM  but not later than 30 June 2026.The minutes of the Annual General MeetingThe minutes of the AGM will be available on the Company’s website latest 22 April 2025.Oma Savings Bank PlcAdditional information:Karri Alameri  CEO  tel. +358 45 656 5250  [email protected]Sarianna Liiri  CFO  tel. +358 40 835 6712  [email protected]DISTRIBUTION:Nasdaq Helsinki LtdMajor mediawww.omasp.fiOmaSp is a solvent and profitable Finnish bank. About 500 professionals provide nationwide services through OmaSp’s 48 branch offices and digital service channels to over 200 000 private and corporate customers. OmaSp focuses primarily on retail banking operations and provides its clients with a broad range of banking services both through its own balance sheet as well as by acting as an intermediary for its partners’ products. The intermediated products include credit  investment and loan insurance products. OmaSp is also engaged in mortgage banking operations.OmaSp core idea is to provide personal service and to be local and close to its customers  both in digital and traditional channels. OmaSp strives to offer premium level customer experience through personal service and easy accessibility. In addition  the development of the operations and services is customer-oriented. The personnel is committed and OmaSp seeks to support their career development with versatile tasks and continuous development. A substantial part of the personnel also own shares in OmaSp.,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.37,0.63,True,English,"['Oma Savings Bank Plc', 'Annual General Meeting', 'Resolutions', 'OMA SAVINGS BANK PLC STOCK EXCHANGE RELEASE', 'Authorized Sustainability Audit Firm', 'Shareholders’ Nomination Committee Charter', 'Pasi Sydänlammi', 'Euroclear Finland Ltd', 'KPMG Oy Ab', 'ASA Tuomas Ilveskoski', 'sustainability reporting assurer', 'authorised public accountants', 'physical meeting venue', 'APA Tuomas Ilveskoski', 'Consolidated Financial Statements', 'The Nomination Committee', 'Annual General Meeting', 'remote general meetings', 'following annual remuneration', 'Audit Committee', 'Committee meeting', 'remote meeting', 'Risk Committee', 'following matters', 'public trading', 'meeting fees', 'email meeting', 'Remuneration Committee', 'governing bodies', 'Sarianna Liiri', 'balance sheet', 'record date', 'Twenty-five (25) percent', 'interim report', 'transfer tax', 'annual fee', 'travel expenses', 'other expenses', 'Juhana Brotherus', 'Irma Gillberg-Hjelt', 'Aki Jaskari', 'Jaakko Ossa', 'Carl Pettersson', 'Kati Riikonen', 'Juha Volotinen', 'M.Sc', 'reasonable invoicing', 'due date', 'decision-making rights', 'real time', 'technical means', 'calendar month', '2024 financial year', 'Remuneration Policy', 'Remuneration Report', 'Board meeting', 'shareholder register', 'current Articles', 'advisory resolution', 'other members', 'Board Committees', 'board work', 'The Board', 'interim CEO', 'responsible auditor', 'The AGM', 'Vice Chair', 'Board members', '2026 AGM', '8 APRIL', 'DECISIONS', 'Resolutions', 'Company', 'discharge', 'liability', 'Directors', '19 June', 'addition', 'use', 'profit', 'payment', 'dividend', 'accordance', 'proposal', '17 April', 'rules', 'term', 'Chairs', 'form', 'shares', 'market', 'behalf', 'price', 'publication', 'period', '1 January', '31 March', 'costs', 'rest', 'cash', 'taxes', 'Number', 'election', 'Econ.', 'conclusion', 'Amendment', 'Association', 'Section', 'provision', 'full', 'telecommunication', 'appointment', 'revised', 'revisions', 'composition', '5:10']",2025-04-08,2025-04-08,taiwannews.com.tw
49931,Euroclear,Bing API,https://www.theasset.com/article/53790/euroclear-joins-hong-kong-s-project-ensemble,Euroclear joins Hong Kong's Project Ensemble,Euroclear has announced its participation in Project Ensemble  an initiative of the Hong Kong Monetary Authority (HKMA) to foster tokenization in the financial sector.,"Euroclear has announced its participation in Project Ensemble  an initiative of the Hong Kong Monetary Authority ( HKMA ) to foster tokenization in the financial sector.The project  launched in March 2024  brings together leading experts and industry pioneers to collaboratively design  test and implement a robust framework for tokenization in Hong Kong.As an “architecture community” member  Euroclear will immediately contribute by developing a set of industry standards to support interoperability among central bank money  tokenized money  and tokenized assets.The Brussels-based post-trade services provider says its collaboration with the HKMA aligns with the group’s Asia and innovation strategies.It strengthens relationships with industry leaders in the region while driving new opportunities for market expansion.At the same time  it fosters a more integrated and regulated digital asset ecosystem  supporting the development of innovative products and services that contribute to the growth of the tokenized economy  Euroclear says.""Hong Kong’s position as an international financial centre is reinforced by its world-class financial market infrastructure  which has established the city as a super-connector between the mainland and the rest of the world ” says Nelson Chow  HKMA’s executive director for financial infrastructure.“Our long-standing partnership with Euroclear  spanning over 20 years  has significantly enhanced both our infrastructure and connectivity. We are excited to further advance this collaboration as we transition into the era of digitalization and tokenization.""Philippe Laurensy  chief executive officer of Asia-Pacific Euroclear  adds: ""Euroclear's participation in Project Ensemble is a testament to our strategic focus on the Asia-Pacific region. By collaborating with key stakeholders in the Hong Kong tokenization market  we are exploring new opportunities for innovation and market growth.“This initiative will allow us to harness cutting-edge technology to develop solutions that benefit the marketplace by fostering a more interconnected financial ecosystem.""",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.98,0.02,0.0,True,English,"['Hong Kong', 'Project Ensemble', 'Euroclear', 'The Brussels-based post-trade services provider', 'regulated digital asset ecosystem', 'Hong Kong Monetary Authority', 'world-class financial market infrastructure', 'Hong Kong tokenization market', 'interconnected financial ecosystem', 'architecture community” member', 'international financial centre', 'chief executive officer', 'central bank money', 'financial infrastructure', 'market expansion', 'financial sector', 'executive director', 'market growth', 'leading experts', 'industry pioneers', 'robust framework', 'industry standards', 'tokenized assets', 'industry leaders', 'new opportunities', 'same time', 'innovative products', 'tokenized economy', 'Nelson Chow', 'long-standing partnership', 'Philippe Laurensy', 'strategic focus', 'key stakeholders', 'cutting-edge technology', 'Project Ensemble', 'innovation strategies', 'Asia-Pacific region', 'Asia-Pacific Euroclear', 'participation', 'initiative', 'HKMA', 'March', 'interoperability', 'collaboration', 'group', 'relationships', 'integrated', 'development', 'position', 'city', 'super-connector', 'mainland', 'rest', '20 years', 'connectivity', 'digitalization', 'testament', 'solutions', 'marketplace']",2025-04-08,2025-04-08,theasset.com
49932,Clearstream,Bing API,https://en.interfax.com.ua/news/economic/1062108.html,Ukraine must prepare capital market to attract investments for post-war recovery – Rozhkova,Ukraine must now prepare the capital market infrastructure to attract private and international investments for post-war recovery  believes First Deputy Governor of the NBU Kateryna Rozhkova.,"Ukraine must now prepare the capital market infrastructure to attract private and international investments for post-war recovery  believes First Deputy Governor of the NBU Kateryna Rozhkova.""We will not build a second London Stock Exchange  but our capital market must be comparable to the size of the economy. It is important that Ukraine not only adopts a law  but also prepares the financial market infrastructure for post-war recovery "" she said in an interview with the Interfax-Ukraine agency.According to her  the creation of an effective capital market is a priority not only for the NBU  but also for international partners  in particular the European Commission.""We hope for investments  both private and from our international partners. It is important that the market is ready for this "" the banker added.Rozhkova noted that currently the domestic market is dominated by domestic government bonds  which is natural in wartime conditions. At the same time  she noted  even now successful examples of alternative instruments are emerging - in particular  bonds of Nova Poshta and NovaPay. In her opinion  municipal bonds are also a promising direction.""For companies and municipalities  raising funds on the stock market is a good alternative source of replenishment of working capital and financing of investments in development. This is cheaper than bank lending  obviously. But the necessary tools and procedures have not yet been developed "" she stated.Rozhkova also mentioned the successful experience of integrating the depository of the National Bank of Ukraine with the international depository ClearStream in 2019 through the creation of an appropriate ""link""  which allowed to increase the share of non-residents in the government bonds market to 16% before the war and take a step towards the openness of the Ukrainian financial system.""Now we want to expand this ""link"" to municipal and corporate bonds. But this requires changes in procedures and new solutions in the regulatory infrastructure "" she explained.In her opinion  the current volume of bank capital limits the ability to finance large-scale projects  since the banking sector of Ukraine is ten times smaller than in Poland. One of the solutions may be consortium loans and attracting financing directly through parent Western banks.",neutral,0.03,0.96,0.01,mixed,0.31,0.34,0.35,True,English,"['capital market', 'post-war recovery', 'Ukraine', 'investments', 'Rozhkova', 'second London Stock Exchange', 'First Deputy Governor', 'Ukrainian financial system', 'parent Western banks', 'good alternative source', 'financial market infrastructure', 'effective capital market', 'domestic government bonds', 'government bonds market', 'capital market infrastructure', 'NBU Kateryna Rozhkova', 'stock market', 'domestic market', 'regulatory infrastructure', 'alternative instruments', 'working capital', 'bank capital', 'corporate bonds', 'post-war recovery', 'Interfax-Ukraine agency', 'international partners', 'European Commission', 'wartime conditions', 'same time', 'successful examples', 'Nova Poshta', 'promising direction', 'bank lending', 'necessary tools', 'successful experience', 'National Bank', 'current volume', 'large-scale projects', 'banking sector', 'consortium loans', 'municipal bonds', 'international depository', 'appropriate ""link', 'new solutions', 'international investments', 'private', 'size', 'economy', 'law', 'interview', 'creation', 'priority', 'banker', 'NovaPay', 'opinion', 'companies', 'municipalities', 'funds', 'replenishment', 'financing', 'development', 'procedures', 'ClearStream', 'share', 'non-residents', 'step', 'openness', 'changes', 'ability', 'Poland']",2025-04-08,2025-04-08,en.interfax.com.ua
49933,Deutsche Boerse,Bing API,https://funds-europe.com/hanetf-launches-european-defence-etf/,HANetf launches European Defence ETF,HANetf has launched the Future of European Defence Ucits ETF and said it marked the first time a European firm,HANetf has launched the Future of European Defence Ucits ETF and said it marked the first time a European firm had introduced a Europe-focused defence ETF. The ETF debuted on Deutsche Börse Xetra and Euronext Paris  with listings on London Stock Exchange and Borsa Italiana to follow.The ETF tracks the VettaFi Future of Defence Ex US Index  following a methodology similar to HANetf’s Future of Defence Ucits ETF  which has $1.8 billion in assets under management. Unlike broader defence ETFs  the latest excludes US companies to provide greater exposure to European-listed firms benefiting from increased military spending and strategic rearmament.European NATO members  facing rising geopolitical tensions and uncertain US support  are increasing defence budgets after a decade of underinvestment. The ETF seeks to capture this trend while also excluding companies involved in controversial weapons.Hector McNeil  co-CEO of HANetf  emphasised the firm’s European identity  stating: “Europe must build its own defence independence. We felt it was crucial to offer investors an efficient way to invest in the European defence sector.”With Europe prioritising homegrown defence technology  the ETF aims to provide investors with exposure to the continent’s growing military self-sufficiency  aligning with NATO’s strategic goals.,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,negative,0.0,0.41,0.58,True,English,"['European Defence ETF', 'HANetf', 'Deutsche Börse Xetra', 'Defence Ex US Index', 'European Defence Ucits ETF', 'London Stock Exchange', 'broader defence ETFs', 'rising geopolitical tensions', 'uncertain US support', 'homegrown defence technology', 'European defence sector', 'growing military self-sufficiency', 'Europe-focused defence ETF', 'European NATO members', 'defence budgets', 'defence independence', 'European identity', 'US companies', 'military spending', 'European firm', 'The ETF', 'first time', 'Euronext Paris', 'Borsa Italiana', 'European-listed firms', 'strategic rearmament', 'controversial weapons', 'Hector McNeil', 'efficient way', 'strategic goals', 'greater exposure', 'VettaFi Future', 'HANetf', 'listings', 'methodology', 'assets', 'management', 'increased', 'decade', 'underinvestment', 'trend', 'CEO', 'investors', 'continent']",2025-04-08,2025-04-08,funds-europe.com
49934,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/04/07/3056516/0/en/Heineken-N-V-reports-the-progress-of-transactions-under-its-current-share-buyback-programme.html,Heineken N.V. reports the progress of transactions under its current share buyback programme,Heineken N.V. reports the progress of transactions under its current share buyback programme    Amsterdam  7 April 2025 - Heineken N.V. (EURONEXT:...,"Heineken N.V. reports the progress of transactions under its currentshare buyback programmeAmsterdam  7 April 2025 - Heineken N.V. (EURONEXT: HEIA; OTCQX: HEINY) hereby reports transaction details related to the first €750 million tranche of its €1.5 billion share buyback programme as communicated on 12 February 2025.From 31 March 2025 up to and including 4 April 2025 a total of 70 158 shares was repurchased on exchange at an average price of € 74.57. During the same period  70 194 shares were repurchased from Heineken Holding N.V.Up to and including 4 April 2025  a total of 980 243 shares was repurchased under the share buyback programme for a total consideration of € 76 595 866 (including shares repurchased from Heineken Holding N.V.).Heineken N.V. publishes on a weekly basis  every Monday  an overview of the progress of the share buyback programme on its website: https://www.theheinekencompany.com/investors/share-information/share-buyback-programmeEnquiriesMediaInvestors Christiaan PrinsTristan van Strien Director of Global CommunicationGlobal Director of Investor Relations Marlie PaauwLennart Scholtus / Chris Steyn Corporate Communications LeadInvestor Relations Manager / Senior Analyst E-mail: pressoffice@heineken.comE-mail: investors@heineken.com Tel: +31-20-5239355Tel: +31-20-5239590Regulatory informationThis press release is issued in connection with the disclosure and reporting obligations as set out in Article 5(1)(b) Regulation (EU) 596/2014 and Article 2(2) of the Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2016/1052 that contains technical standards for buyback programs.Editorial information:HEINEKEN is the world's most international brewer. It is the leading developer and marketer of premium and non-alcoholic beer and cider brands. Led by the Heineken® brand  the Group has a portfolio of more than 340 international  regional  local and specialty beers and ciders. With HEINEKEN’s over 85 000 employees  we brew the joy of true togetherness to inspire a better world. Our dream is to shape the future of beer and beyond to win the hearts of consumers. We are committed to innovation  long-term brand investment  disciplined sales execution and focused cost management. Through ""Brew a Better World""  sustainability is embedded in the business. HEINEKEN has a well-balanced geographic footprint with leadership positions in both developed and developing markets. We operate breweries  malteries  cider plants and other production facilities in more than 70 countries. Most recent information is available on our Company's website and follow us on LinkedIn and Instagram.Attachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.68,0.31,0.0,True,English,"['current share buyback programme', 'Heineken N.V.', 'progress', 'transactions', 'Chris Steyn Corporate Communications Lead Investor Relations Manager', 'Tristan van Strien Director', 'current share buyback programme', '€1.5 billion share buyback programme', 'Heineken Holding N.V.', 'first €750 million tranche', 'Commission Delegated Regulation', 'focused cost management', 'other production facilities', 'Heineken N.V.', 'long-term brand investment', 'Article 5(1)(b) Regulation', 'Most recent information', 'buyback programs', 'Global Director', 'Heineken® brand', 'transaction details', 'average price', 'same period', 'weekly basis', 'Enquiries Media', 'Christiaan Prins', 'Global Communication', 'Marlie Paauw', 'Lennart Scholtus', 'Senior Analyst', 'Regulatory information', 'press release', 'reporting obligations', 'technical standards', 'Editorial information', 'international brewer', 'leading developer', 'cider brands', 'regional, local', 'specialty beers', 'true togetherness', 'sales execution', 'geographic footprint', 'leadership positions', 'developing markets', 'cider plants', 'non-alcoholic beer', 'total consideration', 'Better World', 'progress', 'transactions', 'Amsterdam', '7 April', 'EURONEXT', 'HEIA', 'OTCQX', 'HEINY', '12 February', '31 March', '4 April', '70,158 shares', 'exchange', '70,194 shares', '980,243 shares', 'overview', 'website', 'theheinekencompany', 'investors', 'share-buyback-programme', 'mail', 'pressoffice', 'connection', 'disclosure', 'marketer', 'premium', 'Group', 'portfolio', 'ciders', '85,000 employees', 'joy', 'dream', 'future', 'hearts', 'consumers', 'innovation', 'sustainability', 'business', 'developed', 'breweries', 'malteries', '70 countries', 'LinkedIn', 'Instagram', 'Attachment']",2025-04-07,2025-04-08,globenewswire.com
49935,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/04/07/3057037/0/en/Casino-Group-Notice-to-the-holders-of-Warrants-1-of-Casino-Guichard-Perrachon.html,Casino Group: Notice to the holders of ‘Warrants #1’ of Casino Guichard-Perrachon,Notice to the holders of ‘Warrants #1’ of Casino Guichard-Perrachon   Paris  7 April 2025   Casino Guichard-Perrachon (Euronext Paris: CO; ISIN:......,Notice to the holders of ‘Warrants #1’of Casino Guichard-PerrachonParis  7 April 2025Casino Guichard-Perrachon (Euronext Paris: CO; ISIN: FR001400OKR3) hereby gives notice to the holders of ‘Warrants #1’ (ISIN: FR001400OJ72) issued on 27 March 2024 (the ‘Issue Date’) that the exercise price was increased from €0.0461 per warrant #1 to €0.0517 per warrant #1 on 27 March 2025  the first anniversary of the Issue Date.This adjustment is in accordance with the stipulations set out in paragraph 4.5.2.2.2 of the securities note (AMF visa no. 24-068 of 12 March 2024  the ‘Securities Note’).This communication is for informational purposes only under the current applicable laws and regulations  and is neither an offer to sell nor a solicitation of an offer to buy the securities described herein  nor shall there be any sale of these securities in any jurisdiction in which such an offer  solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such jurisdiction.***ANALYSTS AND INVESTORS CONTACTSCharlotte IZABEL - cizabel@groupe-casino.fr - Tél : +33 (0)6 89 19 88 33IR_Casino@groupe-casino.fr - Tél : +33 (0)1 53 65 24 17PRESS CONTACTSCasino Group – Communications DepartmentStéphanie ABADIE - sabadie@groupe-casino.fr - Tél : +33 (0)6 26 27 37 05directiondelacommunication@groupe-casino.fr - Tél : + 33(0)1 53 65 24 29Attachment,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,negative,0.0,0.23,0.77,True,English,"['Casino Group', 'Casino Guichard-Perrachon', 'Notice', 'holders', 'Warrants', 'PRESS CONTACTS Casino Group', 'Stéphanie ABADIE', 'current applicable laws', 'INVESTORS CONTACTS', 'Casino Guichard-Perrachon', 'securities laws', 'Issue Date', 'exercise price', 'first anniversary', 'AMF visa', 'informational purposes', 'Charlotte IZABEL', 'Tél', 'Communications Department', 'securities note', 'Euronext Paris', 'Notice', 'holders', 'Warrants', '7 April', 'ISIN', '27 March', 'adjustment', 'accordance', 'stipulations', 'paragraph', '12 March', 'regulations', 'offer', 'solicitation', 'sale', 'jurisdiction', 'registration', 'qualification', 'ANALYSTS', 'cizabel', 'groupe-casino', 'fr', 'IR_Casino', 'sabadie', 'directiondelacommunication', 'Attachment', '6']",2025-04-07,2025-04-08,globenewswire.com
49936,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/04/07/3056881/0/en/Annual-Financial-Report.html,Annual Financial Report,"IRISH CONTINENTAL GROUP PLC (""ICG"")   7 April 2025  Publication of the 2024 Annual Report  ICG has today published its 2024 Annual Report and Financial......","IRISH CONTINENTAL GROUP PLC (""ICG"")7 April 2025Publication of the 2024 Annual ReportICG has today published its 2024 Annual Report and Financial Statements which may be viewed and downloaded from the Company’s website www.icg.ie.The 2024 Annual Report and Financial Statements  will be submitted to Euronext Dublin and the UK’s National Storage Mechanism and will shortly be available for inspection at:Euronext Dublin: https://direct.euronext.com/#/oamfilingUK National Storage Mechanism: https://data.fca.org.uk/#/nsm/nationalstoragemechanismThe 2024 Annual Report and Financial Statements will be posted to those shareholders who have elected to receive hardcopy communications.END_________________________________________________________________________________Enquiries:Eamonn Rothwell  Chief Executive Officer Tel: +353 1 607 5628 Email: investorrelations@icg.ieDavid Ledwidge  Chief Financial Officer Tel: +353 1 607 5628 Email: investorrelations@icg.ie_________________________________________________________________________________Media enquiries:Q4 Public Relations Tel: +353 1 475 1444 Email: press@q4pr.ie",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['Annual Financial Report', 'IRISH CONTINENTAL GROUP PLC', 'UK National Storage Mechanism', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'Q4 Public Relations', 'Chief Financial Officer', 'The 2024 Annual Report', 'Financial Statements', 'hardcopy communications', 'Eamonn Rothwell', 'David Ledwidge', 'Euronext Dublin', 'Media enquiries', 'ICG', '7 April', 'Publication', 'Company', 'website', 'inspection', 'oamfiling', 'fca', 'org', 'nationalstoragemechanism', 'shareholders', 'END', 'Email', 'investorrelations', 'press', 'q4pr', '353']",2025-04-07,2025-04-08,globenewswire.com
49937,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/04/07/3056420/0/en/Quadient-Receives-SBTi-s-Validation-of-its-GHG-Emission-Reduction-Targets.html,Quadient Receives SBTi’s Validation of its GHG Emission Reduction Targets,Quadient (Euronext Paris: QDT)  a global automation platform powering secure and sustainable business connections  announces that the Science-Based Targets initiative (SBTi) has validated its greenhouse gas (GHG) emission reduction targets. SBTi is a corporat…,"Quadient (Euronext Paris: QDT)  a global automation platform powering secure and sustainable business connections  announces that the Science-Based Targets initiative (SBTi) has validated its greenhouse gas (GHG) emission reduction targets. SBTi is a corporate climate action initiative that provides companies with science-based guidance to reduce greenhouse gas emissions in line with the goals of the Paris Agreement. This validation confirms that Quadient’s commitments align with scientific requirements to limit global warming to 1.5°C.Achieving net-zero emissions by 2050 is a cornerstone of Quadient’s sustainability strategy  as part of its ‘Elevate to 2030’ strategic plan. The company has established ambitious near- and long-term targets  committing to reduce Scope 1 and 2 emissions by 64% and Scope 3 emissions by 30% by 2030  compared to 2018 levels. Looking further ahead  Quadient is dedicated to achieving a 90% reduction in absolute Scope 1  2  and 3 emissions by 2050.""SBTi’s validation marks a significant milestone for Quadient  reaffirming our deep commitment to climate action. Sustainability is not just a goal—it’s woven into how we operate  innovate  and collaborate with our customers  partners  and stakeholders ” said Brandon Batt  Chief People and Transformation Officer at Quadient. “We recognize the scale of the challenge ahead and are proactively driving the transformation needed to build a low-carbon future. Our decarbonization efforts go beyond compliance  they represent a strategic opportunity to create value  strengthen our business resilience to changing environments  and contribute to a more sustainable global economy. This validation reinforces our leadership in corporate sustainability and underscores that bold climate action is both a business imperative and a shared responsibility.""To translate its commitments into action  Quadient is executing a comprehensive decarbonization roadmap. This strategy focuses on optimizing energy use across operations by modernizing facilities  transitioning to renewable energy  and enhancing overall efficiency. The company is also accelerating the shift to a low-carbon vehicle fleet and promoting remote collaboration technologies to cut business travel-related emissions.Beyond operational improvements  Quadient is leveraging product innovation and circular economy principles to reduce environmental impact. Its remanufacturing program has made significant strides  with over 62.8% of mail-related solutions remanufactured in 2024—demonstrating a strong commitment to extending product lifecycles and minimizing waste. Additionally  the company is actively working with its supplier network to drive emission reductions throughout the value chain  aiming to secure carbon reduction commitments from at least 30% of its strategic partners by 2026.Transparency and accountability remain central to Quadient’s climate strategy. The company rigorously tracks and reports its progress annually through its sustainability report and the CDP Climate Change Questionnaire. Independent verification of its carbon footprint ensures credibility and reinforces its commitment to meaningful  science-backed climate action. For more information about Quadient’s CSR program  visit www.invest.quadient.com/CSR.About Quadient®Quadient is a global automation platform powering secure and sustainable business connections through digital and physical channels. Quadient supports businesses of all sizes in their digital transformation and growth journey  unlocking operational efficiency and creating meaningful customer experiences. Listed in compartment B of Euronext Paris (QDT) and part of the CAC® Mid & Small and EnterNext® Tech 40 indices  Quadient shares are eligible for PEA-PME investing. For more information about Quadient  visit www.quadient.com.ContactsSandy Armstrong  Sterling Kilgore Joe Scolaro  Quadient VP of Media & Communications Global Press Relations Manager +1-630-699-8979 +1 203-301-3673 sarmstrong@sterlingkilgore.com j.scolaro@quadient.comAttachment",neutral,0.0,0.99,0.01,neutral,0.04,0.95,0.01,True,English,"['GHG Emission Reduction Targets', 'Quadient', 'SBTi', 'Validation', 'CDP Climate Change Questionnaire', 'Global Press Relations Manager', 'Sterling Kilgore Joe Scolaro', 'meaningful, science-backed climate action', 'GHG) emission reduction targets', 'corporate climate action initiative', 'meaningful customer experiences', 'global automation platform', 'Science-Based Targets initiative', 'sustainable global economy', 'remote collaboration technologies', 'circular economy principles', 'EnterNext® Tech 40 indices', 'bold climate action', 'sustainable business connections', 'comprehensive decarbonization roadmap', 'low-carbon vehicle fleet', 'business travel-related emissions', 'greenhouse gas emissions', 'carbon reduction commitments', 'global warming', 'long-term targets', 'emission reductions', 'climate strategy', 'corporate sustainability', 'business resilience', 'business imperative', 'science-based guidance', 'low-carbon future', 'decarbonization efforts', 'carbon footprint', 'Euronext Paris', 'Paris Agreement', 'scientific requirements', 'significant milestone', 'Brandon Batt', 'Chief People', 'strategic opportunity', 'energy use', 'renewable energy', 'overall efficiency', 'operational improvements', 'product innovation', 'environmental impact', 'remanufacturing program', 'significant strides', 'mail-related solutions', 'product lifecycles', 'supplier network', 'Independent verification', 'physical channels', 'growth journey', 'operational efficiency', 'compartment B', 'CAC® Mid', 'PEA-PME investing', 'Sandy Armstrong', 'net-zero emissions', 'sustainability report', 'deep commitment', 'Transformation Officer', 'strong commitment', 'value chain', 'strategic partners', 'CSR program', 'sustainability strategy', 'absolute Scope', 'digital transformation', 'Quadient shares', 'Quadient VP', '90% reduction', '2 emissions', '3 emissions', 'Scope 1', 'Quadient®', 'QDT', 'secure', 'SBTi', 'companies', 'line', 'goals', 'validation', '1.5°C', 'Achieving', 'cornerstone', 'company', '2018 levels', 'customers', 'stakeholders', 'scale', 'challenge', 'compliance', 'changing', 'environments', 'leadership', 'shared', 'responsibility', 'operations', 'facilities', 'shift', 'waste', 'Transparency', 'accountability', 'progress', 'credibility', 'information', 'businesses', 'sizes', 'Small', 'Contacts', 'Media', 'Communications', 'sterlingkilgore', 'Attachment', '2050']",2025-04-07,2025-04-08,globenewswire.com
49938,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/04/07/3056549/0/en/Signify-share-repurchase-period-update.html,Signify share repurchase period update,Press ReleaseApril 07  2025Signify share repurchase period update Eindhoven  the Netherlands – Signify (Euronext: LIGHT)  the world leader in lighting  today announced that it has repurchased 131 068 shares in the period March 31 to April 04  2025. The shares…,Press ReleaseApril 07  2025Signify share repurchase period updateEindhoven  the Netherlands – Signify (Euronext: LIGHT)  the world leader in lighting  today announced that it has repurchased 131 068 shares in the period March 31 to April 04  2025. The shares were repurchased at an average price of EUR 19.22 per share and an aggregate amount of EUR 2.5 million. Signify will use these repurchased shares to cover obligations arising from Signify’s long-term incentive performance share plan and other employee share plans.The repurchases were made as part of the company’s share repurchase program  which was announced on February 4  2025. The total number of shares repurchased under this program to date is 1 259 766 shares for a total consideration of EUR 26.0 million.Details on the share buyback transactions can be found here.--- END ---For further information  please contact:Signify Investor RelationsThelke GerdesTel: +31 6 1801 7131E-mail: thelke.gerdes@signify.comSignify Corporate CommunicationsTom LodgeTel: +31 6 5252 5416E-mail: tom.lodge@signify.comAbout SignifySignify (Euronext: LIGHT) is the world leader in lighting for professionals  consumers and the Internet of Things. Our Philips products  Interact systems and data-enabled services deliver business value and transform life in homes  buildings and public spaces. In 2024  we had sales of EUR 6.1 billion  approximately 29 000 employees and a presence in over 70 countries. We unlock the extraordinary potential of light for brighter lives and a better world. We have been in the Dow Jones Sustainability World Index since our IPO for eight consecutive years and have achieved the EcoVadis Platinum rating for five consecutive years  placing Signify in the top one percent of companies assessed. News from Signify can be found in the Newsroom  on X  LinkedIn and Instagram. Information for investors is located on the Investor Relations page.Attachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,True,English,"['share repurchase period update', 'long-term incentive performance share plan', 'Dow Jones Sustainability World Index', 'other employee share plans', 'share repurchase period update', 'Corporate Communications Tom Lodge', 'share buyback transactions', 'eight consecutive years', 'EcoVadis Platinum rating', 'five consecutive years', 'top one percent', 'share repurchase program', 'Investor Relations page', 'world leader', 'Press Release', 'average price', 'aggregate amount', 'total number', 'total consideration', 'Philips products', 'Interact systems', 'data-enabled services', 'business value', 'public spaces', 'extraordinary potential', 'brighter lives', 'Thelke Gerdes', 'April', 'Eindhoven', 'Netherlands', 'Signify', 'Euronext', 'LIGHT', '131,068 shares', 'March', 'obligations', 'repurchases', 'part', 'company', 'February', '1,259,766 shares', 'Details', 'END', 'information', 'Tel', 'mail', 'professionals', 'consumers', 'Internet', 'Things', 'life', 'homes', 'buildings', 'sales', '29,000 employees', 'presence', '70 countries', 'IPO', 'companies', 'News', 'LinkedIn', 'Instagram', 'investors', 'Attachment']",2025-04-07,2025-04-08,globenewswire.com
49939,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/04/07/3057234/0/en/Monthly-information-on-share-capital-and-company-voting-rights.html,Monthly information on share capital and company voting rights,(Article 223-16 of General Regulation of the French financial markets authority) (Article 223-16 of General Regulation of the French financial markets authority),PARIS  April 07  2025 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) --Listing market: Euronext GrowthISIN code: FR0010425595Date Total number of sharesin the capital Total number of voting rights 03/31/2025 100 290 078 89 046 759For further information on Cellectis  please contact:Media contacts:Pascalyne Wilson  Director  Communications  +33 (0)7 76 99 14 33  media@cellectis.comPatricia Sosa Navarro  Chief of Staff to the CEO  +33 (0)7 76 77 46 93Investor Relations contact:Arthur Stril  Chief Financial Officer & Chief Business Officer  investors@cellectis.comAttachment,neutral,0.04,0.96,0.0,neutral,0.03,0.97,0.0,True,English,"['company voting rights', 'Monthly information', 'share capital', 'Patricia Sosa Navarro', 'Investor Relations contact', 'Chief Financial Officer', 'Chief Business Officer', 'GLOBE NEWSWIRE', 'Listing market', 'Euronext Growth', 'ISIN code', 'Total number', 'voting rights', 'Media contacts', 'Pascalyne Wilson', 'Arthur Stril', 'PARIS', 'April', 'Date', 'shares', 'capital', 'information', 'Cellectis', 'Director', 'Communications', 'Staff', 'CEO', 'Attachment', '7']",2025-04-07,2025-04-08,globenewswire.com
49940,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/04/07/3057059/0/en/EVS-Broadcast-Equipment-reports-update-of-share-buyback-program.html,EVS Broadcast Equipment reports update of share buyback program,EVS reports update of share buyback program           Liège  Belgium | April 7  2025    EVS Broadcast Equipment reports that the following...,EVS reports update of share buyback programLiège  Belgium | April 7  2025EVS Broadcast Equipment reports that the following transactions  conducted within the framework of the share buyback program announced on November 25  2024  took place between March 31 and April 4  2025:Trade Date Number of shares acquired Average price (EUR) Highest price (EUR) Lowest price (EUR) Total (EUR) Market 31-03-25 2 011 37.7177 37.75 37.55 75 850 XBRU 01-04-25 118 37.7500 37.75 37.75 4 455 XBRU 02-04-25 4 000 37.5458 37.75 37.35 150 183 XBRU 03-04-25 4 000 35.7737 36.25 35.35 143 095 XBRU 04-04-25 4 000 34.5083 35.40 33.55 138 033 XBRU Total 14 129 36.2103 37.75 33.55 511 616As of April 4  2025  and since the start of the buyback program  EVS has bought 275 021 shares at an average price of EUR 32.8431  representing in total EUR 9 032 530.73. This corresponds to 90.33% of the announced 10 Mio€ program completed.After aforementioned transactions  the total number of own shares amounts to 937 994 shares as of April 4  2025 (including 776 508 shares already held by the company before the start of the share buyback program).All details related to the acquisition of own shares by EVS Broadcast Equipment can be found on https://evs.com/investors/share-buybackAbout EVSWe create return on emotionEVS is globally recognized as a leading provider in live video technology for broadcast and new media productions. Spanning the entire production process  EVS solutions are trusted by production teams worldwide to deliver the most gripping live sports images  buzzing entertainment shows and breaking news to billions of viewers every day – and in real time. As we continue to expand our footprint  our dedication to sustainable growth for both our business and the industry is clearly demonstrated through our ESG strategy. This commitment is not only reflected in our results  but also in our high ratings from different agencies. Headquartered in Liège  Belgium  the company has a global presence with offices in Australia  Asia  the Middle East  Europe  North and Latin America  employing over 700 team members and ensuring sales  training  and technical support to more than 100 countries. EVS is a public company traded on Euronext Brussels: EVS  ISIN: BE0003820371. EVS is  amongst others  part of the Euronext Tech Leaders and Euronext BEL Mid indices.Media ContactsFor more info about this press release  or to set up an interview with EVS  please contact:Veerle De Wit – Chief Financial OfficerTel: +32 4 361 7004 – Email: v.dewit@evs.comSébastien Verlaine – Senior Brand & Corporate Communications ManagerTel: +32 4 361 5809 – Email: s.verlaine@evs.comAttachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.0,True,English,"['EVS Broadcast Equipment reports', 'share buyback program', 'update', 'gripping live sports images', 'Euronext BEL Mid indices', 'live video technology', 'Euronext Tech Leaders', 'Veerle De Wit', 'Chief Financial Officer', 'Sébastien Verlaine', 'Corporate Communications Manager', 'Trade Date Number', 'new media productions', 'entire production process', 'share buyback program', 'EVS Broadcast Equipment', 'Euronext Brussels', '10 Mio€ program', 'production teams', 'Media Contacts', 'Liège', 'Average price', 'Highest price', 'Lowest price', 'total number', 'leading provider', 'entertainment shows', 'real time', 'sustainable growth', 'ESG strategy', 'high ratings', 'different agencies', 'global presence', 'Middle East', 'Latin America', '700 team members', 'technical support', 'press release', 'Senior Brand', 'following transactions', 'EVS reports', 'EVS solutions', 'public company', 'XBRU Total', 'update', 'Belgium', 'April', 'framework', 'November', 'place', 'March', 'shares', 'Market', 'start', 'details', 'acquisition', 'investors', 'return', 'emotion', 'news', 'billions', 'viewers', 'footprint', 'dedication', 'business', 'industry', 'commitment', 'results', 'offices', 'Australia', 'Asia', 'Europe', 'North', 'sales', 'training', '100 countries', 'ISIN', 'others', 'part', 'info', 'interview', 'Tel', 'Email', 'dewit', 'Attachment', '32']",2025-04-07,2025-04-08,globenewswire.com
49941,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/04/07/3057041/0/en/Reporting-on-acquisition-of-treasury-shares.html,Reporting on acquisition of treasury shares,Regulated information  Aalst  Belgium  April 7  2025 – In accordance with article 8:4 of the Royal Decree of April 2  2019 executing the Belgian Code...,Regulated informationAalst  Belgium  April 7  2025 – In accordance with article 8:4 of the Royal Decree of April 2  2019 executing the Belgian Code of Companies and Associations  Ontex hereby discloses information in relation to its program to buy back treasury shares  which was announced on November 25  2024.During the work week ending on April 4  2025  Ontex repurchased 125 000 shares on the regulated market of Euronext Brussels  as set out in the table below.Date # shares Averageprice (in €) Minimumprice (in €) Maximumprice (in €) Total value(in €) 31/03/2025 36 000 8.501 8.450 8.530 306 030 01/04/2025 3 000 8.600 8.600 8.600 25 800 02/04/2025 9 000 8.523 8.510 8.540 76 710 03/04/2025 38 000 8.542 8.480 8.640 324 580 04/04/2025 39 000 8.292 8.140 8.480 323 400On December 2  2024 Ontex launched a share buy-back program to acquire a maximum of 1.5 million shares. The shares acquired will contribute to meeting Ontex’s obligations under its current and future long-term incentive plans. The share purchases will be spread over a seven-month period ending on June 30  2025. The program is conducted under the terms and conditions of the authorization granted by the extraordinary shareholders’ meeting held on May 5  2023  and is executed by an independent intermediary  who will make its decisions independently pursuant to a discretionary mandate.EnquiriesInvestors Geoffroy Raskin +32 53 33 37 30 investor.relations@ontexglobal.comMedia Catherine Weyne +32 53 33 36 22 corporate.communications@ontexglobal.comAbout OntexOntex is a leading international developer and producer of baby  feminine and adult care products  both for retailers and the healthcare sector. Ontex’s innovative products are distributed in around 100 countries through retailers and healthcare providers. Employing some 7 000 people  Ontex has a presence in 14 countries  with its headquarters in Aalst  Belgium. Ontex is listed on Euronext Brussel and is a constituent of the Bel Mid® index. To keep up with the latest news  visit ontex.com or follow Ontex on LinkedIn.Attachment,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.01,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.0,True,English,"['treasury shares', 'Reporting', 'acquisition', 'future long-term incentive plans', 'extraordinary shareholders’ meeting', 'Media Catherine Weyne', 'leading international developer', 'Bel Mid® index', 'adult care products', 'share buy-back program', 'share purchases', 'innovative products', 'Royal Decree', 'Belgian Code', 'work week', 'regulated market', 'Euronext Brussels', 'Average price', 'Minimum price', 'Total value', 'seven-month period', 'independent intermediary', 'discretionary mandate', 'Geoffroy Raskin', 'healthcare sector', 'healthcare providers', 'latest news', 'Regulated information', 'Maximum price', 'treasury shares', '1.5 million shares', 'ontex.com', '125,000 shares', 'Aalst', 'Belgium', 'April', 'accordance', 'article', 'Companies', 'Associations', 'relation', 'November', 'table', 'December', 'obligations', 'current', 'June', 'terms', 'conditions', 'authorization', 'May', 'decisions', 'Enquiries', 'Investors', 'communications', 'ontexglobal', 'producer', 'feminine', 'retailers', '100 countries', '7,000 people', 'presence', '14 countries', 'headquarters', 'constituent', 'LinkedIn', 'Attachment', '€']",2025-04-07,2025-04-08,globenewswire.com
49942,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/04/07/3057031/0/en/Rexel-Combined-Shareholders-Meeting-of-April-29-2025.html,Rexel - Combined Shareholders' Meeting of April 29  2025,COMBINED SHAREHOLDERS’ MEETINGOF APRIL 29  2025  Rexel informs its shareholders that its Combined Shareholders’ Meeting (ordinary and extraordinary)...,"COMBINED SHAREHOLDERS’ MEETINGOF APRIL 29  2025Rexel informs its shareholders that its Combined Shareholders’ Meeting (ordinary and extraordinary) will be held on April 29  2025  at 10:30 a.m. at Châteauform’ City George V  28  avenue George V  75008 Paris.The prior notice of meeting (“avis de réunion”) was published in the Bulletin des annonces légales obligatoires (BALO)  dated Friday  March 21  2025 (Bulletin des Annonces Légales Obligatoires)  bulletin No. 35 (reference number 2500694). It contains the detailed agenda for the meeting and the draft resolutions and describes how shareholders can take part in and vote at the meeting.The convening notice for shareholders (“avis de convocation”) will be published in the Bulletin des annonces légales obligatoires (BALO) of Friday  April 11  2025  and in Journal Spécial des Sociétés of the same day.The convening notice has also been sent to shareholders whose shares are held in registered form and has been made available to the accredited banks or brokers for the shareholders whose shares are held in bearer form.In accordance with applicable laws and regulations  the information and documents relating to this meeting will be:made available on Rexel's website (www.rexel.com)  under the ""Investors/Events/2025 Annual General Shareholders’ Meeting"" section;made available at Rexel's registered headquarters (13  boulevard du Fort de Vaux  75017 Paris  France) andsent to shareholders by Société Générale Securities Services – Services Assemblées  CS 30812  44308 Nantes Cedex 3  upon receipt of a request.Further information on this shareholders’ meeting and more specifically on the shareholder voting procedures is available on the website www.rexel.com (""Participating in the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting"").ABOUT REXEL GROUPRexel  worldwide expert in the multichannel professional distribution of products and services for the energy world  addresses three main markets: residential  commercial  and industrial. The Group supports its residential  commercial  and industrial customers by providing a tailored and scalable range of products and services in energy management for construction  renovation  production  and maintenance.Rexel operates through a network of more than 1 950 branches in 18 countries  with more than 27 000 employees. The Group’s sales were €19.3 billion in 2024.Rexel is listed on the Eurolist market of Euronext Paris (compartment A  ticker RXL  ISIN code FR0010451203). It is included in the following indices: MSCI World  CAC Next 20  SBF 120  CAC Large 60  CAC 40 ESG  CAC SBT 1.5 NR  CAC AllTrade  CAC AllShares  FTSE EuroMid  and STOXX600. Rexel is also part of the following SRI indices: FTSE4Good  Dow Jones Sustainability Index Europe  Euronext Vigeo Europe 120 and Eurozone 120  STOXX® Global ESG Environmental Leaders  and S&P Global Sustainability Yearbook 2022  in recognition of its performance in terms of Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR). For more information  visit www.rexel.com/en.CONTACTSFINANCIAL ANALYSTS/INVESTORSLudovic DEBAILLEUX +33 1 42 85 76 12 ludovic.debailleux@rexel.comPRESSEBrunswick: Laurence FROST +33 6 31 65 57 06 lfrost@brunswickgroup.comAttachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,True,English,"[""Combined Shareholders' Meeting"", 'Rexel', 'April', 'Société Générale Securities Services', 'Investors/Events/2025 Annual General Shareholders’ Meeting"" section', 'Dow Jones Sustainability Index Europe', 'S&P Global Sustainability Yearbook', 'STOXX® Global ESG Environmental Leaders', 'Châteauform’ City George V', 'annonces légales obligatoires', 'Journal Spécial des', 'Sociétés', 'Euronext Vigeo Europe', 'Fort de Vaux', 'Services Assemblées', 'shareholder voting procedures', 'multichannel professional distribution', 'three main markets', 'Corporate Social Responsibility', 'Annual Shareholders’ Meeting', 'following SRI indices', 'COMBINED SHAREHOLDERS’ MEETING', 'CAC 40 ESG', 'following indices', 'prior notice', 'réunion', 'reference number', 'detailed agenda', 'draft resolutions', 'convening notice', 'same day', 'registered form', 'bearer form', 'applicable laws', 'registered headquarters', '44308 Nantes Cedex', 'worldwide expert', 'energy world', 'The Group', 'scalable range', 'energy management', 'Eurolist market', 'compartment A', 'ticker RXL', 'ISIN code', 'MSCI World', 'CAC Next', 'CAC Large', 'CAC SBT', 'CAC AllTrade', 'CAC AllShares', 'FTSE EuroMid', 'FINANCIAL ANALYSTS/INVESTORS', 'Laurence FROST', 'Euronext Paris', 'industrial customers', 'Further information', 'REXEL GROUP', 'Ludovic DEBAILLEUX', '75008 Paris', '75017 Paris', 'APRIL', 'avenue', 'avis', 'Bulletin', 'BALO', 'March', 'convocation', 'Friday', 'accredited', 'banks', 'brokers', 'accordance', 'regulations', 'documents', 'website', 'boulevard', 'France', 'receipt', 'request', 'products', 'residential', 'commercial', 'tailored', 'construction', 'renovation', 'production', 'maintenance', 'network', '1,950 branches', '18 countries', '27,000 employees', 'sales', 'SBF', 'NR', 'STOXX600', 'FTSE4Good', 'Eurozone', 'recognition', 'performance', 'terms', 'CSR', 'CONTACTS', 'PRESSE', 'Brunswick', 'lfrost', 'Attachment', '10:30', '120']",2025-04-07,2025-04-08,globenewswire.com
49943,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/04/07/3056988/0/en/FORVIA-Total-number-of-voting-rights-and-shares-forming-the-share-capital.html,FORVIA: Total number of voting rights and shares forming the share capital,Nanterre  7 April 2025  Total number of voting rights and shares forming the share capital (Article L. 233-8 II of the French Commercial Code...,Nanterre  7 April 2025Total number of voting rights and shares forming the share capital(Article L. 233-8 II of the French Commercial Code andArticle 223-16 of the General Regulation of the French Financial Markets Authority)__________________Trading place : Euronext ParisCompartment : AISIN Code : FR0000121147LEI Code : 969500F0VMZLK2IULV85Date Number of shares Total number of theoretical voting rights (1) Total number of exercisable voting rights (2) 31 March 2025 197 089 340 231 430 542 219 384 193 (3)(1) In accordance with the provisions of Article 223-11 of the General Regulation of the French Financial Markets Authority  the total number of voting rights (theoretical) is calculated on the basis of all the shares to which voting rights are attached  including the shares deprived of voting rights.(2) Exercisable voting rights = total number of voting rights attached to the total number of shares less shares deprived of voting rights.(3) Due to a clerical error in the total number of exercisable voting rights in the declaration relating to the total number of voting rights and shares forming the share capital as at 28 February 2025  published on 6 March 2025  it is specified that the total number of exercisable voting rights was 219 233 010 (instead of 230 879 175 as initially indicated).Inclusion in the bylaws of a clause that requires crossing thresholds declaration in addition to that related to legal thresholds : yes.Attachment,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,negative,0.0,0.22,0.78,True,English,"['Total number', 'voting rights', 'share capital', 'FORVIA', 'shares', 'French Financial Markets Authority', 'French Commercial Code', 'Euronext Paris Compartment', 'theoretical voting rights', 'exercisable voting rights', 'ISIN Code', 'LEI Code', 'Total number', 'share capital', 'General Regulation', 'Trading place', 'Date Number', 'clerical error', 'legal thresholds', 'thresholds declaration', 'Article L.', 'less shares', 'Nanterre', '7 April', '969500F0VMZLK2IULV85', '31 March', 'accordance', 'provisions', 'basis', '28 February', '6 March', 'Inclusion', 'bylaws', 'clause', 'addition', 'Attachment']",2025-04-07,2025-04-08,globenewswire.com
49944,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/04/07/3057086/0/en/IBA-ACQUISITION-OF-OWN-SHARES.html,IBA – ACQUISITION OF OWN SHARES,Immediate Release – April 7th  2025  Louvain-la-Neuve  Belgium  April 7th  2025 - In accordance with article 8:4 of the Royal Decree of 29 April 2019......,Immediate Release – April 7th  2025Louvain-la-Neuve  Belgium  April 7th  2025 - In accordance with article 8:4 of the Royal Decree of 29 April 2019 executing the Belgian Code on Companies and Associations  Ion Beam Applications SA (“IBA”) hereby discloses information in relation to its share buyback program announced on March 24th  2025.Under this program  IBA has requested a financial intermediary to repurchase up to 650 000 IBA ordinary shares on its behalf under the terms of a mandate with validity until December 31st  2025  effective as from March 25th  2025  to cover the company’s obligations under long-term incentive plans for management and certain members of its personnel.In the framework of this share buyback program  IBA repurchased 43 000 IBA shares on Euronext Brussels in the period from April 1st  2025  up to and including April 7th  2025  as follows:Trade date Shares purchased Average price Min price Max price Buyback amount 01-04-25 6.000 11 05 € 10 88 € 11 10 € 66.290 40 € 02-04-25 8.000 10 83 € 10 70 € 11 10 € 86.668 00 € 03-04-25 9.000 10 57 € 10 50 € 10 72 € 95.166 90 € 04-04-25 10.000 10 17 € 9 89 € 10 40 € 101.749 00 € 07-04-25 10.000 10 08 € 9 40 € 10 52 € 100.801 00 € TOTAL 43.000 10 48 € 9 40 € 11 10 € 450.675 30 €The total number of shares purchased under this program therefore amounts to 136 017 since this is the second week of execution. As a result  the current situation with respect to treasury shares (held directly by IBA SA and indirectly through its subsidiary IBA Investments SRL) is the following :Shares Voting rights IBA Investments SRL 51.973 103.946 IBA SA 449.596 516.019 Total - Treasury shares 501.569 619.965 Total - Issued shares 30.282.218 40.514.366 Treasury shares in % 1 66% 1 53%About IBAIBA (Ion Beam Applications S.A.) is the world leader in particle accelerator technology. The company is the leading supplier of equipment and services in the fields of proton therapy  considered as the most advanced form of radiation therapy available today  as well as industrial sterilization  radiopharmaceuticals and dosimetry. The company  based in Louvain-la-Neuve  Belgium  employs approximately 2 100 people worldwide. IBA is a certified B Corporation (B Corp) meeting the highest standards of verified social and environmental performance.IBA is listed on the pan-European stock exchange EURONEXT (IBA: Reuters IBAB.BR and Bloomberg IBAB.BB).More information can be found at: www.iba-worldwide.comContact personIBAThomas Pevenage Investor Relationsinvestorrelations@iba-group.comAttachment,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.02,negative,0.0,0.35,0.65,True,English,"['OWN SHARES', 'IBA', 'ACQUISITION', 'Ion Beam Applications S.A.', 'up to 650,000 IBA ordinary shares', 'Ion Beam Applications SA', 'Max price Buyback amount', 'long-term incentive plans', 'particle accelerator technology', 'pan-European stock exchange', 'Investor Relations investorrelations', 'certified B Corporation', 'Reuters IBAB.BR', 'Trade date Shares', 'Shares Voting rights', 'share buyback program', 'IBA Investments SRL', 'Average price', 'Min price', 'Bloomberg IBAB', 'treasury shares', 'Issued shares', 'IBA SA', '43,000 IBA shares', 'Immediate Release', 'Royal Decree', 'Belgian Code', 'March 24th', 'financial intermediary', 'December 31st', 'March 25th', 'total number', 'second week', 'current situation', 'world leader', 'leading supplier', 'proton therapy', 'advanced form', 'radiation therapy', 'industrial sterilization', 'highest standards', 'environmental performance', 'Contact person', 'Thomas Pevenage', 'April 7th', 'April 1st', 'Euronext Brussels', 'More information', '29 April', 'Louvain-la-Neuve', 'Belgium', 'accordance', 'Companies', 'Associations', 'behalf', 'terms', 'mandate', 'validity', 'company', 'obligations', 'management', 'members', 'personnel', 'framework', 'period', 'execution', 'result', 'respect', 'subsidiary', 'equipment', 'services', 'fields', 'radiopharmaceuticals', 'dosimetry', '2,100 people', 'social', 'BB', 'group', 'Attachment']",2025-04-07,2025-04-08,globenewswire.com
49945,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/04/07/3057049/0/en/IBA-long-term-strategy-presented-at-2025-Capital-Markets-Day.html,IBA long-term strategy presented at 2025 Capital Markets Day,Announcement of the appointment of Catherine Vandenborre as CFO  Louvain-la-Neuve  Belgium  07 April  2025 – IBA (Ion Beam Applications S.A. ...,Announcement of the appointment of Catherine Vandenborre as CFOLouvain-la-Neuve  Belgium  07 April  2025 – IBA (Ion Beam Applications S.A.  EURONEXT)  the world leader in particle accelerator technology  hosted its Capital Markets Day (CMD) today at its headquarters in Louvain-la-Neuve  Belgium  and via live webcast.During the event  Olivier Legrain (CEO)  Henri de Romrée (Deputy CEO)  and the IBA management team outlined the company's purpose  vision  and strategy to shareholders  investors  and analysts. They also presented the business review  execution plan  and opportunities for its four business units: Industrial Solutions  RadioPharma Solutions  Proton Therapy  and Dosimetry. The concrete steps undertaken by the group to deliver its mid-term outlook (2024-28) of revenue CAGR of 5-7% with a REBIT margin of around 10% by 2028  and its newly introduced one-year guidance were also detailed.Additionally  the CMD was an opportunity to announce the appointment of Catherine Vandenborre as CFO and head of the IBA Corporate Entity  the group's transversal support center. She will take on her new role starting July 1st  2025.Catherine Vandenborre is a senior executive with a proven track record and deep financial expertise that stems from more than 25 years leading national and global organizations. Since 2010  she has held the role of CFO at Elia Group  an international electricity transmission company. Prior to Elia Group  Catherine founded and managed Belpex  a power exchange market. She started her professional activities as an auditor at Coopers&Lybrand. During her career  she held several leadership roles  covering areas including finance  M&A  innovation  and transformation. Catherine was named CFO of the year by Trends magazine in 2019. She is also a non-executive director at Rexel  a global distributor of electrical materials and services  and Chairwoman of the Audit Committee at Proximus.The presentation from the CMD is available at https://www.iba-worldwide.com/iba-capital-markets-day-2025-presentation-and-recording  and the recording of the event will be viewable at the same address shortly.***ENDS***About IBAIBA (Ion Beam Applications S.A.) is the world leader in particle accelerator technology. The company is the leading supplier of equipment and services in the fields of proton therapy  considered as the most advanced form of radiation therapy available today  as well as industrial sterilization  radiopharmaceuticals and dosimetry. The company  based in Louvain-la-Neuve  Belgium  employs approximately 2 100 people worldwide. IBA is a certified B Corporation (B Corp) meeting the highest standards of verified social and environmental performance.IBA is listed on the pan-European stock exchange EURONEXT (IBA: Reuters IBAB.BR and Bloomberg IBAB.BB).More information can be found at: www.iba-worldwide.comCONTACTSThomas PevenageInvestor Relations  IBA+32 10 475 890investorrelations@iba-group.comOlivier LechienCorporate Communication Director  IBA+32 10 475 890communication@iba-group.comICR HealthcareAmber Fennell  Angela Gray  Lucy Featherstone+44 (0) 20 3709 5700IBA@icrhealthcare.comAttachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,True,English,"['IBA long-term strategy', '2025 Capital Markets Day', 'Ion Beam Applications S.A.', 'Olivier Lechien Corporate Communication Director', 'Henri de Romrée', 'Thomas Pevenage Investor Relations', 'international electricity transmission company', 'particle accelerator technology', 'Capital Markets Day', 'transversal support center', 'proven track record', 'deep financial expertise', 'power exchange market', 'several leadership roles', 'pan-European stock exchange', 'four business units', 'certified B Corporation', 'Reuters IBAB.BR', 'IBA Corporate Entity', 'IBA management team', 'M&A', 'Olivier Legrain', 'business review', 'Bloomberg IBAB', 'world leader', 'live webcast', 'execution plan', 'Industrial Solutions', 'RadioPharma Solutions', 'Proton Therapy', 'concrete steps', 'mid-term outlook', 'REBIT margin', 'one-year guidance', 'senior executive', 'leading national', 'global organizations', 'professional activities', 'Coopers&Lybrand', 'Trends magazine', 'global distributor', 'electrical materials', 'Audit Committee', 'same address', 'leading supplier', 'advanced form', 'radiation therapy', 'industrial sterilization', 'highest standards', 'environmental performance', 'More information', 'ICR Healthcare', 'Amber Fennell', 'Angela Gray', 'Lucy Featherstone', 'Catherine Vandenborre', 'Deputy CEO', 'new role', 'Elia Group', 'Announcement', 'appointment', 'CFO', 'Louvain-la-Neuve', 'Belgium', '07 April', 'EURONEXT', 'CMD', 'headquarters', 'event', 'purpose', 'vision', 'strategy', 'shareholders', 'investors', 'analysts', 'opportunities', 'Dosimetry', 'revenue', 'CAGR', 'opportunity', '25 years', 'Belpex', 'auditor', 'career', 'areas', 'finance', 'innovation', 'transformation', 'Rexel', 'services', 'Chairwoman', 'Proximus', 'presentation', 'capital-markets', 'recording', 'equipment', 'fields', 'radiopharmaceuticals', '2,100 people', 'social', 'BB', 'CONTACTS', 'investorrelations', 'icrhealthcare', 'Attachment']",2025-04-07,2025-04-08,globenewswire.com
49946,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/04/07/3056413/0/en/McPhy-Energy-Departure-of-the-Chief-Executive-Officer.html,McPhy Energy: Departure of the Chief Executive Officer,Foussemagne (France)  April 7  2025 – 7:45 am CEST – McPhy Energy  manufacturer of alkaline electrolyzers (“McPhy”)  announces that its Board of Directors  during its meeting of 4 April  took note of the resignation  for personal reasons  of Mr. Jean-Baptiste…,"Foussemagne (France)  April 7  2025 – 7:45 am CEST – McPhy Energy  manufacturer of alkaline electrolyzers (“McPhy”)  announces that its Board of Directors  during its meeting of 4 April  took note of the resignation  for personal reasons  of Mr. Jean-Baptiste Lucas as Chief Executive Officer.A search process for a new Chief Executive Officer has been initiated by the Board of Directors  in collaboration with the Appointments and Remuneration Committee.Mr. Jean-Baptiste Lucas will hold his office until the appointment of his successor  and no later than July 31  2025.Luc Poyer  Chairman of the Board of Directors  said: ""The Board would like to acknowledge the involvement  rigor and courage that Jean-Baptiste Lucas has shown in a complex environment.”ABOUT MCPHYSpecialized in hydrogen production equipment  McPhy is contributing to the global deployment of low-carbon hydrogen as a solution for energy transition. With its complete range of products dedicated to the industrial  mobility and energy sectors  McPhy offers its customers turnkey solutions adapted to their applications in industrial raw material supply  recharging of fuel cell electric vehicles or storage and recovery of electricity surplus based on renewable sources. As designer  manufacturer and integrator of hydrogen equipment since 2008  McPhy has three development  engineering and production centers in Europe (France  Italy  Germany). Its international subsidiaries provide broad commercial coverage for its innovative hydrogen solutions. McPhy Energy is listed on Euronext Growth Paris (ISIN code: FR0011742329  ticker: ALMCP).CONTACTSInvestor RelationsNewCapThéo Martin / Aurélie ManavarereT. +33 (0)1 44 71 94 94mcphy@newcap.euPress RelationsMcPhyMaïté de Laboulayemaite.de-la-boulaye@mcphy.comT. +33 (0) 6 98 85 86 57Follow us on@McPhyEnergyAttachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.05,0.94,0.01,True,English,"['Chief Executive Officer', 'McPhy Energy', 'Departure', 'fuel cell electric vehicles', 'industrial raw material supply', 'new Chief Executive Officer', 'broad commercial coverage', 'Euronext Growth Paris', 'Théo Martin', 'Aurélie Manavarere', 'Mr. Jean-Baptiste Lucas', 'innovative hydrogen solutions', 'Maïté de', 'hydrogen production equipment', 'Press Relations McPhy', 'industrial, mobility', 'hydrogen equipment', 'low-carbon hydrogen', 'turnkey solutions', 'production centers', 'Investor Relations', 'alkaline electrolyzers', 'personal reasons', 'search process', 'Remuneration Committee', 'Luc Poyer', 'complex environment', 'global deployment', 'energy transition', 'complete range', 'energy sectors', 'electricity surplus', 'renewable sources', 'three development', 'international subsidiaries', 'ISIN code', 'McPhyEnergy Attachment', 'McPhy Energy', 'T.', 'Foussemagne', 'France', 'CEST', 'manufacturer', 'Board', 'Directors', 'meeting', '4 April', 'note', 'resignation', 'collaboration', 'Appointments', 'successor', 'July', 'Chairman', 'involvement', 'rigor', 'courage', 'products', 'customers', 'applications', 'recharging', 'storage', 'recovery', 'designer', 'integrator', 'engineering', 'Europe', 'Italy', 'Germany', 'ticker', 'ALMCP', 'CONTACTS', 'NewCap', 'Laboulaye', 'maite', '7:45', '1']",2025-04-07,2025-04-08,globenewswire.com
49947,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/04/07/3057045/0/en/BIC-Annual-Shareholders-Meeting-on-May-20-2025-Publication-of-Meeting-notice.html,BIC: Annual Shareholders’ Meeting on May 20  2025 - Publication of Meeting notice,Annual Shareholders’ Meeting on 20 May 2025Publication of Meeting notice  Clichy  France – April 7  2025 - The shareholders of Société BIC are invited...,Annual Shareholders’ Meeting on 20 May 2025Publication of Meeting noticeClichy  France – April 7  2025 - The shareholders of Société BIC are invited to participate to the Combined  Ordinary and Extraordinary  General Meeting of the Shareholders that will take place on Tuesday  May 20th  2025  at 9:30 a.m. at the Cloud Business Center  10 bis  rue du 4 Septembre  75002 Paris.The notice of meeting (avis de réunion valant avis de convocation) was published at the French official legal announcement publication (BALO) on Monday  April 7th  2025 (n°42 - announcement 2500445) and includes the agenda  the draft text of the resolutions and the terms of participation and voting at this Annual Shareholders’ Meeting.Documents and information concerning the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting will be made available to shareholders as provided by applicable regulations and notably on the BIC’s website at the following link: https://investors.bic.com/en-us/shareholders/assemblees-generales-annuelles.About BICA global leader in stationery  lighters  and shavers  BIC brings simplicity and joy to everyday life. For 80 years  BIC’s commitment to delivering high-quality  affordable  and trusted products has established BIC as a symbol of reliability and innovation. With a presence in over 160 countries  and over 13 000 team members worldwide  BIC’s portfolio includes iconic brands and products such as BIC® 4-Color™  BodyMark®  Cello®  Cristal®  Inkbox®  BIC Kids®  Lucky™  Rocketbook®  Tattly®  Tipp-Ex®  Wite-Out®  Djeep®  EZ Load™  EZ Reach®  BIC® Flex™  Soleil®  Tangle Teezer® and more. Listed on Euronext Paris and included in the SBF120 and CAC Mid 60 indexes  BIC is also recognized for its steadfast commitments to sustainability and education. For more  visit www.corporate.bic.com and to see BIC’s full range of products visit www.bic.com . Follow BIC on LinkedIn   Instagram   YouTube and TikTok .CONTACTSBrice ParisVP Investor Relations+33 6 42 87 54 73brice.paris@bicworld.comMichèle VenturaSenior Investor Relations Manager+33 6 79 31 50 37michele.ventura@bicworld.com Bethridge ToovellVP Global Communications+1 917 821 4249bethridge.toovell@bicworld.comApolline CeleyronSenior Communications Manager+33 6 13 63 44 43apolline.celeyron@bicworld.comAttachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.56,0.44,0.0,True,English,"['Annual Shareholders’ Meeting', 'Meeting notice', 'BIC', 'May', 'Publication', 'avis de réunion valant avis', 'French official legal announcement publication', 'Senior Investor Relations Manager', 'VP Investor Relations', 'Senior Communications Manager', 'Cloud Business Center', 'CAC Mid 60 indexes', 'Extraordinary, General Meeting', 'VP Global Communications', 'Michèle Ventura', 'Annual Shareholders’ Meeting', 'Société BIC', 'global leader', 'Meeting notice', 'Combined, Ordinary', 'draft text', 'applicable regulations', 'following link', 'everyday life', '13,000 team members', 'iconic brands', 'EZ Load™', 'EZ Reach®', 'Tangle Teezer®', 'steadfast commitments', 'full range', 'May 20th', 'April 7th', 'Euronext Paris', 'BIC® 4-Color™', 'BIC Kids®', 'BIC® Flex™', 'trusted products', 'Brice Paris', 'Bethridge Toovell', 'Apolline Celeyron', '20 May', '75002 Paris', 'Clichy', 'France', 'place', 'Tuesday', '9:30 a', '10 bis', 'rue', '4 Septembre', 'convocation', 'BALO', 'Monday', 'agenda', 'resolutions', 'terms', 'participation', 'voting', 'Documents', 'information', 'website', 'investors', 'generales-annuelles', 'stationery', 'lighters', 'shavers', 'simplicity', 'joy', '80 years', 'symbol', 'reliability', 'innovation', 'presence', '160 countries', 'portfolio', 'BodyMark®', 'Cello®', 'Cristal®', 'Inkbox®', 'Lucky™', 'Rocketbook', 'Tattly®', 'Tipp-Ex®', 'Wite-Out®', 'Djeep', 'Soleil®', 'SBF120', 'sustainability', 'education', 'corporate', 'LinkedIn', 'Instagram', 'YouTube', 'TikTok', 'CONTACTS', 'bicworld', 'michele', 'Attachment']",2025-04-07,2025-04-08,globenewswire.com
49948,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/04/07/3057007/0/en/BIC-Disclosure-Of-Trading-In-Own-Shares-for-March-2025.html,BIC: Disclosure Of Trading In Own Shares for March 2025,Disclosure Of Trading In Own SharesFor March 2025  CLICHY – April 07  2025  In compliance with general regulation on share buy-backs  Société BIC...,Disclosure Of Trading In Own SharesFor March 2025CLICHY – April 07  2025In compliance with general regulation on share buy-backs  Société BIC declares below the transactions made on its own shares for March 2025:Date Number of shares Average weighted price in € Amount in € 04/03/2025 14 000 59.0000 826 000.00 31/03/2025 71 046 62.8000 4 461 688.80 TOTAL 85 046 62.1745 5 287 688.80ABOUT BICA global leader in stationery  lighters  and shavers  BIC brings simplicity and joy to everyday life. For 80 years  BIC’s commitment to delivering high-quality  affordable  and trusted products has established BIC as a symbol of reliability and innovation. With a presence in over 160 countries  and over 13 000 team members worldwide  BIC’s portfolio includes iconic brands and products such as BIC® 4-Color™  BodyMark®  Cello®  Cristal®  Inkbox®  BIC Kids®  Lucky™  Rocketbook®  Tattly®  Tipp-Ex®  Wite-Out®  Djeep®  EZ Load™  EZ Reach®  BIC® Flex™  Soleil®  Tangle Teezer® and more. Listed on Euronext Paris and included in the SBF120 and CAC Mid 60 indexes  BIC is also recognized for its steadfast commitment to sustainability and education. For more  visit www.corporate.bic.com and to see BIC’s full range of products visit www.bic.com. Follow BIC on LinkedIn  Instagram  YouTube and TikTok.CONTACTSBrice ParisVP Investor Relations+33 6 42 87 54 73brice.paris@bicworld.comMichèle VenturaSenior Investor Relations Manager+33 6 79 31 50 37michele.ventura@bicworld.com Bethridge ToovellVP Global Communications+1 917 821 4249bethridge.toovell@bicworld.comApolline CeleyronSenior Communications Manager+33 6 13 63 44 43apolline.celeyron@bicworld.comAgendaAll dates to be confirmedFirst Quarter 2025 Net Sales April 23  2025 Annual General Meeting May 20  2025 First Half 2025 Results July 30  2025 Third Quarter 2025 Net Sales October 28  2025Attachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.68,0.31,0.0,True,English,"['Own Shares', 'BIC', 'Disclosure', 'Trading', 'March', 'Senior Investor Relations Manager', 'VP Investor Relations', 'Senior Communications Manager', 'CAC Mid 60 indexes', 'VP Global Communications', '2025 Annual General Meeting', 'First Half 2025 Results', 'Michèle Ventura', 'Société BIC', 'general regulation', 'global leader', 'First Quarter', 'share buy-backs', 'Date Number', 'everyday life', '13,000 team members', 'iconic brands', 'EZ Load™', 'EZ Reach®', 'Tangle Teezer®', 'full range', 'Net Sales', 'Third Quarter', 'Euronext Paris', 'steadfast commitment', 'BIC® 4-Color™', 'BIC Kids®', 'BIC® Flex™', 'Own Shares', 'trusted products', 'Brice Paris', 'Bethridge Toovell', 'Apolline Celeyron', 'Disclosure', 'Trading', 'March', 'CLICHY', 'April', 'compliance', 'transactions', 'Average', 'price', 'Amount', 'ABOUT', 'stationery', 'lighters', 'shavers', 'simplicity', 'joy', '80 years', 'symbol', 'reliability', 'innovation', 'presence', '160 countries', 'portfolio', 'BodyMark®', 'Cello®', 'Cristal®', 'Inkbox®', 'Lucky™', 'Rocketbook', 'Tattly®', 'Tipp-Ex®', 'Wite-Out®', 'Djeep', 'Soleil®', 'SBF120', 'sustainability', 'education', 'corporate', 'LinkedIn', 'Instagram', 'YouTube', 'TikTok', 'CONTACTS', 'bicworld', 'michele', 'Agenda', 'dates', 'July', 'October', 'Attachment', '€']",2025-04-07,2025-04-08,globenewswire.com
49949,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/04/07/3056411/0/en/Atos-brings-forward-its-first-quarter-2025-revenue-release-to-April-17-2025-to-synchronize-with-its-liquidity-reporting.html,Atos brings forward its first quarter 2025 revenue release to April 17  2025 to synchronize with its liquidity reporting,Press Release  Atos brings forward its first quarter 2025 revenue release to April 17  2025 to synchronize with its liquidity reporting  Paris  France...,Press ReleaseAtos brings forward its first quarter 2025 revenue release to April 17  2025 to synchronize with its liquidity reportingParis  France - April 7  2025 – Atos SE announces that it brings forward its Q1 2025 revenue publication date to April 17  2025 in order to synchronize it with the issuance of its liquidity report required as part of its recurring reporting obligations towards its creditors.Initially planned on April 25  2025  the first quarter revenue press release will be issued on April 17  2025 at 07:30 am (CET – Paris) and will include the Group’s estimated liquidity position as of March 31st  2025.The Group does not plan to hold a conference call on that day and will not provide indications on its 2025 financial objectives  as it will present an update of its strategy and organization during a Capital Markets Day that will be held in Bezons and webcast live on May 14  2025.Forthcoming eventsApril 17  2025 (Before Market Opening)First quarter 2025 revenue May 14  2025 Capital Markets DayJune 13  2025 Annual General Meeting August 1st  2025 (Before Market Opening) First semester 2025 results***About AtosAtos is a global leader in digital transformation with circa 78 000 employees and annual revenue of circa €10 billion. European number one in cybersecurity  cloud and high-performance computing  the Group provides tailored end-to-end solutions for all industries in 68 countries. A pioneer in decarbonization services and products  Atos is committed to a secure and decarbonized digital for its clients. Atos is a SE (Societas Europaea) and listed on Euronext Paris.The purpose of Atos is to help design the future of the information space. Its expertise and services support the development of knowledge  education and research in a multicultural approach and contribute to the development of scientific and technological excellence. Across the world  the Group enables its customers and employees  and members of societies at large to live  work and develop sustainably  in a safe and secure information space.ContactsInvestor relations:David Pierre-Kahn | investors@atos.net | +33 6 28 51 45 96Sofiane El Amri | investors@atos.net | +33 6 29 34 85 67Individual shareholders: +33 8 05 65 00 75Press contact: globalprteam@atos.netAttachment,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,neutral,0.03,0.96,0.01,True,English,"['first quarter 2025 revenue release', 'liquidity reporting', 'Atos', 'April', 'first quarter revenue press release', 'Q1 2025 revenue publication date', 'first quarter 2025 revenue release', 'First semester 2025 results', 'Before Market Opening', 'Sofiane El Amri', 'recurring reporting obligations', 'Annual General Meeting', 'Capital Markets Day', 'secure information space', 'annual revenue', 'Press contact', 'liquidity reporting', 'liquidity position', 'March 31st', 'conference call', '2025 financial objectives', 'Forthcoming events', 'global leader', 'digital transformation', 'European number', 'high-performance computing', 'end solutions', 'decarbonized digital', 'Societas Europaea', 'multicultural approach', 'technological excellence', 'Investor relations', 'David Pierre-Kahn', 'Individual shareholders', 'decarbonization services', 'Euronext Paris', 'The Group', 'Atos SE', 'atos.', 'April', 'France', 'order', 'issuance', 'part', 'creditors', 'CET', 'indications', 'update', 'strategy', 'organization', 'Bezons', 'webcast', 'May', 'June', 'circa', '78,000 employees', 'cybersecurity', 'cloud', 'tailored', 'industries', '68 countries', 'pioneer', 'products', 'clients', 'purpose', 'future', 'expertise', 'development', 'knowledge', 'education', 'research', 'scientific', 'world', 'customers', 'members', 'societies', 'large', 'safe', 'Contacts', 'investors', 'globalprteam', 'Attachment', '07:30', '05']",2025-04-07,2025-04-08,globenewswire.com
49950,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/04/07/3056545/0/en/Notice-to-the-Annual-General-Meeting.html,Notice to the Annual General Meeting,COMPANY ANNOUNCEMENT NO 19/2025 - April 7  2025       To the shareholders of Royal Unibrew A/SCVR No 41 95 67 12The Board of Directors of Royal Unibrew...,COMPANY ANNOUNCEMENT NO 19/2025 - April 7  2025To the shareholders of Royal Unibrew A/SCVR No 41 95 67 12The Board of Directors of Royal Unibrew A/S hereby gives notice of the Company’s AnnualGeneral Meeting 2025Tuesday  April 29  2025  at 4 pm (CEST)The Annual General Meeting will be held as a fully electronic general meeting with no physical attendance in accordance with the Company’s Articles of AssociationAgenda and full contents of the proposals:1. Report on the Company’s business activities during the year2. Presentation of the audited Annual Report 2024 for approvalThe Board of Directors proposes that the audited Annual Report for 2024 be adopted.3. Resolution to discharge the Board of Directors and the Executive Management from liabilityThe Board of Directors proposes that the Board of Directors and the Executive Management are granted discharge from liability in relation to the approved Annual Report 2024.4. Proposed distribution of profit for the year  including resolution on the amount of dividendThe net profit of Royal Unibrew A/S for 2024 is DKK 1 453 million. The board of directors proposes to pay out a dividend of DKK 15.00 per share of nominally DKK 2 corresponding to a total dividend of DKK 753 million and that the remaining net profit of DKK 700 million be carried forward.5. Presentation of the Remuneration Report for 2024 for approvalThe Board of Directors proposes that the Remuneration Report for 2024 be approved.6. Approval of remuneration of the Board of Directors for 2025The Board of Directors proposes that the fees to the Board of Directors for 2025 are increased to the effect that the base fee will be DKK 450 000 per board member (“Base Fee”). The Chair shall continue to receive three times the Base Fee (including Base Fee) and the Deputy Chair shall continue to receive 1.75 times the Base Fee (including Base Fee) for their extended duties and obligations.Board members who also serve on the Nomination and Remuneration Committee or the Audit Committee will receive an additional annual fixed fee corresponding to 33% of the Base Fee per membership of one of the board committees. For extended duties and obligations  the Chair of the Audit Committee receives an annual fixed fee corresponding to 80% of the Base Fee and the Chair of the Nomination and Remuneration Committee receives an annual fixed fee corresponding to 50% of the Base Fee.7. Consideration of proposals submitted by the Board of Directors7.1 Authorizations to increase the Company’s share capitalThe Board of Directors proposes that the Board of Directors is authorized to increase the Company’s share capital with and without pre-emption rights for existing shareholders by a nominal amount of up to DKK 20 080 000 corresponding to 20% of the share capital of the Company. The authorizations to increase the Company’s share capital with and without pre-emption rights for existing shareholders  respectively  shall apply up to and including April 28  2030. The proposal implies that Article 7 of the Articles of Association will be amended and worded as follows:“Up to and including April 28  2030  the Board of Directors is authorized to increase the share capital  in one or more issues  with pre-emption rights for the existing shareholders by a nominal value of up to a total of DKK 20 080 000 by issuing new shares  subject  however  to Sub-Article 3 hereof. The capital increase must be effected by cash contributions at a subscription price fixed by the board of directors.Up to and including April 28  2030  the Board of Directors is authorized to increase the share capital  in one or more issues  without pre-emption rights for the existing shareholders by a nominal value of up to a total of DKK 20 080 000 by issuing new shares  subject  however  to Sub-Article 3 hereof. The capital increase must be effected at or above market price in the form of cash contributions  conversion of debt or by contributions of assets other than cash  i.e. any non-cash contributions.The Board of Directors’ authorizations pursuant to Sub-Articles 1 and 2 hereof may be exercised to issue new shares of a total nominal value not exceeding DKK 20 080 000.New shares issued pursuant to Sub-Articles 1 and 2 hereof must be paid up in full; be issued in the name of the shareholder; be registered in the name of the shareholder in the Company's register of shareholders; be negotiable instruments and carry the same rights as those conferred by existing shares.The Board of Directors shall be authorized to make any amendment to the Articles required in connection with an increase of the share capital pursuant to this Article.”7.2. Authorization to acquire treasury sharesThe Board of Directors proposes that until the next Annual General Meeting the General Meeting authorizes the Board of Directors to let the Company acquire treasury shares equivalent to a total of 10% of the Company’s share capital at the time of the authorization  provided that the Company’s total holding of treasury shares at no point exceeds 10% of the Company’s share capital. The consideration must not deviate by more than 10% from the official price quoted at Nasdaq Copenhagen at the time of acquisition.8. Election of members of the Board of DirectorsThe members of the Board of Directors elected by the General Meeting are elected for a term of one year and are eligible for re-election.The Board of Directors proposes re-election of Peter Ruzicka  Jais Valeur  Torben Carlsen  Catharina Stackelberg-Hammarén and Lise Mortensen. Heidi Kleinbach-Sauter is not available for re-election.Furthermore  the Board of Directors proposes that Inge Plochaet is elected as new member of the Board of Directors.Provided that members of the Board of Directors are elected in accordance with the proposal of the Board of Directors  the Board of Directors consists of six members elected by the General Meeting and three members elected by the employees. It is the intention of the Board of Directors to elect Peter Ruzicka as Chair and Jais Valeur as Deputy Chair.Information on the background  qualifications  independence  managerial duties and demanding organizational assignments of the board candidates is available at the Company’s website www.royalunibrew.com  see ”Investor”  and in Appendix 1 to this notice.9. Appointment of state-authorized public auditorThe Board of Directors proposes re-appointment of Deloitte Statsautoriseret Revisionspartnerselskab in accordance with the Audit Committee's recommendation. The appointment applies to both the statutory financial auditing as well as assurance engagements relating to sustainability reporting. The Audit Committee has informed the Board of Directors that it has not been influenced by third parties nor has it been subject to any contractual obligation restricting the General Meeting’s choice of certain auditors or audit firms.10. Any other business********Adoption requirements  share capital  record date  attendance and voting rightThe resolution to adopt the proposed agenda item 7.1 must be passed by at least 2/3 of the votes cast as well as of the share capital represented at the Annual General Meeting. All other proposed resolutions may be passed by simple majority.The Company’s share capital of nominally DKK 100 400 000 is divided into shares of DKK 2 or multiples hereof. Each share of DKK 2 entitles the holder to one vote (50 200 000 votes in total).The record date is Tuesday  April 22  2025 at 11:59 pm (CEST). The right to participate and vote  including voting by correspondence or issue of proxy  is calculated on the basis of registration in the Company’s register of shareholders on this date and on the basis of notifications of ownership received by the Company on this date for entry in the register of shareholders.Shareholders holding shares in the Company on the record date are entitled to attend and vote at the General Meeting. Moreover  in order to attend  the shareholder must have requested admission within the deadline as described below.Requesting admission to the Annual General MeetingIn order to attend the Annual General Meeting  the shareholder must have requested admission no later than Friday  April 25  2025 at 11:59 pm (CEST). Admission may be requested either through Euronext Securities’ website  https://euronext.com/cph-agm  through www.royalunibrew.com (click on Investor – Investor Portal) or alternatively via Euronext Securities by telephone +45 43 58 88 66. Moreover  the registration form can be downloaded from www.royalunibrew.com (click on Investor – AGM). If the form is used  it must be completed  signed and sent by ordinary mail to Euronext Securities  Nicolai Eigtveds Gade 8  DK-1402 Copenhagen  or as a scanned copy to CPH-investor@euronext.com and be received within the deadline.Following timely registration  a confirmation will be forwarded to the shareholder’s email address provided by the shareholder. The email address must be registered at the Company’s Investor Portal at www.royalunibrew.com (click on Investor – Investor Portal). The confirmation email contains a link to the Annual General Meeting from which the general meeting can be accessed  cf. below.Attending the Annual General Meeting electronicallyParticipation in the Annual General Meeting will take place through the AGM Portal  which can be accessed through a web browser on desktop devices  smartphones or tablets. The AGM Portal provides the possibility of asking questions  providing comments and voting (if required) during the live webcast of the Annual General Meeting. Links for accessing the AGM Portal and information on the procedure for electronically attending the Annual General Meeting will be provided by email to shareholders who have notified the Company of his/her attendance at the Annual General Meeting  cf. above.To attend the Annual General Meeting  shareholders must have an electronic device with a supported web browser as well as an adequate and functioning internet connection available at the time of the Annual General Meeting. Each shareholder is responsible for ensuring that the hardware and software satisfy the following requirements:Browser/PCThe Annual General Meeting can be attended by use of evergreen browsers on a PC/Mac  mobile phone and tablet/iPad. Evergreen browsers (e.g.  Edge  Chrome and Firefox) are browsers that automatically update to new versions. Internet Explorer cannot be used.Apple productsThe AGM Portal will run in the four latest main versions of the Safari browser on Mac  iPhone and iPad (Safari versions 14  15  16 and 17).Internet connectionThe quality of the transmission will depend on the shareholders’ individual internet providers. As a minimum  shareholders should have a 5-10 Mbit/s connection.Information on how to electronically attend the Annual General Meeting can also be found at www.royalunibrew.com  see “Investor”.ProxyProxy may be granted either through Euronext Securities’ website  https://euronext.com/cph-agm  or through www.royalunibrew.com (click on Investor – Investor Portal) (requires electronic access code) no later than Friday  April 25  2025 at 11:59 pm (CEST). Moreover  the proxy form can be downloaded from www.royalunibrew.com (click on Investor – AGM). If the form is used  it must be completed  signed and sent by ordinary mail to Euronext Securities  Nicolai Eigtveds Gade 8  1402 Copenhagen  or as a scanned copy to CPH-investor@euronext.com and be received within the deadline.Voting by correspondenceShareholders may vote in writing by letter either through Euronext Investor Services’ website  https://euronext.com/cph-agm  or through www.royalunibrew.com (click on Investor – Investor Portal) (requires electronic access code) no later than Monday  April 28  2025 at 12:00 noon (CEST). Moreover  the voting by correspondence form can be downloaded from www.royalunibrew.com (click on Investor – AGM). If the form is used  it must be completed  signed and sent by ordinary mail to Euronext Securities  Nicolai Eigtveds Gade 8  DK-1402 Copenhagen  or as a scanned copy to CPH-investor@euronext.com   and be received within the deadline.Questions from shareholdersShareholders can ask questions on the annual report  the Company in general or on the agenda items prior to the Annual General Meeting. Such questions can be submitted by written inquiry to the Company’s investor relations office  Faxe Allé 1  DK-4640 Faxe or by email to investor.relations@royalunibrew.com. The questions will as far as possible be answered in writing prior to the Annual General Meeting and published at the Company’s website or presented by the Chair of the Annual General Meeting and answered at the Annual General Meeting.Moreover  shareholders can electronically ask questions at the Annual General Meeting through the AGM portal.Personal dataPrompted by requirements set out in the Danish Companies Act  the Company processes personal information about its shareholders as part of the administration of the company's register of shareholders and other communications. The following information is processed: Name  address  contact information  VP account number  shareholding and participation in events. You can read more about how the Company processes personal information on the Company’s website: Privacy policy.Other informationThe following documentation is available on the Company’s website  www.royalunibrew.com (click on “Investor – AGM”):- Notice of the Annual General Meeting  including the agenda and the complete proposals;- Total number of shares and voting rights on the date of the notice;- The documents to be presented at the Annual General Meeting;- Forms to be used in connection with voting by proxy or by correspondence.The Annual General Meeting will be broadcasted live by webcast at the Company’s website  www.royalunibrew.com. Simultaneous interpretation from Danish to English and English to Danish will be available at the Company’s website.Faxe  April 7  2025On behalf of the Board of DirectorsPeter RuzickaChair of the Board of DirectorsAppendix 1Candidates for the Board of Directors – Profiles and overview of their managerial duties with other Danish and foreign commercial enterprises:Peter RuzickaBorn 1964. Norwegian. Member of the Board of Directors since 2021 and Chair since 2022. Peter Ruzicka is a professional board member.The Board of Directors proposes re-election of Peter Ruzicka due to his extensive international experience within the food and beverage industry as well as FMCG (Fast Moving Consumer Goods). In addition  broad operational expertise with strategy execution and transformation.Listed companies:Peter Ruzicka is Chair of the Board of Directors of Pandora A/S  Denmark  and member of the Board of Directors of Axfood AB  Sweden.Non-listed companies:Peter Ruzicka is Chair of the Board of Directors of Aspelin Ramm Gruppen AS and AKA AS  both in Norway  and Chair of The Nutriment Company  Sweden.Peter Ruzicka is recommended election as an independent board member in accordance with section 3.2.1 of the Recommendation on Corporate Governance.Peter Ruzicka is Chair of the Nomination and Remuneration Committee and member of the Audit Committee.Jais ValeurBorn 1962. Danish. Member of the Board of Directors since 2013 and Deputy Chair since 2018. Jais Valeur is a professional board member.The Board of Directors proposes re-election of Jais Valeur due to special expertise in general management and transformation of international enterprises within FMCG (Fast Moving Consumer Goods) and within the food and food ingredient industry. Has led the Danish governments Advisory panel on a green transition of the Danish Food and Agricultural sector.Listed companies:Jais Valeur is member of the Board of Directors of Alm Brand A/S  Denmark.Jais Valeur is not considered independent in accordance with item 3.2.1 of the Danish Recommenda-tions on Corporate Governance due to the fact that Jais Valeur has been a member of the Board of Directors for 12 years.Jais Valeur is member of the Nomination and Remuneration Committee.Torben CarlsenBorn 1965. Danish. Member of the Board of Directors since 2021. Torben Carlsen is President & CEO of DFDS since 2019 with prior positions as Executive Vice President and CFO of DFDS since 2009.The Board of Directors proposes re-election of Torben Carlsen due to his Broad international expertise and knowledge within finance  risk management  M&A and management of international corporationsListed companies:Torben Carlsen is Group CEO of DFDS and part of the management in 30 fully owned non-listed subsidiaries of DFDS  Denmark.Non-Listed companies:Torben Carlsen is Chair of Copenhagen Infrastructure Partners: CI II  CI III and CI IV K/S. Gro Capital Partners: Fund I and II K/S (Chair of the Investment Committees)  Danish Shipping  all in Denmark. Member of the Board of Directors of Dyal 1 ApS  P/S Dyal Investments and PPC Ejendomme A/S  all in Denmark.Torben Carlsen is recommended election as an independent board member in accordance with section 3.2.1 of the Recommendation on Corporate Governance.Catharina Stackelberg-HammarénBorn 1970. Finnish. Member of the Board of Directors since 2019. Catharina Stackelberg-Hammarén is Senior Vicepresident of Knowit Oy.The Board of Directors proposes re-election of Catharina Stackelberg-Hammarén due to her broad international experience within fast moving consumer goods and management consulting. Special expertise in strategy  innovation  commercial excellence  technology and ESG.Listed companies:Catharina Stackelberg-Hammarén is Chair of the Board of Directors of Alma Media Plc  Deputy Chair of the Board Directors of Harvia Plc  both in Finland.Catharina Stackelberg-Hammarén is recommended for election as an independent board member in accordance with section 3.2.1 of the Recommendations on Corporate Governance.Lise MortensenBorn 1968. Lise Mortensen is professional board member.The Board of Directors proposes re-election of Lise Mortensen due to her extensive experience and competencies within finance  sustainability  digital technologies and cybersecurity  and international leadership including change and transformation  business development  strategy and M&A.Listed companies:Lise Mortensen is Member of the Board of Directors at GN Store Nord A/S  Denmark.Non-listed companies:Lise Mortensen is Member of the Board of Directors at Seasalt Group ApS and Dovista A/S  both in Denmark  and Vizrt Group  Sweden.Lise Mortensen is recommended for election as an independent board member in accordance with section 3.2.1 of the Recommendations on Corporate Governance.Lise Mortensen is Chair of the Audit Committee.Inge Plochaet as new board memberBorn 1968. Inge Plochaet is professional board member and managing director of Tower Consulting BV in Belgium.The Board of Directors proposes election of Inge Plochaet due to her solid background with more than 20 years’ experience in the beverage industry  her broad knowledge with FMCG and consumer sectors  extensive knowledge with business strategy and international profile from operations throughout Europe.Listed companies:Inge Plochaet is Member of the Board of Directors at Sligro Food Group N.V. in the Netherlands and What’s Cooking N.V. in Belgium.Non-listed companies:Inge Plochaet is Chair of the Board of Directors at B-Steel in Belgium and Member of the Board of Directors of De Hoop Terneuzen B.V. and Faber Group B.V.  both in the Netherlands.Inge Plochaet is recommended for election as an independent board member in accordance with section 3.2.1 of the Recommendations on Corporate Governance.The above information on the background and duties of the candidates is also available at www.royalunibrew.com.Attachment,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'Notice', 'next Annual General Meeting', 'additional annual fixed fee', 'The Annual General Meeting', 'electronic general meeting', 'Royal Unibrew A/S', 'remaining net profit', 'total nominal value', 'Annual Report', 'base fee', 'The Board', 'CVR No', 'physical attendance', 'full contents', 'business activities', 'Executive Management', 'extended duties', 'Audit Committee', 'pre-emption rights', 'new shares', 'subscription price', 'market price', 'negotiable instruments', 'same rights', 'existing shares', 'treasury shares', 'share capital', 'Remuneration Committee', 'nominal amount', 'existing shareholders', 'capital increase', 'total holding', 'Remuneration Report', 'Association Agenda', 'cash contributions', 'Deputy Chair', 'board member', 'board committees', 'COMPANY ANNOUNCEMENT', 'total dividend', 'April', 'Directors', 'notice', 'Tuesday', 'CEST', 'accordance', 'Articles', 'proposals', 'year', 'Presentation', 'approval', 'Resolution', 'liability', 'discharge', 'relation', 'distribution', 'DKK', 'fees', 'effect', 'obligations', 'Nomination', 'membership', 'Consideration', '7.1 Authorizations', 'one', 'issues', 'Sub-Article', 'form', 'conversion', 'debt', 'assets', 'name', 'register', 'amendment', 'connection', 'time', 'point', '4', '1.75']",2025-04-07,2025-04-08,globenewswire.com
49951,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/04/07/3057153/0/en/Banijay-Group-weekly-share-transactions.html,Banijay Group: weekly share transactions,Press Release  Paris – 07 April 2025  Share Transactions Disclosure  Banijay Group N.V.1 (894500G73K46H93RF180) declares the following transactions made...,Press ReleaseParis – 07 April 2025Share Transactions DisclosureBanijay Group N.V.1 (894500G73K46H93RF180) declares the following transactions made on its own shares (NL0015000X07) from 31 March to 04 April 2025 in accordance with the authorization given by the shareholder’s annual meeting on 23 May 2024.Trade Date Side Total Daily Volume (Number of Shares) Average Price Amount of Transactions Market Identification Code 2025-03-31 BUY 329 9.235106 3 038.35 XAMS 2025-03-31 SELL 213 9.250000 1 970.25 XAMS 2025-04-01 BUY 87 9.250000 804.75 XAMS 2025-04-01 SELL 53 9.300000 492.90 XAMS 2025-04-02 BUY 42 9.400000 394.80 XAMS 2025-04-02 SELL 545 9.429633 5 139.15 XAMS 2025-04-03 BUY 2157 9.265994 19 986.75 XAMS 2025-04-04 BUY 1438 8.676008 12 476.10 XAMS 2025-04-04 SELL 487 8.913758 4 341.00 XAMSThe disclosure of all share transactions was made publicly available and can be consulted on the company’s website (https://group.banijay.com/liquidity-agreement/) under the section « Investors ».AgendaFY 2024 results: 6 March 2025Investor RelationsCaroline Cohen – Phone: +33 1 44 95 23 34 – c.cohen@group.banijay.comPress Relationsbanijaygroup@brunswickgroup.comHugues Boëton – Phone: +33 6 79 99 27 15Nicolas Grange – Phone: +33 6 29 56 20 19About Banijay GroupBanijay Group is a global entertainment leader founded by Stéphane Courbit  a 30-year entrepreneur and entertainment industry pioneer. Our mission is to inspire passion by providing audiences with engaging and innovative entertainment experiences. The Group’s activities include content production & distribution (through Banijay Entertainment  the largest international independent producer distributor)  live experiences (through Banijay Live  a leading player in live experiences) and online sports betting & gaming (through Banijay Gaming  Europe’s fastest-growing online sports betting platform). In 2023  Banijay Group recorded revenue and Adjusted EBITDA of €4 318m and €737m respectively.Banijay Group is listed on Euronext Amsterdam (ISIN: NL0015000X07  Bloomberg: BNJ:NA  Reuters: BNJ.AS).1 Previously known as FL Entertainment N.V. until 24 May 2024Attachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.0,True,English,"['weekly share transactions', 'Banijay Group', 'Trade Date Side Total Daily Volume', 'largest international independent producer distributor', 'growing online sports betting platform', 'FL Entertainment N.V.', 'Transactions Market Identification Code', 'Banijay Group N.V', 'Average Price Amount', 'Hugues Boëton', 'global entertainment leader', 'Stéphane Courbit', 'entertainment industry pioneer', 'innovative entertainment experiences', 'Share Transactions Disclosure', 'Banijay Entertainment', 'following transactions', 'live experiences', 'The Group', 'Press Release', 'annual meeting', 'FY 2024 results', 'Investor Relations', 'Press Relations', 'Nicolas Grange', '30-year entrepreneur', 'content production', 'Banijay Live', 'leading player', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'Caroline Cohen', 'Banijay Gaming', 'BNJ.AS', 'Paris', '07 April', '94500G73K46H93RF180', 'shares', '31 March', '04 April', 'accordance', 'authorization', 'shareholder', '23 May', 'Number', 'BUY', 'XAMS', 'SELL', 'company', 'website', 'liquidity-agreement', 'section', 'Investors', 'Agenda', '6 March', 'Phone', 'banijaygroup', 'brunswickgroup', 'mission', 'passion', 'audiences', 'engaging', 'activities', 'distribution', 'Europe', 'revenue', 'Adjusted', 'EBITDA', 'ISIN', 'Bloomberg', 'Reuters', '24 May', 'Attachment']",2025-04-07,2025-04-08,globenewswire.com
49952,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/04/07/3057010/0/en/Availability-of-the-explanatory-documentation-for-the-Combined-General-Meeting-of-April-29-2025.html,Availability of the explanatory documentation for the Combined General Meeting of April 29  2025,Paris  April 7  2025  Press release  Availability of the explanatory documentation for the Combined General Meeting of April 29  2025  The Combined...,Paris  April 7  2025Press releaseAvailability of the explanatory documentation for the Combined General Meeting of April 29  2025The Combined General Meeting of shareholders of Unibail-Rodamco-Westfield SE will be held at Palais des Congrès de Paris (2  place de la Porte Maillot  salle Bordeaux – 75017 Paris  France) on Tuesday April 29  2025  at 10:30 am (Paris time).This General Meeting will be broadcast live and its webcast will be available on replay on the Company’s website www.urw.com (section Investors/General Meetings).The formal notice of meeting (avis de réunion valant avis de convocation) to this General Meeting was published (in French) on March 21  2025  in the BALO (Bulletin des Annonces Légales Obligatoires).The convening notice (avis de convocation) will be published (in French) on April 9  2025  in the legal notices newspaper Journal Spécial des Sociétés.The formal notice of meeting (avis de réunion valant avis de convocation)  the notice of meeting (brochure de convocation) as well as the explanatory documentation for this Combined General Meeting are made available to shareholders  under applicable legal and regulatory conditions  and can be consulted on the website www.urw.com (section Investors/General Meetings).For more information  please contact:Investor RelationsMeriem Delfi+33 7 63 45 59 77investor.relations@urw.comJuliette Aulagnon+33 6 15 74 20 43investor.relations@urw.comImane Rafiky+33 6 10 95 86 88investor.relations@urw.comMedia RelationsUK/Global:Cornelia Schnepf – Finelk+44 7387 108 998cornelia.Schnepf@finelk.euFrance:Etienne Dubanchet – PLEAD+33 6 62 70 09 43Etienne.Dubanchet@plead.frAbout Unibail-Rodamco-WestfieldUnibail-Rodamco-Westfield is an owner  developer and operator of sustainable  high-quality real estate assets in the most dynamic cities in Europe and the United States.The Group operates 67 shopping centres in 11 countries  including 39 which carry the iconic Westfield brand. These centres attract over 900 million visits annually and provide a unique platform for retailers and brands to connect with consumers. URW also has a portfolio of high-quality offices  10 convention and exhibition venues in Paris  and a €3.5 Bn development pipeline of mainly mixed-use assets. Its xi €50 Bn portfolio is 87% in retail  6% in offices  5% in convention and exhibition venues  and 2% in services (as at December 31  2024).URW is a committed partner to major cities on urban regeneration projects  through both mixed-use development and the retrofitting of buildings to industry-leading sustainability standards. These commitments are enhanced by the Group’s Better Places plan  which strives to make a positive environmental  social and economic impact on the cities and communities where URW operates.URW’s stapled shares are listed on Euronext Paris (Ticker: URW)  with a secondary listing in Australia through Chess Depositary Interests. The Group benefits from a BBB+ rating from Standard & Poor’s and from a Baa2 rating from Moody’s.For more information  please visit www.urw.comAttachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.03,0.96,0.0,True,English,"['Combined General Meeting', 'explanatory documentation', 'Availability', 'April', 'Journal Spécial des Sociétés', 'sustainable, high-quality real estate assets', 'Palais des Congrès', 'Annonces Légales Obligatoires', 'avis de réunion', 'iconic Westfield brand', 'urban regeneration projects', 'industry-leading sustainability standards', 'Better Places plan', 'positive environmental, social', 'Chess Depositary Interests', 'legal notices newspaper', '€3.5 Bn development pipeline', 'xi €50 Bn portfolio', 'Combined General Meeting', 'This General Meeting', 'brochure de convocation', 'mixed-use assets', 'high-quality offices', 'applicable legal', 'mixed-use development', 'Press release', 'explanatory documentation', 'Porte Maillot', 'Investors/General Meetings', 'regulatory conditions', 'Meriem Delfi', 'Juliette Aulagnon', 'Imane Rafiky', 'United States', '900 million visits', 'unique platform', 'exhibition venues', 'committed partner', 'economic impact', 'stapled shares', 'secondary listing', 'BBB+ rating', 'Standard & Poor', 'Baa2 rating', 'formal notice', 'convening notice', 'dynamic cities', 'The Group', 'major cities', '67 shopping centres', 'Media Relations', 'Unibail-Rodamco-Westfield SE', 'Paris time', 'Euronext Paris', 'Tuesday April', 'Cornelia Schnepf', 'Etienne Dubanchet', 'Investor Relations', '75017 Paris', 'Availability', 'shareholders', 'salle', 'Bordeaux', 'France', 'webcast', 'replay', 'Company', 'website', 'urw', 'section', 'French', 'March', 'BALO', 'Bulletin', 'information', 'UK', 'Global', 'Finelk', 'PLEAD', 'owner', 'developer', 'operator', 'Europe', '11 countries', 'retailers', 'brands', 'consumers', '10 convention', 'services', 'December', 'retrofitting', 'buildings', 'commitments', 'communities', 'Ticker', 'Australia', 'Moody', 'Attachment', '10:30']",2025-04-07,2025-04-08,globenewswire.com
49953,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/04/07/3057006/0/en/Coface-SA-Disclosure-of-trading-in-own-shares-excluding-the-liquidity-agreement-made-on-March-31-to-April-4-2025.html,Coface SA: Disclosure of trading in own shares (excluding the liquidity agreement) made on March 31 to April 4  2025,COFACE SA: Disclosure of trading in own shares (excluding the liquidity agreement) made on March 31 to April 4  2025    Paris  April 7  2025 – 17.45    ...,COFACE SA: Disclosure of trading in own shares (excluding the liquidity agreement) made on March 31 to April 4  2025Paris  April 7  2025 – 17.45Pursuant to Regulation (EU) No 596/2014 of 16 April 2014 on market abuse1The main features of the 2024-2025 Share Buyback Program have been published on the Company’s website (http://www.coface.com/Investors/Disclosure-requirements  under “Own share transactions”) and are also described in the 2024 Universal Registration Document.Trading sessionof (Date) Numberof shares Weightedaverage price Gross amount MIC Code Purposeof buyback 31/03/2025 9 000 17.6117 € 158 506 € XPAR LTIP 01/04/2025 9 000 17.7483 € 159 735 € XPAR LTIP 02/04/2025 9 000 17.7345 € 159 611 € XPAR LTIP 03/04/2025 11 000 17.4200 € 191 620 € XPAR LTIP 04/04/2025 15 000 16.6060 € 249 090 € XPAR LTIP Total 31/03/2025 - 04/04/2025 53 000 17.3313 € 918 561 € LTIPCONTACTSANALYSTS / INVESTORSThomas JACQUET: +33 1 49 02 12 58 – thomas.jacquet@coface.comRina ANDRIAMIADANTSOA: +33 1 49 02 15 85 – rina.andriamiadantsoa@coface.comFINANCIAL CALENDAR 2025(subject to change)Q1-2025 results: 5 May 2025 (after market close)Annual General Shareholders’ Meeting: 14 May 2025H1-2025 results: 31 July 2025 (after market close)9M-2025 results: 3 November 2025 (after market close)FINANCIAL INFORMATIONThis press release  as well as COFACE SA’s integral regulatory information  can be found on the Group’s website: http://www.coface.com/InvestorsFor regulated information on Alternative Performance Measures (APM)  please refer to our Interim Financial Report for H1-2024 and our 2024 Universal Registration Document (see part 3.7 “Key financial performance indicators”).Regulated documents posted by COFACE SA have been secured and authenticated with the blockchain technology by Wiztrust.You can check the authenticity on the website www.wiztrust.com.COFACE: FOR TRADEAs a global leading player in trade credit risk management for more than 75 years  Coface helps companies grow and navigate in an uncertain and volatile environment.Whatever their size  location or sector  Coface provides 100 000 clients across some 200 markets. with a full range of solutions: Trade Credit Insurance  Business Information  Debt Collection  Single Risk insurance  Surety Bonds  Factoring.Every day  Coface leverages its unique expertise and cutting-edge technology to make trade happen  in both domestic and export markets.In 2024  Coface employed ~5 236 people and registered a turnover of €1.84 billion.www.coface.comCOFACE SA is listed in Compartment A of Euronext ParisISIN: FR0010667147 / Ticker: COFA1 Also in pursuant to Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2016/1052 of 8 March 2016 (and updates); Article L.225-209 and seq. of the French Commercial Code; Article L.221-3  Article L.241-1 and seq. of the General Regulation of the French Market Authority (AMF); AMF Recommendation DOC-2017-04 Guide for issuers on their own shares transactions and for stabilization measures.Attachment,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,negative,0.0,0.2,0.8,True,English,"['Coface SA', 'liquidity agreement', 'Disclosure', 'trading', 'shares', 'March', 'April', 'average price Gross amount', 'Annual General Shareholders’ Meeting', 'Key financial performance indicators', '2024-2025 Share Buyback Program', 'trade credit risk management', 'Single Risk insurance', 'Own share transactions', '2024 Universal Registration Document', 'MIC Code Purpose', 'Alternative Performance Measures', 'global leading player', 'Trade Credit Insurance', 'French Commercial Code', 'Interim Financial Report', 'integral regulatory information', 'Commission Delegated Regulation', 'French Market Authority', 'XPAR LTIP Total', 'FINANCIAL INFORMATION', 'General Regulation', 'FINANCIAL CALENDAR', 'FOR TRADE', 'stabilization measures', 'regulated information', 'Business Information', 'liquidity agreement', 'main features', 'Date) Number', 'Q1-2025 results', 'H1-2025 results', '9M-2025 results', 'press release', 'Regulated documents', 'blockchain technology', 'volatile environment', 'full range', 'Debt Collection', 'Surety Bonds', 'unique expertise', 'cutting-edge technology', 'shares transactions', 'market abuse1', 'Trading session', 'export markets', 'Euronext Paris', 'AMF Recommendation', 'Article L.', 'COFACE SA', 'Thomas JACQUET', 'Rina ANDRIAMIADANTSOA', '200 markets', 'Disclosure', 'March', 'April', 'Company', 'website', 'CONTACTS', 'ANALYSTS', 'INVESTORS', '14 May', 'Group', 'APM', 'part', 'Wiztrust', 'authenticity', '75 years', 'companies', 'uncertain', 'size', 'location', 'sector', '100,000 clients', 'solutions', 'Factoring', 'domestic', '~5,236 people', 'turnover', 'ISIN', 'Ticker', 'updates', 'Guide', 'issuers', 'Attachment', '04', '49 02']",2025-04-07,2025-04-08,globenewswire.com
49954,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/04/07/3056693/0/en/Heineken-unveils-a-phone-case-that-flips-your-phone-over-when-it-hears-Cheers.html,Heineken® unveils a phone case that flips your phone over when it hears “Cheers’’!,Ever had a night out and everyone has just sat scrolling on their social media? Global beer brand Heineken® has found an ingenious solution‘The...,"Ever had a night out and everyone has just sat scrolling on their social media? Global beer brand Heineken ® has found an ingenious solutionhas found an ingenious solution ‘The Flipper’ phone case is a world-first prototype that flips your phone face down so you don’t get distracted by socials when you’re out socializingInventor Simone Giertz collaborated with Heineken® to road-test the device in her own humorous wayA Media Snippet accompanying this announcement is available by clicking on this link.AMSTERDAM  April 07  2025 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Heineken® has created a prototype phone case that helps with a very modern problem: everyone being at the bar scrolling through their social media rather than talking to each other.‘The Flipper’ quite literally flips your phone face down when it senses people are out having a good time through clever voice detection technology. The idea being that instead of being distracted by a barrage of notifications  people get #SocialOffSocials.The witty device uses an AI-trained listening tool connected to a robotic arm to flip the phone nestled inside it when it senses the word ‘cheers’ - a universal sign you’re out having a good time in person.The global beer brand launches the creation in a bid to demonstrate the issue of ‘Phubbing’ - being distracted by social media and snubbing the people you’re with. In fact  a recent study* showed that up to 47% of adults are ‘phubbers’  glued to their smartphones.To promote the message of getting #SocialOffSocials  Heineken® recruited Swedish inventor and robotics enthusiast Simone Giertz to test The Flipper in her own idiosyncratic and humorous way.Simone Giertz said: “I’m trying to spend less time on my phone and more time socializing and so far my strategy has been ‘be really hard on myself’. But that evidently doesn't work very well. So I love ‘The Flipper’ – it's just a clever solution and a good reminder for me to not get distracted by social media when I'm trying to socialize.”Nabil Nasser  Global Head of Heineken®  said: “Smartphones and their array of social media apps are essential in our everyday lives  but the habit of scrolling through socials rather than having a good time in person is affecting the quality of our face-to-face interactions.“Bars are some of the best places to socialise and make new connections  and we thought ‘The Flipper’ is a fun way to encourage people to flip off their socials and demonstrate why being present with those around you is so important.”‘The Flipper’ isn’t the first device Heineken® has created in its bid to tackle digital overload. Last year  the beer brand launched ‘The Boring Phone’ - a stylish phone that comes without all the features that make the modern smartphone so distracting. The devices became a sellout success  proving that social lives are more enriching when there’s less on your phone. In fact  they were so popular that Heineken® later launched ‘The Boring Mode’ - a way of turning any smartphone into a Boring Phone.Heineken® also created ‘The Closer’  a high tech bottle opener that offered a funny response to our ‘always-on’ culture. When people used it to open a bottle of Heineken®  the bottle opener immediately shut down work applications - leaving you free to enjoy a beer without any annoying emails and notifications.The ironic yet iconic Flipper is a prototype  but even those who can't get their hands on one are encouraged to flip their phones the old fashioned way and avoid digital distractions. Cheers! #SocialOffSocials.You can find out more about ‘The Flipper’ here.Notes to editors:Contact: heineken@wearetheromans.com*Study in the National Library of Medicine by Ora Peleg; Meyran Boniel-Nissim; ‘ Exploring the personality and relationship factors that mediate the connection between differentiation of self and phubbing ’About Heineken®HEINEKEN® is the world's most international brewer. It is the leading developer and marketer of premium beer and cider brands. Led by the Heineken® brand  the Group has a portfolio of more than 300 international  regional  local and specialty beers and ciders. We are committed to innovation  long-term brand investment  disciplined sales execution and focused cost management. Through ""Brewing a Better World""  sustainability is embedded in the business. HEINEKEN® has a well-balanced geographic footprint with leadership positions in both developed and developing markets. We employ over 85 000 employees and operate breweries  malteries  cider plants and other production facilities in more than 70 countries. Heineken® N.V. and Heineken® Holding N.V. shares trade on the Euronext in Amsterdam. Prices for the ordinary shares may be accessed on Bloomberg under the symbols HEIA NA and HEIO NA and on Reuters under HEIN.AS and HEIO.AS. HEINEKEN® has two sponsored level 1 American Depositary Receipt (ADR) programmes: Heineken® N.V. (OTCQX: HEINY) and Heineken® Holding N.V. (OTCQX: HKHHY)A photo accompanying this announcement is available at https://www.globenewswire.com/NewsRoom/AttachmentNg/630ae524-3d44-4488-a367-8d2111bf3379",neutral,0.37,0.63,0.0,mixed,0.53,0.17,0.3,True,English,"['phone case', 'Heineken®', 'Cheers', 'two sponsored level 1 American Depositary Receipt', 'clever voice detection technology', 'high tech bottle opener', 'Heineken® Holding N.V.', 'The Flipper’ phone case', 'AI-trained listening tool', 'other production facilities', 'long-term brand investment', 'Heineken® N.V.', 'A Media Snippet', 'The Boring Mode', 'social media apps', 'Global beer brand', 'prototype phone case', 'Inventor Simone Giertz', 'The Boring Phone', 'clever solution', 'Global Head', 'Swedish inventor', 'The Closer', 'iconic Flipper', 'premium beer', 'Heineken® brand', 'social lives', 'ingenious solution', 'world-first prototype', 'GLOBE NEWSWIRE', 'modern problem', 'robotic arm', 'universal sign', 'robotics enthusiast', 'good reminder', 'Nabil Nasser', 'everyday lives', 'face interactions', 'best places', 'new connections', 'digital overload', 'sellout success', 'funny response', 'work applications', 'annoying emails', 'ironic yet', 'old fashioned', 'digital distractions', 'National Library', 'Ora Peleg', 'Meyran Boniel-Nissim', 'relationship factors', 'international brewer', 'leading developer', 'cider brands', 'regional, local', 'specialty beers', 'sales execution', 'cost management', 'geographic footprint', 'leadership positions', 'developing markets', 'cider plants', 'ordinary shares', 'HEIA NA', 'HEIO NA', 'HEIN.AS', 'HEIO.AS.', 'ADR) programmes', 'stylish phone', 'good time', 'less time', 'humorous way', 'fun way', 'witty device', 'first device', 'recent study', 'modern smartphone', 'Better World', 'Heineken ®', 'night', 'everyone', 'socials', 'announcement', 'link', 'AMSTERDAM', 'April', 'people', 'idea', 'barrage', 'notifications', 'word', 'cheers', 'person', 'creation', 'bid', 'issue', 'Phubbing', 'adults', 'phubbers', 'smartphones', 'message', 'idiosyncratic', 'strategy', 'array', 'habit', 'quality', 'Bars', 'features', 'devices', 'culture', 'hands', 'Notes', 'editors', 'Contact', 'wearetheromans', 'Medicine', 'differentiation', 'self', 'marketer', 'Group', 'portfolio', 'ciders', 'innovation', 'focused', 'sustainability', 'business', 'developed', '85,000 employees', 'breweries', 'malteries', '70 countries', 'trade', 'Euronext', 'Prices', 'Bloomberg', 'symbols', 'Reuters', 'OTCQX', 'HEINY', 'HKHHY', 'photo', 'globenewswire', 'NewsRoom/AttachmentNg']",2025-04-07,2025-04-08,globenewswire.com
49955,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.etfdailynews.com/2025/04/07/franklin-resources-inc-has-21-90-million-holdings-in-public-storage-nysepsa/,Franklin Resources Inc. Has $21.90 Million Holdings in Public Storage (NYSE:PSA),Franklin Resources Inc. decreased its position in Public Storage (NYSE:PSA – Free Report) by 6.4% during the 4th quarter  according to its most recent filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The firm owned 73 132 shares of the real estate in…,Franklin Resources Inc. decreased its position in Public Storage (NYSE:PSA – Free Report) by 6.4% during the 4th quarter  according to its most recent filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The firm owned 73 132 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock after selling 5 026 shares during the quarter. Franklin Resources Inc.’s holdings in Public Storage were worth $21 899 000 at the end of the most recent reporting period.A number of other institutional investors also recently modified their holdings of the company. Quent Capital LLC grew its position in Public Storage by 135.1% in the fourth quarter. Quent Capital LLC now owns 87 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock valued at $26 000 after purchasing an additional 50 shares in the last quarter. Synergy Asset Management LLC bought a new position in shares of Public Storage in the 4th quarter valued at about $38 000. Millstone Evans Group LLC bought a new position in shares of Public Storage in the 4th quarter valued at about $38 000. Toth Financial Advisory Corp raised its holdings in Public Storage by 48.2% during the fourth quarter. Toth Financial Advisory Corp now owns 203 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock worth $61 000 after acquiring an additional 66 shares in the last quarter. Finally  Parkworth Wealth Management Inc. acquired a new position in Public Storage during the fourth quarter valued at approximately $67 000. 78.79% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors.Get Public Storage alerts:Public Storage Trading Down 3.6 %Shares of PSA stock opened at $284.00 on Monday. Public Storage has a 12-month low of $256.31 and a 12-month high of $369.99. The company has a market capitalization of $49.82 billion  a PE ratio of 29.49  a price-to-earnings-growth ratio of 4.91 and a beta of 0.76. The firm has a 50 day moving average price of $300.05 and a two-hundred day moving average price of $317.46. The company has a quick ratio of 0.97  a current ratio of 0.97 and a debt-to-equity ratio of 1.77.Public Storage Announces DividendAnalyst Upgrades and DowngradesThe company also recently declared a quarterly dividend  which was paid on Friday  March 28th. Investors of record on Thursday  March 13th were paid a $3.00 dividend. The ex-dividend date of this dividend was Thursday  March 13th. This represents a $12.00 annualized dividend and a yield of 4.23%. Public Storage’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is presently 112.89%.Several research analysts have weighed in on PSA shares. Royal Bank of Canada lowered their price target on Public Storage from $342.00 to $329.00 and set a “sector perform” rating on the stock in a research report on Wednesday  February 26th. Truist Financial lowered their target price on shares of Public Storage from $316.00 to $310.00 and set a “hold” rating on the stock in a report on Tuesday  March 18th. Barclays reissued an “overweight” rating and issued a $354.00 price objective (down previously from $361.00) on shares of Public Storage in a research report on Wednesday  March 12th. Scotiabank dropped their target price on shares of Public Storage from $338.00 to $333.00 and set a “sector perform” rating on the stock in a report on Wednesday  March 5th. Finally  Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft upgraded Public Storage from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating and lifted their price target for the stock from $298.00 to $299.00 in a report on Friday  January 10th. Seven research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating  four have issued a buy rating and one has assigned a strong buy rating to the company’s stock. According to MarketBeat.com  the company currently has a consensus rating of “Moderate Buy” and an average price target of $338.73.View Our Latest Stock Analysis on Public StoragePublic Storage Profile(Free Report)Public Storage  a member of the S&P 500 and FT Global 500  is a REIT that primarily acquires  develops  owns  and operates self-storage facilities. At December 31  2023  we had: (i) interests in 3 044 self-storage facilities located in 40 states with approximately 218 million net rentable square feet in the United States and (ii) a 35% common equity interest in Shurgard Self Storage Limited (Euronext Brussels: SHUR)  which owned 275 self-storage facilities located in seven Western European nations with approximately 15 million net rentable square feet operated under the Shurgard brand.Featured ArticlesReceive News & Ratings for Public Storage Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Public Storage and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,True,English,"['Franklin Resources Inc.', '$21.90 Million Holdings', 'Public Storage', 'NYSE', 'PSA', '218 million net rentable square feet', '15 million net rentable square feet', 'two-hundred day moving average price', 'real estate investment trust', '50 day moving average price', 'Synergy Asset Management LLC', 'Millstone Evans Group LLC', 'seven Western European nations', 'Toth Financial Advisory Corp', 'Parkworth Wealth Management Inc.', 'Shurgard Self Storage Limited', 'FREE daily email newsletter', 'Quent Capital LLC', 'Franklin Resources Inc.', 'concise daily summary', 'average price target', 'recent reporting period', 'Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft', '35% common equity interest', 'Seven research analysts', 'sector perform” rating', 'Public Storage Daily', 'Several research analysts', 'strong buy rating', 'Public Storage alerts', 'Public Storage Trading', 'Public Storage Announces', 'Public Storage Profile', 'other institutional investors', 'dividend payout ratio', 'Latest Stock Analysis', 'Truist Financial', 'Shurgard brand', 'email address', 'target price', '$354.00 price objective', 'equity ratio', 'recent filing', 'Royal Bank', 'Moderate Buy', 'hold” rating', 'overweight” rating', 'sell” rating', 'hold rating', 'consensus rating', 'Free Report', 'PE ratio', 'earnings-growth ratio', 'quick ratio', 'current ratio', 'research report', 'Exchange Commission', 'market capitalization', 'Analyst Upgrades', 'ex-dividend date', 'MarketBeat.com', 'S&P 500', 'FT Global 500', 'self-storage facilities', 'Euronext Brussels', 'Featured Articles', 'latest news', 'related companies', '4th quarter', 'fourth quarter', 'last quarter', 'quarterly dividend', '$12.00 annualized dividend', 'new position', '12-month low', 'United States', 'additional 50 shares', 'additional 66 shares', 'PSA stock', 'PSA shares', '$3.00 dividend', '40 states', '73,132 shares', '5,026 shares', '87 shares', '203 shares', 'NYSE', 'Securities', 'firm', 'holdings', 'number', 'company', 'Monday', 'beta', 'debt', 'Downgrades', 'Friday', 'March', 'record', 'Thursday', 'yield', 'DPR', 'Canada', 'Wednesday', 'February', 'Tuesday', 'Barclays', 'Scotiabank', 'January', 'member', 'REIT', 'December', 'interests', 'Ratings']",2025-04-07,2025-04-08,etfdailynews.com
49956,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.irishtimes.com/business/2025/04/07/european-shares-plunge-as-markets-choke-on-trumps-tariffs-medicine/,European shares plunge as markets choke on Trump’s tariffs ‘medicine’,Iseq index down around 4% by noon as shares banks  food groups and homebuilders drop,French and German stocks plunged as the US president refused to back down on sweeping tariffs. Photograph: Xavier Galiana/AFP via Getty ImagesThe stock market rout in reaction to Donald Trump’s imposition on tariffs with trading partner around the globe continued into Monday  with markets in Europe and Asia continuing to slide.Euronext Dublin and other European stock exchanges were a sea of red as investors pulled money out of risk-sensitive assets after Mr Trump and his officials showed no signs of backing down on controversial measures announced last week.Returning from a weekend golf trip on Sunday evening  Mr Trump said markets would have to take their “medicine”.“We have large Financial Deficits with China  the European Union  and many others ” he wrote on Truth Social. “The only way this problem can be cured is with TARIFFS  which are now bringing Tens of Billions of Dollars into the U.S.A. They are already in effect  and a beautiful thing to behold.”READ MOREIn Dublin  the Iseq All Share Index shed just over 4 per cent while Europe’s STOXX 600 closed at its lowest since January  2024. In London  the blue-chip FTSE 100 index dropped 4.4 per cent  its weakest closing level in over a year.More broadly  equities fell heavily while haven currencies rose and bond yields declined.Shortly before the closing bell in Europe  Mr Trump threatened to impose an additional 50 per cent tariff on China unless Beijing withdraws a 34 per cent retaliatory duty on US goods.He also vowed to abandon talks with China  indicating he is in no mood to back down in his trade conflict despite the huge sell-off in stock markets. In the event  officials in Washington said no talks were ongoing or scheduled.Mr Trump said that negotiations with other countries would start immediately. He held a call with Japan’s prime minister Shigeru Ishiba on the issue  while European Commission president Ursula von der Leyen said the bloc is ready to negotiate with the US on tariffs.Monday’s heavy falls came as Goldman Sachs raised the probability of a US recession from 35 per cent to 45 per cent in the wake of “a sharp tightening in financial conditions”.It followed the havoc of Thursday and Friday when more than $5 trillion was erased from the S&P 500  capping the worst week for the index since the onset of the coronavirus pandemic in 2020.Mr Trump took to social media on Monday to call on the US Federal Reserve to cut interest rates. “The slow moving Fed should cut rates ” he said.The market turmoil followed what the US president dubbed “liberation day” last week when he imposed duties of more than 40 per cent on some of America’s biggest trading partners  quickly prompting China to announce its retaliatory duties.European trade ministers  including Tánaiste Simon Harris  met in Luxembourg on Monday to discuss the bloc’s response  which is considered likely to include additional tariffs on US goods imports to the EU.The tit-for-tat moves have raised the spectre of a lengthy global trade war between the world’s largest trading blocs that could severely hamper growth  sparking a global recession.Oil prices slid 2 per cent to a nearly four-year low on Monday. The session was marked by extreme volatility with intraday prices down more than $3 a barrel overnight and up over $1 on Monday morning on reports the White House called “fake news” that Trump was considering a 90-day pause on tariffs for all countries except China.During Asia’s earlier trading session  a closely-watched gauge of Chinese shares listed in Hong Kong tumbled about 14 per cent  putting it into a bear market. Hong Kong’s Hang Seng index had its worst day since 1997.China’s retaliation against Mr Trump’s sweeping tariffs is forcing investors to confront the reality that a much-feared trade conflict has entered a new phase.Beijing has tried to limit the damage: officials are discussing front-loading potential stimulus to offset the impact of tariffs and a state-backed fund said it had increased its investments in exchange-traded funds to stabilise the market – but so far  investors are focusing on the potential for economic disaster. – Additional reporting: Bloomberg  Financial Times,neutral,0.02,0.79,0.19,mixed,0.08,0.2,0.71,True,English,"['European shares', 'markets', 'Trump', 'tariffs', 'medicine', 'Ursula von der Leyen', 'Tánaiste Simon Harris', 'Iseq All Share Index', 'lengthy global trade war', 'other European stock exchanges', '34 per cent retaliatory duty', 'additional 50 per cent tariff', 'weekend golf trip', 'slow moving Fed', 'blue-chip FTSE 100 index', 'biggest trading partners', 'European trade ministers', 'largest trading blocs', 'Hang Seng index', 'U.S.A.', 'weakest closing level', 'large Financial Deficits', 'European Commission president', 'US Federal Reserve', 'front-loading potential stimulus', 'earlier trading session', 'US goods imports', '35 per cent', '45 per cent', '40 per cent', '14 per cent', 'European Union', 'global recession', 'trade conflict', 'Additional reporting', 'closing bell', 'other countries', 'S&P 500', 'retaliatory duties', 'US president', 'stock market', 'financial conditions', 'Financial Times', 'US recession', 'additional tariffs', 'German stocks', 'Xavier Galiana/AFP', 'Getty Images', 'risk-sensitive assets', 'controversial measures', 'Sunday evening', 'many others', 'Truth Social', 'beautiful thing', 'READ MORE', 'haven currencies', 'bond yields', 'huge sell-off', 'prime minister', 'Shigeru Ishiba', 'heavy falls', 'Goldman Sachs', 'sharp tightening', 'worst week', 'coronavirus pandemic', 'social media', 'tat moves', 'Oil prices', 'four-year low', 'extreme volatility', 'intraday prices', 'White House', '90-day pause', 'Chinese shares', 'Hong Kong', 'worst day', 'new phase', 'state-backed fund', 'exchange-traded funds', 'economic disaster', 'Donald Trump', 'Mr Trump', 'market turmoil', 'bear market', 'Euronext Dublin', 'interest rates', 'sweeping tariffs', 'Monday morning', 'markets', 'French', 'Photograph', 'reaction', 'imposition', 'globe', 'Asia', 'sea', 'red', 'investors', 'money', 'officials', 'signs', 'medicine', 'China', 'problem', 'Tens', 'Billions', 'Dollars', 'effect', 'STOXX', 'January', 'London', 'equities', 'Beijing', 'talks', 'mood', 'event', 'Washington', 'negotiations', 'call', 'Japan', 'issue', 'probability', 'wake', 'havoc', 'Thursday', 'Friday', 'onset', 'America', 'Luxembourg', 'response', 'spectre', 'world', 'growth', 'reports', 'gauge', 'retaliation', 'reality', 'damage', 'impact', 'investments', 'Bloomberg']",2025-04-07,2025-04-08,irishtimes.com
49957,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.nbcwashington.com/news/business/money-report/trump-tariffs-push-major-u-s-trade-partners-closer-to-china-live-updates/3886421/,Trump trade fight: Customs starts collecting new tariffs on imports from 86 countries at midnight,President Donald Trump’s tariffs force Europe to seek closer ties with China  while at home  GOP donors and business groups make their opposition public.,"This is CNBC's live coverage of how the White House  U.S. trade partners and employers are responding to President Donald Trump's historic tariffs.What you need to knowPresident Donald Trump's tariffs will go into effect at midnight tonight  including an expected 104% tariff on China.U.S. Customs and Border Protection says it is prepared to begin collecting country-specific tariffs from 86 U.S. trade partners starting at 12:01 a.m. ET.U.S. markets sold off sharply this afternoon  heading into the midnight tariff deadline.Tesla CEO Elon Musk is escalating his attacks on top Trump trade advisor Peter Navarro.The president says China ""wants to make a deal  badly  but they don't know how to get it started.""Former Commerce Secretary Carlos Gutierrez says the U.S. and China are in a full blown trade war.Newly confirmed U.S. Trade Representative Jamieson Greer  testified before the Senate Finance Committee at a hearing on the president's 2025 trade policy agenda.European Commission President Ursula von der Leyen says the EU is willing to negotiate with the U.S. on tariffs  yet is also preparing to retaliate.Two billionaire Trump backers  Ken Langone and Ken Griffin  are furious about the tariffs.We've got the news you need to know to start your day. Sign up for the First & 4Most morning newsletter — delivered to your inbox daily. Sign up here.CNBC's reporters are covering the tariffs and their effects  live on air and online from our bureaus in Washington; London; Singapore; San Francisco; and Englewood Cliffs  New Jersey.Trump says U.S. doing 'very well' in making 'tailored' tariff dealsTrump says the U.S. is ""doing very well"" in early negotiations with other countries who are set to soon face steep tariffs on their imports.""I call them tailored deals  not off the rack "" Trump said at an executive order signing event at the White House.""These are tailored  highly tailored deals "" he said.Trump said representatives from Japan and South Korea will be flying to the U.S. ""to make a deal.""At that rate  none of the 86 countries set to face new  so-called reciprocal tariffs will be able to head off the new duties before they take effect at 12:01 a.m. ET Wednesday.— Kevin BreuningerCanada confirms plans to implement retaliatory 25% auto tariffsGeoff Robins | Afp | Getty ImagesCanada reconfirmed plans to implement 25% retaliatory tariffs on U.S.-made vehicles into Canada  saying the new levies will go into effect at 12:01 a.m. ET Wednesday.The response includes 25% tariffs on vehicles from the U.S. that are not compliant with the United States-Mexico-Canada Agreement  or USMCA  as well as non-Canadian and non-Mexican content of USMCA-compliant fully assembled vehicles imported into Canada from the U.S.The latter part means that even if a vehicle made by General Motors  Ford Motor or Stellantis in the U.S. is compliant with USMCA  the parts that aren't from Canada and Mexico will be taxed.The traditional ""Detroit automakers"" are among the top-selling car companies in Canada  but the country's overall market is far smaller than the U.S.  at roughly 2 million light-duty vehicles in Canada compared with 16 million or so in the U.S.Canadian officials said ""a remission framework for auto producers that incentivizes production and investment in Canada  and helps maintain jobs in the country  will also be implemented.""Canada's retaliatory tariffs also do not include auto parts  which Trump expects to implement on non-U.S. components by May 3.— Michael Wayland'I don't think that's a thing': Analyst scoffs at making iPhones in U.S.Needham analyst Laura Martin cast doubt on Trump's belief that Apple can move its iPhone manufacturing to the U.S.""I don't think that's a thing "" Martin said on CNBC's ""The Exchange.""Martin was responding to White House Press Secretary Karoline Leavitt's suggestion that the company could move its production of the smartphone stateside. One analyst predicted that an iPhone would cost $3 500 if produced in the U.S.— Alex HarringMortgage rates climb up amid tariff uncertaintyBrandon Bell | Getty ImagesMortgage rates hit their highest level in more than a month amid continued uncertainty over the tariffs.The average 30-year fixed mortgage rate climbed 25 basis points over two days to 6.85%  according to Mortgage News Daily.The rates are now close to levels seen over the past six weeks  eliminating last week's declines for would-be homebuyers.— Diana Olick and Erin DohertyWhite House 'starting negotiations right now ' Emmer says after Bessent meetingKayla Bartkowski | Getty ImagesAbout 70 countries have reached out to the White House with ""inquiries"" about the tariffs  and they're ""starting the negotiations right now "" House Majority Whip Rep. Tom Emmer tells reporters after a meeting with Bessent.""The president would have liked to hold off longer  but they've had so many responses from not only our allies ... but even our adversaries  about trade that they're starting the negotiations right now "" Emmer  R-Minn. says  according to Punchbowl News.— Erin DohertyCBP to start collecting 'reciprocal' tariffs on 86 countries' imports starting 12:01 a.m.Alex Brandon | Afp | Getty ImagesU.S. Customs and Border Protection says it is prepared to begin enforcing Trump's so-called reciprocal tariffs on dozens of countries' imports once the new duties kick in after midnight Wednesday.CBP will be collecting ""an individualized reciprocal higher tariff from 11% to 50% for 86 countries with exclusions on April 9  2025  at 12:01 a.m. EDT "" the agency said in a statement.CBP also boasted that it has already collected more than $4.8 billion in tariffs on Chinese imports  more than $2 billion on Mexican imports and about $861 million on Canadian imports in response to Trump's prior executive orders.— Kevin BreuningerMortgage rates climb up amid tariff uncertaintyBrandon Bell | Getty ImagesMortgage rates hit their highest level in more than a month amid continued uncertainty over the tariffs.The average 30-year fixed mortgage rate climbed 25 basis points over two days to 6.85%  according to Mortgage News Daily.The rates are now close to levels seen over the past six weeks  eliminating last week's declines for would-be homebuyers.— Diana Olick and Erin DohertyTrump believes Apple can build iPhones in United StatesTrump believes that Apple can make iPhones in the United States  the White House said today  as the administration pushes Apple to move device production to U.S. shores in response to Trump's tariffs.""Absolutely  he believes we have the labor  we have the workforce  we have the resources to do it "" Leavitt said when asked if Trump envisions U.S. workers doing device production like screwing parts into iPhones.""As you know  Apple has invested $500 billion in the United States  so if Apple didn't think the the United States could do it  it wouldn't have put up that big chunk of change "" she said.Apple declined to comment on Leavitt's statement.Apple does the majority of its manufacturing in China — which will receive a 104% tariff on Wednesday — and has secondary production in Vietnam  India  and other countries which are also in line to receive new import duties.Analysts believe that made-in-USA iPhones would be too expensive to be commercially competitive.— Kif LeswingStocks erase early gains as tariff rebound rally fizzles outBrendan McDermid | ReutersStock indexes gave up much of their early gains  as a market rebound appeared to lose steam in midday trading.The Dow Jones Industrial Average  which roared nearly 4% higher when markets opened  was up about 0.7% at 2 p.m. ET.The S&P 500 and the Nasdaq dipped into negative territory in the early afternoon  erasing all gains from their own relief rallies.The volatile session followed a multi-day stock plunge spurred by Trump's announcement of sweeping new tariffs on nearly every country on earth.— Kevin Breuninger'Boys will be boys': White House downplays Musk-Navarro feudJulia Nikhinson | Nathan Howard | ReutersWhite House press secretary Karoline Leavitt minimized an increasingly hostile public feud between Elon Musk and trade advisor Peter Navarro.""Look  these are obviously two individuals who have very different views on trade and on tariffs "" Leavitt told reporters at a briefing when asked about the spat between the Trump administration colleagues.""Boys will be boys  and we will let their public sparring continue "" she said.— Kevin BreuningerChina 104% tariffs going into effect at 12:01 a.m.  White House confirmsNelson Ching | Bloomberg | Getty ImagesThe U.S. tariff rate on Chinese imports will shoot up to 104% at 12:01 a.m. ET on Wednesday  a White House official confirmed to CNBC.Trump on Monday had threatened to raise existing tariffs on China by 50% on Wednesday unless Beijing dropped its retaliatory duties on U.S. goods by Tuesday.That same day  Trump said he specified that China faced a deadline of ""12 o'clock"" to remove its tariffs.Beijing vowed that it would not scrap its 34% retaliatory tariffs.— Kevin BreuningerGOP Sen. Tillis 'skeptical' about Trump tariffsKevin Mohatt | ReutersRepublican Sen. Thom Tillis told Greer he is ""skeptical"" that Trump's tariff strategy will work and not alienate voters.The North Carolina lawmaker pressed Greer at a Senate Finance Committee hearing on who would be held responsible if the strategy fails.""Whose throat do I get to choke if this proves to be wrong?"" Tillis asked Greer.""I'm just trying to figure out if they're going to feel good about this "" Tillis said.""I wish you well  but I am skeptical "" Tillis said.— Erin DohertyMusk personally appealed to Trump to reverse tariffs: Washington PostCarlos Barria | ReutersElon Musk  the de facto head of government job-slashing team DOGE and a top advisor to Trump  personally appealed to the president to reverse his tariff plan over the weekend  The Washington Post reported.""The attempted intervention  confirmed by two people familiar with the matter who spoke on the condition of anonymity to discuss private talks  has not brought success so far "" the Post said.The report came as Musk continued a days-old feud with Trump's trade advisor Peter Navarro  who is an ardent supporter of the tariffs.""Navarro is truly a moron. What he says here is demonstrably false "" Musk wrote on X  his social media site.The report carried the bylines of four reporters  all of whom cover technology. One of the reporters  Faiz Siddiqui  covers X and Tesla  whose CEO is Musk.— Dan ManganHouse legislators introduce bipartisan bill to give Congress power over Trump tariffsElizabeth Frantz | ReutersA quartet of congressmen are introducing a bipartisan bill that would rein in Trump's tariff powers by giving Congress a final say over whether his duties can remain in effect.The House legislation  dubbed The Trade Review Act of 2025  requires Trump to give Congress 48 hours' notice before imposing or increasing tariffs  along with an explanation and an impact assessment.The duties will last only 60 days unless Congress passes a joint resolution to extend them  the bill says. The legislature also allows Congress to end a tariff early via joint resolution.The bill was introduced by Reps. Don Bacon  R-Neb.  Jeff Hurd  R-Colo.  Josh Gottheimer  D-N.J.  and Gregory Meeks  D-N.Y.It mirrors a Senate bill previously introduced by Sens. Chuck Grassley  R-Iowa  and Maria Cantwell  D-Wash.The Trump administration has said that the president will veto the bill if it reaches his desk.— Kevin BreuningerWyden: U.S. economy went from the 'envy of the world to a laughingstock'Bill Clark | Cq-roll Call  Inc. | Getty ImagesSen. Ron Wyden  Ore.  said Trump's tariffs have turned the U.S. economy ""from the envy of the world to a laughingstock in less time than it took to finish March Madness.""The top Democrat on the Senate Finance Committee said he doesn't ""see any strategy"" behind Trump's tariffs.It's ""classic Donald Trump "" Wyden said during a hearing with Greer.— Erin DohertySchumer says Musk v. Navarro feud is evidence of Trump's trade 'chaos'Demetrius Freeman | The Washington Post | Getty ImagesSenate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer cited the ongoing feud between Navarro and Musk as he argued for the president to ""immediately reverse his reckless trade war.""""The chaos within the Trump administration was shown a few minutes ago when Elon Musk called Peter Navarro  the chief architect of these tariffs  a moron "" Schumer  D-N.Y.  said on the Senate floor.""That's Musk's word. He called him a moron "" Schumer said. ""Their plan is so crazy  so controversial  that this administration cannot get its act together  with them calling names about each other  to — against one another  about this tariff plan.""""Donald Trump should immediately reverse his reckless trade war "" said Schumer. ""He should halt his tariff tax at once  and he should start focusing more on America's actual trade adversaries  like China  instead of picking a fight with the entire world and causing chaos and steering us towards a recession in the process.""— Dan ManganHassett: Trump fielding 'massive number' of requests to negotiate tariffsKent Nishimura | ReutersNational Economic Council Director Kevin Hassett said the Trump administration is ""managing a massive number of requests for negotiations"" from countries seeking to be spared from aggressive new U.S. tariffs.""It is challenging to go through them "" Hassett said in a Fox News interview.""There are so many to go through that we're actually getting ready to present a plan for [Trump] on who and when"" to speak with  Hassett said.— Kevin BreuningerYouTuber MrBeast says tariffs will make his chocolate bars cheaper to makeMike Lawrence | National Basketball Association | Getty ImagesJimmy Donaldson  also known as MrBeast on the internet  says the chocolate bars he sells through his company  Feastables  will be cheaper to make under Trump's new tariffs.""Ironically  because of all the new tariffs it is now way cheaper to make our chocolate bars we sell globally NOT in America because other countries don't have a 20%+ tariff on our cogs "" Donaldson posted.Donaldson is the most followed creator on YouTube  with more than 380 million subscribers.He founded the chocolate company in 2022 and has built it into a global brand. Chocolate from the company is produced in Peru and the United States and is sold in 20 countries.--Zach ValleseTaiwan foreign minister: 'We can negotiate with the United States at any time'Ann Wang | ReutersTaiwan Foreign Minister Lin Chia-lung said his nation is prepared to negotiate with the U.S. on tariffs and other trade issues.""Regarding the negotiation content  whether it is reducing tariffs or investment procurement  especially the non-tariff trade barriers that the U.S. is concerned about  we have prepared various plans "" Chia-lung told reporters.""As long as the negotiation time and method are confirmed  we can negotiate with the United States at any time "" he said.— Dan ManganWhy Walmart could be equipped to withstand tariffs and recession fearsCarlos Osorio | ReutersA growing part of Walmart's business could make it more resilient against tariffs and a possible recession.Walmart's membership program Walmart+ is growing — and the company says it is driving loyalty among customers. Subscribers accounted for nearly half of all spending on Walmart's website and app in its most recent fiscal year  the company told CNBC.That gives Walmart a few advantages if Trump's tariffs raise its input costs or trigger an economic downturn. As the memberships are highly profitable  they give Walmart room to keep prices of groceries and other staples low even if the company's expenses increase.Walmart+ is gaining ground at a good time for Walmart. The retailer gave a financial outlook that disappointed Wall Street in February — even before Trump announced the steep duties on key U.S. trade partners.— Jacob Pramuk and Melissa RepkoRand Paul: Trump's view of trade is a 'fallacy'Republican Sen. Rand Paul of Kentucky tore into the zero-sum view of trade that Trump has repeatedly espoused in defense of his sweeping tariff plans.""It's based on a fallacy"" that ""somehow  in a trade  someone must lose "" Paul said on CNBC's ""Squawk Box.""The idea that ""someone's taking advantage of you  and China is ripping you off or Japan is ripping you off — it's absolutely a fallacy "" he said.""Every trade that occurs in the marketplace is mutually beneficial "" said the like-minded son of the staunchly libertarian former congressman Ron Paul. ""If you have a free society and I want to trade with you  if you want to sell me your coat and I give you $200 for it  we both agree to it and we're both happy.""""The trade is always a win-win "" he said.— Kevin BreuningerRep. Ro Khanna: Trump's tariffs are 'self-destructive  wealth-destroying policies'California Rep. Ro Khanna says Trump's tariffs have been hitting his district in Silicon Valley hard  especially with delayed IPOs and mergers.""I'm hearing that these are some of the most self-destructive  wealth-destroying policies that any modern president has had "" Khanna said on CNBC's ""Squawk Box.""The Democrat said the tariffs have hurt not just the tech companies  but also the manufacturers.Khanna also singled out Commerce Secretary Howard Lutnick  calling Lutnick's claim that tariffs would lead to more iPhone production false.""I know Lutnick loves 19th-century policies  but he should understand 21st-century production "" Khanna said.Khanna's suggestion for Trump? ""Bring in new people on an economic team  assure the country you're never going to do blanket tariffs again  that was a mistake  and that you're going to look at things sector by sector.""– Laya NeelakandanLevi's CEO calls for clarity on tariffs  says any price hikes would be 'surgical'Andrew Kelly | ReutersBusinesses and consumers want certainty as Trump's steep tariffs loom  says Levi Strauss CEO Michelle Gass.""The number one thing that everybody's wrestling with right now  ourselves  the industry and most importantly  the consumer  everybody is wrestling with the uncertainty that's out there. We need some clarity "" she said on CNBC's ""Mad Money.""The denim retailer reported first-quarter results earlier today  and maintained its earnings and sales outlook for the year. Levi's did not include the effects of the new duties in its guidance.Any price hikes the company makes to offset the tariffs would be ""surgical "" she said on the company's earnings call.Levi's manufactures some of its products in countries like Cambodia and Vietnam  which will face 49% and 46% tariffs  respectively  under Trump's plan.— Jacob PramukElon Musk blasts Peter Navarro: 'Dumber than a sack of bricks'Tesla CEO Elon Musk is sharply escalating his attacks on top Trump trade advisor Peter Navarro as he defends his car company and chafes against the administration's tariff plans.""Tesla has the most American-made cars. Navarro is dumber than a sack of bricks "" Musk  Trump's top campaign donor  wrote on X  the social media platform he owns.""Navarro is truly a moron. What he says here is demonstrably false "" Musk wrote in another post.Musk was responding to Navarro's contention in a CNBC interview on Monday that Musk is not a car manufacturer but a car ""assembler"" whose vehicles are made of many parts sourced from overseas.Days earlier  Musk in a since-deleted X post said Navarro ""ain't built s---."" In a separate post  Musk questioned Navarro's credentials  writing  ""A PhD in Econ from Harvard is a bad thing  not a good thing.""Musk currently works for Trump as head of the White House DOGE initiative. As Trump commits to his staunchly protectionist agenda  Musk has recently signaled his support for free-trade policies.White House press secretary Karoline Leavitt shrugged off questions about Musk's attacks on his colleague.""Whatever "" Leavitt told CNBC's Eamon Javers. ""We are the most transparent administration in history expressing our disagreements in public.""— Kevin Breuninger and Eamon JaversCambodian factories are 'absolutely not' re-shoring to the U.S.  trade group saysBloomberg | Bloomberg | Getty ImagesCambodia is being hit with the biggest single nation tariff rate of all  at 49%.This has major implications for its factories  now in a fight to survive the next few months if the tariffs are implemented  as retail partners freeze orders.Its one million workers  many of whom are women at the low-end of the global income distribution pie  are facing financial ruin.But a U.S. trade group that represents retailers reliant on Cambodia says factories now based in Cambodia will ""absolutely not"" be coming back to the U.S.Instead  they will seek out alternative manufacturing locations in lower tariff regimes.Read the full story: Cambodia  hit with Trump's steepest tariffs  'absolutely not' sending factories back to U.S.  says trade group— Lori Ann LaRoccoTrump claims China 'wants to make a deal' but hasn't reached outAl Drago | Bloomberg | Getty ImagesTrump says China ""wants to make a deal"" as his deadline for steep new tariffs draws near  but adds that Beijing has not yet reached out to the United States.""They don't know how to get it started. We are waiting for their call. It will happen!"" Trump wrote on Truth Social.Trump also held what he described as a ""great call"" with South Korea's acting president  Han Duck-soo.""We have the confines and probability of a great DEAL for both countries.""— Kevin BreuningerChina is playing with 'losing hand' in tariff standoff  Bessent saysU.S. Treasury Secretary Scott Bessent says China is playing with a ""losing hand"" in the escalating tariff back-and-forth between the two countries.""I think it was a big mistake  this Chinese escalation  because they're playing with a pair of twos "" Bessent said on ""Squawk Box.""Other countries appear to be more willing to negotiate than China  he said.""If they come to the table with solid proposals  I think we can end up with some good deals "" he said  ""and part of the calculus of that may be that some part of the tariffs stay on.""Last night  members of the administration discussed which countries to prioritize for trade talks  he added.— Jesse PoundCitadel's Ken Griffin: Trump tariffs are a 'huge policy mistake'David Swanson | ReutersFounder and CEO of Citadel Ken Griffin is taking aim at Trump's tariffs  calling them a a ""huge policy mistake"" that will hurt middle-class Americans.""I am really afraid of us abdicating our role of leadership for the free world "" Griffin said at an event for the 100th anniversary of the University of Miami  per Bloomberg.""That's the path we're on "" the GOP donor adds.— Erin DohertyU.S. is ‘unrecognizable’ and resembles an emerging market  says Euronext CEOThibaud Moritz | Afp | Getty ImagesStephane Boujnah  CEO of Euronext  says the recent market selloff is not a sign of panic  but simply a rotation of assets.""Since this began  money is leaving the United States to be reinvested in Europe "" Boujnah said in an interview with France Inter radio today.Investors  he said  are struggling to navigate Trump's unpredictability  which is making the U.S. ""unrecognizable.""""We are mourning the United States that we knew … which was very similar in values and institutions to Europe "" he said. ""Now it looks more like an emerging country.""Euronext operates markets in various European cities  including Paris  Milan  Amsterdam  Brussels and Dublin.— Chloe TaylorFinnish minister urges zero U.S.-EU tariffsNicolas Tucat | Afp | Getty ImagesHistorical allies the U.S. and European Union should have zero tariffs between them  Finnish Foreign Minister Elina Valtonen urged amid the bloc's ongoing efforts to mitigate the impact of 20% White House duties it was slapped with last week.""Engaging in a global trade war is the surest way to achieve a global recession "" Valtonen she said during a press conference  in comments reported by Reuters. ""But of course the European Union now has to react to what the U.S. has put forward The EU has previously expressed willingness to take steps against Washington if negotiations fail  but it has yet to specify the nature and extent of these potential countermeasures.— Ruxandra IordacheTrump's schedule todayMandel Ngan | Afp | Getty ImagesTrump will sign energy-related Executive Orders this afternoon  and deliver a speech to House Republicans this evening  according to the White House schedule.3:00 p.m. Trump participates in an Unleashing American Energy Executive Order signing eventWhite House East Room6:45 p.m. Trump delivers remarks at the National Republican Congressional Committee dinnerThe National Building Museum— Christina WilkieU.S. markets set to open higher after three days of lossesSpencer Platt | Getty ImagesU.S. markets are poised to open higher this morning  after three days of steep losses.Overnight  the Dow Jones Industrial Average futures rebounded 747 points  or 2%. Futures tied to the S&P 500 were up 1.5%  while Nasdaq-100 futures gained about 1.3%.Asian markets also closed higher Tuesday  staunching a decline fueled by Trump's tariff rollout that has seen the biggest losses since the pandemic.— Sean ConlonChina  EU discuss potential trade diversion mechanismYves Herman | ReutersVon der Leyen and Chinese Premier Li Qiang held ""constructive"" talks today that touch on a possible mechanism for trade diversion in the wake of sweeping levies announced by the world's first economy.""In response to the widespread disruption caused by the US tariffs  President von der Leyen stressed the responsibility of Europe and China  as two of world's largest markets  to support a strong reformed trading system  free  fair and founded on a level playing field "" according to an EU readout  which added that von der Leyen called for a ""negotiated resolution to the current situation"" that avoids escalation.""The leaders discussed setting up a mechanism for tracking possible trade diversion and ensuring any developments are duly addressed "" the readout said.Speculation has been mounting whether Trump's protectionist agenda will push U.S. trade partners toward China in a bid to redress commercial relations.The conversation between the Beijing administration and the EU chief takes place after Washington last Wednesday slapped China and the EU with reciprocal tariffs of 34% and 20%  respectively. Beijing has already retaliated with its own 34% levies on the U.S.  which is now threatening further countermeasures.— Ruxandra IordacheU.S. Trade Representative to testify before Senate at 10 a.m.Stefani Reynolds | Bloomberg | Getty ImagesThe newly confirmed U.S. Trade Representative  Jamieson Greer  will testify before the Senate Finance Committee today at a hearing on ""The President’s 2025 Trade Policy Agenda.""Greer's testimony will offer the Senate one of its first opportunities to question a Trump administration official about the president's trade and tariff policy since Trump unveiled the sweeping new tariff regime.The hearing will begin at 10:00 a.m. ET  and CNBC.com will stream the hearing on our liveblog.— Christina WilkieSpain's PM to visit Beijing  Hanoi as Europe rethinks trade relationshipsXihao Jiang | ReutersSpanish Prime Minister Pedro Sanchez will visit China and Vietnam later this week  as Europe prepares to absorb the impacts of a new 20% tariff rate.Sanchez is scheduled to visit Hanoi on Wednesday  the same day the new Trump tariff rates go into effect. Then he will go to Beijing  according to his office.The visit underscores the pressure on EU bloc countries like Spain to reassess their trade relationships in the wake of Trump's tariffs.— Christina Wilkie",neutral,0.01,0.62,0.37,mixed,0.26,0.15,0.59,True,English,"['Trump trade fight', 'new tariffs', 'Customs', 'imports', '86 countries', 'midnight', 'House Majority Whip Rep. Tom Emmer', 'White House Press Secretary Karoline Leavitt', 'U.S. Trade Representative Jamieson Greer', 'Former Commerce Secretary Carlos Gutierrez', 'President Ursula von der Leyen', 'average 30-year fixed mortgage rate', 'Tesla CEO Elon Musk', 'executive order signing event', 'USMCA-compliant fully assembled vehicles', 'top Trump trade advisor', 'Two billionaire Trump backers', 'U.S. trade partners', 'Needham analyst Laura Martin', 'U.S.-made vehicles', ""tailored' tariff deals Trump"", '2025 trade policy agenda', 'Senate Finance Committee', '4Most morning newsletter', 'United States-Mexico-Canada Agreement', 'traditional ""Detroit automakers', 'selling car companies', '2 million light-duty vehicles', 'past six weeks', 'U.S. Customs', 'U.S. markets', 'U.S. components', 'Mortgage News Daily', 'President Donald Trump', 'midnight tariff deadline', 'retaliatory 25% auto tariffs', 'trade war', 'two days', 'Mortgage rates', 'tariff uncertainty', 'auto producers', 'One analyst', 'live coverage', 'Border Protection', 'Peter Navarro', 'full blown', 'European Commission', 'Ken Langone', 'Ken Griffin', 'San Francisco', 'Englewood Cliffs', 'New Jersey', 'South Korea', 'new duties', 'Kevin Breuninger', 'Geoff Robins', 'Getty Images', 'new levies', 'Mexican content', 'latter part', 'General Motors', 'Ford Motor', 'overall market', 'remission framework', 'Michael Wayland', 'The Exchange', 'smartphone stateside', 'Alex Harring', 'Brandon Bell', 'highest level', 'continued uncertainty', 'Diana Olick', 'Erin Doherty', 'Kayla Bartkowski', 'many responses', 'Punchbowl Ne', '25% retaliatory tariffs', 'auto parts', 'historic tariffs', 'country-specific tariffs', 'steep tariffs', 'reciprocal tariffs', 'Canadian officials', 'iPhone manufacturing', 'other countries', 'early negotiations', 'Bessent meeting', '104% tariff', '25% tariffs', '86 countries', '70 countries', 'CNBC', 'employers', 'effect', 'China', 'attacks', 'hearing', 'First', 'inbox', 'reporters', 'bureaus', 'Washington', 'London', 'Singapore', 'imports', 'rack', 'representatives', 'Japan', 'none', 'plans', 'Afp', 'Stellantis', 'production', 'investment', 'jobs', 'May', 'thing', 'iPhones', 'doubt', 'belief', 'Apple', 'suggestion', 'company', 'month', 'levels', 'declines', 'homebuyers', 'inquiries', 'allies', 'adversaries', 'R-Minn.', 'says', '12:01', '6.85']",2025-04-08,2025-04-08,nbcwashington.com
49958,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.rte.ie/news/business/2025/0408/1506434-us-starting-to-look-like-an-emerging-market-after-tariffs/,US starting to look like an emerging market after tariff shock  Euronext CEO says,The US is starting to resemble an emerging market more than a developed country  the head of pan-European stock exchange operator Euronext said today as financial markets remained volatile after the imposition of sweeping US tariffs.,"The US is starting to resemble an emerging market more than a developed country  the head of pan-European stock exchange operator Euronext said today as financial markets remained volatile after the imposition of sweeping US tariffs.""Fear exists all over "" Euronext CEO Stephane Boujnah told France Inter radio.""The country (US) is unrecognisable and we are living in a transition period. There is a certain form of mourning  because the United States that we had known for the most part as a dominant nation resembled the values and institutions of Europe and now resembles more an emerging market "" he said.Boujnah said investors had been forced to grapple with uncertainty since US President Donald Trump took office in January.""People have difficulty understanding the volatility of decisions that are made  so this worry is real  and it is a form of intimidation that diffuses in the system and is difficult to navigate "" he said.Global financial markets are rotating assets and are trying to adapt to a US that they do not recognise after Trump announced global tariffs on imports to the United States  Boujnah said.Trump has said the tariffs - a minimum of 10% for all US imports  with targeted rates of up to 50% - would help the United States recapture an industrial base that he says has withered over decades of trade liberalisation.Emerging markets often use tariffs to protect their industries while they try to develop.Boujnah said there was some good news in that oil prices and long-term rates were down  and that there were flows of money leaving the US to be re-invested in Europe.European shares rose in early trading on Tuesday from 14-month lows after four sessions of heavy selling in a row  although investors remained sensitive to tariff-related developments  a day after the European Commission proposed counter-tariffs of 25% on a range of US goods.",neutral,0.05,0.74,0.2,negative,0.0,0.24,0.76,True,English,"['emerging market', 'tariff shock', 'Euronext CEO', 'US', 'pan-European stock exchange operator', 'Euronext CEO Stephane Boujnah', 'US President Donald Trump', 'France Inter radio', 'Global financial markets', 'sweeping US tariffs', 'Emerging markets', 'global tariffs', 'The US', 'transition period', 'United States', 'most part', 'dominant nation', 'targeted rates', 'industrial base', 'trade liberalisation', 'good news', 'oil prices', 'long-term rates', 'European shares', 'early trading', '14-month lows', 'four sessions', 'heavy selling', 'tariff-related developments', 'European Commission', 'US goods', 'developed country', 'US imports', 'head', 'imposition', 'Fear', 'form', 'mourning', 'values', 'institutions', 'investors', 'uncertainty', 'office', 'January', 'People', 'difficulty', 'volatility', 'decisions', 'worry', 'intimidation', 'system', 'assets', 'minimum', 'decades', 'industries', 'flows', 'money', 'Tuesday', 'row', 'counter-tariffs', 'range']",2025-04-08,2025-04-08,rte.ie
49959,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.reuters.com/markets/us-is-starting-look-like-an-emerging-market-after-tariff-shock-euronext-ceo-says-2025-04-08/,US is starting to look like an emerging market after tariff shock  Euronext CEO says,The United States is starting to resemble an emerging market more than a developed country  the head of pan-European stock exchange operator Euronext said on Tuesday as financial markets remained volatile after the imposition of sweeping U.,The United States is starting to resemble an emerging market more than a developed country  the head of pan-European stock exchange operator Euronext said on Tuesday as financial markets remained volatile after the imposition of sweeping U.,neutral,0.06,0.68,0.26,neutral,0.03,0.96,0.01,True,English,"['emerging market', 'tariff shock', 'Euronext CEO', 'US', 'pan-European stock exchange operator', 'The United States', 'emerging market', 'developed country', 'financial markets', 'head', 'Euronext', 'Tuesday', 'imposition', 'U.']",2025-04-08,2025-04-08,reuters.com
