UID,Searchword,API,URL,Title,Summary,Article,Title_Sentiment,Title_Positive,Title_Neutral,Title_Negative,Article_Sentiment,Article_Positive,Article_Neutral,Article_Negative,Verified,Language,Topics,Date,Load_Date,Source
28988,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/08/12/2723963/0/en/Notice-to-Attend-the-Extraordinary-General-Meeting-in-Maha-Energy-ab-publ.html,Notice to Attend the Extraordinary General Meeting in Maha Energy ab (publ),The shareholders in Maha Energy AB (publ)  reg. no. 559018-9543  (the “Company”) are hereby given notice to attend the extraordinary general meeting on Monday 18 September 2023 at 11.00 CEST at Setterwalls Advokatbyrå’s offices at Sturegatan 10 in Stockholm  …,The shareholders in Maha Energy AB (publ)  reg. no. 559018-9543  (the “Company”) are hereby given notice to attend the extraordinary general meeting on Monday 18 September 2023 at 11.00 CEST at Setterwalls Advokatbyrå’s offices at Sturegatan 10 in Stockholm  Sweden. Registration for the meeting commences at 10.30 CEST.NoticeShareholders wishing to participate at the meeting must:(i) be entered in the shareholders’ register  kept by Euroclear Sweden AB (the Swedish Central Securities Depository & Clearing Organisation)  on the record day which is Friday 8 September 2023; and(ii) notify the Company of their attendance and any assistant no later than Tuesday 12 September 2023. Notification can be made via letter to Setterwalls Advokatbyrå AB  Attn: Hugo Lemaire Månsson  P.O. Box 1050  SE-101 39 Stockholm  Sweden or by e-mail to hugo.lemairemansson@setterwalls.se.Notification shall include full name  personal identification number or corporate registration number  address and daytime telephone number and  where appropriate  information about representative  proxy and assistants. The number of assistants may not be more than two. In order to facilitate entry to the meeting  notification should  where appropriate  be accompanied by powers of attorney  registration certificates and other documents of authority.Personal data obtained from the share register kept by Euroclear Sweden AB  notices and attendance at the meeting and information on representatives  proxies and assistants will be used for registration  preparation of the voting list for the meeting and  where appropriate  the minutes of the meeting.Nominee registered sharesShareholders who have their shares registered in the name of a nominee must request temporary entry in the transcription of the share register kept by Euroclear Sweden AB in order to be entitled to participate and vote for their shares at the meeting. The shareholder must inform the nominee well in advance of Friday 8 September 2023 at which time the register entry must have been made. Voting rights registration that has been requested by the shareholder at such time that the registration has been completed by the nominee no later than Tuesday 12 September 2023  will  however  be taken into account in the preparation of the share register.ProxyA shareholder represented by proxy shall issue a power of attorney which shall be dated and signed by the shareholder. If issued by a legal entity the power of attorney shall be accompanied by registration certificate or  if not applicable  equivalent documents of authority. Power of attorney forms for those shareholders wishing to participate by proxy are available on the Company’s website www.mahaenergy.ca. The original version of the power of attorney shall also be presented at the meeting.Proposed agendaOpening of the meeting and election of chairman of the meeting; Preparation and approval of the voting list; Approval of the agenda; Election of one (1) or two (2) persons who shall approve the minutes of the meeting; Determination of whether the meeting has been duly convened; Resolution on changes to the board composition and decision on board fees; Resolution on changes to the articles of association with respect to share capital and number of shares; Resolution on an incentive program and issuance of warrants to employees and consultants (LTIP 8); Resolution on an incentive program and issuance of warrants to the members of the board of directors (LTIP 9); and Closing of the meeting.Proposed resolutionsItem 6. Resolution on changes to the board composition and decision on board feesAt the annual general meeting held on 24 May 2023  it was resolved to elect Fabio Vassel (chairman)  Paulo Thiago Mendonça  Enrique Peña  Viktor Modigh  Richard Norris  Halvard Idland and Kjetil Solbraekke as ordinary board members for the period until the end of the next annual general meeting.The nomination committee proposes that the general meeting resolves on the following changes to the board composition  maintaining the board fees resolved by the annual general meeting held on 24 May 2023. The nomination committee proposes that the board of directors shall consist of seven (7) ordinary board members with no deputy members until the end of the next annual general meeting. The nomination committee proposes that Kjetil Solbraekke  upon his own request  is discharged from the board of directors and that Svein Harald Øygard is elected as new ordinary board member for the period until the end of the next annual general meeting (i.e. in addition to the remaining current board members). The nomination committee further proposes that Fabio Vassel  upon his own request  is discharged from his assignment as chairman of the board of directors while remaining as ordinary board member  and that Paulo Thiago Mendonça is elected as chairman of the board of directors for the period until the end of next annual general meeting.Paulo Thiago Mendonça  Fabio Vassel and Svein Harald Øygard are to be entitled to remuneration (board fees) as resolved by the annual general meeting held on 24 May 2023 (i.e. SEK 415 000 to the chairman of the board of directors and SEK 300 000 to the ordinary board members  reduced proportionally taking into account that they will not serve as chairman and board members  respectively  during the entire time period between the annual general meeting held on 24 May 2023 and the next annual general meeting).Presentation of the proposed new board memberSvein Harald Øygard  born 1960Experience: Economist in the Ministry of Finance of Norway  as a secretary of the Committee of Fiscal affairs in the Norwegian Parliament  as economic advisor for the Labor Party and then as Deputy Minister of Finance of Norway  1990-1994. From there he joined McKinsey Company  where he worked for 21 years  largely in oil & gas  finance and industry  among others advising oil & gas companies in the North Sea  North America  the Mid-East  South-East Asia and West Africa. He also served as Country Manager Norway  as interim Central Bank Governor of Iceland after the 2008 Global Financial Crisis  and as Chair of the Execution Committee for the Icelandic bank restructuring. In 2017 he co-founded DBO Energy and in 2020 he co-founded Janeiro Energy  a venture fund investing into businesses in the renewables sector.Education: Cand. Oecon from the University of Oslo  Economist.Current assignments: He currently holds several board positions  including being chair in Norwegian Air Shuttle since its 2021 reconstruction and as chair of DOF after its 2023 reconstruction. He is also on the board of TGS-NOPEC. He was on the board of Seadrill through the last phase of its reconstruction and on the board of AGR Petroleum Services.Previous assignments (last five years): He rejoined McKinsey  serving as Global Knowledge Leader Oil & Gas 2010-2014 and as leader of Oil & Gas in Latin America  based in Brazil  2013-2016. He then worked as Senior Partner Corporate Finance in Sparebank1 Markets until mid-2021.Independent in relation to the Company and the Company management: Yes.Independent in relation to the major shareholders: No.Holdings of shares in Maha: Svein Harald indirectly holds 2 474 434 shares in Maha through his investment company  Energy Investors AS (out of which 40 000 shares are currently lent out)  and 7 312 199.33 shares in Maha indirectly through ownership of 1/3 of the shares in DBO Invest S.A. He also holds 3 024 406 shares in Maha directly  following the closing of the DBO transaction. The shares held directly and indirectly through DBO Invest S.A. have been subscribed for  fully paid and allocated  but have as per the date of this notice to attend not been registered with the Swedish Companies Registrations Office. Paid-up subscribed shares (BTA) have been issued to be converted into the shares after registration of the new shares with the Swedish Companies Registration Office.Item 7. Resolution on changes to the articles of association with respect to share capital and number of sharesAt the extraordinary general meeting held on 29 March 2023  it was resolved to change the limits in the articles of association with respect to share capital and number of shares in §§ 4 and 5 in view of the expected increase in the Company’s share capital and number of shares following the same extraordinary general meeting’s resolution to increase the share capital by not more than SEK 404 529.51 through a new issue of not more than 36 775 410 shares against payment in kind within the framework of the acquisition of DBO 2.0 S.A. (thereafter re-named Maha Energy Offshore (Brasil) Ltda.). Following contractual adjustments  the total number of new shares issued by the Company was reduced to 34 829 057 shares  resulting in the new number of shares and share capital of the Company not attaining the minimum limits pursuant to the articles of association resolved upon at the extraordinary general meeting  why the new articles of association were not registered with the Swedish Companies Registration Office.The board of directors proposes to change the limits in the articles of association with respect to share capital and number of shares in §§ 4 and 5. § 4 is proposed to be changed from “The company’s share capital shall be not less than SEK 517 000 and not more than SEK 2 068 000” to “The company’s share capital shall be not less than SEK 1 925 000 and not more than SEK 7 700 000”. § 5 is proposed to be changed from “The number of shares in the company shall be no less than 47 000 000 and no more than 188 000 000” to “The number of shares in the company shall be no less than 175 000 000 and no more than 700 000 000”.The chairman of the board of directors  the CEO or a person appointed by the board of directors shall be authorised to make any minor adjustments required to register the resolution with the Swedish Companies Registration Office. A valid resolution requires that the proposal is supported by shareholders representing at least two-thirds (2/3) of the votes cast as well as of all shares represented at the meeting.Item 8. Resolution on an incentive program and issuance of warrants to employees and consultants (LTIP 8)The board of directors in Maha Energy AB (publ) (the “Company”) proposes that the general meeting resolves on an incentive programme for the Executive Management and other employees and consultants of the Company and its subsidiaries (together  the “Group”) through issuance of warrants entitling to subscription of new shares in the Company as set forth below.BackgroundThe proposal to launch an incentive programme by the issuance of warrants is presented by the board of directors of the Company in order to strengthen the retention of Executive Management and other employees and consultants with the Group and to motivate these to create shareholder value. The board of directors assess that these objectives are in line with all shareholders’ interests.The programme encompasses current and future employees and consultants of the Group. Board members are not allowed to participate. Those entitled to participate in the incentive programme are hereinafter referred to as “Participants”.The programme will be implemented through transfer of warrants to Participants during a period of three years.Terms and conditions for the issue of warrantsThe Company shall issue not more than 5 712 210 warrants. Each warrant entitles to subscription of one (1) new share  each with a quotient value of SEK 0.011. The warrants may  with deviation from the shareholders’ preferential rights  only be subscribed for by any of the Company’s subsidiaries (the “Subsidiary”)  after which the Subsidiary is to transfer the warrants to the Participants in accordance with the resolution adopted by the general meeting and instructions from the board of directors of the Company. Subscription of warrants shall be made by the Subsidiary on a subscription list following the general meeting’s issue resolution  but no later than 30 September 2023. The board of directors of the Company shall be entitled to prolong the subscription period. The warrants shall be issued without consideration (i.e. free of charge) to the Subsidiary. If all issued warrants are subscribed for by the Subsidiary  transferred to and exercised by the Participants for subscription of new shares  the Company’s share capital will increase with SEK 62 834.31 (subject to potential recalculations in accordance with standard terms and conditions applicable to the warrants). The warrants may be exercised for subscription of new shares during the period as from registration of the warrants with the Swedish Companies Registration Office until and including 1 January 2030. Warrants that have not been exercised for subscription of new shares by 1 January 2030 shall lapse. Each warrant shall entitle the warrant holder to subscribe for one (1) new share in the Company at a subscription price per share (the “Exercise Price”) corresponding to 100% of the volume weighted average last closing price for the Company’s share on Nasdaq Stockholm during the period from and including 11 May 2023 until and including 18 September 2023. Any amount that exceeds the quotient value shall be transferred to the nonrestricted share premium account. The Exercise Price thus calculated shall be rounded off to the nearest whole SEK 0.10  whereupon SEK 0.5 shall be rounded upwards. The Exercise Price may never be below the quotient value of the shares. The warrants are subject to customary recalculation conditions.Allocation principles to be applied in relation to ParticipantsWarrants subscribed for by the Subsidiary shall be transferred to the Participants in accordance with instructions from the board of directors of the Company and the principles set forth below. Any resolution to transfer warrants to the Participants shall be made by the board of directors.The transfers of warrants from the Subsidiary to the Participants are to be made without consideration (i.e. free of charge).Warrants are granted under the incentive programme to employees of the Group  and are intended to align such individual’s and shareholder interests by attempting to create a direct relation between incentives and shareholder return. Participation in the incentive programme rewards overall corporate performance  as measured through the price of the shares in the Company. In addition  the incentive programme enables employees to develop and maintain a significant ownership position in the Company. No Participant may be offered more than 2 856 105 warrants.Allocated warrants may be exercised for subscription of new shares in the Company during the period as from registration of the warrants with the Swedish Companies Registration Office until and including 1 January 2030. Subscription of new shares may however not take place during so-called closed periods according to the EU Market Abuse Regulation  or otherwise in breach of relevant insider rules and regulations (including the Company’s internal guidelines in this respect).Warrant agreementAll warrants will be governed by warrant agreements to be entered into between each Participant and the Subsidiary in connection with the transfer of warrants from the Subsidiary. The warrant agreement will include a so-called vesting structure  certain transfer restrictions and other terms and conditions customary for such agreements. The period from allocation of warrants until a share may be acquired may not be less than three years and the warrants shall vest in tranches of one third (1/3) of the allocated warrants per year during a total vesting period of three years. Exception may be made from the period until a share may be acquired and the vesting period in certain situations  such as (i) where the Participant’s employment or assignment as consultant is terminated or (ii) otherwise where exceptional circumstances exist as determined by the board of directors to allow flexibility for the Company in such situations. Such exceptions shall be included in the specific warrant agreements entered into with the Participants.Reasons for the deviation from the shareholders’ preferential rightsThe reasons for the deviation from the shareholders’ preferential rights is that the Company wishes to offer warrants to employees of the Group in order to strengthen the retention of employees and to motivate them to contribute to the creation of shareholder value.Dilution  costs  etc.Upon full subscription  transfer and exercise of all 5 712 210 issued warrants; a total of 5 712 210 new shares will be issued in the Company (subject to potential recalculations in accordance with standard terms and conditions applicable to the warrants). This would lead to a dilution corresponding to approx. 3 percent of the total share capital and number of votes in the Company (based on the share capital and number of shares in the Company as of the date of this proposal  including the 34 829 057 new shares issued within the framework of the acquisition of DBO 2.0 S.A. (thereafter re-named Maha Energy Offshore (Brasil) Ltda.) which have not been registered with the Swedish Companies Registration Office as at the date of this proposal  and calculated as the maximum amount of share capital and number of shares that may be issued  divided by the total share capital and the total number of shares in the Company after the proposed warrants to be issued have been exercised).The incentive programme is expected to have a marginal effect on the Company's earnings per share. The market value is preliminary estimated to SEK 4.08 per warrant  based on a market value of the underlying share corresponding to SEK 8.50 and an estimated Exercise Price of SEK 8.68 per share.Costs related to the issuance of warrants under the incentive programme will be accounted for in accordance with IFRS 2 and recognized as an expense in the income statement during the vesting period. The preliminary estimate of total cost to be recorded during the term of the programme is SEK 23 281 826 Ongoing administration costs and other costs of the programme are minimal.Outstanding incentive programmesIn addition  3 229 586 warrants are outstanding under four (4) Long Term Incentive Programs for employees and senior management of the Group  of which the first program comprises of 460 000 warrants (“Program Four”)  the second program comprises of 1 048 286 warrants (“Program Five”)  the third program comprises of 524 143 warrants (“Program Six”)  and the fourth program comprises of 1 197 157 warrants (“Program Seven”). Each warrant under the respective program entitles to subscribe for one new share in the Company. The exercise price of the warrants corresponds to 100 percent of the volume weighted average last closing price for the Company’s share on Nasdaq First North Growth Market during the period from and including (i) 20 May 2020 until and including 27 May 2020 for Program Four  and corresponds to 100 percent of the volume weighted average last closing price for the Company’s share on Nasdaq Stockholm during the period from and including (ii) 21 May 2021 until and including 27 May 2021 for Program Five  (iii) 21 May 2021 until and including 27 May 2021 for Program Six  and (iv) 24 May 2022 until and including 31 May 2022 for Program Seven. The warrants may be exercised from and including (i) 1 June 2023 until and including 29 February 2024 for Program Four  (ii) 1 June 2024 until and including 28 February 2025 for Program Five  (iii) 1 June 2023 until and including 29 February 2024 for Program Six  and (iv) 1 June 2025 until and including 1 June 2030 for Program Seven.Approval of transfer of warrants from the Subsidiary to ParticipantsA resolution to issue warrants in accordance with this proposal also includes an approval of the transfers of warrants from the Subsidiary to the Participants.Preparation of the proposalThis proposal has been prepared by the board of directors together with external consultants. The final proposal has been presented by the board of directors.Majority requirementsThis proposal to adopt the incentive programme and to issue warrants  as well as the approval of the transfers of warrants from the Subsidiary to the Participants  is governed by the provisions in Chapter 16 of the Swedish Companies Act (Sw. Aktiebolagslagen (2005:551))  and a valid resolution therefore requires that the proposal is supported by shareholders representing at least nine-tenths (9/10) of the votes cast as well as of all shares represented at the meeting.MiscellaneousThe chairman of the board of directors  the managing director or a person appointed by the board of directors shall be authorised to make any minor adjustments required to register the resolution with the Swedish Companies Registration Office.Item 9. Resolution on an incentive program and issuance of warrants to the members of the board of directors (LTIP 9)The nomination committee in Maha Energy AB (publ) (the “Company”) (excluding Fabio Vassel) proposes that the general meeting resolves on an incentive programme for the members of the board of directors of the Company through issuance of warrants entitling to subscription of new shares in the Company as set forth below.BackgroundThe proposal to launch an incentive programme by the issuance of warrants is presented by the nomination committee in the Company (excluding Fabio Vassel) in order to strengthen the retention of the members of the board of directors and to motivate the board members to create shareholder value. The nomination committee assess that these objectives are in line with all shareholders’ interests.The programme encompasses board members in the Company. Those entitled to participate in the incentive programme are hereinafter referred to as “Participants”.The programme will be implemented through transfer of warrants to Participants during a period of three years.Terms and conditions for the issue of warrantsThe Company shall issue not more than 3 808 140 warrants. Each warrant entitles to subscription of one (1) new share  each with a quotient value of SEK 0.011. The warrants may  with deviation from the shareholders’ preferential rights  only be subscribed for by any of the Company’s subsidiaries (the “Subsidiary”)  after which the Subsidiary is to transfer the warrants to the Participants in accordance with the resolution adopted by the general meeting and instructions from the nomination committee of the Company. Subscription of warrants shall be made by the Subsidiary on a subscription list following the general meeting’s issue resolution  but no later than 30 September 2023. The board of directors of the Company shall be entitled to prolong the subscription period. The warrants shall be issued without consideration (i.e. free of charge) to the Subsidiary. If all issued warrants are subscribed for by the Subsidiary  transferred to and exercised by the Participants for subscription of new shares  the Company’s share capital will increase with SEK 41 889.54(subject to potential recalculations in accordance with standard terms and conditions applicable to the warrants). The warrants may be exercised for subscription of new shares during the period as from registration of the warrants with the Swedish Companies Registration Office until and including 1 January 2030. Warrants that have not been exercised for subscription of new shares by 1 January 2030 shall lapse. Each warrant shall entitle the warrant holder to subscribe for one (1) new share in the Company at a subscription price per share (the “Exercise Price”) corresponding to 100% of the volume weighted average last closing price for the Company’s share on Nasdaq Stockholm during the period from and including 11 May 2023 until and including 18 September 2023. Any amount that exceeds the quotient value shall be transferred to the nonrestricted share premium account. The Exercise Price thus calculated shall be rounded off to the nearest whole SEK 0.10  whereupon SEK 0.5 shall be rounded upwards. The Exercise Price may never be below the quotient value of the shares. The warrants are subject to customary recalculation conditions.Allocation principles to be applied in relation to ParticipantsWarrants subscribed for by the Subsidiary shall be transferred to the Participants in accordance with instructions from the nomination committee of the Company and the principles set forth below. The chairman of the Company’s board of directors  as member of the nomination committee  will not participate in any resolution to transfer warrants to himself.The transfers of warrants from the Subsidiary to the Participants are to be made without consideration (i.e. free of charge).Warrants are granted under the incentive programme to board members in the Company and are intended to align such individual’s and shareholder interests by attempting to create a direct relation between incentives and shareholder return. Participation in the incentive programme rewards overall corporate performance  as measured through the price of the shares in the Company. In addition  the incentive programme enables board members to develop and maintain a significant ownership position in the Company. No Participant may be offered more than 2 856 105 warrants.Allocated warrants may be exercised for subscription of new shares in the Company during the period as from registration of the warrants with the Swedish Companies Registration Office until and including 1 January 2030. Subscription of new shares may however not take place during so-called closed periods according to the EU Market Abuse Regulation  or otherwise in breach of relevant insider rules and regulations (including the Company’s internal guidelines in this respect).Warrant agreementAll warrants will be governed by warrant agreements to be entered into between each Participant and the Subsidiary in connection with the transfer of warrants from the Subsidiary. The warrant agreement will include a so-called vesting structure  certain transfer restrictions and other terms and conditions customary for such agreements. The period from allocation of warrants until a share may be acquired may not be less than three years and the warrants shall vest in tranches of one third (1/3) of the allocated warrants per year during a total vesting period of three years. Exception may be made from the period until a share may be acquired and the vesting period in certain situations where exceptional circumstances to allow flexibility for the Company in such situations. Such exception shall be included in the specific warrant agreements entered into with the Participants.Reasons for the deviation from the shareholders’ preferential rightsThe reasons for the deviation from the shareholders’ preferential rights is that the Company wishes to offer warrants to the board members in the Company in order for the board members to take part in the value growth in the Company which is expected to increase the board members long-term commitment and strengthen the retention of board members  and to motivate them to contribute to the creation of shareholder value.Dilution  costs  etc.Upon full subscription  transfer and exercise of all 3 808 140 issued warrants; a total of 3 808 140 new shares will be issued in the Company (subject to potential recalculations in accordance with standard terms and conditions applicable to the warrants). This would lead to a dilution corresponding to approx. 2 percent of the total share capital and number of votes in the Company (based on the share capital and number of shares in the Company as of the date of this proposal  including the 34 829 057 new shares issued within the framework of the acquisition of DBO 2.0 S.A. (thereafter re-named Maha Energy Offshore (Brasil) Ltda.) which have not been registered with the Swedish Companies Registration Office as at the date of this proposal  and calculated as the maximum amount of share capital and number of shares that may be issued  divided by the total share capital and the total number of shares in the Company after the proposed warrants to be issued have been exercised).The incentive programme is expected to have a marginal effect on the Company's earnings per share. The market value is preliminary estimated to SEK 4.08 per warrant  based on a market value of the underlying share corresponding to SEK 8.50 and an estimated Exercise Price of SEK 8.68 per share.Costs related to the issuance of warrants under the incentive programme will be accounted for in accordance with IFRS 2 and recognized as an expense in the income statement during the vesting period. The preliminary estimate of total cost to be recorded during the term of the programme is SEK 15 521 217. Ongoing administration costs and other costs of the programme are minimal.Outstanding incentive programmesIn addition  3 229 586 warrants are outstanding under four (4) Long Term Incentive Programs for employees and senior management of the Group  of which the first program comprises of 460 000 warrants (“Program Four”)  the second program comprises of 1 048 286 warrants (“Program Five”)  the third program comprises of 524 143 warrants (“Program Six”)  and the fourth program comprises of 1 197 157 warrants (“Program Seven”). Each warrant under the respective program entitles to subscribe for one new share in the Company. The exercise price of the warrants corresponds to 100 percent of the volume weighted average last closing price for the Company’s share on Nasdaq First North Growth Market during the period from and including (i) 20 May 2020 until and including 27 May 2020 for Program Four  and corresponds to 100 percent of the volume weighted average last closing price for the Company’s share on Nasdaq Stockholm during the period from and including (ii) 21 May 2021 until and including 27 May 2021 for Program Five  (iii) 21 May 2021 until and including 27 May 2021 for Program Six  and (iv) 24 May 2022 until and including 31 May 2022 for Program Seven. The warrants may be exercised from and including (i) 1 June 2023 until and including 29 February 2024 for Program Four  (ii) 1 June 2024 until and including 28 February 2025 for Program Five  (iii) 1 June 2023 until and including 29 February 2024 for Program Six  and (iv) 1 June 2025 until and including 1 June 2030 for Program Seven.Approval of transfer of warrants from the Subsidiary to ParticipantsA resolution to issue warrants in accordance with this proposal also includes an approval of the transfers of warrants from the Subsidiary to the Participants.Preparation of the proposalThis proposal has been prepared by the nomination committee (excluding Fabio Vassel) together with external consultants. The final proposal has been presented by the nomination committee (excluding Fabio Vassel).Majority requirementsThis proposal to adopt the incentive programme and to issue warrants  as well as the approval of the transfers of warrants from the Subsidiary to the Participants  is governed by the provisions in Chapter 16 of the Swedish Companies Act (Sw. Aktiebolagslagen (2005:551))  and a valid resolution therefore requires that the proposal is supported by shareholders representing at least nine-tenths (9/10) of the votes cast as well as of all shares represented at the meeting.MiscellaneousThe chairman of the board of directors  the managing director or a person appointed by the board of directors shall be authorised to make any minor adjustments required to register the resolution with the Swedish Companies Registration Office.Number of shares and votes in the CompanyThe total number of shares in the Company at the time of issuance of this notice is 178 444 753 (of which 34 829 057 shares have not been registered with the Swedish Companies Registration Office as at the date of this notice to attend  however 34 829 057 so-called paid up subscribed shares (BTA) have been issued which each carry one vote). The total number of votes for all issued shares (including BTA) in the Company is 178 444 753 votes. The Company does not hold any of its own shares.Shareholders’ right to request informationPursuant to Chapter 7 section 32 of the Swedish Companies Act (Sw. aktiebolagslagen (2005:551)) the board of directors and the managing director are under a duty to  if any shareholder so requests and the board of directors deems that it can be made without material damage to the Company  provide information  regarding circumstances which may affect the assessment of a matter on the agenda.DocumentationDocuments to be dealt with at the general meeting will be kept available at the Company’s office not later than three weeks before the meeting. The documents will be sent free of charge to shareholders who so request and state their postal address. The documents will also be made available not later than the aforementioned date on the Company’s website www.mahaenergy.ca. All the above mentioned documents will also be presented at the general meeting._____Stockholm  12 August 2023The board of directorsFor more information  please contact:Paulo Thiago Mendonça  CEO  Phone: +46 8 611 05 11  E-mail: info@mahaenergy.caGuilherme Guidolin de Campos  CFO  Phone: +46 8 611 05 11  E-mail: info@mahaenergy.caJakob Sintring  Head of IR  Phone: +46 8 611 05 11  E-mail: info@mahaenergy.caMiscellaneousThe information was submitted for publication  through the agency of the contact person set out above  15:00 CEST on 12 August 2023.About MahaMaha Energy AB (publ) is a listed  international upstream oil and gas company whose business activities include exploration  development and production of crude oil and natural gas. The strategy is to target and develop underperforming hydrocarbon assets on global basis. Maha operates the Mafraq field in Block 70 in the Sultanate of Oman and assets in the United States. The shares are listed on Nasdaq Stockholm (MAHA-A). The head office is in Stockholm  Sweden with a technical office in Calgary  Canada  as well as operations offices in Grayville  Illinois  USA  Rio De Janeiro  Brazil and Muscat  Oman. For more information  please visit our website www.mahaenergy.ca.Attachment,neutral,0.14,0.84,0.02,negative,0.06,0.44,0.5,True,English,"['Extraordinary General Meeting', 'Maha Energy', 'Notice', 'Swedish Central Securities Depository', 'Paulo Thiago Mendonça', 'Hugo Lemaire Månsson', 'new ordinary board member', 'remaining current board members', 'next annual general meeting', 'seven (7) ordinary board members', 'Enrique Peña', 'Maha Energy AB', 'P.O. Box', 'Svein Harald Øygard', 'extraordinary general meeting', 'Euroclear Sweden AB', 'daytime telephone number', 'Setterwalls Advokatbyrå AB', 'personal identification number', 'Voting rights registration', 'corporate registration number', 'Nominee registered shares', 'deputy members', 'Personal data', 'voting list', 'board composition', 'board fees', 'Clearing Organisation', 'record day', 'other documents', 'legal entity', 'equivalent documents', 'original version', 'two (2) persons', 'incentive program', 'Fabio Vassel', 'Viktor Modigh', 'Richard Norris', 'Halvard Idland', 'Kjetil Solbraekke', 'nomination committee', 'registration certificates', 'Tuesday 12 September', 'temporary entry', 'full name', 'register entry', 'share register', 'Friday 8 September', 'following changes', 'attorney forms', 'shareholders’ register', 'publ', 'reg.', 'Company', 'notice', 'Monday', 'CEST', 'offices', 'Sturegatan', 'Stockholm', 'attendance', 'assistant', 'Notification', 'letter', 'Attn', 'mail', 'lemairemansson', 'address', 'information', 'representative', 'proxy', 'order', 'powers', 'authority', 'proxies', 'preparation', 'minutes', 'transcription', 'advance', 'account', 'website', 'mahaenergy', 'agenda', 'Opening', 'election', 'chairman', 'approval', 'Determination', 'Resolution', 'decision', 'articles', 'association', 'respect', 'capital', 'issuance', 'warrants', 'employees', 'consultants', 'LTIP', 'directors', 'Closing', 'Item', '24 May', 'period', 'request', 'addition', 'assignment', 'remuneration', '11.']",2023-08-12,2023-08-13,globenewswire.com
28989,Deutsche Boerse,Bing API,https://seekingalpha.com/article/4627577-merck-kgaa-expect-a-10-percent-cagr-ebitda-increase-in-2024-2025,Merck KGaA: Expect A 10% CAGR EBITDA Increase In 2024-2025 (OTCMKTS:MKGAF),Merck KGaA remains confident in its 2025 targets despite reducing its full-year guidance for 2023. Read more to see why MKGAF stock is a Buy.,"Anne Czichos/iStock Editorial via Getty ImagesIntroductionIn April  I had another look at Merck KGaA (OTCPK:MKGAF) (OTCPK:MKKGY)  the German life science and technology company (not to be confused with Merck (MRK))  so whenever I discuss ""Merck"" in this article  I will be referring to the German company.Yahoo FinanceThe ticker symbol on the Deutsche Boerse exchange is MRK and the stock is trading with an average daily volume of just over 330 000 shares. As Merck trades in Euro and reports in Euro  I will use the EUR as base currency throughout the article. The current share count is approximately 434.8M shares as investors need to use the theoretical number of shares to correctly reflect the general partner's interest. The stock closed at 163.30 EUR in Germany last Friday  resulting in a market capitalization of approximately 71B EUR.The H1 results are now inThe second quarter was perhaps a little bit disappointing as the company reported an organic revenue decrease of 1.1% to 5.3B EUR while the EBITDA decreased by 7% to 1.6B EUR on a similar organic basis. As you can see below  the gross profit in the second quarter decreased by approximately 300M EUR while the EBIT came in at 969M EUR compared to almost 1.18B EUR in the second quarter of last year.Merck Investor RelationsNeedless to say the higher interest expenses and finance costs also are weighing on the result (the interest expenses will only gradually increase throughout the next decade as Merck’s debt maturity profile is well-staggered as you can see below). Whereas Merck reported a net finance cost of 56M EUR in Q2 2022  this already has increased to 76M EUR in the second quarter of this year. This ultimately resulted in net income of 706M EUR of which about 704M EUR was attributable to the shareholders of Merck. This represents an EPS of 1.62 EUR per share.Merck Investor RelationsThat’s definitely a weaker result compared to the first quarter of the year  and the H1 EPS of 3.45 EUR per share is almost 15% lower than in the same period last year.I originally liked Merck for its smart M&A approach. The balance sheet would temporarily expand due to the debt-funded acquisitions but Merck was always pretty good at focusing on generating free cash flow to reduce the debt again.The cash flow statement for the first semester shows a total operating cash flow of 1.48B EUR including an 840M EUR investment in the working capital. There doesn't appear to be any noticeable lease liability payments (there are some lease liabilities though)  and the adjusted operating cash flow after taking the 10M EUR dividend to non-controlling interests into account was approximately 2.3B EUR.Merck Investor RelationsThe total capex was approximately 978M EUR (excluding the impact from asset disposals) which subsequently results in a net free cash flow of 1.32B EUR or approximately 2.91 EUR per share. Definitely not a spectacular result.What does this mean for the full-year expectations?Merck doesn’t seem to be too worried about the somewhat disappointing results in the first semester. The company emphasized it considers 2023 to be a transition year and confirmed its targets for 2025 are still valid.When it comes to 2023  the company did reduce its full-year guidance. Merck now expects to see a total revenue of 20.5-21.9B EUR which should result in an EBITDA of 5.8-6.4B EUR before non-recurring items. Considering the company already reported an EBITDA of 3.15B EUR in the first half of the year (also before non-recurring items)  the guidance implies the second semester likely won’t be materially better with an EBITDA of 2.65-3.25B EUR. The full-year EPS will come in at 8.25-9.35 EUR (again before taking the non-recurring items into account).Merck Investor RelationsThis means that at the current share price  Merck is trading at about 18.5 times earnings (using the midpoint of the 2023 earnings guidance). That’s not expensive given the track history of the company.It’s also not ultra cheap but keep in mind the company has confirmed its guidance for 2025 wherein it expects to achieve a total revenue of 25B EUR. This means the total EBITDA should exceed 7B EUR and this should result in a pretty strong net income uplift of about 750M-1B EUR as well. This would boost the normalized EPS (before non-recurring items) to 10-11.50 EUR per share and the current share price represents a multiple of 15 times the forward 2025 earnings. Of course there are no guarantees  but in the past  Merck has proven to be pretty strong on the M&A front and as the free cash flow continues to pour in (albeit at a slower pace than initially expected)  the German company is in an excellent position to take advantage of the weakness of others as the year-end net debt to EBITDA ratio should come in below 1.3  dropping to about 0.75-0.8 by the end of next year (assuming the 2025 target will be confirmed at the Capital Markets Day which has been scheduled for Q4 of this year).Investment thesisWould I be interested in Merck if I’d just take this year’s performance into account? Probably not. But the anticipated annual double digit revenue growth rate in 2024 and 2025 (and corresponding EBITDA growth) makes Merck worth considering. In my previous article I mentioned I was in no rush  and I still don’t think there is any urgency. But if 2023 should indeed be considered a ""transition year "" I’ll likely have to establish a position before the capital markets day in October as the market could likely positively react to seeing the 2025 targets being confirmed once again.I may consider writing put options perhaps with a strike price in the low-150 EUR range. I will provide an update in the comment section of this article once I have made a decision.Editor's Note: This article discusses one or more securities that do not trade on a major U.S. exchange. Please be aware of the risks associated with these stocks.",neutral,0.03,0.97,0.0,mixed,0.15,0.14,0.71,True,English,"['10% CAGR EBITDA Increase', 'Merck KGaA', 'OTCMKTS', 'MKGAF', 'smart M&A approach', 'noticeable lease liability payments', 'strong net income uplift', 'net free cash flow', 'total operating cash flow', 'M&A front', 'cash flow statement', 'Deutsche Boerse exchange', 'average daily volume', 'similar organic basis', 'net finance cost', 'Capital Markets Day', 'German life science', 'organic revenue decrease', 'The H1 results', '10M EUR dividend', 'year-end net debt', 'current share count', 'current share price', 'Merck Investor Relations', 'higher interest expenses', '840M EUR investment', 'lease liabilities', 'total revenue', 'working capital', 'disappointing results', 'Investment thesis', 'total capex', 'Yahoo Finance', 'finance costs', 'Anne Czichos', 'iStock Editorial', 'Getty Images', 'OTCPK:MKKGY', 'ticker symbol', 'base currency', 'theoretical number', 'general partner', 'market capitalization', 'second quarter', 'gross profit', 'next decade', 'maturity profile', '704M EUR', 'first quarter', 'H1 EPS', 'same period', 'balance sheet', 'debt-funded acquisitions', 'first semester', 'controlling interests', 'asset disposals', 'full-year expectations', '5.8-6.4B', 'recurring items', 'first half', 'second semester', 'track history', 'slower pace', 'excellent position', 'total EBITDA', 'German company', 'weaker result', 'spectacular result', '18.5 times earnings', 'Merck KGaA', 'full-year guidance', 'full-year EPS', 'last year', 'transition year', 'next year', 'technology company', '434.8M shares', 'EBITDA ratio', '2023 earnings guidance', '3.45 EUR', '2025 earnings', '330,000 shares', 'Introduction', 'April', 'look', 'MRK', 'article', 'Euro', 'reports', 'investors', 'Germany', '300M', '969M', '1.18B', 'Q2', '706M', 'shareholders', 'account', 'impact', '1.32B', 'targets', 'non', '25-9.35', 'midpoint', 'mind', '7B', '750M', 'multiple', 'guarantees', 'past', 'advantage', 'weakness', 'others', '2025 target', 'Q4', 'performance', '3.30', '1.62', '2.91', '15']",2023-08-13,2023-08-13,seekingalpha.com
