UID,Searchword,API,URL,Title,Summary,Article,Title_Sentiment,Title_Positive,Title_Neutral,Title_Negative,Article_Sentiment,Article_Positive,Article_Neutral,Article_Negative,Verified,Language,Topics,Date,Load_Date,Source
47030,Clearstream,Bing API,https://www.msn.com/en-us/weather/topstories/update-lakewood-wildfire-threatening-homes-grows-to-30-acres/ar-AA1ujeCE,Lakewood Country Club wildfire burning; 0 percent contained,LAKEWOOD−A wildfire is burning in the area of Pine Park  the Lakewood Country Club and Clearstream Road  authorities said. The New Jersey Forest Fire Service has issued a Wildfire Alert and is on the scene with bulldozers ,LAKEWOOD−A wildfire is burning in the area of Pine Park  the Lakewood Country Club and Clearstream Road  authorities said. The New Jersey Forest Fire Service has issued a Wildfire Alert and is on the scene with bulldozers ,negative,0.01,0.44,0.56,negative,0.0,0.29,0.71,True,English,"['Lakewood Country Club wildfire', '0 percent', 'The New Jersey Forest Fire Service', 'Lakewood Country Club', 'LAKEWOOD−A', 'Pine Park', 'Clearstream Road', 'Wildfire Alert', 'area', 'authorities', 'scene', 'bulldozers']",2024-11-18,2024-11-18,msn.com
47031,Clearstream,Bing API,https://www.shorenewsnetwork.com/2024/11/18/thirty-acre-forest-fire-breaks-out-at-pine-park-in-lakewood/,Thirty-Acre Forest Fire Breaks Out at Pine Park in Lakewood,A wildfire burning near Pine Park and the Lakewood Country Club in Ocean County has scorched 30 acres as firefighters work to gain control ,LAKEWOOD  N.J. – A wildfire burning near Pine Park and the Lakewood Country Club in Ocean County has scorched 30 acres as firefighters work to gain control  the New Jersey Forest Fire Service reported on Monday.The fire  dubbed the Country Club Wildfire  remains 0% contained as of Saturday evening. Six structures on Seminole Drive are under threat  but no evacuations have been ordered  authorities said.Clearstream Road has been closed between Brewers Bridge and Hope Chapel Road due to fire activity in the area. Ground crews  fire engines  and bulldozers have been deployed to the scene  along with a helicopter used for aerial observation of the blaze.The Forest Fire Service said the cause of the fire remains under investigation  with no immediate indications of how it began.Efforts to contain the fire continue as firefighters focus on protecting nearby homes and limiting its spread.,neutral,0.0,0.96,0.04,negative,0.0,0.38,0.62,True,English,"['Thirty-Acre Forest Fire', 'Pine Park', 'Lakewood', 'New Jersey Forest Fire Service', 'The Forest Fire Service', 'Hope Chapel Road', 'Lakewood Country Club', 'Clearstream Road', 'fire activity', 'fire engines', 'N.J.', 'Pine Park', 'Ocean County', 'Saturday evening', 'Six structures', 'Seminole Drive', 'Brewers Bridge', 'Ground crews', 'aerial observation', 'immediate indications', 'nearby homes', 'wildfire', '30 acres', 'firefighters', 'control', 'Monday', 'threat', 'evacuations', 'authorities', 'area', 'bulldozers', 'scene', 'helicopter', 'blaze', 'cause', 'investigation', 'Efforts', 'spread']",2024-11-18,2024-11-18,shorenewsnetwork.com
47032,Clearstream,Bing API,https://abc7ny.com/post/lakewood-fire-firefighters-battling-new-wildfire-ocean-county-nj/15556582/,New Jersey firefighters battling new brush fire in Lakewood,The blaze has reached 30 acres and is currently 0% contained. Clearstream Road is closed between Brewers Bridge and Hope Chapel Road and officials say six structures are threatened on Seminole Drive. It comes as crews continue to fight the massive Jennings ...,New Jersey firefighters battling brush fire in LakewoodThe brush fire is burning in the Lakewood area of Pine Park and the Lakewood Country Club in Ocean County.The brush fire is burning in the Lakewood area of Pine Park and the Lakewood Country Club in Ocean County.The brush fire is burning in the Lakewood area of Pine Park and the Lakewood Country Club in Ocean County.The brush fire is burning in the Lakewood area of Pine Park and the Lakewood Country Club in Ocean County.LAKEWOOD  New Jersey (WABC) -- Firefighters are battling a wildfire in Lakewood on Monday afternoon.The fire is burning in the area of Pine Park and the Lakewood Country Club in Ocean County.The blaze has reached 30 acres and is currently 0% contained.Clearstream Road is closed between Brewers Bridge and Hope Chapel Road and officials say six structures are threatened on Seminole Drive.It comes as crews continue to fight the massive Jennings Creek fire in Passaic County and a drought warning has been issued for 15 counties in New York -- including all of New York City.Few other details were released.----------* Get Eyewitness News Delivered* More New Jersey news* Send us a news tip* Download the abc7NY app for breaking news alerts* Follow us on YouTubeSubmit a tip or story idea to Eyewitness NewsHave a breaking news tip or an idea for a story we should cover? Send it to Eyewitness News using the form below. If attaching a video or photo  terms of use apply.,neutral,0.01,0.96,0.03,negative,0.0,0.09,0.91,True,English,"['New Jersey firefighters', 'new brush fire', 'Lakewood', 'massive Jennings Creek fire', 'More New Jersey news', 'Few other details', 'Hope Chapel Road', 'New York City', 'Lakewood Country Club', 'New Jersey firefighters', 'breaking news tip', 'Clearstream Road', 'Eyewitness News', 'news alerts', 'brush fire', 'Pine Park', 'Ocean County', 'Monday afternoon', 'Brewers Bridge', 'six structures', 'Seminole Drive', 'Passaic County', 'drought warning', 'abc7NY app', 'Lakewood area', 'story idea', 'WABC', 'wildfire', 'blaze', '30 acres', 'officials', 'crews', '15 counties', 'YouTube', 'form', 'video', 'photo', 'terms', 'use']",2024-11-18,2024-11-18,abc7ny.com
47033,Clearstream,Bing API,https://foreignpolicy.com/2024/11/18/brics-currency-dollar-russia-china-swift-finance-sanctions/,Russia’s Plans to Replace the Dollar Are Going Nowhere,BRICS countries show little interest in Moscow’s proposal for an alternative financial system.,To the Kremlin’s chagrin  however  things did not go according to plan in Kazan. No BRICS currency was launched  and the official captions to Putin’s pictures do not even mention the banknote. The Kremlin also failed in its efforts to push for the adoption of BRICS Bridge  a financial mechanism that would help the group’s economies bypass Western channels. Interest from other BRICS members was so lukewarm that the scheme did not even make it into the final summit communiqué . Russia is unlikely to stop pressing  however: Developing non-Western financial mechanisms is an almost existential imperative for Moscow—and it highlights how finance has become a new arena for great-power competition.Browsing through the official photos of the annual BRICS summit in the Russian city of Kazan last month yields intriguing surprises. In several of them   Russian President Vladimir Putin holds a mock-up banknote featuring the flags of the five core BRICS countries—Brazil  Russia  India  China  and South Africa. Looking at the pictures  one could be forgiven for assuming that the BRICS had just launched a common currency. This is exactly what Moscow would like the world to think as part of its bid to demonstrate that Russia is far from isolated on the global scene.Browsing through the official photos of the annual BRICS summit in the Russian city of Kazan last month yields intriguing surprises. In several of them  Russian President Vladimir Putin holds a mock-up banknote featuring the flags of the five core BRICS countries—Brazil  Russia  India  China  and South Africa. Looking at the pictures  one could be forgiven for assuming that the BRICS had just launched a common currency. This is exactly what Moscow would like the world to think as part of its bid to demonstrate that Russia is far from isolated on the global scene.To the Kremlin’s chagrin  however  things did not go according to plan in Kazan. No BRICS currency was launched  and the official captions to Putin’s pictures do not even mention the banknote. The Kremlin also failed in its efforts to push for the adoption of BRICS Bridge  a financial mechanism that would help the group’s economies bypass Western channels. Interest from other BRICS members was so lukewarm that the scheme did not even make it into the final summit communiqué. Russia is unlikely to stop pressing  however: Developing non-Western financial mechanisms is an almost existential imperative for Moscow—and it highlights how finance has become a new arena for great-power competition.In Kazan  the Russian summit hosts had a simple goal: to launch as many financial schemes as possible in order to mitigate the impact of Western sanctions on Moscow. Proposals include BRICS Pay (a scheme that would allow visitors from BRICS countries to make payments in Russia); BRICS Clear (an attempt to circumvent Euroclear  Clearstream  and the other Western firms that provide the global infrastructure for trading securities  such as stocks and bonds); BRICS (Re)Insurance (a bid to mitigate restrictions on the provision of insurance for Russian-owned aircraft and ships); a BRICS ratings agency (an alternative to the Western giants Standard & Poor’s  Fitch  and Moody’s); and the BRICS Cross-Border Payments Initiative (a scheme to facilitate payments between BRICS countries in their own currencies  such as the Russian ruble or the Brazilian real).All five mechanisms matter  but attendees in Kazan quickly understood that Russia cared even more about a sixth scheme—BRICS Bridge. The project’s goal is both simple and ambitious: getting rid of intermediaries for international transactions made with central bank digital currencies (digital coins issued by central banks and stored on mobile phone wallets). To understand BRICS Bridge  picture a long-haul flight between  say  India and Brazil. Instead of having to go through an airport hub (a correspondent bank that is often located in the United States)  these systems allow payments to make a direct trip between Indian and Brazilian banks. The benefits of going direct are obvious: Financial transactions do not need to make a stopover in a correspondent bank likely to be located in the United States or go through Swift  the Western-controlled global payment system between banks.The symbolic dimension of BRICS Bridge is massive. As Brazilian President Luiz Inácio Lula da Silva said in 2023  “Every night  I ask myself why all countries have to base their trade on the dollar. Why can’t we do trade based on our own currencies?” This is not only about countries wondering why they need to settle cross-border trade using the greenback instead of their own currencies. Another aspect of the frustration is linked to the dollar being the currency of choice for issuing sovereign debt  putting developing economies at the mercy of the monetary policy of the U.S. Federal Reserve.Bypassing Western financial channels also offers a layer of protection against sanctions from G-7 countries and their allies  since in most cases those sanctions only bite if the sanctioned country’s firms use Western currencies or have ties to G-7 economies. This highlights how BRICS Bridge is part of the effort by the West’s adversaries to sanctions-proof their economies by ditching Western currencies (in addition to reverting to old-fashioned barter  Russia now settles around 80 percent of its international trade in non-Western currencies) and building alternatives to Swift (like China’s homemade mechanism  CIPS). Dodging Western financial mechanisms also makes it easier to hide sensitive transactions that could trigger U.S. secondary sanctions  such as Chinese sales of military gear to Russia.A final advantage of BRICS Bridge has to do with its digital nature. BRICS central banks could easily program a digital mechanism so that it blocks transactions that run counter to their interests or  in extreme scenarios  restricts Western access to their markets. Even short of these scenarios  the digital nature of BRICS Bridge would make it easier for surveillance-heavy dictatorships like Russia or China to track international transactions. By pressing ahead  BRICS economies could also be seeking a first-mover advantage in establishing a digitalized global financial architecture—betting that controlling emerging standards in the sector will enable them to weaponize global finance in the future.Considering the potential benefits of BRICS Bridge  it may look surprising that Russia’s push for the mechanism’s adoption was met with lukewarm reception in Kazan. Moscow’s initial plans were to trial the scheme in 2025 before fully launching it around 2027. The fact that this timeline now looks unrealistic did not come as an entirely unexpected development for Moscow. A few weeks before the summit  China  India  and South Africa had already skipped a BRICS finance ministers’ meeting that was supposed to talk about the scheme.The reluctance of other BRICS economies to get on board highlights three reasons why the development of non-Western financial mechanisms is unlikely to prove straightforward.The first obstacle has to do with BRICS members’ diverging views of the urgency of such plans. At one end of the spectrum  Russia is the most enthusiastic backer of BRICS Bridge; the country has nothing to lose as Western sanctions already restrict its access to Western payments schemes. Other BRICS members are less convinced. China is doing preemptive work to have backup plans in case it were to be cut off from Swift or Western currencies  but it has no interest in ditching the dollar or Western financial channels any time soon. Meanwhile  Brazil’s plans to de-dollarize appear to have more bark than bite. South Africa and India are even less eager to connect to BRICS Bridge; bankers in both countries are uneasy about getting too cozy with non-U.S. financial initiatives for fear of antagonizing their Western partners.A second factor hindering the development of BRICS Bridge is that the system can work only if all BRICS countries issue their own digital currencies. They are far from that point. Among them  only China has both a pilot digital currency in circulation—the digital renminbi—and the infrastructure in place for cross-border payments—through mBridge  a scheme that appears to have inspired the architecture of BRICS Bridge. (Shortly after the Kazan summit  the Bank of International Settlements  which led the development of mBridge  announced that it was withdrawing from the project after media reports suggested the scheme could help dodge sanctions.) Yet China’s extensive capital controls that restrict cross-border transactions will hamper the global rollout of the digital renminbi  including for use among the BRICS grouping. Without China on board  the mechanism is unlikely to have much global clout.Basic economic theory highlights a final difficulty. With BRICS countries registering trade imbalances among themselves  it is hard to imagine how  say  Russian oil firms would not end up with huge piles of digital rupees for their sales to India. The issuance of a common BRICS currency would prevent such an issue. However  plans for what has been dubbed the “R5” (a potential joint currency replacing the rand  real  renminbi  ruble  and rupee) or for the “unit” (a potential gold-backed digital currency) can be dismissed as far-fetched for now if BRICS countries cannot even agree on launching BRICS Bridge. This looks a bit like a chicken-or-egg problem: BRICS Bridge is unlikely to launch before the five major BRICS economies have a common digital currency  but launching such a currency is useless if BRICS Bridge is not operational. As long as the BRICS countries do not come to a political agreement on the need for BRICS financial systems  these debates could last for a while.Should Western policymakers lose sleep over BRICS Bridge? Russia’s invasion of Ukraine in February 2022 has turbocharged the fragmentation of the global trade landscape between geopolitically aligned blocs. It is therefore no surprise that financial systems are becoming increasingly geopolitical  as well. The threat posed by such schemes may be overestimated in the short term  since the dollar and Swift are nowhere near losing their global hegemony. However  we can bet that non-Western financial mechanisms will become more mainstream in the long run  further fueling the fragmentation of the global financial landscape. Perhaps the only certainty is that Russia will continue to pretend that it is successfully leading efforts to launch BRICS financial schemes—even when there are none to write home about for now.,neutral,0.0,0.53,0.47,mixed,0.21,0.24,0.55,True,English,"['Russia', 'Plans', 'Dollar', 'Brazilian President Luiz Inácio Lula da Silva', 'U.S. Federal Reserve', 'Russian President Vladimir Putin', 'Western-controlled global payment system', 'five core BRICS countries', 'BRICS Cross-Border Payments Initiative', 'central bank digital currencies', 'final summit communiqué', 'mobile phone wallets', 'Russian summit hosts', 'many financial schemes', 'other BRICS members', 'annual BRICS summit', 'BRICS ratings agency', 'Western financial mechanisms', 'No BRICS currency', 'other Western firms', 'Western financial channels', 'Brazilian real', 'five mechanisms', 'Brazilian banks', 'digital coins', 'Russian city', 'Russian ruble', 'Western channels', 'central banks', 'correspondent bank', 'Financial transactions', 'global scene', 'global infrastructure', 'BRICS Bridge', 'BRICS Pay', 'BRICS Clear', 'Western giants', 'Western cur', 'cross-border trade', 'G-7 countries', 'common currency', 'official captions', 'existential imperative', 'new arena', 'great-power competition', 'official photos', 'intriguing surprises', 'South Africa', 'trading securities', 'Russian-owned aircraft', 'Standard & Poor', 'international transactions', 'long-haul flight', 'airport hub', 'United States', 'direct trip', 'symbolic dimension', 'sovereign debt', 'monetary policy', 'most cases', 'Western sanctions', 'The Kremlin', 'mock-up banknote', 'simple goal', 'Re)Insurance', 'developing economies', 'sixth scheme', 'chagrin', 'things', 'plan', 'Kazan', 'pictures', 'efforts', 'adoption', 'group', 'Interest', 'Moscow', 'finance', 'flags', 'India', 'China', 'world', 'part', 'bid', 'impact', 'Proposals', 'visitors', 'attempt', 'Euroclear', 'Clearstream', 'stocks', 'bonds', 'restrictions', 'provision', 'ships', 'alternative', 'Fitch', 'Moody', 'attendees', 'project', 'intermediaries', 'systems', 'benefits', 'stopover', 'Swift', 'dollar', 'greenback', 'aspect', 'frustration', 'choice', 'mercy', 'layer', 'protection', 'allies', 'country']",2024-11-18,2024-11-18,foreignpolicy.com
47034,Deutsche Boerse,Bing API,https://www.taiwannews.com.tw/en/news/5974173,Hashdex Nasdaq Crypto Index Europe ETP Surpasses $500 Million,Hashdex  a leading global crypto-focused asset manager  today announced that the Hashdex Nasdaq Crypto Index Europe ETP (“HASH”) has reached $540 million in assets  as of November 14  2024  becoming the first multi-assets crypto ETP in Europe to surpass the $500 million mark and more than doubling the size of the next largest crypto index ETP.,"Largest multi-asset crypto ETP in Europe with $386 million in inflows YTDZurich / Rio de Janeiro  November 18  2024 – Hashdex   a leading global crypto-focused asset manager  today announced that the Hashdex Nasdaq Crypto Index Europe ETP (“HASH”) has reached $540 million in assets   as of November 14  2024  becoming the first multi-assets crypto ETP in Europe to surpass the $500 million mark and more than doubling the size of the next largest crypto index ETP. Further  HASH had $386 million in year-to-date inflows  according to Bloomberg data as of November 14  2024.“The digital asset ecosystem is far more than Bitcoin and Ethereum  and as crypto continues to become more mainstream and its use cases expand  we think it is imperative that global investors have a trusted index product at their disposal "" said Bruno Sousa  Head of Europe at Hashdex. “We’re proud to see investors embrace and adopt our differentiated and industry leading HASH ETP offering  and with the ongoing crypto bull-run driving increased demand for digital assets  we are excited to be at the forefront of meeting the needs of European investors. We strongly believe that a basket of crypto assets offers diversification characteristics compared to just investing in single-asset products  and our continued fee waiver shows our commitment to the long-term interests of our clients.”As part of its mission to enable more investors to participate in the crypto global ecosystem  Hashdex has waived the sponsor fee for HASH until December 31  2024 or until HASH reaches $1 billion in net asset value.HASH tracks the Nasdaq Crypto™ Index (NCI™)  which was developed by Nasdaq® in partnership with Hashdex to provide investors a reliable  dynamic and universal benchmark for crypto assets. The NCI™ is quickly emerging as the leading index for crypto ETFs and ETPs  with products available in Europe  Brazil and other countries. HASH is available on the SIX Swiss Exchange under the ticker symbol SIX: HASH SW  the Deutsche Börse Xetra under HDX1 GY  the Euronext Paris under HASH FP  and the Euronext Amsterdam under HASH NA.About HashdexHashdex is a global pioneer in crypto asset management. Hashdex invites innovative investors to join the emerging crypto economy. Hashdex’s mission is to provide educational resources and best-in-class products that advance its efforts to help build pathways by opening the crypto ecosystem to the world. The firm co-developed the Nasdaq Crypto™ Index (NCI™) with Nasdaq to provide global investors with a reliable benchmark for the crypto asset class. In 2021  Hashdex introduced the world’s first crypto ETFs and other innovative products  enabling over 272 000 investors to simply and securely add crypto to their portfolios. For more information visit www.hashdex.com or follow Hashdex on X or LinkedIn .Disclaimer:This material expresses Hashdex Asset Management Ltd. and its subsidiaries and affiliates (“Hashdex”)'s opinion for informational purposes only and does not consider the investment objectives  financial situation or individual needs of one or a particular group of investors. We recommend consulting specialized professionals for investment decisions. Investors are advised to carefully read the prospectus or regulations before investing their funds.The information and conclusions contained in this material may be changed at any time  without prior notice. Nothing contained herein constitutes an offer  solicitation or recommendation regarding any investment management product or service. This information is not directed at or intended for distribution to or use by any person or entity located in any jurisdiction where such distribution  publication  availability or use would be contrary to applicable law or regulation or which would subject Hashdex to any registration or licensing requirements within such jurisdiction.These opinions are derived from internal studies and do not have access to any confidential information. Please note that future events may not unfold as anticipated by our team’s research and analysis. No part of this material may be (i) copied  photocopied or duplicated in any form by any means or (ii) redistributed without the prior written consent of Hashdex.Bloomberg independently provides its data and calculates its metrics using proprietary methodologies  with no involvement or partnership with Hashdex.By receiving or reviewing this material  you agree that this material is confidential intellectual property of Hashdex and that you will not directly or indirectly copy  modify  recast  publish or redistribute this material and the information therein  in whole or in part  or otherwise make any commercial use of this material without Hashdex’s prior written consent.Investment in any investment vehicle and crypto assets is highly speculative and is not intended as a complete investment program. It is designed only for sophisticated persons who can bear the economic risk of the loss of their entire investment and who have limited need for liquidity in their investment. There can be no assurance that the investment vehicles will achieve its investment objective or return any capital. No guarantee or representation is made that Hashdex’s investment strategy  including  without limitation  its business and investment objectives  diversification strategies or risk monitoring goals  will be successful  and investment results may vary substantially over time.Nothing herein is intended to imply that Hashdex’s investment methodology or that investing in any of the protocols or tokens listed in the Information may be considered “conservative ” “safe ” “risk free ” or “risk averse.” These opinions are derived from internal studies and do not have access to any confidential information. Please note that future events may not unfold as anticipated by our team’s research and analysis.Certain information contained herein (including financial information) has been obtained from published and unpublished sources. Such information has not been independently verified by Hashdex  and Hashdex does not assume responsibility for the accuracy of such information. Hashdex does not provide tax  accounting or legal advice. Certain information contained herein constitutes forward-looking statements  which can be identified by the use of terms such as “may ” “will ” “should ” “expect ” “anticipate ” “project ” “estimate ” “intend ” “continue” “believe” (or the negatives thereof) or other variations thereof. Due to various risks and uncertainties  including those discussed above  actual events or results  the ultimate business or activities of Hashdex and its investment vehicles or the actual performance of Hashdex  its investment vehicles  or digital tokens may differ materially from those reflected or contemplated in such forward-looking statements.As a result  investors should not rely on such forward-looking statements in making their investment decisions. None of the information contained herein has been filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission or any other governmental or self-regulatory authority. No governmental authority has opined on the merits of Hashdex’s investment vehicles  or the adequacy of the information contained herein.Nasdaq® is a registered trademark of Nasdaq  Inc. Corporations make no representation or warranty  whether express or implied  to the owners of the Fund(s) or any member of the public regarding the suitability of investing in securities in general or in the Fund(s) in particular  or the ability of the Nasdaq Crypto Index (NCI) to track overall market performance. The information contained above is provided for informational and educational purposes only  and nothing contained herein should be construed as investment advice  either on behalf of a particular digital asset or an overall investment strategy. Neither Nasdaq  Inc. nor any of its affiliates makes any recommendation to buy or sell any digital asset or any representation about the financial condition of a digital asset. Statements regarding Nasdaq proprietary indexes are not guarantees of future performance. Actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied. Past performance is not indicative of future results. Investors should undertake their own due diligence and carefully evaluate assets before investing. ADVICE FROM A FINANCIAL PROFESSIONAL IS STRONGLY ADVISED.Media Contacts:Switzerland:Reto GerberHirzel.Neef.Schmid.Konsulenten[email protected]+41 78 625 48 32Germany:Stephanie Verena PragerH / Advisors Deekeling Arndt[email protected]+496997098533Global:Kendal Till/Josh GerthDukas Linden Public Relations",neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,mixed,0.31,0.21,0.47,True,English,"['Hashdex Nasdaq Crypto Index Europe ETP', 'next largest crypto index ETP', 'industry leading HASH ETP offering', 'leading global crypto-focused asset manager', 'Hashdex Nasdaq Crypto Index Europe ETP', 'Largest multi-asset crypto ETP', 'Deutsche Börse Xetra', 'first multi-assets crypto ETP', 'ongoing crypto bull-run driving', 'Hashdex Asset Management Ltd', 'crypto asset management', 'trusted index product', 'net asset value', 'Nasdaq Crypto™ Index', 'Rio de Janeiro', 'emerging crypto economy', 'crypto asset class', 'first crypto ETFs', 'digital asset ecosystem', 'confidential intellectual property', 'crypto global ecosystem', 'investment management product', 'SIX Swiss Exchange', 'complete investment program', 'leading index', 'other innovative products', 'prior written consent', 'crypto ecosystem', 'global pioneer', 'crypto assets', 'other countries', 'class products', 'digital assets', 'global investors', '$386 million in', '$500 million mark', 'Bruno Sousa', 'diversification characteristics', 'single-asset products', 'fee waiver', 'long-term interests', 'sponsor fee', 'reliable, dynamic', 'universal benchmark', 'ticker symbol', 'HDX1 GY', 'Euronext Paris', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'educational resources', 'reliable benchmark', 'informational purposes', 'investment objectives', 'financial situation', 'particular group', 'specialized professionals', 'investment decisions', 'prior notice', 'applicable law', 'licensing requirements', 'internal studies', 'future events', 'proprietary methodologies', 'investment vehicle', 'sophisticated persons', 'economic risk', 'entire investment', 'innovative investors', 'HASH SW', 'HASH FP', 'HASH NA', 'confidential information', 'date inflows', 'use cases', 'individual needs', 'commercial use', 'European investors', 'The NCI™', 'Bloomberg data', 'Nasdaq®', '272,000 investors', 'YTD', 'Zurich', 'November', 'size', 'year', 'Bitcoin', 'Ethereum', 'disposal', 'Head', 'differentiated', 'demand', 'forefront', 'basket', 'commitment', 'clients', 'mission', 'December', 'partnership', 'ETPs', 'Brazil', 'efforts', 'pathways', 'world', 'firm', 'portfolios', 'LinkedIn', 'Disclaimer', 'material', 'subsidiaries', 'affiliates', 'opinion', 'prospectus', 'regulations', 'funds', 'conclusions', 'time', 'Nothing', 'solicitation', 'recommendation', 'service', 'distribution', 'entity', 'jurisdiction', 'publication', 'availability', 'registration', 'access', 'team', 'research', 'analysis', 'means', 'metrics', 'involvement', 'loss', 'liquidity', 'assurance']",2024-11-18,2024-11-18,taiwannews.com.tw
47035,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://zycrypto.com/blockdag-presale-nears-123m-as-mainnet-wraps-up-bnb-rallies-and-sui-targets-new-highs/,BlockDAG Presale Nears $123M as Mainnet Wraps Up  BNB Rallies  and SUI Targets New Highs,The crypto market is excited as top coins gear up to achieve new milestones. BNB is shy of its all-time high  sparking speculation about record-breaking growth by year-end. Meanwhile  SUI Coin’s surge to $3.51 reflects its expanding ecosystem  fueled by major…,AdvertisementThe crypto market is excited as top coins gear up to achieve new milestones. BNB is shy of its all-time high  sparking speculation about record-breaking growth by year-end. Meanwhile  SUI Coin’s surge to $3.51 reflects its expanding ecosystem  fueled by major partnerships and growing adoption.BlockDAG (BDAG) is emerging as the one to beat this bull run with a massive $122.5 million presale and highly anticipated main net development completion  setting new standards in blockchain innovation. As the bull market heats up  BlockDAG’s unmatched ROI and exclusive bonuses are making waves  positioning it as the next big opportunity in crypto. The race is on  and BlockDAG is leading the charge.BNB ATH: Can It Reach New Records by Year-End?BNB is gearing up for a massive comeback. Its price climbed to $662 this November  just shy of its all-time high of $717 set earlier this year. This rally has reignited excitement among analysts  with many predicting BNB could hit new heights before year-end.The token’s recovery from last year’s dip to $205 showcases its resilience  as macroeconomic shifts like Fed rate cuts and pro-crypto sentiment fuel demand for Binance Coin. Currently trading around $633  BNB is only 11% away from retesting its peak. If momentum holds  BNB could close 2024 stronger than ever  cementing its status as one of the market’s top-performing tokens.AdvertisementSUI Price Prediction: Why Analysts Are Eyeing $5SUI Coin is on fire. On November 14  2024  its price climbed to $3.51  marking a new all-time high. This impressive rally reflects the rapid adoption of the Sui Network  a layer-1 blockchain recognized for its scalability and low transaction fees.Total Value Locked (TVL) on Sui has surged past $1.4 billion  highlighting its growing ecosystem. Recent milestones include VanEck’s launch of the Sui ETN on Euronext  providing institutional access to SUI tokens. Additionally  partnerships like MemeFi’s integration on Sui highlight its expanding use cases. Analysts predict SUI could reach $5 soon  solidifying its position as a top-performing blockchain asset.BlockDAG Rises Above Rivals in the Current Bull MarketThis crypto bull run is firing on all cylinders  with BNB closing in on its all-time high and SUI eyeing $5 after explosive growth in TVL and high-profile partnerships. However  the real showstopper is BlockDAG! This rising star has been smashing records and setting new standards in the blockchain world.BlockDAG’s presale has hit an astounding $122.5 million  with over 15.3 billion coins sold  proving it’s not just riding the wave but creating it. Currently  in batch 26 at a steal of $0.0234 per coin  the project boasts a jaw-dropping 2240% ROI since batch 1.The best part is that BlockDAG isn’t slowing down! Its Mainnet development is officially complete and undergoing rigorous auditing — a clear signal that the project is ready to dominate.BlockDAG’s soon-expiring BULLRUN100 bonus code adds more fuel to the fire. This limited-time offer doubles coin purchases and grants holders early access to the project’s airdrop  giving savvy buyers a head start before BlockDAG makes its market debut.While BNB and SUI are making noise  BlockDAG is rewriting the rules. Its innovative ecosystem  combined with unmatched rewards like the BULLRUN100 bonus  makes it the ultimate pick for crypto enthusiasts chasing the next big thing. The bull run is here  and BlockDAG is leading the charge. So  now’s the chance to ride this rocket to the top.Key Takeaways: Next Crypto Bull RunAs the crypto bull run intensifies  BNB edges closer to breaking its all-time high  and SUI’s rapid rise highlights its growing influence in the blockchain world.BlockDAG is stealing the spotlight in this bull run with its record-breaking presale  innovative ecosystem  and unmatched rewards—the BULLRUN100 bonus and Mainnet development completion position BlockDAG as a true game-changer in the market.While other cryptos make headlines  BlockDAG offers traders a chance to join a project primed for exponential growth. In a market filled with opportunities  BlockDAG stands out as a leader—ready to shape the future of blockchain.Presale: https://purchase.blockdag.networkWebsite: https://blockdag.networkTelegram: https://t.me/blockDAGnetworkOfficialDiscord: https://discord.gg/Q7BxghMVyu,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.34,0.36,0.3,True,English,"['BlockDAG Presale', 'Mainnet Wraps', 'BNB Rallies', 'New Highs', 'SUI', 'main net development completion', 'pro-crypto sentiment fuel demand', 'Mainnet development completion position', 'Next Crypto Bull Run', 'record-breaking presale, innovative ecosystem', 'next big opportunity', 'next big thing', 'Fed rate cuts', 'low transaction fees', 'expanding use cases', 'massive $122.5 million presale', 'BULLRUN100 bonus code', 'top-performing blockchain asset', 'Current Bull Market', 'blockdag.network Telegram', 'SUI Price Prediction', 'record-breaking growth', 'expanding ecosystem', 'massive comeback', 'top-performing tokens', 'growing ecosystem', 'crypto enthusiasts', 'network Website', 'crypto market', 'new milestones', 'growing adoption', 'new standards', 'blockchain innovation', 'unmatched ROI', 'exclusive bonuses', 'new heights', 'last year', 'macroeconomic shifts', 'rapid adoption', 'layer-1 blockchain', 'Total Value', 'Recent milestones', 'institutional access', 'explosive growth', 'real showstopper', 'rising star', 'blockchain world', '15.3 billion coins', 'dropping 2240% ROI', 'best part', 'rigorous auditing', 'clear signal', 'limited-time offer', 'early access', 'savvy buyers', 'head start', 'unmatched rewards', 'ultimate pick', 'Key Takeaways', 'rapid rise', 'growing influence', 'true game-changer', 'other cryptos', 'exponential growth', 'Sui Network', 'Binance Coin', 'coin purchases', 'market debut', 'major partnerships', 'high-profile partnerships', 'Sui ETN', 'SUI tokens', 'top coins', 'New Records', 'impressive rally', 'SUI Coin', 'BNB ATH', 'predicting BNB', 'Advertisement', 'speculation', 'year-end', 'surge', 'BDAG', 'waves', 'race', 'charge', 'excitement', 'analysts', 'recovery', 'dip', 'resilience', 'peak', 'momentum', 'status', 'fire', 'November', 'scalability', 'TVL', 'VanEck', 'launch', 'Euronext', 'MemeFi', 'integration', 'Rivals', 'cylinders', 'astounding', 'batch', 'steal', 'project', 'jaw', 'holders', 'airdrop', 'noise', 'rules', 'chance', 'rocket', 'spotlight', 'headlines', 'traders', 'opportunities', 'leader', 'future', 'blockDAGnetworkOfficial', 'Discord', 'gg', 'Q7BxghMVyu']",2024-11-17,2024-11-18,zycrypto.com
47036,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.etfdailynews.com/2024/11/17/apollon-wealth-management-llc-boosts-stock-holdings-in-public-storage-nysepsa/,Apollon Wealth Management LLC Boosts Stock Holdings in Public Storage (NYSE:PSA),Apollon Wealth Management LLC raised its holdings in Public Storage (NYSE:PSA – Free Report) by 26.5% during the third quarter  according to its most recent filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The institutional investor owned 1 688 shares of t…,Apollon Wealth Management LLC raised its holdings in Public Storage (NYSE:PSA – Free Report) by 26.5% during the third quarter  according to its most recent filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The institutional investor owned 1 688 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock after purchasing an additional 354 shares during the quarter. Apollon Wealth Management LLC’s holdings in Public Storage were worth $614 000 as of its most recent filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission.Other institutional investors and hedge funds also recently added to or reduced their stakes in the company. Bleakley Financial Group LLC boosted its stake in shares of Public Storage by 4.9% in the first quarter. Bleakley Financial Group LLC now owns 1 230 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock valued at $357 000 after buying an additional 57 shares in the last quarter. Intech Investment Management LLC grew its stake in shares of Public Storage by 91.5% during the 1st quarter. Intech Investment Management LLC now owns 3 743 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock worth $1 086 000 after purchasing an additional 1 788 shares during the period. Trustmark National Bank Trust Department purchased a new position in shares of Public Storage in the 1st quarter valued at about $204 000. O Shaughnessy Asset Management LLC lifted its stake in shares of Public Storage by 18.5% in the first quarter. O Shaughnessy Asset Management LLC now owns 11 649 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock valued at $3 379 000 after purchasing an additional 1 819 shares during the period. Finally  Clearbridge Investments LLC boosted its holdings in Public Storage by 0.3% during the first quarter. Clearbridge Investments LLC now owns 863 999 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock worth $250 612 000 after buying an additional 2 971 shares in the last quarter. Institutional investors and hedge funds own 78.79% of the company’s stock.Get Public Storage alerts:Public Storage Price PerformanceShares of NYSE:PSA opened at $335.01 on Friday. The company has a market cap of $58.66 billion  a P/E ratio of 34.79  a P/E/G ratio of 5.57 and a beta of 0.70. The business has a fifty day simple moving average of $345.99 and a 200-day simple moving average of $313.88. Public Storage has a 52 week low of $251.49 and a 52 week high of $369.99. The company has a quick ratio of 0.97  a current ratio of 0.97 and a debt-to-equity ratio of 1.77.Public Storage Announces DividendWall Street Analysts Forecast GrowthThe business also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend  which will be paid on Monday  December 30th. Stockholders of record on Friday  December 13th will be paid a dividend of $3.00 per share. This represents a $12.00 dividend on an annualized basis and a dividend yield of 3.58%. The ex-dividend date is Friday  December 13th. Public Storage’s dividend payout ratio is currently 124.61%.A number of equities research analysts have recently issued reports on the stock. Jefferies Financial Group lifted their price target on shares of Public Storage from $360.00 to $422.00 and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research report on Wednesday  September 18th. Evercore ISI lowered their target price on Public Storage from $343.00 to $338.00 and set an “in-line” rating on the stock in a report on Monday  October 14th. Citigroup lifted their price target on Public Storage from $303.00 to $378.00 and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a research note on Friday  August 30th. Royal Bank of Canada lowered their price objective on shares of Public Storage from $358.00 to $344.00 and set a “sector perform” rating on the stock in a research note on Friday  November 8th. Finally  Bank of America cut shares of Public Storage from a “buy” rating to a “neutral” rating and set a $318.00 target price for the company. in a research report on Monday  August 5th. One research analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating  six have given a hold rating  six have given a buy rating and two have assigned a strong buy rating to the company. According to data from MarketBeat.com  Public Storage has an average rating of “Moderate Buy” and an average price target of $339.64.View Our Latest Research Report on PSAPublic Storage Company Profile(Free Report)Public Storage  a member of the S&P 500 and FT Global 500  is a REIT that primarily acquires  develops  owns  and operates self-storage facilities. At December 31  2023  we had: (i) interests in 3 044 self-storage facilities located in 40 states with approximately 218 million net rentable square feet in the United States and (ii) a 35% common equity interest in Shurgard Self Storage Limited (Euronext Brussels: SHUR)  which owned 275 self-storage facilities located in seven Western European nations with approximately 15 million net rentable square feet operated under the Shurgard brand.Further ReadingWant to see what other hedge funds are holding PSA? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Public Storage (NYSE:PSA – Free Report).Receive News & Ratings for Public Storage Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Public Storage and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,positive,0.73,0.26,0.01,True,English,"['Apollon Wealth Management LLC', 'Stock Holdings', 'Public Storage', 'NYSE', 'PSA', '218 million net rentable square feet', '15 million net rentable square feet', 'Wall Street Analysts Forecast Growth', 'O Shaughnessy Asset Management LLC', 'fifty day simple moving average', 'Trustmark National Bank Trust Department', '200-day simple moving average', 'Apollon Wealth Management LLC', 'Intech Investment Management LLC', 'real estate investment trust', 'seven Western European nations', 'Bleakley Financial Group LLC', 'Public Storage Price Performance Shares', 'PSA Public Storage Company Profile', 'Shurgard Self Storage Limited', 'Jefferies Financial Group', 'Clearbridge Investments LLC', 'equities research analysts', 'latest 13F filings', '35% common equity interest', 'One research analyst', 'average price target', 'sector perform” rating', 'Public Storage alerts', 'Public Storage Announces', 'Other institutional investors', 'other hedge funds', 'Latest Research Report', 'strong buy rating', 'dividend payout ratio', 'average rating', 'Shurgard brand', 'target price', 'equity ratio', 'Royal Bank', 'price objective', 'research note', 'buy” rating', 'P/E ratio', 'P/E/G ratio', 'quick ratio', 'current ratio', 'Moderate Buy', 'neutral” rating', 'sell rating', 'hold rating', 'Free Report', 'recent filing', 'Exchange Commission', 'new position', 'market cap', 'annualized basis', 'ex-dividend date', 'Evercore ISI', 'MarketBeat.com', 'S&P 500', 'FT Global 500', 'self-storage facilities', 'Euronext Brussels', 'insider trades', 'third quarter', 'first quarter', 'last quarter', '1st quarter', 'NYSE:PSA', 'quarterly dividend', 'dividend yield', 'additional 354 shares', 'additional 57 shares', 'additional 1,788 shares', 'additional 1,819 shares', 'additional 2,971 shares', 'United States', 'December 30th', '$12.00 dividend', '1,688 shares', '1,230 shares', '3,743 shares', '11,649 shares', '863,999 shares', '40 states', 'holdings', 'Securities', 'stock', 'stakes', 'period', 'Friday', 'beta', 'business', '52 week', 'debt', 'Monday', 'record', 'number', 'reports', 'Wednesday', 'September', 'line', 'October', 'Citigroup', 'August', 'Canada', 'November', 'America', 'data', 'member', 'REIT', 'interests', 'Reading']",2024-11-17,2024-11-18,etfdailynews.com
47037,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.taiwannews.com.tw/en/news/5974081,STMicroelectronics Announces Status of Common Share Repurchase Program,STMicroelectronics N.V. (registered with the trade register under number 33194537) (LEI: 213800Z8NOHIKRI42W10) announces the repurchase (by a broker acting for the Company) on the regulated market of Euronext Paris  in the period between Nov 11 ...,STMicroelectronics Announces Status ofCommon Share Repurchase ProgramDisclosure of Transactions in Own Shares – Period from Nov 11  2024 to Nov 15  2024AMSTERDAM – November 18  2024 -- STMicroelectronics N.V. (the “Company” or “STMicroelectronics”)  a global semiconductor leader serving customers across the spectrum of electronics applications  announces full details of its common share repurchase program (the “Program”) disclosed via a press release dated June 21  2024. The Program was approved by a shareholder resolution dated May 22  2024 and by the supervisory board.STMicroelectronics N.V. (registered with the trade register under number 33194537) (LEI: 213800Z8NOHIKRI42W10) announces the repurchase (by a broker acting for the Company) on the regulated market of Euronext Paris  in the period between Nov 11  2024 to Nov 15  2024 (the “Period”)  of 474 885 ordinary shares (equal to 0.05% of its issued share capital) at the weighted average purchase price per share of EUR 24.8463 and for an overall price of EUR 11 799 157.72.The purpose of these transactions under article 5(2) of Regulation (EU) 596/2014 (the Market Abuse Regulation) was to meet obligations arising from share option programmes  or other allocations of shares  to employees or to members of the administrative  management or supervisory bodies of the issuer or of an associate company.The shares may be held in treasury prior to being used for such purpose and  to the extent that they are not ultimately needed for such purpose  they may be used for any other lawful purpose under article 5(2) of the Market Abuse Regulation.Below is a summary of the repurchase transactions made in the course of the Period in relation to the ordinary shares of STMicroelectronics (ISIN: NL0000226223)  in detailed form.Transactions in PeriodDates of transaction Number of shares purchased Weighted average purchase price per share (EUR) Total amount paid (EUR) Market on which the shares were bought (MIC code) 11-Nov-24 74 000 25.2502 1 868 514.80 XPAR 12-Nov-24 24 885 25.3729 631 404.62 XPAR 13-Nov-24 127 000 24.7482 3 143 021.40 XPAR 14-Nov-24 123 000 24.9243 3 065 688.90 XPAR 15-Nov-24 126 000 24.5280 3 090 528.00 XPAR Total for Period 474 885 24.8463 11 799 157.72Following the share buybacks detailed above  the Company holds in total 12 576 241 treasury shares  which represents approximately 1.4% of the Company’s issued share capital.In accordance with Article 5(1)(b) of the Market Abuse Regulation and Article 2(3) of Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2016/1052  a full breakdown of the individual trades in the Program are disclosed on the ST website (https://investors.st.com/stock-and-bond-information/share-buyback).About STMicroelectronicsAt ST  we are over 50 000 creators and makers of semiconductor technologies mastering the semiconductor supply chain with state-of-the-art manufacturing facilities. An integrated device manufacturer  we work with more than 200 000 customers and thousands of partners to design and build products  solutions  and ecosystems that address their challenges and opportunities  and the need to support a more sustainable world. Our technologies enable smarter mobility  more efficient power and energy management  and the wide-scale deployment of cloud-connected autonomous things. We are committed to achieving our goal to become carbon neutral on scope 1 and 2 and partially scope 3 by 2027. Further information can be found at www.st.com.For further information  please contact:INVESTOR RELATIONS:Jérôme RamelEVP Corporate Development & Integrated External CommunicationTel: +41.22.929.59.20[email protected]MEDIA RELATIONS:Alexis BretonCorporate External CommunicationsTel: +33.6.59.16.79.08[email protected]Attachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.02,0.96,0.02,True,English,"['Common Share Repurchase Program', 'STMicroelectronics', 'Status', 'Jérôme Ramel', 'Common Share Repurchase Program', 'art manufacturing facilities', 'integrated device manufacturer', 'cloud-connected autonomous things', 'EVP Corporate Development', 'Integrated External Communication', 'Corporate External Communications', 'global semiconductor leader', 'average purchase price', 'semiconductor supply chain', 'Commission Delegated Regulation', 'share option programmes', 'Market Abuse Regulation', 'STMicroelectronics N.V.', 'other lawful purpose', 'overall price', 'other allocations', 'regulated market', 'share capital', 'share buybacks', 'semiconductor technologies', 'electronics applications', 'full details', 'press release', 'shareholder resolution', 'supervisory board', 'trade register', 'Euronext Paris', 'administrative, management', 'supervisory bodies', 'repurchase transactions', 'detailed form', 'MIC code', 'full breakdown', 'individual trades', 'sustainable world', 'smarter mobility', 'efficient power', 'energy management', 'wide-scale deployment', 'INVESTOR RELATIONS', 'MEDIA RELATIONS', 'Alexis Breton', 'Total amount', 'ST website', 'investors.st', 'Own Shares', '474,885 ordinary shares', 'Further information', 'associate company', 'Period Dates', '12,576,241 treasury shares', 'XPAR Total', 'Status', 'Disclosure', 'Nov', 'AMSTERDAM', 'customers', 'spectrum', 'June', 'May', 'number', 'LEI', '213800Z8NOHIKRI42W', 'broker', 'article', 'obligations', 'employees', 'members', 'issuer', 'extent', 'summary', 'course', 'ISIN', 'accordance', 'bond', '50,000 creators', 'makers', 'state', 'thousands', 'partners', 'products', 'solutions', 'ecosystems', 'challenges', 'opportunities', 'need', 'goal', 'scope', 'Attachment']",2024-11-18,2024-11-18,taiwannews.com.tw
47038,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.taiwannews.com.tw/en/news/5974249,"PHAXIAM Presented its IVD Phagogram test and updated phage susceptibility tracking at the first ""Phagogram Day""",PHAXIAM’s phagogram represents a robust solution to guide physicians in selecting phage-based treatments. It also plays a critical role in monitoring antimicrobial resistance (AMR)  as the first in-vitro diagnostic (IVD) test dedicated to evaluating phage activity with CE marking.,"PHAXIAM Presented its IVD Phagogram test and updated phage susceptibility tracking at the first ""Phagogram Day""This event  organized in collaboration with Phage Canada and bringing together international experts  highlighted the growing interest in phage therapy and the urgent need for a reference method for phagogram on an international scalePHAXIAM phages demonstrated outstanding performance against clinical bacterial strainsLyon (France) – November 18  2024  at 06:00 p.m. CET – PHAXIAM Therapeutics (Euronext: PHXM - FR0011471135)  hereafter “The Company” or PHAXIAM  a biopharmaceutical company developing innovative treatments for severe and resistant bacterial infections  presented the latest susceptibility data of bacterial strains to its phages during the first ""Phagogram Day""  held on November 14  in Lyon.Organized by PHAXIAM in collaboration with Phage Canada – a non-profit organization uniting stakeholder in phage therapy across Canada – the ""Phagogram Day"" has generated technical-scientific exchanges focusing on the development of phagograms  in-vitro tests designed to assess the susceptibility of clinical bacterial strains to phages. Experts from different countries (Canada  Australia  Germany  Sweden  Belgium and France) gathered to discuss advances in this field  including methodologies and biological reagents used in diagnostics  while sharing best practices.For this first edition  PHAXIAM presented the regulatory and technical framework for developing its phagogram test  alongside insights from over 398 clinical strain analyses.PHAXIAM’s phagogram represents a robust solution to guide physicians in selecting phage-based treatments. It also plays a critical role in monitoring antimicrobial resistance (AMR)  as the first in-vitro diagnostic (IVD) test dedicated to evaluating phage activity with CE marking.During the event  PHAXIAM unveiled updates on phage susceptibility tracking  reaffirming the outstanding performance of its phage candidates  which are currently used in compassionate clinical practice.Bacterial infections caused by Staphylococcus aureus (S. aureus):Sensitivity observed through H1 2024: 98.7% of strains were susceptible to at least one anti-S. aureus phage (PP1493 and PP1815).Bacterial infections caused by Pseudomonas aeruginosa (P. aeruginosa):Sensitivity observed through H1 2024: 71.3% of strains susceptible to at least one of the anti-P-aeruginosa phage (PP1450  PP1777  PP1782 and PP1797).Dr. Rafael Gomes Von Borowski  Head of Diagnostics & Development at PHAXIAM  stated: ""We are thrilled this highly enriching event and deeply grateful to Phage Canada  especially Dr. Gregory German  for his unwavering support in its organization. Together with the attending experts  we recognized a shared need: as interest in phage therapy grows globally  the importance of reliable diagnostic support becomes undeniable. These promising results underscore the potential of PHAXIAM’s phagogram development strategy and offer real hope for patients and clinicians alike.""About Phage CanadaPhage Canada was informally established in 2020 to connect researchers and practitioners working on phage research and applications in Canada. Following two highly successful events that highlighted the demand for a more formal structure  Phage Canada was founded as a non-profit organization in 2023 by Dr. Alexander Hynes and Dr. Greg German.For more information  please visit www.phagecanada.caAbout PHAXIAM TherapeuticsPHAXIAM is a biopharmaceutical company developing innovative treatments for resistant bacterial infections  which are responsible for many serious infections. The company is building on an innovative approach based on the use of phages  natural bacterial-killing viruses. PHAXIAM is developing a portfolio of phages targeting 3 of the most resistant and dangerous bacteria  which together account for more than two-thirds of resistant hospital-acquired infections: Staphylococcus aureus  Escherichia coli and Pseudomonas aeruginosa.PHAXIAM is listed on the Euronext regulated market in Paris (ISIN code: FR0011471135  ticker: PHXM). PHAXIAM is part of the CAC Healthcare  CAC Pharma & Bio  CAC Mid & Small  CAC All Tradable  EnterNext PEA-PME 150 and Next Biotech indexesFor more information  please visit www.phaxiam.comContactsPHAXIAMThibaut du FayetCEO+33 4 78 74 44 38[email protected]NewCap Mathilde Bohin / Dušan OrešanskýInvestor RelationsArthur RouilléMedia Relations+33 1 44 71 94 94[email protected]Forecast informationThis press release contains forward-looking statements  forecasts and estimates with respect to the clinical programs  development plans  business and regulatory strategy and anticipated future performance of PHAXIAM and of the market in which it operates. Certain of these statements  forecasts and estimates can be recognized by the use of words such as  without limitation  “believes”  “anticipates”  “expects”  “intends”  “plans”  “seeks”  “estimates”  “may”  “will” and “continue” and similar expressions. All statements contained in this press release other than statements of historical facts are forward-looking statements. Such statements  forecasts and estimates are based on various assumptions and assessments of known and unknown risks  uncertainties and other factors  which were deemed reasonable when made but may or may not prove to be correct. Actual events are difficult to predict and may depend upon factors that are beyond PHAXIAM’s control. Therefore  actual results may turn out to be materially different from the anticipated future results  performance or achievements expressed or implied by such statements  forecasts and estimates. Investor should carefully read the risk factors section of the Company which can be found in the Company’s regulatory filings with the French Autorité des Marchés Financiers (AMF)  including in the Company’s 2023 Universal Registration Document (Document d’Enregistrement Universel) filed with the AMF on April 5  2024 and future filings and reports by the Company. Given these uncertainties  no representations are made as to the accuracy or fairness of such forward-looking statements  forecasts and estimates. Furthermore  forward-looking statements  forecasts and estimates only speak as of the date of this press release. PHAXIAM disclaims any obligation to update any such forward-looking statement  forecast or estimates to reflect any change in PHAXIAM’s expectations with regard thereto  or any change in events  conditions or circumstances on which any such statement  forecast or estimate is based  except to the extent required by law.Attachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.63,0.25,0.12,True,English,"['IVD Phagogram test', 'phage susceptibility tracking', 'first ""Phagogram Day', 'PHAXIAM', 'Dr. Rafael Gomes Von Borowski', 'two highly successful events', 'Thibaut du Fayet CEO', 'Dušan Orešanský', 'Arthur Rouillé Media Relations', 'Dr. Gregory German', 'Dr. Alexander Hynes', 'Dr. Greg German', 'natural bacterial-killing viruses', 'Next Biotech indexes', 'NewCap Mathilde Bohin', '398 clinical strain analyses', 'compassionate clinical practice', 'many serious infections', 'latest susceptibility data', 'resistant hospital-acquired infections', 'reliable diagnostic support', 'resistant bacterial infections', 'phage susceptibility tracking', 'clinical bacterial strains', 'first ""Phagogram Day', 'IVD Phagogram test', 'Euronext regulated market', 'phagogram development strategy', 'Investor Relations', 'IVD) test', 'clinical programs', 'vitro diagnostic', 'unwavering support', 'first edition', 'phage therapy', 'phage activity', 'phage candidates', 'aureus phage', 'anti-P-aeruginosa phage', 'phage research', 'reference method', 'international scale', 'outstanding performance', 'innovative treatments', 'technical-scientific exchanges', 'vitro tests', 'different countries', 'biological reagents', 'best practices', 'technical framework', 'robust solution', 'phage-based treatments', 'critical role', 'antimicrobial resistance', 'CE marking', 'Staphylococcus aureus', 'S. aureus', 'one anti-S.', 'Pseudomonas aeruginosa', 'P. aeruginosa', 'promising results', 'real hope', 'formal structure', 'innovative approach', 'dangerous bacteria', 'Escherichia coli', 'ISIN code', 'EnterNext PEA-PME', 'press release', 'regulatory strategy', 'future performance', 'similar expressions', 'Phage Canada', 'The Company', 'biopharmaceutical company', 'international experts', 'non-profit organization', 'attending experts', 'growing interest', 'urgent need', 'CAC Healthcare', 'CAC Pharma', 'enriching event', 'Forecast information', 'looking statements', 'development plans', 'PHAXIAM Therapeutics', 'PHAXIAM phages', 'collaboration', 'Lyon', 'France', 'November', 'CET', 'PHXM', 'severe', 'stakeholder', 'phagograms', 'Australia', 'Germany', 'Sweden', 'Belgium', 'advances', 'field', 'methodologies', 'diagnostics', 'insights', 'physicians', 'AMR', 'updates', 'Sensitivity', 'H1', 'PP1797', 'Head', 'importance', 'potential', 'patients', 'clinicians', 'researchers', 'practitioners', 'applications', 'demand', 'phagecanada', 'portfolio', 'two-thirds', 'Paris', 'ticker', 'part', 'Contacts', 'forward', 'forecasts', 'estimates', 'respect', 'business', 'words', 'limitation', 'believes', 'expects', 'seeks', 'may', '06:00']",2024-11-19,2024-11-18,taiwannews.com.tw
47039,EuroNext,Bing API,https://markets.businessinsider.com/news/stocks/publication-relating-to-transparency-notifications-1034032851,Publication relating to transparency notifications,Mont-Saint-Guibert(Belgium)  November 18  2024  10:30 pm CET / 4:30 pm ET – In accordance with article 14 of the Act of 2 May 2007 on the disclosure of large shareholdings  Nyxoah SA (Euronext Brussels/Nasdaq: NYXH) announces that it received a ...,REGULATED INFORMATIONPublication relating to transparency notificationsMont-Saint-Guibert(Belgium)  November 18  2024  10:30 pm CET / 4:30 pm ET – In accordance with article 14 of the Act of 2 May 2007 on the disclosure of large shareholdings  Nyxoah SA (Euronext Brussels/Nasdaq: NYXH) announces that it received a transparency notification as detailed below.On November 15  2024  Nyxoah received a transparency notification from ResMed Inc. following the passive crossing of a threshold. Based on the notification  ResMed Inc. holds 1 727 864 voting rights  representing 4.62% of the total number of voting rights on October 9  2024 (37 389 015).The notification dated November 5  2024 contains the following information:Reason for the notification : passive crossing of a threshold: passive crossing of a threshold Notification by : a person that notifies alone: a person that notifies alone Persons subject to the notification requirement : ResMed Inc. (with address at 9001 Spectrum Center Boulevard  San Diego  CA 92123  USA): Date on which the threshold was crossed : October 9  2024: October 9  2024 Threshold that is crossed : 5%: 5% Denominator : 37 389 015: 37 389 015 Notified details :A) Voting rights Previous notification After the transaction# of voting rights # of voting rights % of voting rights Holders of voting rightsLinked to securities Not linked to the securities Linked to securities Not linked to the securities ResMed Inc. 1 619 756 1 727 864TOTAL 1 727 864 0 4.62% 0.00%Full chain of controlled undertakings through which the holding is effectively held : No indirect holding of voting securities. ResMed Inc. is not a controlled entity.** *Contact:NyxoahJohn Landry  CFOIR@nyxoah.comAttachment,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.01,neutral,0.02,0.95,0.02,True,English,"['transparency notifications', 'Publication', '9001 Spectrum Center Boulevard', 'REGULATED INFORMATION Publication', 'following information', 'transparency notifications', 'large shareholdings', 'Euronext Brussels/Nasdaq', 'ResMed Inc.', 'passive crossing', '1,727,864 voting rights', 'total number', 'San Diego', 'Full chain', 'controlled undertakings', 'controlled entity', 'John Landry', 'notification requirement', 'Previous notification', 'indirect holding', 'Nyxoah SA', 'voting securities', 'threshold Notification', 'Mont-Saint-Guibert', 'Belgium', 'November', 'accordance', 'article', 'Act', '2 May', 'disclosure', 'NYXH', 'October', 'Reason', 'person', 'address', 'CA 92123', 'USA', 'Date', 'Denominator', 'details', 'Holders', 'CFO', 'Attachment', '10:30', '4:30']",2024-11-18,2024-11-18,markets.businessinsider.com
47040,EuroNext,Bing API,https://uk.finance.yahoo.com/news/vivendi-sees-canal-havas-2024-071148697.html,Vivendi sees steady growth for Havas  Canal+ ahead of spin-offs,"Vivendi expects the two units to record full-year revenue growth broadly in line with that of 2023  with organic net revenue between -1% and 0% for Havas. For Canal+  ""the potential finalisation of the pending MultiChoice control acquisition would significantly impact the financial profile of the Group in the medium-term in Africa and overall ",By Alban Kacher  Leo Marchandon and Gianluca Lo Nostro(Reuters) -Vivendi on Monday projected moderate earnings growth for Canal+ and Havas  set to be spun off as part of the French media conglomerate's proposed break-up  ahead of their investor day events.The group led by tycoon Vincent Bolloré plans to list Canal+ in London while keeping it based in France  and move its Havas advertising arm to Amsterdam for a Netherlands listing.A third entity  Louis Hachette  comprising Vivendi's publishing and distribution assets  would be listed on the Euronext Growth market in Paris.Canal+ holds its Capital Markets Day on Monday  and Havas the day after.Vivendi expects Canal+'s adjusted core profit (EBITA) margin to grow moderately in the medium term  driven by cost control measures and the integration of assets transferred from Vivendi.Havas' adjusted EBITA is set to exceed 300 million euros ($316 million) this year thanks to controlled operating costs.Vivendi expects both units' 2024 revenue development to be broadly in line with that of last year  with organic net revenue of between -1% and 0% for Havas. It did not specify a range for Canal+ which last year posted organic growth of 2.9%.The demerger will replicate Vivendi's shareholding structure in the three new companies  excluding shares directly or indirectly held by the parent company  based on the updated prospectus published on Friday.Post-distribution  Bolloré  who currently owns 29.9% of Vivendi  would increase his stakes to around 31% in each of the spun-off entities.Unlike Vivendi's current listing on Euronext Paris  the three floating destinations will not require a public offering if a shareholder's stake exceeds 30%.Yannick Bollore  chairman of Vivendi's supervisory board  last month estimated the total value of Vivendi's assets at around 16 billion euros  with Canal+  Havas and Louis Hachette being worth about 6.8 billion  3.4 billion and 2.1 billion euros respectively.However  UBS analysts value Canal+ and Havas at about 3.9 billion euros and 2.3 billion euros respectively  they said on Monday.($1 = 0.9487 euros)(Reporting by Alban Kacher  Gianluca Lo Nostro and Leo Marchandon in GdanskEditing by Mark Potter and Milla Nissi),positive,0.56,0.44,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.97,0.02,True,English,"['steady growth', 'Vivendi', 'Havas', 'Canal+', 'spin-offs', 'French media conglomerate', 'investor day events', 'Capital Markets Day', 'cost control measures', ""units' 2024 revenue development"", 'three new companies', 'three floating destinations', 'moderate earnings growth', 'organic net revenue', 'Euronext Growth market', 'tycoon Vincent Bolloré', 'Gianluca Lo Nostro', 'Havas advertising arm', 'organic growth', 'Alban Kacher', 'Leo Marchandon', 'Netherlands listing', 'third entity', 'Louis Hachette', 'core profit', 'medium term', 'operating costs', 'last year', 'shareholding structure', 'parent company', 'updated prospectus', 'off entities', 'current listing', 'Euronext Paris', 'public offering', 'Yannick Bollore', 'supervisory board', 'total value', 'UBS analysts', 'Mark Potter', 'Milla Nissi', '300 million euros', '16 billion euros', '2.1 billion euros', '3.9 billion euros', '2.3 billion euros', 'EBITA) margin', 'distribution assets', '0.9487 euros', 'Reuters', 'Vivendi', 'Monday', 'Canal+', 'part', 'break-up', 'group', 'London', 'France', 'Amsterdam', 'publishing', 'integration', 'line', 'range', 'demerger', 'shares', 'Friday', 'Post-distribution', 'stakes', 'spun', 'shareholder', 'chairman', 'GdanskEditing']",2024-11-18,2024-11-18,uk.finance.yahoo.com
47041,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20241118756088/en/Teleperformance-SE-Statement-on-Transactions-on-Own-Shares-Carried-out-From-November-12-to-November-15-2024-Inclusive,Teleperformance SE: Statement on Transactions on Own Shares Carried out From November 12 to November 15  2024 (Inclusive),Teleperformance shares are traded on the Euronext Paris market  Compartment A  and are eligible for the deferred settlement service. They are included in the following indices: CAC 40  STOXX 600  S&P Europe 350  MSCI Global Standard and Euronext Tech Leaders.,PARIS--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Regulatory News:Teleperformance SE (Paris:TEP) purchased certain of its own shares in connection with the share repurchase program announced on August 2  2023  as authorized by its Shareholders’ Meeting held on May 23  2024.These repurchases were carried out in connection with the objective of cancellation.It is specified that the detailed information by transaction is available on the Company’s website at the following link: https://www.teleperformance.com/en-us/investors/publications-and-events/regulated-information/ - section “Liquidity contract and share buy-back program”.Name of the Issuer Identification code of the issuer Transaction date Identification code of financial instrument Total daily volume (in number of shares) Average daily weighted shares purchase price* (in euros) Market (MIC Code) TELEPERFORMANCE SE 9695004GI61FHFFNRG61 12/11/2024 FR0000051807 32 857 91.3039 XPAR Total 32 857 91.3039* Four-digit rounding after the decimalAbout Teleperformance GroupTeleperformance (TEP – ISIN: FR0000051807 – Reuters: TEPRF.PA - Bloomberg: TEP FP)  is a global leader in digital business services which consistently seeks to blend the best of advanced technology with human empathy to deliver enhanced customer care that is simpler  faster  and safer for the world’s biggest brands and their customers. The Group’s comprehensive  AI-powered service portfolio ranges from front-office customer care to back-office functions  including operations consulting and high-value digital transformation services. It also offers a range of specialized services such as collections  interpreting and localization  visa and consular services  and recruitment process outsourcing services. The teams of multilingual  inspired  and passionate experts and advisors  spread in close to 100 countries  as well as the Group’s local presence allows it to be a force of good in supporting communities  clients  and the environment. In 2023  Teleperformance reported consolidated revenue of €8 345 million (US$9 billion) and net profit of €602 million.Teleperformance shares are traded on the Euronext Paris market  Compartment A  and are eligible for the deferred settlement service. They are included in the following indices: CAC 40  STOXX 600  S&P Europe 350  MSCI Global Standard and Euronext Tech Leaders. In the area of corporate social responsibility  Teleperformance shares are included in the CAC 40 ESG since September 2022  the Euronext Vigeo Euro 120 index since 2015  the MSCI Europe ESG Leaders index since 2019  the FTSE4Good index since 2018 and the S&P Global 1200 ESG index since 2017.For more information: www.teleperformance.com,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.14,0.86,True,English,"['Teleperformance SE', 'Own Shares', 'Statement', 'Transactions', 'November', 'Average daily weighted shares purchase price', 'comprehensive, AI-powered service portfolio ranges', 'MSCI Europe ESG Leaders index', 'S&P Global 1200 ESG index', 'issuer Transaction date Identification code', 'Euronext Vigeo Euro 120 index', 'recruitment process outsourcing services', 'high-value digital transformation services', 'S&P Europe', 'Issuer Identification code', 'Total daily volume', 'MSCI Global Standard', 'Euronext Tech Leaders', 'deferred settlement service', 'digital business services', 'enhanced customer care', 'front-office customer care', 'corporate social responsibility', 'share repurchase program', 'TELEPERFORMANCE SE 9695004GI61FHFFNRG61', 'Euronext Paris market', 'FTSE4Good index', 'CAC 40 ESG', 'MIC Code', 'global leader', 'specialized services', 'consular services', 'BUSINESS WIRE', 'buy-back program', 'Teleperformance shares', 'Regulatory News', 'Shareholders’ Meeting', 'following link', 'Liquidity contract', 'financial instrument', 'Four-digit rounding', 'advanced technology', 'human empathy', 'biggest brands', 'back-office functions', 'operations consulting', 'passionate experts', 'local presence', 'consolidated revenue', 'net profit', 'Compartment A', 'following indices', 'The Group', 'detailed information', 'Teleperformance Group', 'TEP FP', 'connection', 'August', 'May', 'repurchases', 'objective', 'cancellation', 'Company', 'website', 'investors', 'publications', 'events', 'section', 'Name', 'number', 'euros', 'XPAR', 'decimal', 'ISIN', 'Reuters', 'TEPRF', 'Bloomberg', 'world', 'customers', 'collections', 'interpreting', 'localization', 'visa', 'teams', 'multilingual', 'advisors', 'close', '100 countries', 'force', 'communities', 'clients', 'environment', 'STOXX', 'area', 'September']",2024-11-18,2024-11-18,businesswire.com
