UID,Searchword,API,URL,Title,Summary,Article,Title_Sentiment,Title_Positive,Title_Neutral,Title_Negative,Article_Sentiment,Article_Positive,Article_Neutral,Article_Negative,Verified,Language,Topics,Date,Load_Date,Source
54777,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.iss.europa.eu/activities/news/we-need-build-new-world-order-what-unifying-idea-steven-everts-interview-de,"""We need to build a new world order. What a unifying idea."" Steven Evert's interview for De Standaard",“Phenomenal.” It will not be Donald Trump’s long  rambling speech that Steven Everts remembers from Davos  but the impressive address by Canadian Prime Minister Mark Carney.,A long-form interview on Europe's geopolitical challenges.“Phenomenal.” It will not be Donald Trump’s long  rambling speech that Steven Everts remembers from Davos  but the impressive address by Canadian Prime Minister Mark Carney. Everts spent twenty years in the cockpit of European diplomacy  working for High Representatives for Foreign Affairs Catherine Ashton  Javier Solana and Josep Borrell. Today he heads the EU Institute for Security Studies  a think tank founded by EU member states.The world in which he grew up  studied and worked is over. That is exactly what  according to Everts  Carney made clear to the West:“Stop living in a lie  wake up to the truth. The old world order is over  we will have to build a new one. I find that a very unifying idea. You could hear a pin drop. Of course the observation isn’t original  but Carney said it so honestly and clearly.”Carney also said we should not mourn that world.“In the five stages of grief  Europe is still too stuck in denial. I would rather see us evolve toward anger. We’ve seen more anger over the past week. Psychologically  it is important to detach from a worldview that no longer exists. As Carney said: sovereignty is no longer based on rules  but must rest on one’s own power.”What a crazy week. How do you interpret Trump’s threats  speech and U-turn?“It was the classic Trump show. He is a master at grabbing attention. He says or does something that destabilizes the other side. In Europe that causes panic: all leaders get on the phone  there are emergency meetings. Europe can develop some counter-pressure and then Mark Rutte still has to do some manual work to take the sting out of it. Some already think Rutte deserves the Nobel Prize. But really it’s just waiting for the next episode of the show.”A much more fundamental rupture in transatlantic relations  according to Everts  was the new US National Security Strategy published in December. “Until last year his administration mainly wanted to withdraw from Europe — which has long been an American ambition anyway. Hence the pressure  including through trade tariffs  to raise NATO contributions and make Europe finance the war in Ukraine itself. Trump demanded that more brutally than we are used to  but for such disputes diplomatic solutions could always be found.”“In December  however  he made clear that he also wants to change Europe politically. He sees Europe as a civilization in decline and therefore the US will support political forces to change the continent from within. Last week a territorial claim was added to that. This is really about sovereignty now. It’s about us. My assessment is that something broke in Europe over the past weekend.”Denmark even warned that the Greenland claim could mean the end of NATO.“I don’t know whether Trump wants to destroy the transatlantic relationship. But he does want to fundamentally reshape it. No longer a relationship between allies  but an order under American dominance where coercion and intimidation replace consultation and rules. That threat with tariffs was pure intimidation. Since the operation in Venezuela  Trump has been escalating and radicalizing faster  at home and abroad.”Europe was remarkably united and resolute.“Thank God. I am a big supporter of a strong Europe  and for me this was the most important news of the past week. A Europe that says: this far and no further. With all the nuances in tone and statements that go with that. Macron immediately threatens with the bazooka  Meloni says it was a misunderstanding. But Europe did push back much more forcefully than in the summer  when it concluded the trade deal. The gun was put on the table: €93 billion in countermeasures  the anti-coercion instrument… The gun was not fired  but it made an impression.”You called the summer trade deal a bad deal.“The EU should at least not have presented it as a ‘great’ deal — at most as a ‘necessary’ one. And the promise that the deal would bring stability was false. We’ve clearly seen that this week. But what we Europeans should also remember is that counter-pressure works. Even inside the US The public opinion  Congress  the financial markets  the approval ratings… Trump was looking for a way out.”And then there are the US midterms  which may further constrain his power.“Indeed  but the most dangerous sentence in Brussels right now is: ‘let’s wait for the midterms.’ The idea that this soup won’t be eaten as hot as it is served  that we just have to sweat Trump out for six more months. This is not just about Trump. He is both a symptom and an accelerator of an America that is fundamentally changing anyway. The middle class is being hit  the Republican Party will never be what it was  and demographically the country is turning toward Asia. The ancestral ties with Europe grow weaker with every generation. The country is repeatedly dragged back into old conflicts in Europe and the Middle East against its will  but it actually wants to turn its back on that part of the world. If Europe wants to remain free in this new order  it will have to do so from its own strength. Only the strong are free.”The problem is that Europe has little strength. We have no oil or gas  few raw materials and no real military power. And the so-called Brussels effect — the idea that we exert influence through economic power — seems exhausted.“There is still a whole world outside the US that wants to develop political and trade relations on the basis of rules instead of intimidation. That is why it is so dramatic that the European Parliament voted against the Mercosur agreement with South America. That is not the signal you want to send to parts of the world that are looking for reliable partners and economic growth.”“But we also shouldn’t be too negative. We can build up a strong defence industry quickly  together with Ukraine  which now truly knows what warfare is. We still have top industries. What Europe needs now is a crash program to address its weaknesses: refining critical raw materials  defence  more digital sovereignty  the internal market  the capital market… The projects are known. And we need a change in mentality. We must dare to convert our strength into power. China needs ASML’s chip machines. Why don’t we make those deliveries conditional? If China doesn’t comply with agreements  there will be no more software updates.”Is the euro a strength?“Absolutely. Every year we export tens of billions of euros in capital to the US. That is European savings flowing to Silicon Valley instead of scaling start-ups here into global players. That is entirely our own fault. Why don’t we create a European stock exchange? Of course there are many obstacles and objections  but we managed to create the euro too.”“Early January  when all attention was on Venezuela  China issued a government bond in Hong Kong denominated in dollars. China has a lower credit rating than the US  yet it could place that bond at the same interest rate as US Treasuries. Demand was thirty times higher than supply. That means international investors currently have more confidence in China than in the US. The power of the dollar is eroding.”So if the EU issues Eurobonds to support Ukraine  there will also be a stampede.“Europe already borrows more cheaply than the US or China. That is enormous power. International investors have more confidence in the euro than in the dollar or the renminbi.”Yet you recently wrote that our financial dependence on the US is an underestimated weakness.“There was already a plan circulating to force US government bonds in foreign hands to be converted into some kind of perpetual loans  in exchange for American military protection.”That sounds Putin-like.“It’s absurd that we have to consider such a scenario  but it’s not unthinkable. Take our gold stored in the US. Are we sure we would get it back if things went completely wrong between the US. and Europe? Maybe we should spread those gold reserves more.”“What I mainly mean is that for our security we really need to think about where we are too dependent  what our strengths are  and how to turn weaknesses into strength. The old world ran on trust. That is gone.”Europe’s weak point is of course Ukraine. Without US support we cannot keep that country militarily afloat. That is why the EU swallowed the trade deal with Trump this summer.“But by then there was already no more American support for Ukraine. Intelligence  yes — and that is crucial — but with concessions you no longer buy certainties. We are now pumping enormous amounts of money into infrastructure — bridges and roads — to move American weapons as quickly as possible from Antwerp or Rotterdam to Eastern Europe. But what if those tanks don’t come when Russia escalates? Shouldn’t we then invest part of that money in building our own intelligence and satellites? Europe must build the capacity itself to keep Ukraine standing. We are talking about 0.25 percent of European GDP. Don’t tell me this club of rich countries can’t mobilize that. The Ukrainians are fighting the Russians so that we don’t have to. Doing nothing will cost incomparably more. But Europeans look at each other a bit: can’t you do more?”Then we create structures to use Russian billions at Euroclear as collateral for a loan to Ukraine. You thought that was a good plan.“Yes  that seemed defensible to me. In this power-based world we must dare to think about how we deploy the power resources we have. But when it came to covering the risks  everyone suddenly looked the other way. De Wever had a point there: you have to ‘Europeanize’ those risks. At the same time  I want to add that Belgium never Europeanized the proceeds of those Russian billions.”“But Plan B also has advantages. Financing the war in Ukraine is in our common interest  and then we should also be willing to do that from general taxation. The advantage is that all EU countries contribute. Today many applaud Ukraine  but only about ten really put money on the table.”Historians write that when an empire can impose its will only through coercion  it is the beginning of the end. But empires have also collapsed because of bureaucracy  sluggishness and internal division.“Ha  Europe as the old Habsburg Empire. Yes  we are divided  bureaucratic and slow. And we are under pressure from three sides: an aggressive Russia  an unreliable and ideologically hostile America  and economic coercion from China. We’ve never experienced that before. But we have also often shown that at five minutes to midnight we make the right choices. I worked for Josep Borrell when Covid broke out and two years later when the Russians invaded Ukraine. I admit we did not see that invasion coming  despite American warnings. But in every crisis we throw taboos overboard and we move. We showed that again this week. In the end we draw the red line and do what is necessary.”“And Russia  China and the US also have their weaknesses. I am not yet convinced that China will dominate the world in twenty years. It has enormous hidden debt  high youth unemployment and a dramatic demographic situation. China is not a country where migrants knock on the door because life is so good there. Russia certainly isn’t. America still is  but people are starting to wonder whether it is still a place where you want to grow up. Europe still is.”According to Trump  that is a weakness. Mass migration is the cause of Europe’s decline.“I’m talking about the attractiveness of a societal model to the rest of the world. Ultimately the question is which kind of society is most resilient to the challenges ahead. Take the climate crisis. I think Europe is relatively better equipped for that than the US or even China. And yes  there is a lot of polarization and populism here too  but not to the same extent as in the US. There you can no longer exclude large-scale violence. Social cohesion  legitimacy  being attractive to your own population… The fact that Europe is still a place people want to go to is also a strength.”This interview of Steven Everts was originally published in Dutch in De Standaard on 23 January 2026 under the title  'Steven Everts kent Europa van binnenuit: “We moeten een nieuwe wereldorde opbouwen. Wat een verbindend idee”'. It is reproduced here in English with the permission of De Standaard.,neutral,0.19,0.8,0.01,mixed,0.23,0.27,0.5,True,English,"['new world order', 'unifying idea', 'Steven Evert', 'De Standaard', 'interview', 'Canadian Prime Minister Mark Carney', 'new US National Security Strategy', 'Foreign Affairs Catherine Ashton', 'EU member states', 'long, rambling speech', 'summer trade deal', 'classic Trump show', 'old world order', 'Security Studies', 'Mark Rutte', 'new order', 'new one', 'old conflicts', 'EU Institute', 'The EU', 'long-form interview', 'geopolitical challenges', 'impressive address', 'twenty years', 'European diplomacy', 'High Representatives', 'Javier Solana', 'Josep Borrell', 'think tank', 'pin drop', 'five stages', 'past week', 'crazy week', 'other side', 'emergency meetings', 'manual work', 'Nobel Prize', 'next episode', 'fundamental rupture', 'transatlantic relations', 'American ambition', 'diplomatic solutions', 'political forces', 'territorial claim', 'Greenland claim', 'American dominance', 'big supporter', 'important news', 'anti-coercion instrument', 'great’ deal', 'public opinion', 'financial markets', 'approval ratings', 'dangerous sentence', 'middle class', 'Republican Party', 'ancestral ties', 'Middle East', 'trade tariffs', 'US midterms', 'unifying idea', 'NATO contributions', 'pure intimidation', 'Donald Trump', 'Steven Everts', 'strong Europe', 'relationship', 'Phenomenal', 'Davos', 'cockpit', 'West', 'lie', 'truth', 'observation', 'grief', 'denial', 'worldview', 'sovereignty', 'rules', 'power', 'threats', 'U-turn', 'master', 'attention', 'something', 'panic', 'leaders', 'phone', 'counter-pressure', 'sting', 'December', 'last', 'administration', 'war', 'Ukraine', 'disputes', 'civilization', 'decline', 'continent', 'assessment', 'Denmark', 'end', 'consultation', 'operation', 'Venezuela', 'home', 'nuances', 'tone', 'statements', 'Macron', 'bazooka', 'Meloni', 'misunderstanding', 'gun', 'table', 'countermeasures', 'impression', 'necessary', 'promise', 'stability', 'Europeans', 'Congress', 'way', 'Brussels', 'soup', 'six', 'months', 'symptom', 'accelerator', 'country', 'Asia', 'generation', 'will', 'back']",2026-01-27,2026-01-28,iss.europa.eu
54778,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2026/01/27/3226070/0/en/Pierrick-Lefranc-appointed-as-Executive-Vice-President-Technical-Operations-member-of-Executive-Leadership-Team.html,Pierrick Lefranc appointed as Executive Vice President Technical Operations  member of Executive Leadership Team,PARIS  FRANCE  27 January 2026 - Ipsen (Euronext: IPN; ADR: IPSEY) announced today that Pierrick Lefranc will be appointed as Executive Vice President (EVP) and member of the Executive Leadership Team (ELT)  as of 1 April 2026. Pierrick will succeed Aidan Mur…,PARIS  FRANCE  27 January 2026 - Ipsen (Euronext: IPN; ADR: IPSEY) announced today that Pierrick Lefranc will be appointed as Executive Vice President (EVP) and member of the Executive Leadership Team (ELT)  as of 1 April 2026. Pierrick will succeed Aidan Murphy  EVP Technical Operations and Member of the ELT  who after 30 years of excellent service at Ipsen  will retire in March 2026.Pierrick brings over 30 years of experience in the pharmaceutical industry. Throughout his career  he has led manufacturing operations and large-scale industrial projects  consistently driving improvements in productivity  quality  and regulatory compliance. Since July 2019  Pierrick has served as Senior Vice President at Ipsen overseeing global manufacturing activities  engineering  and enterprise excellence. He joined the company in 2013 and was appointed as Head of the Signes site in France in 2016. Pierrick will be based in Paris and report directly to David Loew  CEO.“I am pleased to welcome Pierrick to the Executive Leadership Team  bringing with him decades of leadership and strategic transformation expertise gained both within Ipsen and across major pharmaceutical companies ” said David Loew. “I would also like to extend my sincere appreciation for Aidan’s commitment to Ipsen and wish him much success and happiness in his next chapter. Throughout his leadership roles  Aidan has built a first-class manufacturing team across the globe while driving transformation and excellence within Technical Operations  which has been recognized by several Shingo awards.”“I’m thrilled to be joining the Executive Leadership Team and look forward to being an integral member of Ipsen’s ongoing transformation ” said Pierrick. “I would also like to thank Aidan for his leadership throughout the years and wish him all the best for his retirement.”About IpsenWe are a global biopharmaceutical company with a focus on bringing transformative medicines to patients in three therapeutic areas: Oncology  Rare Disease and Neuroscience. Our pipeline is fueled by internal and external innovation and supported by nearly 100 years of development experience and global hubs in the U.S.  France and the U.K. Our teams in more than 40 countries and our partnerships around the world enable us to bring medicines to patients in more than 100 countries.Ipsen is listed in Paris (Euronext: IPN) and in the U.S. through a Sponsored Level I American Depositary Receipt program (ADR: IPSEY). For more information  visit www.ipsen.com.Ipsen ContactsInvestorsHenry Wheeler henry.wheeler@ipsen.com +33 766471149Khalid Deojee khalid.deojee@ipsen.com +33 666019526MediaSally Bain sally.bain@ipsen.com +1 8573200517Anne Liontas anne.liontas.ext@ipsen.com +33 767347296Disclaimers and/or forward-looking statementsThe forward-looking statements  objectives and targets contained herein are based on Ipsen’s management strategy  current views and assumptions. Such statements involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results  performance or events to differ materially from those anticipated herein. All of the above risks could affect Ipsen’s future ability to achieve its financial targets  which were set assuming reasonable macroeconomic conditions based on the information available today. Use of the words ‘believes’  ‘anticipates’ and ‘expects’ and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements  including Ipsen’s expectations regarding future events  including regulatory filings and determinations. Moreover  the targets described in this document were prepared without taking into account external-growth assumptions and potential future acquisitions  which may alter these parameters. These objectives are based on data and assumptions regarded as reasonable by Ipsen. These targets depend on conditions or facts likely to happen in the future  and not exclusively on historical data. Actual results may depart significantly from these targets given the occurrence of certain risks and uncertainties  notably the fact that a promising medicine in early development phase or clinical trial may end up never being launched on the market or reaching its commercial targets  notably for regulatory or competition reasons. Ipsen must face or might face competition from generic medicine that might translate into a loss of market share. Furthermore  the research and development process involves several stages each of which involves the substantial risk that Ipsen may fail to achieve its objectives and be forced to abandon its efforts with regards to a medicine in which it has invested significant sums. Therefore  Ipsen cannot be certain that favorable results obtained during preclinical trials will be confirmed subsequently during clinical trials  or that the results of clinical trials will be sufficient to demonstrate the safe and effective nature of the medicine concerned. There can be no guarantees a medicine will receive the necessary regulatory approvals or that the medicine will prove to be commercially successful. If underlying assumptions prove inaccurate or risks or uncertainties materialize  actual results may differ materially from those set forth in the forward-looking statements. Other risks and uncertainties include but are not limited to  general industry conditions and competition; general economic factors  including interest rate and currency exchange rate fluctuations; the impact of pharmaceutical industry regulation and healthcare legislation and risks arising from unexpected regulatory or political changes such as changes in tax regulation and regulations on trade and tariffs  such as protectionist measures  especially in the United States; global trends toward healthcare cost containment; technological advances  new medicine and patents attained by competitors; challenges inherent in new-medicine development  including obtaining regulatory approval; Ipsen’s ability to accurately predict future market conditions; manufacturing difficulties or delays; financial instability of international economies and sovereign risk; dependence on the effectiveness of Ipsen’s patents and other protections for innovative medicines; and the exposure to litigation  including patent litigation  and/or regulatory actions. Ipsen also depends on third parties to develop and market some of its medicines which could potentially generate substantial royalties; these partners could behave in such ways which could cause damage to Ipsen’s activities and financial results. Ipsen cannot be certain that its partners will fulfil their obligations. It might be unable to obtain any benefit from those agreements. A default by any of Ipsen’s partners could generate lower revenues than expected. Such situations could have a negative impact on Ipsen’s business  financial position or performance. Ipsen expressly disclaims any obligation or undertaking to update or revise any forward-looking statements  targets or estimates contained in this press release to reflect any change in events  conditions  assumptions or circumstances on which any such statements are based  unless so required by applicable law. Ipsen’s business is subject to the risk factors outlined in its registration documents filed with the French Autorité des Marchés Financiers. The risks and uncertainties set out are not exhaustive and the reader is advised to refer to Ipsen’s latest Universal Registration Document  available on www.ipsen.com.Attachments,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.49,0.15,0.35,True,English,"['Executive Vice President Technical Operations', 'Executive Leadership Team', 'Pierrick Lefranc', 'member', 'Sponsored Level I American Depositary Receipt program', 'Executive Vice President', 'large-scale industrial projects', 'Senior Vice President', 'three therapeutic areas', 'Sally Bain sally', 'first-class manufacturing team', 'major pharmaceutical companies', 'several Shingo awards', 'early development phase', 'global manufacturing activities', 'Executive Leadership Team', 'strategic transformation expertise', 'Khalid Deojee khalid', 'reasonable macroeconomic conditions', 'potential future acquisitions', 'necessary regulatory approvals', 'global biopharmaceutical company', 'EVP Technical Operations', 'manufacturing operations', 'global hubs', 'pharmaceutical industry', 'several stages', 'development process', 'leadership roles', 'excellent service', 'regulatory compliance', 'Signes site', 'David Loew', 'sincere appreciation', 'next chapter', 'ongoing transformation', 'Rare Disease', 'external innovation', 'U.S.', 'U.K.', 'forward-looking statements', 'management strategy', 'current views', 'Such statements', 'future ability', 'similar expressions', 'regulatory filings', 'clinical trial', 'substantial risk', 'significant sums', 'effective nature', 'underlying assum', 'development experience', 'actual results', 'favorable results', 'transformative medicines', 'Henry Wheeler', 'Anne Liontas', 'future events', 'historical data', 'competition reasons', 'market share', 'integral member', 'unknown risks', 'financial targets', 'external-growth assumptions', 'promising medicine', 'commercial targets', 'generic medicine', 'Aidan Murphy', 'Pierrick Lefranc', 'Ipsen Contacts', 'PARIS', 'FRANCE', '27 January', 'Euronext', 'IPN', 'ADR', 'IPSEY', 'ELT', '1 April', '30 years', 'March', 'career', 'improvements', 'productivity', 'quality', 'July', 'engineering', 'enterprise', 'excellence', 'Head', 'CEO', 'decades', 'commitment', 'success', 'happiness', 'globe', 'retirement', 'focus', 'patients', 'Oncology', 'Neuroscience', 'pipeline', 'internal', '100 years', 'teams', '40 countries', 'partnerships', 'world', '100 countries', 'information', 'Investors', 'Media', 'Disclaimers', 'objectives', 'uncertainties', 'performance', 'Use', 'words', 'expects', 'expectations', 'determinations', 'document', 'account', 'parameters', 'facts', 'occurrence', 'loss', 'research', 'efforts', 'regards', 'safe', 'guarantees']",2026-01-27,2026-01-28,globenewswire.com
54779,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://financialpost.com/globe-newswire/pierrick-lefranc-appointed-as-executive-vice-president-technical-operations-member-of-executive-leadership-team,Pierrick Lefranc appointed as Executive Vice President Technical Operations  member of Executive Leadership Team,PARIS  FRANCE  27 January 2026 – Ipsen (Euronext: IPN; ADR: IPSEY) announced today that Pierrick Lefranc will be appointed as Executive Vice President (EVP) and member of the Executive Leadership Team (ELT)  as of 1 April 2026. Pierrick will succeed Aidan Mur…,PARIS  FRANCE  27 January 2026 – Ipsen (Euronext: IPN; ADR: IPSEY) announced today that Pierrick Lefranc will be appointed as Executive Vice President (EVP) and member of the Executive Leadership Team (ELT)  as of 1 April 2026. Pierrick will succeed Aidan Mur…,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.65,0.34,0.01,True,English,"['Executive Vice President Technical Operations', 'Executive Leadership Team', 'Pierrick Lefranc', 'member', 'Executive Vice President', 'Executive Leadership Team', 'Aidan Mur', 'Pierrick Lefranc', 'PARIS', 'FRANCE', '27 January', 'Ipsen', 'Euronext', 'IPN', 'ADR', 'IPSEY', 'EVP', 'member', 'ELT', '1 April']",2026-01-27,2026-01-28,financialpost.com
54780,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://financialpost.com/globe-newswire/implementation-of-a-liquidity-agreement-with-kepler-cheuvreux,IMPLEMENTATION OF A LIQUIDITY AGREEMENT WITH KEPLER CHEUVREUX,PRESS RELEASE Bloomberg (THEON:NA) / Reuters (THEON.AS) 27 January 2026 – Theon International Plc (THEON)  appointed Kepler Cheuvreux as its liquidity agent in connection with THEON shares traded on Euronext Amsterdam. Pursuant to a liquidity agreement dated …,PRESS RELEASE Bloomberg (THEON:NA) / Reuters (THEON.AS) 27 January 2026 – Theon International Plc (THEON)  appointed Kepler Cheuvreux as its liquidity agent in connection with THEON shares traded on Euronext Amsterdam. Pursuant to a liquidity agreement dated …,neutral,0.01,0.97,0.02,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.01,True,English,"['LIQUIDITY AGREEMENT', 'KEPLER CHEUVREUX', 'IMPLEMENTATION', 'Theon International Plc', 'PRESS RELEASE', 'Kepler Cheuvreux', 'liquidity agent', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'liquidity agreement', 'THEON.AS', 'THEON shares', 'Bloomberg', 'Reuters', 'connection']",2026-01-27,2026-01-28,financialpost.com
54781,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2026/01/27/3226861/0/en/IMPLEMENTATION-OF-A-LIQUIDITY-AGREEMENT-WITH-KEPLER-CHEUVREUX.html,IMPLEMENTATION OF A LIQUIDITY AGREEMENT WITH KEPLER CHEUVREUX,PRESS RELEASE  Bloomberg (THEON:NA) / Reuters (THEON.AS)    27 January 2026 – Theon International Plc (THEON)  appointed Kepler Cheuvreux as its liquidity...,"PRESS RELEASEBloomberg (THEON:NA) / Reuters (THEON.AS)27 January 2026 – Theon International Plc (THEON) appointed Kepler Cheuvreux as its liquidity agent in connection with THEON shares traded on Euronext Amsterdam. Pursuant to a liquidity agreement dated 21 January 2026 (""Liquidity Agreement"")  the liquidity account in connection with this program comprises €1 million in cash and 33 000 shares.The Liquidity Agreement will be implemented from 26 January 2026 for an initial period of one year and shall be renewed automatically thereafter for successive terms of twelve (12) months.The execution of the Liquidity Agreement may be terminated: at any time and without notice by THEON; at any time by Kepler Cheuvreux with 60 days’ notice; or subject to customary conditions.For inquiries  please contact:Investor RelationsNikos MalesiotisE-Mail: ir@theon.comTel: +30 210 6772290 Media ContactElli MichouE-Mail: press@theon.comTel: +30 210 6728610About THEON GROUPTHEON GROUP of companies develops and manufactures cutting-edge night vision and thermal imaging systems for Defense and Security applications with a global footprint. THEON GROUP started its operations in 1997 from Greece and today occupies a leading role in the sector thanks to its international presence through subsidiaries and production facilities in Greece  Cyprus  Germany  the Baltics  the United States  the Gulf States  Switzerland  Denmark  Belgium  Singapore and South Korea. THEON GROUP has more than 250 000 systems in service with Armed and Special Forces in 72 countries around the world  26 of which are NATO countries. ΤΗΕΟΝ ΙΝΤΕRNATIONAL PLC has been listed on Euronext Amsterdam (AMS: THEON) since February 2024.www.theon.comAttachment",neutral,0.01,0.97,0.02,neutral,0.02,0.96,0.02,True,English,"['LIQUIDITY AGREEMENT', 'KEPLER CHEUVREUX', 'IMPLEMENTATION', 'cutting-edge night vision', 'thermal imaging systems', 'The Liquidity Agreement', 'Theon International Plc', 'international presence', 'ΙΝΤΕRNATIONAL PLC', 'liquidity agent', 'liquidity account', 'PRESS RELEASE', 'Kepler Cheuvreux', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'initial period', 'one year', 'successive terms', 'twelve (12) months', 'customary conditions', 'Investor Relations', 'Nikos Malesiotis', 'Media Contact', 'Elli Michou', 'Security applications', 'global footprint', 'leading role', 'production facilities', 'United States', 'Gulf States', 'South Korea', 'Special Forces', 'THEON.AS', 'THEON GROUP', '60 days’ notice', 'NATO countries', 'THEON shares', '250,000 systems', '33,000 shares', '72 countries', 'Bloomberg', 'Reuters', 'connection', 'program', 'cash', '26 January', 'execution', 'time', 'inquiries', 'Tel', 'companies', 'Defense', 'operations', 'Greece', 'sector', 'subsidiaries', 'Cyprus', 'Germany', 'Baltics', 'Switzerland', 'Denmark', 'Belgium', 'Singapore', 'service', 'Armed', 'world', 'February', 'Attachment', 'ΤΗΕΟΝ']",2026-01-27,2026-01-28,globenewswire.com
54782,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2026/01/27/3226072/0/en/IBA-signs-contract-for-a-Proteus-ONE-proton-therapy-system-to-be-located-at-the-MacKay-Memorial-Hospital-in-New-Taipei-City-Taiwan.html,IBA signs contract for a Proteus®ONE proton therapy system to be located at the MacKay Memorial Hospital in New Taipei City  Taiwan,Louvain-La-Neuve  Belgium  January 27  2026 – IBA (Ion Beam Applications S.A.  EURONEXT)  the world leader in particle accelerator technology and the world’s leading provider of proton therapy solutions for the treatment of cancer  today announces it has sign…,Louvain-La-Neuve  Belgium  January 27  2026 – IBA (Ion Beam Applications S.A.  EURONEXT)  the world leader in particle accelerator technology and the world’s leading provider of proton therapy solutions for the treatment of cancer  today announces it has signed a contract for the supply of a Proteus®ONE1 compact proton therapy solution to be installed at the MacKay Memorial Hospital in New Taipei City  Taiwan. This is the fourth order of a Proteus®ONE system in Taiwan  further reinforcing IBA’s position as the undisputed market leader.The contract includes the delivery and the installation of a Proteus®ONE system as well as a comprehensive Quality Assurance package from IBA Dosimetry. As the market-leading compact proton therapy system  Proteus®ONE is designed to evolve and incorporate the latest technological advancements  ensuring that IBA users continue to benefit from state-of-the-art innovation. The system will also feature DynamicARC®2 beam delivery capabilities  pending regulatory clearance. MacKay Memorial Hospital expects to start treating patients in 2029.Olivier Legrain  Chief Executive Officer of IBA  commented: “We are delighted to secure this new Proteus®ONE contract  the second in Taiwan in less than a year. The growing interest in our proton therapy solutions across Asia is a testament to the strength of our innovation strategy and our commitment to close partnerships. This success further consolidates IBA’s position as the undisputed leader in the global proton therapy market and demonstrates our dedication to making this cutting-edge technology accessible to more patients worldwide. We look forward to working closely with the MacKay Memorial Hospital team to ensure that cancer patients in Taiwan can benefit from the most advanced treatment options available.”Dr. Chun-Hao Chen  MD  PhD  Director  Department of Radiation Oncology at the MacKay Memorial Hospital  added: “We are proud to partner with IBA to bring this advanced technology to Taiwan. The installation of the Proteus®ONE system at MacKay Memorial Hospital will significantly enhance our ability to provide state-of-the-art cancer treatment to our patients. This collaboration marks a major milestone in our commitment to delivering world-class care and expanding access to innovative therapies for the local community.”The typical end-user price for a Proteus®ONE system with a multi-year maintenance contract ranges between EUR 35 and 45 million3.***ENDS***About IBAIBA (Ion Beam Applications S.A.) is the world leader in particle accelerator technology. The company is the leading supplier of equipment and services in the fields of proton therapy  considered as one of the most advanced forms of radiation therapy available today  as well as industrial sterilization  radiopharmaceuticals and dosimetry. The company  based in Louvain-la-Neuve  Belgium  employs approximately 2 100 people worldwide. IBA is a certified B Corporation (B Corp) meeting the highest standards of verified social and environmental performance.IBA is listed on the pan-European stock exchange EURONEXT (IBA: Reuters IBAB.BR and Bloomberg IBAB.BB). More information can be found at: www.iba-worldwide.comAbout MacKay Memorial HospitalMacKay Memorial Hospital is a leading teaching-hospital system in Taiwan  operating under the jurisdiction of the Presbyterian Church in Taiwan and established in memory of Dr. George Leslie MacKay  a Canadian medical missionary.Today  the MacKay healthcare system delivers comprehensive medical services through multiple campuses  including Taipei  Tamsui (New Taipei City)  Hsinchu  and Taitung  with dedicated children’s services as part of the broader network.Across Taiwan  the MacKay system is commonly reported to operate approximately 3 500 beds and employ about 8 800 staff  including physicians  nurses  and other healthcare professionals.CONTACTSIBAThomas PevenageInvestor relations+32 10 475 890investorrelations@iba-group.comOlivier LechienCorporate Communication Director+32 10 475 890communication@iba-group.com1 Proteus®ONE is the brand name of Proteus®2352 DynamicARC® is a registered brand of the IBA’s Proton Arc therapy solution currently in development phase.3 This contract  signed at the end of 2025  will be booked in IBA’s 2025 order intake. In accordance with its financial communication policy  IBA announces the conclusion of commercial contracts after receiving the first instalment.Attachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.85,0.15,0.0,True,English,"['Proteus®ONE proton therapy system', 'MacKay Memorial Hospital', 'New Taipei City', 'IBA', 'contract', 'Taiwan', 'Proteus®ONE1 compact proton therapy solution', 'Ion Beam Applications S.A.', 'MacKay Memorial Hospital MacKay Memorial Hospital', 'market-leading compact proton therapy system', 'Proton Arc therapy solution', 'MacKay Memorial Hospital team', 'comprehensive Quality Assurance package', 'Dr. George Leslie MacKay', 'global proton therapy market', 'multi-year maintenance contract ranges', 'DynamicARC®2 beam delivery capabilities', 'new Proteus®ONE contract', 'proton therapy solutions', 'MacKay healthcare system', 'Dr. Chun-Hao Chen', 'latest technological advancements', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'typical end-user price', 'pan-European stock exchange', 'Canadian medical missionary', 'other healthcare professionals', 'Proteus®ONE system', 'New Taipei City', 'particle accelerator technology', 'Reuters IBAB.BR', 'financial communication policy', 'leading teaching-hospital system', 'comprehensive medical services', 'advanced treatment options', 'Corporate Communication Director', 'MacKay system', 'a year', '1 Proteus®ONE', 'radiation therapy', 'market leader', 'advanced technology', 'cutting-edge technology', 'Bloomberg IBAB', 'leading provider', 'leading supplier', 'advanced forms', 'fourth order', 'regulatory clearance', 'Olivier Legrain', 'growing interest', 'close partnerships', 'Radiation Oncology', 'major milestone', 'world-class care', 'innovative therapies', 'local community', 'industrial sterilization', 'B Corporation', 'highest standards', 'environmental performance', 'More information', 'Presbyterian Church', 'multiple campuses', 'dedicated children', 'broader network', 'Thomas Pevenage', 'Investor relations', 'Olivier Lechien', 'brand name', 'registered brand', 'development phase', '2025 order intake', 'commercial contracts', 'first instalment', 'world leader', 'cancer treatment', 'innovation strategy', 'undisputed leader', 'IBA users', 'cancer patients', 'IBA Dosimetry', '2 DynamicARC®', 'Louvain-La-Neuve', 'Belgium', 'EURONEXT', 'supply', 'Taiwan', 'position', 'installation', 'state', 'less', 'Asia', 'testament', 'strength', 'commitment', 'success', 'dedication', 'MD', 'PhD', 'Department', 'ability', 'collaboration', 'access', 'ENDS', 'company', 'equipment', 'fields', 'radiopharmaceuticals', '2,100 people', 'social', 'BB', 'jurisdiction', 'memory', 'Tamsui', 'Hsinchu', 'Taitung', '3,500 beds', '8,800 staff', 'physicians', 'nurses', 'CONTACTS', 'investorrelations', 'group', 'accordance', 'conclusion', 'Attachment']",2026-01-27,2026-01-28,globenewswire.com
54783,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2026/01/27/3226599/0/en/Kaldv%C3%ADk-AS-Appointment-of-interim-CFO.html,Kaldvík AS: Appointment of interim CFO,"Reykjavík  27 January 2026: Reference is made to Kaldvik AS' (the ""Company"") stock exchange announcement published on 1 December 2025 regarding the current CFO's resignation.","Reykjavík  27 January 2026: Reference is made to Kaldvik AS' (the ""Company"") stock exchange announcement published on 1 December 2025 regarding the current CFO's resignation.The Company is very pleased to report that Hjalti Hvítklett has accepted the position as interim CFO  effective from 1 February 2026. Mr. Hvítklett is an experienced business professional with extensive experience from similar positions  e.g. as CFO and finance director of Nordic Aqua Partners and CFO in P/F Pelagos.Mr. Hvítklett will support the company's strategy and growth plan in the upcoming period  while the Company continues its search for a permanent CFO.For further information  please contact:Vidar Aspehaug  CEO: +47 913 05 017 (mobile)Information in this announcement is considered inside information pursuant to EU Market Abuse Regulation (MAR) and subject to the disclosure requirements pursuant to MAR Article 17 and Section 5-12 of the Norwegian Securities Trading Act.About Kaldvík ASKaldvík AS is the leading salmon farmer in Iceland. Kaldvik AS has a well- developed and fully integrated value-chain  enabling the group to provide its customers with a sustainable premium product. Kaldvik AS is dual-listed on Euronext Growth Oslo and First North Iceland Growth Market. See https://www.kaldvik.is for more information about the Company.",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,positive,0.98,0.01,0.0,True,English,"['Kaldvík AS', 'interim CFO', 'Appointment', 'First North Iceland Growth Market', 'EU Market Abuse Regulation', 'Norwegian Securities Trading Act', 'Company"") stock exchange announcement', 'Euronext Growth Oslo', 'Hjalti Hvítklett', 'Mr. Hvítklett', 'experienced business professional', 'Nordic Aqua Partners', 'leading salmon farmer', 'sustainable premium product', 'Kaldvík AS', 'growth plan', 'Reykjavík', 'Kaldvik AS', 'extensive experience', 'similar positions', 'finance director', 'P/F Pelagos', 'upcoming period', 'Vidar Aspehaug', 'disclosure requirements', 'current CFO', 'interim CFO', 'permanent CFO', '27 January', 'Reference', '1 December', 'resignation', 'The', '1 February', 'strategy', 'search', 'information', 'CEO', 'Article', 'Section', 'value-chain', 'group', 'customers']",2026-01-27,2026-01-28,globenewswire.com
54784,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2026/01/27/3226828/0/en/ARGAN-leased-a-new-5-700-sq-m-unit-at-its-AutOnom-site-in-Bain-de-Bretagne-35.html,ARGAN leased a new 5 700 sq.m unit at its AutOnom® site in Bain-de-Bretagne (35),Press release – Neuilly-sur-Seine  Tuesday  January 27  2026 – 5.45 pm  ARGAN leased a new 5 700 sq.m unit at its AutOnom® site in Bain-de-Bretagne (35) ...,Press release – Neuilly-sur-Seine  Tuesday  January 27  2026 – 5.45 pmARGAN leased a new 5 700 sq.m unit at its AutOnom® site in Bain-de-Bretagne (35)Just a few weeks after the official inauguration of the site with the DIMOLOG teams  ARGAN is already welcoming a new tenant at its AutOnom® site in Bain-de-Bretagne (35)  with the signing of a 5 700 sq.m unit leased to DUCOURNAU LOGISTIQUE.Photo credits: ARGANBain-de-Bretagne  an ideal location on the Rennes–Nantes corridorDelivered in early 2025  the AutOnom® site in Bain-de-Bretagne is approximately 30 700 sq.m in size. Divided into five units  it now hosts two users  with DUCOURNAU LOGISTIQUE joining DIMOLOG  part of the DIMOTRANS Group  which already leases three units representing a total of 19 300 sq.m.The DUCOURNAU LOGISTIQUE teams moved into their new workplace in early December 2025. They operate a 5 400 sq.m storage unit  complemented by a 300 sq.m office block.A family-owned company experiencing strong growth  DUCOURNAU LOGISTIQUE is a group specializing in transport and logistics  historically based in southern France. It continues to expand its operations nationwide  with nine branches across eight regions and more than 700 employees today.With this new lease  the relevance of the Bain-de-Bretagne (35) location is further confirmed. Located around thirty kilometers south of Rennes  with direct access to National Road 137—a major route linking the capital of Brittany to Nantes—Bain-de-Bretagne is an ideal location for transport and logistics activities in the region.Ronan Le Lan  Chairman of ARGAN’s Executive Board: “With the signing of DUCOURNAU LOGISTIQUE in Bain-de-Bretagne  our Development teams closed out 2025 with more than 65 000 sq.m of new space leased across four projects. This is a notable performance in a less favorable market environment and a strong indicator of the relevance of ARGAN’s model  which is based on controlling the entire value creation chain.”2026 financial calendar (Publication of the press release after closing of the stock exchange)March 26: General Assembly 2026April 1: Net sales of 1 st quarter 2026quarter 2026 July 1: Net sales of 2 nd quarter 2026quarter 2026 July 23: Half-year results 2026October 1: Net sales of 3rd quarter 20262027 financial calendar (Publication of the press release after closing of the stock exchange)January 4: Net sales of 4 th quarter 2026quarter 2026 January 21: Annual results 2026March 25: General Assembly 2027About ARGANARGAN is the only French real estate company specializing in the DEVELOPMENT & RENTAL OF PREMIUM WAREHOUSES listed on EURONEXT and is the leading player of its market in France. Building on a unique customer-centric approach  ARGAN develops PREMIUM and pre-let Au0nom® -labelled warehouses – i.e.  which produce their own energy for self-consumption – for blue-chip companies  with tailor-made services throughout all project phases from the development milestones to the rental management. As at December 31  2025  ARGAN represented a portfolio of 3.8 million sq.m  with more than 100 warehouses located in the continental area of France. Appraised at a total of €4.1 billion  this portfolio generates a yearly rental income of €214 million (yearly rental income based on the portfolio delivered as at December 31  2025).Profitability  well-mastered debt and sustainability are at the heart of ARGAN’s DNA. The financial solidity of the Group’s model is notably reflected in its Investment-grade rating (BBB- with a stable outlook) with Standard & Poor’s. ARGAN is also deploying a committed ESG policy addressing all its stakeholders. Achievements as part of this roadmap are regularly recognized by third-party agencies such as GRESB (rated: 83/100)  Sustainalytics (low extra-financial risk)  Ethifinance (gold medal) and Ecovadis (silver medal – top 15% amongst rated companies).ARGAN is a listed real estate investment company (French SIIC)  on Compartment A of Euronext Paris (ISIN FR0010481960 - ARG) and is included in the Euronext SBF 120  CAC All-Share  EPRA Europe and IEIF SIIC France indices.www.argan.frFrancis Albertinelli – CFOAymar de Germay – General SecretarySamy Bensaid – Head of Investor RelationsPhone: +33 1 47 47 47 40E-mail: contact@argan.frMarlène Brisset – Media relationsPhone: +33 6 59 42 29 35E-mail: argan@cdrconsultancy.comAttachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.79,0.21,0.0,True,English,"['new 5,700 sq.m unit', 'AutOnom® site', 'ARGAN', 'Bretagne', 'entire value creation chain', 'real estate investment company', 'less favorable market environment', 'French real estate company', '300 sq.m office block', '5,400 sq.m storage unit', 'IEIF SIIC France indices', 'new 5,700 sq.m unit', 'Ronan Le Lan', 'unique customer-centric approach', 'committed ESG policy', 'low extra-financial risk', 'Aymar de Germay', 'Marlène Brisset', 'yearly rental income', 'Rennes–Nantes corridor', 'DUCOURNAU LOGISTIQUE teams', 'French SIIC', 'family-owned company', '3.8 million sq', 'new tenant', 'new workplace', 'new lease', 'new space', 'rental management', 'Press release', 'official inauguration', 'Photo credits', 'five units', 'two users', 'three units', 'strong growth', 'southern France', 'nine branches', 'eight regions', 'direct access', 'National Road', 'major route', 'Executive Board', 'Development teams', 'four projects', 'notable performance', 'strong indicator', '2026 financial calendar', 'stock exchange', 'General Assembly', 'Net sales', 'Half-year results', '2027 financial calendar', 'Annual results', 'leading player', 'blue-chip companies', 'tailor-made services', 'project phases', 'continental area', 'financial solidity', 'Investment-grade rating', 'stable outlook', 'third-party agencies', 'gold medal', 'silver medal', 'rated companies', 'EPRA Europe', 'Francis Albertinelli', 'General Secretary', 'Samy Bensaid', 'Investor Relations', 'Media relations', 'DIMOLOG teams', 'AutOnom® site', 'ideal location', 'labelled warehouses', 'development milestones', 'Euronext Paris', 'Euronext SBF', '1 st quarter', '2 nd quarter', '3rd quarter', '4 th quarter', 'logistics activities', 'DIMOTRANS Group', 'PREMIUM WAREHOUSES', 'early December', '30,700 sq', '19,300 sq', '65,000 sq', '35) location', '100 warehouses', 'Tuesday', 'January', 'ARGAN', 'Bretagne', 'signing', 'size', 'total', 'transport', 'operations', '700 employees', 'relevance', 'capital', 'Brittany', 'Chairman', 'model', 'Publication', 'closing', 'March', 'April', 'October', 'Au0nom®', 'energy', 'self-consumption', 'portfolio', 'Profitability', 'debt', 'sustainability', 'heart', 'DNA', 'BBB', 'Standard', 'Poor', 'stakeholders', 'Achievements', 'roadmap', 'GRESB', 'Sustainalytics', 'Ethifinance', 'Ecovadis', 'Compartment', 'ISIN', 'CAC', 'CFO', 'Head', 'Phone', 'mail', 'cdrconsultancy', 'Attachment', '5.45']",2026-01-27,2026-01-28,globenewswire.com
54785,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2026/01/27/3226832/0/en/Eurobio-Scientific-2025-FY-revenue.html,Eurobio Scientific: 2025 FY revenue,FISCAL YEAR 2025    CONFIRMATION OF STRATEGIC TRANSFORMATION  9% increase in annual revenue to €168 millionDeployment of the Group's strategy: Proprietary...,FISCAL YEAR 2025 CONFIRMATION OF STRATEGIC TRANSFORMATION9% increase in annual revenue to €168 millionDeployment of the Group's strategy: Proprietary products: 35% of revenue Internationalization: 42% of revenue generated outside FranceStrengthening of activities in Italy with the acquisition of Quimark and the assets of the Life Sciences unit of Voden Medical Instruments SpaParis  January 27  2026 - 5:40 p.m. - Eurobio Scientific (FR0013240934  ALERS)  a leading French group in in vitro medical diagnostics and life sciences today presents its consolidated annual revenue as of December 31  2025.9% growth in revenueEurobio Scientific recorded revenue of €168 million at the end of December 2025  compared with €154.2 million at the end of December 2024  representing an increase of +9%. On a comparable pro forma basis  i.e.  excluding the impact of acquisitions on the scope of consolidation  growth amounted to +2.3%.The scope effects for 2025 are detailed as follows:€4.9 million related to the inclusion of a share of the EndoPredict® and Prolaris® product lines acquired on August 1  2024 €1.2 million related to the acquisition of Quimark  also a distributor of EndoPredict® and Prolaris® in Italy  on March 1  2025 €4.1 million related to the acquisition of the Life Sciences unit of Voden Medical Instruments Spa.On a comparable basis  the €3.6 million increase in activity is mainly due to growth in France (+€5.2 million) driven by certain non-recurring factors such as the Chikungunya and Dengue epidemics in overseas territories and the extension of certain tenders in Transplantation  which maintained business volumes in this segment with the One Lambda product range. The GenDx subsidiary's business amounted to €33.5 million  an increase of 9% in 2025. The activities of certain European subsidiaries declined following the discontinuation of certain distribution ranges.in €m 2025 2024 Change Revenue 168.0 154.2 + 9% unauditedDeployment of the Group's strategyThe Group is pursuing its targeted geographic and technological expansion strategy  with the ambition of becoming a major international company in specialty diagnostics and offering its customers a comprehensive range of services based on molecular diagnostics using its own solutions and those of its partners.The share of proprietary products continues to growRevenue from proprietary products grew by more than 20% compared to 2024 and now accounts for 35% of total revenue  thanks in particular to the contribution of GenDx in transplantation and the infectious disease and quality control product ranges.An increasingly international GroupInternational sales represent 42% of revenue. This is linked to the acquisitions mentioned above and significant growth in activities  particularly for GenDx in the United States and Canada.Seegene distribution agreementEurobio Scientific and South Korean company Seegene have been partners since 2011 under a distribution agreement that generated approximately €48 million in revenue in fiscal year 2025.Seegene has indicated its desire to enter the French market directly upon expiry and in accordance with the terms of the distribution agreement  which ends on December 31  2026. As indicated in the Half-Year Financial Report as of June 30  2025  the parties are still in discussions to define the terms of this transition.The distribution agreement provides for Eurobio Scientific  with Seegene's agreement  to honor its private commercial contracts entered into before the expiry date of the distribution agreement for a maximum period of three years  as well as its public contracts for the duration of the tender process.OutlookThe Eurobio Scientific Group is maintaining and accelerating the implementation of the strategic priorities developed over several years: the development of proprietary products  internationalization  and the opening of new markets.Next information2025 FY results: April  10 2026  after close of tradingAbout Eurobio ScientificEurobio Scientific is a major player in the field of specialty in vitro diagnostics. It is involved in everything from research to the marketing of diagnostic tests in the fields of transplantation  immunology  and infectious diseases  and offers reagents for research laboratories  including pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies. With its numerous partnerships and strong hospital presence  Eurobio Scientific has its own extensive distribution network and a portfolio of proprietary products. The Group has approximately 320 employees  four production units based in the Paris region  Germany  the Netherlands  and the United States  and subsidiaries in Milan  Italy; Dorking  Great Britain; Sissach  Switzerland; Bünde  Germany; Antwerp  Belgium; and Utrecht  the Netherlands.Eurobio Scientific's reference shareholder is the holding company EB Development  acting in concert with funds managed by NextStage AM and IK Partners  as well as members of the Company's Board of Directors and senior management.For further information  visit: www.eurobio-scientific.comEurobio Scientific shares are listed on Euronext Growth Paris.Euronext Growth BPI Innovation  PEA-PME 150 and Next Biotech indices  Euronext European Rising Tech label. Ticker symbol: ALERS - ISIN code: FR0013240934 - Reuters: ALERS.PA - Bloomberg: ALERS:FPAttachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.03,0.94,0.03,True,English,"['Eurobio Scientific', '2025 FY revenue', 'Voden Medical Instruments Spa', 'One Lambda product range', 'quality control product ranges', 'comparable pro forma basis', 'The Eurobio Scientific Group', 'Half-Year Financial Report', 'strong hospital presence', 'four production units', 'Prolaris® product lines', 'private commercial contracts', 'vitro medical diagnostics', 'Life Sciences unit', 'extensive distribution network', 'South Korean company', 'technological expansion strategy', 'leading French group', 'The GenDx subsidiary', 'major international company', 'consolidated annual revenue', 'comparable basis', 'Seegene distribution agreement', 'distribution ranges', 'comprehensive range', 'The Group', 'vitro diagnostics', 'French market', 'public contracts', 'major player', 'international Group', 'International sales', 'molecular diagnostics', 'holding company', 'FISCAL YEAR', 'STRATEGIC TRANSFORMATION', 'Proprietary products', 'recurring factors', 'Dengue epidemics', 'overseas territories', 'infectious disease', 'United States', 'maximum period', 'three years', 'tender process', 'strategic priorities', 'several years', 'new markets', '2025 FY results', 'diagnostic tests', 'biotechnology companies', 'numerous partnerships', 'Great Britain', 'Bünde', 'reference shareholder', 'NextStage AM', 'senior management', 'specialty diagnostics', '2024 Change Revenue', 'total revenue', 'scope effects', 'business volumes', 'European subsidiaries', 'expiry date', 'Next information', 'research laboratories', 'Paris region', 'EB Development', 'IK Partners', '€3.6 million increase', 'significant growth', 'revenue Internationalization', '9% increase', '9% growth', 'CONFIRMATION', 'Deployment', 'France', 'Strengthening', 'activities', 'Italy', 'acquisition', 'Quimark', 'assets', 'January', 'ALERS', 'December', 'impact', 'consolidation', 'inclusion', 'EndoPredict®', 'August', 'distributor', 'March', 'activity', 'Chikungunya', 'extension', 'tenders', 'Transplantation', 'segment', 'discontinuation', 'geographic', 'ambition', 'customers', 'services', 'solutions', 'contribution', 'Canada', 'desire', 'accordance', 'terms', 'June', 'parties', 'discussions', 'transition', 'duration', 'Outlook', 'implementation', 'opening', 'April', 'close', 'trading', 'field', 'everything', 'marketing', 'immunology', 'reagents', 'pharmaceutical', 'portfolio', '320 employees', 'Germany', 'Netherlands', 'Milan', 'Dorking', 'Sissach', 'Switzerland', 'Antwerp', 'Belgium', 'Utrecht', 'concert', 'funds', 'members', 'Board', 'Directors', '5:40']",2026-01-27,2026-01-28,globenewswire.com
54786,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2026/01/27/3226523/0/en/Atos-Named-as-a-Leader-in-the-ISG-Provider-Lens-for-AI-Driven-Application-Managed-Services-and-Application-Development-Outsourcing.html,Atos Named as a Leader in the ISG Provider Lens™ for AI-Driven Application Managed Services and Application Development Outsourcing,Atos Named as a Leader in the ISG Provider Lens™ for AI-Driven Application Managed Services and Application Development Outsourcing...,Press ReleaseAtos Named as a Leader in the ISG Provider Lens™ for AI-Driven Application Managed Services and Application Development OutsourcingParis  France  January 27  2026 – Atos  a global leader in AI-powered digital transformation  has been named by Information Services Group (ISG)  the leading global research and advisory firm as a Leader in European AI-Driven Application Managed Services  and AI-Driven Application Development Outsourcing.This comprehensive vendor assessment covered 29 Service Providers  with Atos sharing the top Leader ranking with vendors such as Accenture  Capgemini  and Deloitte.The report highlights the rapid evolution of GenAI as the foundation of next-generation ADM services  where leading vendors such as Atos are successfully embedding capabilities like the Atos Polaris AI Platform to enable transformed service delivery. Atos Polaris AI Platform’s modules for development  support  testing  and modernization are becoming increasingly integrated into the software lifecycle  addressing critical client needs around efficiency  legacy modernization  security  regulatory compliance  and digital sovereignty.The assessment praised Atos’ leadership credentials in the delivery of AI-enabled modernization for regulated industries across Europe through a customer and compliance-centric approach built on its sovereign cloud stack  industry-specific architectures  and commitment to digital sovereignty and responsible AI.Atos was also highlighted for its advanced GenAI frameworks  guiding clients through phased  secure and sustainable adoption that fits seamlessly within demanding delivery pipelines  and its scaled  engineering-driven  industry domain-based delivery model—supported by proprietary tools such as the Atos Polaris AI Platform— which seamlessly automates the software development lifecycle and ensures consistent productivity gains.“Our recognition as a Leader by ISG is a testament to the advancements we’ve made in partnership with our clients to leverage the power of responsible AI to drive rapid  secure  compliant  and sovereign-first application modernization. In Europe  our Leadership position underscores the strength of our structured application management services  deep industry expertise  and advanced GenAI adoption. We are proud to deliver AI-embedded  compliance-driven modernization supported by sovereign-cloud architectures  enabling safe  low-risk transformation even in the most complex and highly regulated environments” said Leon Gilbert  Executive Vice-President  Digital Applications & Smart Platforms  Atos.“Atos stands out for its AI-driven modernization approach tailored to regulated industries  leveraging sovereign cloud and responsible AI principles to ensure compliance and security. Its structured GenAI enablement framework and proprietary tools like AppMod Toolkit and Machine One4Delivery deliver phased  risk-free adoption and industrialized delivery with strong engineering depth. Additionally  Atos combines AMS stability with embedded AI for automation  predictive analytics  and business-focused optimization  ensuring operational continuity  cost control  and resilience for complex enterprise environments” commented Oliver Nickels  Lead Analyst & Executive Advisor  ISG.To get a copy of the report  please visit Atos Digital Applications & Smart Platforms###About Atos GroupAtos Group is a global leader in digital transformation with c. 63 000 employees and annual revenue of c. €8 billion  operating in 61 countries under two brands — Atos for services and Eviden for products. European number one in cybersecurity  cloud and high performance computing  Atos Group is committed to a secure and decarbonized future and provides tailored AI-powered  end-to-end solutions for all industries. Atos Group is the brand under which Atos SE (Societas Europaea) operates. Atos SE is listed on Euronext Paris.The purpose of Atos Group is to help design the future of the information space. Its expertise and services support the development of knowledge  education and research in a multicultural approach and contribute to the development of scientific and technological excellence. Across the world  the Group enables its customers and employees  and members of societies at large to live  work and develop sustainably  in a safe and secure information space.Press ContactLaurent Massicot | laurent.massicot@atos.net |Attachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.04,0.95,0.01,True,English,"['AI-Driven Application Managed Services', 'Application Development Outsourcing', 'ISG Provider Lens™', 'Atos', 'Leader', 'scaled, engineering-driven, industry domain-based delivery model', 'European AI-Driven Application Managed Services', 'AI-Driven Application Development Outsourcing', 'Atos Polaris AI Platform', 'application management services', 'deep industry expertise', 'critical client needs', 'consistent productivity gains', 'sovereign-first application modernization', 'strong engineering depth', 'high performance computing', 'next-generation ADM services', 'demanding delivery pipelines', 'AI-driven modernization approach', 'advanced GenAI frameworks', 'GenAI enablement framework', 'AI-embedded, compliance-driven modernization', 'responsible AI principles', 'AI-powered digital transformation', 'comprehensive vendor assessment', 'advanced GenAI adoption', 'top Leader ranking', 'safe, low-risk transformation', 'Information Services Group', 'ISG Provider Lens™', 'sovereign cloud stack', 'complex enterprise environments', 'Atos’ leadership credentials', 'software development lifecycle', 'leading global research', 'secure information space', 'Atos Digital Applications', 'European number', 'software lifecycle', 'service delivery', 'industrialized delivery', 'Leadership position', 'regulated environments', 'legacy modernization', 'digital sovereignty', 'AI-enabled modernization', 'compliance-centric approach', 'sustainable adoption', 'risk-free adoption', 'multicultural approach', 'Press Release', 'global leader', 'advisory firm', '29 Service Providers', 'rapid evolution', 'leading vendors', 'industry-specific architectures', 'proprietary tools', 'sovereign-cloud architectures', 'Leon Gilbert', 'Executive Vice-President', 'Smart Platforms', 'AppMod Toolkit', 'Machine One4Delivery', 'AMS stability', 'predictive analytics', 'business-focused optimization', 'operational continuity', 'cost control', 'Oliver Nickels', 'Lead Analyst', 'Executive Advisor', 'annual revenue', 'two brands', 'end solutions', 'Societas Europaea', 'technological excellence', 'Press Contact', 'Atos Group', 'Atos SE', 'atos.net', 'regulated industries', 'regulatory compliance', 'decarbonized future', 'Euronext Paris', 'Laurent Massicot', 'France', 'January', 'Accenture', 'Capgemini', 'Deloitte', 'report', 'foundation', 'capabilities', 'transformed', 'modules', 'support', 'testing', 'efficiency', 'security', 'customer', 'commitment', 'clients', 'recognition', 'testament', 'advancements', 'partnership', 'strength', 'automation', 'resilience', 'copy', 'c.', '63,000 employees', '61 countries', 'Eviden', 'products', 'purpose', 'knowledge', 'education', 'scientific', 'world', 'members', 'societies', 'large', 'Attachment']",2026-01-27,2026-01-28,globenewswire.com
54787,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2026/01/27/3226830/0/en/Press-Release-Ipsos-strengthens-its-Audience-Measurement-expertise-in-Middle-East-North-Africa-with-the-acquisition-of-Seventh-Decimal.html,[Press Release] Ipsos strengthens its Audience Measurement expertise in Middle East & North Africa with the acquisition of Seventh Decimal,Ipsos strengthens its Audience Measurement expertise in Middle East & North Africa with the acquisition of Seventh Decimal  Paris  27 January 2026 -...,Ipsos strengthens its Audience Measurement expertise in Middle East & North Africa with the acquisition of Seventh DecimalParis  27 January 2026 - Ipsos announces the acquisition of Seventh Decimal  a research technology company specialising in Out-Of-Home (OOH) audience measurement. Established in 2019 and headquartered in the UAE  Seventh Decimal is still in the initial phase of its development and will benefit from Ipsos to scale.Leveraging proprietary  state-of-the-art mobility intelligence  the company delivers advanced OOH media exposure measurement for brands  media agencies  and media owners. Its platform provides predictive planning and post-campaign analytics  reporting on OOH exposure  frequency of exposure and granular results for both static and digital OOH.By integrating Seventh Decimal’s technology  Ipsos will further establish itself as a market-leader for OOH and add advanced mobility analytics to its end-to-end suite of OOH measurement services. The combined offering will become the global reference for OOH measurement and enable advanced metrics such as cross media comparability.Jean Laurent Poitou  CEO of Ipsos  declared: “This acquisition positions Ipsos as the market leader for Out-of-Home audience measurement in the region. It opens up new opportunities in other geographical areas and signals a clear  combined ambition to continue investing in cutting-edge capabilities”.Edouard Monin  CEO of Ipsos in MENA  added: “Our partnership with Seventh Decimal represents a significant advancement in understanding and measuring the performance of Out-Of-Home in the Middle East and other regions. By modelling mobility data  Ipsos delivers new insights that enable the market to evaluate the effectiveness of various forms of outdoor advertising”.Maud Moawad and Lewaa Hamadeh  co-founders of Seventh Decimal  stated: “Over the past five years  we have built an OOH audience measurement system in partnership with thought leaders from both media owners and media agencies. We remain committed to valuing and elevating the OOH industry in the region and beyond  and we look forward to further strengthening our offering by leveraging the technology and research synergies with Ipsos”.ABOUT IPSOSIpsos is one of the largest market research and polling companies globally  operatingin 90 markets and employing nearly 20 000 people.Our passionately curious research professionals  analysts and scientists have built unique multi-specialist capabilities that provide true understanding and powerful insights into the actions  opinions and motivations of citizens  consumers  patients  customers or employees. Our 75 business solutions are based on primary data from our surveys  social media monitoring  and qualitative or observational techniques.“Game Changers” – our tagline – summarizes our ambition to help our 5 000 clients navigate with confidence our rapidly changing world.Founded in France in 1975  Ipsos has been listed on the Euronext Paris since July 1  1999. The company is part of the SBF 120  Mid-60 indices and is eligible for the Deferred Settlement Service (SRD).ISIN code FR0000073298  Reuters ISOS.PA  Bloomberg IPS:FPwww.ipsos.com35 rue du Val de Marne75 628 Paris  Cedex 13 FranceTel. +33 1 41 98 90 00Attachment,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,neutral,0.04,0.96,0.0,True,English,"['Audience Measurement expertise', 'Middle East', 'North Africa', 'Seventh Decimal', 'Ipsos', 'acquisition', 'advanced OOH media exposure measurement', 'OOH audience measurement system', 'Audience Measurement expertise', 'OOH) audience measurement', 'Jean Laurent Poitou', 'past five years', 'Deferred Settlement Service', 'Val de Marne', 'OOH measurement services', 'curious research professionals', 'cross media comparability', 'social media monitoring', 'other geographical areas', 'unique multi-specialist capabilities', 'Home audience measurement', 'advanced mobility analytics', 'largest market research', 'clear, combined ambition', 'research technology company', 'advanced metrics', 'OOH exposure', 'research synergies', 'media agencies', 'media owners', 'digital OOH.', 'OOH industry', 'post-campaign analytics', 'cutting-edge capabilities', 'other regions', 'mobility intelligence', 'mobility data', 'Middle East', 'North Africa', 'Seventh Decimal', 'initial phase', 'proprietary, state', 'predictive planning', 'granular results', 'combined offering', 'global reference', 'market leader', 'new opportunities', 'Edouard Monin', 'significant advancement', 'new insights', 'various forms', 'outdoor advertising', 'Maud Moawad', 'Lewaa Hamadeh', 'thought leaders', 'polling companies', 'powerful insights', '75 business solutions', 'primary data', 'observational techniques', 'Game Changers', 'changing world', 'Mid-60 indices', 'ISIN code', 'Reuters ISOS', 'Bloomberg IPS', 'end suite', 'true understanding', 'Euronext Paris', 'Ipsos', 'acquisition', 'UAE', 'development', 'art', 'brands', 'platform', 'frequency', 'static', 'market-leader', 'CEO', 'MENA', 'performance', 'effectiveness', 'founders', '90 markets', '20,000 people', 'analysts', 'scientists', 'actions', 'opinions', 'motivations', 'citizens', 'consumers', 'patients', 'customers', 'employees', 'surveys', 'qualitative', 'tagline', '5,000 clients', 'confidence', 'rapidly', 'France', 'July', 'SRD', '35 rue', 'Cedex', 'Tel.', 'Attachment', '33']",2026-01-27,2026-01-28,globenewswire.com
54788,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2026/01/27/3226090/0/en/Progress-on-share-buyback-programme.html,Progress on share buyback programme,Progress on share buyback programme  ING announced today that  as part of our €1.1 billion share buyback programme announced on 30 October 2025  in...,Progress on share buyback programmeING announced today that  as part of our €1.1 billion share buyback programme announced on 30 October 2025  in total 1 907 413 shares were repurchased during the week of 19 January up to and including 23 January 2026.The shares were repurchased at an average price of €24.33 for a total amount of €46 405 706.45. For detailed information on the daily repurchased shares  individual share purchase transactions and weekly reports  see the updates on the share buyback programme on our website.In line with the purpose of the programme to reduce the share capital of ING  the total number of shares repurchased under this programme to date is 22 914 295 at an average price of €23.06 for a total consideration of €528 355 124.28. To date approximately 48.03% of the maximum total value of the share buyback programme has been completed.Note for editorsFor further information on ING  please visit www.ing.com. Frequent news updates can be found in the Newsroom. Photos of ING operations  buildings and its executives are available for download at Flickr.Press enquiries Investor enquiries ING Group Media Relations ING Group Investor Relations +31 20 576 5000 +31 20 576 6396 media.relations@ing.com Investor.Relations@ing.comING PROFILEING is a global financial institution with a strong European base  offering banking services through its operating company ING Bank. The purpose of ING Bank is: empowering people to stay a step ahead in life and in business. ING Bank’s more than 60 000 employees offer retail and wholesale banking services to customers in over 100 countries.ING Group shares are listed on the exchanges of Amsterdam (INGA NA  INGA.AS)  Brussels and on the New York Stock Exchange (ADRs: ING US  ING.N).ING aims to put sustainability at the heart of what we do. Our policies and actions are assessed by independent research and ratings providers  which give updates on them annually. ING's ESG rating by MSCI has been upgraded from 'AA' to 'AAA' in October 2025. As of June 2025  in Sustainalytics’ view  ING’s management of ESG material risk is ‘Strong’ with an ESG risk rating of 18.0 (low risk). ING Group shares are also included in major sustainability and ESG index products of leading providers. Here are some examples: Euronext  STOXX  Morningstar and FTSE Russell. Society is transitioning to a low-carbon economy. So are our clients  and so is ING. We finance a lot of sustainable activities  but we still finance more that’s not. Follow our progress on ing.com/climate.IMPORTANT LEGAL INFORMATIONElements of this press release contain or may contain information about ING Groep N.V. and/ or ING Bank N.V. within the meaning of Article 7(1) to (4) of EU Regulation No 596/2014 (‘Market Abuse Regulation’).ING Group’s annual accounts are prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards as adopted by the European Union (‘IFRS- EU’). In preparing the financial information in this document  except as described otherwise  the same accounting principles are applied as in the 2024 ING Group consolidated annual accounts. All figures in this document are unaudited. Small differences are possible in the tables due to rounding.Certain of the statements contained herein are not historical facts  including  without limitation  certain statements made of future expectations and other forward-looking statements that are based on management’s current views and assumptions and involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results  performance or events to diﬀer materially from those expressed or implied in such statements. Actual results  performance or events may diﬀer materially from those in such statements due to a number of factors  including  without limitation: (1) changes in general economic conditions and customer behaviour  in particular economic conditions in ING’s core markets  including changes affecting currency exchange rates and the regional and global economic impact of the invasion of Russia into Ukraine and related international response measures (2) changes affecting interest rate levels (3) any default of a major market participant and related market disruption (4) changes in performance of financial markets  including in Europe and developing markets (5) fiscal uncertainty in Europe and the United States (6) discontinuation of or changes in ‘benchmark’ indices (7) inflation and deflation in our principal markets (8) changes in conditions in the credit and capital markets generally  including changes in borrower and counterparty creditworthiness (9) failures of banks falling under the scope of state compensation schemes (10) non- compliance with or changes in laws and regulations  including those concerning financial services  financial economic crimes and tax laws  and the interpretation and application thereof (11) geopolitical risks  political instabilities and policies and actions of governmental and regulatory authorities  including in connection with the invasion of Russia into Ukraine and the related international response measures (12) legal and regulatory risks in certain countries with less developed legal and regulatory frameworks (13) prudential supervision and regulations  including in relation to stress tests and regulatory restrictions on dividends and distributions (also among members of the group) (14) ING’s ability to meet minimum capital and other prudential regulatory requirements (15) changes in regulation of US commodities and derivatives businesses of ING and its customers (16) application of bank recovery and resolution regimes  including write down and conversion powers in relation to our securities (17) outcome of current and future litigation  enforcement proceedings  investigations or other regulatory actions  including claims by customers or stakeholders who feel misled or treated unfairly  and other conduct issues (18) changes in tax laws and regulations and risks of non-compliance or investigation in connection with tax laws  including FATCA (19) operational and IT risks  such as system disruptions or failures  breaches of security  cyber-attacks  human error  changes in operational practices or inadequate controls including in respect of third parties with which we do business and including any risks as a result of incomplete  inaccurate  or otherwise flawed outputs from the algorithms and data sets utilized in artificial intelligence (20) risks and challenges related to cybercrime including the eﬀects of cyberattacks and changes in legislation and regulation related to cybersecurity and data privacy  including such risks and challenges as a consequence of the use of emerging technologies  such as advanced forms of artificial intelligence and quantum computing (21) changes in general competitive factors  including ability to increase or maintain market share (22) inability to protect our intellectual property and infringement claims by third parties (23) inability of counterparties to meet financial obligations or ability to enforce rights against such counterparties (24) changes in credit ratings (25) business  operational  regulatory  reputation  transition and other risks and challenges in connection with climate change  diversity  equity and inclusion and other ESG-related matters  including data gathering and reporting and also including managing the conflicting laws and requirements of governments  regulators and authorities with respect to these topics (26) inability to attract and retain key personnel (27) future liabilities under defined benefit retirement plans (28) failure to manage business risks  including in connection with use of models  use of derivatives  or maintaining appropriate policies and guidelines (29) changes in capital and credit markets  including interbank funding  as well as customer deposits  which provide the liquidity and capital required to fund our operations  and (30) the other risks and uncertainties detailed in the most recent annual report of ING Groep N.V. (including the Risk Factors contained therein) and ING’s more recent disclosures  including press releases  which are available on www.ing.com.This document may contain ESG-related material that has been prepared by ING on the basis of publicly available information  internally developed data and other third-party sources believed to be reliable. ING has not sought to independently verify information obtained from public and third-party sources and makes no representations or warranties as to accuracy  completeness  reasonableness or reliability of such information. This document may also discuss one or more specific transactions and/or contain general statements about ING’s ESG approach. The approach and criteria referred to in this document are intended to be applied in accordance with applicable law. Due to the fact that there may be different or even conflicting laws  the approach  criteria or the application thereof  could be different.Materiality  as used in the context of ESG  is distinct from  and should not be confused with  such term as defined in the Market Abuse Regulation or as defined for Securities and Exchange Commission (‘SEC’) reporting purposes. Any issues identified as material for purposes of ESG in this document are therefore not necessarily material as defined in the Market Abuse Regulation or for SEC reporting purposes. In addition  there is currently no single  globally recognized set of accepted definitions in assessing whether activities are “green” or “sustainable.” Without limiting any of the statements contained herein  we make no representation or warranty as to whether any of our securities constitutes a green or sustainable security or conforms to present or future investor expectations or objectives for green or sustainable investing. For information on characteristics of a security  use of proceeds  a description of applicable project(s) and/or any other relevant information  please reference the offering documents for such security.This document may contain inactive textual addresses to internet websites operated by us and third parties. Reference to such websites is made for information purposes only  and information found at such websites is not incorporated by reference into this document. ING does not make any representation or warranty with respect to the accuracy or completeness of  or take any responsibility for  any information found at any websites operated by third parties. ING specifically disclaims any liability with respect to any information found at websites operated by third parties. ING cannot guarantee that websites operated by third parties remain available following the publication of this document  or that any information found at such websites will not change following the filing of this document. Many of those factors are beyond ING’s control.Any forward-looking statements made by or on behalf of ING speak only as of the date they are made  and ING assumes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements  whether as a result of new information or for any other reason.This document does not constitute an oﬀer to sell  or a solicitation of an oﬀer to purchase  any securities in the United States or any other jurisdiction.Attachment,neutral,0.41,0.58,0.01,mixed,0.11,0.13,0.75,True,English,"['share buyback programme', 'Progress', '2024 ING Group consolidated annual accounts', 'New York Stock Exchange', 'individual share purchase transactions', 'ING Groep N.V.', 'International Financial Reporting Standards', 'ING Group Media Relations', 'operating company ING Bank', 'ING Bank N.V.', '€1.1 billion share buyback programme', 'ING Group Investor Relations', 'currency exchange rates', 'international response measures', 'same accounting principles', 'global economic impact', 'interest rate levels', 'state compensation schemes', 'ESG index products', 'related international response', 'global financial institution', 'financial economic crimes', 'strong European base', 'Market Abuse Regulation', 'major market participant', 'ESG material risk', 'general economic conditions', 'particular economic conditions', 'related market disruption', 'daily repurchased shares', 'maximum total value', 'ESG risk rating', 'wholesale banking services', 'IMPORTANT LEGAL INFORMATION', 'ING Group shares', 'Frequent news updates', 'other forward-looking statements', 'ESG rating', 'share capital', 'Investor enquiries', 'financial services', 'low risk', 'financial markets', 'EU Regulation', 'European Union', 'financial information', 'ING operations', 'ING PROFILE', 'average price', 'total amount', 'weekly reports', 'total consideration', 'Press enquiries', 'INGA NA', 'INGA.AS', 'independent research', 'ratings providers', 'Sustainalytics’ view', 'major sustainability', 'leading providers', 'FTSE Russell', 'low-carbon economy', 'sustainable activities', 'press release', 'IFRS- EU', 'Small differences', 'historical facts', 'future expectations', 'current views', 'unknown risks', 'actual results', 'customer behaviour', 'core markets', 'developing markets', 'fiscal uncertainty', 'United States', 'principal markets', 'capital markets', 'counterparty creditworthiness', 'geopolitical risks', 'political instabilities', 'regulatory authorities', 'detailed information', 'total number', 'tax laws', '1,907,413 shares', 'Progress', '30 October', '19 January', '23 January', 'website', 'line', 'purpose', 'Note', 'editors', 'Newsroom', 'Photos', 'buildings', 'executives', 'download', 'Flickr', 'people', 'life', 'business', '60,000 employees', 'retail', 'customers', '100 countries', 'exchanges', 'Amsterdam', 'Brussels', 'ADRs', 'heart', 'policies', 'MSCI', 'AA', 'June', 'management', 'examples', 'Euronext', 'STOXX', 'Morningstar', 'Society', 'clients', 'lot', 'Elements', 'meaning', 'Article', 'accordance', 'document', 'figures', 'tables', 'rounding', 'limitation', 'assumptions', 'uncertainties', 'performance', 'events', 'factors', 'regional', 'invasion', 'Russia', 'Ukraine', 'default', 'discontinuation', 'benchmark', 'indices', 'inflation', 'deflation', 'borrower', 'failures', 'banks', 'scope', 'compliance', 'regulations', 'interpretation', 'application', 'governmental', 'connection', '18.0']",2026-01-27,2026-01-28,globenewswire.com
54789,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2026/01/27/3226829/0/en/Aramis-Group-2026-first-quarter-activity.html,Aramis Group - 2026 first-quarter activity,Aramis Group - 2026 first-quarter activity...,"PRESS RELEASEArcueil  January 27th  20262026 first-quarter activityPerformance in line with expectations2026 objectives confirmedRevenues at December 31  2025  first quarter of the fiscal year ending September 30  2026First quarter 2026 revenues of €550.4 million  down -4.8% compared to the first quarter of 2025B2C vehicle volumes are down -5.6% compared to the first quarter of 2025  with heterogeneous trends across countries  in line with a market 1 declining by -6% declining by -6%  France outperforms the market by 12 points  once again highlighting the relevance and robustness of its model. In the United Kingdom (-20.3%) and Austria (-35.4%)  engaged in a management transition  teams are focusing on raising fundamentalsPre-registered vehicle volumes increased (+7.5%) and refurbished vehicle volumes decreased (-9.3%) impacted by the ongoing transition phases in the United Kingdom and AustriaCustomer satisfaction remains very high (NPS of 75 2 as of December 2025) thanks to our great team  fully committed both in daily operations and in implementing the strategyas of December 2025) thanks to our great team  fully committed both in daily operations and in implementing the strategy 2026 financial targets confirmed: At least 115 000 total B2C vehicles sold volumes; At least €55 million in adjusted EBITDA;Nicolas Chartier and Guillaume Paoli  co-founders3 of Aramis Group:“In a deteriorating market environment  France outperforms the market by 12 points  confirming the strength of our model and the relevance of our value proposition. At the same time  first quarter performance was impacted by the ongoing transitions in the United Kingdom and Austria  as announced during the annual results presentation. In the United Kingdom  the focus toward profitability improvement is progressing in line with our expectations  while in Austria  the transformation phase is continuing. These decisions are aimed at laying the foundations for profitable and sustainable growth in these countries. We are determined and confident as we continue to roll out our convergence strategy towards a unified operating system  with a view to delivering profitable  cash-generating growth”2026 FIRST-QUARTER ACTIVITYOverview of volumes and revenues2026 first-quarter B2C volumesIn units Reported basis Q1 2026 Q1 2025 Var. % Refurbished cars 20 345 22 440 -9.3% Pre-registered cars 6 924 6 439 +7.5% Total B2C volumes 27 269 28 879 -5.6%2026 first-quarter revenuesBy segmentIn millions of euros Reported basis Q1 2026 Q1 2025 Var. % Refurbished cars 343.1 386.2 -11.1% Pre-registered cars 143.3 126.2 +13.6% Total B2C 486.4 512.4 -5.1% Total B2B 33.9 37.7 -10.2% Total services 30.0 28.1 +7.1% Revenues 550.4 578.2 -4.8%By countryIn millions of euros Reported basis Q1 2026 Q1 2025 Var. % France 264.9 248.5 +6.6% Belgium 73.7 78.7 -6.3% Spain 77.4 77.6 -0.3% United Kingdom 90.5 117.5 -23.0% Austria 35.1 49.0 -28.5% Italy 8.7 6.8 +29.0% Revenues 550.4 578.2 -4.8%Analysis of the change in revenues per segmentB2C – sales of cars to private customers (88% of revenues)Revenues for the B2C segment – corresponding to sales of refurbished and pre-registered cars to private customers – reached €486.4 million in the first quarter of 2026  down -5.1% compared to fiscal year 2025  primarily linked to a volume effect of -5.6%.Revenues for the refurbished cars segment amounted to €343.1 million  down -11.1%  broken down into a volume effect of -9.3% and a price effect of -1.8%. This dynamic is notably explained by the ongoing transition phase linked to the founders' departure in the UK and Austria.Revenues for the pre-registered car segment reached €143.3 million  up +13.6% compared to 2025  including a volume effect of +7.5% and a price effect of +6.0%  once again demonstrating the Group's ability to seize opportunities thanks to its unique network of suppliers across Europe.In a declining market environment  Aramis Group posted quarterly performance in line with the market for vehicles under 8 years old (-6% compared to the first quarter of 2025). This performance was achieved in a context where the Group undertook a transformation of its operations in the United Kingdom and Austria. The Group is demonstrating its ability to simultaneously conduct operational discipline and structural transformation.B2B – sales of cars to professional customers (6% of revenues)B2B segment revenues amounted to €33.9 million in the first quarter of 2026  down -10.2% compared to fiscal year 2025  due to a decline in the average selling price of vehicles sold in B2B with an impact of -3.2% and a decrease in volumes with an impact of -6.9%.Services (5% of revenues)Revenue generated by services amounted to €30.0 million in fiscal year 2026  up +7.1% compared to the first quarter of 2025. The Group continues to enrich its services offering across all its markets  in line with the strategy announced at the Capital Markets Day  to bring ever more value to its customers.Analysis of the change in revenues per countryIn France  revenues amounted to €264.9 million  up +6.6% compared to the first quarter of 2025. This growth is explained by an increase in total volumes of +4.4% in a market for used vehicles under 8 years old down -7.1%. This outperformance of +12 points illustrates the Group's ability to maintain sustained growth in its primary market and confirms  once again  the relevance of the French model  which Aramis Group is gradually deploying across its other geographies. Refurbished vehicle volumes declined by -5.2%  while pre-registered vehicle volumes showed strong growth of +20.8% during the quarter.In Belgium  revenues amounted to €73.7 million  down -6.3% compared to the first quarter of 2025. Volumes declined by -7.7% during the quarter  in line with market trends. This performance is mainly explained by temporary supply difficulties for pre-registered vehicles during October and November  which resulted in a -25.0% decline in volumes in this segment  as well as an unfavorable base effect after the very strong performance of the first quarter of 2025. Conversely  the refurbished vehicle activity showed strong momentum with double-digit growth of +10.9%  confirming the strength of the business model in this market.In Spain  revenues amounted to €77.4 million  stable compared to the first quarter of 2025. However  volumes showed growth of +2.8%  outperforming a market down -2.9%. To accelerate this growth  which remains below our expectations  we are continuing to develop the C2B channel (which is up +72% compared to the first quarter of 2025).In the United Kingdom  revenues amounted to €90.5 million for the quarter  with total volumes down -20.3% compared to the first quarter of 2025. This trend is part of the strategic focus on profitability initiated in the second half of 2025  which concretely resulted in the discontinuation of sales of low-margin vehicles and the optimization of marketing investments. As anticipated  this approach resulted in a controlled reduction in volumes  offset by a significant improvement in unit margin (+€175/unit compared to the first quarter of 2025).In Austria  revenues amounted to €35.1 million  down -28.5% compared to the first quarter of 2025. Volumes showed a marked decline of -35.4% during the quarter  in a market down -5.8%. The Group is strengthening its purchasing teams. This is a key step whose effects are expected to materialize gradually over the coming months  in a market which retains very high potential  driven by solid fundamentals and medium-term growth prospects.In Italy  volumes showed strong growth of +34.9% compared to the first quarter of 2025. This performance confirms the pertinence of the management team reorganization measures and commercial strategy adjustments implemented during the second half of fiscal year 2025. The country continues its growth trajectory begun at the end of last year and is fully aligned with the Group's objectives.OUTLOOKIn line with the commitments made during the annual results presentation last November  the Group reiterates its ambition to lay the foundations for healthy  profitable  and cash-generating growth. This requires a transition year during which we are making fundamental adjustments in certain countries  temporarily resulting in a decline in volumes.Aramis Group confirms its 2026 objectives:At least 115 000 total B2C vehicles sold volumes;At least €55 million in adjusted EBITDA;GOVERNANCEThe governance of Aramis Group's Board of Directors will soon evolve following the forthcoming resignation of Anne Abboud from her term as a director representing the Stellantis group (via Automobiles Peugeot  its reference shareholder)  effective January 31  2026. This departure is part of new responsibilities assumed by Anne Abboud outside the Stellantis group. Her replacement on the Board of Directors will be proposed shortly.***Next financial information:2026 first-half results: May 19  2026 (after market close)2026 third-quarter activity: July 23  2026 (after market close)2026 annual results: November 25  2026 (after market close)About Aramis Group – www.aramis.groupAramis Group is the European leader for B2C online used car sales and operates in six countries. A fast-growing group  an e-commerce expert and a vehicle refurbishing pioneer  Aramis Group takes action each day for more sustainable mobility with an offering that is part of the circular economy. Founded in 2001  it has been revolutionizing its market for over 20 years  focused on ensuring the satisfaction of its customers and capitalizing on digital technology and employee engagement to create value for all its stakeholders. With annual revenues of more than €2.3 billion  Aramis Group sells more than 119 000 B2C vehicles and welcomes close to 70 million visitors across all its digital platforms each year. The Group employs more than 2 400 people and has nine industrial-scale refurbishing centers throughout Europe. Aramis Group is listed on Euronext Paris Compartment B (Ticker: ARAMI – ISIN: FR0014003U94)DisclaimerCertain information included in this press release is not historical data but forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are based on current beliefs and assumptions  including  but not limited to  assumptions about current and future business strategies and the environment in which Aramis Group operates  and involve known and unknown risks  uncertainties and other factors  which may cause actual results or performance  or the results or other events  to be materially different from those expressed or implied in such forward-looking statements. These risks and uncertainties include those discussed or identified in Chapter 4 ""Risk Factors and Control Environment"" of the Universal Registration Document dated December 18  2025  filed with the French Financial Markets Authority (AMF) under number D.25-0778 and available on the Group's website (www.aramis.group) and on the AMF website (www.amffrance.org). These forward-looking statements and information are not guarantees of future performance. Forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this press release. This press release does not contain or constitute an offer of securities or an invitation or inducement to invest in securities in France  the United States or any other jurisdiction.Investors contactinvestor@aramis.groupPress contactsBrunswickHugues BoëtonTristan Roquet-Montégonaramisgroup@brunswickgroup.com1 Used car market for vehicles under 8 years old across the Group’s six geographies  sourced from S&P Global and Aramis Group2 Net Promoter Score  a widely used indicator of customer satisfaction  as of December 31  20253 Nicolas Chartier serves as Chairman and CEO of the Company  while Guillaume Paoli is Deputy CEO  based on a rotation every two yearsAttachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.5,0.16,0.35,True,English,"['Aramis Group', '2026 first-quarter activity', 'annual results presentation', 'unified operating system', 'average selling price', 'ongoing transition phases', 'Capital Markets Day', 'deteriorating market environment', 'declining market environment', 'profitable, cash-generating growth', 'B2C vehicle volumes', 'Var. % Refurbished cars', 'registered vehicle volumes', 'Total B2C volumes', '2026 first-quarter B2C volumes', '115,000 total B2C vehicles', 'first quarter performance', 'B2B segment revenues', 'management transition', 'ongoing transitions', 'sustainable growth', 'price effect', 'B2C segment', '2026 first-quarter activity', 'registered cars', 'transformation phase', 'Total B2B', 'PRESS RELEASE', 'January 27th', 'fiscal year', 'heterogeneous trends', 'United Kingdom', 'Customer satisfaction', 'great team', '2026 financial targets', 'adjusted EBITDA', 'Nicolas Chartier', 'Guillaume Paoli', 'same time', 'profitability improvement', 'volume effect', ""founders' departure"", 'unique network', 'operational discipline', 'car segment', 'private customers', 'quarterly performance', 'professional customers', 'cars segment', 'daily operations', 'Aramis Group', 'The Group', 'structural transformation', 'Total services', 'value proposition', '2026 first-quarter revenues', 'convergence strategy', '2026 revenues', 'Arcueil', 'expectations', '2026 objectives', 'December', 'countries', 'France', '12 points', 'relevance', 'robustness', 'model', 'Austria', 'teams', 'fundamentals', 'NPS', 'founders3', 'strength', 'focus', 'decisions', 'foundations', 'view', 'units', 'Q1', 'millions', 'euros', 'country', 'Belgium', 'Spain', 'Italy', 'Analysis', 'change', 'sales', 'dynamic', 'UK', 'opportunities', 'suppliers', 'Europe', 'context', 'decline', 'impact', 'decrease']",2026-01-27,2026-01-28,globenewswire.com
54790,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2026/01/27/3226859/0/en/GROUPE-PARTOUCHE-Annual-Income-2024-2025-Strong-results-achieved-through-investments-and-arbitrage-in-the-portfolio.html,GROUPE PARTOUCHE: Annual Income 2024/2025 - Strong results achieved through investments and arbitrage in the portfolio,Annual Income 2024/2025  Strong results achieved through investments and arbitrage in the portfolio  Turnover:                                  € 460.2 M...,"Annual Income 2024/2025Strong results achieved through investments and arbitrage in the portfolioTurnover: € 460.2 M (+6 0 %)EBITDA: € 94.4 M (+27 8 %)Current operating income: € 30.8 M (+56 6 %)Net Income: € 52.7 M (+€ 48 6 M)Financial situation: Gearing of 0.4x & Leverage of 2.1xParis  27th January 2026  06:00 p.m.During its meeting held today and after having reviewed the management report of Groupe Partouche Executive Board  the Supervisory Board examined the annual accounts at 31st October 2025 that are being audited.Sustained growth in the annual turnoverGross Gaming Revenue (GGR) increased by 5.1% to € 748.3 M in 2025  compared to € 712.3 M in 2024. This growth was driven by increases in slot machines GGR (+3.6%) and table gaming GGR (+9.6%). On a like-for-like basis  excluding the acquisition of Casino Partouche Cannes 50 Croisette on 28th February 2025  and the opening of the Cotonou casino in Benin on 28th January 2025  GGR would have increased by 3.0% to € 734.1 M (vs. € 712.3 M in 2024).Net Gaming Revenue (NGR) rose by +4 0% to € 352.4 M for the full year. Income excluding PNJ increased by +12.4% to € 110.7 M.2025 consolidated turnover progress by +6.0% at € 460.2 M  compared to € 434.3 M in 2024.A financial performance reflecting the relevance of the growth strategicHaving cautiously maintained the position adopted as of 31st October 2021  in recent fiscal years  given certain uncertainties regarding the treatment of social security contribution relief received during the Covid-19 pandemic  Groupe Partouche has restored its liabilities and reduced them by € 12.2 M as of 31st October 2025  thereby positively impacting its EBITDA and Current Operating Income (the ""employees expenses"" item in the consolidated income statement).EBITDA reaches € 94.4 M compared to € 73.9 M a year earlier (+27.8%) and thus represents 20.5% of turnover (vs 17.0% in 2024). Excluding this effect  EBITDA amounts to € 82.2 M (17.9% of turnover)  an increase of € 8.4 M (+11.2%) compared to the previous year.Current operating income (COI) progress by +56.6% at € 30.8 M compared to € 19.7 M in 2024. The COI of the casino sector increased by +33.4% and reached € 41.0 M (compared to € 30.7 M in 2024)  COI of the hotel sector's restored financial balance at € 0.9 M and the COI for the ""Other"" sector remained unprofitable at -€ 11.1 M for the year (compared to -€ 9.8 M for the previous year) impacted by the depreciation charge related to the acquisition of the building on Avenue de La Grande Armée (-€ 2.1 M).Purchases and external expenses amounted to € 152.5 M  an increase of € 5.5 M (+3.8%)  with the following:an increase in material purchases of + € 1.8 M (+4.1%). The rise in purchases of solids  liquids and goods (+€ 2.7 M) in parallel with the increase in bars and hotels turnover were partially offset by the decrease in energy expenses of € 1.1 M thanks to the renegotiation of electricity tariffs;an increase in banking services (+30.3%) linked to the implementation of the new syndicated loan;an increase in subcontracting costs (+€ 0.8 M) in particular the cleaning costs (+€ 0.3 M);an increase in professional fees and related expenses (services and partnerships  commissions  fees…) and conversely  a decrease in advertising/marketing expenses linked to better control of this category and the cessation of the online sports betting activities.Taxes and duties are on the rise  increasing from € 17.6 M in 2024 to € 18.7 M in 2025  i.e. +6.1%.As mentioned previously  personnel expenses remained broadly stable at € 182.6 M  notably due to the elimination of the social liabilities (+€ 12.2 M). Neutralizing this positive impact  they increased by € 11.3 M following the integration of the teams from the Partouche Cannes 50 Croisette Casino (+€ 3.8 M) and the Cotonou Casino (+€ 0.3 M)  the ramp-up of casinos that have completed major renovations (Divonne  La Tour-de-Salvagny  and Annemasse  for a total of +€ 2.9 M)  additional staff required for poker tournaments (+€ 0.5 M)  and the agreements on contractual minimum wages as of 1st February 2025 and 1st July 2025. Employee profit-sharing also increased by +€ 0.9 M.The increase in depreciation and amortization on fixed assets of +17.5% to € 60.8 M reflects the following factors:New acquisitions and changes in the scope of consolidation: building on Avenue de La Grande Armée (+€ 2.1 M) and Casino Partouche Cannes 50 Croisette (+€ 0.4 M) excluding IFRS 16 impact;The commissioning during the year of significant investments (+€ 1.5 M for La Tour-de-Salvagny  +€ 1.0 M for Divonne and +€ 0.3 M for Annemasse);IFRS 16 restatement (+€ 2.6 M)  notably the lease agreement for Casino Partouche Cannes 50 Croisette.Other current operating income and expenses represent a stable net expense of € 14.8 M. This item is impacted by the decrease in the contribution to the Meyrin Foundation from 1st January 2025  for a period of 5 years (-€ 1.5 M) and by the increase in royalties (+€ 1.0 M)  primarily related to the purchase of slot machines.Non-current operating income (NCOI) was a product of +€ 56.1 M  compared to a loss of -€ 4.4 M in 2024. In the absence of impairment of goodwill for the year  it is composed for € 57.0 M of the impact of the sale of the building that housed the Hotel 3.14 until October 2016 and the operation of the casino on the ground floor before its relocation to Palm Beach and for -€ 0.9 M of accelerated depreciation recorded in connection with renovation work on the Group's establishments.Consequently  the 2025 operating income reached € 86.9 M over the year  compared to € 15.2 M in 2024.The financial income represents a net expense of € 6.5 M  compared to € 3.3 M in 2024. The cost of financial debt  at € 8.8 M (+€ 2.8 M)  follows the increase in the Group's gross debt and the average annual interest rate. Financial expenses include the mark-to-market transaction related to the interest rate hedging in the form of a swap for the financing of the acquisition of the building on Avenue de La Grande Armée  amounting to -€ 0.4 M. Finally  financial expenses related to IFRS 16 lease liabilities  at € 4.0 M  increased slightly by € 0.2 M.The Group's tax expense amounted to € 22.8 M (including a stable CVAE at € 0.9 M)  compared to € 7.5 M in 2024 due to the rise in the corporate income tax expense (including deferred taxes) at € 21.9 M  compared to € 6.6 M in 2024. The change is primarily attributable to the very significant non-recurring tax bases generated during the year  which had a substantial impact on both current and deferred taxes:• the current tax expense related to the tax consolidation scheme amounted to -€ 12.5 M in 2025 (versus -€ 2.7 M in 2024)  due to the improvement in operating results and the effect of the asset disposal  with full utilization of the remaining carryforward tax losses;• deferred tax expense amounts to -€ 8.3 M in 2025 (versus -€ 2.9 M in N-1) of which -€ 7.5 M reflects the full utilization in 2025 of the remaining deferred tax assets recognized on the Group’s tax consolidation loss carryforwards.Ultimately  after taking into account the share of profit of equity-accounted investees (-€ 4.9 M)  which includes the impairment recorded on La Pensée Sauvage division following the revision of profit outlooks and the equity accounting of six new companies as part of the partnership with Bonne Compagnie  Groupe Partouche generated a profit of € 52.7 M (of which the Group’ share amounted to € 51.1 M) compared to € 4.1 M in 2024.Solid & healthy financial structureOn the assets side of the consolidated balance sheet  there was an increase in non-current assets of € 128.4 M  due in particular to:+€93.3 M increase in property  plant and equipment resulting from: the acquisition of the building avenue de La Grande Armée (€ 68.6 M); right-of-use assets from new real estate lease contracts (Casino Partouche Cannes 50 Croisette for € 11 8 M and Casino du Lac de Meyrin in Switzerland for € 11 8 M); the volume of investments  notably in the casino of La Tour-de-Salvagny (€ 4 2 M) and work-in-progress investments in Meyrin (€ 6 9 M)  Vichy (€ 4 6 M)  La Ciotat (€ 2 1 M)  as well as by SCI Pietra Tenaga for its fit-out works carried out in the building avenue de La Grande Armée (€ 10 7 M); partially offset by the disposal of the residual value of the walls of Hôtel 3.14 (-€ 8 5 M);+€38.4 M increase in other non-current financial assets in connection with the € 43.0 M loan granted by Groupe Partouche to its reference shareholder Financière Partouche (of which € 7 0 M are presented in Other current assets at year-end in respect of the first N+1 maturity).There is also an increase in current assets of +€ 55.1 M  mainly due to positive cash-flow generation of +€ 46.9 M  notably from the disposal of the building that housed the Hôtel 3.14 and the issuance of the new syndicated loan.On the liabilities side  the Group’ equity  minority shareholding included  total € 410.5 M (+€ 45.5 M) after a profit income over the financial year of € 52.7 M.Gross financial debt of € 418.6 M increased by € 121.0 M (current and non-current portion) after taking into account:the new € 65.0 M syndicated loan  and conversely the payment of its first quarterly installment of € 2.7 M;which notably enabled the early repayment of the outstanding principal of the former 2019 syndicated credit facility  of the revolving credit line drawn during the year  and of the state-guaranteed loan (PGE) (respectively –€ 21.7 M  –€ 10.0 M and –€8.2 M including the 2025 scheduled maturities);the financing of the acquisition of the building avenue de La Grande Armée of € 60.0 M  and conversely the payment of the first three quarterly installments of € 3.2 M;the arrangement of new borrowings for € 37.5 M and  in the opposite direction  the repayment of other bank loans for –€ 21.0 M;The net impact of the treatment of lease contracts under IFRS 16  amounting to +€ 14.8 M (primarily due to an increase in new lease subscriptions offset by the increase in right-of-use assets classified as non-current assets  and a decrease in the payment of lease liabilities for the financial year).The financial debt amounts to € 163.9 M  compared to € 104.1 M in 2024  up by € 59.8 M.The financial structure of the Group remains healthy with the ratios of leverage (Net Debt / EBITDA) & gearing (Net Debt/Equity) respectively of 2.1x and 0.4x (compared to 1.7x and 0.3x in 2024).Increase of the dividend for the financial year 2024/2025Groupe Partouche plans to distribute a dividend for the 2024/2025 financial year on the rise  the amount and terms of which will be specified shortly in order to be submitted to a vote by shareholders at the coming General Meeting 25th March.2026 outlook and medium termBerckOur subsidiary operating the Berck-sur-Mer casino has withdrawn its application to continue running the casino after 1st January 2026  due to the Berck-sur-Mer mayor's request to reclaim building hosting the casino  which belongs to Groupe Partouche SA  based on a broad interpretation of the theory of reversionary property rights developed by the French Council of State. Groupe Partouche has petitioned the civil court  the guardian of private property  to enforce its rights as a third party to the casino concession agreement.Parisian Gaming ClubIn spring of 2026  following extensive renovations  the Parisian Gaming Club will relocate into the iconic building on Avenue de La Grande Armée  which will also house its headquarters. It will thus benefit from a strategic location and a playing area of over 3 300 m² (compared with 300 m² currently in rue de Berri).Continuation of investments in the existing sitesThe Group that is constantly striving for and excellent customer experience at its establishments  continues to enhance its offerings and renovate its casino portfolio to improve its performance  including:The Vichy casino is undergoing a complete renovation aimed at expanding gaming areas and modernizing and enhancing the services offered by this iconic establishment. Completion is scheduled for the end of May 2026;is undergoing a complete renovation aimed at expanding gaming areas and modernizing and enhancing the services offered by this iconic establishment. Completion is scheduled for the end of May 2026; A comprehensive redevelopment program for the Casino Partouche Cannes 50 Croisette is underway. This program encompasses the entire customer journey  from the entrance to the gaming rooms  with an upgrade of services. The first phase of the project is expected to be completed before the Cannes Film Festival at the end of May 2026  and all works by the end of June 2026.is underway. This program encompasses the entire customer journey  from the entrance to the gaming rooms  with an upgrade of services. The first phase of the project is expected to be completed before the Cannes Film Festival at the end of May 2026  and all works by the end of June 2026. Other sites renovations are continuing throughout 2026  notably for the casinos in Cabourg  Calais  La Ciotat   and the Parisian Gaming Club.  and the Parisian Gaming Club. The renovation of the casinos in Saint Amand-les-Eaux and Forges-les-Eaux should also begin at the start of the 2026/2027 financial year.Upcoming events:- 1st quarter turnover (Nov. 2025-Jan. 2026): Wednesday 11th March 2026 (after stock market closure)- General Meeting: Wednesday 25th March 2026Groupe Partouche was established in 1973 and has grown to become one of the market leaders in Europe in its business sector. Listed on the stock exchange  it operates casinos  a gaming club  hotels  restaurants  spas and golf courses. The Group operates 41 casinos and employs nearly 4.050 people. It is well known for innovating and testing the games of tomorrow  which allows it to be confident about its future  while aiming to strengthen its leading position and continue to enhance its profitability. Groupe Partouche was floated on the stock exchange in 1995  and is listed on Euronext Paris  Compartment. ISIN: FR0012612646 – Reuters: PARP.PA - Bloomberg: PARP:FPAnnexNOTA : the variations mentioned in this press release being calculated on the basis of exact figures  some differences in the totals and percentages can exist due to rounded numbers.1- Consolidated Income(In €M) at 31st October 2025 2024 ÉCART Var. Turnover 460.2 434.3 +25.9 +6.0% Purchases & External Expenses (152.5) (147.0) (5.5) +3.8% Taxes & Duties (18.7) (17.6) (1.1) +6.1% Employees Expenses (182.6) (183.5) 0.9 -0.5% Depreciation  amortisation & impairment of fixed assets (60.8) (51.8) (9.1) +17.5% Other current income & current operating expenses (14.8) (14.8) 0 -0.3% Current operating income 30.8 19.7 +11.1 +56.6% Other on-current income & operating expenses 56.1 (1.4) +57.4 Impairment of non-current assets - (3.1) +3.1 na Non-current operating income 56.1 (4.4) +60.5 na Operating income 86.9 15.2 +71.6 x5.7 Financial income (6.5) (3.3) (3.1) x1.9 Income before tax 80.4 11.9 +68.5 x6.7 Corporate income & CVAE taxes (22.8) (7.5) (15.3) - Income after tax 57.6 4.4 +53.2 x13.1 Shares in earnings of equity-accounted associates (4.9) (0.4) (4.6) Total net income 52.7 4.1 +48.6 x13.0 o/w Group’ share 51.1 1.1 +50.0 - EBITDA (IFRS 16) 94.4 73.9 20.6 27.4% Margin EBITDA / Turnover 20.5% 17.0% +3 pts2- Analysis of the current operating income by divisionsFor a better readability of its division performance  Groupe Partouche has presented the division contribution before intra-group elimination (ELIM.).In €M at 31st OctoberTOTAL GROUPE CASINOS HOTELS OTHER ELIM. 2025 2024 2025 2024 2025 2024 2025 2024 2025 2024 Turnover 460.2 434.3 416.5 393.1 35.2 34.4 52.8 48.6 (44.3) (41.8) Purchases & external expenses (152.5) (147.0) (138.5) (133.1) (15.9) (16.6) (29.8) (27.3) 31.7 30.0 Taxes & duties (18.7) (17.6) (26.4) (25.3) (2.0) (2.1) (2.4) (1.8) 12.1 11.5 Employees expenses (182.6) (183.5) (149.6) (148.7) (13.1) (14.0) (19.4) (20.1) (0.5) (0.7) Amort. Deprec. On fixed assets (60.8) (51.8) (46.1) (39.9) (2.9) (3.0) (11.8) (8.8) 0.0 0.0 Other current operating income & expenses (14.8) (14.8) (15.0) (15.3) (0.4) (0.0) (0.5) (0.5) 1.1 1.0 Current operating income “COI” 30.8 19.7 41.0 30.7 0.9 (1.3) (11.1) (9.8) 0.0 0.0²The COI of the casino sector reached € 41.0 M  compared to € 30.7 M in 2024. The following strong performances are particularly noteworthy:Casinos in Aix-en-Provence (+€ 2.1 M) and Middelkerke  in Belgium (+€ 0.6 M excluding online gaming) thanks to significant work carried out on their cost structure;Casinos in Annemasse (+€ 1.8 M) and Divonne (+€ 0.7 M)  demonstrating the effectiveness of the works undertaken;Casinos in Meyrin (+€ 3.3 M excluding online gaming)  as the contribution to the Meyrin Foundation has been reduced since 1 st January 2025  for a period of 5 years within its new concession  and Saint Amand-les-Eaux (+€ 1.2 M) thanks to increased activity;January 2025  for a period of 5 years within its new concession  and Saint Amand-les-Eaux (+€ 1.2 M) thanks to increased activity; online games from Middelkerke (Belgium)  operated since 29th January 2024 (+€ 1.4 M) which are gaining momentum.Conversely  the Royal Palm (formerly known as Casino 3.14) in Cannes  which relocated to the Palm Beach site on 2nd December 2024 (-€ 3.7 M)  has not yet achieved the expected synergy with the Palm Beach during the summer season.The hotel sector's operating income returned to profitability at € 0.9 M thanks to a 2.4% increase in revenue.Finally  the operating income for the ""Other"" sector was -€ 11.1 M for the year  compared to -€ 9.8 M for the previous year  impacted by the depreciation charge related to the acquisition of the building on Avenue de La Grande Armée (-€ 2.1 M). It should be noted that the COI of the operation of Plage 3.14 is recovering thanks to its development work undertaken on the previous financial year and its opening on the full financial year compared to only a little over 4 months in 2024 (+€ 1.0 M).3- Summary of net debtIn €M at 31st October 2025 2024 Equity 410.5 365.0 Consolidated EBITDA (*) 76.5 60.0 Gross debt (**) 290.1 185.5 Cash less gaming levies 126.2 81.4 Net debt 163.9 104.1 Ratio net Debt / Equity (« gearing ») 0.4x 0.3x Ratio Endettement net / EBITDA (« leverage ») 2.1 1.7x(*) The consolidated EBITDA used to determine the “leverage”   is calculated over a rolling 12-months period  according to the old IAS 17 standard (i.e. before application of IFRS 16)(**) The gross deb includes bank borrowings  bond loans and restated leases  accrued interest  miscellaneous loans and financial debts  bank loans and financial instruments.4- GlossaryThe ""Gross Gaming Revenue"" corresponds to the sum of the various operated games  after deduction of the payment of the winnings to the players. This amount is debited of the ""levies"" (i.e. tax to the State  the city halls  CSG  CRDS).The «Gross Gaming Revenue» after deduction of the levies  becomes the ""Net Gaming Revenue ""  a component of the turnover.Turnover excluding NGR  includes all non-gaming activities i.e. catering  hotels  shows ticketing  spas  etc.“Current Operating Income” COI includes all the expenses and income directly related to the Group's activities to the extent that these elements are recurrent  usual in the operating cycle or that they result from specific events or decisions pertaining to the Group's activities.The ""Non-Current Operating Income"" (NCOI) includes all non-current and unusual events of the operating cycle: it therefore includes the depreciation of fixed assets (Impairments)  the result from the sale of consolidated investments  the result from the sale of asset  other miscellaneous non-current operating income and expenses not related to the usual operating cycle.Consolidated EBITDA is made up of the balance of income and expenses of the current operating income  excluding depreciation (allocations and reversals) and provisions (allocations and reversals) linked to the Group’ business activity included in the current operating income but excluded from Ebitda due to their non-recurring nature.Gearing is the ratio of net debt to equity.« Leverage » is the ratio of net debt to EBITDA.Attachment",neutral,0.35,0.65,0.0,mixed,0.34,0.21,0.44,True,English,"['GROUPE PARTOUCHE', 'Annual Income', 'Strong results', 'investments', 'arbitrage', 'portfolio', 'Avenue de La Grande Armée', 'online sports betting activities', 'Groupe Partouche Executive Board', 'Casino Partouche Cannes 50 Croisette', 'social security contribution relief', 'Partouche Cannes 50 Croisette Casino', 'Other current operating income', 'contractual minimum wages', 'Gross Gaming Revenue', 'stable net expense', 'consolidated income statement', 'new syndicated loan', 'Net Gaming Revenue', 'recent fiscal years', '2025 consolidated turnover progress', 'La Tour-de-Salvagny', 'Net Income', 'Supervisory Board', 'Cotonou casino', 'casino sector', 'Other"" sector', 'table gaming', 'Annual Income', 'social liabilities', 'New acquisitions', 'Strong results', 'Financial situation', '27th January', 'management report', 'annual accounts', '31st October', 'slot machines', '28th February', '28th January', 'financial performance', 'Covid-19 pandemic', 'hotel sector', 'financial balance', 'electricity tariffs', 'subcontracting costs', 'cleaning costs', 'positive impact', 'major renovations', 'additional staff', 'poker tournaments', '1st February', '1st July', 'Employee profit-sharing', 'fixed assets', 'following factors', 'IFRS 16 impact', 'IFRS 16 restatement', 'lease agreement', 'Meyrin Foundation', '1st January', 'employees expenses', 'external expenses', 'energy expenses', 'related expenses', 'advertising/marketing expenses', 'personnel expenses', 'portfolio Turnover', 'annual turnover', 'hotels turnover', 'full year', 'previous year', 'depreciation charge', 'banking services', 'professional fees', 'significant investments', 'material purchases', '5 years', 'arbitrage', 'EBITDA', 'Gearing', '0.4x', 'Leverage', '2.1x', 'Paris', 'meeting', 'Sustained', 'growth', 'GGR', 'increases', 'basis', 'opening', 'Benin', 'NGR', 'PNJ', 'relevance', 'strategic', 'position', 'uncertainties', 'treatment', 'item', 'effect', 'COI', 'building', 'rise', 'solids', 'liquids', 'goods', 'parallel', 'bars', 'decrease', 'renegotiation', 'implementation', 'partnerships', 'commissions', 'control', 'category', 'cessation', 'Taxes', 'duties', 'elimination', 'integration', 'teams', 'ramp-up', 'casinos', 'Divonne', 'Annemasse', 'total', 'agreements', 'amortization', 'changes', 'scope', 'consolidation', 'commissioning', 'period', 'royalties', '06:00', '0.2', '€', '0.5']",2026-01-27,2026-01-28,globenewswire.com
