UID,Searchword,API,URL,Title,Summary,Article,Title_Sentiment,Title_Positive,Title_Neutral,Title_Negative,Article_Sentiment,Article_Positive,Article_Neutral,Article_Negative,Verified,Language,Topics,Date,Load_Date,Source
11411,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,Euroclear/Fnality: tokenised stocks and bonds have clear advantages,nan,🌽🍌🍉🍒🍈🥑🍇🍓🍐🥨🍎🍳🥚🥨🥩🍖🍗🍍🍑🥓🥙🍑🍳🥚🍤🍖🍗🍊🍇🍓🍬🍫🍿Euroclear/Fnality: tokenised stocks and bonds have clear advantages,neutral,0.03,0.97,0.0,neutral,0.03,0.97,0.0,True,English,"['tokenised stocks', 'clear advantages', 'Euroclear/Fnality', 'bonds', 'tokenised stocks', 'clear advantages', 'Euroclear/Fnality', 'bonds']",2022-11-06,2022-11-08,Unknown
11475,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,Euroclear shuts off exit route for rouble bond investors,nan,🍓🍐🥨🍎🍳🥚🥨🥩🍖🍗🍍🍑🥓🥙🍑🍳🥚🍤🍖🍗🍊🍇🍓🍬🍫🍿🍩🍪🍒🍈🥑🍳🥚Euroclear shuts off exit route for rouble bond investors,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.01,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.01,True,English,"['exit route', 'bond investors', 'Euroclear', 'exit route', 'bond investors', 'Euroclear']",2022-11-07,2022-11-08,Unknown
12569,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,Read how Deutsche Börse Group is using Microsoft Azure to manage its data and shape the future of the financial ser… https://t.co/MDPCr53M28,nan,Read how Deutsche Börse Group is using Microsoft Azure to manage its data and shape the future of the financial ser… https://t.co/MDPCr53M28,neutral,0.05,0.94,0.01,neutral,0.05,0.94,0.01,True,English,"['Deutsche Börse Group', 'Microsoft Azure', 'financial ser', 'data', 'future', 'MDPCr53M28', 'Deutsche Börse Group', 'Microsoft Azure', 'financial ser', 'data', 'future', 'MDPCr53M28']",2022-11-03,2022-11-08,Unknown
12666,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,$DB1 #DEUTSCHEBOERSE - 1H: DEUTSCHE BOERSE NA O.N. is part of a very strong bearish trend. Traders may consider tra… https://t.co/9JkMHznC5V,nan,$DB1 #DEUTSCHEBOERSE - 1H: DEUTSCHE BOERSE NA O.N. is part of a very strong bearish trend. Traders may consider tra… https://t.co/9JkMHznC5V,neutral,0.08,0.91,0.01,neutral,0.08,0.91,0.01,True,English,"['strong bearish trend', 'DEUTSCHE BOERSE', 'O.N.', '1H', 'part', 'Traders', '9JkMHznC5V', 'strong bearish trend', 'DEUTSCHE BOERSE', 'O.N.', '1H', 'part', 'Traders', '9JkMHznC5V']",2022-11-04,2022-11-08,Unknown
12667,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,Read how Deutsche Börse Group is using Microsoft Azure to manage its data and shape the future of the financial ser… https://t.co/VLiizWokPS,nan,Read how Deutsche Börse Group is using Microsoft Azure to manage its data and shape the future of the financial ser… https://t.co/VLiizWokPS,neutral,0.05,0.94,0.01,neutral,0.05,0.94,0.01,True,English,"['Deutsche Börse Group', 'Microsoft Azure', 'financial ser', 'data', 'future', 'VLiizWokPS', 'Deutsche Börse Group', 'Microsoft Azure', 'financial ser', 'data', 'future', 'VLiizWokPS']",2022-11-04,2022-11-08,Unknown
12668,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,Read how Deutsche Börse Group is using Microsoft Azure to manage its data and shape the future of the financial ser… https://t.co/wjcIXrDYJC,nan,Read how Deutsche Börse Group is using Microsoft Azure to manage its data and shape the future of the financial ser… https://t.co/wjcIXrDYJC,neutral,0.09,0.9,0.01,neutral,0.09,0.9,0.01,True,English,"['Deutsche Börse Group', 'Microsoft Azure', 'financial ser', 'data', 'future', 'Deutsche Börse Group', 'Microsoft Azure', 'financial ser', 'data', 'future']",2022-11-04,2022-11-08,Unknown
12754,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,China purchases of UST  direct and thru Euroclear  Belgium... https://t.co/mKfWSGe5sO,nan,China purchases of UST  direct and thru Euroclear  Belgium... https://t.co/mKfWSGe5sO,neutral,0.09,0.89,0.01,neutral,0.09,0.89,0.01,True,English,"['China purchases', 'thru Euroclear', 'Belgium', 'China purchases', 'thru Euroclear', 'Belgium']",2022-11-06,2022-11-08,Unknown
12765,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20221106005080/en/PMHH-Is-Pleased-to-Complete-Its-Offer-for-Swedish-Match-and-Become-the-Owner-of-82.59-of-the-Shares-Extends-the-Offer-Period-and-Adjusts-the-Price-for-Future-Tenders-Due-to-the-Scheduled-Dividend,PMHH Is Pleased to Complete Its Offer for Swedish Match and Become the Owner of 82.59% of the Shares; Extends the Offer Period; and Adjusts the Price for Future Tenders Due to the Scheduled Dividend,BERGEN-OP-ZOOM  Netherlands--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Regulatory News: This announcement is not an offer  whether directly or indirectly  in Australia  Hong Kong  Japan  New Zealand  or South Africa or in any other jurisdiction where such offer pursuant to legislatio…,"BERGEN-OP-ZOOM  Netherlands--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Regulatory News:This announcement is not an offer  whether directly or indirectly  in Australia  Hong Kong  Japan  New Zealand  or South Africa or in any other jurisdiction where such offer pursuant to legislation and regulations in such relevant jurisdiction would be prohibited by applicable law. Shareholders not resident in Sweden who wish to accept the Offer (as defined below) must make inquiries concerning applicable legislation and possible tax consequences. Shareholders should refer to the offer restrictions included in the section titled “Important information” at the end of this announcement and in the offer document  which has been published on the Offer website (www.smokefree-offer.com). Shareholders in the United States should also refer to the section entitled “Special notice to shareholders in the United States” at the end of this announcement.On May 11  2022  Philip Morris Holland Holdings B.V.1 (“PMHH”)  an affiliate of Philip Morris International Inc. (“PMI”)  announced a recommended public offer to the shareholders of Swedish Match AB (“Swedish Match”) to tender all shares in Swedish Match2 to PMHH (the “Offer”). On October 20  2022  PMHH increased the price in the Offer from SEK 106 to SEK 116 in cash per share  and announced that it will not further increase the price in the Offer. On October 25  2022  PMHH announced that it had received all necessary approvals from authorities and that this condition for completion of the Offer had been satisfied. PMHH has decided to waive the acceptance level condition3 and to complete the Offer and acquire all shares in Swedish Match that have been tendered in the Offer. PMHH has also decided to further extend the acceptance period until November 25  2022  and informs the Swedish Match shareholders that the price in the Offer for shares tendered during the further extended acceptance period will be reduced to SEK 115.07 in cash per share due to the resolved dividend payment by Swedish Match of SEK 0.93 per share for shareholders of record as of November 14  2022. Since the Offer is now unconditional  shareholders who have accepted the Offer  or will accept the Offer  have no right to withdraw acceptances.The shares tendered in the Offer at the end of the acceptance period (which expired on November 4  2022) amount to in aggregate 1 255 945 656 shares in Swedish Match  corresponding to approximately 82.59 percent4 of the share capital and the voting rights in Swedish Match.The completion of the Offer has been conditional upon  inter alia  the Offer being accepted to such extent that PMHH becomes the owner of shares representing more than 90 percent of the total number of outstanding shares in Swedish Match (on a fully diluted basis)5 (the “acceptance level condition”). As set forth in the offer document regarding the Offer made public on June 28  2022 (the “Offer Document”)  and as further advertised in the press release issued by PMHH on October 28  2022  PMHH had reserved the right to waive  in whole or in part  one or more of the conditions set out in the Offer Document (including  with respect to the acceptance level condition  in order to complete the Offer at a lower level of acceptance).PMHH has decided to waive the acceptance level condition and to complete the Offer. Accordingly  as all other conditions for completion of the Offer have been satisfied  the Offer is declared unconditional and PMHH will acquire all shares in Swedish Match that have been tendered in the Offer. Settlement for shares tendered in the Offer up to and including November 4  2022  is expected to be initiated  around November 11  2022.“We are pleased that 82.59% of Swedish Match shareholders  including - we believe - the top 10 shareholders  have tendered their shares at the best and final price of SEK 116 per share. This achievement of a high controlling stake should allow us to harness the strategic potential of the transaction  including anticipated revenue synergies ” said Jacek Olczak  Chief Executive Officer of PMI.“We are today extending the acceptance period until November 25 to allow those shareholders who have not tendered - including outstanding index funds - additional time to accept the offer  while waiving the 90% acceptance condition to provide certainty to those shareholders who have already tendered. Our objective is to delist the shares of Swedish Match from the stock market after reaching an ownership of more than 90%; we therefore encourage the remaining retail and other institutional shareholders to tender in the extended time.”“We look forward to welcoming Swedish Match’s employees and leading oral nicotine portfolio into the PMI family to create a global smoke-free champion  notably bringing IQOS and ZYN together in both the U.S. and international markets. We will be working together to create value as we accelerate towards our shared vision of a smoke-free future.”Following the expected settlement of the shares already tendered on November 11  2022  PMI expects to consolidate Swedish Match’s results from this date onwards.To provide the remaining shareholders of Swedish Match who have not tendered their shares time to accept the Offer  the acceptance period will be further extended until November 25  2022 at 17.00 (CET). Settlement for shares tendered in the Offer during the further extended acceptance period is expected to be initiated  around December 2  2022. Due to the resolved dividend payment by Swedish Match of SEK 0.93 per share with record date for the payment on November 14  2022  and expected date for payment through Euroclear Sweden on November 17  2022  the price in the Offer for shares tendered during the further extended acceptance period will  in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Offer6  be reduced accordingly to SEK 115.07 in cash per share. For further information regarding Swedish Match’s resolution on dividends at the annual general meeting 2022  please refer to Swedish Match’s website  www.swedishmatch.com.PMHH reserves the right to further extend the acceptance period for the Offer  as well as to postpone the settlement date  provided however  that settlement shall in any event be made within 7 business days following the expiration of the acceptance period. PMHH will announce any extension of the acceptance period and/or postponement of the settlement date by a press release in accordance with applicable laws and regulations.Prior to the announcement of the Offer  neither PMHH nor any closely related companies or closely related parties owned or otherwise controlled any shares in Swedish Match or other financial instruments that give financial exposure to Swedish Match’s shares  nor has PMHH or any closely related companies or closely related parties acquired any shares in Swedish Match or other financial instruments that give financial exposure to Swedish Match’s shares outside the Offer. To the extent permissible under applicable law or regulations  PMHH and its affiliates may acquire  or take measures to acquire  shares in Swedish Match in other ways than through the Offer. Information about such acquisitions of shares  or measures to acquire shares  will be disclosed in accordance with applicable laws and regulations.Since the Offer is now unconditional  shareholders who have accepted the Offer  or will accept the Offer  have no right to withdraw acceptances.PMHH will continue to strive towards an ownership in Swedish Match of more than 90 percent of the total number of shares in Swedish Match7 and thereafter initiate compulsory redemption of the remaining shares in Swedish Match under the Swedish Companies Act (Sw. aktiebolagslagen (2005:551))  as well as promote a delisting of Swedish Match’s shares from Nasdaq Stockholm. For further information on the implications of PMHH’s ownership of less than 90 percent of the total number of registered shares in Swedish Match  PMHH refers shareholders of Swedish Match to the description thereof included in the section of the Offer Document entitled “Important notice to shareholders in the United States of America”.For administrative questions regarding the Offer  please contact your bank or the nominee registered as holder of your shares.The information was submitted for publication on November 7  2022 at 7.30 a.m. (CET).Information about the Offerwww.smokefree-offer.comImportant informationThis press release has been published in Swedish and English. In the event of any discrepancy in content between the two language versions  the Swedish version shall prevail.This announcement is not an offer  whether directly or indirectly  in Australia  Hong Kong  Japan  New Zealand  or South Africa or in any other jurisdiction where such offer pursuant to legislation and regulations in such relevant jurisdiction would be prohibited by applicable law (each a “Restricted Jurisdiction”). This offer constitutes an ""exempt take-over bid"" for purpose of applicable Canadian securities laws and shareholders resident in Canada are entitled to participate in the Offer on the same terms as shareholders in other applicable jurisdictions.The release  publication  or distribution of this press release in or into jurisdictions other than Sweden may be restricted by law  and therefore any persons who are subject to the laws and regulations of any jurisdiction other than Sweden should inform themselves about and observe any applicable requirements. In particular  the ability of persons who are not resident in Sweden to accept the Offer may be affected by the laws and regulations of the relevant jurisdictions in which they are located. Any failure to comply with the applicable restrictions may constitute a violation of the securities laws and regulations of any such jurisdiction. To the fullest extent permitted by applicable laws and regulations  the companies and persons involved in the Offer disclaim any responsibility or liability for the violation of such restrictions by any person.This announcement has been prepared for the purpose of complying with Swedish law  the Takeover Rules  and the Swedish Securities Council’s rulings regarding interpretation and application of the Takeover Rules  and the information disclosed may not be the same as that which would have been disclosed if this press release had been prepared in accordance with the laws and regulations of jurisdictions other than Sweden.Unless otherwise determined by PMHH or required by Swedish law  the Takeover Rules and the Swedish Securities Council’s rulings regarding interpretation and application of the Takeover Rules  and permitted by applicable law and regulation  the Offer will not be made available  directly or indirectly  in  into  or from a Restricted Jurisdiction or any other jurisdiction where to do so would violate the laws and regulations in that jurisdiction  and no person may accept the Offer by any use  means  or instrumentality (including  but not limited to  facsimile  email  or other electronic transmission  telex  or telephone) of interstate or foreign commerce of  or of any facility of a national  state  or other securities exchange of any Restricted Jurisdiction or any other jurisdiction where to do so would constitute a violation of the laws and regulations of that jurisdiction  and the Offer may not be capable of acceptance by any such use  means  instrumentality  or facilities. Accordingly  copies of this press release and any formal documentation relating to the Offer are not being  and must not be  directly or indirectly  mailed or otherwise forwarded  distributed  or sent in or into or from any Restricted Jurisdiction or any other jurisdiction where to do so would constitute a violation of the laws and regulations of that jurisdiction  and persons receiving such documents (including custodians  nominees  and trustees) must not mail or otherwise forward  distribute  or send them in or into or from any Restricted Jurisdiction or any other jurisdiction where to do so would constitute a violation of the laws and regulations of that jurisdiction.The availability of the Offer to shareholders of Swedish Match who are not resident in and citizens of Sweden may be affected by the laws and regulations of the relevant jurisdictions in which they are respectively located or of which they are citizens. Persons who are not resident in or citizens of Sweden should inform themselves of  and abide by  any applicable legal or regulatory requirements of their jurisdictions.The Offer and the information and documents contained in this press release are not being made and have not been approved by an authorized person for the purposes of section 21 of the U.K. Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (the “FSMA”). Accordingly  the information and documents contained in this press release are not being distributed to  and must not be passed on to  the general public in the United Kingdom  unless an exemption applies. The communication of the information and documents contained in this press release is exempt from the restriction on financial promotions under section 21 of the FSMA on the basis that it is a communication by or on behalf of a body corporate that relates to a transaction to acquire day-to-day control of the affairs of a body corporate or to acquire 50 percent or more of the voting shares in a body corporate  within article 62 of the U.K. Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Financial Promotion) Order 2005.This press release contains statements relating to future status or circumstances  including statements regarding remaining transactional steps and requirements and the ultimate success of the acquisition  that are forward-looking statements made pursuant to the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements may generally  but not always  be identified by the use of words such as “anticipates ” “intends ” “expects ” “believes ” or similar expressions  and include  without limitation  the statements made by Mr. Jacek Olczak. By their nature  forward-looking statements involve risk and uncertainty because they relate to events and depend on circumstances that will occur in the future. There can be no assurance that actual results will not differ materially from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements due to many factors  many of which are outside the control of PMI and PMHH. Any such forward-looking statements speak only as of the date on which they are made  and PMI and PMHH have no obligation (and undertake no such obligation) to update or revise any of them  whether as a result of new information  future events  or otherwise  except for in accordance with applicable laws and regulations.Merrill Lynch International (“BofA Securities”) and Citigroup Global Markets Limited (“Citi”)  which are authorized by the Prudential Regulation Authority (“PRA”) and regulated in the U.K. by the Financial Conduct Authority (“FCA”) and the PRA  are acting as financial advisers for PMHH and for no one else in connection with the Offer and will not be responsible to anyone other than PMHH for providing the protections afforded to their respective clients or for providing advice in connection with the Offer or any other matters referred to in this announcement. Neither BofA Securities  Citi  nor any of their respective affiliates  directors  or employees owes or accepts any duty  liability  or responsibility whatsoever (whether direct or indirect  consequential  whether in contract  in tort  in delict  under statute or otherwise) to any person who is not a client of BofA Securities or Citi  respectively  in connection with this announcement  any statement contained herein  the Offer  or otherwise.Special notice to shareholders in the United StatesThe Offer described in this press release is made for the issued and outstanding shares of Swedish Match  a company incorporated under Swedish law  and is subject to Swedish disclosure and procedural requirements  which may be different from those of the United States. In the United States  the Offer will also be made in accordance with certain provisions of the United States federal securities laws  to the extent applicable  including Section 14(e) of the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934  as amended  and Regulation 14E thereunder (“Regulation 14E”); provided that PMHH has requested  and the Division of Corporation Finance of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”) has granted  relief exempting the Offer from certain requirements of Regulation 14E in order to align aspects of the Offer in which Swedish laws and market practice conflict with U.S. federal securities laws. Accordingly  the disclosure and procedures regarding the Offer  including with respect to withdrawal rights  the Offer timetable  notices of extensions  announcements of results  settlement procedures (including as regards to the time when payment of the consideration is rendered)  and waivers of conditions  may be different from requirements or customary practices in relation to U.S. domestic tender offers. Holders of the shares of Swedish Match domiciled or resident in the United States (the “U.S. Holders”) are encouraged to consult with their advisers regarding the Offer.Swedish Match’s financial statements and all financial information included herein  or any other documents relating to the Offer  have been or will be prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) and may not be comparable to the financial statements or financial information of companies in the United States or other companies whose financial statements are prepared in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. The Offer is made to the U.S. Holders on the same terms and conditions as those made to all other shareholders of Swedish Match to whom the Offer is being made. Any information documents  including the offer document  are being disseminated to U.S. Holders on a basis comparable to the method pursuant to which such documents are provided to Swedish Match’s other shareholders.The U.S. Holders should consider that the price for the Offer is being paid in SEK and that no adjustment will be made based on any changes in the exchange rate.It may be difficult for U.S. Holders to enforce their rights and any claims they may have arising under the U.S. federal or U.S. state securities laws in connection with the Offer  since Swedish Match and PMHH are located in countries other than the United States  and some or all of their officers and directors may be residents of countries other than the United States. U.S. Holders may not be able to sue Swedish Match or PMHH or their respective officers or directors in a non-U.S. court for violations of U.S. securities laws. Further  it may be difficult to compel Swedish Match or PMHH and/or their respective affiliates to subject themselves to the jurisdiction or judgment of a U.S. court.To the extent permissible under applicable law or regulations  and in reliance on relief granted by the SEC exempting the Offer from certain of the requirements of Rule 14e-5 under Regulation 14E  PMHH and its affiliates or its brokers and its brokers’ affiliates (acting as agents for PMHH or its affiliates  as applicable) may from time to time and during the pendency of the Offer  and other than pursuant to the Offer  directly or indirectly purchase or arrange to purchase shares of Swedish Match outside the United States (or securities that are convertible into  exchangeable for  or exercisable for such shares). These purchases may occur either in the open market at prevailing prices or in private transactions at negotiated prices  and information about such purchases will be disclosed by means of a press release or other means reasonably calculated to inform U.S. Holders of such information  to the extent required by applicable laws and regulations. In addition  affiliates to the financial advisers to PMHH may also engage in ordinary course trading activities in securities of Swedish Match  which may include purchases or arrangements to purchase such securities as long as such purchases or arrangements comply with applicable laws and regulations. Any information about such purchases will be announced in Swedish and in an English translation available to the U.S. Holders through relevant electronic media  including the Offer website at www.smokefree-offer.com  if  and to the extent  such announcement is required under applicable Swedish or U.S. law  rules  or regulations.The receipt of cash pursuant to the Offer by a U.S. Holder may be a taxable transaction for U.S. federal income tax purposes and under applicable U.S. state and local  as well as foreign and other  tax laws. Each shareholder is urged to consult an independent professional adviser regarding the tax consequences of accepting the Offer. Neither PMHH nor any of its affiliates and their respective directors  officers  employees  or agents or any other person acting on their behalf in connection with the Offer shall be responsible for any tax effects or liabilities resulting from acceptance of this Offer.NEITHER THE U.S. SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION NOR ANY U.S. STATE SECURITIES COMMISSION HAS APPROVED OR DISAPPROVED THE OFFER  MADE ANY COMMENT UPON THE MERITS OR FAIRNESS OF THE OFFER  MADE ANY COMMENT UPON THE ADEQUACY OR COMPLETENESS OF THIS PRESS RELEASE  OR MADE ANY COMMENT ON WHETHER THE CONTENT OF THIS PRESS RELEASE IS CORRECT OR COMPLETE. ANY REPRESENTATION TO THE CONTRARY IS A CRIMINAL OFFENSE IN THE UNITED STATES.For the purposes of this press release  “United States” and “U.S.” mean the United States of America  including its territories and possessions and all states of the United States of America and the District of Columbia.",positive,0.95,0.04,0.0,mixed,0.25,0.31,0.44,True,English,"['Swedish Match', 'Future Tenders', 'Offer Period', 'PMHH', 'Owner', 'Shares', 'Price', 'Dividend', 'Philip Morris Holland Holdings B.V', 'Philip Morris International Inc.', 'leading oral nicotine portfolio', 'possible tax consequences', 'high controlling stake', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'outstanding index funds', 'global smoke-free champion', 'acceptance level condition3', 'Swedish Match AB', 'other institutional shareholders', 'Swedish Match shareholders', 'international markets', 'lower level', '90% acceptance condition', 'smoke-free future', 'other jurisdiction', 'acceptance period', 'Swedish Match2', 'BUSINESS WIRE', 'Regulatory News', 'Hong Kong', 'New Zealand', 'South Africa', 'relevant jurisdiction', 'applicable law', 'Important information', 'United States', 'Special notice', 'necessary approvals', 'dividend payment', 'voting rights', 'total number', 'diluted basis', 'press release', 'strategic potential', 'revenue synergies', 'Jacek Olczak', 'additional time', 'stock market', 'remaining retail', 'extended time', 'U.S.', 'other conditions', 'outstanding shares', 'top 10 shareholders', 'applicable legislation', 'expected settlement', 'final price', 'PMI family', 'offer restrictions', 'offer document', 'Offer website', 'public offer', 'share capital', '1,255,945,656 shares', 'Netherlands', 'announcement', 'Australia', 'Japan', 'regulations', 'Sweden', 'inquiries', 'section', 'May', 'PMHH', 'affiliate', 'October', 'SEK', 'cash', 'authorities', 'completion', 'November', 'record', 'acceptances', 'aggregate', '82.59 percent4', 'extent', 'owner', '90 percent', 'June', 'part', 'respect', 'order', 'best', 'achievement', 'transaction', 'certainty', 'objective', 'employees', 'IQOS', 'ZYN', 'value', 'vision', 'results']",2022-11-07,2022-11-08,businesswire.com
12766,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,PM Chase (UK  9.5 percent); Swedbank (Sweden  9.4 percent); UB Securities (Finland  7.9 percent); Euroclear Bank (B… https://t.co/6KGEjB2uzI,nan,PM Chase (UK  9.5 percent); Swedbank (Sweden  9.4 percent); UB Securities (Finland  7.9 percent); Euroclear Bank (B… https://t.co/6KGEjB2uzI,neutral,0.04,0.95,0.0,neutral,0.04,0.95,0.0,True,English,"['PM Chase', 'UB Securities', 'Euroclear Bank', 'UK', '9.5 percent', 'Swedbank', 'Sweden', '9.4 percent', 'Finland', '7.9 percent', 'KGEjB2uzI', 'PM Chase', 'UB Securities', 'Euroclear Bank', 'UK', '9.5 percent', 'Swedbank', 'Sweden', '9.4 percent', 'Finland', '7.9 percent', 'KGEjB2uzI']",2022-11-07,2022-11-08,Unknown
12767,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,The Most Powerful Women in Credit Unions  2022 #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/jhY0kFUVCh #regtech,nan,The Most Powerful Women in Credit Unions  2022 #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/jhY0kFUVCh #regtech,neutral,0.03,0.97,0.0,neutral,0.03,0.97,0.0,True,English,"['AAA Websites Euroclear', 'Powerful Women', 'Credit Unions', 'The', 'Fintech', 'AAA Websites Euroclear', 'Powerful Women', 'Credit Unions', 'The', 'Fintech']",2022-11-07,2022-11-08,Unknown
12768,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,EIPP and the mobile revolution in B2B payments #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/IebaTaiPHe #regtech,nan,EIPP and the mobile revolution in B2B payments #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/IebaTaiPHe #regtech,neutral,0.03,0.97,0.0,neutral,0.03,0.97,0.0,True,English,"['mobile revolution', 'B2B payments', 'EIPP', 'Fintech', 'IebaTaiPHe', 'mobile revolution', 'B2B payments', 'EIPP', 'Fintech', 'IebaTaiPHe']",2022-11-07,2022-11-08,Unknown
12769,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,🍑🍳🥚🍤🍖🍗🍊🍇🍓🍬🍫🍿🍩🍪🍒🍈🥑🍳🥚🍤🍒🍊🍯🍞🥐🥖🥞🍯🍞Today’s main developments: Euroclear stops accepting payments in roubles; Russian fore… https://t.co/Zh8kaeQeAg,nan,🍑🍳🥚🍤🍖🍗🍊🍇🍓🍬🍫🍿🍩🍪🍒🍈🥑🍳🥚🍤🍒🍊🍯🍞🥐🥖🥞🍯🍞Today’s main developments: Euroclear stops accepting payments in roubles; Russian fore… https://t.co/Zh8kaeQeAg,neutral,0.06,0.92,0.01,neutral,0.06,0.92,0.01,True,English,"['main developments', 'Russian fore', 'Today', 'Euroclear', 'payments', 'Zh8kaeQeAg', 'main developments', 'Russian fore', 'Today', 'Euroclear', 'payments', 'Zh8kaeQeAg']",2022-11-07,2022-11-08,Unknown
12770,Clearstream,NewsApi.org,https://www.finextra.com/blogposting/23195/swift-and-cbdc-projects-successful-experiments,SWIFT and CBDC projects: successful experiments (Carlo R.W. De Meijer),Early October SWIFT launched two publications describing the results of two important experiments  ...,Early October SWIFT launched two publications describing the results of two important experiments  one on interoperability and the other on tokenization. In these publications SWIFT has laid out its blueprint for a global central bank digital currency (CBDC) network following an 8-month experiment on different technologies and currencies.SWIFT thereby said that it had solved “one of the thorniest” problems central bank digital currency (CBDC) developers have been wrestling with: How to use them for cross-border transactions and how to create interoperability between different networks. The idea is that once scaled-up  via SWIFT’s interoperability solution banks may need only one main global connection  rather than thousands if they were to set up connections with each counterpart individually.“We see inclusivity and interoperability as central pillars of the financial ecosystem  and our innovation is a major step towards unlocking the potential of the digital future”  Tom Zschach  Chief Innovation Officer SWIFT.Let us have a deeper look!Present CBDC projects: the interoperability issueAs told in my last blog the emergence of CBDCs is gathering speed with a growing number of central banks worldwide building  studying or considering digital versions of their national currencies thereby starting to seriously map out the massive  costly infrastructure required to roll out digital currencies backed by countries. .Globally  nine out of 10 central banks are. now actively exploring into digital currencies  often using different technologies. However with a primary focus on domestic use.Many Central Banks are thereby struggling with its technological complexities including the issues of interoperability and standardisation. Few of the roughly 100 countries are working on making them interoperable via technical standards and those that are  are generally doing so in small groups with neighbouring countries and trading partners  such as in the EU.But with multiple players building different solutions  on different technology platforms  the danger is that it will result in a future digital financial ecosystem consisting of ‘digital islands’ that can’t interact with one another  which may limit large scale adoption.For the potential of CBDCs to be fully realised across borders  these digital currencies need to overcome inherent differences to interact with each other  as well as with traditional fiat currencies. That potential however can only be accomplished if the various methodologies that are being explored could unite and work together.That is why the attention of a growing number of those central bank experiments  is rapidly turning to how the CBDCs of different countries could interact when using different networks. Making CBDCs interoperable is however difficult.Two SWIFT PublicationsEarly October SWIFT launched two publications outlining how CBDCs could work in the real world  with a particular focus on cross-border payments. They thereby explored the use of a blockchain system to connect these different blockchains  something that has not been achieved in the crypto space:SWIFT views inclusivity and interoperability as central pillars of the future financial network/ecosystem. They have been looking at ways to make CBDCs work globally  making them compatible with regular currencies.In these publications SWIFT described the findings from two separate experiments that started in December 2021  demonstrating how to successfully transact between different CBDC blockchains networks as well as with traditional payment networks.Two ExperimentsSWIFT conducted two separate experiments to prove its cross-border transaction feasibility and interconnection capabilities. In the last eight months SWIFT worked with different technologies and currencies thereby cooperating with Central Banks and financial institutions worldwide.These experiments bridged assets between different distributed ledger technology (DLT) networks and existing payment systems  which allowed digital currencies and assets to flow smoothly alongside  and interact with  their traditional counterparts.These experiments are part of the company’s wide-ranging and extensive innovation agenda to provision their strategic focus on enabling instant  frictionless  and interoperable cross-border transactions for the advantage of the SWIFT community.Aims of the two separate experiments werea) solving the significant challenge of interoperability in cross-border transactions by bridging between different distributed ledger technology (DLT) networks and existing payment systems  allowing digital currencies and assets to flow smoothly alongside  and interact with  their traditional counterparts.b) as well as provide interoperability between different tokenisation platforms and existing account-based infrastructures.Ultimate aim of the two trials was to create a blueprint for CBDC usage across borders.First trial: InteroperabilityIn the first publication SWIFT released the results of the first experiment  that was aimed at looking how CBDCs could be used internationally and even converted into fiat money if needed. This in order to overcome the difficulties encountered of interoperability between different blockchains.How was the first trial set up?In this first trial SWIFT narrowly collaborated with Capgemini. They thereby carried out CBDC-to-CBDC transactions between different DLT networks  as well as fiat-to-CBDC flows between these networks and instant real-time gross settlement system. SWIFT therefor built two simulated CBDC networks  one implemented on R3 Corda  and another on Quorum  a permissioned Proof of Authority (PoA) version of Ethereum.CBDC network regulators thereby run and governed a ‘trusted DLT node’ created as part of Swift’s solution. This allowed them to have a view on transactions within the permissioned blockchain as well as its messages to the Connection Gateway. In this SWIFT implementation they lock the assets in an escrow  tell the SWIFT system it is locked  and then receive the funds from the other party.Next Steps: CBDC SandboxThe tests are followed by additional and more advanced testing environment by almost 20 commercial en central banks over the upcoming year 2023  including Banque de France  the Deutsche Bundesbank  HSBC  Intesa Sanpaolo  NatWest  SMBC  Standard Chartered  UBS and Wells FargoSWIFT has deployed the infrastructure into a running CBDC sandbox and visual interface where blockchain based central bank digital currencies (CBDC) can connect to each other globally through SWIFT  as well as connect their blockchain system to SWIFT’s more traditional ‘fiat’ system.They are now collaborating in the more advanced testing environment  thereby further experimenting with CBDCs using real time variables  to explore how its platform could interact with the cross-border use of CBDCs  assess potential use cases and wider CBDC operability  build the solution further and accelerate the path to full scale deployment of the interoperability solution.SWIFT will seek feedback through to late 2022.Second trial: tokenizationA separated second experiment was carried out in collaboration with several financial institutions and other technology partners such as Citi  Clearstream  Northern Trust  and technology partner SE.This trial involved tokenization  a measure used to secure sensitive information. The test aimed to use tokenised assets to trade property like stocks and bonds.This trial was aimed to evaluate how their existing infrastructure could be used as a single access point to multiple tokenization platformsUnder the experiment  the team explored 70 scenarios simulating real-time market issuance and secondary market transfers of tokenised bonds  equities and cash. This to mirror real-world market transfers of tokenized bonds and equities.Importance of tokenizationDigital currencies and tokens have huge potential to alter he way we will all pay and invest in the future. Though tokenisation is a relatively nascent market  the World Economic Forum has estimated it could reach $24tn by 2027.Especially when it comes to strengthening liquidity in markets and expands access to investment opportunities. The potential benefits include improved market liquidity and fractionalisation  which could increase investment opportunities for retail investors  and enable institutional investors to build stronger portfolios.But that potential can only be unleashed if the different approaches that are being explored have the ability to connect and work together. SWIFT’s existing infrastructure can ensure these benefits can be realised at the earliest opportunity  by as many people as possible.Single Connector GatewaySWIFT explored the use of a blockchain system to connect these different blockchains to facilitate cross border payments  something that has not been achieved in the crypto space.The test teams build a simulation of SWIFT’s enhanced platform and combined that with a Connector Gateway to link different CBDC and traditional payment networks at the technical level with the aim of establishing network interoperability.SWIFT’s new CBDC interlink solution will enable CBDC network operators at central banks to connect their own networks simply and directly not only with each other but all existing payment networks in the world through a single gateway  facilitating CBDC cross-border payments thereby ensuring the instant and smooth/seamless and scalable flow of cross-border payments.Main FindingsSWIFT has confirmed that the two experiments conducted in recent months have yielded positive results. The results of the trial showed:promise for cross-border interoperability among countries with varying and emerging digital ecosystems..it may solve the challenges of cross border transaction by combining different DLT networks and current payment systems. It also showed the possibility of interoperability of multiple tokenized platforms.it also showed that SWIFT’s existing infrastructure could be used to interconnect various CBDC blockchain networks around the world directly for cross border transactions  not only with each other but with existing payments platform systems via a single gateway.SWIFT thereby successfully facilitated cross-platform transactions using CBDCs through both a fiat-to-CBDC payment network and different distributed ledger technologies.these experiments also showed that it was possible for digital currencies and tokenized assets to flow smoothly alongside  and interact with  their traditional counterparts on existing legacy financial infrastructure  guaranteeing instant and effortless cross border payments.it proved that this tokenized network infrastructure could create and transfer tokens and update the balance in multiple wallets.SWIFT’s future roleIn collaboration with the community  SWIFT intends to explore its role further – both as a carrier of authenticated information about CBDC transactions  as it does today for fiat currencies  and as a carrier of actual CBDC value in whatever form it is issued.Given SWIFT’s current infrastructure  all above mentioned advantages can be realized as soon as possible. The companies scale thereby adds weight to its blueprint. SWIFT has an existing network used in over 200 countries and connects more than 11 500 banks and funds.By creating a global monetary authority digital currency network  SWIFT could thereby act as central hub and serve as a single access point to different blockchains while its infrastructure could be used to create and trade tokens across tokenization platforms.SWIFT’s new transaction management capabilities could handle all inter-network communication. At scale such a single point of contact would more efficiently facilitate global transactions.Forward lookingTo become really utilitarian for cross-border payments  CBDCs and tokens will need to interoperate with the existing financial system infrastructure  which is why it is encouraging that SWIFT was able to show progress here. Solving the interoperability issue is a great step forward.SWIFTs ground-breaking new innovation lays a path for digital currencies and tokenised assets to integrate seamlessly with the world’s existing financial ecosystem. By solving interoperability challenges the experiments may pave the way for deploying CCDC’s globally.If successful and once scaled up banks may need only one main global connection  if they were to set up connections with each counterpart individually. This important step forward built on SWIFT’s core capabilities means that as CBDCs and tokens develop  they can be rapidly deployed at scale to facilitate trade and investment between more than 200 countries worldwide.However for a massive use of CBDCs this also asks for tackling remaining issues. CBDCs have raised issues regarding surveillance and privacy that also should be solved. The SWIFT trials however have shown that their these results may be seen a s a great breakthrough,positive,0.89,0.11,0.0,mixed,0.08,0.08,0.84,True,English,"['Carlo R.W. De Meijer', 'CBDC projects', 'successful experiments', 'SWIFT', 'thorniest” problems central bank digital currency', 'global central bank digital currency', 'one main global connection', 'different distributed ledger technology', 'future digital financial ecosystem', 'different CBDC blockchains networks', 'central bank experiments', 'different technology platforms', 'massive, costly infrastructure', 'large scale adoption', 'existing payment systems', 'existing account-based infrastructures', 'future financial network/ecosystem', 'different tokenisation platforms', 'last eight months', 'Present CBDC projects', 'Many Central Banks', 'cross-border transaction feasibility', 'Chief Innovation Officer', 'extensive innovation agenda', 'traditional payment networks', 'two important experiments', 'two separate experiments', 'interoperable cross-border transactions', 'traditional fiat currencies', 'interoperability solution banks', 'digital future', 'different blockchains', 'Two SWIFT Publications', '10 central banks', 'different networks', 'central pillars', 'Two Experiments', 'digital versions', 'digital islands', 'financial institutions', 'digital currencies', 'different technologies', 'different solutions', 'two trials', 'last blog', 'DLT) networks', 'traditional counterparts', 'CBDC) network', 'cross-border payments', 'CBDC usage', 'two publications', 'different countries', 'Early October', '8-month experiment', 'major step', 'Tom Zschach', 'deeper look', 'growing number', 'primary focus', 'technological complexities', 'technical standards', 'small groups', 'trading partners', 'multiple players', 'inherent differences', 'various methodologies', 'real world', 'particular focus', 'blockchain system', 'crypto space', 'interconnection capabilities', 'strategic focus', 'significant challenge', 'Ultimate aim', 'First trial', 'first publication', 'first experiment', 'national currencies', 'regular currencies', 'domestic use', 'neighbouring countries', 'interoperability issue', 'SWIFT community', '100 countries', 'results', 'tokenization', 'blueprint', 'developers', 'idea', 'thousands', 'connections', 'inclusivity', 'potential', 'emergence', 'CBDCs', 'speed', 'issues', 'standardisation', 'EU', 'danger', 'borders', 'attention', 'something', 'ways', 'findings', 'December', 'assets', 'company', 'wide-ranging', 'enabling', 'advantage', 'Aims']",2022-11-07,2022-11-08,finextra.com
12772,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,Two winners receive a Tablo Dual OTA DVR and a ClearStream Eclipse Amplified TV antenna for you AND a friend just i… https://t.co/ElikMbqM6X,nan,Two winners receive a Tablo Dual OTA DVR and a ClearStream Eclipse Amplified TV antenna for you AND a friend just i… https://t.co/ElikMbqM6X,neutral,0.11,0.88,0.01,neutral,0.11,0.88,0.01,True,English,"['ClearStream Eclipse Amplified TV antenna', 'Tablo Dual OTA DVR', 'Two winners', 'friend', 'ElikMbqM6X', 'ClearStream Eclipse Amplified TV antenna', 'Tablo Dual OTA DVR', 'Two winners', 'friend', 'ElikMbqM6X']",2022-11-07,2022-11-08,Unknown
12773,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,@Brad_Setser @davidmwessel PBoC official told me they use Luxembourg. I got USTs into Clearstream in 2008  so I ret… https://t.co/6xKmNTopiZ,nan,@Brad_Setser @davidmwessel PBoC official told me they use Luxembourg. I got USTs into Clearstream in 2008  so I ret… https://t.co/6xKmNTopiZ,neutral,0.11,0.88,0.01,neutral,0.11,0.88,0.01,True,English,"['davidmwessel PBoC official', 'Brad_Setser', 'Luxembourg', 'Clearstream', 'davidmwessel PBoC official', 'Brad_Setser', 'Luxembourg', 'Clearstream']",2022-11-06,2022-11-08,Unknown
12774,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,ClearStream MAX-V UHF/VHF Indoor/Outdoor Antenna  60+ Mile Range  4K Ready - C2MVB 40GWQQXhttps://t.co/qlcO9NROZZ https://t.co/d5KqtB2HDM,nan,ClearStream MAX-V UHF/VHF Indoor/Outdoor Antenna  60+ Mile Range  4K Ready - C2MVB 40GWQQXhttps://t.co/qlcO9NROZZ https://t.co/d5KqtB2HDM,neutral,0.06,0.93,0.01,neutral,0.06,0.93,0.01,True,English,"['ClearStream MAX-V UHF/VHF', '60+ Mile Range', 'Ready', 'C2MVB', 'ClearStream MAX-V UHF/VHF', '60+ Mile Range', 'Ready', 'C2MVB']",2022-11-05,2022-11-08,Unknown
12779,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,CASE STUDY: Learn how Deutsche Börse (@DeutscheBoerse) uses Dataminr to protect its 10 000+ employees and assets wo… https://t.co/CZF1XCvoGB,nan,CASE STUDY: Learn how Deutsche Börse (@DeutscheBoerse) uses Dataminr to protect its 10 000+ employees and assets wo… https://t.co/CZF1XCvoGB,neutral,0.05,0.94,0.01,neutral,0.05,0.94,0.01,True,English,"['Deutsche Börse', 'CASE STUDY', '10,000+ employees', 'DeutscheBoerse', 'Dataminr', 'assets', 'CZF1XCvoGB', 'Deutsche Börse', 'CASE STUDY', '10,000+ employees', 'DeutscheBoerse', 'Dataminr', 'assets', 'CZF1XCvoGB']",2022-11-07,2022-11-08,Unknown
12780,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,Retweet selected by the https://t.co/kmOCQTFIJb team |  Deutsche Boerse  Swisscom Settle Securities with Corda and… https://t.co/y01z78VKxW,nan,Retweet selected by the https://t.co/kmOCQTFIJb team |  Deutsche Boerse  Swisscom Settle Securities with Corda and… https://t.co/y01z78VKxW,neutral,0.09,0.9,0.0,neutral,0.09,0.9,0.0,True,English,"['kmOCQTFIJb team', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'Retweet', 'Swisscom', 'Securities', 'Corda', 'kmOCQTFIJb team', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'Retweet', 'Swisscom', 'Securities', 'Corda']",2022-11-06,2022-11-08,Unknown
12781,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,Retweet selected by the https://t.co/kmOCQTFIJb team |  Deutsche Boerse  Swisscom Settle Securities with Corda and… https://t.co/MNB8TuT19s,nan,Retweet selected by the https://t.co/kmOCQTFIJb team |  Deutsche Boerse  Swisscom Settle Securities with Corda and… https://t.co/MNB8TuT19s,neutral,0.09,0.9,0.01,neutral,0.09,0.9,0.01,True,English,"['kmOCQTFIJb team', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'Retweet', 'Swisscom', 'Securities', 'Corda', 'MNB8TuT19s', 'kmOCQTFIJb team', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'Retweet', 'Swisscom', 'Securities', 'Corda', 'MNB8TuT19s']",2022-11-05,2022-11-08,Unknown
12782,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,Retweet selected by the https://t.co/kmOCQTFIJb team |  Deutsche Boerse  Swisscom Settle Securities with Corda and… https://t.co/fqmsUJIzAm,nan,Retweet selected by the https://t.co/kmOCQTFIJb team |  Deutsche Boerse  Swisscom Settle Securities with Corda and… https://t.co/fqmsUJIzAm,neutral,0.12,0.87,0.01,neutral,0.12,0.87,0.01,True,English,"['kmOCQTFIJb team', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'Retweet', 'Swisscom', 'Securities', 'Corda', 'kmOCQTFIJb team', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'Retweet', 'Swisscom', 'Securities', 'Corda']",2022-11-04,2022-11-08,Unknown
12783,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://seekingalpha.com/article/4554145-euronext-n-v-euxtf-ceo-on-stephane-boujnah-q3-2022-results-earnings-call-transcript,Euronext N.V. (EUXTF) CEO on Stephane Boujnah Q3 2022 Results - Earnings Call Transcript,Euronext N.V. (OTCPK:EUXTF) Q3 2022 Earnings Conference Call November 4  2022 4:00 AM ETCompany ParticipantsStephane Boujnah - Chairman and Chief Executive OfficerGiorgio Modica - Chief...,Euronext N.V. (OTCPK:EUXTF) Q3 2022 Earnings Conference Call November 4  2022 4:00 AM ETCompany ParticipantsStephane Boujnah - Chairman and Chief Executive OfficerGiorgio Modica - Chief Financial OfficerSimon Gallagher - Head of Cash and DerivativesConference Call ParticipantsArnaud Giblat - BNP ParibasMatt Moon - KBWHaley Tam - Credit SuisseBruce Hamilton - Morgan StanleyIan White - Autonomous ResearchTobias Lukesch - Kepler CheuvreuxAndrew Coombs - CitiMike Werner - UBSOperatorHello  and welcome to the Euronext Third Quarter 202 Results Call. My name is Laura  and I will be your coordinator for today's event. [Operator Instructions].I will now hand you over to your host  Stephane Boujnah  the CEO and Chairman of the Managing Board of Euronext to begin today's conference. Thank you.Stephane BoujnahGood morning everybody and thank you for joining us for Euronext third quarter 2022 results conference call and webcast. I am Stephane Boujnah  CEO and Chairman of the Management Board of Euronext.I'd like to start by briefly taking you through some of the highlights of the third quarter before handing over to Giorgio Modica  the Euronext CFO who will further develop the main businesses and financial highlights of the quarter.Moving to slide four  as you have seen  Euronext reported a solid performance in the third quarter of 2020. This quarter was marked  as everybody noticed it  by challenging macro environment and lower trading volume. But this quarter demonstrated once again  the resilience of our diversified business model and the strength of our non-volume related activities combined with our trademark discipline. Euronext consolidated its position as the leading trading venue in Europe this quarter again  providing market participants with unrivaled market quality and market depth. In addition  we consolidated auditing position in equity listings in Europe  with 18 listings this quarter  but let's start with revenue.Underlying revenues were stable compared to Q3 2021  a 350.3 million euro  as a result of all based on lead diversified revenue stream. It was first non-volume related revenue had a strong performance of its own with enlisting in advanced data services  industry and in technology solution. In particular  this technology solutions revenue included for the first full quarter the contribution of the new core data center revenues following the migration report as [indiscernible] in June 2020. But second  our trading businesses  none related to equity markets  truly performance as well with double-digit growth year-over-year in commodities  derivatives  in forex trading  in power trading. So  on a reported basis  we clearly announced  as we announced it during the Q2 results last July  revenues were negatively impacted by a capital loss in net treasury income of 49 million pre-tax representing 35 million prospects. These results from the partial portfolio disposal at Euronext Clearing will neutralize any future impact of interest rate variations on net treasury income are clear in the account.Non volume related underlying revenues accounted for 59% of the total revenue and cover 138% of underlying operating expenses including D&A. On the cost side  the reported increase in underlying expenses excluding D&A mainly reflects the normalized level of marketing and travel expenses post-pandemic. But this cost performance this quarter also reflects our continuing cost discipline  despite inflationary pressure. Treasury costs are in line with usual seasonality and we confirm our 612 million cost guidance for the year  which means that we are confident in our ability to continue to control the impact of inflation on our costs in 2022  although we reported an adjusted EBITDA of 199.9 million and an adjusted EBITDA margin of 57.1%. This led to a slight decrease in adjusted EPS to 1.21 euro per share and adjusted net income to 129.5 million.Please keep in mind that we receive in a Euroclear dividend in Q3 2021 last year  whereas this year the interim dividends of Euroclear will be received in Q4 2022. On a reported basis  EPS for this quarter third quarter reached 0.71 euro. I would like to reiterate that today as already announced during our Q2 results  we intend to neutralize to offset the negative impact of this capital loss on the dividend that will be proposed for 2023 Annual General Meeting.Moving to slide five. This third quarter was very significant for the integration of the Borsa Italiana. At the end of the third quarter 2022  we reached the 24.4 million of cumulated run-rate EBITDA synergies in relation to the targeted synergies related to Borsa Italiana group integration. In total  by the end of Q3 2022  we have now spent 37.9 million of cumulated implementation costs  with 1.2 million incurred this quarter.Moving to slide six  as you remember it  we delivered in June 2022  the successful migration of [indiscernible]. The next few quarters will see the delivery of major milestones and the continuation of the Borsa Italiana integration. First  a significant project was delivered recently with the successful implementation of a new listing framework in Italy. This framework is harmonized with Euronext and global listing standards and it will significantly benefit Italian issuers  as it will further enhance the competitiveness of the Italian capital markets ecosystem. Second  the Italian ecosystem will also benefit from the upcoming first phase of the migration of Borsa Italiana cash market in March 2023 on to Optiq  the Euronext state-of-the-art operatory trading platform. This migration would provide Euronext and Borsa Italiana in Italy  but also market participants across other geographies  with significant benefits while retaining a strong local footprint. Such a migration into the Euroclear to the liquidity pool  into the Euroclear [indiscernible] book  into the Euroclear single technology platform will bring significant benefits as it did with the two previous successful migrations in Ireland and in Norway. This migration would create the largest integrated liquidity pool in Europe and the largest order book in Europe. It will also allow us to align trading fees in Italy for global players with the European printing. Third  we confirm the execution of the first phase of the European expansion of the Euronext Clearing with the expected launch of the equity clearing offering by Q4 2022. This move will be the first milestone of the transformation of Euronext Clearing. Our role is clearly to create the Euronext Clearing house of choice for the Euronext cash equity market. This will ensure strategic alignment with Euronext and its clearing house. This internalization of clearing operations will unlock further development opportunities in various fields  such as derivatives.I now hand over to Giorgio Modica for the review of our second quarter performance.Giorgio ModicaThank you  Stephane  and good morning  everyone. I would like to start the session with a quick reference to the cash equity trading educational session held in October. For those of you that missed it  the replay is available on our website. I presented the progress Euronext has made since its IPO in 2014 evolving significantly from the cash equity exchange it was. In 2014  36% of our revenue was related to cash equity trading and today only 19.2%. During the last year  you Euronext transformed itself into a fully integrated exchange and achieved significant diversification of its revenues away from cash equity trading. Furthermore Euronext not only diversified on volume-related activities  but also within its trading business. The different businesses we are operating in trading has no or limited correlation one with the other. This quarter illustrates this quite clearly with the strong performance of effects our trading and derivatives despite softer cash equity volumes. Diversification made our business model more robust across the different market cycles and allowed us to achieve stable underlying revenues this quarter  despite lower volumes.Let's have a look at the performance of our business in the third quarter of 2022. I am now on slide nine. The third quarter of 2022 demonstrated the robustness of Euronext diversified business model in a more challenging environment for cash payments. Euronext underlying revenue and income was stable compared to the third quarter of 2021 revenue and income  driven by strong results from non-volume related activities and the good performance of derivatives  effects and power trading activity. On a reported basis  revenue and income was down 14% to 301.4 million Euros reflecting the 49 million Euros of non-underlying loss related to the sale of part of Euronext leading fixed income portfolio. With that  the impact is 35 million Euros. Trading revenue was at 117.8 million Euros  down 5.2% resulting from lower cash  equity and MTS cash volumes  partially offset by the good revenue capture and strong quarter for FX  derivatives and power trading.Post-trade revenue excluding net treasury income grew 3.7% to 86.2 million Euros driven by the positive performance of clearing Custody and Settlement businesses. Advanced Data service revenue increased to 53 million Euros  up 6.3% due to a good performance across the offering. Listing revenue grew 6.3% to 54 million Euros confirming Euronext’s number one position for equity listings in Europe.In terms of revenue mix  the third quarter 2022 non-volume related revenue accounted for 59% of total group revenue versus 67% in the same quarter last year; thanks to the growth of our non-volume related activity. Lastly  non-volume related revenue covered 138% of our underlying operating costs  excluding D&A compared to 142% last year.Moving to the next slide for listing. In the third quarter of 2022  listing revenue was 54 million Euros  with an increase of 6.3% compared to the third quarter of 2021. This growth reflects a good performance of annual fees  corporate services  as well as the positive impacts of IFRS 15  which allow us to continue benefiting from the exceptional equity listing activity of 2021. During the third quarter of 2022  Euronext maintained its leading position in Europe for primary equity lifting  accounting 18 new listings in a challenging environment. In the third quarter of 2022  143.8 million Euros was raised on Euronext’s primary market compared to a very strong third quarter 2021 with 5.3 billion Euros. As far as secondary issues are concerned  4.8 billion was raised this quarter. Euronext also enforced its position as the leading brand for one listing worldwide with over 52 500 bonds listed across all Euronext markets. In the third quarter of 2022  172.8 billion Euros in debt was raised on Euronext markets. Overall  this brings us to a total of 177.7 billion Euros raised in equity and debt on Euronext’s markets this quarter. Lastly  Corporate Services continued its growth trajectory  slightly offset by lower Webcaster activity.Let's have a look now at our trading business. I'm now on slide 11 and I will start with cash trading. In the third quarter of 2022  we observed this lower cash equity trading volume which was partially offset by a good revenue capture. This led to cash trading revenue of 67.3 million Euros this quarter  with a decrease of 10.2% compared to the same quarter last year. Euronext recorded average daily volumes of 9.6 billion Euros  a volume decrease of 11.6% compared to the third quarter of 2021. Despite the more challenging selling environment  Euronext has confirmed its position as the largest  deepest and most stable single liquidity pool in Europe  offering the highest quality of execution to its market participants. Average revenue capture of the quarter increased to 0.53 basis points and the market share averaged 65.9%  in line with the pre-COVID level  both values include the Borsa Italiana. Like for like  cash trading revenue was down 10.2%.Moving on to derivative trading. Derivatives trading revenue was up 3.3% to 14 million Euros as a result of the strong traction of index derivatives and commodities derivatives trading combined with an enhanced revenue capture. In the third quarter of 2022  average daily volumes on financial delivery were down 12% year-on-year reflecting a decrease in equity future and option trading  which decreased mainly due to a base effect linked with exceptionally high level of activity of the third quarter of 2021. This quarter  commodity average daily volume increased 1.9%. Overall  revenue capture for derivatives reached 0.35 euro per lot  this is 16% up  mainly linked to a volume mix impact. On the like for like basis  derivative trading revenue was up 3.2% compared to the third quarter 2021.Lastly on fixed income trading. In the third quarter of 2022  fixed income trading reported revenues at 21.4 million Euros  minus 9.8% compared to 23.8 million Euros in the third quarter of 2021. MTS reported overall good performance in markets dominated by increasing interest rates. In the third quarter of 2022  MTS cash generated 13.1 million Euros of revenue and MTS Repo generated 5.4 million of revenue. The third quarter saw a strong traction in Repo trading with term adjusted ADV  up 14.7% to 323.2 billion Euros. This partially offset lower MTS cash average daily volume down 34% to 15.4 billion Euros compared to a very strong third quarter of 2021. On the like for like basis  fixed income  trading revenue was down 9.8% year-over-year.Continuing with trading on slide 12. The third quarter of 2022 saw the strong performance of Euronext FX in terms of both revenue and average daily volumes benefiting from volatility  geographic expansion and product diversification. Euronext reported average daily volumes of $21.7 billion in the third quarter of 2022  up 24.2% compared to the third quarter of 2021. Further  FX trading revenue increased 30.1% compared to the third quarter of 2021 at 7.3 million Euros. On the like for like basis  FX revenue was up 11.2% compared to the third quarter of 2021. This quarter  power trading reported 7.8 million in revenue  a growth of 23.5% year-on-year  driven by strong volumes  increased footprint of Nord Pool in central Europe  UK and Ireland and a strong performance in the Nordics. In the third quarter of 2022  average daily day-ahead power traded was 2.39 terawatt hour  an 18.5% increase compared to the third quarter of 2021  and average daily intraday power traded was the 0.10 terawatt hour  up 76.8% compared to the same quarter last year. On the like for like basis  power trading revenue was up 20.2% compared to the third quarter of 2021.Moving to slide 13  revenue from our first date activities excluding net treasury income increased 3.7% to 86.2 million Euros. In the third quarter of 2022  clearing revenue was up 5.5% with 29.1 million due to the strong bond derivatives trading activity. On the like for like basis  clearing revenue was up as well  5.5% As announced in the second quarter of 2022  we have disposed our loan-term Euronext Clearing fixed income security portfolio maturing after the first May 2023 in order to neutralize impacts of interest rates variation are our net treasury income. This led to a one-off pre-tax loss of 49 million Euros  35 million post tax. Adjusted for the one-off impact  net treasury income was at 10.7 million Euros this quarter  in line with the guidance provided in the second quarter of 2017. As a result of the disposal  our surplus regulatory capital for Euronext is expected to increase. The decrease of regulatory capital requirements for Euronext clearly linked to the investment portfolio will more than compensate the negative impact on available capital of the one-off loss resulting from the deposit.As a reminder  we expect a lower level of net treasury income marking at around 10 basis points in the fourth quarter of 2022 and in the first quarter of 2023  before normalizing at around 20 basis points from the starting of the second quarter of 2023. Finally  as the sale of the portfolio will have no negative impact on the available capital of the group  Euronext confirms the decision that the dividend for the fiscal year 2022 will be adjusted to neutralize any negative impact deriving from these operations. Moving back to the third quarter performance  custody  settlement and other post-trade revenue encompassing the activity of the four verticals we operate under the Euronext brands was up 2.8% to 57.1 million Euros. Like for like  custody and settlement and other post-trade revenue was up 0.5%.Moving to slide 14  I would like to use this opportunity to have a look at the seasonality of Euronext security activities. It is important to properly assess the performance of the board. During the last three years  we can observe a seasonal dip of CST revenue between the second and the third quarter. The explanation for the seasonality is three fold. Firstly  very few general meetings had dividend payments occur in the third quarter  leading to lower revenues related to issues services and issuance. Secondly  we observed the usual summer slowdown as experienced in other markets like the cash equity market. Thirdly  some specific services are charged twice a year  in the second year in the fourth quarter  and this further contributes to the seasonality. In addition  the seasonality in this slide allow us to illustrate the progress we've made over the last three years in growing and diversifying our Euronext Security business which resulted in a CAGR of 7.3% between the third quarter of 2019 and the third quarter of 2022.Moving on to slide 15  Advanced Data Services revenue was up 6.3% to 53 million Euros  driven by a strong fraction of our core data business  solid index activity and good momentum of the advanced data solution franchise. On a like for like basis  Advanced Data Services revenue was up 6.5% compared to the third quarter 2021. Investor service revenue was at 2.5 million this quarter  up 16.3% reflecting continued commercial expansion of the business  partially offset by mild reductions in stock. Like for like  investor service revenue was up 1.2%. Lastly  on technology solution  revenue was up 6.7% compared to the third quarter 2021 to 26 million Euros  reflecting the first full quarter of revenue of the new core data center following their migration on 6 June 2022. On the like for like basis  Euronext technology and other revenue was up 6.5% compared to the third quarter 2021.Let's move to slide 17. I would like to convey two message. The first one is that Euronext costs  as you can see in the graph are seasonally lower in the third quarter compared to the fourth quarter. Second  in the third quarter 2022  we reported 150.4 million of underlying costs  excluding D&A  an increase of 6.3% compared to the third quarter 2021. Please note that this increase is not related to inflation  but to the post-pandemic context that would need with more travels and more marketing expenses and higher cleaning expense related to the higher cleaning activities.Thanks to our continued costs discipline  despite the inflationary environment  we confirm our underlying cost guidance for 2022 at 612 million Euros. This brings us to the next slide with the EBITDA bridge. Euronext adjusted EBITDA for the quarter was down 4.4% to 199.9 million Euros resulting from stable underlying revenue and the 6.3% increase of underlying operational expenses  as we just discussed. The adjusted EBITDA margin decreased 2.6 points compared to the third quarter 2021 to 57.1%. On the like for like basis  EBITDA margin was at 57% this quarter and adjusted EBITDA decreased 5.2%. Finally  I would like to remind you that non-underlying costs  excluding D&A  are mainly related to the integration of Borsa and us.Moving to slide 19 to net income. Adjusted net income this quarter was down 5.5% to 129.5 million Euros resulting from the following elements. First D&A was broadly stable year-over-year; second  net financial expenses decreased the 10 million  due to positive FX impact with the revaluation of foreign currencies balances and results from equity investments decreased 10.1 million Euros as in the third quarter of 2021 will shift the dividend Euroclear and [indiscernible]  as Stephane just discussed  which will be paid in the fourth quarter this year. I would like to highlight that the non-underlined items in the future mainly represented by the loss on the sale of the fixed income portfolio and D&A mainly the PPA amortization of our acquisition.Lastly  income tax for the third quarter 2022 was 27.9 million. This translated into an effective tax rate for the quarter of 26.2%. Reported net income was 75.8 million and adjusted EPS is down 3.2% to 1.21 euro per share this quarter. As a reminder  we completed our rights issue in the second quarter of 2021. So even though now the number of shares were realized  we will have check out effect on EPS for the next quarter.Moving to the next slide  slide 24  cash flow generation and leverage  net operating cash flow post tax amounted to 318.1 million and the cash conversion from EBITDA was in excess of 100%. Excluding the impact on working capital from Nord Pool and Euronext Clearing  CCP activities net operating cash flow accounted for 179% of EBITDA. In addition to the working capital impact from CCP  we had the 148 million impact from other operating activities mainly reflecting accrued VAT payables and receipt of refundable VAT. At the end of the quarter  our net debt to LTM EBITDA ratio was at 2.3 times compared to 2.4 times in the second quarter of 2022. Excluding the non-underlying one of loss on NTI  net debt to EBITDA reported LTM was at 2.1 times.Moving to slide 21 for the evolution of our liquidity position over the quarter. As illustrated  our liquidity position remains very strong about 1.4 billion  including the unrolled SDF of 600 million Euros and excluding the cash in transit at Nord Pool.And with this  I would like to give back the floor to Stephane.Stephane BoujnahThank you  Giorgio. Once again  I would like to emphasize that  for 2022  dividends will not be impacted negatively by the change in our investment portfolio policy  as Giorgio said. But in a nutshell  we delivered a solid quarter in a challenging trading environment; thanks to our very diversified business model. The Borsa Italiana Group integration and the delivery of our cost guidance are both on track. We are very confident in our ability to continue to control inflation in order to meet our 2022 cost guidance. And looking forward to 2023  our diversified business model combined with our continuous cost discipline gives us the confidence to face the macroeconomic challenges ahead of us and to continue creating value for clients and for shareholders.I'm now available for your questions together with the Giorgio Modica  Anthony Attia and Simon Gallagher.Question-and-Answer SessionOperator[Operator Instructions] We'll now take our first question from Arnaud Giblat of BNP. Your line is open  please go ahead.Arnaud GiblatYeah. Good morning. I've got three questions  please. And firstly on net interest income  you mentioned here that  essentially  the net interest margin has come in and the cash balances have stayed stable and that's why we've seen a decline in NI. I'm just wondering if you could talk a bit more about the outlook and how that's likely to evolve in the coming quarters.My second question is  with regards to market data. Historically  you have been able to put up prices  we've seen a bit of inflation come through in some of your peers in market data  although it's not  I mean  pricing more in other areas. But I'm just wondering whether you can apply some re-pricing there in 2023.And my final question is on M&A  I'm just wondering  how you're viewing M&A under your framework of royalty is greater than VAC [Phonetic] in the context of calling the cost of debt  the equity risk premium generally going up  how has your VAC evolved  and how you're thinking about M&A versus the opportunity perhaps in the longer term of buying back your Euroclear.Stephane BoujnahThank you  Arnaud. So I'll take the question on M&A and just will compliment on the balance sheet outlook for the company and Giorgio will also cover your first question on the NCI and market data pricing. On the M&A front  as everyone appreciate it  we are in the moving environment where valuations are being reassessed by market that are across the board. So all stock prices are under the pressure  the valuation of some of the targets that everyone is looking at is also under pressure. So  we are in a very  very challenging environment.The usual competition in the M&A environment from private equity players is also changing  access to leverage for some of them were usual  competing bidders in some asset is evolving. Some of them who are owners of assets that might be of interest to us to diversify our revenue streams are also not necessarily under pressure  but has to revisit their exit options. So the overall environment for rotation of assets is changing both for potential buyers and for potential sellers. In this environment  clearly  the cost of debt is changing  the parameters to return on capital employed are moving  and we are monitoring all of those but what I'm trying to convey I'll know is that the world environment is changing above and beyond the cost of debt. I'll leave the floor to Giorgio to be more specific on how we are approaching this environment in particular in a situation  in a context where the deleveraging of Euronext is continuing.What I want to say is that on the share buyback approach  because this issue was raised by some investors  for the moment  we take the view that retaining balance sheets flexibility  retaining the optionality to deploy capital for acquisitions. Retaining the means that are needed to further grow is probably a better use of capital than the share buyback for the moment. Giorgio?Giorgio ModicaDebt  I mean  three comments on my side on balance sheet and leverage and then I will talk to the question on NPI and market data. The first element is that with the shares down of the portfolio of Euronext Clearing  formerly CC&G  we are as well reducing and improving the creditworthiness of the group that we hope will translate into better rating and for higher financial flexibility which means that to a certain extent  our profile is slightly better than what the 2.1 time net leverage would suggest. This is the first comment.The second comment I would like to make is that clearly when we're looking at the cash on our balance sheet  we are looking as well at the cost opportunity of the cash and clearly now it is much different from what it was even a few months ago  considering that the debt financing rates that we will incur  should we again increase our leverage or secure new debt. When it comes to the NPI  just to be clear  what is going to happen is the following. We’ve disposed the long-term part of our portfolio  and therefore  we have reduced the interest rate mismatch in our clearing business.Before we had 100% of our liability that were indexed on variable rate  but only 75% of the assets; now  we have reduced that to 10%. And from today to the first of May next year  we will progressively let the portfolio of CC&G mature and reinvest in ECB. This is what explains the fact that for two quarters we will have a lower level of NTI at 10 basis points but then starting from the second quarter next year  at that point  we will have 100% of the asset and liability indexed on variable ECB rates and therefore the further evolution of interest rates will have no impact on our stressed net treasury income and we assess that 20 basis points is the level that we can maintain  again  despite the underlying input.Then with respect to your question on market data  the answer is yes. So the price increase in line with inflation was already communicated to the client. And more specifically  the main price changes per market data are communicated around the middle of the year  June  July and reflect the inflation of the previous year. For next year  inflation in prices is going to be around 5% and this is a process that we've always followed. So by the same token  next year  in June  we will revise prices taking into consideration that the actual inflation of 2022 and in 2024 the inflation of the [indiscernible].Arnaud GiblatThat's great  thank you.OperatorThank you. We'll move on to our next question from Matt Moon of KBW  your line is open. Please go ahead.Matt MoonHi  good morning  maybe a couple of questions on expenses. First question  you've done a nice job at containing inflationary pressures this year. But as we look out towards next year  I'm just wondering if you're seeing any signs of those inflationary pressures beginning to ease at all or have those been relatively persistent? And second question on expenses  you highlighted good resilience in your revenues in the third quarter with revenues flat year-on-year. However  if the macro environment continues to worsen from here  and we're in a scenario where revenues begin to decline year-on-year  can you remind us how much flexibility there is to pull back on the cost base maybe naturally in terms of variable expenses? And then would there be other levers that you have to pull in terms of a more challenging -- managing through in a more challenging revenue environment  if that were to come to fruition?Stephane BoujnahI'll give you the big picture and if Giorgio wants to elaborate or complement  he is welcome to do it. You have to understand that cost management has been the fundamental feature of the development of Euronext since 2015  2016. And we are not waiting for pressure on top line or for changing macro environment to deploy those sorts of mechanism internally to create extreme reactivity on cost management. So we are not surprised by the current environment and we already in the process of finalizing the budget for 2023 and as you can imagine  we take appropriate measures. So for us  cost management in difficult macro environment is not something new because it's just cost management  or stress testing on the cost front.Every unit in the organization is part of business as usual. It's not like in other organizations that factor the panic mode development  it's just the ordinary course of business. And I want to insist on that because effective cost management is not intellectually complicated  it's culturally complex. Organizations that are strong at managing costs are organizations with a culture of efficiency and cost discipline is deployed everywhere. And it's very long to put in place  and it's very effective as it exists. So that should be very  very clear. So we have all sorts of measures for adjusting cost based events.Now  when it comes to your first question about persistent inflation  it's clear we have some areas where our cost base is more impacted by inflation than in other areas  I mean  clearly  energy  which is an issue for all data centers  but in most cases  we can pass two or three clients with users  the cost of energy to our clients. For buildings  it is marginal compared to our cost base. We have increased the prices in technology  in hardware and software  in some professional services  and insurances or these types of areas and  clearly  we have to manage very  very carefully the pressure on labor costs.We are doing that in a very differentiated granular manner  there would not be any thumb downs in case of labor costs. And clearly we have to do it in a very differentiated manner  because our themes are spread across Europe and the inflation rates in Europe are very different. As you know  in countries like France is between 5% and 6% inflation  whereas in the Netherlands  it's close to 17%. So  we have to address the impact of inflation on labor cost in a super differentiated manner  in a timely manner and that's the best way to control it and to mitigate the impact for potentially to beat up the inflation -- relation between inflation and labor. Giorgio  do you want to compliment or to add more specific comments?Giorgio ModicaNo. Just to comment  clearly  the inflationary environment gives us an opportunity as well if you look at inflationary trend on revenue as well. We discussed market data  but market data is not going to be the only area on which we will reflect the increased cost in revenue. In the second element  we said our cost base is largely fixed. Having said that  there is no fixed cost in the mid-term  which means that should there be anything above and beyond what we are expecting  arguably that we will have the opportunity to revise our fixed cost base to make sure that we will deliver in any scenario the target promised for 2024.Matt MoonGreat. Thank you very much.OperatorThank you. We'll move on to our next question from Haley Tam of Credit Suisse. Your line is open. Please go ahead.Haley TamGood morning. Thank you very much for taking my questions. If I dare could I ask a question about revenue capture  please  and then also one about your synergies. In terms of revenue capture  obviously  your cash trading yield was high this quarter a 0.53 basis points. Thank you for the education session you did give us a few weeks away. Can you talk to us about the sustainability at this level and how much of the improvement in Q3 was due to the liquidity programs and the customer segmentation you've talked about? And if you could help me understand the possible uplift from a migration of the Borsa Italiana to Euronext rescheduled next March  could you tell us what the current yield is excluding Borsa Italiana?And then if I can a question on synergies just to confirm the 24.4 million euro run rate that you have at the moment with the migration of Borsa to Optiq in March  should I expect that to account for or to better see most of the move to your original 60 million euro target  which I think was set excluding any Euronext excluding uplift. Thank you.Simon GallagherHi  this is --Stephane BoujnahGo ahead  Simon.Simon GallagherYeah  Simon Gallagher  I will answer your questions. So first of all  in terms of the yield performance in Q3  and the good yield performance  this was primarily due to the lower volume environment we witnessed over the quarter and as more volumes are going through the higher priced lower volume tranches of the fee grid. Secondly  in terms of outlook for the yield  I think we're going into an era now where the pricing programs that we are going to roll out going forward will be slightly more focused on capturing incremental volumes at a slightly lower marginal yield. So some of the pricing schemes you've seen us rollout in recent months have involved subscription fees for the first time.So these are very  very small volumes going through these pricing schemes at the moment  but I think -- and  Giorgio  please correct me  but I think some of the yield numbers we saw over the last year with smaller trade sizes contributing significantly to the yield numbers; I think we've seen sort of the top end of the of the yield numbers. Going forward into next year  there will be a number of important points in yield management  notably the integration of the Borsa Italiana volumes onto the Euronext V grid  and the new Euronext V grids  which will apply at that point. And so there will be further opportunities at the end of March for further yield enhancement on segmentation on the legacy bolster business. I don't know Giorgio in terms of any more -- outlook  feel me to be any more precise  please tell me.Giorgio ModicaMaybe a few comments on my side and just make a step back  before the integration of Borsa Italiana  we got it for the 0.50 type of sustainable margin. Now  we are running excluding Borsa Italiana in excess of 10% above that. And if you look at the combination between the market share and the revenue capture  this is still very positive. So clearly  we are not in the previous situation where we have an exceptionally high market share  an exceptionally high level of revenue capture  but the fundamental reasons for us benefit from higher revenue capture remains intact. Euronext remains the point of price formation and we are finally spending more and more time to client to make it even more evident.So what I would say is the following that in terms of the long-term sustainable rate  nothing is changing and we are running above what we define as a long-term sustainable target. So if we adjust the 0.50 for the integration on Borsa Italiana  this would put us in a couple of basis points that 0.47  0.48 and we're running at 0.53. So before that the integration of Borsa Italiana  clearly  we are in a good spot  and there's likely deputies measure will have a very  very limited impact on the overall revenue capture. So the key message is Euronext remains the point of transformation and we believe that in the long term we can sustain the level that we thought were sustainable in the long run at the level of around 0.50 basis points as we said.On the second question on the synergies  I cannot -- we will give more details in the fourth quarter  give to granular feedback  but what I can say is clearly in -- by the end of 2023  most of the synergies communicated will be delivered on a run rate basis. So  this really something that we can confirm there.Haley TamThank you.OperatorThank you. Now we'll move on to our next question from Bruce Hamilton of Morgan Stanley. Your line is open  please go ahead.Bruce HamiltonThanks very much. Couple of questions from me. One  just going back to sort of the NTI or NII on clearing looking forward  so I think if I heard correctly you're saying  think around sort of 20 basis points on the cash collateral. So are we saying that you're pretty insensitive to rates moving higher or do you get any benefit as rates move higher  or -- because Stephane  i.e. you’re paying overnight  but then investing in sort of one in three month  just to understand how that could sort of move in a high rate environment?And then secondly  on the sort of opportunities on the revenue side  I think  in the past  you've talked about the potential to roll out MTS internationally. And I just wondered where you are on that  and how big an opportunity that is  or whether we shouldn't be assuming too much from that. Thank you.Stephane BoujnahOn MTS  I'll make the point and on NTI  Giorgio will answer your question. Progress on MTS internalizations are happening. It's a slow development. What I can tell you is that in certain countries  like for example  France  progress have been significant in terms of volumes already. But it's a slow motion exercise  because it's all about entering into detailed dialogues with debt management offices that do not use the MTS platform for secondary trading for the moment  convincing them that this is a solution that is complementary to the historical relationship they have with primary dealers  clubs  and human interactions with the primary dealers. It's a long process  what we are observing is that in the context where interest rates are increasing  where secondary trading becomes more important and it used to be in a negative or very low interest rates environment. There is more opening and willingness by debt management offices across Europe to listen to the value added -- the added value of MTS solutions. So it's real  but it's slow  but it's starting to become -- to materialize. Giorgio.Giorgio ModicaJust maybe a quick comment on MTS  in the 15.4 billion of cash volumes  what we're seeing is  for example  higher share coming from the trading of French government bonds  the level which is unprecedented. So we are starting to see some first sign of positive traction  but as Stephane said  it is something that needs to be developed. When it comes to NTI  just to be clear  the 20 basis points and the current strategy we are adopting would make us immune to changes of interest rate and therefore we will not benefit from an increase of interest rates. We would have assets at variable rates and liabilities at variable rates  we would have fixed spread between the two. Our strategies does not include  for the moment  any optimization to take advantage of the 20 billion of collateral that shipped with Euronext Clearing at the moment and those billion might further increase following the increase of activity of Euronext Clearing.What would take for us to take a more a different stance would be I believe a few elements. The first one is a normalization of the environment  so an environment where interest rates are slightly more predictable than today; and second  really the assessment and the right balance between risk and reward of the investment of part of the collateral  but for the time being and to be going straight to your question is  with the strategy we’d be insensitive to interest rates  we’d make 20 basis point on collateral and we will not take any counterparty risk because our counterparty would be [indiscernible].Bruce HamiltonGreat. Thank you.OperatorThank you. We'll take our next question from Ian White of Autonomous Research. Your line is open  please go ahead.Ian WhiteHi. Good morning. Thanks for taking my questions. Just a couple from me  please. Firstly  just to sort of wrap up on cash equity trading. Have we seen all of the market share pressure there now? Can we expect stability or even growth in the market share again  from here? It sounds like again  you're sort of reiterating that this is sort of a post pandemic anomaly. So  I just wanted to clarify that we're kind of through that now.Secondly  I just wondered if you could perhaps say a bit more about how taking ownership of the data center might benefit Euronext business over the medium term. Might it help you to increase volumes from some of the larger market makers  since you now owe directly the terms of service for high frequency trading firms  for example  or are there any other particular opportunities we should be thinking about in terms of how the data center feed back into the wider group. Thanks very much.Stephane BoujnahOn the data center front  there are two areas of development. The first one will be clearly commented [Phonetic] by Simon in a minute but in addition to the impact on volumes  we are developing co-location services with the broader complimentary services offered to either market participants or to partners that are not necessarily market participants  but wants to be -- to benefit from the quality of our co-location services for other purposes. So we have launched the new offerings and we are starting to see tractions that are not directly Optiq related co-location services. So we should think about the data center as a new avenue of revenues in terms of technology solutions  and as an enabler  to more volumes or developments in our cash  equity trading going on the other assets trading really. So  Simon  over to you.Simon GallagherThank you  Stephane. So firstly  on the market share questions  so there's been no doubt since post COVID here that the level of competitive intensity on the core cash equities trading business has reverted to pre-COVID levels. So I think it's very good to put the recent movements in context. It wasn't too long ago that some of the big primary markets  including ourselves had market shares below 60% in -- I think it was 2014. And so I think we have seen movements in recent months.And as Giorgio has underlined previously on the call  we dispose off probably more tools in our box of pricing schemes and liquidity schemes than any other market. This week -- and this is all public information  we rolled out a new version of our flagship blue chip [Technical Difficulty] scheme and we're seeing very  very positive initial results on this with a positive effect on market share in the last three days  outperforming peers in particular. And so I think what we're seeing is just a simple reversion to the competitive intensity which was part of everyday life pre-COVID and we're well equipped to deal with that at Euronext.Secondly  just to comment -- Stephane comments on the data center  in addition to the incremental revenues from handling the data center ourselves from an operational perspective  we offer smart hands services  we offer lots of new value-added services  and we're looking at offering non-co-located customers space in the building as well. The impact on this in terms of liquidity is going to take a longer  longer period to settle down. In immediate months since migration  the liquidity impact was surprisingly stable for Euronext  which was very  very good news. So obviously  there's increased latency between ourselves and some of the technology setups of the big banks in London but all this went very  very smoothly.And going forward  I think the big change we'll see is a gradual shift of infrastructure  maybe from the UK environment by the big investment banks  to the triangle of liquidity  which is emerging between Zurich  Bergamo and Frankfurt. And so when these shifts of infrastructure's happen from the big US investment banks  I think this is when we'll start to see the center of sort of the liquidity in latency terms shifting to this new center of gravity in Europe  which will dominate volumes in Europe. So  it's very early days to see the liquidity benefits  but it's definitely going in that direction of travel. So hopefully that adds some color to Stephane’s answer.Ian WhiteThat's very interesting. Thanks for those points.OperatorThank you. We'll take our next question from Tobias Lukesch of Kepler Cheuvreux. Your line is open  please go ahead.Tobias LukeschYes  good morning. Thank you. Two questions on my side  both half answered  so bear with me  please. But I would like to  again  touch a little bit on the very positive integration Stephane you highlighted basically for that quarter. Looking into Q4  I was wondering  since we hardly saw any effects on the synergy side  and also integration costs wise  how we should think about Q4 in particular  and you just highlighted basically the outline for 2023  which is very helpful. And on the cost side  I mean  you said you're now on the planning mode  there will be an update next year with a clear cost target. But I was wondering  it's like if there's a little hint we could use for basically next year  especially maybe Q1  Q2  on the underlying cost side? Thank you.Stephane BoujnahThe only thing I can give you in terms of guidance is to reiterate our first guidance for 2022  which has been the number was revised and awards and that we confirm our cost guidance for 2022 despite inflationary pressure on 2022. The other thing I can confirm is overall guidance in terms of EBITDA growth for the end of before  as announced in November 2021. At this stage  we cannot provide you any guidance for cost in terms of fees nor more  specifically for Q1 or Q2. On the Q4 synergies  that quarterly reporting does not necessarily reflect the whole -- the phase of significant milestones  clearly this quarter was relatively sound in terms of real milestones  in terms of run rate synergies.Q4  we have more run rate synergies to be reported and 2023 will be a very significant in terms of run rate synergies in particular  it is not one thing but in particular because of the Optiq migration  which will have impact on cost  material impact on cost and the possibility of the transition service agreements with the [indiscernible] IT technology services provided by the London Stock Exchange Group to Borsa Italiana but also in terms of internal cost in terms of professional services that been deployed to organize this migration but also in terms of revenues as indicated earlier  with the harmonization of the feed rates for global players operating on the Italian market with the European fee environment  those requests were up. So 2023 will be very material  Q4 will be an active quarter in terms of synergies. I just want to highlight that what is important is that we confirm the overall ambition and target and objective to deliver by the end of 2024  100 million of EBITDA expansion for the group compared to what it was in [indiscernible] is good.Tobias LukeschThank you very much. If I may ask again  on the outlook you gave for 2023  if I got that correctly  you said most of these 60 million revenue synergies you were expecting to realize by 2023. Did I get that correctly?Giorgio ModicaSo what I was saying is that most of the 100 million synergies are expected to be delivered in 2023  including cost management [Phonetic].Tobias LukeschSorry  I had a bad line. So it's the underlying costs  so it's more under 40 million side that you expect that full effect to it by the end of 2023.Giorgio ModicaNo  no. What I said is most of the 100 million  the total target  most of the total synergy target  on run rate basis  is expected to be delivered in 2023  revenues and cost  the two.Tobias LukeschOkay  well understood now. Thank you very much.OperatorWe'll move on to our next question from Andrew Coombs from Citi. Your line is open. Please go ahead.Andrew CoombsGood morning. I think most of mine have been answered. But perhaps I could just ask on financing. I guess three parts of the question. Firstly  you've actually had a positive move both year-on-year and QonQ in the net financing income expense  which you put down to FX translation  but perhaps you could elaborate on that. Secondly  if I look at the split of your gross debt  and you helpfully put in slide 31 as well  it all seems to be fixed  but if you could just confirm that there's nothing floating rate in there. And then finally  given the move that we've seen in rates  does that impact on your thought process on M&A  how big you'd be willing to go your schedule  you want to keep flexibility  but the change in rates and potential implications for financing impact on your thought process as far as M&A is concerned? Thank you.Giorgio ModicaYeah. So to answer your question  yes  correctly  the reduction of net treasury income this quarter is mainly related to NFX wherein we have the revaluation of the stock in foreign currency that they have appreciated against the euro. But as a general trend  we are looking at the decrease  which is going to be recurring over time  because  more and more  we will be able to have a positive interest rate on our billion of cash. So this year  this quarter  that to certain extent  that is very specific FX impact but if we look at the next quarters  and into 2023  we might see as well  a positive trend coming from cashing in the cost opportunity of cash.When it comes to your question  do we factor the cost of debt into M&A? The answer is clearly yes. The answer is clearly yes. Despite the fact that we have a very favorable rates today  our 3 billion have an average maturity is slightly higher than eight year with the rate of 1%. And we are very fortunate to have locked in for a very long time a good rate. Despite that  in assessing any opportunity in the financial structure  we do take into consideration that the prevailing market conditions which are very different from what they were even only 12 months ago. If you can remind me your second question  because I didn't get it correctly  I want to make sure I get it right.Andrew CoombsI guess the other two parts  we're just making sure that all of the gross debt is fixed  there isn't a floating component within it and then  finally  just how you think about M&A in the context of more expensive financing now.Giorgio ModicaYeah  I can confirm that 100% of our debt is fixed  whereas  just as a reference  the same quarter last year  we had a swap in place that was terminated last quarter  and that allowed us to save money. So the decrease in terms of cost of financing is even higher considering that this quarter we are not benefiting from the hedge we have. And then when it comes to the side  again  I can repeat what I just said  in assessing any acquisition  we do consider that the new and prevailing financing condition  so this is what I can say. Then this is the part of the framework. So what we do consider and I can reiterate what we already said  is that our long-term objective is to remain strong investment grade  and financing costs are part of that equation. And the other element that I would like to underline  again  is that we have today more flexibility than we had just a few months ago because of the decision to reduce our fixed income portfolio because that fixed income portfolio was one of the important element triggering and not downgrade for clearing risks. So I believe that these contributors were to increase potentially the envelope available to us for future M&A.Andrew CoombsThat's very helpful. Thank you.OperatorAnd we will now take our last question from Mike Werner of UBS. Your line is open  please go ahead.Mike WernerThank you very much. I had a question regarding the Euronext Clearing opportunities. Can you just tell me where you are with regards to the potential opportunity to clear the derivatives that are traded within Euronext? I know  currently  you have a contract with LCH  it is for LCH Paris to clear that  I think  through 2027. Is there -- when should we think about that from a timing perspective? When is your first opportunity to exit that contract? And if you could provide any color with regards to the cost of that exit and when that should feed through from a revenue perspective into Euronext? Thank you.Giorgio ModicaSo  few considerations. The first one is  unfortunately  for many reason  I cannot answer as precisely as your question would suggest. What I can say is  unfortunately  general is the fact that as Euronext  we are money minded to migrate and to extend the activity of Euronext Clearing to clear the derivatives of the whole Euronext franchise. However  to do that  this is a decision making process on timing  which is not concluded and  therefore  I cannot elaborate further. Once we will have completed this process  we will inform and follow the necessary steps and just to give you a very clear indication  it is clearly  we will need to -- I mean  we will need to follow a number of very precise steps in the decision making process on the timing  it is not over yet. So  unfortunately  I cannot comment further.Mike WernerThank you. And kind of just a quick follow up. So  you said that most of the 100 million of synergy opportunities should be delivered on a run rate basis by the end of next year. So I can presume that any impact coming from the internalization of derivative clearing is not included in that 100 million?Giorgio ModicaAgain  I cannot comment further and add any detail that might entail the date of a potential termination of our derivative clearing arrangement with the list.Mike WernerOkay  thank you very much.OperatorThank you. There are no further questions. I will now hand you back to your host to conclude today's conference. Thank you.Stephane BoujnahThank you very much for your time and wish you a very good day.OperatorLadies and gentlemen  this concludes today's call. Thank you for your participation. Stay safe. You may now disconnect.,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.36,0.23,0.41,True,English,"['Stephane Boujnah Q3 2022 Results', 'Euronext N.V.', 'Earnings Call Transcript', 'EUXTF', 'CEO', 'new core data center revenues', 'Euronext third quarter 2022 results conference call', 'Non volume related underlying revenues', 'Euronext Third Quarter 202 Results Call', 'lead diversified revenue stream', 'Q3 2022 Earnings Conference Call', 'cumulated run-rate EBITDA synergies', 'Borsa Italiana group integration', 'Conference Call Participants', 'volume related activities', 'advanced data services', 'volume related revenue', 'diversified business model', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'partial portfolio disposal', 'interest rate variations', '2023 Annual General Meeting', 'lower trading volume', 'Borsa Italiana integration', 'first full quarter', 'Chief Financial Officer', 'cumulated implementation costs', 'Euronext N.V.', 'leading trading venue', 'underlying operating expenses', 'quarter third quarter', 'technology solutions revenue', 'unrivaled market quality', 'net treasury income', 'continuing cost discipline', '612 million cost guidance', 'underlying expenses', 'net income', 'Q2 results', 'Treasury costs', 'EBITDA margin', 'trademark discipline', 'cost side', 'Euronext CFO', 'Euronext Clearing', 'trading businesses', 'forex trading', 'power trading', 'Company Participants', 'market participants', 'travel expenses', 'cost performance', 'adjusted EBITDA', 'total revenue', 'Stephane Boujnah', 'Giorgio Modica', 'Simon Gallagher', 'Arnaud Giblat', 'BNP Paribas', 'Matt Moon', 'Haley Tam', 'Credit Suisse', 'Bruce Hamilton', 'Morgan Stanley', 'Ian White', 'Autonomous Research', 'Tobias Lukesch', 'Kepler Cheuvreux', 'Andrew Coombs', 'Mike Werner', 'UBS Operator', 'Managing Board', 'Management Board', 'main businesses', 'financial highlights', 'macro environment', 'migration report', 'equity markets', 'double-digit growth', 'capital loss', '35 million prospects', 'D&A.', 'normalized level', 'inflationary pressure', 'usual seasonality', 'slight decrease', 'interim dividends', 'successful migration', 'major milestones', 'significant project', 'solid performance', 'strong performance', 'future impact', 'negative impact', 'auditing position', 'equity listings', '350.3 million euro', 'Euroclear dividend', '18 listings', '1.21 euro', 'OTCPK', 'EUXTF', 'Chairman', 'Head', 'Cash', 'Derivatives', 'KBW', 'Citi', 'name', 'Laura', 'coordinator', 'today', 'event', 'host', 'CEO', 'everybody', 'webcast', 'resilience', 'strength', 'Europe', 'depth', 'addition', 'enlisting', 'industry', 'contribution', 'June', 'commodities', 'basis', 'tax', 'account', 'increase', 'marketing', 'pandemic', 'year', 'ability', 'EPS', 'share', 'mind', 'Q4', 'relation', 'targeted', 'quarters', 'delivery', 'continuation', '0.71']",2022-11-07,2022-11-08,seekingalpha.com
12784,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/biotalys-announces-participation-investor-industry-060000610.html,Biotalys announces participation at investor and industry events for the remainder of 2022,Ghent  Belgium  Nov. 07  2022 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Biotalys (Euronext - BTLS)  an Agricultural Technology (AgTech) company protecting crops and food with...,"Biotalys NVGhent  Belgium  Nov. 07  2022 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Biotalys (Euronext - BTLS)  an Agricultural Technology (AgTech) company protecting crops and food with protein-based biocontrol solutions  today announces the upcoming participation of the company in a variety of European investor and business events. Biotalys welcomes the opportunity to engage with institutional and retail investors during these events to share the company’s exciting development since its IPO mid last year.North Carolina agriculture investor conferenceNovember 9  2022Research Triangle Park  NC USAPresentation by Patrice Sellès  CEO of BiotalysCrop Science Forum & Awards 20222November 10  2022VirtualBiotalys and its manufacturing partner Olon are finalist in the Award for Best Industry CollaborationKepler Cheuvreux Global AgriFood Forum 2022November 14  2022VirtualPresentation by Biotalys’ management and 1-2-1 meetings with investorsGerman Equity ForumNovember 28-30  2022Frankfurt  GermanyPresentation by company management and 1-2-1 meetings with investorsCanaccord Genuity AgriFood Tech Innovations ForumDecember 1  2022VirtualPresentation by company management and 1-2-1 meetings with investorsBiotalys Shareholders ClubDecember 8  2022Ghent  BelgiumSite visit at Biotalys headquarters for retail investorsBiocontrol & BiomesDecember 13-14  2022Madrid  Spain (hybrid event)Presentation by Luc Maertens  COO of BiotalysAbout BiotalysBiotalys is an Agricultural Technology (AgTech) company protecting crops and food with proprietary protein-based biocontrol solutions and aiming to provide alternatives to conventional chemical pesticides for a more sustainable and safer food supply. Based on its novel AGROBODY™ technology platform  Biotalys is developing a strong and diverse pipeline of effective product candidates with a favorable safety profile that aim to address key crop pests and diseases across the whole value chain  from soil to plate. Biotalys was founded in 2013 as a spin-off from the VIB (Flanders Institute for Biotechnology) and is listed on Euronext Brussels since July 2021. The company is based in the biotech cluster in Ghent  Belgium. More information can be found on www.biotalys.com .Story continuesFor further information  please contactToon Musschoot  Head of IR & CommunicationT: +32 (0)9 274 54 00E: Toon.Musschoot@biotalys.comImportant NoticeThis announcement contains statements which are ""forward-looking statements"" or could be considered as such. These forward-looking statements can be identified by the use of forward-looking terminology  including the words ‘aim’  'believe'  'estimate'  'anticipate'  'expect'  'intend'  'may'  'will'  'plan'  'continue'  'ongoing'  'possible'  'predict'  'plans'  'target'  'seek'  'would' or 'should'  and contain statements made by the company regarding the intended results of its strategy. By their nature  forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties and readers are warned that none of these forward-looking statements offers any guarantee of future performance. The Biotalys actual results may differ materially from those predicted by the forward-looking statements. Biotalys makes no undertaking whatsoever to publish updates or adjustments to these forward-looking statements  unless required to do so by law.",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.38,0.19,0.43,True,English,"['industry events', 'Biotalys', 'participation', 'investor', 'remainder', '2022', 'Canaccord Genuity AgriFood Tech Innovations Forum', 'Kepler Cheuvreux Global AgriFood Forum', 'North Carolina agriculture investor conference', 'novel AGROBODY™ technology platform', 'investors German Equity Forum', 'proprietary protein-based biocontrol solutions', 'Crop Science Forum', 'Research Triangle Park', 'Patrice Sellès', 'Best Industry Collaboration', 'conventional chemical pesticides', 'effective product candidates', 'favorable safety profile', 'key crop pests', 'safer food supply', 'Biotalys Shareholders Club', 'European investor', 'Agricultural Technology', 'GLOBE NEWSWIRE', 'upcoming participation', 'retail investors', 'exciting development', 'NC USA', 'manufacturing partner', '1-2-1 meetings', 'Site visit', 'hybrid event', 'Luc Maertens', 'diverse pipeline', 'value chain', 'Flanders Institute', 'biotech cluster', 'Communication T', 'Important Notice', 'forward-looking terminology', 'intended results', 'future performance', 'actual results', 'looking statements', 'business events', 'Euronext Brussels', 'More information', 'company management', 'Biotalys NV', 'Biotalys’ management', 'Biotalys headquarters', 'The Biotalys', 'Toon Musschoot', 'AgTech) company', 'Ghent', 'Belgium', 'BTLS', 'crops', 'variety', 'opportunity', 'institutional', 'IPO', 'Presentation', 'CEO', 'Awards', 'Virtual', 'Olon', 'finalist', 'November', 'Frankfurt', 'Germany', 'December', 'Biomes', 'Madrid', 'Spain', 'COO', 'alternatives', 'sustainable', 'strong', 'diseases', 'soil', 'plate', 'spin-off', 'VIB', 'Biotechnology', 'July', 'Story', 'announcement', 'use', 'words', 'plans', 'target', 'strategy', 'nature', 'risks', 'uncertainties', 'readers', 'none', 'guarantee', 'updates', 'adjustments', 'law']",2022-11-07,2022-11-08,finance.yahoo.com
12785,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/pharming-attend-credit-suisse-31st-060000453.html,Pharming to attend Credit Suisse 31st Annual Healthcare Conference,"Pharming Group N.V. (""Pharming"") (Euronext Amsterdam: PHARM/Nasdaq: PHAR) announces that Pharming's Chief Executive Officer  Sijmen de Vries  and Chief...","LEIDEN  The Netherlands  Nov. 7  2022 /PRNewswire/ -- Pharming Group N.V. (""Pharming"") (Euronext Amsterdam: PHARM/Nasdaq: PHAR) announces that Pharming's Chief Executive Officer  Sijmen de Vries  and Chief Medical Officer  Anurag Relan  will attend the Credit Suisse 31st Annual Healthcare Conference in Rancho Palos Verdes  California  November 7-10  2022.Pharming Group NV LogoPharming's CEO and CMO will be available for one-to-one investor and corporate meetings.For more information about the conference  or to schedule a one-to-one with Pharming's management team  please contact your Credit Suisse representative  or send an email to Pharming's Investor Relations team to investor@pharming.com.About Pharming Group N.V.Pharming Group N.V. (EURONEXT Amsterdam: PHARM/Nasdaq: PHAR) is a global biopharmaceutical company dedicated to transforming the lives of patients with rare  debilitating  and life-threatening diseases. Pharming is commercializing and developing an innovative portfolio of protein replacement therapies and precision medicines  including small molecules  biologics  and gene therapies that are in early to late-stage development. Pharming is headquartered in Leiden  Netherlands  and has employees around the globe who serve patients in over 30 markets in North America  Europe  the Middle East  Africa  and Asia-Pacific. For more information  visit www.pharming.com or follow us on LinkedIn.For further public information  contact:Pharming Group  Leiden  The NetherlandsHeather Robertson  Investor Relations & Corporate Communications ManagerT: +31 71 5247 400E: investor@pharming.comFTI Consulting  London  UKVictoria Foster Mitchell/Alex ShawT: +44 203 727 1000FTI Consulting  USAJim PolsonT: +1 (312) 553-6730LifeSpring Life Sciences Communication  Amsterdam  The NetherlandsLeon MelensT: +31 6 53 81 64 27E: pharming@lifespring.nlLogo - https://mma.prnewswire.com/media/1778344/Pharming_Group_NV_Logo.jpgCisionView original content:https://www.prnewswire.co.uk/news-releases/pharming-to-attend-credit-suisse-31st-annual-healthcare-conference-301669621.html",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.0,True,English,"['Credit Suisse 31st Annual Healthcare Conference', 'Pharming', 'Credit Suisse 31st Annual Healthcare Conference', 'LifeSpring Life Sciences Communication', 'Corporate Communications Manager T', 'Pharming Group N.V.', 'Pharming Group NV Logo', 'Credit Suisse representative', 'Jim Polson T', 'Leon Melens T', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'Sijmen de Vries', 'Chief Medical Officer', 'Rancho Palos Verdes', 'global biopharmaceutical company', 'Victoria Foster Mitchell', 'protein replacement therapies', 'Investor Relations team', 'corporate meetings', 'management team', 'gene therapies', 'Anurag Relan', 'life-threatening diseases', 'innovative portfolio', 'precision medicines', 'small molecules', 'early to', 'late-stage development', 'North America', 'Middle East', 'Heather Robertson', 'FTI Consulting', 'Alex Shaw', 'original content', 'one investor', 'The Netherlands', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'public information', 'LEIDEN', 'PRNewswire', 'PHARM/Nasdaq', 'California', 'CEO', 'CMO', 'email', 'lives', 'patients', 'biologics', 'employees', 'globe', '30 markets', 'Europe', 'Africa', 'Asia-Pacific', 'LinkedIn', 'London', 'UK', 'USA', 'Pharming_Group_NV_Logo', 'news-releases', '31st-annual-healthcare-conference']",2022-11-07,2022-11-08,finance.yahoo.com
12786,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/valneva-present-hold-investor-meetings-164500470.html,Valneva to Present and Hold Investor Meetings at the Jefferies London Healthcare Conference,Saint-Herblain (France)  November 7  2022 – Valneva SE (Nasdaq: VALN; Euronext Paris: VLA)  a specialty vaccine company  today announced that its Chief...,VALNEVASaint-Herblain (France)  November 7  2022 – Valneva SE (Nasdaq: VALN; Euronext Paris: VLA)  a specialty vaccine company  today announced that its Chief Executive Officer Thomas Lingelbach and Chief Financial Officer Peter Bühler will present and participate in 1-on-1 meetings with institutional investors at the Jefferies London Healthcare Conference  to take place November 15-17  2022 in London  England.Additionally  Mr. Lingelbach and Mr. Bühler will participate in a fireside chat on Tuesday  November 15  2022  at 11:30am GMT  to discuss the Company’s late-stage vaccine candidates against chikungunya (VLA1553) and Lyme disease (VLA15)  as well as its commercial products. The webcast will be accessible live via the following link  https://wsw.com/webcast/jeff255/valn/1856007. A replay of the webcast will be available following the live events in the “Investor” section of the Valneva website at www.valneva.com.To request a meeting at the event  please contact your representative at Jefferies.About Valneva SEValneva is a specialty vaccine company focused on the development and commercialization of prophylactic vaccines for infectious diseases with significant unmet medical need. The Company takes a highly specialized and targeted approach to vaccine development and then applies its deep understanding of vaccine science to develop prophylactic vaccines addressing these diseases. Valneva has leveraged its expertise and capabilities both to successfully commercialize three vaccines and to rapidly advance a broad range of vaccine candidates into the clinic  including candidates against Lyme disease and the chikungunya virus.Valneva Investor and Media ContactsLaetitia Bachelot-FontaineVP  Global Communications and European Investor RelationsM +33 (0)6 4516 7099communications@valneva.comJoshua Drumm  Ph.D.VP  Global Investor RelationsM +001 917 815 4520joshua.drumm@valneva.comForward-Looking StatementsThis press release contains certain forward-looking statements relating to the business of Valneva  including with respect to possible regulatory submissions and approval of VLA1553  and timing and plans for clinical programs and product candidates. In addition  even if the actual results or development of Valneva are consistent with the forward-looking statements contained in this press release  those results or developments of Valneva may not be indicative of future results. In some cases  you can identify forward-looking statements by words such as “could ” “should ” “may ” “expects ” “anticipates ” “believes ” “intends ” “estimates ” “aims ” “targets ” or similar words. These forward-looking statements are based on the current expectations of Valneva as of the date of this press release and are subject to a number of known and unknown risks and uncertainties and other factors that may cause actual results  performance or achievements to be materially different from any future results  performance or achievement expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. In particular  the expectations of Valneva could be affected by  among other things  uncertainties involved in the development and manufacture of vaccines  unexpected clinical trial results  unexpected regulatory actions or delays  competition in general  currency fluctuations  the impact of the global and European credit crisis  the ability to obtain or maintain patent or other proprietary intellectual property protection and the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic. In light of these risks and uncertainties  there can be no assurance that the forward-looking statements made in this press release will in fact be realized. Valneva is providing the information in this press release as of the date hereof and disclaims any intention or obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements  whether as a result of new information  future events  or otherwise.Story continuesAttachment,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,negative,0.0,0.0,1.0,True,English,"['Jefferies London Healthcare Conference', 'Investor Meetings', 'Valneva', 'Chief Financial Officer Peter Bühler', 'other proprietary intellectual property protection', 'significant unmet medical need', 'Jefferies London Healthcare Conference', 'unexpected clinical trial results', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'Mr. Bühler', 'unexpected regulatory actions', 'possible regulatory submissions', 'European credit crisis', 'European Investor Relations', 'specialty vaccine company', 'late-stage vaccine candidates', 'Global Investor Relations', 'clinical programs', 'other factors', 'other things', 'Mr. Lingelbach', 'Investor” section', 'vaccine science', 'The Company', 'actual results', 'future results', 'Euronext Paris', 'Thomas Lingelbach', '1-on-1 meetings', 'institutional investors', 'fireside chat', 'Lyme disease', 'commercial products', 'following link', 'live events', 'targeted approach', 'deep understanding', 'broad range', 'Media Contacts', 'Laetitia Bachelot-Fontaine', 'Global Communications', 'Joshua Drumm', 'Ph.D.', 'Forward-Looking Statements', 'press release', 'product candidates', 'currency fluctuations', 'COVID-19 pandemic', 'future events', 'Valneva Investor', 'prophylactic vaccines', 'vaccine development', 'three vaccines', 'infectious diseases', 'chikungunya virus', 'similar words', 'current expectations', 'unknown risks', 'new information', 'Valneva SE', 'Valneva website', 'Saint-Herblain', 'France', 'November', 'VLA', 'place', 'England', 'Tuesday', '11:30am', 'webcast', 'replay', 'representative', 'commercialization', 'specialized', 'expertise', 'capabilities', 'VP', 'business', 'respect', 'approval', 'timing', 'plans', 'addition', 'developments', 'cases', 'expects', 'aims', 'targets', 'number', 'uncertainties', 'performance', 'achievements', 'manufacture', 'delays', 'competition', 'general', 'impact', 'ability', 'patent', 'light', 'assurance', 'intention', 'obligation', 'Story', 'Attachment']",2022-11-07,2022-11-08,finance.yahoo.com
12787,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/hashdex-vinter-launch-first-kind-090000278.html,Hashdex and Vinter Launch First-of-its-kind Crypto ETP,Offers European Investors Access to Unique Index-Based Product LONDON  ZURICH  NEW YORK  RIO DE JANEIRO - 7 November  2022 - Hashdex  a leading global crypto...,Hashdex AGOffers European Investors Access to Unique Index-Based ProductLONDON  ZURICH  NEW YORK  RIO DE JANEIRO - 7 November  2022 - Hashdex   a leading global crypto-focused investing company  today announced it has partnered with Vinter  the crypto index provider  for the launch of the Hashdex Crypto Momentum Factor ETP (exchange-traded product). The first-of-its-kind investment vehicle is designed to enable institutional investors to capitalize on trending crypto assets that are experiencing upward price momentum. The product is the first crypto index ETP based on the momentum factor and is now listed on the SIX Swiss Exchange  and Xetra under ticker symbols “HAMO” and “HDXM”  respectively. The product will also be listed on EuroNext under the ticker symbol “HAMO” on Wednesday  November 9th. Trading for the Hashdex Crypto Momentum Factor ETP will also roll out over the following days  beginning today on the SIX Swiss Exchange and then subsequently on November 8th on Xetra and November 9th on EuroNext. The prospectus  final terms  and other documents related to the product can be found here .“To attract institutional investors  it is necessary to create innovative products”  said Jacob Lindberg  CEO of Vinter. “The Vinter Hashdex Risk Parity Momentum Index is an innovative index - it allocates to the top performing crypto assets  while limiting the risk. Hashdex is one of the largest crypto asset investing companies globally  and we are pleased to partner with them to launch this ETP in the European market.”The new ETP tracks the Vinter Hashdex Risk Parity Momentum Index  co-developed by Hashdex and Vinter  and contains 12 large-cap crypto assets that are eligible on key European exchanges and exhibit relatively higher price momentum. The ETP limits the risk contribution of any single underlying asset and is rebalanced monthly. At launch  and as of the index’s last rebalancing  the four largest constituents accounting for 53% of the portfolio are Tron (17.94%)  XRP (12.28%)  Polygon (12.21%) and Binance Coin (10.63%). This allocation provides unique exposure compared to a market cap index and demonstrates the differentiation of the momentum approach. The top four allocations represent the crypto-assets with the best relative risk adjusted price performance  and the weights are determined in a quantitative and rules-based manner  providing exposure to assets that other more traditional approaches do not offer.Story continuesBruno Sousa  Head of New Markets at Hashdex adds  “There is an increasing appetite from investors to invest in high momentum crypto assets  and we are delighted to be able to offer this within our latest product. Vinter has a highly experienced team with an excellent track record  and provided the on-demand quantitative data we needed to support the creation of this unique product that expands our product offering beyond traditional investment strategies.”The launch of the Hashdex Crypto Momentum Factor ETP and its corresponding Vinter Hashdex Risk Parity Momentum Index builds on Hashdex’s ongoing expansion efforts in both Europe and worldwide. In May 2022  the firm launched its first European product: the Hashdex Nasdaq Crypto Index Europe ETP on the SIX Swiss Exchange  which has seen strong net inflows since its listing despite challenging market conditions. The Hashdex Nasdaq Crypto Index Europe ETP is now tradable on the Euronext Paris and Euronext Amsterdam under the ticker symbols HASH FP and HASH NA  respectively  and on Xetra under the ticker symbol HDX1 GY.Further details about the Vinter Hashdex Risk Parity Momentum Index and corresponding ETP can be found here .About VinterVinter is Europe’s fastest-growing index provider specialised in crypto assets  playing a key role in the emerging crypto ETF industry. The firm collects digital asset data from hundreds of sources  transforming proprietary strategies into investable products. For more information  please visit www.vinter.co.About HashdexHashdex is a global pioneer in crypto investing. Hashdex's simple and secure products invite innovative investors to join the emerging crypto economy. Hashdex's mission is to provide educational resources and best-in-class products that advance its efforts to build pathways to prosperity by opening the crypto ecosystem to the world. In 2021  Hashdex introduced the world's first crypto ETFs and other innovative products  enabling over 260 000 investors to simply and securely add crypto to their portfolios. For more information visit www.hashdex.comPress ContactsVinterBen Heathben@mvpr.ioHashdexEuropeEUPR@hashdex.comSwitzerland German speaking related queries: hashdex@pio-com.deGermany related queries: hashdex@pio-com.deFrance related queries: alban.saintjoigny@backbone.consultingSwitzerland French speaking queries: alban.saintjoigny@backbone.consultingUnited StatesKendal Till/Josh GerthDukas Linden Public RelationsHashdex@DLPR.comJack S. SongHashdexjack.song@hashdex.comDisclaimer:__________________________This marketing communication has been prepared by Hashdex AG  a company organized under the laws of Switzerland and does not constitute  nor form part of  an offer or invitation to subscribe  purchase  sell or otherwise dispose of any financial product issued by Hashdex AG.Financial products issued by Hashdex AG have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the Securities Act) or with any securities regulatory authority of any State or other jurisdiction of the United States and (i) may not be offered  sold or delivered within the United States to  or for the account or benefit of U.S. Persons (as defined in Regulation S (Regulation S) under the Securities Act)  except pursuant to an exemption from  or in a transaction not subject to  the registration requirements of the Securities Act and applicable state securities laws and (ii) may be offered  sold or otherwise delivered at any time only to transferees that are Non-United States Persons (as defined by the U.S. Commodities Futures Trading Commission (CFTC)).The products have been issued under Hashdex AG’s base prospectus dated 13 April 2022  in Switzerland  and under Hashdex AG’s base prospectus dated 12 August 2022  in the European Union (the Base Prospectus). The Base Prospectus and the relevant Final Terms are available via the following hyperlink https://hashdex.com/en-EU/document-center .The approval of the Base Prospectus should not be understood as an endorsement of the products by the competent authority which has approved said prospectus. Potential investors are strongly recommended to read the entire Base Prospectus and the relevant Final Terms  before making an investment decision in order to fully understand the potential risks and rewards associated with the decision to invest in the products. You are about to purchase a product that is not simple and may be difficult to understand.This marketing communication itself does not purport to be full or complete. No reliance should  for any purpose  be placed on this marketing communication. Further  it is subject to change at any time.Symbol Weights TRX 17.94% XRP 12.28% MATIC 12.21% BNB 10.63% BTC 9.82% UNI 6.31% ETH 6.27% DOT 5.73% ATOM 5.29% SOL 4.75% AVAX 4.41% ADA 4.36%,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.74,0.04,0.22,True,English,"['Crypto ETP', 'Hashdex', 'Vinter', 'kind', 'Josh Gerth Dukas Linden Public Relations Hashdex', 'best relative risk adjusted price performance', 'The Vinter Hashdex Risk Parity Momentum Index', 'corresponding Vinter Hashdex Risk Parity Momentum Index', 'The Hashdex Nasdaq Crypto Index Europe ETP', 'leading global crypto-focused investing company', 'largest crypto asset investing companies', 'Hashdex Crypto Momentum Factor ETP', 'first crypto index ETP', 'emerging crypto ETF industry', 'high momentum crypto assets', 'German speaking related queries', 'top performing crypto assets', 'upward price momentum', 'higher price momentum', 'crypto index provider', 'growing index provider', 'market cap index', 'emerging crypto economy', 'first crypto ETFs', 'four largest constituents', 'French speaking queries', 'single underlying asset', 'Germany related queries', 'France related queries', 'trending crypto assets', '12 large-cap crypto assets', 'top four allocations', 'The ETP', 'digital asset data', 'kind investment vehicle', 'SIX Swiss Exchange', 'excellent track record', 'strong net inflows', 'challenging market conditions', 'corresponding ETP', 'key European exchanges', 'traditional investment strategies', 'ongoing expansion efforts', 'Jack S. Song', 'first European product', 'crypto investing', 'European Investors Access', 'Unique Index-Based Product', 'risk contribution', 'innovative index', 'momentum approach', 'other innovative products', 'Hashdex Europe', 'new ETP', 'crypto ecosystem', 'global pioneer', 'European market', 'Hashdex AG', 'traditional approaches', 'key role', 'proprietary strategies', 'investable products', 'secure products', 'class products', 'unique product', 'innovative investors', 'NEW YORK', 'DE JANEIRO', 'ticker symbols', 'following days', 'final terms', 'other documents', 'Jacob Lindberg', 'last rebalancing', 'Binance Coin', 'rules-based manner', 'Bruno Sousa', 'New Markets', 'increasing appetite', 'experienced team', 'quantitative data', 'HASH FP', 'HASH NA', 'HDX1 GY', 'Further details', 'educational resources', 'Press Contacts', 'Ben Heath', 'United States', 'Kendal Till', 'marketing communication', 'unique exposure', 'institutional investors', 'exchange-traded product', 'latest product', 'Euronext Paris', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'Vinter.', '260,000 investors', 'LONDON', 'ZURICH', '7 November', 'launch', 'Xetra', 'HAMO', 'HDXM', 'Wednesday', 'Trading', 'prospectus', 'CEO', 'portfolio', 'XRP', 'Polygon', 'differentiation', 'crypto-assets', 'weights', 'Story', 'Head', 'demand', 'creation', 'worldwide', 'May', 'firm', 'listing', 'hundreds', 'information', 'simple', 'mission', 'pathways', 'prosperity', 'Switzerland', 'alban', 'saintjoigny', 'backbone', 'DLPR', 'Disclaimer']",2022-11-07,2022-11-08,finance.yahoo.com
12788,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/exor-n-v-periodic-report-071000277.html,Exor N.V.: Periodic Report on the Buyback Program,EXOR N.V. (AMS: EXO) (“Exor” or the “Company”) announces that  under the second tranche of the share buyback program of up to €250 million announced on 29...,EXOR N.V. (AMS: EXO) (“Exor” or the “Company”) announces that  under the second tranche of the share buyback program of up to €250 million announced on 29 July 2022 (the “second tranche”)  the Company has completed the following transactions on Euronext Amsterdam:Trading Date Number of ordinary shares purchased Average price per share excluding fees (€) Total consideration excluding fees (€) 31 October 2022 32 262 67.8518 2 189 034.77 1 November 2022 17 425 68.5076 1 193 744.93 2 November 2022 27 223 68.0926 1 853 684.85 3 November 2022 31 500 67.3621 2 121 906.15 4 November 2022 31 500 68.6008 2 160 925.20 TOTAL 139 910 9 519 295.90After these purchases  the total invested amount under the second tranche is approximately €99.8 million for a total amount of 1 533 756 ordinary shares purchased.As of 4 November 2022  the Company held in total 12 330 937 ordinary shares in treasury (5.12% of total ordinary issued share capital).A comprehensive overview of the transactions carried out under the share buyback program  as well as the details of the above transactions  are available on Exor’s corporate website under the Share Buyback section.Attachment,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,True,English,"['Exor N.V.', 'Periodic Report', 'Buyback Program', 'total ordinary issued share capital', 'share buyback program', 'Share Buyback section', 'EXOR N.V.', 'ordinary shares', 'second tranche', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'Trading Date', 'Average price', 'Total consideration', 'comprehensive overview', 'corporate website', 'total amount', 'following transactions', 'Company', '29 July', 'Number', 'fees', '31 October', '1 November', 'purchases', '4 November', 'treasury', 'details', 'Attachment']",2022-11-07,2022-11-08,finance.yahoo.com
12789,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20221107005778/en/Poxel-Announces-Upcoming-Participation-at-the-Jefferies-London-Healthcare-Conference,Poxel Announces Upcoming Participation at the Jefferies London Healthcare Conference,LYON  France--(BUSINESS WIRE)--POXEL SA (Euronext: POXEL – FR0012432516)  a clinical stage biopharmaceutical company developing innovative treatments for chronic serious diseases with metabolic pathophysiology  including non-alcoholic steatohepatitis (NASH) a…,LYON  France--(BUSINESS WIRE)--POXEL SA (Euronext: POXEL – FR0012432516)  a clinical stage biopharmaceutical company developing innovative treatments for chronic serious diseases with metabolic pathophysiology  including non-alcoholic steatohepatitis (NASH) and rare metabolic disorders  today announced its participation at the Jefferies London Healthcare Conference  to be held in London from Tuesday  November 15 to Thursday  November 17  2022.Members of the Poxel management team will be available for one-on-one meetings with investors.About Poxel SAPoxel is a clinical stage biopharmaceutical company developing innovative treatments for chronic serious diseases with metabolic pathophysiology  including non-alcoholic steatohepatitis (NASH) and rare disorders. For the treatment of NASH  PXL065 (deuterium-stabilized R-pioglitazone) met its primary endpoint in a streamlined Phase 2 trial (DESTINY-1). In rare diseases  development of PXL770  a first-in-class direct adenosine monophosphate-activated protein kinase (AMPK) activator  is focused on the treatment of adrenoleukodystrophy (ALD) and autosomal dominant polycystic kidney disease (ADPKD). TWYMEEG® (Imeglimin)  Poxel’s first-in-class product that targets mitochondrial dysfunction  is now marketed for the treatment of type 2 diabetes in Japan by Sumitomo Pharma and Poxel expects to receive royalties and sales-based payments. Poxel has a strategic partnership with Sumitomo Pharma for Imeglimin in Japan  China  and eleven other Asian countries. Listed on Euronext Paris  Poxel is headquartered in Lyon  France  and has subsidiaries in Boston  MA  and Tokyo  Japan.For more information  please visit: www.poxelpharma.comAll statements other than statements of historical fact included in this press release about future events are subject to (i) change without notice and (ii) factors beyond the Company’s control. These statements may include  without limitation  any statements preceded by  followed by or including words such as “target ” “believe ” “expect ” “aim ” “intend ” “may ” “anticipate ” “estimate ” “plan ” “project ” “will ” “can have ” “likely ” “should ” “would ” “could” and other words and terms of similar meaning or the negative thereof. Forward-looking statements are subject to inherent risks and uncertainties beyond the Company’s control that could cause the Company’s actual results or performance to be materially different from the expected results or performance expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. The Company does not endorse or is not otherwise responsible for the content of external hyperlinks referred to in this press release.,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,negative,0.0,0.18,0.82,True,English,"['Jefferies London Healthcare Conference', 'Upcoming Participation', 'Poxel', 'direct adenosine monophosphate-activated protein kinase', 'autosomal dominant polycystic kidney disease', 'eleven other Asian countries', 'Jefferies London Healthcare Conference', 'clinical stage biopharmaceutical company', 'chronic serious diseases', 'Poxel management team', 'rare metabolic disorders', 'rare diseases', 'rare disorders', 'other words', 'metabolic pathophysiology', 'The Company', 'BUSINESS WIRE', 'innovative treatments', 'non-alcoholic steatohepatitis', 'one meetings', 'deuterium-stabilized R-pioglitazone', 'primary endpoint', 'Phase 2 trial', 'AMPK) activator', 'mitochondrial dysfunction', 'type 2 diabetes', 'Sumitomo Pharma', 'sales-based payments', 'strategic partnership', 'historical fact', 'press release', 'future events', 'similar meaning', 'inherent risks', 'actual results', 'expected results', 'external hyperlinks', 'class product', 'Euronext Paris', 'POXEL SA', 'Forward-looking statements', 'LYON', 'NASH', 'participation', 'Tuesday', 'November', 'Thursday', 'Members', 'investors', 'PXL065', 'streamlined', 'development', 'PXL770', 'adrenoleukodystrophy', 'ALD', 'ADPKD', 'TWYMEEG®', 'Imeglimin', 'Japan', 'royalties', 'China', 'France', 'subsidiaries', 'Boston', 'Tokyo', 'information', 'poxelpharma', 'change', 'notice', 'factors', 'control', 'limitation', 'target', 'believe', 'aim', 'plan', 'project', 'terms', 'uncertainties', 'performance', 'content']",2022-11-07,2022-11-08,businesswire.com
12790,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20221107005319/en/MaaT-Pharma-Announces-Participation-in-Scientific-and-Investor-Conferences-in-November,MaaT Pharma Announces Participation in Scientific and Investor Conferences in November,LYON  France--(BUSINESS WIRE)---- $MAAT--Regulatory News: MaaT Pharma (EURONEXT: MAAT – the “Company”)  a French clinical-stage biotech and a pioneer in the development of Microbiome Ecosystem TherapiesTM (MET) dedicated to improving survival outcomes for pat…,LYON  France--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Regulatory News:MaaT Pharma (EURONEXT: MAAT – the “Company”)  a French clinical-stage biotech and a pioneer in the development of Microbiome Ecosystem TherapiesTM (MET) dedicated to improving survival outcomes for patients with cancer  today announced the company’s scientific and management team’s participation in several scientific and investor conferences in November.Details of the events are as follows:Scientific conferencesNovember 8-10  2022 – 9th International Human Microbiome Consortium (IHMC) Congress: Hervé Affagard  CEO and cofounder of MaaT Pharma  and Dr. Aurore Duquenoy  R&D specialist at MaaT Pharma will present three scientific posters at the conference in Kobe  Japan. Link to the Congress here.November 9-11  2022 – 21st Société Francophone de Greffe de Moelle et de Thérapie Cellulaire (SFGM-TC) Congress - Booth #10: Dr. Emilie Plantamura  Head of Clinical Development at MaaT Pharma and Claire de Condé  Head of Clinical Operations at MaaT Pharma  will attend the congress in Bordeaux  France and will be available for discussions at MaaT Pharma’s booth #10. Link to the event here.Investor conferencesNovember 14  2022 – 7 th annual conference Inve€$tival Showcase – LSX Leaders in partnership with Jefferies: Siân Crouzet  Chief Financial Officer of MaaT Pharma and Dr. Carole Schwintner  Chief Technology Officer of MaaT Pharma will attend the investor event in London  United Kingdom. More information available here.Siân Crouzet  Chief Financial Officer of MaaT Pharma and Dr. Carole Schwintner  Chief Technology Officer of MaaT Pharma will attend the investor event in London  United Kingdom. More information available here. November 29  2022 – Investir Day: Siân Crouzet  Chief Financial Officer of MaaT Pharma and Dr. Savita Bernal  Chief Business Officer of MaaT Pharma will attend the investor event in Paris  France. More information available here.About MaaT PharmaMaaT Pharma  a clinical stage biotechnology company  has established a complete approach to restoring patient-microbiome symbiosis in oncology. Committed to treating cancer and graft-versus-host disease (GvHD)  a serious complication of allogeneic stem cell transplantation  MaaT Pharma launched in March 2022 in Europe  a Phase 3 clinical trial for patients with acute GvHD  following the achievement of its proof of concept in a Phase 2 trial. Its powerful discovery and analysis platform  gutPrint®  supports the development and expansion of its pipeline by determining novel disease targets  evaluating drug candidates  and identifying biomarkers for microbiome-related conditions. The company’s Microbiome Ecosystem Therapies are produced through a standardized cGMP manufacturing and quality control process to safely deliver the full diversity of the microbiome  in liquid and oral formulations. MaaT Pharma benefits from the commitment of world-leading scientists and established relationships with regulators to support the integration of the use of microbiome therapies in clinical practice.MaaT Pharma is the first company developing microbiome-based therapies listed on Euronext Paris (ticker: MAAT).,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.02,0.96,0.02,True,English,"['MaaT Pharma', 'Investor Conferences', 'Participation', 'Scientific', 'November', '21st Société Francophone de', '9th International Human Microbiome Consortium', 'allogeneic stem cell transplantation', 'clinical stage biotechnology company', 'Greffe de Moelle', 'Claire de Condé', 'French clinical-stage biotech', 'Dr. Aurore Duquenoy', 'R&D specialist', 'Thérapie Cellulaire', 'Dr. Emilie Plantamura', 'Inve€$tival Showcase', 'Siân Crouzet', 'Chief Financial Officer', 'Dr. Carole Schwintner', 'Chief Technology Officer', 'Dr. Savita Bernal', 'standardized cGMP manufacturing', 'quality control process', 'Microbiome Ecosystem TherapiesTM', 'Chief Business Officer', 'novel disease targets', 'three scientific posters', '7 th annual conference', 'Phase 3 clinical trial', 'microbiome therapies', 'Phase 2 trial', 'Clinical Operations', 'clinical practice', 'BUSINESS WIRE', 'host disease', 'microbiome-based therapies', 'Regulatory News', 'survival outcomes', 'management team', 'several scientific', 'investor conferences', 'Scientific conferences', 'Hervé Affagard', 'LSX Leaders', 'United Kingdom', 'More information', 'Investir Day', 'complete approach', 'patient-microbiome symbiosis', 'serious complication', 'powerful discovery', 'analysis platform', 'drug candidates', 'microbiome-related conditions', 'full diversity', 'oral formulations', 'world-leading scientists', 'Clinical Development', 'MaaT Pharma', 'first company', 'investor event', 'acute GvHD', 'SFGM-TC) Congress', 'Euronext Paris', 'LYON', 'France', 'pioneer', 'MET', 'patients', 'cancer', 'participation', 'November', 'Details', 'events', 'IHMC', 'CEO', 'cofounder', 'Kobe', 'Japan', 'Link', 'Booth', 'Head', 'Bordeaux', 'discussions', 'partnership', 'Jefferies', 'London', 'oncology', 'graft', 'March', 'Europe', 'achievement', 'proof', 'concept', 'gutPrint®', 'expansion', 'pipeline', 'biomarkers', 'liquid', 'commitment', 'relationships', 'regulators', 'integration', 'use']",2022-11-07,2022-11-08,businesswire.com
12791,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20221107005985/en/Poxel-Presents-DESTINY-1-Phase-2-Results-for-PXL065-in-NASH-at-AASLD-The-Liver-Meeting%C2%AE-2022,Poxel Presents DESTINY-1 Phase 2 Results for PXL065 in NASH at AASLD The Liver Meeting® 2022,LYON  France--(BUSINESS WIRE)--POXEL SA (Euronext: POXEL - FR0012432516)  a clinical stage biopharmaceutical company developing innovative treatments for chronic serious diseases with metabolic pathophysiology  including non-alcoholic steatohepatitis (NASH) a…,LYON  France--(BUSINESS WIRE)--POXEL SA (Euronext: POXEL - FR0012432516)  a clinical stage biopharmaceutical company developing innovative treatments for chronic serious diseases with metabolic pathophysiology  including non-alcoholic steatohepatitis (NASH) and rare metabolic disorders  today announced that the results from its Phase 2 study of PXL065 in NASH (DESTINY-1) were presented during the late-breaking session at The Liver Meeting® 2022  hosted by the American Association for the Study of Liver Diseases (AASLD)  being held in Washington  D.C. PXL065 is a novel  proprietary deuterium-stabilizedR-pioglitazone and one of the most advanced therapies in development in NASH  for which there is no approved treatment.Stephen Harrison  MD  President  Summit Clinical Research  and principal investigator of this study  presented the results in the oral presentation titled  “PXL065 (Deuterium-Stabilized R-enantiomer of pioglitazone) Reduces Liver Fat Content and Improves Liver Histology without PPARγ-mediated Side Effects in Patients with NASH: Analysis of a 36 Week Placebo-Controlled Phase 2 Trial (DESTINY-1).”Dr. Harrison noted: “PXL065 lacks in vitro PPARγ activity whereas deuterium-stabilized (S)-pioglitazone accounts for all of the PPARγ agonism of racemic pioglitazone. Based on the established efficacy of pioglitazone in NASH and these findings with PXL065  we sought to test the hypothesis that a TZD which retains non-genomic mechanisms and reduced net in vivo PPARγ burden could be an effective and safe approach to the treatment of NASH. The DESTINY-1 efficacy results are aligned with prior studies showing similar benefits with pioglitazone. Importantly  PXL065 appears to have a clear PPARγ-sparing profile with respect to characteristic adverse effects of pioglitazone. From DESTINY-1 we conclude that PXL065 is a differentiated and novel oral agent with a new chemical structure  distinct molecular pharmacology  a unique PK profile  reduced potential for PPARγ-driven adverse events and a very encouraging efficacy profile in patients with noncirrhotic NASH. Confirmation of histologic benefits by testing in a pivotal clinical trial is warranted.”Summary of Phase 2 NASH (DESTINY-1) PXL065 Study ResultsDESTINY-1 was a Phase 2  36-week  randomized  dose-ranging  double-blind  placebo-controlled  parallel group study designed to assess the efficacy and safety of PXL065 in patients with noncirrhotic biopsy-proven NASH across multiple clinical sites in the US. The primary endpoint of the study measured the relative change in the percentage of liver fat content based on magnetic resonance imaging-estimated proton density fat fraction (MRI-PDFF). The study also assessed the effects of PXL065 on liver histology and other metabolic and non-metabolic biomarkers.117 subjects were randomized to one of 4 daily (QD) treatment arms (7.5 mg  15 mg  22.5 mg  placebo). Analysis of histologic changes was based on paired liver biopsies in PXL065 vs. placebo-treated NASH patients before and after the 36-week treatment period.Results presented today are as follows:Changes in Liver Fat and Key Markers of Fibrosis and Liver InjuryThe primary efficacy endpoint was achieved: a statistically significant (p=0.024 to p=0.008) mean relative decrease vs. placebo of 21% to 25% in liver fat content from baseline to 36 weeks was observed at all PXL065 doses. 40% of patients who received PXL065 at the 22.5 mg dose achieved a >30% relative reduction in liver fat content.Trend in least-square mean ALT decreases up to 18.4 IU/L vs. baseline. Subjects experiencing a decrease in ALT by more than -17U/L were numerically higher in the PXL065 groups (38% to 54%) versus placebo (26%).Statistically significant dose-dependent decreases in PIIINP (fibrogenesis biomarker  p=0.02 at 22.5 mg) and the NAFLD Fibrosis Score (p=0.04 at 22.5 mg) along with favorable trends for dose-dependent improvements in other markers of fibrogenesis/fibrosis risk (ProC3  ELF  Fib4) were observed.Biopsy EndpointsFibrosis improvement by > 1 stage without worsening of NASH  an endpoint recognized by FDA for approval  occurred in 31-50% patients in the PXL065 study arms vs. 17% with placebo. Across all PXL065 treatment arms (pooled data)  39% of patients had fibrosis improvement by ≥1 stage without worsening NASH vs. 17% with placebo.1 stage without worsening of NASH  an endpoint recognized by FDA for approval  occurred in 31-50% patients in the PXL065 study arms vs. 17% with placebo. Across all PXL065 treatment arms (pooled data)  39% of patients had fibrosis improvement by ≥1 stage without worsening NASH vs. 17% with placebo. Worsening of fibrosis by > 1 stage was observed in 9-12% of patients in PXL065 arms vs. 26% with placebo.1 stage was observed in 9-12% of patients in PXL065 arms vs. 26% with placebo. A > 2 point improvement in the NAFLD Activity Score (NAS) with no worsening of fibrosis was observed in 50% of PXL065 treated patients at the 15 and 22.5 mg dose levels vs. 30% with placebo.2 point improvement in the NAFLD Activity Score (NAS) with no worsening of fibrosis was observed in 50% of PXL065 treated patients at the 15 and 22.5 mg dose levels vs. 30% with placebo. Across all PXL065 treatment arms (pooled data)  26% of patients achieved NASH resolution with ≥1 stage fibrosis improvement vs. 13% with placebo.Metabolic ParametersA dose-dependent decrease in HbA1c (up to 0.41 % placebo-adjusted; p=0.003 at 22.5 mg) was observed; in patients with co-existing Type 2 diabetes  the placebo-adjusted change was up to -0.56%. Given baseline HbA1c values indicating good glucose control on existing Type 2 diabetes treatments (6.1-6.3% overall; 6.6-7.4% in T2D)  these effects are potentially clinically meaningful.Modest plasma adiponectin level increase (p<0.0001 vs. placebo at 22.5 mg); consistent with limited degree of PPARg activation and observed safety profile with reduced potential for weight gain or peripheral edema.Improvements in insulin levels and insulin sensitivity indices (HOMA-IR  Adipo-IR  QUICKI) were also observed.Safety & TolerabilityThere was no dose-dependent increase in body weight: a minimal least-square mean increase of 0.68 kg was observed at the top dose of 22.5 mg vs. placebo.Low incidence of edema without observed treatment or dose relation when compared to placebo.With respect to other safety measures  PXL065 was observed to be generally safe and well tolerated; the number of patients presenting with treatment-emergent serious adverse events (TESAEs) were similar among all groups including placebo without dose effect. None were treatment related.PharmacokineticsAs predicted  pharmacokinetic measurements showed dose-proportional drug levels with the desired degree of higher exposure to the pioglitazone R-stereoisomer and reduced exposure to the (PPARg active) S-stereoisomer.About PXL065PXL065 is a novel  proprietary deuterium-stabilized R-pioglitazone. Although pioglitazone is not approved by the FDA for the treatment of NASH  it is the most extensively studied drug for NASH; in multiple prior trials  improvements in liver histology  including reductions in fibrosis  were demonstrated1 2. Pioglitazone is the only drug recommended for biopsy-proven NASH patients by the Practice Guidelines published by the American Association for the Study of Liver Diseases (AASLD) and the European Association for the Study of the Liver (EASL)3. Pioglitazone’s off-label use for NASH  however  has been limited due to the PPARγ-related side effects  which include weight gain  bone fractures and fluid retention.Pioglitazone is a 1:1 mixture of two mirror-image compounds (R- and S-stereoisomers) that interconvert in vivo. Using deuterium  Poxel stabilized each stereoisomer and characterized their different pharmacological properties. In in vitro studies  PXL065 has been shown to target non-genomic pathways including mitochondrial pyruvate carrier (MPC) and acyl-CoA synthetase 4 (ACSL4). In preclinical animal models  PXL065 exhibits the NASH efficacy associated with pioglitazone with no significant weight gain or fluid retention  side effects which are associated with the S-stereoisomer4. NASH Phase 2 (DESTINY 1 trial) results available to-date show statistically significant effects of PXL065 on liver fat content  biomarkers related to liver fibrogenesis-fibrosis risk  as well as positive effects on fibrosis and other key parameters based on histology analysis. Relative to published data for pioglitazone  reduced potential for weight gain and edema was also evident. Based upon preclinical  Phase 1 and Phase 2 results  Poxel believes that PXL065 may have a better therapeutic profile than pioglitazone for NASH and may also have suitable properties for further development in other indications including adrenoleukodystrophy (ALD).About NASHNon-alcoholic steatohepatitis (NASH) is a metabolic disease with no clear disease origin that is quickly becoming a worldwide epidemic. It is characterized by the accumulation of fat in the liver causing inflammation and fibrosis. The disease can be silent for a long period of time  but once it accelerates  severe damage and liver cirrhosis can occur  which can significantly impact liver function or can even result in liver failure or liver cancer. Typical risk factors for NASH include obesity  elevated levels of blood lipids (such as cholesterol and triglycerides) and type 2 diabetes. Currently no curative or specific therapies are available.About Poxel SAPoxel is a clinical stage biopharmaceutical company developing innovative treatments for chronic serious diseases with metabolic pathophysiology  including non-alcoholic steatohepatitis (NASH) and rare disorders. For the treatment of NASH  PXL065 (deuterium-stabilized R-pioglitazone) met its primary endpoint in a streamlined Phase 2 trial (DESTINY-1). In rare diseases  development of PXL770  a first-in-class direct adenosine monophosphate-activated protein kinase (AMPK) activator  is focused on the treatment of adrenoleukodystrophy (ALD) and autosomal dominant polycystic kidney disease (ADPKD). TWYMEEG® (Imeglimin)  Poxel’s first-in-class product that targets mitochondrial dysfunction  is now marketed for the treatment of type 2 diabetes in Japan by Sumitomo Pharma and Poxel expects to receive royalties and sales-based payments. Poxel has a strategic partnership with Sumitomo Pharma for Imeglimin in Japan  China  and eleven other Asian countries. Listed on Euronext Paris  Poxel is headquartered in Lyon  France  and has subsidiaries in Boston  MA  and Tokyo  Japan.For more information  please visit: www.poxelpharma.comAll statements other than statements of historical fact included in this press release about future events are subject to (i) change without notice and (ii) factors beyond the Company’s control. These statements may include  without limitation  any statements preceded by  followed by or including words such as “target ” “believe ” “expect ” “aim ” “intend ” “may ” “anticipate ” “estimate ” “plan ” “project ” “will ” “can have ” “likely ” “should ” “would ” “could” and other words and terms of similar meaning or the negative thereof. Forward-looking statements are subject to inherent risks and uncertainties beyond the Company’s control that could cause the Company’s actual results or performance to be materially different from the expected results or performance expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. The Company does not endorse or is not otherwise responsible for the content of external hyperlinks referred to in this press release.1 Cusi  et al.  Ann Intern Med. 2016  165(5)  305-315.2 Musso et al. Hepatology 2017; 65: 1058-1061.3 J Hepatol. 2016  64:1388-402; Hepatology 2018  67: 328-357.4 Jacques et al. Hepatol Comm 2021; 5:1412-1425.,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.26,0.22,0.52,True,English,"['DESTINY-1 Phase 2 Results', 'The Liver Meeting', 'Poxel', 'PXL065', 'NASH', 'AASLD', 'Phase 2, 36-week, randomized, dose-ranging, double-blind, placebo-controlled, parallel group study', 'magnetic resonance imaging-estimated proton density fat fraction', '36 Week Placebo-Controlled Phase 2 Trial', 'PPARγ-driven adverse events', 'clear PPARγ-sparing profile', 'PPARγ-mediated Side Effects', '4 daily (QD) treatment arms', 'clinical stage biopharmaceutical company', '36-week treatment period', 'The DESTINY-1 efficacy results', 'pivotal clinical trial', 'unique PK profile', 'Summit Clinical Research', 'multiple clinical sites', 'vitro PPARγ activity', 'characteristic adverse effects', 'new chemical structure', 'distinct molecular pharmacology', 'NAFLD Activity Score', 'The Liver Meeting', 'Liver Fat Content', 'encouraging efficacy profile', 'novel, proprietary deuterium-stabilized', 'deuterium-stabilized (S)-pioglitazone', 'chronic serious diseases', 'novel oral agent', 'significant dose-dependent decreases', 'rare metabolic disorders', 'square mean ALT', 'D.C. PXL065', 'NAFLD Fibrosis Score', 'PXL065 study arms', 'PXL065 treatment arms', '22.5 mg dose levels', 'noncirrhotic biopsy-proven NASH', 'Phase 2 study', 'primary efficacy endpoint', '1) PXL065 Study Results', 'placebo-treated NASH patients', 'Phase 2 NASH', 'PPARγ agonism', 'PPARγ burden', 'Liver Diseases', 'PXL065 arms', 'Deuterium-Stabilized R-enantiomer', 'oral presentation', 'dose-dependent improvements', 'Liver Histology', 'liver biopsies', 'Liver Injury', 'metabolic pathophysiology', 'other metabolic', 'primary endpoint', 'BUSINESS WIRE', 'innovative treatments', 'non-alcoholic steatohepatitis', 'late-breaking session', 'American Association', 'advanced therapies', 'Stephen Harrison', 'principal investigator', 'Dr. Harrison', 'non-genomic mechanisms', 'safe approach', 'prior studies', 'similar benefits', 'histologic benefits', 'relative change', 'Key Markers', '>30% relative reduction', 'fibrogenesis biomarker', 'favorable trends', 'other markers', 'fibrogenesis/fibrosis risk', 'Biopsy Endpoints', '> 2 point improvement', 'noncirrhotic NASH', 'PXL065 doses', 'PXL065 groups', 'Fibrosis improvement', 'POXEL SA', 'histologic changes', 'relative decrease', '31-50% patients', 'racemic pioglitazone', 'worsening o', '15 mg', '1 stage', 'LYON', 'Euronext', 'AASLD', 'Washington', 'R-pioglitazone', 'development', 'MD', 'President', 'Analysis', 'findings', 'hypothesis', 'TZD', 'vivo', 'effective', 'respect', 'differentiated', 'reduced', 'potential', 'Confirmation', 'Summary', 'safety', 'percentage', 'MRI-PDFF', '117 subjects', 'baseline', '36 weeks', '4 IU', '17U', 'PIIINP', 'ProC', 'ELF', 'FDA', 'approval', 'data']",2022-11-07,2022-11-08,businesswire.com
12792,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20221106005032/en/Transgene-Reports-Business-Update-And-Q3-2022-Financial-Position,Transgene Reports Business Update And Q3 2022 Financial Position,STRASBOURG  France--(BUSINESS WIRE)-- #HBV--Regulatory News: Transgene (Euronext Paris: TNG) (Paris:TNG)  a biotech company that designs and develops virus-based immunotherapies for the treatment of cancer  today announces its business update and its financia…,STRASBOURG  France--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Regulatory News:Transgene (Euronext Paris: TNG) (Paris:TNG)  a biotech company that designs and develops virus-based immunotherapies for the treatment of cancer  today announces its business update and its financial position for the quarter ending September 30  2022.Positive result from interim analysis of Phase II trial evaluating TG4001 + avelumab vs avelumab in HPV-positive anogenital cancersOn November 2  2022  Transgene announced that following a prespecified interim analysis of its randomized  controlled Phase II clinical study comparing TG4001 in combination with avelumab to avelumab alone in patients with HPV16-positive anogenital tumors (NCT: 03260023)  the Independent Data Monitoring Committee (IDMC) has recommended the study continues.Based on progression-free survival (PFS) and positive efficacy signals observed in the interim analysis  the trial is now expected to enroll a total of 120 patients compared to the initial forecast of 150 patients. Transgene anticipates the last patient to be randomized in the trial in H1 2024. Final results will be communicated subsequently when they are available.Final positive results from this trial would allow Transgene to launch a registration trial to further confirm the benefit of its therapeutic vaccine. TG4001 aims at bringing a new solution to patients who currently have very limited treatment options.The positive interim analysis result highlights the potential of Transgene’s platform of therapeutic vaccines based on the MVA viral vector. Alongside TG4001  Transgene is also developing TG4050  an individualized  MVA-based therapeutic vaccine. TG4050 is currently being evaluated in two Phase I trials and has also delivered initial positive data  including in a randomized trial (see below).Key events of the third quarter 2022 and expected news flowDuring an R&D day  held on September 27  2022  Transgene’s management team  leading clinicians and scientists from around the world  provided insights on TG4001  TG4050 and the progress of the Invir.IO™ platform.TG4001: New positive clinical data from previous trial in HPV16+ cancer patientsIn a previous single-arm Phase Ib/II  Transgene generated strong clinical data in advanced HPV16-positive cancer patients who received TG4001 + avelumab. The Company also identified a patient population that derived increased benefit from the treatment: metastatic patients with lesions located in organs other than the liver.In these patients  an overall response rate (ORR) of 32%  a median PFS of 5.6 months and a median overall survival (OS) of 13.3 months were achieved in this earlier trial. These results compare favorably with checkpoint inhibitors administered alone.The treatment induced HPV16-specific T-cell responses and was associated with increased levels of immune cell infiltration in the tumors and expression of genes associated with activation of the immune system.The current randomized  controlled Phase II trial was launched based on these very encouraging data.TG4050: New updates from the two ongoing Phase I trials confirm the strong potential of this individualized cancer vaccineIn the head and neck cancer trial  20 of the 30 planned patients have been randomized at the end of August 2022. All 10 evaluable patients who immediately received vaccination with TG4050 (arm A) remain stable and in complete response at the cutoff date. Out of the 10 patients of the control arm  who are monitored and did not receive the vaccine (arm B)  3 have experienced relapse.In the ovarian cancer trial (n=5)  one patient treated after an elevation of CA-125 experienced a normalization of CA-125 without clinical progression for nine months until death from an unrelated chronic illness. Another patient was treated upon onset of radiological evidence of relapse and remained stable for 11.4 months.To date  the vaccine has been well tolerated and no related Serious Adverse Events have been reported across the two studies.In the two clinical studies  enrollment has been completed. Enrolled patients are being randomized or treated in line with study protocols. Overall  Transgene plans to treat 13 patients in the ovarian cancer trial and 30 patients in the head and neck cancer trial.Transgene plans to communicate an update on these potentially landscape changing trials at a scientific conference in the first half of 2023.Significant progress on oncolytic viruses  including data demonstrating the potential of the Invir.IO™ platform oncolytic viruses to be administered intravenouslyTransgene presented a poster on TG6002 at the ESMO congress (September 11  2022). The Company discussed positive confirmatory data from the Phase I trial evaluating TG6002 administered intravenously (IV) in combination with oral 5-FC in patients with advanced gastrointestinal carcinomas. These updated data generated on 37 patients treated at the highest dose levels of the Phase I demonstrated that the therapy is well tolerated and confirmed the mechanism of action of TG6002 administered IV.These findings support the potential of IV administration of Invir.IO™-based oncolytic viruses  extending the use of these therapies to a broad range of solid tumors. Additional data will be produced from the Phase I program and will be presented at a scientific congress in the first half of 2023.In June 2022  Transgene and BioInvent released positive progress and safety data in the ongoing Phase I/IIa trial evaluating BT-001 in patients with solid tumors. The initial data generated in the Phase I part A demonstrated that BT-001 alone is well tolerated  with first signs of anti-tumor activity in a hard-to-treat population and confirmed the mechanism of action of BT-001 as a single agent. A clinical collaboration and supply agreement for KEYTRUDA® (pembrolizumab) was signed with MSD (Merck & Co) at the end of June 2022. The Phase Ib part of the clinical trial (combination with pembrolizumab) is expected to start in the first half of 2023.At the R&D day  Transgene introduced a novel oncolytic virus vectorizing human IL-12 that has been designed to be administered intravenously. This Invir.IO™ candidate is expected to enter clinical development in 2023.AstraZeneca will present a poster at SITC 2022 (November 8–12  2022)  on a construct that was designed within the frame of its collaboration with Transgene. The preclinical data that will be presented highlight oncolysis and tumor-specific immunity induced by the oncolytic virus.Summary of key ongoing clinical trialsTG4001 + avelumabPhase II NCT03260023 Targets: HPV16 E6 and E7 oncoproteins Recurrent/metastatic anogenital HPV16-positive — 1st (patients ineligible for chemotherapy) and 2nd lines ✓ Randomized Phase II trial comparing the combination of TG4001 with avelumab versus avelumab alone ✓ Active patient enrollment in Europe (France and Spain) and in the USA ✓ Positive result of interim analysis  allowing trial to continue. Total number of patients to be randomized reduced from 150 to 120 ➲ Last patient expected to be randomized in H1 2024myvac® TG4050 Phase I NCT03839524 Targets: tumor neoantigens ✓ Codeveloped with NEC ✓ Positive initial data demonstrating the immunogenicity of the vaccine as well as first signs of clinical activity ➲ Additional data on the 2 trials expected in H1 2023 Ovarian cancer — after surgery and first-line chemotherapy ✓ Trial ongoing in the USA and in France ✓ Patient enrollment completed TG4050 Phase I NCT04183166 HPV-negative head and neck cancer — after surgery and adjuvant therapy ✓ Trial ongoing in the UK and in France ✓ Patient enrollment completedTG6002 Phase I/IIa NCT03724071 Payload: FCU1 for the local production of a 5-FU chemotherapy ➲ Additional data to be presented in H1 2023 Advanced gastro-intestinal cancer (colorectal cancer for Phase II) — Intravenous (IV) administration ✓ Multicenter trial ongoing in France  Belgium and Spain ✓ Data confirming the potential of the IV administration presented at ESMO 2022 (Sept. 2022) ✓ Patient enrollment completed in Phase I part TG6002 Phase I/IIa NCT04194034 Colorectal cancer with liver metastasis — Intrahepatic artery (IHA) administration ✓ Multicenter trial ongoing in the UK and in France ✓ Patient enrollment completed in Phase I partInvir.IO™ BT-001 Phase I/IIa NCT04725331 Payload: anti-CTLA4 antibody and GM-CSF cytokine Solid tumors ✓ Co-development with BioInvent ✓ Collaboration agreement with MSD  supplying pembrolizumab for the trial ✓ Trial ongoing in France  Belgium and approved in the USA ✓ Initial data showing safety and first signs of clinical activity ➲ Start of part B of the Phase I trial in H1 2023Operating incomeQ3 First Nine Months In millions of euros 2022 2021 2022 2021 Revenue from collaborative and licensing agreements 0.7 0.2 3.0 1.6 Government financing for research expenditures 1.5 1.4 5.2 4.9 Other income 0.1 0.2 0.2 0.3 Operating income 2.3 1.8 8.4 6.8During the first nine months of 2022  operating income amounted to €8.4 million compared to €6.8 million in the same period in 2021.Revenue from collaborative and licensing agreements amounted to €3 million in the first nine months of 2022  compared with €1.6 million in the same period in 2021. These revenues are mainly derived from Transgene’s collaboration agreement with AstraZeneca on the Invir.IO™ program  whose recognized income represents €3 million as of September 30  2022. Of this amount  €0.5 million reflects recognition of the initial payment for work done during the period and €2.5 million in respect of the supply of candidates and the performance of R&D services.During the first nine months of 2022  government financing for research expenditures  mainly in the form of a research tax credit  amounted to €5.2 million  compared to €4.9 million for the same period in 2021.Cash  cash equivalents and other financial assetsCash  cash equivalents and other financial assets stood at €36.3 million as of September 30  2022  compared to €49.6 million as of December 31  2021. In the first nine months of 2022  Transgene’s cash burn amounted to €13.3 million (including the receipt of an $8 million payment for the first license option exercised by AstraZeneca end of 2021) compared to a cash burn of €18.7 million for the same period in 2021 (excluding capital increase).Transgene has financial visibility until the end of 2023.Post-closing eventOn October 11  2022  Transgene notified Tasly Holding Group and its subsidiary Tianjin Fuhade Technology Development Co. the exercise of its option under the Tasly BioPharmaceuticals Shareholder Agreement  requiring them to repurchase Transgene’s stake in Tasly BioPharmaceuticals.***About TransgeneTransgene (Euronext: TNG) is a biotechnology company focused on designing and developing targeted immunotherapies for the treatment of cancer. Transgene’s programs utilize viral vector technology with the goal of indirectly or directly killing cancer cells.The Company’s clinical-stage programs consist of two therapeutic vaccines (TG4001 for the treatment of HPV-positive cancers  and TG4050  the first individualized therapeutic vaccine based on the myvac® platform) as well as two oncolytic viruses (TG6002 for the treatment of solid tumors  and BT-001  the first oncolytic virus based on the Invir.IO™ platform).With Transgene’s myvac® platform  therapeutic vaccination enters the field of precision medicine with a novel immunotherapy that is fully tailored to each individual. The myvac® approach allows the generation of a virus-based immunotherapy that encodes patient-specific mutations identified and selected by Artificial Intelligence capabilities provided by its partner NEC.With its proprietary platform Invir.IO™  Transgene is building on its viral vector engineering expertise to design a new generation of multifunctional oncolytic viruses. Transgene has an ongoing Invir.IO™ collaboration with AstraZeneca.Additional information about Transgene is available at: www.transgene.frFollow us on Twitter: @TransgeneSADisclaimerThis press release contains forward-looking statements  which are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties  which could cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated. The occurrence of any of these risks could have a significant negative outcome for the Company’s activities  perspectives  financial situation  results  regulatory authorities’ agreement with development phases  and development. The Company’s ability to commercialize its products depends on but is not limited to the following factors: positive pre-clinical data may not be predictive of human clinical results  the success of clinical studies  the ability to obtain financing and/or partnerships for product manufacturing  development and commercialization  and marketing approval by government regulatory authorities. For a discussion of risks and uncertainties which could cause the Company’s actual results  financial condition  performance or achievements to differ from those contained in the forward-looking statements  please refer to the Risk Factors (“Facteurs de Risque”) section of the Universal Registration Document  available on the AMF website (http://www.amf-france.org) or on Transgene’s website (www.transgene.fr). Forward-looking statements speak only as of the date on which they are made  and Transgene undertakes no obligation to update these forward-looking statements  even if new information becomes available in the future.,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.49,0.17,0.34,True,English,"['Q3 2022 Financial Position', 'Transgene Reports', 'Business Update', 'current randomized, controlled Phase II trial', 'randomized, controlled Phase II clinical study', 'two ongoing Phase I trials', 'two Phase I trials', 'previous single-arm Phase Ib/II', 'Independent Data Monitoring Committee', 'individualized, MVA-based therapeutic vaccine', 'New positive clinical data', 'positive interim analysis result', 'advanced HPV16-positive cancer patients', 'landscape changing trials', 'two clinical studies', 'advanced gastrointestinal carcinomas', 'positive efficacy signals', 'HPV-positive anogenital cancers', 'MVA viral vector', 'R&D day', 'HPV16-specific T-cell responses', 'unrelated chronic illness', 'positive confirmatory data', 'strong clinical data', 'individualized cancer vaccine', 'prespecified interim analysis', 'HPV16-positive anogenital tumors', 'overall response rate', 'immune cell infiltration', 'Serious Adverse Events', 'highest dose levels', 'initial positive data', 'neck cancer trial', 'ovarian cancer trial', 'Invir.IO™ platform', 'median overall survival', 'Final positive results', 'limited treatment options', 'HPV16+ cancer patients', 'randomized trial', 'two studies', 'clinical progression', 'previous trial', 'study protocols', 'encouraging data', 'updated data', 'new solution', 'therapeutic vaccines', 'New updates', 'progression-free survival', 'initial forecast', 'Final results', 'registration trial', 'Key events', 'earlier trial', 'increased levels', 'immune system', 'complete response', 'BUSINESS WIRE', 'Regulatory News', 'biotech company', 'virus-based immunotherapies', 'financial position', 'news flow', 'management team', 'leading clinicians', 'The Company', 'median PFS', 'checkpoint inhibitors', 'arm A', 'control arm', 'arm B', 'radiological evidence', 'scientific conference', 'first half', 'ESMO congress', 'oral 5-FC', 'strong potential', 'last patient', 'patient population', 'one patient', 'Euronext Paris', 'business update', 'third quarter', 'metastatic patients', '30 planned patients', '10 evaluable patients', 'cutoff date', 'Significant progress', 'oncolytic viruses', 'nine months', '120 patients', '150 patients', '10 patients', '13 patients', '30 patients', '37 patients', '5.6 months', '13.3 months', '11.4 months', 'STRASBOURG', 'France', 'Transgene', 'TNG', 'September', 'TG4001', 'avelumab', 'November', 'combination', 'NCT', 'IDMC', 'total', 'H1', 'benefit', 'TG4050', 'scientists', 'world', 'insights', 'lesions', 'organs', 'liver', 'ORR', 'expression', 'genes', 'activation', 'head', 'August', 'vaccination', 'relapse', 'elevation', 'CA-125', 'normalization', 'death', 'onset', 'enrollment', 'line', 'poster', 'TG6002', 'therapy', 'mechanism', 'action', 'findings']",2022-11-07,2022-11-08,businesswire.com
12793,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/crossject-big-improvement-ga-social-170000766.html,CROSSJECT - Big improvement in the Gaïa social and environmental rating - Further proof of CROSSJECT’s commitment,Press Release Big improvement in the Gaïa social and environmental rating Further proof of CROSSJECT’s commitment Dijon  7 November 2022 at 6pm (CET...,CROSSJECTPress ReleaseBig improvement in theGaïa social and environmental ratingFurther proof of CROSSJECT’s commitmentDijon  7 November 2022 at 6pm (CET)CROSSJECT (ISIN: FR0011716265; Ticker: ALCJ)  a specialty pharma company that is developing and will soon be marketing a portfolio of drug / device combinations for use in emergency situations  is proud to announce a significant improvement in its Gaïa rating  with an overall score of 60/100 vs 46 last year. As a reminder  Gaïa Rating is an ESG rating agency used by leading asset management companies in their management process and investment decisions.CROSSJECT first undertook to adopt an active approach to achieve the best environmental  social and governance (ESG) reporting standards in 2019  and can confirm significant new improvements on all the criteria analysed by Gaïa  further to the other awards received to date this year.More than just compliance with constantly changing standards  ESG management for CROSSJECT is clearly embedded in its broader development strategy and operating performance. As reflected in its commitment to the chemical industry’s “Responsible Care” programme  CROSSJECT continues to work tirelessly for continuous improvement in the areas of environmental protection  health and safety.Patrick Alexandre  Crossject CEO  said: “We are very keen to improve our Gaïa score  which objectively reflects our tireless efforts to achieve the best social and environmental standards. Our decision to accept benchmarking resonates perfectly with the spirit of our CSR strategy: embrace requirements voluntarily before they become constraints!”Contacts:CrossjectPatrick Alexandreinfo@crossject.com Investor relationsAELIUMJérôme GACOIN +33 (0) 1 75 77 54 67crossject@aelium.frPress relationsBuzz & CompagnieMélanie Voisard +33 (0)6 12 52 53 15melanie.voisard@buzzetcompagnie.comChristelle Distinguin +33 (0)6 09 96 51 70christelle.distinguin@buzzetcompagnie.comAbout CROSSJECT• www.crossject.comStory continuesCROSSJECT (ISIN: FR0011716265; Ticker: ALCJ; LEI: 969500W1VTFNL2D85A65) is developing and is soon to market a portfolio of drugs dedicated to emergency situations: epilepsy  overdose  allergic shock  severe migraine and asthma attack. Thanks to its patented needlefree self-injection system  Crossject aims to become the world leader in self-administered emergency drugs. The company has been listed on the Euronext Growth market in Paris since 2014; it receives funding from the United States BARDA (Biomedical Advanced Research and Development Authority) and from Bpifrance.Attachment,positive,0.87,0.13,0.0,mixed,0.66,0.18,0.16,True,English,"['Gaïa social', 'Big improvement', 'environmental rating', 'Further proof', 'CROSSJECT', 'commitment', 'Jérôme GACOIN', 'patented needlefree self-injection system', 'leading asset management companies', 'Responsible Care” programme', 'Euronext Growth market', 'United States BARDA', 'Biomedical Advanced Research', 'significant new improvements', 'ESG rating agency', 'Gaïa rating', 'Gaïa social', 'Gaïa score', 'specialty pharma company', 'ESG) reporting standards', 'broader development strategy', 'Mélanie Voisard', 'best environmental, social', 'self-administered emergency drugs', 'CROSSJECT Press Release', 'Crossject Patrick Alexandre', 'ESG management', 'best social', 'environmental rating', 'management process', 'environmental standards', 'significant improvement', 'overall score', 'CSR strategy', 'Press relations', 'Development Authority', 'emergency situations', 'changing standards', 'environmental protection', 'Big improvement', 'Further proof', 'device combinations', 'investment decisions', 'active approach', 'other awards', 'operating performance', 'chemical industry', 'continuous improvement', 'tireless efforts', 'Investor relations', 'allergic shock', 'severe migraine', 'asthma attack', 'world leader', 'Christelle Distinguin', 'Crossject CEO', 'commitment', 'Dijon', '7 November', '6pm', 'CET', 'Ticker', 'ALCJ', 'portfolio', 'use', 'reminder', 'governance', 'criteria', 'date', 'compliance', 'constantly', 'areas', 'health', 'safety', 'benchmarking', 'spirit', 'requirements', 'constraints', 'Contacts', 'AELIUM', 'Buzz', 'Compagnie', 'Story', 'LEI', 'epilepsy', 'overdose', 'Paris', 'funding', 'Bpifrance', 'Attachment']",2022-11-07,2022-11-08,finance.yahoo.com
12794,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/launch-share-buyback-program-164600842.html,Launch of a share buyback program,Paris  7th November 2022 – As part of Ipsos' 4-year plan  which was announced both in a press release and during its Investor Day presentation on 14 June...,"IPSOSParis  7th November 2022 – As part of Ipsos' 4-year plan  which was announced both in a press release and during its Investor Day presentation on 14 June  2022  the Company's priorities in the area of capital allocation and the return of value to shareholders include the launch of a new share buyback program of up to 2% of the share capital per year subject to market conditions.This program comes on top of Ipsos’ existing annual share repurchases implemented to compensate for the dilution from Ipsos’ free share and option plans for managers and employees.To this end  the Company will proceed  between now and 28 December 2022  with a first tranche of share repurchases with a view to their cancellation  up to an amount of approximately 10 million euros  corresponding to approximately 0.5% of its share capital at the closing price on 4 November 2022 (47.85 euros)  in accordance with the terms and conditions of the authorizations granted by the Combined General Meeting held on 17 May 2022 (Resolutions 23 and 24).Ipsos reserves the right to suspend the program at any time depending on market conditions or the implementation of its investment strategy.A description of this share buyback program is available on the Company's website (www.ipsos.com) in the section entitled ""Investors""  and in the subsection relating to regulated information.ABOUT IPSOSIpsos is one of the largest market research companies in the world  present in 90 markets and employing more than 18 000 people.Our passionately curious research professionals  analysts and scientists have built unique multi-specialist capabilities that provide true understanding and powerful insights into the actions  opinions and motivations of citizens  consumers  patients  customers or employees. Our 75 solutions are based on primary data from our surveys  social media monitoring  and qualitative or observational techniques.Our tagline ""Game Changers"" sums up our ambition to help our 5 000 customers move confidently through a rapidly changing world.Story continuesFounded in France in 1975  Ipsos has been listed on the Euronext Paris since July 1  1999. The company is part of the SBF 120 and Mid-60 indices and is eligible for the Deferred Settlement Service (SRD). ISIN code FR0000073298  Reuters ISOS.PA  Bloomberg IPS:FPwww.ipsos.comAttachment",neutral,0.3,0.7,0.01,neutral,0.04,0.94,0.02,True,English,"['share buyback program', 'Launch', 'Ipsos’ existing annual share repurchases', 'largest market research companies', 'new share buyback program', 'curious research professionals', 'Investor Day presentation', 'Combined General Meeting', 'unique multi-specialist capabilities', 'social media monitoring', 'Deferred Settlement Service', ""Ipsos' 4-year plan"", 'Ipsos’ free share', 'share capital', 'market conditions', 'press release', 'capital allocation', 'option plans', 'first tranche', 'closing price', 'investment strategy', 'regulated information', 'true understanding', 'powerful insights', 'primary data', 'observational techniques', 'Game Changers', 'Mid-60 indices', 'ISIN code', 'Reuters ISOS', 'Bloomberg IPS', '7th November', '10 million euros', 'changing world', 'Euronext Paris', '4 November', '47.85 euros', 'part', '14 June', 'Company', 'priorities', 'area', 'return', 'value', 'shareholders', 'launch', 'top', 'dilution', 'managers', 'employees', 'end', '28 December', 'view', 'cancellation', 'amount', 'accordance', 'terms', 'authorizations', '17 May', 'Resolutions', 'right', 'time', 'implementation', 'description', 'website', 'section', 'Investors', '90 markets', '18,000 people', 'analysts', 'scientists', 'actions', 'opinions', 'motivations', 'citizens', 'consumers', 'patients', 'customers', '75 solutions', 'surveys', 'qualitative', 'tagline', 'ambition', 'Story', 'France', 'July', 'SBF 120', 'SRD', 'Attachment']",2022-11-07,2022-11-08,finance.yahoo.com
12795,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20221107005376/en/Wolters-Kluwer-Kicks-Off-18th-Annual-CCH-Connections-User-Conference-to-Advance-Technology-Innovation-in-Tax-Accounting-and-Audit,Wolters Kluwer Kicks Off 18th Annual CCH Connections: User Conference to Advance Technology Innovation in Tax  Accounting and Audit,TAMPA  Fla.--(BUSINESS WIRE)-- #accounting--Wolters Kluwer Kicks Off 18th Annual CCH Connections: User Conference to Advance Technology Innovation in Tax  Accounting & Audit,TAMPA  Fla.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Tomorrow  Wolters Kluwer Tax & Accounting will kick off its 18th annual CCH Connections: User Conference  where more than 1 100 tax  accounting and audit professionals will come together to collaborate  network with peers  learn how to leverage Wolters Kluwer technologies to their fullest potential  and gain new insights on key trends impacting the profession in 2023 and beyond.Jason Marx  President and Chief Executive Officer  Wolters Kluwer Tax & Accounting North America  said:“We’re excited to bring our customers together again this year for the CCH Connections: User Conference this year  where our customers will learn from some of the industry's most influential experts  connect with peers and gain practical insights that help them to simplify the way they work  improve profitability  make more informed decisions  and grow their businesses with confidence.”The CCH Connections: User Conference will be held Nov. 8-11  in Tampa  Florida. Keynote speakers and presentations include:J ason Marx  CEO of Wolters Kluwer Tax & Accounting North America   will explore how innovation continues to drive the evolution of the tax and accounting profession and will preview new Wolters Kluwer innovations that help firms improve efficiency  profitability and accelerate growth.  will explore how innovation continues to drive the evolution of the tax and accounting profession and will preview new Wolters Kluwer innovations that help firms improve efficiency  profitability and accelerate growth. Duncan Wardle  former Head of Creativity and Innovation at The Walt Disney Company   will share why Thinking Different is key to building a profitable business and a winning culture.  will share why Thinking Different is key to building a profitable business and a winning culture. Shola Richards  CEO and Founder of Go Together Global and best-selling author of Making Work Work and Go Together  will share encouraging yet practical guidance on how firms can create a positive workplace culture where every employee can thrive.will share encouraging yet practical guidance on how firms can create a positive workplace culture where every employee can thrive. An interactive  augmented reality exhibit hosted by Microsoft  which will provide a glimpse into what the CCH Axcess™ experience of the future could look like.Every attendee  from associates to partners  will also have the opportunity to:Be among the first to learn about impactful enhancements to leading Wolters Kluwer technologies including CCH Axcess™  CCH® Pro System fx®   and CCH® AnswerConnect .including and . Earn up to 22 CPE credits .. Choose from more than 80+ unique and engaging breakout sessions  lectures  discussion pods and workshops which feature content in four specialized content tracks – audit  firm management  tax and technology – led by some of the best and brightest experts in the tax and accounting industry.which feature content in four specialized content tracks – audit  firm management  tax and technology – led by some of the best and brightest experts in the tax and accounting industry. Learn new ways to maximize Wolters Kluwer technology and get interactive access to live demonstrations of current and soon-to-be-released Wolters Kluwer product innovations.About Wolters KluwerWolters Kluwer (WKL) is a global leader in professional information  software solutions  and services for the healthcare; tax and accounting; governance  risk and compliance; and legal and regulatory sectors. We help our customers make critical decisions every day by providing expert solutions that combine deep domain knowledge with advanced technology and services.Wolters Kluwer reported 2021 annual revenues of €4.8 billion. The group serves customers in over 180 countries  maintains operations in over 40 countries  and employs around 19 800 people worldwide. The company is headquartered in Alphen aan den Rijn  the Netherlands.Wolters Kluwer shares are listed on Euronext Amsterdam (WKL) and are included in the AEX and Euronext 100 indices. Wolters Kluwer has a sponsored Level 1 American Depositary Receipt (ADR) program. The ADRs are traded on the over-the-counter market in the U.S. (WTKWY).For more information  visit www.wolterskluwer.com  follow us on LinkedIn  Twitter  Facebook  and YouTube,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.0,positive,0.95,0.04,0.0,True,English,"['18th Annual CCH Connections', 'Wolters Kluwer', 'User Conference', 'Technology Innovation', 'Accounting', 'Audit', 'Alphen aan den Rijn', 'Level 1 American Depositary Receipt', 'interactive, augmented reality exhibit', 'four specialized content tracks', 'Wolters Kluwer product innovations', '18th annual CCH Connections', 'The Walt Disney Company', 'new Wolters Kluwer innovations', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'The CCH Connections', 'engaging breakout sessions', 'deep domain knowledge', 'Wolters Kluwer technologies', 'Wolters Kluwer shares', 'CCH® Pro System', 'J ason Marx', 'positive workplace culture', 'CCH Axcess™ experience', 'Accounting North America', 'Wolters Kluwer technology', 'Wolters Kluwer Tax', 'new insights', 'new ways', 'interactive access', '2021 annual revenues', 'CCH® AnswerConnect', 'Jason Marx', 'winning culture', 'User Conference', 'fullest potential', 'key trends', 'influential experts', 'practical insights', 'informed decisions', 'Keynote speakers', 'Duncan Wardle', 'former Head', 'profitable business', 'Shola Richards', 'selling author', 'practical guidance', 'impactful enhancements', '22 CPE credits', '80+ unique', 'discussion pods', 'firm management', 'brightest experts', 'live demonstrations', 'global leader', 'software solutions', 'regulatory sectors', 'critical decisions', 'expert solutions', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'Euronext 100 indices', 'ADR) program', 'counter market', 'U.S.', 'advanced technology', 'accounting profession', 'accounting industry', '1,100 tax, accounting', 'professional information', 'audit professionals', 'TAMPA', 'Fla.', 'peers', 'President', 'customers', 'profitability', 'businesses', 'confidence', 'Florida', 'presentations', 'CEO', 'evolution', 'firms', 'efficiency', 'growth', 'Creativity', 'Thinking', 'Founder', 'Go', 'best', 'encouraging', 'employee', 'Microsoft', 'glimpse', 'future', 'attendee', 'associates', 'partners', 'opportunity', 'lectures', 'workshops', 'current', 'WKL', 'services', 'healthcare', 'risk', 'compliance', 'legal', 'group', '180 countries', 'operations', '40 countries', '19,800 people', 'Netherlands', 'AEX', 'ADRs', 'WTKWY', 'LinkedIn', 'Twitter', 'Facebook', 'YouTube']",2022-11-07,2022-11-08,businesswire.com
12796,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/worldline-acquire-banco-desio-merchant-060000793.html,Worldline to acquire Banco Desio merchant acquiring activities,Worldline to acquire merchant acquiringactivities of Banco Desio Reinforcement of Worldline presence in the promising Italian market with a strong partner...,"WORLDLINE SAWorldline to acquire merchant acquiringactivities of Banco DesioReinforcement of Worldline presence in the promising Italian market with a strong partnerParis  La Défense  November 7  2022 – Worldline [Euronext: WLN]  a global leader in payment services  announces the signing of a binding agreement for the acquisition of Banco Desio’s merchant acquiring activities and the planned set-up of a commercial partnership aiming to leverage Banco Desio’s banking network in order to distribute Worldline’s payment products and services to merchant customers of the bank in Italy.Gilles Grapinet  CEO of Worldline  said: ""I am very proud to announce the acquisition of Banco Desio’s merchant acquiring activities. This operation is fully in line with our strategy to further expand our Merchant Services activities towards the South of Europe and in particular in Italy  a highly attractive and strategic market for Worldline where we intend to continue leveraging our footprint built last year through the acquisition of Axepta Italy early 2022 and the set-up of the Worldline MS Italy joint venture.This transaction offers attractive development opportunities for Worldline in the coming years  leveraging a strong banking network as a key commercial channel in order to distribute Worldline’s full suite of end-to-end payment solutions to merchants.With this transaction  Worldline keeps on playing the leading role in the consolidation of the European payments industry  with a focus on value-creating consolidation opportunities  enhancing Worldline scale  reach and significant presence in a growing number of countries.”Acquisition of merchant acquiring activities of Banco Desio and set-up of a long-term commercial partnershipBanco Desio Group is an important Italian banking group with a strong local approach delivered through a network of more than 230 branches. The banking group was looking for a partner to acquire  operate and develop its merchant acquiring portfolio which delivers payment solutions to c. 15 thousand merchants generating c. 40 million transactions per year  representing c. € 2.0 billion of MSV. It also manages the marketing and distribution of more than 19 thousand POS to the merchants within the bank’s network.Story continuesAs part of the transaction  Worldline will enter a long-term commercial partnership with Banco Desio aiming to leverage its strong banking network as a key commercial channel in order to distribute Worldline’s best-in-class payment product and services to merchants.Reinforcement of Worldline presence in Italy  one of the most attractive payment markets in EuropeFollowing the acquisition of Axepta Italy early 2022 and the set-up of the Worldline MS Italy joint venture  this transaction is fully in line with Worldline’s strategy to reinforce its presence in Italy  a highly attractive and strategic market for Worldline. The country is the third largest euro economy in Europe with a cash penetration that remains high with cash accounting for close to 76% of total payment volume in 20211  a rapid shift from cash to card and electronic payment adoption and by one of the highest POS densities per inhabitants in Europe. Transactions acquired are well balanced by card type (Credit cards  PagoBancomat  and Debit & Prepaid).As an additional very compelling characteristic  Luxury and Retail market is one of the most important sectors of the Italian economy and a key pillar of its economic growth. In addition  with close to 100 million tourists per year  Italy is one of the most visited countries in Europe and in the world. This represents a very attractive feature of the Italian payment market offering numerous additional growth opportunities in a post-Covid context by leveraging the very rich Worldline portfolio of Luxury & Retail and Travel & Hospitality solutions.Key items of the transactionWorldline to acquire 100% of Banco Desio’s merchant acquiring activities through the Worldline MS Italy joint venture for c. € 100 millionAdditional annual revenue of c. € 15 million in year one with expected double-digit organic growth in the coming yearsOMDA margin expected above 30% at closingExpected closing in Q1 2023 after the usual regulatory approvalsForthcoming eventFebruary 21  2023 FY 2022 resultsApril 26  2023 Q1 2023 revenueJune 8  2023 Annual General Shareholders’ MeetingJuly 26  2023 H1 2023 resultsOctober 25  2023 Q3 2023 revenueContactsInvestor RelationsLaurent Marie+33 7 84 50 18 90laurent.marie@worldline.comBenoit d’Amécourt+33 6 75 51 41 47benoit.damecourt@worldline.comCommunicationSandrine van der Ghinst+32 499 585 380sandrine.vanderghinst@worldline.comHélène Carlander+33 7 72 25 96 04helene.carlander@worldline.comAbout WorldlineWorldline [Euronext: WLN] is a global leader in the payments industry and the technology partner of choice for merchants  banks and acquirers. Powered by 20 000 employees in more than 50 countries  Worldline provides its clients with sustainable  trusted and innovative solutions fostering their growth. Services offered by Worldline include instore and online commercial acquiring  highly secure payment transaction processing and numerous digital services. In 2021 Worldline generated a proforma revenue close to 4 billion euros. worldline.comWorldline’s corporate purpose (“raison d’être”) is to design and operate leading digital payment and transactional solutions that enable sustainable economic growth and reinforce trust and security in our societies. Worldline makes them environmentally friendly  widely accessible  and supports social transformation.DisclaimerThis document contains forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties  including references  concerning the Group's expected growth and profitability in the future which may significantly impact the expected performance indicated in the forward-looking statements. These risks and uncertainties are linked to factors out of the control of the Company and not precisely estimated  such as market conditions or competitors’ behaviors. Any forward-looking statements made in this document are statements about Worldline’s beliefs and expectations and should be evaluated as such. Forward-looking statements include statements that may relate to Worldline’s plans  objectives  strategies  goals  future events  future revenues or synergies  or performance  and other information that is not historical information. Actual events or results may differ from those described in this document due to a number of risks and uncertainties that are described within the 2021 Universal Registration Document filed with the French Autorité des marchés financiers (AMF) on April 25  2022 under the filling number: D.22-0342 and its Amendment filed on July 29  2022 under the filling number: D. 21-0342-A01.Revenue organic growth and Operating Margin before Depreciation and Amortization (OMDA) improvement are presented at constant scope and exchange rate. OMDA is presented as defined in the 2021 Universal Registration Document. All amounts are presented in € million without decimal. This may in certain circumstances lead to non-material differences between the sum of the figures and the subtotals that appear in the tables. 2022 objectives are expressed at constant scope and exchange rates and according to Group’s accounting standards.Worldline does not undertake  and specifically disclaims  any obligation or responsibility to update or amend any of the information above except as otherwise required by law.This document is disseminated for information purposes only and does not constitute an offer to purchase  or a solicitation of an offer to sell  any securities in the United States or any other jurisdiction. Securities may not be offered or sold in the United States unless they have been registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the “U.S. Securities Act”) or the securities laws of any U.S. state  or are exempt from registration. The securities that may be offered in any transaction have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act or the securities laws of any U.S. state and Worldline does not intend to make a public offering of any such securities in the United States.1 source: Politecnico di MilanoAttachment",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,positive,0.71,0.25,0.04,True,English,"['Banco Desio merchant', 'Worldline', 'activities', 'Worldline MS Italy joint venture', 'Annual General Shareholders’ Meeting', 'third largest euro economy', 'Investor Relations Laurent Marie', 'Sandrine van der Ghinst', 'Hélène Carlander', 'numerous additional growth opportunities', 'important Italian banking group', 'Additional annual revenue', 'La Défense', 'double-digit organic growth', 'usual regulatory approvals', 'strong local approach', 'class payment product', 'total payment volume', 'electronic payment adoption', 'highest POS densities', 'innovative solutions fostering', 'long-term commercial partnership', 'promising Italian market', 'merchant acquiring portfolio', 'attractive development opportunities', 'value-creating consolidation opportunities', 'key commercial channel', 'Italian payment market', 'European payments industry', 'rich Worldline portfolio', 'merchant acquiring activities', 'attractive payment markets', 'strong banking network', 'c. 40 million transactions', 'Banco Desio Group', 'end payment solutions', 'Merchant Services activities', 'Italian economy', 'important sectors', 'economic growth', 'payment products', '19 thousand POS', 'key pillar', '100 million tourists', 'Hospitality solutions', 'Key items', 'strong partner', 'payment services', 'strategic market', 'Axepta Italy', 'merchant customers', 'Q3 2023 revenue', 'global leader', 'binding agreement', 'Gilles Grapinet', 'coming years', 'full suite', 'leading role', 'growing number', 'rapid shift', 'Credit cards', 'compelling characteristic', 'close to', 'attractive feature', 'post-Covid context', 'OMDA margin', 'Forthcoming event', 'sustainable, trusted', 'Retail market', 'Q1 2023 revenue', 'WORLDLINE SA', 'Worldline scale', 'significant presence', 'technology partner', 'Worldline presence', 'card type', 'FY 2022 results', 'cash penetration', '15 thousand merchants', '2023 results', 'Reinforcement', 'Paris', 'Euronext', 'WLN', 'signing', 'acquisition', 'set-up', 'order', 'CEO', 'operation', 'strategy', 'South', 'footprint', 'focus', 'reach', 'countries', '230 branches', 'MSV', 'marketing', 'distribution', 'Story', 'country', 'inhabitants', 'PagoBancomat', 'Debit', 'Luxury', 'Travel', 'closing', 'February', 'April', 'June', 'July', 'October', 'Contacts', 'Benoit', 'damecourt', 'Communication', 'vanderghinst', 'choice', 'banks', 'acquirers', '20,000 employees', 'clients']",2022-11-07,2022-11-08,finance.yahoo.com
12797,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/share-repurchase-program-kbc-ancora-164000180.html,Update on share repurchase program KBC Ancora until 04 November 2022,Regulated information  inside information  Leuven  07 November 2022 (17:40 CET) Update on share repurchase program KBC Ancora until 04 November 2022 As part ...,KBC AncoraRegulated information  inside information  Leuven  07 November 2022 (17:40 CET)Update on share repurchase program KBC Ancora until 04 November 2022As part of the EUR 50 million share repurchase program  as confirmed on 20 May 2022  KBC Ancora has announced that it bought back a total of 23 200 shares in the period from 31 October 2022 to 04 November 2022.The following transactions were carried out during the period in question:Transaction date Number of shares Average price (EUR) Lowest price (EUR) Highest price (EUR) Total amount (EUR) Mon 31 October 2022 5 500 36.07 35.98 36.44 198 394.35 Tue 1 November 2022 3 700 36.44 36.20 36.66 134 813.94 Wed 2 November 2022 5 000 36.05 35.78 36.60 180 228.00 Thu 3 November 2022 4 000 36.14 35.90 36.28 144 573.20 Fri 4 November 2022 5 000 37.36 36.70 37.58 186 787.00 TOTAL(period concerned) 23 200 36.41 35.78 37.58 844 796.49 TOTAL (overall repurchase program) 723 838 34.73 31.68 38.62 25 141 464.99All transactions were carried out in the central order book of Euronext Brussels.Since the start of the share repurchase program on 10 June 2022  KBC Ancora has bought back 723 838 of its own shares  or 0.92% of the total number of shares issued (i.e. 78 301 314)  for an average price of 34.73 euros per share and for a total amount of 25 141 465 euros. KBC Ancora has currently implemented 50.28% of the repurchase program.The repurchase program runs within the limits of the share repurchase authorization granted by the Extraordinary General Meeting of Shareholders on 30 October 2020.---------------------------------KBC Ancora is a listed company that holds 18.6% of the shares in KBC Group. Together with Cera  MRBB and the Other Permanent Shareholders  it ensures shareholder stability and the ongoing development of the KBC Group. As core shareholders of KBC Group  they have concluded a shareholders’ agreement to this end.Financial calendar:27 January 2023 Interim financial report (1H)1 September 2023 Annual press release for the financial year 2022/202327 October 2023 Annual General Meeting of ShareholdersStory continuesThis press release is available in Dutch  French and English on the website www.kbcancora.be.KBC Ancora Investor Relations & Press contact: Jan BergmansTel. +32 (0)16 27 96 72email: jan.bergmans@kbcancora.be or mailbox@kbcancora.beAttachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.97,0.02,True,English,"['share repurchase program', 'KBC Ancora', 'Update', '04 November', 'EUR 50 million share repurchase program', 'KBC Ancora Investor Relations', 'central order book', 'Extraordinary General Meeting', 'Annual General Meeting', 'share repurchase authorization', 'Interim financial report', 'Annual press release', 'Other Permanent Shareholders', 'Financial calendar', 'financial year', 'Press contact', 'KBC Group', 'Transaction date', 'Average price', 'Lowest price', 'Highest price', 'Euronext Brussels', 'listed company', 'shareholder stability', 'ongoing development', 'core shareholders', 'shareholders’ agreement', 'Total amount', 'Regulated information', 'following transactions', 'total number', 'Jan Bergmans', 'Leuven', '07 November', 'Update', '04 November', 'part', '20 May', '23,200 shares', 'period', '31 October', 'question', 'Mon', 'Tue', '1 November', 'Wed', '2 November', 'start', '10 June', '34.73 euros', '1,465 euros', 'limits', '30 October', 'Cera', 'MRBB', '27 January', '1 September', '27 October', 'Story', 'Dutch', 'French', 'English', 'website', 'Tel.', 'email', 'kbcancora', 'Attachment']",2022-11-07,2022-11-08,finance.yahoo.com
12798,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/bghl-gbp-nav-share-buy-063000524.html,BGHL GBP NAV & Share buy back,BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary Shares The Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for...,"BOUSSARD AND GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED (GBP)BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary SharesThe Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for the Company.Close of business 04 Nov 2022.Estimated NAVEuro Shares Sterling Shares Estimated NAV € 28.0152 £ 24.5700 Estimated MTD return -0.47 % -0.48 % Estimated YTD return -4.06 % -2.91 % Estimated ITD return 180.15 % 145.70 %NAV and returns are calculated net of management and performance feesMarket informationEuro Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close € 22.80 N/A Premium/discount to estimated NAV -18.62 % N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close N/A GBX 2 000.00 Premium/discount to estimated NAV N/A -18.60 %Transactions in own securities purchased into treasuryOrdinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares 600 N/A Average Price € 22.60 N/A Range of Price N/A N/ALiquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/ABGHL CapitalBGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Shares Outstanding 12 307 514 130 254 Held in treasury 9 074 N/A Shares Issued 12 316 588 130 254Estimated BG Fund NAVClass B Euro Shares (estimated) € 244.6194 Class GBP A Shares (estimated) £ 131.0606The Class B Euro Shares of BG Fund are not subject to investment manager fees  as the Investment Manager receives management fees and performance fees in respect of its role as Investment Manager of BGHL.For further information please contact:Story continuesBoussard & Gavaudan Investment Management  LLP.Emmanuel Gavaudan +44 (0) 20 3751 5389 Email : info@bgam-uk.comThe Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has received the necessary approval of the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and the States of Guernsey Policy Council. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.This is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Neither the Company nor BG Fund ICAV has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that:all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results;the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; andif you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.Attachment",neutral,0.08,0.91,0.0,negative,0.0,0.16,0.84,True,English,"['BGHL GBP NAV', 'Share', 'The Class B Euro Shares', 'GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary Shares', 'BGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares', 'Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number', 'A Liquidity Enhancement Agreement', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'Class GBP A Shares', 'A N/A Average Price', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'Euro Shares Amsterdam', 'US Investment Company Act', 'Sterling Shares Shares', 'expert financial advice', 'Guernsey Policy Council', 'collective investment scheme', 'UK Listing Authority', 'other professional advice', 'BG Fund ICAV', 'Gavaudan Investment Management', 'closed-ended investment company', 'US Securities Act', 'investment manager fees', 'BG Fund NAV', 'The Shares', 'Dutch Authority', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'A Range', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'US persons', 'Financial Markets', 'The Directors', 'The Company', 'investment performance', 'original investment', 'investment decision', 'performance fees', 'BGHL Capital', 'management fees', 'MTD return', 'YTD return', 'ITD return', 'financieel toezicht', 'Official List', 'applicable law', 'public offering', 'other jurisdiction', 'United States', 'following information', 'information purposes', 'necessary approval', 'main market', 'future results', 'listed securities', 'Market information', 'BOUSSARD', 'business', 'returns', 'AEX', 'LSE', 'Transactions', 'treasury', '600 N', 'respect', 'role', 'Story', 'LLP.', 'Email', 'article', 'conjunction', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', 'mind', 'risk', 'past', 'guarantee', 'doubt', 'contents', 'communication', 'substitute', 'Attachment']",2022-11-07,2022-11-08,finance.yahoo.com
12799,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/bghl-euro-nav-share-buy-063000105.html,BGHL Euro NAV & Share buy back,BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary Shares The Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for...,"BOUSSARD AND GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED (EUR)BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary SharesThe Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for the Company.Close of business 04 Nov 2022.Estimated NAVEuro Shares Sterling Shares Estimated NAV € 28.0152 £ 24.5700 Estimated MTD return -0.47 % -0.48 % Estimated YTD return -4.06 % -2.91 % Estimated ITD return 180.15 % 145.70 %NAV and returns are calculated net of management and performance feesMarket informationEuro Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close € 22.80 N/A Premium/discount to estimated NAV -18.62 % N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close N/A GBX 2 000.00 Premium/discount to estimated NAV N/A -18.60 %Transactions in own securities purchased into treasuryOrdinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares 600 N/A Average Price € 22.60 N/A Range of Price N/A N/ALiquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/ABGHL CapitalBGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Shares Outstanding 12 307 514 130 254 Held in treasury 9 074 N/A Shares Issued 12 316 588 130 254Estimated BG Fund NAVClass B Euro Shares (estimated) € 244.6194 Class GBP A Shares (estimated) £ 131.0606The Class B Euro Shares of BG Fund are not subject to investment manager fees  as the Investment Manager receives management fees and performance fees in respect of its role as Investment Manager of BGHL.For further information please contact:Story continuesBoussard & Gavaudan Investment Management  LLP.Emmanuel Gavaudan +44 (0) 20 3751 5389 Email : info@bgam-uk.comThe Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has received the necessary approval of the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and the States of Guernsey Policy Council. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.This is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Neither the Company nor BG Fund ICAV has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that:all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results;the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; andif you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.Attachment",neutral,0.05,0.95,0.0,negative,0.0,0.16,0.84,True,English,"['BGHL Euro NAV', 'Share', 'The Class B Euro Shares', 'Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number', 'BGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares', 'A Liquidity Enhancement Agreement', 'Class GBP A Shares', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'A N/A Average Price', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'US Investment Company Act', 'Euro Shares Amsterdam', 'Sterling Shares Shares', 'GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED', 'expert financial advice', 'Guernsey Policy Council', 'collective investment scheme', 'UK Listing Authority', 'other professional advice', 'BG Fund ICAV', 'closed-ended investment company', 'US Securities Act', 'Gavaudan Investment Management', 'investment manager fees', 'BG Fund NAV', 'The Shares', 'Dutch Authority', 'A Range', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'US persons', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'Financial Markets', 'The Directors', 'The Company', 'investment performance', 'original investment', 'investment decision', 'performance fees', 'BGHL Capital', 'management fees', 'MTD return', 'YTD return', 'ITD return', 'financieel toezicht', 'Official List', 'applicable law', 'public offering', 'other jurisdiction', 'United States', 'following information', 'information purposes', 'necessary approval', 'main market', 'future results', 'listed securities', 'Market information', 'BOUSSARD', 'business', 'returns', 'AEX', 'LSE', 'Transactions', 'treasury', '600 N', 'respect', 'role', 'Story', 'LLP.', 'Email', 'article', 'conjunction', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', 'mind', 'risk', 'past', 'guarantee', 'doubt', 'contents', 'communication', 'substitute', 'Attachment']",2022-11-07,2022-11-08,finance.yahoo.com
12800,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.co.uk/news-releases/pharming-to-attend-credit-suisse-31st-annual-healthcare-conference-301669621.html,Pharming to attend Credit Suisse 31st Annual Healthcare Conference,"LEIDEN  The Netherlands  Nov. 7  2022 /PRNewswire/ -- Pharming Group N.V. (""Pharming"") (Euronext Amsterdam: PHARM/Nasdaq: PHAR) announces that Pharming's Chief Executive Officer  Sijmen de Vries  and Chief Medical Officer  Anurag Relan  will attend the Credit…","LEIDEN  The Netherlands  Nov. 7  2022 /PRNewswire/ -- Pharming Group N.V. (""Pharming"") (Euronext Amsterdam: PHARM/Nasdaq: PHAR) announces that Pharming's Chief Executive Officer  Sijmen de Vries  and Chief Medical Officer  Anurag Relan  will attend the Credit Suisse 31st Annual Healthcare Conference in Rancho Palos Verdes  California  November 7-10  2022.Pharming's CEO and CMO will be available for one-to-one investor and corporate meetings.For more information about the conference  or to schedule a one-to-one with Pharming's management team  please contact your Credit Suisse representative  or send an email to Pharming's Investor Relations team to investor@pharming.com.About Pharming Group N.V.Pharming Group N.V. (EURONEXT Amsterdam: PHARM/Nasdaq: PHAR) is a global biopharmaceutical company dedicated to transforming the lives of patients with rare  debilitating  and life-threatening diseases. Pharming is commercializing and developing an innovative portfolio of protein replacement therapies and precision medicines  including small molecules  biologics  and gene therapies that are in early to late-stage development. Pharming is headquartered in Leiden  Netherlands  and has employees around the globe who serve patients in over 30 markets in North America  Europe  the Middle East  Africa  and Asia-Pacific. For more information  visit www.pharming.com or follow us on LinkedIn.For further public information  contact:Pharming Group  Leiden  The NetherlandsHeather Robertson  Investor Relations & Corporate Communications ManagerT: +31 71 5247 400E: investor@pharming.comFTI Consulting  London  UKVictoria Foster Mitchell/Alex ShawT: +44 203 727 1000FTI Consulting  USAJim PolsonT: +1 (312) 553-6730LifeSpring Life Sciences Communication  Amsterdam  The NetherlandsLeon MelensT: +31 6 53 81 64 27E: pharming@lifespring.nlLogo - https://mma.prnewswire.com/media/1778344/Pharming_Group_NV_Logo.jpgSOURCE Pharming Group N.V.",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['Credit Suisse 31st Annual Healthcare Conference', 'Pharming', 'Credit Suisse 31st Annual Healthcare Conference', 'SOURCE Pharming Group N.V.', 'LifeSpring Life Sciences Communication', 'Corporate Communications Manager T', 'Credit Suisse representative', 'Jim Polson T', 'Leon Melens T', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'Sijmen de Vries', 'Chief Medical Officer', 'Rancho Palos Verdes', 'global biopharmaceutical company', 'Victoria Foster Mitchell', 'protein replacement therapies', 'Investor Relations team', 'corporate meetings', 'management team', 'gene therapies', 'one investor', 'Anurag Relan', 'life-threatening diseases', 'innovative portfolio', 'precision medicines', 'small molecules', 'early to', 'late-stage development', 'North America', 'Middle East', 'Heather Robertson', 'FTI Consulting', 'Alex Shaw', 'The Netherlands', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'public information', 'LEIDEN', 'PRNewswire', 'PHARM/Nasdaq', 'California', 'November', 'CEO', 'CMO', 'email', 'lives', 'patients', 'biologics', 'employees', 'globe', '30 markets', 'Europe', 'Africa', 'Asia-Pacific', 'LinkedIn', 'London', 'UK', 'USA', 'Logo']",2022-11-07,2022-11-08,prnewswire.co.uk
12801,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2022/11/07/2549231/0/en/argenx-to-Present-at-Upcoming-Investor-Conferences.html,argenx to Present at Upcoming Investor Conferences,November 7  2022Amsterdam  the Netherlands – argenx (Euronext & Nasdaq: ARGX)  a global immunology company committed to improving the lives of people suffering from severe autoimmune diseases  today announced that members of management will participate in sev…,November 7  2022Amsterdam  the Netherlands – argenx (Euronext & Nasdaq: ARGX)  a global immunology company committed to improving the lives of people suffering from severe autoimmune diseases  today announced that members of management will participate in several upcoming investor conferences in November:Guggenheim Healthcare Talks 4 th Annual Immunology and Neurology Day. Fireside chat on Monday  November 14  2022 at 11:20 a.m. ET in New York  NY.Fireside chat on Monday  November 14  2022 at 11:20 a.m. ET in New York  NY. Stifel 2022 Healthcare Conference. Fireside chat on Tuesday  November 15  2022 at 4:45 p.m. ET in New York  NY.Fireside chat on Tuesday  November 15  2022 at 4:45 p.m. ET in New York  NY. Jefferies London Healthcare Conference. Management will participate in investor meetings on Wednesday  November 16  2022 in London  UK.Management will participate in investor meetings on Wednesday  November 16  2022 in London  UK. Evercore ISI 5 th Annual HealthCONx Conference. Virtual fireside chat on Tuesday  November 29  2022 at 10:55 a.m. ET.Virtual fireside chat on Tuesday  November 29  2022 at 10:55 a.m. ET. Piper Sandler 34th Annual Healthcare Conference. Fireside chat on Wednesday  November 30  2022 at 1:00 p.m. ET in New York  NY.Additional information regarding these events will be available on the Investors section of the argenx website at argenx.com/investors.About argenxargenx is a global immunology company committed to improving the lives of people suffering from severe autoimmune diseases. Partnering with leading academic researchers through its Immunology Innovation Program (IIP)  argenx aims to translate immunology breakthroughs into a world-class portfolio of novel antibody-based medicines. argenx developed and is commercializing the first-and-only approved neonatal Fc receptor (FcRn) blocker in the U.S.  Japan and the EU. The Company is evaluating efgartigimod in multiple serious autoimmune diseases and advancing several earlier stage experimental medicines within its therapeutic franchises. For more information  visit www.argenx.com and follow us on LinkedIn  Twitter  and Instagram.For further information  please contact:Media:Kelsey Kirkkkirk@argenx.comInvestors:Beth DelGiaccobdelgiacco@argenx.com,neutral,0.05,0.95,0.0,negative,0.0,0.18,0.82,True,English,"['Upcoming Investor Conferences', 'argenx', 'Evercore ISI 5 th Annual HealthCONx Conference', 'Piper Sandler 34th Annual Healthcare Conference', 'several earlier stage experimental medicines', 'several upcoming investor conferences', 'Jefferies London Healthcare Conference', 'multiple serious autoimmune diseases', '4 th Annual Immunology', 'Stifel 2022 Healthcare Conference', 'Guggenheim Healthcare Talks', 'novel antibody-based medicines', 'severe autoimmune diseases', 'leading academic researchers', 'neonatal Fc receptor', 'Immunology Innovation Program', 'global immunology company', 'Virtual fireside chat', 'immunology breakthroughs', 'investor meetings', 'The Company', 'Neurology Day', 'New York', 'world-class portfolio', 'FcRn) blocker', 'U.S.', 'therapeutic franchises', 'Kelsey Kirk', 'Beth DelGiacco', 'Additional information', 'Investors section', 'argenx website', 'November', 'Amsterdam', 'Netherlands', 'Euronext', 'Nasdaq', 'ARGX', 'lives', 'people', 'members', 'management', 'Monday', 'Tuesday', 'Wednesday', 'UK', '10:55 a', 'events', 'IIP', 'Japan', 'efgartigimod', 'LinkedIn', 'Twitter', 'Instagram', 'Media', 'bdelgiacco', '11:20', '4:45', '1:00']",2022-11-07,2022-11-08,globenewswire.com
12802,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2022/11/07/2549263/0/en/Exor-N-V-Periodic-Report-on-the-Buyback-Program.html,Exor N.V.: Periodic Report on the Buyback Program,EXOR N.V. (AMS: EXO) (“Exor” or the “Company”) announces that  under the second tranche of the share buyback program of up to €250 million announced on 29 July 2022 (the “second tranche”)  the Company has completed the following transactions on Euronext Amste…,EXOR N.V. (AMS: EXO) (“Exor” or the “Company”) announces that  under the second tranche of the share buyback program of up to €250 million announced on 29 July 2022 (the “second tranche”)  the Company has completed the following transactions on Euronext Amsterdam:Trading Date Number of ordinary shares purchased Average price per share excluding fees (€) Total consideration excluding fees (€) 31 October 2022 32 262 67.8518 2 189 034.77 1 November 2022 17 425 68.5076 1 193 744.93 2 November 2022 27 223 68.0926 1 853 684.85 3 November 2022 31 500 67.3621 2 121 906.15 4 November 2022 31 500 68.6008 2 160 925.20 TOTAL 139 910 9 519 295.90After these purchases  the total invested amount under the second tranche is approximately €99.8 million for a total amount of 1 533 756 ordinary shares purchased.As of 4 November 2022  the Company held in total 12 330 937 ordinary shares in treasury (5.12% of total ordinary issued share capital).A comprehensive overview of the transactions carried out under the share buyback program  as well as the details of the above transactions  are available on Exor’s corporate website under the Share Buyback section.Attachment,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,True,English,"['Exor N.V.', 'Periodic Report', 'Buyback Program', 'total ordinary issued share capital', 'share buyback program', 'Share Buyback section', 'EXOR N.V.', 'ordinary shares', 'second tranche', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'Trading Date', 'Average price', 'Total consideration', 'comprehensive overview', 'corporate website', 'total amount', 'following transactions', 'Company', '29 July', 'Number', 'fees', '31 October', '1 November', 'purchases', '4 November', 'treasury', 'details', 'Attachment']",2022-11-07,2022-11-08,globenewswire.com
12803,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2022/11/07/2550027/0/en/Valneva-to-Present-and-Hold-Investor-Meetings-at-the-Jefferies-London-Healthcare-Conference.html,Valneva to Present and Hold Investor Meetings at the Jefferies London Healthcare Conference,Saint-Herblain (France)  November 7  2022 – Valneva SE (Nasdaq: VALN; Euronext Paris: VLA)  a specialty vaccine company  today announced that its Chief Executive Officer Thomas Lingelbach and Chief Financial Officer Peter Bühler will present and participate i…,English FrenchSaint-Herblain (France)  November 7  2022 – Valneva SE (Nasdaq: VALN; Euronext Paris: VLA)  a specialty vaccine company  today announced that its Chief Executive Officer Thomas Lingelbach and Chief Financial Officer Peter Bühler will present and participate in 1-on-1 meetings with institutional investors at the Jefferies London Healthcare Conference  to take place November 15-17  2022 in London  England.Additionally  Mr. Lingelbach and Mr. Bühler will participate in a fireside chat on Tuesday  November 15  2022  at 11:30am GMT  to discuss the Company’s late-stage vaccine candidates against chikungunya (VLA1553) and Lyme disease (VLA15)  as well as its commercial products. The webcast will be accessible live via the following link  https://wsw.com/webcast/jeff255/valn/1856007. A replay of the webcast will be available following the live events in the “Investor” section of the Valneva website at www.valneva.com.To request a meeting at the event  please contact your representative at Jefferies.About Valneva SEValneva is a specialty vaccine company focused on the development and commercialization of prophylactic vaccines for infectious diseases with significant unmet medical need. The Company takes a highly specialized and targeted approach to vaccine development and then applies its deep understanding of vaccine science to develop prophylactic vaccines addressing these diseases. Valneva has leveraged its expertise and capabilities both to successfully commercialize three vaccines and to rapidly advance a broad range of vaccine candidates into the clinic  including candidates against Lyme disease and the chikungunya virus.Valneva Investor and Media ContactsLaetitia Bachelot-FontaineVP  Global Communications and European Investor RelationsM +33 (0)6 4516 7099communications@valneva.comJoshua Drumm  Ph.D.VP  Global Investor RelationsM +001 917 815 4520joshua.drumm@valneva.comForward-Looking StatementsThis press release contains certain forward-looking statements relating to the business of Valneva  including with respect to possible regulatory submissions and approval of VLA1553  and timing and plans for clinical programs and product candidates. In addition  even if the actual results or development of Valneva are consistent with the forward-looking statements contained in this press release  those results or developments of Valneva may not be indicative of future results. In some cases  you can identify forward-looking statements by words such as “could ” “should ” “may ” “expects ” “anticipates ” “believes ” “intends ” “estimates ” “aims ” “targets ” or similar words. These forward-looking statements are based on the current expectations of Valneva as of the date of this press release and are subject to a number of known and unknown risks and uncertainties and other factors that may cause actual results  performance or achievements to be materially different from any future results  performance or achievement expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. In particular  the expectations of Valneva could be affected by  among other things  uncertainties involved in the development and manufacture of vaccines  unexpected clinical trial results  unexpected regulatory actions or delays  competition in general  currency fluctuations  the impact of the global and European credit crisis  the ability to obtain or maintain patent or other proprietary intellectual property protection and the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic. In light of these risks and uncertainties  there can be no assurance that the forward-looking statements made in this press release will in fact be realized. Valneva is providing the information in this press release as of the date hereof and disclaims any intention or obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements  whether as a result of new information  future events  or otherwise.Attachment,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,negative,0.0,0.0,1.0,True,English,"['Jefferies London Healthcare Conference', 'Investor Meetings', 'Valneva', 'Chief Financial Officer Peter Bühler', 'other proprietary intellectual property protection', 'significant unmet medical need', 'Jefferies London Healthcare Conference', 'unexpected clinical trial results', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'Mr. Bühler', 'unexpected regulatory actions', 'possible regulatory submissions', 'European credit crisis', 'European Investor Relations', 'specialty vaccine company', 'late-stage vaccine candidates', 'Global Investor Relations', 'clinical programs', 'other factors', 'other things', 'Mr. Lingelbach', 'Investor” section', 'vaccine science', 'The Company', 'actual results', 'future results', 'English French', 'Euronext Paris', 'Thomas Lingelbach', '1-on-1 meetings', 'institutional investors', 'fireside chat', 'Lyme disease', 'commercial products', 'following link', 'live events', 'targeted approach', 'deep understanding', 'broad range', 'Media Contacts', 'Laetitia Bachelot-Fontaine', 'Global Communications', 'Joshua Drumm', 'Ph.D.', 'Forward-Looking Statements', 'press release', 'product candidates', 'currency fluctuations', 'COVID-19 pandemic', 'future events', 'Valneva Investor', 'prophylactic vaccines', 'vaccine development', 'three vaccines', 'infectious diseases', 'chikungunya virus', 'similar words', 'current expectations', 'unknown risks', 'new information', 'Valneva SE', 'Valneva website', 'Saint-Herblain', 'France', 'November', 'VLA', 'place', 'England', 'Tuesday', '11:30am', 'webcast', 'replay', 'representative', 'commercialization', 'specialized', 'expertise', 'capabilities', 'VP', 'business', 'respect', 'approval', 'timing', 'plans', 'addition', 'developments', 'cases', 'expects', 'aims', 'targets', 'number', 'uncertainties', 'performance', 'achievements', 'manufacture', 'delays', 'competition', 'general', 'impact', 'ability', 'patent', 'light', 'assurance', 'intention', 'obligation', 'Attachment']",2022-11-07,2022-11-08,globenewswire.com
12804,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20221107005794/en/Medidata-Gathers-Life-Sciences-Leaders-to-%E2%80%98Solve-Their-Impossible%E2%80%99-at-NEXT-New-York-Conference,Medidata Gathers Life Sciences Leaders to ‘Solve Their Impossible’ at NEXT New York Conference,NEW YORK--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Medidata  a Dassault Systèmes company  will gather hundreds of the best and brightest members of the life sciences industry to explore the latest innovations—from the next generation of clinical data management to scaling decentrali…,NEW YORK--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Medidata  a Dassault Systèmes company  will gather hundreds of the best and brightest members of the life sciences industry to explore the latest innovations—from the next generation of clinical data management to scaling decentralized trials through advanced analytics and patient insights.NEXT New York  November 15-16  will feature interactive experiences along with provocative discussions of the leading issues in clinical trial research. Life sciences’ most innovative thinkers have been invited to “Come Solve Your Impossible” and enable tomorrow’s breakthroughs. A limited number of seats are available. To register please click here.“ NEXT New York will be an experience like no other event in life sciences. We’ve worked to curate a mix of speakers and attendees to generate a unique perspective on solving the most pressing industry challenges ” said Sastry Chilukuri  Medidata co-CEO. “ Our leading  unified clinical trial platform is uniquely positioned to help the industry run tomorrow's trials today and accelerate the development of drugs  vaccines  and medical devices  benefiting patients worldwide.”Following opening remarks from Tarek Sherif  Life Sciences and Healthcare Sector Board Chairman at Dassault Systèmes  Chilukuri  Medidata co-CEO Rama Kondru  and its Patient Cloud CEO Anthony Costello will take the stage for the opening keynote focused on the future of the industry  including the critical elements to consider in building and launching the clinical trials of the future.The agenda sessions organized by industry tracks includes:DCT and the Patient ExperienceBecome a DCT Master: Understanding the Lifecycle of Decentralized Clinical Trials (pre-event session) – Attendees will learn some of the foundational elements of designing decentralized/hybrid clinical trials  and how these advancements in study design impact patients  sponsors  and sites– Attendees will learn some of the foundational elements of designing decentralized/hybrid clinical trials  and how these advancements in study design impact patients  sponsors  and sites Bristol Myers Squibb  Emerson Clinical Research Institute  Meridian Clinical Research - Two Truths and a Lie: What Do Sites REALLY Think About eConsent?- Two Truths and a Lie: What Do Sites REALLY Think About eConsent? Circuit Clinical  Merck  Moderna  ICON  Seagen - The DCT Power Hour- The DCT Power Hour Medidata - Unveiling the new myMedidata App for eCOA: Designer-powered to Expedite Build Times & Study Start UpClinical OperationsModerna - Moderna's Success with End-to-End Risk Detection and Quality Oversight- Moderna's Success with End-to-End Risk Detection and Quality Oversight ACRO (Association of Clinical Research Organizations) - Keeping Up with Quality: Insights on How the Industry is Adopting Risk-Based Quality Management- Keeping Up with Quality: Insights on How the Industry is Adopting Risk-Based Quality Management Moffitt Cancer Center & PTC Therapeutics - Don't Become a Financial Burden! The Power of Collaboration for Financial Success- Don't Become a Financial Burden! The Power of Collaboration for Financial Success PROMETRIKA - Lost in Translation: How to Get Clinical Operations and Data Management to Speak the Same LanguageMedical DeviceAbbott  Conformal Medical - Accelerating Technology Adoption and Patient-centricity in Medical Device Trials- Accelerating Technology Adoption and Patient-centricity in Medical Device Trials ICON Medical Imaging - The Future of Medical Imaging: How Artificial Intelligence can Transform the Medical Device Industry- The Future of Medical Imaging: How Artificial Intelligence can Transform the Medical Device Industry Stryker - Tomorrow's Trials Today: Digital Innovation in Medical DeviceData ManagementModerna  Merck  ICON - The Evolution of eSource and the Revolution in Clinical Data Management- The Evolution of eSource and the Revolution in Clinical Data Management Syneos Health - Solving the EHR to EDC Challenge: A New Perspective  Approach  and Technology- Solving the EHR to EDC Challenge: A New Perspective  Approach  and Technology Seagen - Testing  Testing  123...456: Experiences with the Rave Coder+ Beta ProgramEvidence GenerationPPD - Integrated Diversity Data to Drive More Representative Trials- Integrated Diversity Data to Drive More Representative Trials Johnson & Johnson - Is Data Linkage the Next Big Thing in Real World Evidence?- Is Data Linkage the Next Big Thing in Real World Evidence? Parexel  Emerson Clinical Research Institute  Edwards Lifesciences - Diversity by Design: Making Clinical Trials Equitable- Diversity by Design: Making Clinical Trials Equitable Medidata - Deciding When an External Control Arm is Right for Your TrialFrom Ideation to CommercializationBIOVIA - Bedside to Bench: Model-based Design and Development for Precision Medicine and Novel TherapeuticsIndustry RoundtablesPPD - Diversity in Clinical Trials- Diversity in Clinical Trials Blue Spark Technologies - In a Digital World-What’s Your Digital Strategy? The Benefits of Wearable Sensors in Clinical Trials- In a Digital World-What’s Your Digital Strategy? The Benefits of Wearable Sensors in Clinical Trials International Indirect Tax - Reducing Global Tax Risk Within Clinical Trials: Be in the KnowNEXT New York will be capped off by recognizing the winner of the inaugural Glen de Vries Epic Award  a new honor in memory of Medidata’s co-founder  who tragically passed away in November 2021.NEXT New York is sponsored by some of the top organizations in life sciences  including: PPD  Syneos Health  eClinical  ICON  Labcorp  TempTraq  Caidya  Circuit Clinical  CTI  Everest Clinical Research  Parexel  and PROMETRIKA.Medidata is a wholly owned subsidiary of Dassault Systèmes  which with its 3DEXPERIENCE platform is positioned to lead the digital transformation of life sciences in the age of personalized medicine with the first end-to-end scientific and business platform  from research to commercialization.About MedidataMedidata is leading the digital transformation of life sciences  creating hope for millions of patients. Medidata helps generate the evidence and insights to help pharmaceutical  biotech  medical device and diagnostics companies  and academic researchers accelerate value  2 000+ customers and partners access the world's most trusted platform for clinical development  commercial  and real-world data. Medidata  a Dassault Systèmes company (Euronext Paris: FR0014003TT8  DSY.PA)  is headquartered in New York City and has offices around the world to meet the needs of its customers. Discover more at www.medidata.com and follow us @Medidata.About Dassault SystèmesDassault Systèmes  the 3DEXPERIENCE Company  is a catalyst for human progress. We provide business and people with collaborative 3D virtual environments to imagine sustainable innovations. By creating virtual twin experiences of the real world with our 3DEXPERIENCE platform and applications  our customers push the boundaries of innovation  learning and production to achieve a more sustainable world for patients  citizens  and consumers. Dassault Systèmes brings value to more than 300 000 customers of all sizes  in all industries  in more than 140 countries. For more information  visit www.3ds.com.3DEXPERIENCE  the Compass icon  the 3DS logo  CATIA  BIOVIA  GEOVIA  SOLIDWORKS  3DVIA  ENOVIA  NETVIBES  MEDIDATA  CENTRIC PLM  3DEXCITE  SIMULIA  DELMIA  and IFWE are commercial trademarks or registered trademarks of Dassault Systèmes  a French “société européenne” (Versailles Commercial Register # B 322 306 440)  or its subsidiaries in the United States and/or other countries.,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,mixed,0.5,0.02,0.48,True,English,"['NEXT New York Conference', 'Life Sciences Leaders', 'Medidata Gathers', 'Impossible', 'Risk-Based Quality Management Moffitt Cancer Center', 'Patient Cloud CEO Anthony Costello', 'Same Language Medical Device Abbott', 'leading, unified clinical trial platform', 'Healthcare Sector Board Chairman', 'Rave Coder+ Beta Program', 'Dassault Systèmes company', 'The DCT Power Hour Medidata', 'Emerson Clinical Research Institute', 'More Representative Trials Johnson', 'clinical trial research', 'Meridian Clinical Research', 'Clinical Research Organizations', 'CEO Rama Kondru', 'Bristol Myers Squibb', 'External Control Arm', 'Blue Spark Technologies', 'Next Big Thing', 'new myMedidata App', 'clinical data management', 'Real World Evidence', 'Medical Device Trials', 'decentralized/hybrid clinical trials', 'pressing industry challenges', 'End Risk Detection', 'NEXT New York', 'Medical Device Industry', 'Decentralized Clinical Trials', 'Integrated Diversity Data', 'Financial Success PROMETRIKA', 'ICON Medical Imaging', 'life sciences industry', 'Accelerating Technology Adoption', 'leading issues', 'DCT Master', 'decentralized trials', 'next generation', 'Circuit Clinical', 'Clinical Operations', 'medical devices', 'Conformal Medical', 'Evidence Generation', 'Digital World', 'Data Linkage', 'Patient Experience', 'Quality Oversight', 'New Perspective', 'patient insights', 'Financial Burden', 'BUSINESS WIRE', 'brightest members', 'latest innovations', 'advanced analytics', 'provocative discussions', 'innovative thinkers', 'limited number', 'other event', 'unique perspective', 'opening remarks', 'Tarek Sherif', 'opening keynote', 'critical elements', 'agenda sessions', 'industry tracks', 'pre-event session', 'foundational elements', 'Two Truths', 'Build Times', 'PTC Therapeutics', 'Artificial Intelligence', 'Digital Innovation', 'Syneos Health', 'EDC Challenge', 'Edwards Lifesciences', 'Precision Medicine', 'Novel Therapeutics', 'Industry Roundtables', 'Digital Strategy', 'The Evolution', 'interactive experiences', 'Sastry Chilukuri', 'Technology Seagen', 'impact patients', 'Model-based Design', 'hundreds', 'best', 'Impossible', 'tomorrow', 'breakthroughs', 'seats', 'mix', 'speakers', 'attendees', 'development', 'drugs', 'vaccines', 'stage', 'future', 'Lifecycle', 'advancements', 'study', 'sponsors', 'sites', 'Lie', 'eConsent', 'Merck', 'Moderna', 'eCOA', 'Designer', 'ACRO', 'Association', 'Collaboration', 'Translation', 'Patient-centricity', 'eSource', 'Revolution', 'EHR', 'Approach', 'Testing', 'PPD', 'Parexel', 'Ideation', 'Commercialization', 'BIOVIA', 'Bench', 'Benefits']",2022-11-07,2022-11-08,businesswire.com
12805,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2022/11/07/2550031/0/en/Deinove-Announces-the-Opening-of-Receivership-Proceedings.html,Deinove Announces the Opening of Receivership Proceedings,DEINOVE (Euronext Growth Paris: ALDEI)  a French biotech company  pioneer in the exploration and exploitation of bacterial biodiversity to address the urgent  global challenge of antibiotic resistance  announces that  following the Company's request (press re…,"English FrenchDEINOVE (Euronext Growth Paris: ALDEI)  a French biotech company  pioneer in the exploration and exploitation of bacterial biodiversity to address the urgent  global challenge of antibiotic resistance  announces that  following the Company's request (press release published on October 28  2022)  the Montpellier Commercial Court decided on November 7  2022 to open receivership proceedings (“procédure de redressement judiciaire”) with an observation period (“période d'observation”) of 6 weeks from the opening judgment  during which time the Company will continue its current activities.The Court also appointed the firm FHBX in the person of Maître Jean-François Blanc as receiver (“administrateur judiciaire”).""With the cooperation of the receiver  we will examine all possible recovery solutions"" says Alexis Rideau  Chief Executive Officer of DEINOVE.The purpose of these proceedings is to evaluate all solutions that could enable the Company to continue its business activity  maintain employment  and pay off its liabilities under the best possible conditions  and also to initiate a process to attract investors within the framework of a recovery plan by way of continuation or a sale plan.Regular press releases will be issued as the receivership proceedings progress.The listing of the Company's shares (ISIN: FR0010879056)  which was suspended on October 28  2022  will resume on November 8  2022.ABOUT DEINOVEDEINOVE is a French biotechnology company pioneering the exploration of a new domain of life  unexplored at 99.9%: the “microbial dark matter”. By revealing the metabolic potential of rare bacteria or still classified as uncultivable  it tackles a global health and economic challenge: antimicrobial resistance.The new therapies discovered and developed by DEINOVE target superbugs (microbes that have become resistant to one or more antimicrobials) that cause life-threatening infections which are now spreading at high speed.This breakthrough approach gave rise to one of the world’s first specialized micro-biotechnology platforms and a unique collection of nearly 10 000 rare strains and thousands of bacterial extracts. Today  DEINOVE is conducting several development programs  of which its first antibiotic candidate is currently evaluated in a Phase II clinical trial in severe Clostridioides difficile infection  one of the world’s first emergencies. The Company has also developed new bacterial micro-factories that address the other issue in the race against antimicrobial resistance: the industrial production of these rare and low concentrated compounds with often too complex chemical structures to be generated by chemical synthesis.Located at the heart of the Euromedecine park in Montpellier  DEINOVE has been listed on EURONEXT GROWTH® (ALDEI – code ISIN FR0010879056) since 2010. The Company has 45 employees and relies on a network of world-class academic  technological  industrial and institutional partners.CONTACTSInvestorsMario AlcarazChief Financial and Administrative Officer+33 (0)4 48 19 01 00ir@deinove.comMediaATCG Partners+33 (0)9 81 87 46 72communication@deinove.comAttachment",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.24,0.15,0.61,True,English,"['Receivership Proceedings', 'Deinove', 'Opening', 'Maître Jean-François Blanc', 'procédure de redressement judiciaire', 'Phase II clinical trial', 'severe Clostridioides difficile infection', 'first specialized micro-biotechnology platforms', 'world-class academic, technological, industrial', 'best possible conditions', 'microbial dark matter', 'several development programs', 'low concentrated compounds', 'Regular press releases', 'first antibiotic candidate', 'complex chemical structures', 'Euronext Growth Paris', 'urgent, global challenge', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'new bacterial micro-factories', 'Montpellier Commercial Court', 'possible recovery solutions', 'receivership proceedings progress', 'French biotech company', 'French biotechnology company', 'administrateur judiciaire', 'first emergencies', 'industrial production', 'EURONEXT GROWTH®', 'English French', 'antibiotic resistance', 'The Court', 'recovery plan', 'global health', 'economic challenge', 'chemical synthesis', 'Chief Financial', 'Administrative Officer', 'bacterial biodiversity', 'new domain', 'new therapies', 'bacterial extracts', 'période', 'opening judgment', 'current activities', 'Alexis Rideau', 'business activity', 'sale plan', 'metabolic potential', 'antimicrobial resistance', 'life-threatening infections', 'high speed', 'breakthrough approach', 'unique collection', 'other issue', 'Euromedecine park', 'institutional partners', 'Mario Alcaraz', 'ATCG Partners', 'The Company', 'rare bacteria', '10,000 rare strains', 'observation period', 'DEINOVE', 'ALDEI', 'pioneer', 'exploration', 'exploitation', 'request', 'October', 'November', '6 weeks', 'time', 'firm', 'FHBX', 'person', 'cooperation', 'purpose', 'employment', 'liabilities', 'process', 'investors', 'framework', 'way', 'continuation', 'listing', 'shares', 'superbugs', 'microbes', 'antimicrobials', 'rise', 'thousands', 'race', 'heart', 'code', 'ISIN', '45 employees', 'network', 'CONTACTS', 'Media', 'communication', 'Attachment', '9']",2022-11-07,2022-11-08,globenewswire.com
12806,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2022/11/07/2549236/0/en/Biotalys-announces-participation-at-investor-and-industry-events-for-the-remainder-of-2022.html,Biotalys announces participation at investor and industry events for the remainder of 2022,Ghent  Belgium  Nov. 07  2022 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Biotalys (Euronext - BTLS)  an Agricultural Technology (AgTech) company protecting crops and food with protein-based biocontrol solutions  today announces the upcoming participation of the company in a variety…,"Ghent  Belgium  Nov. 07  2022 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Biotalys (Euronext - BTLS)  an Agricultural Technology (AgTech) company protecting crops and food with protein-based biocontrol solutions  today announces the upcoming participation of the company in a variety of European investor and business events. Biotalys welcomes the opportunity to engage with institutional and retail investors during these events to share the company’s exciting development since its IPO mid last year.North Carolina agriculture investor conferenceNovember 9  2022Research Triangle Park  NC USAPresentation by Patrice Sellès  CEO of BiotalysCrop Science Forum & Awards 20222November 10  2022VirtualBiotalys and its manufacturing partner Olon are finalist in the Award for Best Industry CollaborationKepler Cheuvreux Global AgriFood Forum 2022November 14  2022VirtualPresentation by Biotalys’ management and 1-2-1 meetings with investorsGerman Equity ForumNovember 28-30  2022Frankfurt  GermanyPresentation by company management and 1-2-1 meetings with investorsCanaccord Genuity AgriFood Tech Innovations ForumDecember 1  2022VirtualPresentation by company management and 1-2-1 meetings with investorsBiotalys Shareholders ClubDecember 8  2022Ghent  BelgiumSite visit at Biotalys headquarters for retail investorsBiocontrol & BiomesDecember 13-14  2022Madrid  Spain (hybrid event)Presentation by Luc Maertens  COO of BiotalysAbout BiotalysBiotalys is an Agricultural Technology (AgTech) company protecting crops and food with proprietary protein-based biocontrol solutions and aiming to provide alternatives to conventional chemical pesticides for a more sustainable and safer food supply. Based on its novel AGROBODY™ technology platform  Biotalys is developing a strong and diverse pipeline of effective product candidates with a favorable safety profile that aim to address key crop pests and diseases across the whole value chain  from soil to plate. Biotalys was founded in 2013 as a spin-off from the VIB (Flanders Institute for Biotechnology) and is listed on Euronext Brussels since July 2021. The company is based in the biotech cluster in Ghent  Belgium. More information can be found on www.biotalys.com .For further information  please contactToon Musschoot  Head of IR & CommunicationT: +32 (0)9 274 54 00E: Toon.Musschoot@biotalys.comImportant NoticeThis announcement contains statements which are ""forward-looking statements"" or could be considered as such. These forward-looking statements can be identified by the use of forward-looking terminology  including the words ‘aim’  'believe'  'estimate'  'anticipate'  'expect'  'intend'  'may'  'will'  'plan'  'continue'  'ongoing'  'possible'  'predict'  'plans'  'target'  'seek'  'would' or 'should'  and contain statements made by the company regarding the intended results of its strategy. By their nature  forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties and readers are warned that none of these forward-looking statements offers any guarantee of future performance. The Biotalys actual results may differ materially from those predicted by the forward-looking statements. Biotalys makes no undertaking whatsoever to publish updates or adjustments to these forward-looking statements  unless required to do so by law.",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.38,0.12,0.5,True,English,"['industry events', 'Biotalys', 'participation', 'investor', 'remainder', '2022', 'Canaccord Genuity AgriFood Tech Innovations Forum', 'Kepler Cheuvreux Global AgriFood Forum', 'North Carolina agriculture investor conference', 'novel AGROBODY™ technology platform', 'proprietary protein-based biocontrol solutions', 'Crop Science Forum', 'German Equity Forum', 'Research Triangle Park', 'Patrice Sellès', 'Best Industry Collaboration', 'conventional chemical pesticides', 'effective product candidates', 'favorable safety profile', 'key crop pests', 'safer food supply', 'Biotalys Shareholders Club', 'European investor', 'Agricultural Technology', 'GLOBE NEWSWIRE', 'upcoming participation', 'exciting development', 'NC USA', 'manufacturing partner', '1-2-1 meetings', 'Site visit', 'hybrid event', 'Luc Maertens', 'diverse pipeline', 'value chain', 'Flanders Institute', 'biotech cluster', 'Important Notice', 'forward-looking terminology', 'intended results', 'future performance', 'actual results', 'looking statements', 'business events', 'Euronext Brussels', 'More information', 'retail investors', 'company management', 'Biotalys’ management', 'Biotalys headquarters', 'The Biotalys', 'Toon Musschoot', 'AgTech) company', 'Ghent', 'Belgium', 'BTLS', 'crops', 'variety', 'opportunity', 'institutional', 'IPO', 'Presentation', 'CEO', 'Awards', 'Virtual', 'Olon', 'finalist', 'November', 'Frankfurt', 'Germany', 'December', 'Biomes', 'Madrid', 'Spain', 'COO', 'alternatives', 'sustainable', 'strong', 'diseases', 'soil', 'plate', 'spin-off', 'VIB', 'Biotechnology', 'July', 'Communication', 'announcement', 'use', 'words', 'plans', 'target', 'strategy', 'nature', 'risks', 'uncertainties', 'readers', 'none', 'guarantee', 'updates', 'adjustments', 'law']",2022-11-07,2022-11-08,globenewswire.com
12807,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2022/11/07/2550024/0/en/COFACE-SA-Disclosure-of-total-number-of-voting-rights-and-number-of-shares-in-the-capital-as-at-31-October-2022.html,COFACE SA: Disclosure of total number of voting rights and number of shares in the capital as at 31 October 2022,COFACE SA: Disclosure of total number of voting rights and number of shares in the capital as at 31 October 2022  Paris  7th November 2022 – 17.45...,About CofaceCOFACE SA is a société anonyme (joint-stock corporation)  with a Board of Directors (Conseil d’Administration) incorporated under the laws of France  and is governed by the provisions of the French Commercial Code. The Company is registered with the Nanterre Trade and Companies Register (Registre du Commerce et des Sociétés) under the number 432 413 599. The Company’s registered office is at 1 Place Costes et Bellonte  92270 Bois Colombes  France.At the date of 31 October 2022  the Company’s share capital amounts to €300 359 584  divided into 150 179 792 shares  all of the same class  and all of which are fully paid up and subscribed.All regulated information is available on the company’s website (http://www.coface.com/Investors).Coface SA. is listed on Euronext Paris – Compartment AISIN: FR0010667147 / Ticker: COFA,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,True,English,"['COFACE SA', 'voting rights', 'total number', 'Disclosure', 'shares', 'capital', '31\xa0October', 'société anonyme', 'French Commercial Code', 'Sociétés', 'joint-stock corporation', 'Nanterre Trade', 'Companies Register', 'Registre du', 'registered office', '1 Place Costes', 'Bois Colombes', 'same class', 'regulated information', 'Euronext Paris', 'Compartment A', 'COFACE SA', 'The Company', 'Board', 'Directors', 'Conseil', 'laws', 'France', 'provisions', 'Commerce', 'number', 'Bellonte', 'date', '31 October', 'share', 'capital', 'website', 'Investors', 'ISIN', 'Ticker']",2022-11-07,2022-11-08,globenewswire.com
12808,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20221107005783/en/Eurazeo-Announces-Sale-of-Majority-Ownership-Position-in-NEST-New-York-to-North-Castle-Partners-Led-Investor-Group,Eurazeo Announces Sale of Majority Ownership Position in NEST New York to North Castle Partners Led Investor Group,PARIS--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Eurazeo  a leading global investment company with a diversified portfolio of €32.5 billion in assets under management  today announced that it has reached an agreement to sell its majority ownership position in NEST New York (“NEST” or…,PARIS--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Eurazeo  a leading global investment company with a diversified portfolio of €32.5 billion in assets under management  today announced that it has reached an agreement to sell its majority ownership position in NEST New York (“NEST” or the “Company”)  a leading fragrance lifestyle brand  in a transaction that values NEST at approximately $200 million. Under the terms of the transaction  an investor group led by North Castle Partners (“North Castle”)  a consumer-focused private equity firm  will purchase a majority stake in NEST  with Eurazeo and NEST Founder Laura Slatkin retaining minority ownership positions. Following the close of this transaction  Eurazeo's invested equity capital will yield a return of approximately 2.7x.Eurazeo’s Brands Division launched in May 2017 and NEST was its debut investment. Under Eurazeo’s management  NEST’s leadership team accelerated product innovation  expanded brand awareness and significantly increased the brand’s digital penetration. As a result  overall brand sales tripled  direct-to-consumer sales increased 10-fold and EBITDA margins significantly expanded. NEST is the leading luxury home fragrance brand in the U.S.  a top 10 women’s fine fragrance brand at Sephora and continues to be recognized for its innovation  having won two 2022 Allure Best of Beauty awards and having been named “Best New Beauty Brand” in the U.K. by The Fragrance Foundation.Laura Slatkin  Founder of NEST New York  said: “Since I founded NEST in 2008  I have been fortunate to have exceptional partners that have helped the brand solidify its position as one of the world’s most trusted and highly regarded fragrance brands. I am deeply grateful for Eurazeo’s partnership and expertise  which have enabled the business to flourish and deliver impressive growth over the past five years. As the brand embarks on its next chapter of growth  I look forward to partnering with North Castle and reuniting with Rich Gersten  whom I have had the pleasure of working with in the past.”Maria Dempsey  CEO of NEST New York  said: “NEST New York is a beloved fragrance lifestyle brand that has seen explosive growth over the past several years due to a laser-focus on product innovation  new customer acquisition  digital expansion and creative storytelling. This significant growth has been achieved with our exceptional team of professionals  strong retailer partnerships and a highly collaborative relationship with Eurazeo. We are thrilled to be working alongside the North Castle team on this next phase of growth.”Jill Granoff  Managing Partner of Eurazeo and CEO of Eurazeo’s Brands Division  said: “Laura  Maria and the NEST team have been exemplary partners  and together  we have built the NEST brand and driven tremendous value creation. We look forward to working with North Castle Partners on the next chapter of NEST’s growth to leverage the Company’s strong foundation and expand the business globally.”Hemanshu Patel  Partner at North Castle Partners  noted: “We’re very excited to partner with Eurazeo and the management team at NEST and welcome the Company into North Castle’s family of health and wellness focused brands that are leaders in their respective categories. It’s an ideal situation for us with Rich Gersten  Beauty Industry Advisor at North Castle Partners  having worked with Laura and NEST in the past.” Rich Gersten added: “I have always been a huge fan of the brand and its potential  and it is exciting to partner with NEST once again at this inflection point to expand the brand’s reach across categories and geographies.”NEST represents North Castle’s second beauty and personal care investment in the last two years. North Castle has spent more than two decades partnering with entrepreneurs and management teams to scale brands and unlock the full potential of companies in the Healthy  Active and Sustainable Living sector.The transaction is expected to close at the end of November. Perella Weinberg Partners LP acted as financial advisor to NEST.ABOUT EURAZEOEurazeo is a leading global investment company  with a diversified portfolio of €32.5 billion in assets under management  including nearly €23.4 billion from third parties  invested in 530 companies. With its considerable private equity  private debt as well as real estate and infrastructure asset expertise  Eurazeo accompanies companies of all sizes  supporting their development through the commitment of its nearly 360 professionals and by offering deep sector expertise  a gateway to global markets  and a responsible and stable foothold for transformational growth. Its solid institutional and family shareholder base  robust financial structure free of structural debt  and flexible investment horizon enable Eurazeo to support its companies over the long term.Eurazeo has offices in Paris  New York  London  Frankfurt  Berlin  Milan  Madrid  Luxembourg  Shanghai  Seoul  Singapore and Sao Paulo.Eurazeo is listed on Euronext Paris.ISIN: FR0000121121 - Bloomberg: RF FP - Reuters: EURA.PAABOUT NORTH CASTLE PARTNERSNorth Castle Partners is a leading private equity firm focused on investments in consumer driven product and service businesses that promote healthy  active  and sustainable living. North Castle is a hands-on  value-added investor in high-growth  middle-market companies in the (i) fitness  recreation & sports  (ii) beauty & personal care  (iii) home & leisure (iv) nutrition sectors  and (v) consumer health among others. North Castle's current portfolio includes well-known brands such as Glow Recipe  Barry's Bootcamp  CR Fitness  HydroMassage  BlueRoot Health  Five Iron Golf  Sparx Hockey  Genexa  VitaCup  Mack Weldon and Echelon. Prior portfolio company holdings include Contigo  SmartyPants Vitamins  Full Swing  Atkins Nutritionals  Jenny Craig  Octane Fitness  Cascade  Equinox Fitness  EAS  Doctor's Dermatologic Formula  Naked Juice  Flatout Flatbread  and Avalon Organics / Alba Botanicals. North Castle partners with management teams and entrepreneurial founders to bring a wide range of strategic and operational capabilities to build world-class companies by unlocking the exponential power of full potential partnerships. North Castle is headquartered in Greenwich  CT.ABOUT NEST NEW YORKNEST New York is a fast-growing  leading fragrance lifestyle brand offering a full range of innovative and award-winning Home Fragrance  Fine Fragrance  Personal Care and Fragrance Technology products. Launched in 2008 by fragrance authority Laura Slatkin  NEST products have captured the hearts and households of so many people. The brand is known for its outstanding product quality  extraordinary fragrances and timeless  classic design. The brand’s products are sold through a growing network of beauty specialty stores  luxury department stores  boutiques and spas  and the brand’s online hub NESTNewYork.com.Forward-Looking StatementsCertain information contained in this press release constitutes “forward-looking statements ” which  in some cases  can be identified by the use of forward-looking terminology such as “may ” “can ” “will ” “should ” “would ” “seek ” “expect ” “anticipate ” “forecast ” “project ” “estimate ” “intend ” “continue ” “target ” “plan ” “hope ” or “believe” or the negatives thereof or other variations thereon or comparable terminology  although not all forward-looking statements contain these words. These forward-looking statements are based on management's beliefs  as well as assumptions made by  and information available to  Eurazeo as of the date hereof. Due to various risks and uncertainties  actual events or results  market conditions  investment opportunities or the actual performance of Eurazeo’s investments may differ materially from those reflected or contemplated in such forward-looking statements.Certain statements about Eurazeo made by portfolio company executives herein are intended to illustrate Eurazeo’s business relationship with such persons  including with respect to Eurazeo’s facilities as a business partner  rather than Eurazeo’s capabilities or expertise with respect to investment advisory services. Portfolio company executives were not compensated in connection with their participation  although they generally receive compensation and investment opportunities in connection with their portfolio company roles  and in certain cases are also owners of portfolio company securities and/or investors in Eurazeo-sponsored vehicles.,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.87,0.13,0.0,True,English,"['Majority Ownership Position', 'NEST New York', 'North Castle Partners', 'Investor Group', 'Eurazeo', 'Sale', 'leading luxury home fragrance brand', 'Perella Weinberg Partners LP', 'consumer-focused private equity firm', 'leading fragrance lifestyle brand', 'leading global investment company', 'personal care investment', 'flexible investment horizon', 'NEST Founder Laura Slatkin', 'minority ownership positions', 'tremendous value creation', 'Sustainable Living sector', 'considerable private equity', 'The Fragrance Foundation', 'new customer acquisition', 'two 2022 Allure Best', 'last two years', 'fine fragrance brand', 'strong retailer partnerships', 'robust financial structure', 'infrastructure asset expertise', 'deep sector expertise', 'North Castle Part', 'past five years', 'past several years', 'wellness focused brands', 'family shareholder base', 'Beauty Industry Advisor', 'overall brand sales', 'majority ownership position', 'North Castle team', 'NEST New York', 'fragrance brands', 'global markets', 'debut investment', 'equity capital', 'strong foundation', 'financial advisor', 'private debt', 'exceptional partners', 'exemplary partners', 'two decades', 'majority stake', 'consumer sales', 'Beauty Brand', 'Beauty awards', 'second beauty', 'brand awareness', 'leadership team', 'exceptional team', 'diversified portfolio', 'investor group', 'Brands Division', 'digital penetration', 'EBITDA margins', 'U.S.', 'top 10 women', 'U.K.', 'next chapter', 'Rich Gersten', 'digital expansion', 'creative storytelling', 'collaborative relationship', 'next phase', 'Jill Granoff', 'Hemanshu Patel', 'ideal situation', 'huge fan', 'inflection point', 'Healthy, Active', 'third parties', 'real estate', 'stable foothold', 'solid institutional', 'structural debt', 'long term', 'Sao Paulo', 'RF FP', 'EURA.PA', 'NEST brand', 'NEST team', 'product innovation', 'management team', 'impressive growth', 'explosive growth', 'significant growth', 'transformational growth', 'Maria Dempsey', 'Managing Partner', 'respective categories', 'full potential', 'BUSINESS WIRE', 'Euronext Paris', 'Eurazeo', 'assets', 'agreement', 'transaction', 'terms', 'close', 'return', 'May', 'result', 'Sephora', 'world', 'pleasure', 'CEO', 'beloved', 'laser-focus', 'professionals', 'reach', 'geographies', 'entrepreneurs', 'companies', 'November', 'sizes', 'development', 'commitment', 'gateway', 'responsible', 'offices', 'London', 'Frankfurt', 'Berlin', 'Milan', 'Madrid', 'Luxembourg', 'Shanghai', 'Seoul', 'Singapore', 'ISIN', 'Bloomberg', 'Reuters']",2022-11-07,2022-11-08,businesswire.com
12809,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2022/11/07/2550044/0/en/EDF-Information-regarding-the-voting-rights-and-shares-Article-L-233-8-II-of-the-French-Commercial-Code-and-223-16-of-the-General-Regulations-of-the-AMF.html,EDF: Information regarding the voting rights and shares (Article L.233-8-II of the French Commercial Code and 223-16 of the General Regulations of the “AMF”),7 November 2022  Information regarding the voting rights and shares  (Article L.233-8-II of the French Commercial Code   and 223-16 of the General......,English French7 November 2022Information regarding the voting rights and shares(Article L.233-8-II of the French Commercial Codeand 223-16 of the General Regulations of the “AMF”)Listing location: NYSE Euronext-ParisCompartiment: Eurolist AISIN code: FR 0010242511Date Total number of shares Total number of voting rights 31 October 20223 886 581 084Number of theoretical voting rights:6 551 527 134 Number of exercisable voting rights:6 550 638 623*Number of exercisable voting rights = Number of theoretical voting rights (or total number of voting rights calculated on the basis of all shares to which voting rights are attached) – number of shares without voting rights.Attachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['French Commercial Code', 'voting rights', 'General Regulations', 'EDF', 'Information', 'shares', 'Article', 'AMF', 'NYSE Euronext-Paris Compartiment', 'French Commercial Code', 'theoretical voting rights', 'exercisable voting rights', 'English French', 'ISIN code', 'General Regulations', 'Listing location', 'Eurolist A', 'Total number', 'November', 'Information', 'shares', 'Article', 'AMF', 'Date', 'basis', 'Attachment']",2022-11-07,2022-11-08,globenewswire.com
12810,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2022/11/07/2549313/0/en/Hashdex-and-Vinter-Launch-First-of-its-kind-Crypto-ETP.html,Hashdex and Vinter Launch First-of-its-kind Crypto ETP,Offers European Investors Access to Unique Index-Based Product  LONDON  ZURICH  NEW YORK  RIO DE JANEIRO - 7 November  2022 - Hashdex  a leading global......,Offers European Investors Access to Unique Index-Based ProductLONDON  ZURICH  NEW YORK  RIO DE JANEIRO - 7 November  2022 - Hashdex   a leading global crypto-focused investing company  today announced it has partnered with Vinter  the crypto index provider  for the launch of the Hashdex Crypto Momentum Factor ETP (exchange-traded product). The first-of-its-kind investment vehicle is designed to enable institutional investors to capitalize on trending crypto assets that are experiencing upward price momentum. The product is the first crypto index ETP based on the momentum factor and is now listed on the SIX Swiss Exchange  and Xetra under ticker symbols “HAMO” and “HDXM”  respectively. The product will also be listed on EuroNext under the ticker symbol “HAMO” on Wednesday  November 9th. Trading for the Hashdex Crypto Momentum Factor ETP will also roll out over the following days  beginning today on the SIX Swiss Exchange and then subsequently on November 8th on Xetra and November 9th on EuroNext. The prospectus  final terms  and other documents related to the product can be found here .“To attract institutional investors  it is necessary to create innovative products”  said Jacob Lindberg  CEO of Vinter. “The Vinter Hashdex Risk Parity Momentum Index is an innovative index - it allocates to the top performing crypto assets  while limiting the risk. Hashdex is one of the largest crypto asset investing companies globally  and we are pleased to partner with them to launch this ETP in the European market.”The new ETP tracks the Vinter Hashdex Risk Parity Momentum Index  co-developed by Hashdex and Vinter  and contains 12 large-cap crypto assets that are eligible on key European exchanges and exhibit relatively higher price momentum. The ETP limits the risk contribution of any single underlying asset and is rebalanced monthly. At launch  and as of the index’s last rebalancing  the four largest constituents accounting for 53% of the portfolio are Tron (17.94%)  XRP (12.28%)  Polygon (12.21%) and Binance Coin (10.63%). This allocation provides unique exposure compared to a market cap index and demonstrates the differentiation of the momentum approach. The top four allocations represent the crypto-assets with the best relative risk adjusted price performance  and the weights are determined in a quantitative and rules-based manner  providing exposure to assets that other more traditional approaches do not offer.Bruno Sousa  Head of New Markets at Hashdex adds  “There is an increasing appetite from investors to invest in high momentum crypto assets  and we are delighted to be able to offer this within our latest product. Vinter has a highly experienced team with an excellent track record  and provided the on-demand quantitative data we needed to support the creation of this unique product that expands our product offering beyond traditional investment strategies.”The launch of the Hashdex Crypto Momentum Factor ETP and its corresponding Vinter Hashdex Risk Parity Momentum Index builds on Hashdex’s ongoing expansion efforts in both Europe and worldwide. In May 2022  the firm launched its first European product: the Hashdex Nasdaq Crypto Index Europe ETP on the SIX Swiss Exchange  which has seen strong net inflows since its listing despite challenging market conditions. The Hashdex Nasdaq Crypto Index Europe ETP is now tradable on the Euronext Paris and Euronext Amsterdam under the ticker symbols HASH FP and HASH NA  respectively  and on Xetra under the ticker symbol HDX1 GY.Further details about the Vinter Hashdex Risk Parity Momentum Index and corresponding ETP can be found here .About VinterVinter is Europe’s fastest-growing index provider specialised in crypto assets  playing a key role in the emerging crypto ETF industry. The firm collects digital asset data from hundreds of sources  transforming proprietary strategies into investable products. For more information  please visit www.vinter.co.About HashdexHashdex is a global pioneer in crypto investing. Hashdex's simple and secure products invite innovative investors to join the emerging crypto economy. Hashdex's mission is to provide educational resources and best-in-class products that advance its efforts to build pathways to prosperity by opening the crypto ecosystem to the world. In 2021  Hashdex introduced the world's first crypto ETFs and other innovative products  enabling over 260 000 investors to simply and securely add crypto to their portfolios. For more information visit www.hashdex.comPress ContactsVinterBen Heathben@mvpr.ioHashdexEuropeEUPR@hashdex.comSwitzerland German speaking related queries: hashdex@pio-com.deGermany related queries: hashdex@pio-com.deFrance related queries: alban.saintjoigny@backbone.consultingSwitzerland French speaking queries: alban.saintjoigny@backbone.consultingUnited StatesKendal Till/Josh GerthDukas Linden Public RelationsHashdex@DLPR.comJack S. SongHashdexjack.song@hashdex.comDisclaimer:__________________________This marketing communication has been prepared by Hashdex AG  a company organized under the laws of Switzerland and does not constitute  nor form part of  an offer or invitation to subscribe  purchase  sell or otherwise dispose of any financial product issued by Hashdex AG.Financial products issued by Hashdex AG have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the Securities Act) or with any securities regulatory authority of any State or other jurisdiction of the United States and (i) may not be offered  sold or delivered within the United States to  or for the account or benefit of U.S. Persons (as defined in Regulation S (Regulation S) under the Securities Act)  except pursuant to an exemption from  or in a transaction not subject to  the registration requirements of the Securities Act and applicable state securities laws and (ii) may be offered  sold or otherwise delivered at any time only to transferees that are Non-United States Persons (as defined by the U.S. Commodities Futures Trading Commission (CFTC)).The products have been issued under Hashdex AG’s base prospectus dated 13 April 2022  in Switzerland  and under Hashdex AG’s base prospectus dated 12 August 2022  in the European Union (the Base Prospectus). The Base Prospectus and the relevant Final Terms are available via the following hyperlink https://hashdex.com/en-EU/document-center .The approval of the Base Prospectus should not be understood as an endorsement of the products by the competent authority which has approved said prospectus. Potential investors are strongly recommended to read the entire Base Prospectus and the relevant Final Terms  before making an investment decision in order to fully understand the potential risks and rewards associated with the decision to invest in the products. You are about to purchase a product that is not simple and may be difficult to understand.This marketing communication itself does not purport to be full or complete. No reliance should  for any purpose  be placed on this marketing communication. Further  it is subject to change at any time.,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.74,0.11,0.15,True,English,"['Crypto ETP', 'Hashdex', 'Vinter', 'kind', 'Josh Gerth Dukas Linden Public Relations Hashdex', 'best relative risk adjusted price performance', 'The Vinter Hashdex Risk Parity Momentum Index', 'corresponding Vinter Hashdex Risk Parity Momentum Index', 'The Hashdex Nasdaq Crypto Index Europe ETP', 'leading global crypto-focused investing company', 'largest crypto asset investing companies', 'Hashdex Crypto Momentum Factor ETP', 'first crypto index ETP', 'emerging crypto ETF industry', 'high momentum crypto assets', 'German speaking related queries', 'top performing crypto assets', 'upward price momentum', 'higher price momentum', 'crypto index provider', 'growing index provider', 'market cap index', 'emerging crypto economy', 'first crypto ETFs', 'four largest constituents', 'French speaking queries', 'single underlying asset', 'Germany related queries', 'France related queries', 'trending crypto assets', '12 large-cap crypto assets', 'top four allocations', 'The ETP', 'digital asset data', 'kind investment vehicle', 'SIX Swiss Exchange', 'excellent track record', 'strong net inflows', 'challenging market conditions', 'corresponding ETP', 'key European exchanges', 'traditional investment strategies', 'ongoing expansion efforts', 'Jack S. Song', 'first European product', 'crypto investing', 'European Investors Access', 'Unique Index-Based Product', 'risk contribution', 'innovative index', 'momentum approach', 'other innovative products', 'new ETP', 'crypto ecosystem', 'global pioneer', 'European market', 'Hashdex AG', 'traditional approaches', 'key role', 'proprietary strategies', 'investable products', 'secure products', 'class products', 'unique product', 'innovative investors', 'NEW YORK', 'DE JANEIRO', 'ticker symbols', 'following days', 'final terms', 'other documents', 'Jacob Lindberg', 'last rebalancing', 'Binance Coin', 'rules-based manner', 'Bruno Sousa', 'New Markets', 'increasing appetite', 'experienced team', 'quantitative data', 'HASH FP', 'HASH NA', 'HDX1 GY', 'Further details', 'educational resources', 'Press Contacts', 'Ben Heath', 'United States', 'Kendal Till', 'marketing communication', 'unique exposure', 'institutional investors', 'exchange-traded product', 'latest product', 'Euronext Paris', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'Vinter.', '260,000 investors', 'LONDON', 'ZURICH', '7 November', 'launch', 'Xetra', 'HAMO', 'HDXM', 'Wednesday', 'Trading', 'prospectus', 'CEO', 'portfolio', 'XRP', 'Polygon', 'differentiation', 'crypto-assets', 'weights', 'Head', 'demand', 'creation', 'worldwide', 'May', 'firm', 'listing', 'hundreds', 'information', 'simple', 'mission', 'pathways', 'prosperity', 'Switzerland', 'alban', 'saintjoigny', 'backbone', 'DLPR', 'Disclaimer']",2022-11-07,2022-11-08,globenewswire.com
12811,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2022/11/07/2550046/0/en/CROSSJECT-Big-improvement-in-the-Ga%C3%AFa-social-and-environmental-rating-Further-proof-of-CROSSJECT-s-commitment.html,CROSSJECT - Big improvement in the Gaïa social and environmental rating - Further proof of CROSSJECT’s commitment,Press Release   Big improvement in the Gaïa social and environmental rating   Further proof of CROSSJECT’s commitment   Dijon  7 November 2022 at 6pm...,French EnglishPress ReleaseBig improvement in theGaïa social and environmental ratingFurther proof of CROSSJECT’s commitmentDijon  7 November 2022 at 6pm (CET)CROSSJECT (ISIN: FR0011716265; Ticker: ALCJ)  a specialty pharma company that is developing and will soon be marketing a portfolio of drug / device combinations for use in emergency situations  is proud to announce a significant improvement in its Gaïa rating  with an overall score of 60/100 vs 46 last year. As a reminder  Gaïa Rating is an ESG rating agency used by leading asset management companies in their management process and investment decisions.CROSSJECT first undertook to adopt an active approach to achieve the best environmental  social and governance (ESG) reporting standards in 2019  and can confirm significant new improvements on all the criteria analysed by Gaïa  further to the other awards received to date this year.More than just compliance with constantly changing standards  ESG management for CROSSJECT is clearly embedded in its broader development strategy and operating performance. As reflected in its commitment to the chemical industry’s “Responsible Care” programme  CROSSJECT continues to work tirelessly for continuous improvement in the areas of environmental protection  health and safety.Patrick Alexandre  Crossject CEO  said: “We are very keen to improve our Gaïa score  which objectively reflects our tireless efforts to achieve the best social and environmental standards. Our decision to accept benchmarking resonates perfectly with the spirit of our CSR strategy: embrace requirements voluntarily before they become constraints!”Contacts:CrossjectPatrick Alexandreinfo@crossject.com Investor relationsAELIUMJérôme GACOIN +33 (0) 1 75 77 54 67crossject@aelium.frPress relationsBuzz & CompagnieMélanie Voisard +33 (0)6 12 52 53 15melanie.voisard@buzzetcompagnie.comChristelle Distinguin +33 (0)6 09 96 51 70christelle.distinguin@buzzetcompagnie.comAbout CROSSJECT• www.crossject.comCROSSJECT (ISIN: FR0011716265; Ticker: ALCJ; LEI: 969500W1VTFNL2D85A65) is developing and is soon to market a portfolio of drugs dedicated to emergency situations: epilepsy  overdose  allergic shock  severe migraine and asthma attack. Thanks to its patented needlefree self-injection system  Crossject aims to become the world leader in self-administered emergency drugs. The company has been listed on the Euronext Growth market in Paris since 2014; it receives funding from the United States BARDA (Biomedical Advanced Research and Development Authority) and from Bpifrance.Attachment,positive,0.87,0.13,0.0,mixed,0.66,0.17,0.17,True,English,"['Gaïa social', 'Big improvement', 'environmental rating', 'Further proof', 'CROSSJECT', 'commitment', 'Jérôme GACOIN', 'patented needlefree self-injection system', 'French English Press Release', 'leading asset management companies', 'Responsible Care” programme', 'Euronext Growth market', 'United States BARDA', 'Biomedical Advanced Research', 'significant new improvements', 'ESG rating agency', 'Gaïa rating', 'Gaïa social', 'Gaïa score', 'specialty pharma company', 'ESG) reporting standards', 'broader development strategy', 'Mélanie Voisard', 'best environmental, social', 'self-administered emergency drugs', 'Crossject Patrick Alexandre', 'ESG management', 'best social', 'environmental rating', 'Press relations', 'management process', 'environmental standards', 'significant improvement', 'overall score', 'CSR strategy', 'Development Authority', 'emergency situations', 'changing standards', 'environmental protection', 'Big improvement', 'Further proof', 'device combinations', 'investment decisions', 'active approach', 'other awards', 'operating performance', 'chemical industry', 'continuous improvement', 'tireless efforts', 'Investor relations', 'allergic shock', 'severe migraine', 'asthma attack', 'world leader', 'Christelle Distinguin', 'Crossject CEO', 'commitment', 'Dijon', '7 November', '6pm', 'CET', 'Ticker', 'ALCJ', 'portfolio', 'use', 'reminder', 'governance', 'criteria', 'date', 'compliance', 'constantly', 'areas', 'health', 'safety', 'benchmarking', 'spirit', 'requirements', 'constraints', 'Contacts', 'AELIUM', 'Buzz', 'Compagnie', 'LEI', 'epilepsy', 'overdose', 'Paris', 'funding', 'Bpifrance', 'Attachment']",2022-11-07,2022-11-08,globenewswire.com
12812,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2022/11/07/2550034/0/en/Launch-of-a-share-buyback-program.html,Launch of a share buyback program,Paris  7th November 2022 – As part of Ipsos' 4-year plan  which was announced both in a press release and during its Investor Day presentation on 14 June  2022  the Company's priorities in the area of capital allocation and the return of value to shareholders…,"English FrenchParis  7th November 2022 – As part of Ipsos' 4-year plan  which was announced both in a press release and during its Investor Day presentation on 14 June  2022  the Company's priorities in the area of capital allocation and the return of value to shareholders include the launch of a new share buyback program of up to 2% of the share capital per year subject to market conditions.This program comes on top of Ipsos’ existing annual share repurchases implemented to compensate for the dilution from Ipsos’ free share and option plans for managers and employees.To this end  the Company will proceed  between now and 28 December 2022  with a first tranche of share repurchases with a view to their cancellation  up to an amount of approximately 10 million euros  corresponding to approximately 0.5% of its share capital at the closing price on 4 November 2022 (47.85 euros)  in accordance with the terms and conditions of the authorizations granted by the Combined General Meeting held on 17 May 2022 (Resolutions 23 and 24).Ipsos reserves the right to suspend the program at any time depending on market conditions or the implementation of its investment strategy.A description of this share buyback program is available on the Company's website (www.ipsos.com) in the section entitled ""Investors""  and in the subsection relating to regulated information.ABOUT IPSOSIpsos is one of the largest market research companies in the world  present in 90 markets and employing more than 18 000 people.Our passionately curious research professionals  analysts and scientists have built unique multi-specialist capabilities that provide true understanding and powerful insights into the actions  opinions and motivations of citizens  consumers  patients  customers or employees. Our 75 solutions are based on primary data from our surveys  social media monitoring  and qualitative or observational techniques.Our tagline ""Game Changers"" sums up our ambition to help our 5 000 customers move confidently through a rapidly changing world.Founded in France in 1975  Ipsos has been listed on the Euronext Paris since July 1  1999. The company is part of the SBF 120 and Mid-60 indices and is eligible for the Deferred Settlement Service (SRD). ISIN code FR0000073298  Reuters ISOS.PA  Bloomberg IPS:FPwww.ipsos.comAttachment",neutral,0.3,0.7,0.01,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,True,English,"['share buyback program', 'Launch', 'Ipsos’ existing annual share repurchases', 'largest market research companies', 'new share buyback program', 'curious research professionals', 'Investor Day presentation', 'Combined General Meeting', 'unique multi-specialist capabilities', 'social media monitoring', 'Deferred Settlement Service', ""Ipsos' 4-year plan"", 'Ipsos’ free share', 'share capital', 'market conditions', 'English French', 'press release', 'capital allocation', 'option plans', 'first tranche', 'closing price', 'investment strategy', 'regulated information', 'true understanding', 'powerful insights', 'primary data', 'observational techniques', 'Game Changers', 'Mid-60 indices', 'ISIN code', 'Reuters ISOS', 'Bloomberg IPS', '10 million euros', 'changing world', 'Euronext Paris', '47.85 euros', '7th', 'part', '14 June', 'Company', 'priorities', 'area', 'return', 'value', 'shareholders', 'launch', 'top', 'dilution', 'managers', 'employees', 'end', '28 December', 'view', 'cancellation', 'amount', '4 November', 'accordance', 'terms', 'authorizations', '17 May', 'Resolutions', 'right', 'time', 'implementation', 'description', 'website', 'section', 'Investors', '90 markets', '18,000 people', 'analysts', 'scientists', 'actions', 'opinions', 'motivations', 'citizens', 'consumers', 'patients', 'customers', '75 solutions', 'surveys', 'qualitative', 'tagline', 'ambition', 'France', 'July', 'SBF 120', 'SRD', 'Attachment']",2022-11-07,2022-11-08,globenewswire.com
12813,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://ca.sports.yahoo.com/news/fairmont-accor-live-limitless-launch-134300310.html,Fairmont & ALL – Accor Live Limitless Launch ‘Beyond LIMITS': A New Collection of Boundary-Pushing Experiences Across North & Central America,UNEXPECTED  LIMITED-TIME EXPERIENCES TAKE TRAVELERS ON EXCLUSIVE JOURNEYS AIMED AT ACTIVATING THE SENSES  AND INSPIRING AWE & WONDER Beyond Limits Campaign Unexpected  limited-time experiences take travellers on exclusive journeys Beyond Limits Campaign Four …,UNEXPECTED  LIMITED-TIME EXPERIENCES TAKE TRAVELERS ON EXCLUSIVE JOURNEYS AIMED AT ACTIVATING THE SENSES  AND INSPIRING AWE & WONDERBeyond Limits CampaignUnexpected  limited-time experiences take travellers on exclusive journeysBeyond Limits CampaignFour of Accor's newest boundary-pushing experiencesToronto  Canada  Nov. 07  2022 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Fairmont Hotels & Resorts announces the official debut of ‘Beyond LIMITS’  an exciting new collection of first-of-their-kind  awe-inspiring experiences available exclusively at iconic Fairmont properties  and other ALL – Accor Live Limitless hotels  across North & Central America. ‘Beyond LIMITS’ is designed to defy convention  shatter the boundaries of expectation  and elevate the luxury experience beyond what was previously thought possible. Each highly exclusive  immersive experience is as unexpected as it is unforgettable  carefully crafted to lead travelers on a journey of discovery  to find something new within the destination  the hotel and themselves.‘Beyond LIMITS’ kicks off the first week of November 2022  with signature limited-time experiences slated through March 2023 – including:Story continues“When everyone and everything in the travel space claims to be ‘luxurious’  the term loses its genuine value as a point of exclusivity and differentiation. So we posed the question – ‘how can we breathe life back into the luxury experience  what it truly means to go above and beyond expectations  in the limitless ways our Fairmont guests and ALL members deserve?’ ” said Jeff Doane  Chief Commercial Officer  Accor North & Central America. “With ‘Beyond LIMITS’  we are able to redefine luxury  by challenging the norms of what is expected. We pushed ourselves and our teams to go beyond everything that had been done before  and the result is a collection of experiences that are highly inventive and exclusive  that must actually be seen to be believed. That is ‘Beyond LIMITS’.”To learn more or to book a ‘Beyond LIMITS’ experience  visit www.ALLbeyondLIMITS.com. Even more adventures await – including a spa day in the Puerto Rican jungle with Fairmont El San Juan Hotel; a night at the International Emmy Awards with Sofitel New York; skiing with an Olympian at Fairmont Chateau Whistler; and a private cave dinner in Barbados with Fairmont Royal Pavilion – with new opportunities to thrill and inspire added regularly.Members of ALL – Accor Live Limitless will also be able to book select ‘Beyond LIMITS’ experiences with ALL Reward points. With the travel industry’s most diverse network of brands and an ever-growing portfolio  ALL invites members to experience more of what they love through benefits and rewards in travel  dining and everyday life. Among the most valuable in the industry  ALL Reward points are highly flexible  allowing members to earn points  even when they are not staying at an Accor hotel  and then redeem their points for unforgettable moments around the globe. To join Accor’s award-winning loyalty program  click here.To help guests travel ‘Beyond LIMITS’  Accor is also offering up to 25 percent savings for bookings made by March 29  2023  for stays through April 30  2023 (may vary by property)  at participating Fairmont  Sofitel  Swissôtel  MGallery  Pullman  Novotel and ibis hotels across North & Central America. As always  ALL members save more  with a special member rate that delivers an additional 5 percent off.Creative assets for ‘Beyond LIMITS’  including videos  photos and logos  are available for download in the Accor press room.ABOUT ACCORAccor is a world leading hospitality group consisting of more than 5 300 properties and 10 000 food and beverage venues throughout 110 countries. The group has one of the industry’s most diverse and fully-integrated hospitality ecosystems encompassing more than 40 luxury  premium  midscale and economy hotel brands  entertainment and nightlife venues  restaurants and bars  branded private residences  shared accommodation properties  concierge services  co-working spaces and more. Accor’s unmatched position in lifestyle hospitality – one of the fastest growing categories in the industry – is led by Ennismore  a joint venture  which Accor holds a majority shareholding. Ennismore is a creative hospitality company with a global collective of entrepreneurial and founder-built brands with purpose at their heart. Accor boasts an unrivalled portfolio of distinctive brands and more than 230 000 team members worldwide. Members benefit from the company’s comprehensive loyalty program – ALL - Accor Live Limitless – a daily lifestyle companion that provides access to a wide variety of rewards  services and experiences. Through its Planet 21 – Acting Here  Accor Solidarity  RiiSE and ALL Heartist Fund initiatives  the Group is focused on driving positive action through business ethics  responsible tourism  environmental sustainability  community engagement  diversity and inclusivity. Founded in 1967  Accor SA is headquartered in France and publicly listed on the Euronext Paris Stock Exchange (ISIN code: FR0000120404) and on the OTC Market (Ticker: ACCYY) in the United States. For more information visit group.accor.com  or follow Accor on Twitter  Facebook  LinkedIn  and Instagram.AttachmentsCONTACT: Paulo Senra Diamond psenra@experiencediamond.com Sandra Duhamel Accor North & Central America +1 305 401 1556 sandra.pinto-duhamel@accor.com,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.31,0.25,0.44,True,English,"['Accor Live Limitless Launch', 'New Collection', 'Boundary-Pushing Experiences', 'Central America', 'Fairmont', 'LIMITS', 'North', 'Fairmont El San Juan Hotel', 'up to 25 percent savings', 'Euronext Paris Stock Exchange', 'ALL Heartist Fund initiatives', 'world leading hospitality group', 'Accor Live Limitless hotels', 'Chief Commercial Officer', 'Puerto Rican jungle', 'International Emmy Awards', 'award-winning loyalty program', 'special member rate', 'comprehensive loyalty program', 'Fairmont Chateau Whistler', 'Fairmont Royal Pavilion', 'private cave dinner', 'daily lifestyle companion', 'UNEXPECTED, LIMITED-TIME EXPERIENCES', 'newest boundary-pushing experiences', 'signature limited-time experiences', 'iconic Fairmont properties', 'economy hotel brands', 'Accor press room', 'exciting new collection', 'Sofitel New York', 'exclusive, immersive experience', 'creative hospitality company', 'ALL Reward points', 'Fairmont Hotels', 'lifestyle hospitality', 'limitless ways', 'participating Fairmont', 'new opportunities', 'ibis hotels', 'Creative assets', 'private residences', 'Accor hotel', 'Fairmont guests', 'EXCLUSIVE JOURNEYS', 'inspiring experiences', 'other ALL', 'official debut', 'Central America', 'first week', 'genuine value', 'Jeff Doane', 'spa day', 'growing portfolio', 'unforgettable moments', 'Swissôtel', 'beverage venues', 'nightlife venues', 'accommodation properties', 'working spaces', 'unmatched position', 'growing categories', 'joint venture', 'majority shareholding', 'global collective', 'founder-built brands', 'unrivalled portfolio', 'distinctive brands', 'wide variety', 'positive action', 'business ethics', 'responsible tourism', 'environmental sustainability', 'community engagement', 'ISIN code', 'luxury experience', 'Accor Solidarity', 'Accor SA', 'travel space', 'LIMITS’ experience', 'GLOBE NEWSWIRE', 'diverse network', 'everyday life', 'concierge services', 'ALL members', 'Limits Campaign', '230,000 team members', 'Accor North', 'travel industry', '5,300 properties', 'TRAVELERS', 'SENSES', 'AWE', 'WONDER', 'travellers', 'Toronto', 'Canada', 'Resorts', 'convention', 'boundaries', 'expectation', 'discovery', 'something', 'destination', 'November', 'March', 'Story', 'everyone', 'everything', 'term', 'exclusivity', 'differentiation', 'question', 'teams', 'result', 'adventures', 'Olympian', 'Barbados', 'benefits', 'rewards', 'dining', 'bookings', 'stays', 'April', 'property', 'MGallery', 'Pullman', 'Novotel', 'additional 5', 'videos', 'photos', 'logos', 'download', 'ABOUT', '10,000 food', '110 countries', 'midscale', 'entertainment', 'restaurants', 'bars', 'fastest', 'Ennismore', 'purpose', 'access', 'Planet', 'RiiSE', 'diversity', 'inclusivity', 'France']",2022-11-07,2022-11-08,ca.sports.yahoo.com
12814,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/pharming-to-attend-credit-suisse-31st-annual-healthcare-conference-301669621.html,Pharming to attend Credit Suisse 31st Annual Healthcare Conference,"LEIDEN  The Netherlands  Nov. 7  2022 /PRNewswire/ -- Pharming Group N.V. (""Pharming"") (Euronext Amsterdam: PHARM/Nasdaq: PHAR) announces that Pharming's Chief Executive Officer  Sijmen de Vries  and Chief Medical Officer  Anurag Relan  will attend the Credit…","LEIDEN  The Netherlands  Nov. 7  2022 /PRNewswire/ -- Pharming Group N.V. (""Pharming"") (Euronext Amsterdam: PHARM/Nasdaq: PHAR) announces that Pharming's Chief Executive Officer  Sijmen de Vries  and Chief Medical Officer  Anurag Relan  will attend the Credit Suisse 31st Annual Healthcare Conference in Rancho Palos Verdes  California  November 7-10  2022.Pharming's CEO and CMO will be available for one-to-one investor and corporate meetings.For more information about the conference  or to schedule a one-to-one with Pharming's management team  please contact your Credit Suisse representative  or send an email to Pharming's Investor Relations team to [email protected].About Pharming Group N.V.Pharming Group N.V. (EURONEXT Amsterdam: PHARM/Nasdaq: PHAR) is a global biopharmaceutical company dedicated to transforming the lives of patients with rare  debilitating  and life-threatening diseases. Pharming is commercializing and developing an innovative portfolio of protein replacement therapies and precision medicines  including small molecules  biologics  and gene therapies that are in early to late-stage development. Pharming is headquartered in Leiden  Netherlands  and has employees around the globe who serve patients in over 30 markets in North America  Europe  the Middle East  Africa  and Asia-Pacific. For more information  visit www.pharming.com or follow us on LinkedIn.For further public information  contact:Pharming Group  Leiden  The NetherlandsHeather Robertson  Investor Relations & Corporate Communications ManagerT: +31 71 5247 400E: [email protected]FTI Consulting  London  UKVictoria Foster Mitchell/Alex ShawT: +44 203 727 1000FTI Consulting  USAJim PolsonT: +1 (312) 553-6730LifeSpring Life Sciences Communication  Amsterdam  The NetherlandsLeon MelensT: +31 6 53 81 64 27E: [email protected]Logo - https://mma.prnewswire.com/media/1778344/Pharming_Group_NV_Logo.jpgSOURCE Pharming Group N.V.",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['Credit Suisse 31st Annual Healthcare Conference', 'Pharming', 'Credit Suisse 31st Annual Healthcare Conference', 'SOURCE Pharming Group N.V.', 'LifeSpring Life Sciences Communication', 'Corporate Communications Manager T', 'Credit Suisse representative', 'Jim Polson T', 'Leon Melens T', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'Sijmen de Vries', 'Chief Medical Officer', 'Rancho Palos Verdes', 'global biopharmaceutical company', 'Victoria Foster Mitchell', 'protein replacement therapies', 'Investor Relations team', 'corporate meetings', 'management team', 'gene therapies', 'one investor', 'Anurag Relan', 'life-threatening diseases', 'innovative portfolio', 'precision medicines', 'small molecules', 'early to', 'late-stage development', 'North America', 'Middle East', 'Heather Robertson', 'FTI Consulting', 'Alex Shaw', 'The Netherlands', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'public information', 'LEIDEN', 'PRNewswire', 'PHARM/Nasdaq', 'California', 'November', 'CEO', 'CMO', 'email', 'lives', 'patients', 'biologics', 'employees', 'globe', '30 markets', 'Europe', 'Africa', 'Asia-Pacific', 'LinkedIn', 'London', 'UK', 'USA', 'Logo']",2022-11-07,2022-11-08,prnewswire.com
12815,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2022/11/07/2549234/0/en/Worldline-to-acquire-Banco-Desio-merchant-acquiring-activities.html,Worldline to acquire Banco Desio merchant acquiring activities,Worldline to acquire merchant acquiringactivities of Banco Desio   Reinforcement of Worldline presence in the promising Italian market with a strong......,"English FrenchWorldline to acquire merchant acquiringactivities of Banco DesioReinforcement of Worldline presence in the promising Italian market with a strong partnerParis  La Défense  November 7  2022 – Worldline [Euronext: WLN]  a global leader in payment services  announces the signing of a binding agreement for the acquisition of Banco Desio’s merchant acquiring activities and the planned set-up of a commercial partnership aiming to leverage Banco Desio’s banking network in order to distribute Worldline’s payment products and services to merchant customers of the bank in Italy.Gilles Grapinet  CEO of Worldline  said: ""I am very proud to announce the acquisition of Banco Desio’s merchant acquiring activities. This operation is fully in line with our strategy to further expand our Merchant Services activities towards the South of Europe and in particular in Italy  a highly attractive and strategic market for Worldline where we intend to continue leveraging our footprint built last year through the acquisition of Axepta Italy early 2022 and the set-up of the Worldline MS Italy joint venture.This transaction offers attractive development opportunities for Worldline in the coming years  leveraging a strong banking network as a key commercial channel in order to distribute Worldline’s full suite of end-to-end payment solutions to merchants.With this transaction  Worldline keeps on playing the leading role in the consolidation of the European payments industry  with a focus on value-creating consolidation opportunities  enhancing Worldline scale  reach and significant presence in a growing number of countries.”Acquisition of merchant acquiring activities of Banco Desio and set-up of a long-term commercial partnershipBanco Desio Group is an important Italian banking group with a strong local approach delivered through a network of more than 230 branches. The banking group was looking for a partner to acquire  operate and develop its merchant acquiring portfolio which delivers payment solutions to c. 15 thousand merchants generating c. 40 million transactions per year  representing c. € 2.0 billion of MSV. It also manages the marketing and distribution of more than 19 thousand POS to the merchants within the bank’s network.As part of the transaction  Worldline will enter a long-term commercial partnership with Banco Desio aiming to leverage its strong banking network as a key commercial channel in order to distribute Worldline’s best-in-class payment product and services to merchants.Reinforcement of Worldline presence in Italy  one of the most attractive payment markets in EuropeFollowing the acquisition of Axepta Italy early 2022 and the set-up of the Worldline MS Italy joint venture  this transaction is fully in line with Worldline’s strategy to reinforce its presence in Italy  a highly attractive and strategic market for Worldline. The country is the third largest euro economy in Europe with a cash penetration that remains high with cash accounting for close to 76% of total payment volume in 20211  a rapid shift from cash to card and electronic payment adoption and by one of the highest POS densities per inhabitants in Europe. Transactions acquired are well balanced by card type (Credit cards  PagoBancomat  and Debit & Prepaid).As an additional very compelling characteristic  Luxury and Retail market is one of the most important sectors of the Italian economy and a key pillar of its economic growth. In addition  with close to 100 million tourists per year  Italy is one of the most visited countries in Europe and in the world. This represents a very attractive feature of the Italian payment market offering numerous additional growth opportunities in a post-Covid context by leveraging the very rich Worldline portfolio of Luxury & Retail and Travel & Hospitality solutions.Key items of the transactionWorldline to acquire 100% of Banco Desio’s merchant acquiring activities through the Worldline MS Italy joint venture for c. € 100 millionAdditional annual revenue of c. € 15 million in year one with expected double-digit organic growth in the coming yearsOMDA margin expected above 30% at closingExpected closing in Q1 2023 after the usual regulatory approvalsForthcoming eventFebruary 21  2023 FY 2022 resultsApril 26  2023 Q1 2023 revenueJune 8  2023 Annual General Shareholders’ MeetingJuly 26  2023 H1 2023 resultsOctober 25  2023 Q3 2023 revenueContactsInvestor RelationsLaurent Marie+33 7 84 50 18 90laurent.marie@worldline.comBenoit d’Amécourt+33 6 75 51 41 47benoit.damecourt@worldline.comCommunicationSandrine van der Ghinst+32 499 585 380sandrine.vanderghinst@worldline.comHélène Carlander+33 7 72 25 96 04helene.carlander@worldline.comAbout WorldlineWorldline [Euronext: WLN] is a global leader in the payments industry and the technology partner of choice for merchants  banks and acquirers. Powered by 20 000 employees in more than 50 countries  Worldline provides its clients with sustainable  trusted and innovative solutions fostering their growth. Services offered by Worldline include instore and online commercial acquiring  highly secure payment transaction processing and numerous digital services. In 2021 Worldline generated a proforma revenue close to 4 billion euros. worldline.comWorldline’s corporate purpose (“raison d’être”) is to design and operate leading digital payment and transactional solutions that enable sustainable economic growth and reinforce trust and security in our societies. Worldline makes them environmentally friendly  widely accessible  and supports social transformation.DisclaimerThis document contains forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties  including references  concerning the Group's expected growth and profitability in the future which may significantly impact the expected performance indicated in the forward-looking statements. These risks and uncertainties are linked to factors out of the control of the Company and not precisely estimated  such as market conditions or competitors’ behaviors. Any forward-looking statements made in this document are statements about Worldline’s beliefs and expectations and should be evaluated as such. Forward-looking statements include statements that may relate to Worldline’s plans  objectives  strategies  goals  future events  future revenues or synergies  or performance  and other information that is not historical information. Actual events or results may differ from those described in this document due to a number of risks and uncertainties that are described within the 2021 Universal Registration Document filed with the French Autorité des marchés financiers (AMF) on April 25  2022 under the filling number: D.22-0342 and its Amendment filed on July 29  2022 under the filling number: D. 21-0342-A01.Revenue organic growth and Operating Margin before Depreciation and Amortization (OMDA) improvement are presented at constant scope and exchange rate. OMDA is presented as defined in the 2021 Universal Registration Document. All amounts are presented in € million without decimal. This may in certain circumstances lead to non-material differences between the sum of the figures and the subtotals that appear in the tables. 2022 objectives are expressed at constant scope and exchange rates and according to Group’s accounting standards.Worldline does not undertake  and specifically disclaims  any obligation or responsibility to update or amend any of the information above except as otherwise required by law.This document is disseminated for information purposes only and does not constitute an offer to purchase  or a solicitation of an offer to sell  any securities in the United States or any other jurisdiction. Securities may not be offered or sold in the United States unless they have been registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the “U.S. Securities Act”) or the securities laws of any U.S. state  or are exempt from registration. The securities that may be offered in any transaction have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act or the securities laws of any U.S. state and Worldline does not intend to make a public offering of any such securities in the United States.1 source: Politecnico di MilanoAttachment",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,positive,0.65,0.35,0.01,True,English,"['Banco Desio merchant', 'Worldline', 'activities', 'Worldline MS Italy joint venture', 'Annual General Shareholders’ Meeting', 'Benoit d’Amécourt', 'third largest euro economy', 'Investor Relations Laurent Marie', 'Sandrine van der Ghinst', 'Hélène Carlander', 'numerous additional growth opportunities', 'important Italian banking group', 'La Défense', 'Additional annual revenue', 'usual regulatory approvals', 'strong local approach', 'class payment product', 'total payment volume', 'electronic payment adoption', 'highest POS densities', 'double-digit organic growth', 'long-term commercial partnership', 'promising Italian market', 'attractive development opportunities', 'value-creating consolidation opportunities', 'key commercial channel', 'merchant acquiring portfolio', 'Italian payment market', 'European payments industry', 'rich Worldline portfolio', 'attractive payment markets', 'merchant acquiring activities', 'strong banking network', 'c. 40 million transactions', 'Banco Desio Group', 'end payment solutions', 'Merchant Services activities', 'Italian economy', 'important sectors', 'payment products', 'merchant customers', '19 thousand POS', 'key pillar', 'economic growth', '100 million tourists', 'Key items', 'strong partner', 'payment services', 'strategic market', 'Axepta Italy', 'Q3 2023 revenue', 'Hospitality solutions', 'innovative solutions', 'English French', 'global leader', 'binding agreement', 'Gilles Grapinet', 'coming years', 'full suite', 'leading role', 'growing number', 'rapid shift', 'Credit cards', 'compelling characteristic', 'close to', 'attractive feature', 'post-Covid context', 'OMDA margin', 'Forthcoming event', 'sustainable, trusted', 'Retail market', 'Q1 2023 revenue', 'significant presence', 'Worldline scale', 'cash penetration', 'cash accounting', 'technology partner', 'card type', 'FY 2022 results', 'Worldline presence', '15 thousand merchants', '2023 results', 'Reinforcement', 'Paris', 'Euronext', 'WLN', 'signing', 'acquisition', 'set-up', 'order', 'CEO', 'operation', 'strategy', 'South', 'footprint', 'focus', 'reach', 'countries', '230 branches', 'MSV', 'marketing', 'distribution', 'country', 'inhabitants', 'PagoBancomat', 'Debit', 'Luxury', 'closing', 'February', 'April', 'June', 'July', 'October', 'Contacts', 'damecourt', 'Communication', 'vanderghinst', 'choice', 'banks', 'acquirers', '20,000 employees', 'clients']",2022-11-07,2022-11-08,globenewswire.com
12816,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2022/11/07/2549245/0/en/BGHL-Euro-NAV-Share-buy-back.html,BGHL Euro NAV & Share buy back,BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED   Ordinary Shares  The Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding...,"BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary SharesThe Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for the Company.Close of business 04 Nov 2022.Estimated NAVEuro Shares Sterling Shares Estimated NAV € 28.0152 £ 24.5700 Estimated MTD return -0.47 % -0.48 % Estimated YTD return -4.06 % -2.91 % Estimated ITD return 180.15 % 145.70 %NAV and returns are calculated net of management and performance feesMarket informationEuro Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close € 22.80 N/A Premium/discount to estimated NAV -18.62 % N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close N/A GBX 2 000.00 Premium/discount to estimated NAV N/A -18.60 %Transactions in own securities purchased into treasuryOrdinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares 600 N/A Average Price € 22.60 N/A Range of Price N/A N/ALiquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/ABGHL CapitalBGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Shares Outstanding 12 307 514 130 254 Held in treasury 9 074 N/A Shares Issued 12 316 588 130 254Estimated BG Fund NAVClass B Euro Shares (estimated) € 244.6194 Class GBP A Shares (estimated) £ 131.0606The Class B Euro Shares of BG Fund are not subject to investment manager fees  as the Investment Manager receives management fees and performance fees in respect of its role as Investment Manager of BGHL.For further information please contact:Boussard & Gavaudan Investment Management  LLP.Emmanuel Gavaudan +44 (0) 20 3751 5389 Email : info@bgam-uk.comThe Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has received the necessary approval of the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and the States of Guernsey Policy Council. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.This is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Neither the Company nor BG Fund ICAV has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that:all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results;the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; andif you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.Attachment",neutral,0.05,0.95,0.0,negative,0.0,0.23,0.77,True,English,"['BGHL Euro NAV', 'Share', 'A Liquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number', 'The Class B Euro Shares', 'BGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares', 'N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'A N/A Average Price', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'Sterling Shares Shares', 'Euro Shares Amsterdam', 'US Investment Company Act', 'expert financial advice', 'GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED', 'Guernsey Policy Council', 'collective investment scheme', 'other professional advice', 'BG Fund ICAV', 'closed-ended investment company', 'UK Listing Authority', 'US Securities Act', 'Gavaudan Investment Management', 'investment manager fees', 'A Shares', 'BG Fund NAV', 'The Shares', 'Dutch Authority', 'A Premium/discount', 'A Range', 'N/A GBX', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'US persons', 'Financial Markets', 'The Directors', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'The Company', 'investment performance', 'original investment', 'investment decision', 'performance fees', 'BGHL Capital', 'management fees', 'MTD return', 'YTD return', 'ITD return', 'financieel toezicht', 'Official List', 'applicable law', 'public offering', 'other jurisdiction', 'United States', 'following information', 'information purposes', 'necessary approval', 'main market', 'future results', 'listed securities', 'Market information', 'BOUSSARD', 'business', 'returns', 'AEX', 'LSE', 'Transactions', 'treasury', '600 N', 'respect', 'role', 'LLP.', 'Email', 'article', 'conjunction', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', 'mind', 'risk', 'past', 'guarantee', 'doubt', 'contents', 'communication', 'substitute', 'Attachment']",2022-11-07,2022-11-08,globenewswire.com
12817,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2022/11/07/2549243/0/en/BGHL-GBP-NAV-Share-buy-back.html,BGHL GBP NAV & Share buy back,BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED   Ordinary Shares  The Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding...,"BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary SharesThe Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for the Company.Close of business 04 Nov 2022.Estimated NAVEuro Shares Sterling Shares Estimated NAV € 28.0152 £ 24.5700 Estimated MTD return -0.47 % -0.48 % Estimated YTD return -4.06 % -2.91 % Estimated ITD return 180.15 % 145.70 %NAV and returns are calculated net of management and performance feesMarket informationEuro Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close € 22.80 N/A Premium/discount to estimated NAV -18.62 % N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close N/A GBX 2 000.00 Premium/discount to estimated NAV N/A -18.60 %Transactions in own securities purchased into treasuryOrdinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares 600 N/A Average Price € 22.60 N/A Range of Price N/A N/ALiquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/ABGHL CapitalBGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Shares Outstanding 12 307 514 130 254 Held in treasury 9 074 N/A Shares Issued 12 316 588 130 254Estimated BG Fund NAVClass B Euro Shares (estimated) € 244.6194 Class GBP A Shares (estimated) £ 131.0606The Class B Euro Shares of BG Fund are not subject to investment manager fees  as the Investment Manager receives management fees and performance fees in respect of its role as Investment Manager of BGHL.For further information please contact:Boussard & Gavaudan Investment Management  LLP.Emmanuel Gavaudan +44 (0) 20 3751 5389 Email : info@bgam-uk.comThe Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has received the necessary approval of the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and the States of Guernsey Policy Council. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.This is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Neither the Company nor BG Fund ICAV has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that:all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results;the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; andif you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.Attachment",neutral,0.08,0.91,0.0,negative,0.0,0.23,0.77,True,English,"['BGHL GBP NAV', 'Share', 'A Liquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number', 'The Class B Euro Shares', 'BGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares', 'N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'A N/A Average Price', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'Sterling Shares Shares', 'Euro Shares Amsterdam', 'US Investment Company Act', 'expert financial advice', 'GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED', 'Guernsey Policy Council', 'collective investment scheme', 'other professional advice', 'BG Fund ICAV', 'closed-ended investment company', 'UK Listing Authority', 'US Securities Act', 'Gavaudan Investment Management', 'investment manager fees', 'A Shares', 'BG Fund NAV', 'The Shares', 'Dutch Authority', 'A Premium/discount', 'A Range', 'N/A GBX', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'US persons', 'Financial Markets', 'The Directors', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'The Company', 'investment performance', 'original investment', 'investment decision', 'performance fees', 'BGHL Capital', 'management fees', 'MTD return', 'YTD return', 'ITD return', 'financieel toezicht', 'Official List', 'applicable law', 'public offering', 'other jurisdiction', 'United States', 'following information', 'information purposes', 'necessary approval', 'main market', 'future results', 'listed securities', 'Market information', 'BOUSSARD', 'business', 'returns', 'AEX', 'LSE', 'Transactions', 'treasury', '600 N', 'respect', 'role', 'LLP.', 'Email', 'article', 'conjunction', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', 'mind', 'risk', 'past', 'guarantee', 'doubt', 'contents', 'communication', 'substitute', 'Attachment']",2022-11-07,2022-11-08,globenewswire.com
12818,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2022/11/07/2549882/0/en/Horyou-AlphaVerse-Joins-Forces-with-1-For-The-Planet-Environmental-Charity-Program.html,Horyou AlphaVerse Joins Forces with 1% For The Planet Environmental Charity Program,Social Good Metaverse Will Allocate 1% of Gross Revenue to 1% for the Planet Program — Additional 1% to be Donated to Programs and Charitable Causes that are Part of the Horyou AlphaVerse Metaverse Social Good Metaverse Will Allocate 1% of Gross Revenue to 1%…,PARIS  Nov. 07  2022 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Today  French games  technology  and blockchain product developer Crypto Blockchain Industries (CBI) and its partner Horyou announced that the Horyou AlphaVerse metaverse has decided to donate 2% of its gross turnover to support social good  sustainability  and the fight against climate change  and is joining forces with the 1% for the Planet program.Horyou AlphaVerse is a metaverse dedicated to social good  sustainability  and the fight against climate change. Its main mission is to hasten the adoption of practices that strengthen sustainability and social good — both in the physical and digital worlds. This metaverse is built in partnership between CBI  the Horyou social network  and the Horyou Foundation.First of all  Horyou AlphaVerse has entered the 1% for the Planet program and will donate 1% of its gross revenue to the program.1% for the Planet is a global entity with two decades of experience in redistributing funding to its affiliated non-governmental organizations (NGOs)  with a goal of giving to partners to ensure our planet and future generations thrive. Brands and companies entering the 1% for the Planet program commit to donating 1% of their revenue either to the global entity or directly to the NGOs part of the 1% alliance.Since July 2022  Horyou AlphaVerse has been running a partnership program inviting NGOs inside the metaverse  the Social Good Pioneer Partnership Program (SG3P)  and will soon announce the first batch of partner NGOs from all around the world. For more info about SG3P  please visit https://www.horyoualphaverse.com/partnership-program .On top of the commitment to 1% for the Planet  Horyou AlphaVerse is committing to contribute an additional 1% to the NGOs entering the SG3P program.“Connecting change-makers and giving back is in Horyou AlphaVerse’s DNA ” said Yonathan Parienti  Founder and CEO of Horyou. “Giving 2% of the gross revenue of our digital universe  which is dedicated to sustainability and positive change  is key to us  as Horyou AlphaVerse’s mission is to advocate for Social Good and preserve the planet since its inception.”“We focus our development on tackling very important issues  such as social good  sustainability and the fight against climate change ” added Frédéric Chesnais  CEO of CBI. “Contributing to these missions  and especially the 1% for the Planet program  is at the core of Horyou AlphaVerse.”For more information about AlphaVerse  investors and fans can visit www.cbicorp.io or www.alphaverse.com and follow us on Twitter   Facebook   Telegram   and Instagram .About Horyou AlphaVerseHoryou AlphaVerse is a metaverse dedicated to social good  sustainability  and the fight against climate change. Horyou AlphaVerse's main mission is to fasten the adoption of practices that strengthen sustainability and social good both in the physical and digital worlds. This metaverse is built in partnership between CBI  the Horyou social network and the Horyou Foundation.Learn more at https://www.horyoualphaverse.com/About 1% for the Planet1% for the Planet is a global organization that exists to ensure our planet and future generations thrive. They inspire businesses and individuals to support Environmental Partners through membership and everyday actions. They make environmental giving easy and effective through partnership advising  impact storytelling  and third-party certification.Started in 2002 by Yvon Chouinard  founder of Patagonia  and Craig Mathews  founder of Blue Ribbon Flies  business members  and individual members have given hundreds of millions of dollars to our approved Environmental Partners to date. Today  1% for the Planet's global network consists of thousands of businesses  individuals  and Environmental Partners working toward a better future for all. Learn more at www.onepercentfortheplanet.orgAbout Crypto Blockchain IndustriesCRYPTO BLOCKCHAIN INDUSTRIES (“CBI”) is a French company that develops  operates  and invests in video games  business applications  and selected projects relating to the blockchain  non-fungible tokens (“NFTs”)  and cryptocurrencies. Founded by Frédéric Chesnais  a renowned gaming industry entrepreneur and blockchain pioneer  CBI aims to develop and unlock value from a portfolio of blockchain activities across multiple industries (video games  finance  logistics  etc.) with a view to capitalizing on this technology  either directly or through partnerships. CBI has already made several investments and is currently developing AlphaVerse  a blockchain technology-based virtual world or metaverse that has opened in summer 2022. CBI is admitted to trading on the E2 compartment (public offering) of Euronext Growth. Learn more at www.cbicorp.io .Disclaimer:The realization of projects  as well as their operational budget and financing plan  remain fundamentally subject to uncertainties  and the non-realization of the underlying assumptions may have a significant impact on the value of assets and liabilities.PRESS CONTACTUberStrategist Inc.Ted Brockwood / Brendan Quinnpr@uberstrategist.com1-646-844-8388,neutral,0.08,0.92,0.0,positive,0.9,0.1,0.0,True,English,"['The Planet Environmental Charity Program', 'Horyou AlphaVerse', 'Forces', 'Frédéric Chesnais', 'renowned gaming industry entrepreneur', 'blockchain technology-based virtual world', 'Social Good Pioneer Partnership Program', 'affiliated non-governmental organizations', 'Blue Ribbon Flies', 'blockchain product developer', 'blockchain, non-fungible tokens', 'Crypto Blockchain Industries', 'Horyou social network', 'blockchain pioneer', 'Horyou AlphaVerse metaverse', 'blockchain activities', 'multiple industries', 'global network', 'partnership advising', 'Horyou Foundation', 'GLOBE NEWSWIRE', 'French games', 'gross turnover', 'climate change', 'digital worlds', 'global entity', 'two decades', 'first batch', 'Yonathan Parienti', 'digital universe', 'positive change', 'important issues', 'global organization', 'everyday actions', 'environmental giving', 'impact storytelling', 'third-party certification', 'Yvon Chouinard', 'Craig Mathews', 'business members', 'individual members', 'French company', 'video games', 'business applications', 'several investments', 'E2 compartment', 'public offering', 'Euronext Growth', 'cbicorp.io', 'operational budget', 'financing plan', 'underlying assumptions', 'significant impact', 'PRESS CONTACT', 'UberStrategist Inc.', 'Ted Brockwood', 'Environmental Partners', 'main mission', 'gross revenue', 'future generations', 'Planet program', 'SG3P program', 'NGOs part', 'partner NGOs', 'PARIS', 'sustainability', 'fight', 'forces', 'adoption', 'practices', 'physical', 'experience', 'funding', 'goal', 'Brands', 'companies', '1% alliance', 'July', 'info', 'partnership-program', 'top', 'commitment', 'Connecting', 'change-makers', 'DNA', 'Founder', 'CEO', 'inception', 'development', 'missions', 'core', 'investors', 'fans', 'Twitter', 'Facebook', 'Telegram', 'Instagram', 'businesses', 'individuals', 'membership', 'Patagonia', 'hundreds', 'millions', 'dollars', 'date', 'thousands', 'projects', 'NFTs', 'cryptocurrencies', 'value', 'portfolio', 'finance', 'logistics', 'view', 'partnerships', 'summer', 'Disclaimer', 'realization', 'uncertainties', 'assets', 'liabilities', 'Bren']",2022-11-07,2022-11-08,globenewswire.com
12819,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2022/11/07/2549246/0/en/Nicox-Outlines-Future-Development-and-Partnering-Plans-for-NCX-470-in-Glaucoma.html,Nicox Outlines Future Development and Partnering Plans for NCX 470 in Glaucoma,Press ReleaseNicox Outlines Future Development and Partnering Plans for NCX 470 in Glaucoma  Outcome of the Mont Blanc Phase 3 trial suggests potential......,Outcome of the Mont B l anc Phase 3 trial suggests potential c ommercial opportunity of NCX 470 in the U nited States as a novel a lternative treatment for intraocular pressure loweringP lans to generate clinical data aiming to demonstrate the potential retinal benefits of NCX 470 in order to add significant therapeutic value to the product profile in glaucomaIntention to harness the value of NCX 470 through the right commercial partnerships in the United States and Japan November 7  2022 – release at 7:30 am CETSophia Antipolis  FranceNicox SA (Euronext Paris: FR0013018124  COX)  an international ophthalmology company  today announced future development and partnering plans for NCX 470  a novel nitric oxide (NO)-donating bimatoprost eye drop  currently in Phase 3 development for the lowering of intraocular pressure (IOP) in patients with open-angle glaucoma or ocular hypertension.“Our market research shows an unmet need in glaucoma treatment focused on lowering of intraocular pressure. Patients do not react to glaucoma medications in the same way  with up to 40% not achieving their target intraocular pressure on existing monotherapies  and therefore eye care professionals need multiple treatment options. Based on a dual mechanism of action  NCX 470 has been shown to be an effective agent for lowering intraocular pressure. Mont Blanc  the first of two Phase 3 trials for NCX 470  met the efficacy requirement for approval in the United States whilst demonstrating good tolerability in comparison to current products. The Mont Blanc trial demonstrated that NCX 470 reduced intraocular pressure by 8-9.7 mmHg  achieving its primary objective of demonstrating non-inferiority to latanoprost and we believe that NCX 470 can be successfully commercialized in key glaucoma markets including the United States  as well as China  where we have partnered with Ocumension Therapeutics. We are also planning to meet with the European Medicines Agency to discuss the regulatory requirements for the approval of NCX 470 in Europe ” said Andreas Segerros  Chief Executive Officer of Nicox. “In parallel  we plan to strengthen the profile of NCX 470 to maximize its therapeutic and commercial potential  by generating clinical data highlighting its potential retinal benefits  and we expect to support this with additional detailed analysis of the intraocular pressure data from the Mont Blanc trial together with planned nonclinical studies.”“We are enthusiastic concerning the potential of NCX 470 in the Chinese market  based on the positive results from the Mont Blanc trial. 8 to 9.7 mmHg reduction in intraocular pressure sets the stage for the launch of this product as a new entrant in the Chinese glaucoma market. We look forward to continuing the collaboration with Nicox to bring NCX 470 to market ” said Liu Ye  Chief Executive Officer of Ocumension Therapeutics.Potential partnership opportunities for NCX 470“To complement our strong Chinese partnership  and maximize the potential future value of NCX 470  we are actively exploring commercial partnerships for NCX 470 in both the United States and Japanese markets ” said Gavin Spencer  EVP  Chief Business Officer of Nicox. “We expect the potential of NCX 470 can be harnessed by establishing strong commercial partnerships which can support the pricing and reimbursement work necessary for a successful launch  and developing additional clinical and nonclinical support for the therapeutic profile of NCX 470  such as the data we aim to generate on NCX 470’s potential retinal benefits and the results from the ongoing Denali trial.”Program of studies to demonstrate potential retinal benefits of NCX 470“We have consulted with Key Opinion Leaders with expertise in the damage caused in the retina by glaucoma  including some of our Glaucoma Clinical Advisory Board members  who are enthusiastic about the potential of NCX 470 in this area. With their expert knowledge  we have outlined a program of nonclinical and clinical studies to explore the activity of NCX 470 in the retina ” said Doug Hubatsch  EVP  Chief Scientific Officer at Nicox. “These studies are expected to generate nonclinical and clinical data within the next 12 to 18 months to support the differentiation of NCX 470.”The program of studies is planned to include evaluation of the effect of NCX 470 on ocular perfusion pressure through Episcleral Venous Pressure (EVP) and Optical Coherence Tomography (OCT) measurements of retinal vessels in which NCX 470’s ability to lower episcleral venous pressure as well as enhance outflow through the trabecular meshwork will be evaluated. Additionally  retinal blood vessel density will be studied in a separate clinical trial using OCT-angiography to fully understand effects on retinal blood flow. Together  these studies are designed to validate NCX 470’s dual mechanism of action in humans and potentially demonstrate some of the beneficial effects on the retina that have been observed in nonclinical models.The planned initiation of these clinical studies is included in the Company’s cash runway to mid-November  2023  however the studies are not expected to be completed by that date and will require additional funding.Rationale for retinal benefit and the role of nitric oxide (NO)Elevated IOP is the main risk factor in glaucoma; however  a variety of IOP-independent risk factors  including ischemia (inadequate blood supply)  contribute to damage of the optic nerve head and the retina  ultimately causing vision loss. NO is a potent vasodilator  and Nicox has previously demonstrated1 a partial reversal of the ischemic effects on ocular hemodynamics and retinal dysfunction by administering a Nicox NO-donating compound. We also recently reported2 nonclinical results in an ischemia/reperfusion model suggesting that NCX 470 improves ocular perfusion and retinal function in damaged eyes compared to vehicle and therefore may have therapeutic properties beyond lowering of IOP.About NCX 470NCX 470 is a novel  nitric oxide (NO)-donating bimatoprost eye drop that leverages the potent IOP-lowering effects of NO and prostaglandin analogs (PGAs). NCX 470 incorporates Nicox’s proprietary NO-donating research platform and bimatoprost in a single molecule. NCX 470 is designed to release bimatoprost and NO into the eye to lower IOP by two pathways in patients with open-angle glaucoma or ocular hypertension. NO is a well-known  small  naturally-occurring signaling molecule that plays a key role in the regulation of IOP through activation of soluble guanylate cyclase (sGC). NO brings additional IOP-lowering efficacy by enhancing aqueous humor drainage from the eye via a different mechanism of action than that engaged by prostaglandin analogs. Bimatoprost  marketed under the brand name LUMIGAN® by AbbVie  Inc.  is the leading branded PGA. PGAs are the most widely used class of drugs for IOP-lowering in patients with open-angle glaucoma or ocular hypertension.NCX 470 is currently in Phase 3 development for the lowering of intraocular pressure in patients with open-angle glaucoma or elevated intraocular pressure. The program consists of two trials  Mont Blanc and Denali. Topline results from the Mont Blanc trial were reported on October 31  2022. The similarly designed  ongoing  second Phase 3 trial  Denali  is being conducted at clinical sites in the U.S. and China  with topline results expected after 2024. The Denali trial also includes a long term safety extension through to 12 months  and is being jointly conducted and equally financed with our Chinese partner  Ocumension Therapeutics.The Mont Blanc and Denali trials have been designed to fulfill the regulatory requirements to support New Drug Application (NDA) submissions in the U.S. and China and will also provide data for other countries accepting the same clinical data package for approval. The design of the efficacy part of the Denali trial is identical to that of Mont Blanc  however there is no guarantee that the results will be the same. Both trials are necessary  and certain additional clinical and nonclinical data will also be required  to complete NDA submissions in both the U.S. and China. Should NCX 470 be developed for other territories  for example Europe or Japan  there may be additional requirements.Corporate UpdateNicox is focused on completing the analysis of the Mont Blanc data  which will be presented at key upcoming scientific congresses  the ongoing NCX 470 Denali Phase 3 glaucoma trial and investigating the potential retinal benefits of NCX 470 in a program of both nonclinical and clinical studies. In addition  research activities continue on NCX 1728  the lead candidate in a new class of molecules  the NO-donating phosphodiesterase-5 inhibitors in both IOP lowering and retinal protection.Given that the Mont Blanc Phase 3 clinical trial of NCX 470 met its primary objective of non-inferiority to latanoprost  the Company has met the condition necessary to exercise its option to extend the period of interest-only payment of its existing Kreos debt by six months to January 1  2024. Nicox may exercise this option at any time until August 1  2023. If this option is not exercised  the interest only period will end on July 1  2023.The Company estimates that it is financed until mid-November 2023  and until mid-December 2023 assuming the extension of the interest only period of the existing Kreos debt  in both cases based on the development of NCX 470 alone.,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.69,0.18,0.12,True,English,"['Future Development', 'Partnering Plans', 'Nicox', 'NCX', 'Glaucoma', 'Mont B l anc Phase 3 trial', 'Glaucoma Clinical Advisory Board members', 'intraocular pressure lowering P lans', 'retinal blood vessel density', 'potential c ommercial opportunity', 'The Mont Blanc trial', 'two Phase 3 trials', 'ongoing Denali trial', 'retinal blood flow', 'separate clinical trial', 'international ophthalmology company', 'eye care professionals', 'European Medicines Agency', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'Chief Business Officer', 'Key Opinion Leaders', 'Chief Scientific Officer', 'next 12 to 18 months', 'Optical Coherence Tomography', 'Episcleral Venous Pressure', 'strong Chinese partnership', 'additional detailed analysis', '8 to 9.7 mmHg reduction', 'potential retinal benefits', 'Potential partnership opportunities', 'target intraocular pressure', 'multiple treatment options', 'ocular perfusion pressure', 'U nited States', 'right commercial partnerships', 'strong commercial partnerships', 'novel nitric oxide', 'key glaucoma markets', 'intraocular pressure data', 'significant therapeutic value', 'potential future value', 'Chinese glaucoma market', 'Phase 3 development', 'additional clinical', 'retinal vessels', 'commercial potential', 'glaucoma treatment', 'Chinese market', 'clinical data', 'future development', 'ocular hypertension', '8-9.7 mmHg', 'Japanese markets', 'open-angle glaucoma', 'glaucoma medications', 'lternative treatment', 'United States', 'Sophia Antipolis', 'Euronext Paris', 'partnering plans', 'market research', 'unmet need', 'same way', 'existing monotherapies', 'dual mechanism', 'effective agent', 'efficacy requirement', 'good tolerability', 'current products', 'primary objective', 'Ocumension Therapeutics', 'regulatory requirements', 'Andreas Segerros', 'new entrant', 'Liu Ye', 'Gavin Spencer', 'reimbursement work', 'expert knowledge', 'Doug Hubatsch', 'trabecular meshwork', 'clinical studies', 'therapeutic profile', 'nonclinical support', 'nonclinical models', 'positive results', 'successful launch', 'beneficial effects', 'Nicox SA', 'product profile', 'Outcome', 'NCX', 'order', 'Intention', 'release', 'France', 'IOP', 'patients', 'action', 'approval', 'comparison', 'non-inferiority', 'latanoprost', 'China', 'parallel', 'stage', 'collaboration', 'EVP', 'pricing', 'Program', 'expertise', 'damage', 'area', 'activity', 'differentiation', 'evaluation', 'OCT', 'measurements', 'outflow', 'humans', 'planned', 'initiation', '7:30']",2022-11-07,2022-11-08,globenewswire.com
12820,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2022/11/07/2550035/0/en/COFACE-SA-Disclosure-of-trading-in-own-shares-excluding-the-liquidity-agreement-made-between-31-October-and-4-November-2022.html,COFACE SA: Disclosure of trading in own shares (excluding the liquidity agreement) made between 31 October and 4 November 2022,COFACE SA: Disclosure of trading in own shares (excluding the liquidity agreement) made between 31 October and 4 November 2022  Paris  7 November 2022...,English FrenchCOFACE SA: Disclosure of trading in own shares (excluding the liquidity agreement) made between 31 October and 4 November 2022Paris  7 November 2022 – 17.45Pursuant to Regulation (EU) No 596/2014 of 16 April 2014 on market abuse1The main features of the 2022-2023 Share Buyback Program have been published on the Company’s website (http://www.coface.com/Investors/Disclosure-requirements  under “Own share transactions”) and are also described in the 2021 Universal Registration Document.Trading sessionof (Date) Transaction Number ofshares Weightedaverage price Gross amount MIC Code Purpose ofbuyback Total 31/10/2022 4 522 11.3488 € 51 319 XPAR LTIP 13 11.3100 € 147 TQEX 4 535 11.3487 € 51 466 € Total 01/11/2022 4 312 11.3658 € 49 009 XPAR LTIP 223 11.2300 € 2 504 AQEU 4 535 11.3591 € 51 513 € Total 02/11/2022 4 535 11.2015 € 50 799 XPAR LTIP 4 535 11.2015 € 50 799 € Total 03/11/2022 4 217 11.2052 € 47 252 XPAR LTIP 83 11.2500 € 934 TQEX 235 11.2500 € 2 644 CEUX 4 535 11.2083 € 50 830 € Total 04/11/2022 4 535 11.3791 € 51 604 XPAR LTIP 4 535 11.3791 € 51 604 € Total 31/10/2022 - 04/11/2022 22 675 11.2993 € 256 213 € LTIPTrading sessionof (Date) Transaction Number ofshares Weightedaverage price Gross amount MIC Code Purpose ofbuyback 31/10/2022 Purchase 400 11.3700 € 4 548.00 € XPAR LTIP 31/10/2022 Purchase 130 11.3700 € 1 478.10 € XPAR LTIP 31/10/2022 Purchase 570 11.2900 € 6 435.30 € XPAR LTIP 31/10/2022 Purchase 615 11.3600 € 6 986.40 € XPAR LTIP 31/10/2022 Purchase 428 11.3900 € 4 874.92 € XPAR LTIP 31/10/2022 Purchase 588 11.3600 € 6 679.68 € XPAR LTIP 31/10/2022 Purchase 348 11.3100 € 3 935.88 € XPAR LTIP 31/10/2022 Purchase 430 11.3500 € 4 880.50 € XPAR LTIP 31/10/2022 Purchase 513 11.3800 € 5 837.94 € XPAR LTIP 31/10/2022 Purchase 257 11.3400 € 2 914.38 € XPAR LTIP 31/10/2022 Purchase 13 11.3100 € 147.03 € TQEX LTIP 31/10/2022 Purchase 15 11.3000 € 169.50 € XPAR LTIP 31/10/2022 Purchase 228 11.3100 € 2 578.68 € XPAR LTIP 01/11/2022 Purchase 500 11.4100 € 5 705.00 € XPAR LTIP 01/11/2022 Purchase 151 11.4100 € 1 722.91 € XPAR LTIP 01/11/2022 Purchase 361 11.3800 € 4 108.18 € XPAR LTIP 01/11/2022 Purchase 78 11.3700 € 886.86 € XPAR LTIP 01/11/2022 Purchase 250 11.3700 € 2 842.50 € XPAR LTIP 01/11/2022 Purchase 250 11.3700 € 2 842.50 € XPAR LTIP 01/11/2022 Purchase 55 11.3700 € 625.35 € XPAR LTIP 01/11/2022 Purchase 264 11.3800 € 3 004.32 € XPAR LTIP 01/11/2022 Purchase 338 11.3800 € 3 846.44 € XPAR LTIP 01/11/2022 Purchase 524 11.3800 € 5 963.12 € XPAR LTIP 01/11/2022 Purchase 106 11.3700 € 1 205.22 € XPAR LTIP 01/11/2022 Purchase 87 11.3700 € 989.19 € XPAR LTIP 01/11/2022 Purchase 532 11.3800 € 6 054.16 € XPAR LTIP 01/11/2022 Purchase 520 11.3200 € 5 886.40 € XPAR LTIP 01/11/2022 Purchase 296 11.2400 € 3 327.04 € XPAR LTIP 01/11/2022 Purchase 223 11.2300 € 2 504.29 € AQEU LTIP 02/11/2022 Purchase 475 11.2600 € 5 348.50 € XPAR LTIP 02/11/2022 Purchase 39 11.2500 € 438.75 € XPAR LTIP 02/11/2022 Purchase 496 11.2500 € 5 580.00 € XPAR LTIP 02/11/2022 Purchase 261 11.1600 € 2 912.76 € XPAR LTIP 02/11/2022 Purchase 587 11.1700 € 6 556.79 € XPAR LTIP 02/11/2022 Purchase 439 11.1700 € 4 903.63 € XPAR LTIP 02/11/2022 Purchase 444 11.1700 € 4 959.48 € XPAR LTIP 02/11/2022 Purchase 629 11.1900 € 7 038.51 € XPAR LTIP 02/11/2022 Purchase 549 11.1800 € 6 137.82 € XPAR LTIP 02/11/2022 Purchase 393 11.2200 € 4 409.46 € XPAR LTIP 02/11/2022 Purchase 42 11.2700 € 473.34 € XPAR LTIP 02/11/2022 Purchase 181 11.2700 € 2 039.87 € XPAR LTIP 03/11/2022 Purchase 546 11.1400 € 6 082.44 € XPAR LTIP 03/11/2022 Purchase 48 11.1400 € 534.72 € XPAR LTIP 03/11/2022 Purchase 272 11.1700 € 3 038.24 € XPAR LTIP 03/11/2022 Purchase 232 11.1700 € 2 591.44 € XPAR LTIP 03/11/2022 Purchase 315 11.1700 € 3 518.55 € XPAR LTIP 03/11/2022 Purchase 250 11.2100 € 2 802.50 € XPAR LTIP 03/11/2022 Purchase 250 11.2100 € 2 802.50 € XPAR LTIP 03/11/2022 Purchase 249 11.2100 € 2 791.29 € XPAR LTIP 03/11/2022 Purchase 519 11.2300 € 5 828.37 € XPAR LTIP 03/11/2022 Purchase 112 11.2500 € 1 260.00 € XPAR LTIP 03/11/2022 Purchase 44 11.2500 € 495.00 € XPAR LTIP 03/11/2022 Purchase 471 11.2500 € 5 298.75 € XPAR LTIP 03/11/2022 Purchase 390 11.2300 € 4 379.70 € XPAR LTIP 03/11/2022 Purchase 161 11.2300 € 1 808.03 € XPAR LTIP 03/11/2022 Purchase 32 11.2300 € 359.36 € XPAR LTIP 03/11/2022 Purchase 250 11.2300 € 2 807.50 € XPAR LTIP 03/11/2022 Purchase 56 11.2300 € 628.88 € XPAR LTIP 03/11/2022 Purchase 34 11.2500 € 382.50 € TQEX LTIP 03/11/2022 Purchase 14 11.2500 € 157.50 € TQEX LTIP 03/11/2022 Purchase 35 11.2500 € 393.75 € TQEX LTIP 03/11/2022 Purchase 20 11.2500 € 225.00 € XPAR LTIP 03/11/2022 Purchase 235 11.2500 € 2 643.75 € CEUX LTIP 04/11/2022 Purchase 681 11.3700 € 7 742.97 € XPAR LTIP 04/11/2022 Purchase 658 11.3600 € 7 474.88 € XPAR LTIP 04/11/2022 Purchase 612 11.3800 € 6 964.56 € XPAR LTIP 04/11/2022 Purchase 250 11.3800 € 2 845.00 € XPAR LTIP 04/11/2022 Purchase 440 11.3800 € 5 007.20 € XPAR LTIP 04/11/2022 Purchase 634 11.4100 € 7 233.94 € XPAR LTIP 04/11/2022 Purchase 630 11.4100 € 7 188.30 € XPAR LTIP 04/11/2022 Purchase 315 11.3400 € 3 572.10 € XPAR LTIP 04/11/2022 Purchase 315 11.3500 € 3 575.25 € XPAR LTIPCONTACTSANALYSTS / INVESTORSThomas JACQUET: +33 1 49 02 12 58 – thomas.jacquet@coface.comBenoît CHASTEL: +33 1 49 02 22 28 – benoit.chastel@coface.comFINANCIAL CALENDAR 2022/2023(subject to change)FY-2022 results: 16 February 2023 (after market close)Annual General Shareholders’ Meeting 2022: 16 May 2023FINANCIAL INFORMATIONThis press release  as well as COFACE SA’s integral regulatory information  can be found on the Group’s website:http://www.coface.com/InvestorsFor regulated information on Alternative Performance Measures (APM)  please refer to our Interim Financial Report for S1-2022 and our 2021 Universal Registration Document (see part 3.7 “Key financial performance indicators”).Regulated documents posted by COFACE SA have been secured and authenticated with the blockchain technology by Wiztrust. You can check the authenticity on the website www.wiztrust.com.COFACE: FOR TRADEWith more than 75 years of experience and the most extensive international network  Coface is one of the leader in trade credit insurance and adjacent specialty services  including Factoring  Single Risk insurance  Bonding and Information services. Coface’s experts work to the beat of the global economy  helping ~50 000 clients build successful  growing  and dynamic businesses across the world. Coface helps companies in their credit decisions. The Group's services and solutions strengthen their ability to sell by protecting them against the risks of non-payment in their domestic and export markets. In 2021  Coface employed ~4 538 people and registered a turnover of €1.57 billion.www.coface.comCOFACE SA is quoted in Compartment A of Euronext ParisCode ISIN: FR0010667147 / Mnémonique : COFADISCLAIMER - Certain declarations featured in this press release may contain forecasts that notably relate to future events  trends  projects or targets. By nature  these forecasts include identified or unidentified risks and uncertainties  and may be affected by many factors likely to give rise to a significant discrepancy between the real results and those stated in these declarations. Please refer to chapter 5 “Main risk factors and their management within the Group” of the Coface Group's 2021 Universal Registration Document filed with AMF on 6 April 2022 under the number D.22-0244 in order to obtain a description of certain major factors  risks and uncertainties likely to influence the Coface Group's businesses. The Coface Group disclaims any intention or obligation to publish an update of these forecasts  or provide new information on future events or any other circumstance.1 Also in pursuant to Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2016/1052 of 8 March 2016 (and updates); Article L.225-209 and seq. of the French Commercial Code; Article L.221-3  Article L.241-1 and seq. of the General Regulation of the French Market Authority (AMF); AMF Recommendation DOC-2017-04 Guide for issuers on their own shares transactions and for stabilization measures.Attachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.09,0.9,True,English,"['COFACE SA', 'liquidity agreement', 'Disclosure', 'trading', 'shares', '31 October', '4 November', 'average price Gross amount', '2022-2023 Share Buyback Program', 'Own share transactions', '2021 Universal Registration Document', 'MIC Code Purpose', 'English French', 'liquidity agreement', 'market abuse1', 'main features', 'Transaction Number', 'XPAR LTIP', 'Trading session', 'TQEX LTIP', 'COFACE SA', 'AQEU LTIP', 'CEUX LTIP', 'Disclosure', 'shares', '31 October', '4 November', 'Paris', '7 November', 'Regulation', '16 April', 'Company', 'website', 'Date', 'Purchase']",2022-11-07,2022-11-08,globenewswire.com
12821,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/valmet-to-deliver-a-pyrolyzer-plant-to-circa-groups-resolute-project-in-france-301670070.html,Valmet to deliver a pyrolyzer plant to Circa Group's ReSolute project in France,ESPOO  Finland  Nov. 7  2022 /PRNewswire/ -- Valmet has signed a contract with Circa to supply a pyrolyzer plant for the production of sustainable biochemicals at Circa's ReSolute plant in France. Valmet's delivery includes pyrolyzer technology  a circulating…,"ESPOO  Finland  Nov. 7  2022 /PRNewswire/ -- Valmet has signed a contract with Circa to supply a pyrolyzer plant for the production of sustainable biochemicals at Circa's ReSolute plant in France. Valmet's delivery includes pyrolyzer technology  a circulating fluidized bed (CFB) boiler and an automation system. The ReSolute plant will produce 1 000 tonnes of bio-based solvent called CyreneTM per year. It is used to replace fossil petroleum-based solvents used in a wide variety of industries.The order is included in Valmet's orders received of the fourth quarter 2022. The value of the order will not be disclosed. The equipment deliveries are scheduled for the second and the third quarter 2023.""Our co-operation with Valmet has reached the first commercial milestone. We expect to continue the co-operation to reach our goal of producing 80 000 tonnes of Cyrene annually by 2030. Valmet's concept for integrating the pyrolyzer and the energy production provides major savings in plant operating costs "" says Tony Duncan  CEO of Circa Group.""We are actively developing technology to replace fossil raw materials with renewable ones. We are working with various applications for our pyrolysis technology. Together with Circa we have tested the biochemicals production process in various pilot trials. In this project we have combined our experience in other thermal conversion processes with our know-how in automation. This is an excellent example of widening our product portfolio into new technologies "" says Ari Saario  Vice President  Strategy and R&D  Pulp and Energy  Valmet.This order is a continuation of the cooperation agreement signed in May 2022. The long-term objective is to develop deployable modules with a capacity of 10–15 thousand tonnes per annum.The contract was signed by Valmet and Circa representatives at the Valmet head office in Espoo  Finland.In the picture Bertel Karlstedt from Valmet and Tony Duncan from Circa Group.Technical details about the deliveryValmet's delivery includes a Valmet Pyrolyzer system  a Valmet CFB boiler and a Valmet DNA Automation system. The pyrolyzer system has a capacity of 2 tonnes dry solids per hour  and produces raw material for Circa's further distillation and hydrogenation processing. The CFB boiler  with a capacity of 10 MW fuel  produces energy for the pyrolyzer  the biomass dryer and for the distillation. The plant can produce its own thermal energy by utilizing pyrolyzer side product  biochar  in the CFB boiler. The Valmet DNA automation system covers the whole plant enabling optimization of the complete process.Information about CircaEstablished in 2006  Circa Group converts waste  non-food biomass into advanced bio-based chemicals with its proprietary Furacell™ process. Its developing product portfolio includes flavors  biopolymers  and bio-solvents including Cyrene™  an alternative to traditional polar aprotic solvents. By creating renewable chemicals from cellulose  Circa is extracting value from non-food  surplus biomass and contributing to industry as it transitions to a more circular economy. In March 2021  Circa Group listed on the Euronext Growth Market in Oslo  Norway.VALMETCorporate CommunicationsFor further information  please contact:Ari Saario  VP  Strategy and R&D  Pulp and Energy business line  Valmet  tel. +358 50 590 2046Jari Niemelä  Director  New Technologies  Boilers and Gasifiers  Energy business unit  Valmet  tel. +358 50 317 8050Valmet is a leading global developer and supplier of process technologies  automation and services for the pulp  paper and energy industries. With our automation systems and flow control solutions we serve an even wider base of process industries. Our 17 500 professionals around the world work close to our customers and are committed to moving our customers' performance forward – every day.The company has over 220 years of industrial history and a strong track record in continuous improvement and renewal. In 2022  a major milestone was achieved when the flow control company Neles was merged into Valmet. The combined company's net sales in 2021 were approximately EUR 4.5 billion based on the respective company figures.Valmet's shares are listed on the Nasdaq Helsinki and the head office is in Espoo  Finland.Follow us on valmet.com | Twitter | Twitter (IR) | LinkedIn | Facebook | YouTube | Instagram |Processing of personal dataThe following files are available for download:https://news.cision.com/valmet-oyj/i/valmet-circa-signing-600x c3111041 Valmet Circa signing 600x https://news.cision.com/valmet-oyj/i/valmet-circa-signing-hires c3111047 Valmet Circa signing hiresSOURCE Valmet Oyj",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,positive,0.92,0.08,0.0,True,English,"['pyrolyzer plant', 'Circa Group', 'ReSolute project', 'Valmet', 'France', 'The Valmet DNA automation system', 'traditional polar aprotic solvents', 'other thermal conversion processes', 'fossil petroleum-based solvents', 'circulating fluidized bed', 'Euronext Growth Market', 'leading global developer', 'flow control solutions', 'strong track record', 'The CFB boiler', 'first commercial milestone', 'fossil raw materials', 'various pilot trials', 'proprietary Furacell™ process', 'The ReSolute plant', 'developing product portfolio', 'plant operating costs', 'advanced bio-based chemicals', 'Energy business line', 'Energy business unit', 'flow control company', 'respective company figures', '2 tonnes dry solids', 'pyrolyzer side product', 'SOURCE Valmet Oyj', 'biochemicals production process', 'Valmet Pyrolyzer system', 'Valmet head office', 'Valmet CFB boiler', 'CFB) boiler', 'thermal energy', 'sustainable biochemicals', 'bio-based solvent', 'various applications', 'automation systems', 'major milestone', 'complete process', 'process technologies', 'process industries', 'pyrolyzer plant', 'wide variety', 'fourth quarter', 'equipment deliveries', 'third quarter', 'energy production', 'major savings', 'Tony Duncan', 'excellent example', 'new technologies', 'Ari Saario', 'Vice President', 'R&D', 'cooperation agreement', 'long-term objective', 'deployable modules', 'Bertel Karlstedt', 'Technical details', '10 MW fuel', 'biomass dryer', 'non-food biomass', 'renewable chemicals', 'surplus biomass', 'circular economy', 'Corporate Communications', 'Jari Niemelä', 'wider base', 'industrial history', 'continuous improvement', 'net sales', 'Nasdaq Helsinki', 'personal data', 'following files', '10–15 thousand tonnes', 'pyrolyzer technology', 'pyrolysis technology', 'energy industries', 'hydrogenation processing', ""customers' performance"", 'Circa Group', 'Circa representatives', '1,000 tonnes', '80 000 tonnes', 'ESPOO', 'Finland', 'PRNewswire', 'contract', 'France', 'delivery', 'year', 'order', 'value', 'second', 'co-operation', 'goal', 'Cyrene', 'concept', 'CEO', 'project', 'experience', 'know-how', 'Strategy', 'Pulp', 'continuation', 'May', 'capacity', 'picture', 'hour', 'distillation', 'biochar', 'optimization', 'Information', 'flavors', 'biopolymers', 'bio-solvents', 'alternative', 'cellulose', 'industry', 'March', 'Oslo', 'Norway', 'VP', 'Director', 'Boilers', 'Gasifiers', 'supplier', 'services', 'paper', '17,500 professionals', 'world', 'renewal', 'Neles', 'shares', 'Twitter', 'LinkedIn', 'Facebook', 'YouTube', 'Instagram', 'download', 'valmet-oyj', 'cision', 'hires']",2022-11-07,2022-11-08,prnewswire.com
12836,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/members-enento-group-shareholders-nomination-070000305.html,Members of Enento Group’s Shareholders’ Nomination Board have been appointed,ENENTO GROUP PLC  STOCK EXCHANGE RELEASE ON 8 NOVEMBER 2022 AT 09.00 A.M. EET Members of Enento Group’s Shareholders’ Nomination Board have been appointed...,Enento Group OyjENENTO GROUP PLC  STOCK EXCHANGE RELEASE ON 8 NOVEMBER 2022 AT 09.00 A.M. EETMembers of Enento Group’s Shareholders’ Nomination Board have been appointedThe Shareholders' Nomination Board of Enento Group Plc prepares proposals in relation to the election and remuneration of members of the Board of Directors to the next Annual General Meeting.Based on the Nomination Board’s Charter  representatives of the three largest shareholders as at the end of September are appointed to the Nomination Board.The Chairman of the Company’s Board of Directors and a person nominated by the Board of Directors are expert members of the Nomination Board.The three largest shareholders according to the share register as on 30 September 2022 were Sampo Plc  Nordea Bank Abp and Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB.The companies appointed Petri Niemisvirta (Sampo Plc)  Mats Torstendahl (Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB) and Hugo Preutz (Nordea Bank Abp) as members of the Nomination Board. Patrick Lapveteläinen is a member of the Nomination Board as the Chairman of the Board of Directors.The Board has elected Petri Niemisvirta as Chairman.2. Composition and Election of the Nomination BoardThe largest shareholders of the Company on 30 September are determined on the basis of the shareholders’ register of the Company held by Euroclear Finland Ltd. Holdings by a shareholder  who under the Finnish Securities Market Act has the obligation to disclose its shareholdings (flagging obligation) that are divided into several funds or registers will be summed up when calculating the share of all the voting rights  provided that the shareholder presents a written request to that effect to the Chairperson of the Company’s Board of Directors no later than on 29 September preceding the next Annual General Meeting.The Nomination Board consists of four members  three of which represent the Company’s three largest shareholders who  on 30 September preceding the next Annual General Meeting  hold the largest number of votes calculated of all shares in the Company. The Chairperson of the Board of Directors shall  as expert member  be member of the Nomination Board.Story continuesThe proposals of the Nomination Board will be included in the invitation to the Annual General Meeting.ENENTO GROUP PLCFor further information:Juuso Jokela  Legal CounselEnento Group PlcTel. +358 10 270 7403Distribution:Nasdaq HelsinkiMajor mediaenento.com/investorsEnento Group is a Nordic knowledge company powering society with intelligence since 1905. We collect and transform data into intelligence and knowledge used in interactions between people  businesses and societies. Our digital services  data and information empower companies and consumers in their daily digital decision processes  as well as financial processes and sales and marketing processes. Approximately 449 people are working for Enento Group in Finland  Norway  Sweden and Denmark. The Group’s net sales for 2021 was 163.5 MEUR. Enento Group is listed on Nasdaq Helsinki with the trading code ENENTO.,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.44,0.24,0.32,True,English,"['Shareholders’ Nomination Board', 'Enento Group', 'Members', 'Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB', 'Finnish Securities Market Act', 'next Annual General Meeting', 'Euroclear Finland Ltd. Holdings', 'daily digital decision processes', ""The Shareholders' Nomination Board"", 'Nordea Bank Abp', 'Patrick Lapveteläinen', 'three largest shareholders', 'Enento Group Oyj', 'ENENTO GROUP PLC', 'Shareholders’ Nomination Board', 'The Nomination Board', 'Nordic knowledge company', 'The Group', 'digital services', 'shareholders’ register', 'Sampo Plc', 'financial processes', 'marketing processes', 'The Board', 'largest number', 'Petri Niemisvirta', 'Mats Torstendahl', 'Hugo Preutz', 'several funds', 'voting rights', 'written request', 'Juuso Jokela', 'Legal Counsel', 'Nasdaq Helsinki', 'Major media', 'trading code', 'share register', 'flagging obligation', 'net sales', 'expert members', 'four members', 'EXCHANGE', '8 NOVEMBER', '09.00 A', 'proposals', 'relation', 'election', 'remuneration', 'Directors', 'Charter', 'representatives', 'September', 'Chairman', 'person', 'companies', 'Composition', 'basis', 'shareholdings', 'registers', 'effect', 'votes', 'shares', 'Story', 'invitation', 'information', 'Tel.', 'Distribution', 'investors', 'society', 'intelligence', 'data', 'interactions', 'people', 'businesses', 'societies', 'consumers', 'Norway', 'Sweden', 'Denmark', '163.5 MEUR', '2021']",2022-11-08,2022-11-08,finance.yahoo.com
12837,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://seekingalpha.com/article/4554145-euronext-n-v-euxtf-ceo-on-stephane-boujnah-q3-2022-results-earnings-call-transcript,Euronext N.V. (EUXTF) CEO on Stephane Boujnah Q3 2022 Results - Earnings Call Transcript,Euronext N.V. (OTCPK:EUXTF) Q3 2022 Earnings Conference Call November 4  2022 4:00 AM ETCompany ParticipantsStephane Boujnah - Chairman and Chief Executive OfficerGiorgio Modica - Chief...,Euronext N.V. (OTCPK:EUXTF) Q3 2022 Earnings Conference Call November 4  2022 4:00 AM ETCompany ParticipantsStephane Boujnah - Chairman and Chief Executive OfficerGiorgio Modica - Chief Financial OfficerSimon Gallagher - Head of Cash and DerivativesConference Call ParticipantsArnaud Giblat - BNP ParibasMatt Moon - KBWHaley Tam - Credit SuisseBruce Hamilton - Morgan StanleyIan White - Autonomous ResearchTobias Lukesch - Kepler CheuvreuxAndrew Coombs - CitiMike Werner - UBSOperatorHello  and welcome to the Euronext Third Quarter 202 Results Call. My name is Laura  and I will be your coordinator for today's event. [Operator Instructions].I will now hand you over to your host  Stephane Boujnah  the CEO and Chairman of the Managing Board of Euronext to begin today's conference. Thank you.Stephane BoujnahGood morning everybody and thank you for joining us for Euronext third quarter 2022 results conference call and webcast. I am Stephane Boujnah  CEO and Chairman of the Management Board of Euronext.I'd like to start by briefly taking you through some of the highlights of the third quarter before handing over to Giorgio Modica  the Euronext CFO who will further develop the main businesses and financial highlights of the quarter.Moving to slide four  as you have seen  Euronext reported a solid performance in the third quarter of 2020. This quarter was marked  as everybody noticed it  by challenging macro environment and lower trading volume. But this quarter demonstrated once again  the resilience of our diversified business model and the strength of our non-volume related activities combined with our trademark discipline. Euronext consolidated its position as the leading trading venue in Europe this quarter again  providing market participants with unrivaled market quality and market depth. In addition  we consolidated auditing position in equity listings in Europe  with 18 listings this quarter  but let's start with revenue.Underlying revenues were stable compared to Q3 2021  a 350.3 million euro  as a result of all based on lead diversified revenue stream. It was first non-volume related revenue had a strong performance of its own with enlisting in advanced data services  industry and in technology solution. In particular  this technology solutions revenue included for the first full quarter the contribution of the new core data center revenues following the migration report as [indiscernible] in June 2020. But second  our trading businesses  none related to equity markets  truly performance as well with double-digit growth year-over-year in commodities  derivatives  in forex trading  in power trading. So  on a reported basis  we clearly announced  as we announced it during the Q2 results last July  revenues were negatively impacted by a capital loss in net treasury income of 49 million pre-tax representing 35 million prospects. These results from the partial portfolio disposal at Euronext Clearing will neutralize any future impact of interest rate variations on net treasury income are clear in the account.Non volume related underlying revenues accounted for 59% of the total revenue and cover 138% of underlying operating expenses including D&A. On the cost side  the reported increase in underlying expenses excluding D&A mainly reflects the normalized level of marketing and travel expenses post-pandemic. But this cost performance this quarter also reflects our continuing cost discipline  despite inflationary pressure. Treasury costs are in line with usual seasonality and we confirm our 612 million cost guidance for the year  which means that we are confident in our ability to continue to control the impact of inflation on our costs in 2022  although we reported an adjusted EBITDA of 199.9 million and an adjusted EBITDA margin of 57.1%. This led to a slight decrease in adjusted EPS to 1.21 euro per share and adjusted net income to 129.5 million.Please keep in mind that we receive in a Euroclear dividend in Q3 2021 last year  whereas this year the interim dividends of Euroclear will be received in Q4 2022. On a reported basis  EPS for this quarter third quarter reached 0.71 euro. I would like to reiterate that today as already announced during our Q2 results  we intend to neutralize to offset the negative impact of this capital loss on the dividend that will be proposed for 2023 Annual General Meeting.Moving to slide five. This third quarter was very significant for the integration of the Borsa Italiana. At the end of the third quarter 2022  we reached the 24.4 million of cumulated run-rate EBITDA synergies in relation to the targeted synergies related to Borsa Italiana group integration. In total  by the end of Q3 2022  we have now spent 37.9 million of cumulated implementation costs  with 1.2 million incurred this quarter.Moving to slide six  as you remember it  we delivered in June 2022  the successful migration of [indiscernible]. The next few quarters will see the delivery of major milestones and the continuation of the Borsa Italiana integration. First  a significant project was delivered recently with the successful implementation of a new listing framework in Italy. This framework is harmonized with Euronext and global listing standards and it will significantly benefit Italian issuers  as it will further enhance the competitiveness of the Italian capital markets ecosystem. Second  the Italian ecosystem will also benefit from the upcoming first phase of the migration of Borsa Italiana cash market in March 2023 on to Optiq  the Euronext state-of-the-art operatory trading platform. This migration would provide Euronext and Borsa Italiana in Italy  but also market participants across other geographies  with significant benefits while retaining a strong local footprint. Such a migration into the Euroclear to the liquidity pool  into the Euroclear [indiscernible] book  into the Euroclear single technology platform will bring significant benefits as it did with the two previous successful migrations in Ireland and in Norway. This migration would create the largest integrated liquidity pool in Europe and the largest order book in Europe. It will also allow us to align trading fees in Italy for global players with the European printing. Third  we confirm the execution of the first phase of the European expansion of the Euronext Clearing with the expected launch of the equity clearing offering by Q4 2022. This move will be the first milestone of the transformation of Euronext Clearing. Our role is clearly to create the Euronext Clearing house of choice for the Euronext cash equity market. This will ensure strategic alignment with Euronext and its clearing house. This internalization of clearing operations will unlock further development opportunities in various fields  such as derivatives.I now hand over to Giorgio Modica for the review of our second quarter performance.Giorgio ModicaThank you  Stephane  and good morning  everyone. I would like to start the session with a quick reference to the cash equity trading educational session held in October. For those of you that missed it  the replay is available on our website. I presented the progress Euronext has made since its IPO in 2014 evolving significantly from the cash equity exchange it was. In 2014  36% of our revenue was related to cash equity trading and today only 19.2%. During the last year  you Euronext transformed itself into a fully integrated exchange and achieved significant diversification of its revenues away from cash equity trading. Furthermore Euronext not only diversified on volume-related activities  but also within its trading business. The different businesses we are operating in trading has no or limited correlation one with the other. This quarter illustrates this quite clearly with the strong performance of effects our trading and derivatives despite softer cash equity volumes. Diversification made our business model more robust across the different market cycles and allowed us to achieve stable underlying revenues this quarter  despite lower volumes.Let's have a look at the performance of our business in the third quarter of 2022. I am now on slide nine. The third quarter of 2022 demonstrated the robustness of Euronext diversified business model in a more challenging environment for cash payments. Euronext underlying revenue and income was stable compared to the third quarter of 2021 revenue and income  driven by strong results from non-volume related activities and the good performance of derivatives  effects and power trading activity. On a reported basis  revenue and income was down 14% to 301.4 million Euros reflecting the 49 million Euros of non-underlying loss related to the sale of part of Euronext leading fixed income portfolio. With that  the impact is 35 million Euros. Trading revenue was at 117.8 million Euros  down 5.2% resulting from lower cash  equity and MTS cash volumes  partially offset by the good revenue capture and strong quarter for FX  derivatives and power trading.Post-trade revenue excluding net treasury income grew 3.7% to 86.2 million Euros driven by the positive performance of clearing Custody and Settlement businesses. Advanced Data service revenue increased to 53 million Euros  up 6.3% due to a good performance across the offering. Listing revenue grew 6.3% to 54 million Euros confirming Euronext’s number one position for equity listings in Europe.In terms of revenue mix  the third quarter 2022 non-volume related revenue accounted for 59% of total group revenue versus 67% in the same quarter last year; thanks to the growth of our non-volume related activity. Lastly  non-volume related revenue covered 138% of our underlying operating costs  excluding D&A compared to 142% last year.Moving to the next slide for listing. In the third quarter of 2022  listing revenue was 54 million Euros  with an increase of 6.3% compared to the third quarter of 2021. This growth reflects a good performance of annual fees  corporate services  as well as the positive impacts of IFRS 15  which allow us to continue benefiting from the exceptional equity listing activity of 2021. During the third quarter of 2022  Euronext maintained its leading position in Europe for primary equity lifting  accounting 18 new listings in a challenging environment. In the third quarter of 2022  143.8 million Euros was raised on Euronext’s primary market compared to a very strong third quarter 2021 with 5.3 billion Euros. As far as secondary issues are concerned  4.8 billion was raised this quarter. Euronext also enforced its position as the leading brand for one listing worldwide with over 52 500 bonds listed across all Euronext markets. In the third quarter of 2022  172.8 billion Euros in debt was raised on Euronext markets. Overall  this brings us to a total of 177.7 billion Euros raised in equity and debt on Euronext’s markets this quarter. Lastly  Corporate Services continued its growth trajectory  slightly offset by lower Webcaster activity.Let's have a look now at our trading business. I'm now on slide 11 and I will start with cash trading. In the third quarter of 2022  we observed this lower cash equity trading volume which was partially offset by a good revenue capture. This led to cash trading revenue of 67.3 million Euros this quarter  with a decrease of 10.2% compared to the same quarter last year. Euronext recorded average daily volumes of 9.6 billion Euros  a volume decrease of 11.6% compared to the third quarter of 2021. Despite the more challenging selling environment  Euronext has confirmed its position as the largest  deepest and most stable single liquidity pool in Europe  offering the highest quality of execution to its market participants. Average revenue capture of the quarter increased to 0.53 basis points and the market share averaged 65.9%  in line with the pre-COVID level  both values include the Borsa Italiana. Like for like  cash trading revenue was down 10.2%.Moving on to derivative trading. Derivatives trading revenue was up 3.3% to 14 million Euros as a result of the strong traction of index derivatives and commodities derivatives trading combined with an enhanced revenue capture. In the third quarter of 2022  average daily volumes on financial delivery were down 12% year-on-year reflecting a decrease in equity future and option trading  which decreased mainly due to a base effect linked with exceptionally high level of activity of the third quarter of 2021. This quarter  commodity average daily volume increased 1.9%. Overall  revenue capture for derivatives reached 0.35 euro per lot  this is 16% up  mainly linked to a volume mix impact. On the like for like basis  derivative trading revenue was up 3.2% compared to the third quarter 2021.Lastly on fixed income trading. In the third quarter of 2022  fixed income trading reported revenues at 21.4 million Euros  minus 9.8% compared to 23.8 million Euros in the third quarter of 2021. MTS reported overall good performance in markets dominated by increasing interest rates. In the third quarter of 2022  MTS cash generated 13.1 million Euros of revenue and MTS Repo generated 5.4 million of revenue. The third quarter saw a strong traction in Repo trading with term adjusted ADV  up 14.7% to 323.2 billion Euros. This partially offset lower MTS cash average daily volume down 34% to 15.4 billion Euros compared to a very strong third quarter of 2021. On the like for like basis  fixed income  trading revenue was down 9.8% year-over-year.Continuing with trading on slide 12. The third quarter of 2022 saw the strong performance of Euronext FX in terms of both revenue and average daily volumes benefiting from volatility  geographic expansion and product diversification. Euronext reported average daily volumes of $21.7 billion in the third quarter of 2022  up 24.2% compared to the third quarter of 2021. Further  FX trading revenue increased 30.1% compared to the third quarter of 2021 at 7.3 million Euros. On the like for like basis  FX revenue was up 11.2% compared to the third quarter of 2021. This quarter  power trading reported 7.8 million in revenue  a growth of 23.5% year-on-year  driven by strong volumes  increased footprint of Nord Pool in central Europe  UK and Ireland and a strong performance in the Nordics. In the third quarter of 2022  average daily day-ahead power traded was 2.39 terawatt hour  an 18.5% increase compared to the third quarter of 2021  and average daily intraday power traded was the 0.10 terawatt hour  up 76.8% compared to the same quarter last year. On the like for like basis  power trading revenue was up 20.2% compared to the third quarter of 2021.Moving to slide 13  revenue from our first date activities excluding net treasury income increased 3.7% to 86.2 million Euros. In the third quarter of 2022  clearing revenue was up 5.5% with 29.1 million due to the strong bond derivatives trading activity. On the like for like basis  clearing revenue was up as well  5.5% As announced in the second quarter of 2022  we have disposed our loan-term Euronext Clearing fixed income security portfolio maturing after the first May 2023 in order to neutralize impacts of interest rates variation are our net treasury income. This led to a one-off pre-tax loss of 49 million Euros  35 million post tax. Adjusted for the one-off impact  net treasury income was at 10.7 million Euros this quarter  in line with the guidance provided in the second quarter of 2017. As a result of the disposal  our surplus regulatory capital for Euronext is expected to increase. The decrease of regulatory capital requirements for Euronext clearly linked to the investment portfolio will more than compensate the negative impact on available capital of the one-off loss resulting from the deposit.As a reminder  we expect a lower level of net treasury income marking at around 10 basis points in the fourth quarter of 2022 and in the first quarter of 2023  before normalizing at around 20 basis points from the starting of the second quarter of 2023. Finally  as the sale of the portfolio will have no negative impact on the available capital of the group  Euronext confirms the decision that the dividend for the fiscal year 2022 will be adjusted to neutralize any negative impact deriving from these operations. Moving back to the third quarter performance  custody  settlement and other post-trade revenue encompassing the activity of the four verticals we operate under the Euronext brands was up 2.8% to 57.1 million Euros. Like for like  custody and settlement and other post-trade revenue was up 0.5%.Moving to slide 14  I would like to use this opportunity to have a look at the seasonality of Euronext security activities. It is important to properly assess the performance of the board. During the last three years  we can observe a seasonal dip of CST revenue between the second and the third quarter. The explanation for the seasonality is three fold. Firstly  very few general meetings had dividend payments occur in the third quarter  leading to lower revenues related to issues services and issuance. Secondly  we observed the usual summer slowdown as experienced in other markets like the cash equity market. Thirdly  some specific services are charged twice a year  in the second year in the fourth quarter  and this further contributes to the seasonality. In addition  the seasonality in this slide allow us to illustrate the progress we've made over the last three years in growing and diversifying our Euronext Security business which resulted in a CAGR of 7.3% between the third quarter of 2019 and the third quarter of 2022.Moving on to slide 15  Advanced Data Services revenue was up 6.3% to 53 million Euros  driven by a strong fraction of our core data business  solid index activity and good momentum of the advanced data solution franchise. On a like for like basis  Advanced Data Services revenue was up 6.5% compared to the third quarter 2021. Investor service revenue was at 2.5 million this quarter  up 16.3% reflecting continued commercial expansion of the business  partially offset by mild reductions in stock. Like for like  investor service revenue was up 1.2%. Lastly  on technology solution  revenue was up 6.7% compared to the third quarter 2021 to 26 million Euros  reflecting the first full quarter of revenue of the new core data center following their migration on 6 June 2022. On the like for like basis  Euronext technology and other revenue was up 6.5% compared to the third quarter 2021.Let's move to slide 17. I would like to convey two message. The first one is that Euronext costs  as you can see in the graph are seasonally lower in the third quarter compared to the fourth quarter. Second  in the third quarter 2022  we reported 150.4 million of underlying costs  excluding D&A  an increase of 6.3% compared to the third quarter 2021. Please note that this increase is not related to inflation  but to the post-pandemic context that would need with more travels and more marketing expenses and higher cleaning expense related to the higher cleaning activities.Thanks to our continued costs discipline  despite the inflationary environment  we confirm our underlying cost guidance for 2022 at 612 million Euros. This brings us to the next slide with the EBITDA bridge. Euronext adjusted EBITDA for the quarter was down 4.4% to 199.9 million Euros resulting from stable underlying revenue and the 6.3% increase of underlying operational expenses  as we just discussed. The adjusted EBITDA margin decreased 2.6 points compared to the third quarter 2021 to 57.1%. On the like for like basis  EBITDA margin was at 57% this quarter and adjusted EBITDA decreased 5.2%. Finally  I would like to remind you that non-underlying costs  excluding D&A  are mainly related to the integration of Borsa and us.Moving to slide 19 to net income. Adjusted net income this quarter was down 5.5% to 129.5 million Euros resulting from the following elements. First D&A was broadly stable year-over-year; second  net financial expenses decreased the 10 million  due to positive FX impact with the revaluation of foreign currencies balances and results from equity investments decreased 10.1 million Euros as in the third quarter of 2021 will shift the dividend Euroclear and [indiscernible]  as Stephane just discussed  which will be paid in the fourth quarter this year. I would like to highlight that the non-underlined items in the future mainly represented by the loss on the sale of the fixed income portfolio and D&A mainly the PPA amortization of our acquisition.Lastly  income tax for the third quarter 2022 was 27.9 million. This translated into an effective tax rate for the quarter of 26.2%. Reported net income was 75.8 million and adjusted EPS is down 3.2% to 1.21 euro per share this quarter. As a reminder  we completed our rights issue in the second quarter of 2021. So even though now the number of shares were realized  we will have check out effect on EPS for the next quarter.Moving to the next slide  slide 24  cash flow generation and leverage  net operating cash flow post tax amounted to 318.1 million and the cash conversion from EBITDA was in excess of 100%. Excluding the impact on working capital from Nord Pool and Euronext Clearing  CCP activities net operating cash flow accounted for 179% of EBITDA. In addition to the working capital impact from CCP  we had the 148 million impact from other operating activities mainly reflecting accrued VAT payables and receipt of refundable VAT. At the end of the quarter  our net debt to LTM EBITDA ratio was at 2.3 times compared to 2.4 times in the second quarter of 2022. Excluding the non-underlying one of loss on NTI  net debt to EBITDA reported LTM was at 2.1 times.Moving to slide 21 for the evolution of our liquidity position over the quarter. As illustrated  our liquidity position remains very strong about 1.4 billion  including the unrolled SDF of 600 million Euros and excluding the cash in transit at Nord Pool.And with this  I would like to give back the floor to Stephane.Stephane BoujnahThank you  Giorgio. Once again  I would like to emphasize that  for 2022  dividends will not be impacted negatively by the change in our investment portfolio policy  as Giorgio said. But in a nutshell  we delivered a solid quarter in a challenging trading environment; thanks to our very diversified business model. The Borsa Italiana Group integration and the delivery of our cost guidance are both on track. We are very confident in our ability to continue to control inflation in order to meet our 2022 cost guidance. And looking forward to 2023  our diversified business model combined with our continuous cost discipline gives us the confidence to face the macroeconomic challenges ahead of us and to continue creating value for clients and for shareholders.I'm now available for your questions together with the Giorgio Modica  Anthony Attia and Simon Gallagher.Question-and-Answer SessionOperator[Operator Instructions] We'll now take our first question from Arnaud Giblat of BNP. Your line is open  please go ahead.Arnaud GiblatYeah. Good morning. I've got three questions  please. And firstly on net interest income  you mentioned here that  essentially  the net interest margin has come in and the cash balances have stayed stable and that's why we've seen a decline in NI. I'm just wondering if you could talk a bit more about the outlook and how that's likely to evolve in the coming quarters.My second question is  with regards to market data. Historically  you have been able to put up prices  we've seen a bit of inflation come through in some of your peers in market data  although it's not  I mean  pricing more in other areas. But I'm just wondering whether you can apply some re-pricing there in 2023.And my final question is on M&A  I'm just wondering  how you're viewing M&A under your framework of royalty is greater than VAC [Phonetic] in the context of calling the cost of debt  the equity risk premium generally going up  how has your VAC evolved  and how you're thinking about M&A versus the opportunity perhaps in the longer term of buying back your Euroclear.Stephane BoujnahThank you  Arnaud. So I'll take the question on M&A and just will compliment on the balance sheet outlook for the company and Giorgio will also cover your first question on the NCI and market data pricing. On the M&A front  as everyone appreciate it  we are in the moving environment where valuations are being reassessed by market that are across the board. So all stock prices are under the pressure  the valuation of some of the targets that everyone is looking at is also under pressure. So  we are in a very  very challenging environment.The usual competition in the M&A environment from private equity players is also changing  access to leverage for some of them were usual  competing bidders in some asset is evolving. Some of them who are owners of assets that might be of interest to us to diversify our revenue streams are also not necessarily under pressure  but has to revisit their exit options. So the overall environment for rotation of assets is changing both for potential buyers and for potential sellers. In this environment  clearly  the cost of debt is changing  the parameters to return on capital employed are moving  and we are monitoring all of those but what I'm trying to convey I'll know is that the world environment is changing above and beyond the cost of debt. I'll leave the floor to Giorgio to be more specific on how we are approaching this environment in particular in a situation  in a context where the deleveraging of Euronext is continuing.What I want to say is that on the share buyback approach  because this issue was raised by some investors  for the moment  we take the view that retaining balance sheets flexibility  retaining the optionality to deploy capital for acquisitions. Retaining the means that are needed to further grow is probably a better use of capital than the share buyback for the moment. Giorgio?Giorgio ModicaDebt  I mean  three comments on my side on balance sheet and leverage and then I will talk to the question on NPI and market data. The first element is that with the shares down of the portfolio of Euronext Clearing  formerly CC&G  we are as well reducing and improving the creditworthiness of the group that we hope will translate into better rating and for higher financial flexibility which means that to a certain extent  our profile is slightly better than what the 2.1 time net leverage would suggest. This is the first comment.The second comment I would like to make is that clearly when we're looking at the cash on our balance sheet  we are looking as well at the cost opportunity of the cash and clearly now it is much different from what it was even a few months ago  considering that the debt financing rates that we will incur  should we again increase our leverage or secure new debt. When it comes to the NPI  just to be clear  what is going to happen is the following. We’ve disposed the long-term part of our portfolio  and therefore  we have reduced the interest rate mismatch in our clearing business.Before we had 100% of our liability that were indexed on variable rate  but only 75% of the assets; now  we have reduced that to 10%. And from today to the first of May next year  we will progressively let the portfolio of CC&G mature and reinvest in ECB. This is what explains the fact that for two quarters we will have a lower level of NTI at 10 basis points but then starting from the second quarter next year  at that point  we will have 100% of the asset and liability indexed on variable ECB rates and therefore the further evolution of interest rates will have no impact on our stressed net treasury income and we assess that 20 basis points is the level that we can maintain  again  despite the underlying input.Then with respect to your question on market data  the answer is yes. So the price increase in line with inflation was already communicated to the client. And more specifically  the main price changes per market data are communicated around the middle of the year  June  July and reflect the inflation of the previous year. For next year  inflation in prices is going to be around 5% and this is a process that we've always followed. So by the same token  next year  in June  we will revise prices taking into consideration that the actual inflation of 2022 and in 2024 the inflation of the [indiscernible].Arnaud GiblatThat's great  thank you.OperatorThank you. We'll move on to our next question from Matt Moon of KBW  your line is open. Please go ahead.Matt MoonHi  good morning  maybe a couple of questions on expenses. First question  you've done a nice job at containing inflationary pressures this year. But as we look out towards next year  I'm just wondering if you're seeing any signs of those inflationary pressures beginning to ease at all or have those been relatively persistent? And second question on expenses  you highlighted good resilience in your revenues in the third quarter with revenues flat year-on-year. However  if the macro environment continues to worsen from here  and we're in a scenario where revenues begin to decline year-on-year  can you remind us how much flexibility there is to pull back on the cost base maybe naturally in terms of variable expenses? And then would there be other levers that you have to pull in terms of a more challenging -- managing through in a more challenging revenue environment  if that were to come to fruition?Stephane BoujnahI'll give you the big picture and if Giorgio wants to elaborate or complement  he is welcome to do it. You have to understand that cost management has been the fundamental feature of the development of Euronext since 2015  2016. And we are not waiting for pressure on top line or for changing macro environment to deploy those sorts of mechanism internally to create extreme reactivity on cost management. So we are not surprised by the current environment and we already in the process of finalizing the budget for 2023 and as you can imagine  we take appropriate measures. So for us  cost management in difficult macro environment is not something new because it's just cost management  or stress testing on the cost front.Every unit in the organization is part of business as usual. It's not like in other organizations that factor the panic mode development  it's just the ordinary course of business. And I want to insist on that because effective cost management is not intellectually complicated  it's culturally complex. Organizations that are strong at managing costs are organizations with a culture of efficiency and cost discipline is deployed everywhere. And it's very long to put in place  and it's very effective as it exists. So that should be very  very clear. So we have all sorts of measures for adjusting cost based events.Now  when it comes to your first question about persistent inflation  it's clear we have some areas where our cost base is more impacted by inflation than in other areas  I mean  clearly  energy  which is an issue for all data centers  but in most cases  we can pass two or three clients with users  the cost of energy to our clients. For buildings  it is marginal compared to our cost base. We have increased the prices in technology  in hardware and software  in some professional services  and insurances or these types of areas and  clearly  we have to manage very  very carefully the pressure on labor costs.We are doing that in a very differentiated granular manner  there would not be any thumb downs in case of labor costs. And clearly we have to do it in a very differentiated manner  because our themes are spread across Europe and the inflation rates in Europe are very different. As you know  in countries like France is between 5% and 6% inflation  whereas in the Netherlands  it's close to 17%. So  we have to address the impact of inflation on labor cost in a super differentiated manner  in a timely manner and that's the best way to control it and to mitigate the impact for potentially to beat up the inflation -- relation between inflation and labor. Giorgio  do you want to compliment or to add more specific comments?Giorgio ModicaNo. Just to comment  clearly  the inflationary environment gives us an opportunity as well if you look at inflationary trend on revenue as well. We discussed market data  but market data is not going to be the only area on which we will reflect the increased cost in revenue. In the second element  we said our cost base is largely fixed. Having said that  there is no fixed cost in the mid-term  which means that should there be anything above and beyond what we are expecting  arguably that we will have the opportunity to revise our fixed cost base to make sure that we will deliver in any scenario the target promised for 2024.Matt MoonGreat. Thank you very much.OperatorThank you. We'll move on to our next question from Haley Tam of Credit Suisse. Your line is open. Please go ahead.Haley TamGood morning. Thank you very much for taking my questions. If I dare could I ask a question about revenue capture  please  and then also one about your synergies. In terms of revenue capture  obviously  your cash trading yield was high this quarter a 0.53 basis points. Thank you for the education session you did give us a few weeks away. Can you talk to us about the sustainability at this level and how much of the improvement in Q3 was due to the liquidity programs and the customer segmentation you've talked about? And if you could help me understand the possible uplift from a migration of the Borsa Italiana to Euronext rescheduled next March  could you tell us what the current yield is excluding Borsa Italiana?And then if I can a question on synergies just to confirm the 24.4 million euro run rate that you have at the moment with the migration of Borsa to Optiq in March  should I expect that to account for or to better see most of the move to your original 60 million euro target  which I think was set excluding any Euronext excluding uplift. Thank you.Simon GallagherHi  this is --Stephane BoujnahGo ahead  Simon.Simon GallagherYeah  Simon Gallagher  I will answer your questions. So first of all  in terms of the yield performance in Q3  and the good yield performance  this was primarily due to the lower volume environment we witnessed over the quarter and as more volumes are going through the higher priced lower volume tranches of the fee grid. Secondly  in terms of outlook for the yield  I think we're going into an era now where the pricing programs that we are going to roll out going forward will be slightly more focused on capturing incremental volumes at a slightly lower marginal yield. So some of the pricing schemes you've seen us rollout in recent months have involved subscription fees for the first time.So these are very  very small volumes going through these pricing schemes at the moment  but I think -- and  Giorgio  please correct me  but I think some of the yield numbers we saw over the last year with smaller trade sizes contributing significantly to the yield numbers; I think we've seen sort of the top end of the of the yield numbers. Going forward into next year  there will be a number of important points in yield management  notably the integration of the Borsa Italiana volumes onto the Euronext V grid  and the new Euronext V grids  which will apply at that point. And so there will be further opportunities at the end of March for further yield enhancement on segmentation on the legacy bolster business. I don't know Giorgio in terms of any more -- outlook  feel me to be any more precise  please tell me.Giorgio ModicaMaybe a few comments on my side and just make a step back  before the integration of Borsa Italiana  we got it for the 0.50 type of sustainable margin. Now  we are running excluding Borsa Italiana in excess of 10% above that. And if you look at the combination between the market share and the revenue capture  this is still very positive. So clearly  we are not in the previous situation where we have an exceptionally high market share  an exceptionally high level of revenue capture  but the fundamental reasons for us benefit from higher revenue capture remains intact. Euronext remains the point of price formation and we are finally spending more and more time to client to make it even more evident.So what I would say is the following that in terms of the long-term sustainable rate  nothing is changing and we are running above what we define as a long-term sustainable target. So if we adjust the 0.50 for the integration on Borsa Italiana  this would put us in a couple of basis points that 0.47  0.48 and we're running at 0.53. So before that the integration of Borsa Italiana  clearly  we are in a good spot  and there's likely deputies measure will have a very  very limited impact on the overall revenue capture. So the key message is Euronext remains the point of transformation and we believe that in the long term we can sustain the level that we thought were sustainable in the long run at the level of around 0.50 basis points as we said.On the second question on the synergies  I cannot -- we will give more details in the fourth quarter  give to granular feedback  but what I can say is clearly in -- by the end of 2023  most of the synergies communicated will be delivered on a run rate basis. So  this really something that we can confirm there.Haley TamThank you.OperatorThank you. Now we'll move on to our next question from Bruce Hamilton of Morgan Stanley. Your line is open  please go ahead.Bruce HamiltonThanks very much. Couple of questions from me. One  just going back to sort of the NTI or NII on clearing looking forward  so I think if I heard correctly you're saying  think around sort of 20 basis points on the cash collateral. So are we saying that you're pretty insensitive to rates moving higher or do you get any benefit as rates move higher  or -- because Stephane  i.e. you’re paying overnight  but then investing in sort of one in three month  just to understand how that could sort of move in a high rate environment?And then secondly  on the sort of opportunities on the revenue side  I think  in the past  you've talked about the potential to roll out MTS internationally. And I just wondered where you are on that  and how big an opportunity that is  or whether we shouldn't be assuming too much from that. Thank you.Stephane BoujnahOn MTS  I'll make the point and on NTI  Giorgio will answer your question. Progress on MTS internalizations are happening. It's a slow development. What I can tell you is that in certain countries  like for example  France  progress have been significant in terms of volumes already. But it's a slow motion exercise  because it's all about entering into detailed dialogues with debt management offices that do not use the MTS platform for secondary trading for the moment  convincing them that this is a solution that is complementary to the historical relationship they have with primary dealers  clubs  and human interactions with the primary dealers. It's a long process  what we are observing is that in the context where interest rates are increasing  where secondary trading becomes more important and it used to be in a negative or very low interest rates environment. There is more opening and willingness by debt management offices across Europe to listen to the value added -- the added value of MTS solutions. So it's real  but it's slow  but it's starting to become -- to materialize. Giorgio.Giorgio ModicaJust maybe a quick comment on MTS  in the 15.4 billion of cash volumes  what we're seeing is  for example  higher share coming from the trading of French government bonds  the level which is unprecedented. So we are starting to see some first sign of positive traction  but as Stephane said  it is something that needs to be developed. When it comes to NTI  just to be clear  the 20 basis points and the current strategy we are adopting would make us immune to changes of interest rate and therefore we will not benefit from an increase of interest rates. We would have assets at variable rates and liabilities at variable rates  we would have fixed spread between the two. Our strategies does not include  for the moment  any optimization to take advantage of the 20 billion of collateral that shipped with Euronext Clearing at the moment and those billion might further increase following the increase of activity of Euronext Clearing.What would take for us to take a more a different stance would be I believe a few elements. The first one is a normalization of the environment  so an environment where interest rates are slightly more predictable than today; and second  really the assessment and the right balance between risk and reward of the investment of part of the collateral  but for the time being and to be going straight to your question is  with the strategy we’d be insensitive to interest rates  we’d make 20 basis point on collateral and we will not take any counterparty risk because our counterparty would be [indiscernible].Bruce HamiltonGreat. Thank you.OperatorThank you. We'll take our next question from Ian White of Autonomous Research. Your line is open  please go ahead.Ian WhiteHi. Good morning. Thanks for taking my questions. Just a couple from me  please. Firstly  just to sort of wrap up on cash equity trading. Have we seen all of the market share pressure there now? Can we expect stability or even growth in the market share again  from here? It sounds like again  you're sort of reiterating that this is sort of a post pandemic anomaly. So  I just wanted to clarify that we're kind of through that now.Secondly  I just wondered if you could perhaps say a bit more about how taking ownership of the data center might benefit Euronext business over the medium term. Might it help you to increase volumes from some of the larger market makers  since you now owe directly the terms of service for high frequency trading firms  for example  or are there any other particular opportunities we should be thinking about in terms of how the data center feed back into the wider group. Thanks very much.Stephane BoujnahOn the data center front  there are two areas of development. The first one will be clearly commented [Phonetic] by Simon in a minute but in addition to the impact on volumes  we are developing co-location services with the broader complimentary services offered to either market participants or to partners that are not necessarily market participants  but wants to be -- to benefit from the quality of our co-location services for other purposes. So we have launched the new offerings and we are starting to see tractions that are not directly Optiq related co-location services. So we should think about the data center as a new avenue of revenues in terms of technology solutions  and as an enabler  to more volumes or developments in our cash  equity trading going on the other assets trading really. So  Simon  over to you.Simon GallagherThank you  Stephane. So firstly  on the market share questions  so there's been no doubt since post COVID here that the level of competitive intensity on the core cash equities trading business has reverted to pre-COVID levels. So I think it's very good to put the recent movements in context. It wasn't too long ago that some of the big primary markets  including ourselves had market shares below 60% in -- I think it was 2014. And so I think we have seen movements in recent months.And as Giorgio has underlined previously on the call  we dispose off probably more tools in our box of pricing schemes and liquidity schemes than any other market. This week -- and this is all public information  we rolled out a new version of our flagship blue chip [Technical Difficulty] scheme and we're seeing very  very positive initial results on this with a positive effect on market share in the last three days  outperforming peers in particular. And so I think what we're seeing is just a simple reversion to the competitive intensity which was part of everyday life pre-COVID and we're well equipped to deal with that at Euronext.Secondly  just to comment -- Stephane comments on the data center  in addition to the incremental revenues from handling the data center ourselves from an operational perspective  we offer smart hands services  we offer lots of new value-added services  and we're looking at offering non-co-located customers space in the building as well. The impact on this in terms of liquidity is going to take a longer  longer period to settle down. In immediate months since migration  the liquidity impact was surprisingly stable for Euronext  which was very  very good news. So obviously  there's increased latency between ourselves and some of the technology setups of the big banks in London but all this went very  very smoothly.And going forward  I think the big change we'll see is a gradual shift of infrastructure  maybe from the UK environment by the big investment banks  to the triangle of liquidity  which is emerging between Zurich  Bergamo and Frankfurt. And so when these shifts of infrastructure's happen from the big US investment banks  I think this is when we'll start to see the center of sort of the liquidity in latency terms shifting to this new center of gravity in Europe  which will dominate volumes in Europe. So  it's very early days to see the liquidity benefits  but it's definitely going in that direction of travel. So hopefully that adds some color to Stephane’s answer.Ian WhiteThat's very interesting. Thanks for those points.OperatorThank you. We'll take our next question from Tobias Lukesch of Kepler Cheuvreux. Your line is open  please go ahead.Tobias LukeschYes  good morning. Thank you. Two questions on my side  both half answered  so bear with me  please. But I would like to  again  touch a little bit on the very positive integration Stephane you highlighted basically for that quarter. Looking into Q4  I was wondering  since we hardly saw any effects on the synergy side  and also integration costs wise  how we should think about Q4 in particular  and you just highlighted basically the outline for 2023  which is very helpful. And on the cost side  I mean  you said you're now on the planning mode  there will be an update next year with a clear cost target. But I was wondering  it's like if there's a little hint we could use for basically next year  especially maybe Q1  Q2  on the underlying cost side? Thank you.Stephane BoujnahThe only thing I can give you in terms of guidance is to reiterate our first guidance for 2022  which has been the number was revised and awards and that we confirm our cost guidance for 2022 despite inflationary pressure on 2022. The other thing I can confirm is overall guidance in terms of EBITDA growth for the end of before  as announced in November 2021. At this stage  we cannot provide you any guidance for cost in terms of fees nor more  specifically for Q1 or Q2. On the Q4 synergies  that quarterly reporting does not necessarily reflect the whole -- the phase of significant milestones  clearly this quarter was relatively sound in terms of real milestones  in terms of run rate synergies.Q4  we have more run rate synergies to be reported and 2023 will be a very significant in terms of run rate synergies in particular  it is not one thing but in particular because of the Optiq migration  which will have impact on cost  material impact on cost and the possibility of the transition service agreements with the [indiscernible] IT technology services provided by the London Stock Exchange Group to Borsa Italiana but also in terms of internal cost in terms of professional services that been deployed to organize this migration but also in terms of revenues as indicated earlier  with the harmonization of the feed rates for global players operating on the Italian market with the European fee environment  those requests were up. So 2023 will be very material  Q4 will be an active quarter in terms of synergies. I just want to highlight that what is important is that we confirm the overall ambition and target and objective to deliver by the end of 2024  100 million of EBITDA expansion for the group compared to what it was in [indiscernible] is good.Tobias LukeschThank you very much. If I may ask again  on the outlook you gave for 2023  if I got that correctly  you said most of these 60 million revenue synergies you were expecting to realize by 2023. Did I get that correctly?Giorgio ModicaSo what I was saying is that most of the 100 million synergies are expected to be delivered in 2023  including cost management [Phonetic].Tobias LukeschSorry  I had a bad line. So it's the underlying costs  so it's more under 40 million side that you expect that full effect to it by the end of 2023.Giorgio ModicaNo  no. What I said is most of the 100 million  the total target  most of the total synergy target  on run rate basis  is expected to be delivered in 2023  revenues and cost  the two.Tobias LukeschOkay  well understood now. Thank you very much.OperatorWe'll move on to our next question from Andrew Coombs from Citi. Your line is open. Please go ahead.Andrew CoombsGood morning. I think most of mine have been answered. But perhaps I could just ask on financing. I guess three parts of the question. Firstly  you've actually had a positive move both year-on-year and QonQ in the net financing income expense  which you put down to FX translation  but perhaps you could elaborate on that. Secondly  if I look at the split of your gross debt  and you helpfully put in slide 31 as well  it all seems to be fixed  but if you could just confirm that there's nothing floating rate in there. And then finally  given the move that we've seen in rates  does that impact on your thought process on M&A  how big you'd be willing to go your schedule  you want to keep flexibility  but the change in rates and potential implications for financing impact on your thought process as far as M&A is concerned? Thank you.Giorgio ModicaYeah. So to answer your question  yes  correctly  the reduction of net treasury income this quarter is mainly related to NFX wherein we have the revaluation of the stock in foreign currency that they have appreciated against the euro. But as a general trend  we are looking at the decrease  which is going to be recurring over time  because  more and more  we will be able to have a positive interest rate on our billion of cash. So this year  this quarter  that to certain extent  that is very specific FX impact but if we look at the next quarters  and into 2023  we might see as well  a positive trend coming from cashing in the cost opportunity of cash.When it comes to your question  do we factor the cost of debt into M&A? The answer is clearly yes. The answer is clearly yes. Despite the fact that we have a very favorable rates today  our 3 billion have an average maturity is slightly higher than eight year with the rate of 1%. And we are very fortunate to have locked in for a very long time a good rate. Despite that  in assessing any opportunity in the financial structure  we do take into consideration that the prevailing market conditions which are very different from what they were even only 12 months ago. If you can remind me your second question  because I didn't get it correctly  I want to make sure I get it right.Andrew CoombsI guess the other two parts  we're just making sure that all of the gross debt is fixed  there isn't a floating component within it and then  finally  just how you think about M&A in the context of more expensive financing now.Giorgio ModicaYeah  I can confirm that 100% of our debt is fixed  whereas  just as a reference  the same quarter last year  we had a swap in place that was terminated last quarter  and that allowed us to save money. So the decrease in terms of cost of financing is even higher considering that this quarter we are not benefiting from the hedge we have. And then when it comes to the side  again  I can repeat what I just said  in assessing any acquisition  we do consider that the new and prevailing financing condition  so this is what I can say. Then this is the part of the framework. So what we do consider and I can reiterate what we already said  is that our long-term objective is to remain strong investment grade  and financing costs are part of that equation. And the other element that I would like to underline  again  is that we have today more flexibility than we had just a few months ago because of the decision to reduce our fixed income portfolio because that fixed income portfolio was one of the important element triggering and not downgrade for clearing risks. So I believe that these contributors were to increase potentially the envelope available to us for future M&A.Andrew CoombsThat's very helpful. Thank you.OperatorAnd we will now take our last question from Mike Werner of UBS. Your line is open  please go ahead.Mike WernerThank you very much. I had a question regarding the Euronext Clearing opportunities. Can you just tell me where you are with regards to the potential opportunity to clear the derivatives that are traded within Euronext? I know  currently  you have a contract with LCH  it is for LCH Paris to clear that  I think  through 2027. Is there -- when should we think about that from a timing perspective? When is your first opportunity to exit that contract? And if you could provide any color with regards to the cost of that exit and when that should feed through from a revenue perspective into Euronext? Thank you.Giorgio ModicaSo  few considerations. The first one is  unfortunately  for many reason  I cannot answer as precisely as your question would suggest. What I can say is  unfortunately  general is the fact that as Euronext  we are money minded to migrate and to extend the activity of Euronext Clearing to clear the derivatives of the whole Euronext franchise. However  to do that  this is a decision making process on timing  which is not concluded and  therefore  I cannot elaborate further. Once we will have completed this process  we will inform and follow the necessary steps and just to give you a very clear indication  it is clearly  we will need to -- I mean  we will need to follow a number of very precise steps in the decision making process on the timing  it is not over yet. So  unfortunately  I cannot comment further.Mike WernerThank you. And kind of just a quick follow up. So  you said that most of the 100 million of synergy opportunities should be delivered on a run rate basis by the end of next year. So I can presume that any impact coming from the internalization of derivative clearing is not included in that 100 million?Giorgio ModicaAgain  I cannot comment further and add any detail that might entail the date of a potential termination of our derivative clearing arrangement with the list.Mike WernerOkay  thank you very much.OperatorThank you. There are no further questions. I will now hand you back to your host to conclude today's conference. Thank you.Stephane BoujnahThank you very much for your time and wish you a very good day.OperatorLadies and gentlemen  this concludes today's call. Thank you for your participation. Stay safe. You may now disconnect.,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.36,0.23,0.41,True,English,"['Stephane Boujnah Q3 2022 Results', 'Euronext N.V.', 'Earnings Call Transcript', 'EUXTF', 'CEO', 'new core data center revenues', 'Euronext third quarter 2022 results conference call', 'Non volume related underlying revenues', 'Euronext Third Quarter 202 Results Call', 'lead diversified revenue stream', 'Q3 2022 Earnings Conference Call', 'cumulated run-rate EBITDA synergies', 'Borsa Italiana group integration', 'Conference Call Participants', 'volume related activities', 'advanced data services', 'volume related revenue', 'diversified business model', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'partial portfolio disposal', 'interest rate variations', '2023 Annual General Meeting', 'lower trading volume', 'Borsa Italiana integration', 'first full quarter', 'Chief Financial Officer', 'cumulated implementation costs', 'Euronext N.V.', 'leading trading venue', 'underlying operating expenses', 'quarter third quarter', 'technology solutions revenue', 'unrivaled market quality', 'net treasury income', 'continuing cost discipline', '612 million cost guidance', 'underlying expenses', 'net income', 'Q2 results', 'Treasury costs', 'EBITDA margin', 'trademark discipline', 'cost side', 'Euronext CFO', 'Euronext Clearing', 'trading businesses', 'forex trading', 'power trading', 'Company Participants', 'market participants', 'travel expenses', 'cost performance', 'adjusted EBITDA', 'total revenue', 'Stephane Boujnah', 'Giorgio Modica', 'Simon Gallagher', 'Arnaud Giblat', 'BNP Paribas', 'Matt Moon', 'Haley Tam', 'Credit Suisse', 'Bruce Hamilton', 'Morgan Stanley', 'Ian White', 'Autonomous Research', 'Tobias Lukesch', 'Kepler Cheuvreux', 'Andrew Coombs', 'Mike Werner', 'UBS Operator', 'Managing Board', 'Management Board', 'main businesses', 'financial highlights', 'macro environment', 'migration report', 'equity markets', 'double-digit growth', 'capital loss', '35 million prospects', 'D&A.', 'normalized level', 'inflationary pressure', 'usual seasonality', 'slight decrease', 'interim dividends', 'successful migration', 'major milestones', 'significant project', 'solid performance', 'strong performance', 'future impact', 'negative impact', 'auditing position', 'equity listings', '350.3 million euro', 'Euroclear dividend', '18 listings', '1.21 euro', 'OTCPK', 'EUXTF', 'Chairman', 'Head', 'Cash', 'Derivatives', 'KBW', 'Citi', 'name', 'Laura', 'coordinator', 'today', 'event', 'host', 'CEO', 'everybody', 'webcast', 'resilience', 'strength', 'Europe', 'depth', 'addition', 'enlisting', 'industry', 'contribution', 'June', 'commodities', 'basis', 'tax', 'account', 'increase', 'marketing', 'pandemic', 'year', 'ability', 'EPS', 'share', 'mind', 'Q4', 'relation', 'targeted', 'quarters', 'delivery', 'continuation', '0.71']",2022-11-07,2022-11-08,seekingalpha.com
12838,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2022/11/08/2550435/0/en/Members-of-Enento-Group-s-Shareholders-Nomination-Board-have-been-appointed.html,Members of Enento Group’s Shareholders’ Nomination Board have been appointed,ENENTO GROUP PLC  STOCK EXCHANGE RELEASE ON 8 NOVEMBER 2022 AT 09.00 A.M. EET  Members of Enento Group’s Shareholders’ Nomination Board have been...,English FinnishENENTO GROUP PLC  STOCK EXCHANGE RELEASE ON 8 NOVEMBER 2022 AT 09.00 A.M. EETMembers of Enento Group’s Shareholders’ Nomination Board have been appointedThe Shareholders' Nomination Board of Enento Group Plc prepares proposals in relation to the election and remuneration of members of the Board of Directors to the next Annual General Meeting.Based on the Nomination Board’s Charter  representatives of the three largest shareholders as at the end of September are appointed to the Nomination Board.The Chairman of the Company’s Board of Directors and a person nominated by the Board of Directors are expert members of the Nomination Board.The three largest shareholders according to the share register as on 30 September 2022 were Sampo Plc  Nordea Bank Abp and Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB.The companies appointed Petri Niemisvirta (Sampo Plc)  Mats Torstendahl (Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB) and Hugo Preutz (Nordea Bank Abp) as members of the Nomination Board. Patrick Lapveteläinen is a member of the Nomination Board as the Chairman of the Board of Directors.The Board has elected Petri Niemisvirta as Chairman.2. Composition and Election of the Nomination BoardThe largest shareholders of the Company on 30 September are determined on the basis of the shareholders’ register of the Company held by Euroclear Finland Ltd. Holdings by a shareholder  who under the Finnish Securities Market Act has the obligation to disclose its shareholdings (flagging obligation) that are divided into several funds or registers will be summed up when calculating the share of all the voting rights  provided that the shareholder presents a written request to that effect to the Chairperson of the Company’s Board of Directors no later than on 29 September preceding the next Annual General Meeting.The Nomination Board consists of four members  three of which represent the Company’s three largest shareholders who  on 30 September preceding the next Annual General Meeting  hold the largest number of votes calculated of all shares in the Company. The Chairperson of the Board of Directors shall  as expert member  be member of the Nomination Board.The proposals of the Nomination Board will be included in the invitation to the Annual General Meeting.ENENTO GROUP PLCFor further information:Juuso Jokela  Legal CounselEnento Group PlcTel. +358 10 270 7403Distribution:Nasdaq HelsinkiMajor mediaenento.com/investorsEnento Group is a Nordic knowledge company powering society with intelligence since 1905. We collect and transform data into intelligence and knowledge used in interactions between people  businesses and societies. Our digital services  data and information empower companies and consumers in their daily digital decision processes  as well as financial processes and sales and marketing processes. Approximately 449 people are working for Enento Group in Finland  Norway  Sweden and Denmark. The Group’s net sales for 2021 was 163.5 MEUR. Enento Group is listed on Nasdaq Helsinki with the trading code ENENTO.,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['Shareholders’ Nomination Board', 'Enento Group', 'Members', 'Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB', 'next Annual General Meeting', 'Finnish Securities Market Act', 'Euroclear Finland Ltd. Holdings', 'daily digital decision processes', ""The Shareholders' Nomination Board"", 'Nordea Bank Abp', 'Patrick Lapveteläinen', 'three largest shareholders', 'ENENTO GROUP PLC', 'Shareholders’ Nomination Board', 'The Nomination Board', 'Nordic knowledge company', 'The Group', 'English Finnish', 'digital services', 'shareholders’ register', 'Sampo Plc', 'financial processes', 'marketing processes', 'The Board', 'largest number', 'Petri Niemisvirta', 'Mats Torstendahl', 'Hugo Preutz', 'several funds', 'voting rights', 'written request', 'Juuso Jokela', 'Legal Counsel', 'Nasdaq Helsinki', 'Major media', 'trading code', 'share register', 'flagging obligation', 'net sales', 'expert members', 'four members', 'EXCHANGE', '8 NOVEMBER', '09.00 A', 'proposals', 'relation', 'election', 'remuneration', 'Directors', 'Charter', 'representatives', 'September', 'Chairman', 'person', 'companies', 'Composition', 'basis', 'shareholdings', 'registers', 'effect', 'votes', 'shares', 'invitation', 'information', 'Tel.', 'Distribution', 'investors', 'society', 'intelligence', 'data', 'interactions', 'people', 'businesses', 'societies', 'consumers', 'Norway', 'Sweden', 'Denmark', '163.5 MEUR', '2021']",2022-11-08,2022-11-08,globenewswire.com
12839,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,USAlliance  Marriott Employees' federal credit unions plan to join forces #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/SIc6E8XXqX #regtech,nan,USAlliance  Marriott Employees' federal credit unions plan to join forces #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/SIc6E8XXqX #regtech,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,True,English,"[""Marriott Employees' federal credit unions"", 'USAlliance', 'forces', 'Fintech', ""Marriott Employees' federal credit unions"", 'USAlliance', 'forces', 'Fintech']",2022-11-08,2022-11-08,Unknown
12840,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,@UKstockpicker It’ll likely be tricky if settles through Euroclear.   Send me isin and I’ll have a look.,nan,@UKstockpicker It’ll likely be tricky if settles through Euroclear.   Send me isin and I’ll have a look.,negative,0.0,0.01,0.99,negative,0.0,0.01,0.99,True,English,"['UKstockpicker', 'Euroclear', 'look', 'UKstockpicker', 'Euroclear', 'look']",2022-11-08,2022-11-08,Unknown
12841,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,#Euroclear is looking to hire talented and committed #DataEngineers to be based in #Paris. Check out the link below… https://t.co/do6rY88S4o,nan,#Euroclear is looking to hire talented and committed #DataEngineers to be based in #Paris. Check out the link below… https://t.co/do6rY88S4o,neutral,0.15,0.84,0.01,neutral,0.15,0.84,0.01,True,English,"['talented', 'link', 'talented', 'link']",2022-11-08,2022-11-08,Unknown
12842,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,@CaraCastronuova talking on WABC right now. Voted at the Clearstream firehouse earlier for you!,nan,@CaraCastronuova talking on WABC right now. Voted at the Clearstream firehouse earlier for you!,neutral,0.19,0.79,0.02,neutral,0.19,0.79,0.02,True,English,"['Clearstream firehouse', 'WABC', 'Clearstream firehouse', 'WABC']",2022-11-08,2022-11-08,Unknown
12843,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,@thejointstaff G'morning galThe lipizan clearing since the Clearstream clearance in sh zayed road in 2005 and the… https://t.co/pEfXVwzEqn,nan,@thejointstaff G'morning galThe lipizan clearing since the Clearstream clearance in sh zayed road in 2005 and the… https://t.co/pEfXVwzEqn,neutral,0.08,0.91,0.01,neutral,0.08,0.91,0.01,True,English,"['sh zayed road', 'lipizan clearing', 'Clearstream clearance', 'gal', 'sh zayed road', 'lipizan clearing', 'Clearstream clearance', 'gal']",2022-11-08,2022-11-08,Unknown
12844,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,Euro-Investors: Clearstream offers service to recycle (resubmit) failed trades. Trade is cancelled after 60 calenda… https://t.co/3l0mIQB1FD,nan,Euro-Investors: Clearstream offers service to recycle (resubmit) failed trades. Trade is cancelled after 60 calenda… https://t.co/3l0mIQB1FD,negative,0.0,0.09,0.91,negative,0.0,0.09,0.91,True,English,"['failed trades', 'Euro-Investors', 'Clearstream', 'service', '60 calenda', 'failed trades', 'Euro-Investors', 'Clearstream', 'service', '60 calenda']",2022-11-08,2022-11-08,Unknown
12845,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,@XRP_Productions Huge pump for #XRP tomorrow or I drain all your accounts at Clearstream Banks in LUX-embourg City.,nan,@XRP_Productions Huge pump for #XRP tomorrow or I drain all your accounts at Clearstream Banks in LUX-embourg City.,neutral,0.04,0.91,0.05,neutral,0.04,0.91,0.05,True,English,"['Clearstream Banks', 'accounts', 'Clearstream Banks', 'accounts']",2022-11-07,2022-11-08,Unknown
12846,Deutsche Boerse,Bing API,https://financefeeds.com/eurex-introduces-incentive-program-to-win-clearing-business-from-uk-rivals/,Eurex introduces incentive program to win clearing business from UK rivals,To support buy-side clients starting clearing OTC interest rate derivatives positions in the EU  Deutsche Börse’s derivatives-focused exchange  Eurex is now offering special incentives.,To support buy-side clients starting clearing OTC interest rate derivatives positions in the EU  Deutsche Börse’s derivatives-focused exchange  Eurex is now offering special incentives.,neutral,0.04,0.96,0.0,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,True,English,"['incentive program', 'UK rivals', 'Eurex', 'business', 'OTC interest rate derivatives positions', 'Deutsche Börse', 'buy-side clients', 'derivatives-focused exchange', 'special incentives', 'Eurex']",2022-11-08,2022-11-08,financefeeds.com
12847,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,Google Cloud Next - How Deutsche Börse Group increased availability &amp; automation by migrating their SAP implementat… https://t.co/jUI44li6IH,nan,Google Cloud Next - How Deutsche Börse Group increased availability &amp; automation by migrating their SAP implementat… https://t.co/jUI44li6IH,neutral,0.07,0.92,0.01,neutral,0.07,0.92,0.01,True,English,"['Deutsche Börse Group', 'Google Cloud', 'SAP implementat', 'availability', 'amp', 'automation', 'Deutsche Börse Group', 'Google Cloud', 'SAP implementat', 'availability', 'amp', 'automation']",2022-11-08,2022-11-08,Unknown
12848,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,@shimmernet @CryptoFinanceAG @DeutscheBoerse Just for the note - Deutsche Börse AG is the ultimate parent entity of… https://t.co/U0MZg5lXXT,nan,@shimmernet @CryptoFinanceAG @DeutscheBoerse Just for the note - Deutsche Börse AG is the ultimate parent entity of… https://t.co/U0MZg5lXXT,neutral,0.07,0.91,0.02,neutral,0.07,0.91,0.02,True,English,"['Deutsche Börse AG', 'ultimate parent entity', 'shimmernet', 'CryptoFinanceAG', 'DeutscheBoerse', 'note', 'U0MZg5lXXT', 'Deutsche Börse AG', 'ultimate parent entity', 'shimmernet', 'CryptoFinanceAG', 'DeutscheBoerse', 'note', 'U0MZg5lXXT']",2022-11-08,2022-11-08,Unknown
12849,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,Retweet selected by the https://t.co/kmOCQTGgyJ team |  Deutsche Boerse  Swisscom Settle Securities with Corda and… https://t.co/hM8sqE8vuI,nan,Retweet selected by the https://t.co/kmOCQTGgyJ team |  Deutsche Boerse  Swisscom Settle Securities with Corda and… https://t.co/hM8sqE8vuI,neutral,0.14,0.85,0.01,neutral,0.14,0.85,0.01,True,English,"['kmOCQTGgyJ team', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'Retweet', 'Swisscom', 'Securities', 'Corda', 'kmOCQTGgyJ team', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'Retweet', 'Swisscom', 'Securities', 'Corda']",2022-11-08,2022-11-08,Unknown
12850,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,@shimmernet @CryptoFinanceAG @DeutscheBoerse Please be aware! That’s how these scammers try to manipulate you! De… https://t.co/ipy8ITOWAG,nan,@shimmernet @CryptoFinanceAG @DeutscheBoerse Please be aware! That’s how these scammers try to manipulate you! De… https://t.co/ipy8ITOWAG,negative,0.0,0.0,1.0,negative,0.0,0.0,1.0,True,English,"['shimmernet', 'CryptoFinanceAG', 'DeutscheBoerse', 'scammers', 'shimmernet', 'CryptoFinanceAG', 'DeutscheBoerse', 'scammers']",2022-11-08,2022-11-08,Unknown
12851,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/sequana-medical-present-jefferies-london-060000057.html,Sequana Medical to present at Jefferies London Healthcare Conference,"Ghent  Belgium – 8 November 2022 – Sequana Medical NV (Euronext Brussels: SEQUA  the ""Company"" or ""Sequana Medical"")  a pioneer in the treatment of drug...","Sequana Medical NVGhent  Belgium – 8 November 2022 – Sequana Medical NV (Euronext Brussels: SEQUA  the ""Company"" or ""Sequana Medical"")  a pioneer in the treatment of drug-resistant fluid overload in liver disease  heart failure and cancer  today announces that Ian Crosbie  Chief Executive Officer  will present at the Jefferies London Healthcare Conference  taking place from 15 to 17 November 2022.The Company will provide an update on its alfapump® program  which has recently reported positive primary endpoint data from the North American pivotal POSEIDON study in recurrent or refractory ascites due to liver cirrhosis  enabling the filing of a Pre-Market Approval (PMA) application with the FDA  planned for H2 2023. The Company will also provide an update on DSR® (Direct Sodium Removal)  its disease-modifying drug program for the treatment of heart failure  for which a US randomized controlled Phase 1b/2a clinical study is planned to begin in H1 2023.Details company presentation with live webcastThursday  17 November 2022 at 10:55 am GMT / 11:55 am CETTo register for the webcast  click hereThe presentation and a replay of the webcast will be available on Sequana Medical's Investors website shortly after the eventRegistered investors can request a one-on-one meeting with Sequana Medical management via the online meeting platform of the conference or by contacting the Company at IR@sequanamedical.com.For more information  please contact:Sequana MedicalLies VannesteDirector Investor RelationsE: IR@sequanamedical.comT: +32 (0)498 053579Optimum Strategic CommunicationsMary Clark  Nick Bastin  Vici RabbettsE: Sequana@optimumcomms.comT: +44 (0)7931 500 066About Sequana MedicalSequana Medical NV is a pioneer in treating drug-resistant fluid overload  a serious and frequent clinical complication in patients with liver disease  heart failure and cancer. Fluid overload is a well-recognized problem in these growing diseases  causing severe problems for the large number of patients for whom current medicines are no longer effective. These patients can have up to 15 liters of extra fluid in their bodies  causing major medical issues including increased mortality  repeated hospitalizations  severe pain  difficult breathing and restricted mobility that severely impacts daily life.Story continuesalfapump® and DSR® are Sequana Medical’s proprietary platforms that work with the body to remove this excess fluid  delivering major clinical and quality of life benefits for patients and reducing costs for healthcare systems. Sequana Medical is listed on Euronext Brussels (Ticker: SEQUA.BR) and headquartered in Ghent  Belgium. For further information  please visit www.sequanamedical.com .Important Regulatory DisclaimersThe alfapump® system is currently not approved in the United States or Canada. In the United States and Canada  the alfapump system is currently under clinical investigation (POSEIDON Study) and is being studied in adult patients with refractory or recurrent ascites due to cirrhosis. For more information regarding the POSEIDON clinical study see www.poseidonstudy.com. DSR® therapy is still in development and it should be noted that any statements regarding safety and efficacy arise from ongoing pre-clinical and clinical investigations which have yet to be completed. DSR therapy is currently not approved for clinical research in the United States or Canada. There is no link between DSR therapy and ongoing investigations with the alfapump system in Europe  the United States or Canada.Note: alfapump® is a registered trademark. DSR® is a registered trademark in the Benelux  China  the EU  United Kingdom  and Hong Kong.Forward-looking statementsThis press release may contain predictions  estimates or other information that might be considered forward-looking statements. Such forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance. These forward-looking statements represent the current judgment of Sequana Medical on what the future holds  and are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially. Sequana Medical expressly disclaims any obligation or undertaking to release any updates or revisions to any forward-looking statements in this press release  except if specifically required to do so by law or regulation. You should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements  which reflect the opinions of Sequana Medical only as of the date of this press release.Attachments",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.27,0.1,0.62,True,English,"['Jefferies London Healthcare Conference', 'Sequana Medical', 'US randomized controlled Phase 1b/2a clinical study', 'Lies Vanneste Director Investor Relations', 'North American pivotal POSEIDON study', 'positive primary endpoint data', 'Pre-Market Approval (PMA) application', 'Jefferies London Healthcare Conference', 'POSEIDON clinical study', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'Direct Sodium Removal', 'Optimum Strategic Communications', 'frequent clinical complication', 'up to 15 liters', 'Important Regulatory Disclaimers', 'disease-modifying drug program', 'online meeting platform', 'drug-resistant fluid overload', 'major medical issues', 'Sequana Medical NV', 'Sequana Medical management', 'Such forward-looking statements', 'Details company presentation', 'The alfapump® system', 'major clinical', 'healthcare systems', 'clinical investigation', 'clinical research', 'one meeting', 'extra fluid', 'excess fluid', 'alfapump® program', 'alfapump system', 'The Company', 'Euronext Brussels', 'liver disease', 'heart failure', 'Ian Crosbie', 'Investors website', 'Registered investors', 'Mary Clark', 'Nick Bastin', 'Vici Rabbetts', 'growing diseases', 'severe problems', 'large number', 'current medicines', 'repeated hospitalizations', 'severe pain', 'difficult breathing', 'restricted mobility', 'daily life', 'proprietary platforms', 'life benefits', 'United States', 'ongoing pre-clinical', 'ongoing investigations', 'United Kingdom', 'Hong Kong', 'press release', 'current judgment', 'actual results', 'undue reliance', 'refractory ascites', 'liver cirrhosis', 'SEQUA.BR', 'recurrent ascites', 'DSR® therapy', 'DSR therapy', 'registered trademark', 'future performance', 'live webcast', 'other information', 'adult patients', 'Ghent', 'Belgium', '8 November', 'pioneer', 'treatment', 'cancer', 'place', '17 November', 'update', 'filing', 'FDA', 'H2', 'H1', 'Thursday', 'GMT', 'CET', 'replay', 'event', 'sequanamedical', 'serious', 'bodies', 'increased', 'mortality', 'Story', 'body', 'quality', 'costs', 'Ticker', 'Canada', 'development', 'safety', 'efficacy', 'link', 'Europe', 'Note', 'Benelux', 'China', 'predictions', 'estimates', 'guarantees', 'risks', 'uncertainties', 'obligation', 'undertaking', 'revisions', 'law', 'regulation', 'opinions', 'Attachments', '10:55', '11:55']",2022-11-08,2022-11-08,finance.yahoo.com
12852,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/deinove-announces-opening-receivership-proceedings-164500919.html,Deinove Announces the Opening of Receivership Proceedings,DEINOVE (Euronext Growth Paris: ALDEI)  a French biotech company  pioneer in the exploration and exploitation of bacterial biodiversity to address the urgent...,"DeinoveDEINOVE (Euronext Growth Paris: ALDEI)  a French biotech company  pioneer in the exploration and exploitation of bacterial biodiversity to address the urgent  global challenge of antibiotic resistance  announces that  following the Company's request (press release published on October 28  2022)  the Montpellier Commercial Court decided on November 7  2022 to open receivership proceedings (“procédure de redressement judiciaire”) with an observation period (“période d'observation”) of 6 weeks from the opening judgment  during which time the Company will continue its current activities.The Court also appointed the firm FHBX in the person of Maître Jean-François Blanc as receiver (“administrateur judiciaire”).""With the cooperation of the receiver  we will examine all possible recovery solutions"" says Alexis Rideau  Chief Executive Officer of DEINOVE.The purpose of these proceedings is to evaluate all solutions that could enable the Company to continue its business activity  maintain employment  and pay off its liabilities under the best possible conditions  and also to initiate a process to attract investors within the framework of a recovery plan by way of continuation or a sale plan.Regular press releases will be issued as the receivership proceedings progress.The listing of the Company's shares (ISIN: FR0010879056)  which was suspended on October 28  2022  will resume on November 8  2022.ABOUT DEINOVEDEINOVE is a French biotechnology company pioneering the exploration of a new domain of life  unexplored at 99.9%: the “microbial dark matter”. By revealing the metabolic potential of rare bacteria or still classified as uncultivable  it tackles a global health and economic challenge: antimicrobial resistance.The new therapies discovered and developed by DEINOVE target superbugs (microbes that have become resistant to one or more antimicrobials) that cause life-threatening infections which are now spreading at high speed.This breakthrough approach gave rise to one of the world’s first specialized micro-biotechnology platforms and a unique collection of nearly 10 000 rare strains and thousands of bacterial extracts. Today  DEINOVE is conducting several development programs  of which its first antibiotic candidate is currently evaluated in a Phase II clinical trial in severe Clostridioides difficile infection  one of the world’s first emergencies. The Company has also developed new bacterial micro-factories that address the other issue in the race against antimicrobial resistance: the industrial production of these rare and low concentrated compounds with often too complex chemical structures to be generated by chemical synthesis.Story continuesLocated at the heart of the Euromedecine park in Montpellier  DEINOVE has been listed on EURONEXT GROWTH® (ALDEI – code ISIN FR0010879056) since 2010. The Company has 45 employees and relies on a network of world-class academic  technological  industrial and institutional partners.CONTACTSInvestorsMario AlcarazChief Financial and Administrative Officer+33 (0)4 48 19 01 00ir@deinove.comMediaATCG Partners+33 (0)9 81 87 46 72communication@deinove.comAttachment",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.11,0.25,0.64,True,English,"['Receivership Proceedings', 'Deinove', 'Opening', 'Maître Jean-François Blanc', 'procédure de redressement judiciaire', 'Phase II clinical trial', 'severe Clostridioides difficile infection', 'first specialized micro-biotechnology platforms', 'world-class academic, technological, industrial', 'best possible conditions', 'microbial dark matter', 'several development programs', 'low concentrated compounds', 'Regular press releases', 'first antibiotic candidate', 'complex chemical structures', 'Euronext Growth Paris', 'urgent, global challenge', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'French biotech company', 'French biotechnology company', 'new bacterial micro-factories', 'Montpellier Commercial Court', 'possible recovery solutions', 'receivership proceedings progress', 'administrateur judiciaire', 'first emergencies', 'industrial production', 'EURONEXT GROWTH®', 'antibiotic resistance', 'The Court', 'recovery plan', 'global health', 'economic challenge', 'chemical synthesis', 'Chief Financial', 'Administrative Officer', 'bacterial biodiversity', 'new domain', 'new therapies', 'bacterial extracts', 'période', 'opening judgment', 'current activities', 'Alexis Rideau', 'business activity', 'sale plan', 'metabolic potential', 'antimicrobial resistance', 'life-threatening infections', 'high speed', 'breakthrough approach', 'unique collection', 'other issue', 'Euromedecine park', 'institutional partners', 'Mario Alcaraz', 'ATCG Partners', 'The Company', 'rare bacteria', '10,000 rare strains', 'observation period', 'Deinove', 'ALDEI', 'pioneer', 'exploration', 'exploitation', 'request', 'October', 'November', '6 weeks', 'time', 'firm', 'FHBX', 'person', 'cooperation', 'purpose', 'employment', 'liabilities', 'process', 'investors', 'framework', 'way', 'continuation', 'listing', 'shares', 'superbugs', 'microbes', 'antimicrobials', 'rise', 'thousands', 'race', 'Story', 'heart', 'code', 'ISIN', '45 employees', 'network', 'CONTACTS', 'Media', 'communication', 'Attachment', '9']",2022-11-07,2022-11-08,finance.yahoo.com
12853,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/signify-proposes-appoint-sophie-bechu-070000817.html,Signify proposes to appoint Sophie Bechu as Supervisory Board member,Press Release November 8  2022 Signify proposes to appoint Sophie Bechu as Supervisory Board member Eindhoven  the Netherlands – Signify (Euronext: LIGHT...,SignifyPress ReleaseNovember 8  2022Signify proposes to appoint Sophie Bechu as Supervisory Board memberEindhoven  the Netherlands – Signify (Euronext: LIGHT)  the world leader in lighting  today announces that its Supervisory Board will propose the appointment of Mrs. Sophie Bechu as a member of the Supervisory Board at the Annual General Meeting of Shareholders (AGM) to be held in May 2023. Mrs. Bechu will attend Supervisory Board meetings as observer until the AGM vote.Sophie Bechu (French/American  61) has been a member of the Board of Directors of Quotient Limited since September 2022. During her long career  she has built up extensive executive experience in operations  services and technology. From 2016 to October 2022  she served as Chief Operations Officer on the Executive Committee of Royal Philips  where she established Philips’ integrated supply chain organization  and optimized the supplier base and manufacturing footprint with cost  efficiency and sustainability in mind. Prior to this  Mrs. Bechu worked for over 30 years with IBM Corporation  where she held various executive positions  most recently Vice President  Strategic Outsourcing  North America Delivery. In these roles  she drove operational excellence in operations  business transformation  service/solutions delivery and IT services delivery.Mrs. Bechu holds an Automation  Electrical Engineering decree from the École supérieure d’électricité in Paris. Mrs. Bechu has lived and worked in France  Hong Kong  India  US and the Netherlands.“We are very pleased that Mrs. Bechu is available to join our board ” said Mr. Arthur van der Poel  Chair of the Supervisory Board of Signify. “She has a wealth of experience in operations and a strong connection to the US market  which since our acquisition of Cooper Lighting Solutions in 2020 has become increasingly important for Signify.”Additional information on the composition of the Supervisory Board can be found here.Story continues--- END ---For further information  please contact:Signify Investor RelationsThelke GerdesTel: +31 6 1801 7131E-mail: thelke.gerdes@signify.comSignify Corporate CommunicationsAbigail LeveneTel: +31 6 2939 3895E-mail: abigail.levene@signify.comAbout SignifySignify (Euronext: LIGHT) is the world leader in lighting for professionals and consumers and lighting for the Internet of Things. Our Philips products  Interact connected lighting systems and data-enabled services deliver business value and transform life in homes  buildings and public spaces. In 2021  we had sales of EUR 6.9 billion  approximately 37 000 employees and a presence in over 70 countries. We unlock the extraordinary potential of light for brighter lives and a better world. We achieved carbon neutrality in 2020  have been in the Dow Jones Sustainability World Index since our IPO for five consecutive years and were named Industry Leader in 2017   2018 and 2019 . News from Signify is located at the Newsroom   Twitter   LinkedIn and Instagram . Information for investors can be found on the Investor Relations page.Market Abuse RegulationThis press release contains information within the meaning of Article 7(1) of the EU Market Abuse Regulation.Attachment,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.38,0.18,0.43,True,English,"['Supervisory Board member', 'Sophie Bechu', 'Signify', 'Mr. Arthur van der Poel', 'Dow Jones Sustainability World Index', 'integrated supply chain organization', 'Interact connected lighting systems', 'EU Market Abuse Regulation', 'Annual General Meeting', 'Electrical Engineering decree', 'various executive positions', 'North America Delivery', 'Cooper Lighting Solutions', 'five consecutive years', 'Investor Relations page', 'extensive executive experience', 'IT services delivery', 'Chief Operations Officer', 'Supervisory Board meetings', 'Mrs. Sophie Bechu', 'Supervisory Board member', 'Executive Committee', 'service/solutions delivery', 'world leader', 'US market', 'Mrs. Bechu', 'Press Release', 'Quotient Limited', 'long career', 'supplier base', 'manufacturing footprint', 'IBM Corporation', 'Vice President', 'Strategic Outsourcing', 'operational excellence', 'business transformation', 'supérieure', 'Hong Kong', 'strong connection', 'Corporate Communications', 'data-enabled services', 'business value', 'public spaces', 'extraordinary potential', 'brighter lives', 'carbon neutrality', 'Industry Leader', 'Royal Philips', 'Philips products', 'AGM vote', 'Thelke Gerdes', 'Additional information', 'Abigail Levene', '30 years', 'Signify', 'Eindhoven', 'Netherlands', 'appointment', 'Shareholders', 'May', 'observer', 'French/American', 'Directors', 'September', 'technology', 'October', 'cost', 'efficiency', 'mind', 'over', 'roles', 'électricité', 'Paris', 'France', 'India', 'Chair', 'wealth', 'acquisition', 'composition', 'Story', 'Tel', 'mail', 'Euronext', 'professionals', 'consumers', 'Internet', 'Things', 'life', 'homes', 'buildings', 'sales', '37,000 employees', 'presence', '70 countries', 'IPO', 'News', 'Twitter', 'LinkedIn', 'Instagram', 'investors', 'meaning', 'Attachment', '31']",2022-11-08,2022-11-08,finance.yahoo.com
12854,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/tetragon-financial-group-limited-dividend-123800508.html,Tetragon Financial Group Limited Dividend Information in Respect of Q3 2022,On 26 October 2022  the Board of Directors of Tetragon declared a dividend of U.S.$0.11 (11.00 cents) per share in respect of the third quarter of 2022. The ...,LONDON  Nov. 8  2022 /PRNewswire/ -- On 26 October 2022  the Board of Directors of Tetragon declared a dividend of U.S.$0.11 (11.00 cents) per share in respect of the third quarter of 2022. The ex-dividend date is 1 November 2022. The record date is 2 November 2022. Payment of the dividend will take place from 25 November 2022.Tetragon's website (www.tetragoninv.com) includes information on Tetragon's Optional Stock Dividend Plan for those shareholders electing to receive dividends in the form of Tetragon shares. Shareholders may elect to receive dividends in the form of Tetragon shares by making a dividend share election up to 14 November 2022. If no election is made  the dividend will be paid in cash from 25 November 2022.Cash dividends may be received in Sterling by those shareholders making a dividend currency election up to 14 November 2022. If no election is made  the dividend will be paid in U.S. dollars from 25 November 2022.The reference price for shares delivered in lieu of cash is U.S. $9.40  resulting in a conversion ratio of one newly issued share for every 85.45 dividend rights held. The reference price is based on the volume‑weighted average of the trading prices of a non-voting share on Euronext Amsterdam N.V. for the five-day trading period (treated as a single period) from 1 November to 7 November 2022.For further information on the Optional Stock Dividend Plan  please refer to the brochure on Tetragon's website.About Tetragon:Tetragon is a closed-ended investment company that invests in a broad range of assets  including public and private equities and credit (including distressed securities and structured credit)  convertible bonds  real estate  venture capital  infrastructure  bank loans and TFG Asset Management  a diversified alternative asset management business. Where appropriate  through TFG Asset Management  Tetragon seeks to own all  or a portion  of asset management companies with which it invests in order to enhance the returns achieved on its capital. Tetragon's investment objective is to generate distributable income and capital appreciation. It aims to provide stable returns to investors across various credit  equity  interest rate  inflation and real estate cycles. The company's non-voting shares are traded on Euronext in Amsterdam  a regulated market of Euronext Amsterdam N.V.  and on the Specialist Fund Segment of the main market of the London Stock Exchange. For more information please visit the company's website at www.tetragoninv.com.Story continuesTetragon:Yuko Thomas Investor Relations ir@tetragoninv.com Press Inquiries:Prosek Partners Pro-tetragon@prosek.comUnited States Ryan FitzGibbon Remy Marin +1 646 818 9298 +1 646 818 9234 United Kingdom Henrietta Dehn Alexa Bethell +44 7717 281 665 +44 7940 166 251This release does not contain or constitute an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to purchase securities in the United States or any other jurisdiction. The securities of Tetragon have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933 and may not be offered or sold in the United States or to U.S. persons unless they are registered under applicable law or exempt from registration. Tetragon does not intend to register any portion of its securities in the United States or to conduct a public offer of securities in the United States. In addition  Tetragon has not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Investment Company Act of 1940  and investors will not be entitled to the benefits of such Act. Tetragon is registered in the public register of the Netherlands Authority for the Financial Markets under Section 1:107 of the Financial Markets Supervision Act as a collective investment scheme from a designated country.CisionView original content:https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/tetragon-financial-group-limited-dividend-information-in-respect-of-q3-2022-301671542.htmlSOURCE Tetragon Financial Group Limited,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.41,0.24,0.35,True,English,"['Tetragon Financial Group Limited Dividend Information', 'Respect', 'Q3', 'United Kingdom Henrietta Dehn Alexa Bethell', 'United States Ryan FitzGibbon Remy Marin', 'diversified alternative asset management business', 'SOURCE Tetragon Financial Group Limited', 'U.S. Investment Company Act', 'Yuko Thomas Investor Relations', 'Optional Stock Dividend Plan', 'Financial Markets Supervision Act', 'Euronext Amsterdam N.V.', 'U.S. Securities Act', 'U.S. dollars', 'U.S. persons', 'TFG Asset Management', 'asset management companies', 'collective investment scheme', 'volume‑weighted average', 'Specialist Fund Segment', 'closed-ended investment company', 'London Stock Exchange', 'five-day trading period', 'real estate cycles', '85.45 dividend rights', 'investment objective', 'trading prices', 'single period', 'third quarter', 'ex-dividend date', 'record date', 'reference price', 'conversion ratio', 'broad range', 'private equities', 'convertible bonds', 'bank loans', 'distributable income', 'interest rate', 'regulated market', 'main market', 'Press Inquiries', 'Prosek Partners', 'other jurisdiction', 'applicable law', 'Netherlands Authority', 'original content', 'voting shares', 'distressed securities', 'venture capital', 'capital appreciation', 'public register', 'currency election', 'structured credit', 'stable returns', 'Tetragon shares', 'public offer', 'share election', 'Cash dividends', 'PRNewswire', '26 October', 'Board', 'Directors', 'respect', '1 November', '2 November', 'Payment', 'place', '25 November', 'website', 'information', 'shareholders', '14 November', 'Sterling', 'lieu', '7 November', 'brochure', 'assets', 'infrastructure', 'portion', 'order', 'investors', 'equity', 'inflation', 'Story', 'release', 'solicitation', 'registration', 'addition', 'benefits', 'Section', 'country', 'Cision']",2022-11-08,2022-11-08,finance.yahoo.com
12855,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/dno-shares-traded-ex-dividend-060000124.html,DNO Shares Traded Ex-Dividend,Oslo  8 November 2022 – DNO ASA  the Norwegian oil and gas operator  today announced that the Company’s shares will be traded ex-dividend effective 8...,DNO ASAOslo  8 November 2022 – DNO ASA  the Norwegian oil and gas operator  today announced that the Company’s shares will be traded ex-dividend effective 8 November 2022.A dividend payment of NOK 0.25 per share will be made on or about 16 November 2022 to all shareholders of record as of 9 November 2022.–For further information  please contact:Media: media@dno.noInvestors: investor.relations@dno.no–DNO ASA is a Norwegian oil and gas operator active in the Middle East  the North Sea and West Africa. Founded in 1971 and listed on the Oslo Stock Exchange  the Company holds stakes in onshore and offshore licenses at various stages of exploration  development and production in the Kurdistan region of Iraq  Norway  the United Kingdom  Côte d’Ivoire  Netherlands and Yemen.This information is subject to the disclosure requirements pursuant to section 5-12 of the Norwegian Securities Trading Act and section 4.2.5.3 of Euronext Oslo Rulebook II.,neutral,0.01,0.95,0.05,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,True,English,"['DNO Shares', 'Dividend', 'Côte d’Ivoire', 'Norwegian Securities Trading Act', 'Euronext Oslo Rulebook II', 'Oslo Stock Exchange', 'Norwegian oil', 'DNO ASA', 'gas operator', 'Middle East', 'North Sea', 'West Africa', 'offshore licenses', 'various stages', 'Kurdistan region', 'United Kingdom', 'disclosure requirements', 'November', 'Company', 'shares', 'payment', 'NOK', 'shareholders', 'record', 'information', 'Media', 'Investors', 'stakes', 'onshore', 'exploration', 'development', 'production', 'Iraq', 'Norway', 'Netherlands', 'Yemen', 'section']",2022-11-08,2022-11-08,finance.yahoo.com
12856,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20221106005126/en/Aptorum-Group-Limited-to-Hold-Annual-General-Meeting-of-Shareholders-on-December-21-2022,Aptorum Group Limited to Hold Annual General Meeting of Shareholders on December 21  2022,NEW YORK & LONDON & PARIS--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Regulatory News: Aptorum Group Limited (Nasdaq: APM  Euronext Paris: APM) (“Aptorum Group” or “Aptorum”)  a clinical stage biopharmaceutical company dedicated to meeting unmet medical needs in oncology  autoimmune d…,"NEW YORK & LONDON & PARIS--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Regulatory News:Aptorum Group Limited (Nasdaq: APM  Euronext Paris: APM) (“Aptorum Group” or “Aptorum”)  a clinical stage biopharmaceutical company dedicated to meeting unmet medical needs in oncology  autoimmune diseases and infectious diseases  today announced that it will hold its 2022 annual general meeting of shareholders at its London office located at 4T.07  17 Hanover Square  Mayfair London  England W1S 1BN at 12:00 noon London Time on December 21  2022 (7:00 a.m. Eastern Standard Time on December 21  2022 / 12:00 p.m. Greenwich Mean Time on December 21  2022 / 1:00 p.m. Central European Time on December 21  2022).Shareholders of record as of October 14  2022 are entitled to receive notice of and vote at the annual general meeting. Aptorum filed its annual report on Form 20-F  including its audited financial statements for the fiscal year ended December 31  2021  with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the ""SEC"") on April 29  2022. Aptorum Group's annual report on Form 20-F can be accessed in the investor section of Aptorum's website at www.aptorumgroup.com  as well as on the SEC's website at www.sec.gov. Shareholders may request a meeting notice  proxy card or hard copy of the annual report on Form 20-F  free of charge  by contacting investor.relations@aptorumgroup.com.About Aptorum GroupAptorum Group Limited (Nasdaq: APM  Euronext Paris: APM) is a clinical stage biopharmaceutical company dedicated to the discovery  development and commercialization of therapeutic assets to treat diseases with unmet medical needs  particularly in oncology (including orphan oncology indications)  autoimmune and infectious diseases. Aptorum has completed two phase I clinical trials for its ALS-4 (MRSA) and orphan drug designated SACT-1 (Neuroblastoma) small molecule drugs and commercializing its NLS-2 NativusWell® nutraceutical (menopause). The pipeline of Aptorum is also enriched through (i) the establishment of drug discovery platforms that enable the discovery of new therapeutics assets through  e.g. systematic screening of existing approved drug molecules  and microbiome-based research platform for treatments of metabolic diseases; and (ii) the co-development and ongoing clinical validation of its novel molecular-based rapid pathogen identification and detection diagnostics technology with Singapore’s Agency for Science  Technology and Research.For more information about the Company  please visit www.aptorumgroup.com.Disclaimer and Forward-Looking StatementsThis press release does not constitute an offer to sell or a solicitation of offers to buy any securities of Aptorum Group.This press release includes statements concerning Aptorum Group Limited and its future expectations  plans and prospects that constitute “forward-looking statements” within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. For this purpose  any statements contained herein that are not statements of historical fact may be deemed to be forward-looking statements. In some cases  you can identify forward-looking statements by terms such as “may ” “should ” “expects ” “plans ” “anticipates ” “could ” “intends ” “target ” “projects ” “contemplates ” “believes ” “estimates ” “predicts ” “potential ” or “continue ” or the negative of these terms or other similar expressions. Aptorum Group has based these forward-looking statements  which include statements regarding projected timelines for application submissions and trials  largely on its current expectations and projections about future events and trends that it believes may affect its business  financial condition and results of operations. These forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this press release and are subject to a number of risks  uncertainties and assumptions including  without limitation  risks related to its announced management and organizational changes  the continued service and availability of key personnel  its ability to expand its product assortments by offering additional products for additional consumer segments  development results  the company’s anticipated growth strategies  anticipated trends and challenges in its business  and its expectations regarding  and the stability of  its supply chain  and the risks more fully described in Aptorum Group’s Form 20-F and other filings that Aptorum Group may make with the SEC in the future  as well as the prospectus that received the French Autorité des Marchés Financiers visa n°20-352 on 16 July 2020.As a result  the projections included in such forward-looking statements are subject to change and actual results may differ materially from those described herein. Aptorum Group assumes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements contained in this press release as a result of new information  future events or otherwise.This announcement is not a prospectus within the meaning of the Regulation (EU) n°2017/1129 of 14 June 2017 as amended by Regulations Delegated (EU) n°2019/980 of 14 March 2019 and n°2019/979 of 14 March 2019.This press release is provided “as is” without any representation or warranty of any kind.",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.02,0.37,0.61,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'Aptorum Group', 'Shareholders', 'December', 'French Autorité des Marchés Financiers visa', 'novel molecular-based rapid pathogen identification', 'Private Securities Litigation Reform Act', 'two phase I clinical trials', 'clinical stage biopharmaceutical company', 'U.S. Securities', 'ongoing clinical validation', 'unmet medical needs', 'small molecule drugs', 'Eastern Standard Time', 'Greenwich Mean Time', 'Central European Time', 'other similar expressions', 'additional consumer segments', '2022 annual general meeting', 'microbiome-based research platform', 'detection diagnostics technology', 'new therapeutics assets', 'orphan oncology indications', 'Aptorum Group Limited', 'drug discovery platforms', 'orphan drug', 'London Time', 'therapeutic assets', 'additional products', 'other filings', 'annual report', 'NEW YORK', 'drug molecules', 'meeting notice', 'Regulatory News', '17 Hanover Square', 'fiscal year', 'Exchange Commission', 'investor section', 'proxy card', 'hard copy', 'investor.relations', 'NLS-2 NativusWell', 'systematic screening', 'press release', 'historical fact', 'application submissions', 'financial condition', 'organizational changes', 'continued service', 'key personnel', 'product assortments', 'growth strategies', 'supply chain', 'new information', 'infectious diseases', 'metabolic diseases', 'London office', 'Mayfair London', 'Form 20-F', 'future events', 'Euronext Paris', 'current expectations', 'actual results', 'financial statements', 'Forward-Looking Statements', 'future expectations', 'BUSINESS WIRE', 'autoimmune diseases', 'development results', '14 March', 'Nasdaq', 'APM', 'shareholders', '4T.', 'England', 'December', 'record', 'October', 'vote', 'April', 'website', 'aptorumgroup', 'charge', 'commercialization', 'ALS-4', 'MRSA', 'Neuroblastoma', 'nutraceutical', 'menopause', 'pipeline', 'establishment', 'existing', 'treatments', 'Singapore', 'Agency', 'Science', 'Disclaimer', 'offer', 'solicitation', 'plans', 'prospects', 'meaning', 'purpose', 'cases', 'terms', 'expects', 'anticipates', 'target', 'projects', 'contemplates', 'predicts', 'timelines', 'projections', 'trends', 'operations', 'date', 'number', 'risks', 'uncertainties', 'assumptions', 'limitation', 'management', 'availability', 'challenges', 'stability', 'prospectus', '16 July', 'obligation', 'announcement', 'Regulation', '14 June', '12:00', '1:00']",2022-11-08,2022-11-08,businesswire.com
12857,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20221108005885/en/Poxel-Provides-Corporate-Update-and-Reports-Cash-and-Revenue-for-the-Third-Quarter-and-Nine-Months-2022,Poxel Provides Corporate Update and Reports Cash and Revenue for the Third Quarter and Nine Months 2022,LYON  France--(BUSINESS WIRE)--POXEL SA (Euronext : POXEL - FR0012432516)  a clinical stage biopharmaceutical company developing innovative treatments for chronic serious diseases with metabolic pathophysiology  including non-alcoholic steatohepatitis (NASH) …,LYON  France--(BUSINESS WIRE)--POXEL SA (Euronext : POXEL - FR0012432516)  a clinical stage biopharmaceutical company developing innovative treatments for chronic serious diseases with metabolic pathophysiology  including non-alcoholic steatohepatitis (NASH) and rare metabolic disorders  today provided a corporate update and announced its cash position and revenue for the third quarter and the nine months ended September 30  2022.“This quarter’s royalty revenues from TWYMEEG  marketed in Japan by Sumitomo Pharma for Type 2 diabetes  increased four-fold over the prior quarter  in part due to the removal of prescribing restrictions after the initial year on the market. The royalty stream from TWYMEEG’s growth is poised to deliver significant value to Poxel ” noted Thomas Kuhn  Chief Executive Officer of Poxel. “From our clinical programs  our DESTINY-1 Phase 2 Trial for PXL065 in NASH recently reported positive results  especially with respect to fibrosis which represents the highest unmet need in non-cirrhotic NASH. This is an important milestone for Poxel  but also more broadly for NASH  for which there is still no approved treatment. Based on these results  we are prioritizing PXL065 in NASH and are actively looking for a partner to advance its development. By leveraging the 505(b)(2) regulatory pathway  the extensive safety database of the parent molecule  and our recent Phase 2 results  we are well-positioned amongst other drugs in development for future development. In addition  PXL770 is a Phase 2 ready asset that is focused exclusively on rare diseases  starting with adrenoleukodystrophy and autosomal-dominant polycystic kidney disease.”Clinical UpdatesPositive topline results were announced for the Phase 2 trial for the treatment of NASH (DESTINY-1) for PXL065 stating that the primary efficacy endpoint was met. PXL065-treated patients achieved statistically significant improvements in the relative decrease in liver fat content measured by magnetic resonance imaging estimated proton density fat fraction (MRI - PDFF) at 36-weeks for all doses. Histology findings from paired liver biopsies showed strong improvement in fibrosis without worsening of NASH  consistent with dose-dependent reduction of all biomarkers related to fibrinogenesis and fibrosis risk scores. Additional dose-dependent benefits on glucose control and indices of insulin sensitivity were also observed. PXL065 was observed to be safe and well tolerated with no dose-dependent increase in body weight and no increased lower extremity edema vs. placebo. The safety profile is consistent with reduced PPARg-mediated side effects vs. published results of pioglitazone.PDFF) at 36-weeks for all doses. Histology findings from paired liver biopsies showed strong improvement in fibrosis without worsening of NASH  consistent with dose-dependent reduction of all biomarkers related to fibrinogenesis and fibrosis risk scores. Additional dose-dependent benefits on glucose control and indices of insulin sensitivity were also observed. PXL065 was observed to be safe and well tolerated with no dose-dependent increase in body weight and no increased lower extremity edema vs. placebo. The safety profile is consistent with reduced PPARg-mediated side effects vs. published results of pioglitazone. In adrenoleukodystrophy (ALD)  PXL770 is prepared to advance into a Phase 2a biomarker proof-of-concept (POC) clinical trial in male patients with adrenomyeloneuropathy (AMN)  the most common ALD subtype. The 12-week study will evaluate pharmacokinetics  safety and potential for efficacy based on relevant disease biomarkers  such as the effect on very long chain fatty acids (VLCFA)  the characteristic plasma marker of the disease. Considering the DESTINY-1 results for PXL065 in NASH  which validated the deuterium-modified thiazolidinedione (TZD) platform  a second identical study continues to be planned in order to assess the potential of the deuterium-modified TZD platform with PXL065 in ALD. ALD studies are expected to initiate as soon as possible  subject to additional financing.PXL770 was granted Orphan Drug Designation (ODD) by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) for the treatment of patients with autosomal-dominant polycystic kidney disease (ADPKD).TWYMEEG® (Imeglimin)TWYMEEG net sales in Japan for the quarter (July-September) grew significantly to JPY 0.4 billion (EUR 2.5 million)1  over the prior quarter (April-June) of JPY 0.1 billion (EUR 0.6 million)1 as recently reported by Sumitomo Pharma. As of September 1st  initial launch year restrictions for TWYMEEG which limited new products to two weeks prescriptions have been lifted. Sumitomo Pharma’s forecast for net sales of TWYMEEG in Japan is JPY 1.5 billion (EUR 10.6 million)1 for fiscal year 2022 (April 2022 to March 2023). Based on the current forecast  Poxel expects to receive 8% royalties on TWYMEEG net sales in Japan through the Sumitomo Pharma fiscal year 2022. As part of the Merck Serono licensing agreement  Poxel will pay Merck Serono a fixed 8% royalty based on the net sales of Imeglimin  independent of the level of sales. Since TWYMEEG’s launch in September 2021  Sumitomo Pharma’s commercial efforts have leveraged TWYMEEG’s potential to be used both in combination with other treatments  such as DPP4i’s  which are the most prescribed treatments for Japanese Type-2-Diabetes patients  and as monotherapy.FinancingIn August  the Company announced that it restructured its debt with IPF  resulting in the postponement of the Q3 2022 and Q4 2022 amortization payments under the existing debt facility  and lowering certain financial covenants until the end of January 2023. As part of the restructuring  the Company agreed to certain additional commitments which include the increase of the amounts due to IPF and potential partial early repayments of the debt.Concurrently  the Company entered into an equity-linked financing arrangement with IRIS for an initial gross amount of EUR 4 million  with the option  at the latest on December 31  2022  and  at the Company’s sole discretion  to draw a second and third tranche of up to EUR 1 million each.As a result of these two agreements  the Company expects that its resources will be sufficient to fund its operations and capital expenditure requirements through at least February 2023.Event after the PeriodOn November 7  Stephen Harrison  MD  President of the Summit Clinical Research  presented DESTINY-1 Phase 2 Results for PXL065 in NASH at The Liver Meeting® 2022  hosted by the American Association for the Study of Liver Diseases (AASLD).Third Quarter and Nine Months Ended September 30  2022 Cash and RevenueCashAs of September 30  2022  total cash and cash equivalents were EUR 17.1 million (USD 16.6 million)  as compared to EUR 16.1 million at June 30  2022.EUR (in thousands) Q3 2022 Q2 2022 Q1 2022 Q4 2021 Cash 15 062 16 143 24 043 28 753 Cash equivalents 2 000 - - 3 534 Total cash and cash equivalents* 17 062 16 143 24 043 32 287 Unaudited data * Net financial debt (excluding IFRS 16 impacts and derivative debts) was EUR 16.8 million at the end of Q3 2022 as compared to EUR 17.3 million at the end of Q2 2022.Based on:its cash position at September 30  2022  the current development plan of the Company  excluding the initiation of Phase 2a clinical proof-of-concept (POC) biomarker studies for PXL065 and PXL770 in adrenomyeloneuropathy (AMN)  the cash forecast approved by the Board of Directors of the Company  that does not include  as a conservative approach  any net royalties from Imeglimin in Japan  a strict control of its operating expenses  and the amendment to the IPF debt facility with the postponement of the Q3 2022 and Q4 2022 amortization payments until end of February 2023  as well as a full drawdown of all tranches of the equity-linked financing arrangement with IRIS for a total amount of EUR 6 million  before December 31  2022 the Company expects that its resources will be sufficient to fund its operations and capital expenditure requirements through at least February 2023.The Company is actively pursuing additional financing options  including ongoing active partnership discussions related to its programs.Nine Months 2022 RevenuePoxel reported revenues of EUR 286 thousand for the nine months ended September 30  2022  as compared to EUR 13.3 million during the corresponding period in 2021  which mostly reflected the EUR 13.2 million milestone payment for the approval of TWYMEEG in Japan on June 23  2021.Revenue for the first nine months of 2022 mostly reflects the JPY 40 million (EUR 286 thousand) of royalty revenue from Sumitomo Pharma which represents 8% of TWYMEEG net sales in Japan. Based on the current forecast  Poxel expects to receive 8% royalties on TWYMEEG net sales in Japan through the Sumitomo Pharma fiscal year 2022 (April 2022 to March 2023). As part of the Merck Serono licensing agreement  Poxel will pay Merck Serono a fixed 8% royalty based on the net sales of Imeglimin  independent of the level of sales.EUR (in thousands) Sept. 2022 9 months Q3 2022 3 months H1 2022 6 months Sept. 2021 9 months Q3 2021 3 months H1 2021 6 months Sumitomo Pharma Agreement 286 203 83 13 274 - 13 274 Other - - - - - - Total revenues 286 203 83 13 274 - 13 274Unaudited dataPlanned Presentations and Participation at the Following Upcoming EventsALD Connect 2022 Annual Meeting & Patient Learning Academy  November 11  2022Jefferies Healthcare Conference  London  UK  November 15-17  2022ODDO BHF Forum (virtual)  January 9-10  2023Degroof Petercam’s Healthcare Conference  Brussels  Belgium  January 26  2023Next Financial Press Release: Fourth Quarter 2022 Financial Statement expected on February 15  2023About Poxel SAPoxel is a clinical stage biopharmaceutical company developing innovative treatments for chronic serious diseases with metabolic pathophysiology  including non-alcoholic steatohepatitis (NASH) and rare disorders. For the treatment of NASH  PXL065 (deuterium-stabilized R-pioglitazone) met its primary endpoint in a streamlined Phase 2 trial (DESTINY-1). In rare diseases  development of PXL770  a first-in-class direct adenosine monophosphate-activated protein kinase (AMPK) activator  is focused on the treatment of adrenoleukodystrophy (ALD) and autosomal dominant polycystic kidney disease (ADPKD). TWYMEEG® (Imeglimin)  Poxel’s first-in-class product that targets mitochondrial dysfunction  is now marketed for the treatment of type 2 diabetes in Japan by Sumitomo Pharma and Poxel expects to receive royalties and sales-based payments. Poxel has a strategic partnership with Sumitomo Pharma for Imeglimin in Japan  China  and eleven other Asian countries. Listed on Euronext Paris  Poxel is headquartered in Lyon  France  and has subsidiaries in Boston  MA  and Tokyo  Japan.For more information  please visit: www.poxelpharma.comAll statements other than statements of historical fact included in this press release about future events are subject to (i) change without notice and (ii) factors beyond the Company’s control. These statements may include  without limitation  any statements preceded by  followed by or including words such as “target ” “believe ” “expect ” “aim ” “intend ” “may ” “anticipate ” “estimate ” “plan ” “project ” “will ” “can have ” “likely ” “should ” “would ” “could” and other words and terms of similar meaning or the negative thereof. Forward-looking statements are subject to inherent risks and uncertainties beyond the Company’s control that could cause the Company’s actual results or performance to be materially different from the expected results or performance expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. The Company does not endorse or is not otherwise responsible for the content of external hyperlinks referred to in this press release.__________________________1 Currency exchange rate at Sept 30  2022,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.58,0.24,0.19,True,English,"['Corporate Update', 'Third Quarter', 'Nine Months', 'Poxel', 'Reports', 'Cash', 'Revenue', 'long chain fatty acids', 'proton density fat fraction', 'autosomal-dominant polycystic kidney disease', 'Phase 2a biomarker proof', 'clinical stage biopharmaceutical company', 'deuterium-modified thiazolidinedione (TZD) platform', 'Merck Serono licensing agreement', 'initial launch year restrictions', 'deuterium-modified TZD platform', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'highest unmet need', '505(b)(2) regulatory pathway', 'Phase 2 ready asset', 'magnetic resonance imaging', 'lower extremity edema', 'PPARg-mediated side effects', 'characteristic plasma marker', 'U.S. Food', 'two weeks prescriptions', 'liver fat content', 'chronic serious diseases', 'second identical study', 'Orphan Drug Designation', 'POC) clinical trial', 'DESTINY-1 Phase 2 Trial', 'rare metabolic disorders', 'extensive safety database', 'primary efficacy endpoint', 'Additional dose-dependent benefits', 'recent Phase 2 results', 'fibrosis risk scores', 'common ALD subtype', 'relevant disease biomarkers', 'Positive topline results', 'Sumitomo Pharma fiscal', 'TWYMEEG net sales', 'initial year', 'fiscal year', 'rare diseases', 'clinical programs', 'Clinical Updates', 'additional financing', 'metabolic pathophysiology', '12-week study', 'Drug Administration', 'positive results', 'DESTINY-1 results', 'liver biopsies', 'dose-dependent reduction', 'dose-dependent increase', 'BUSINESS WIRE', 'innovative treatments', 'non-alcoholic steatohepatitis', 'corporate update', 'cash position', 'nine months', 'Type 2 diabetes', 'significant value', 'Thomas Kuhn', 'important milestone', 'parent molecule', 'other drugs', 'significant improvements', 'relative decrease', 'Histology findings', 'strong improvement', 'glucose control', 'insulin sensitivity', 'body weight', 'safety profile', 'new products', 'ALD studies', 'royalty revenues', 'royalty stream', 'PXL065-treated patients', 'male patients', 'third quarter', 'prior quarter', 'current forecast', 'future development', 'POXEL SA', 'cirrhotic NASH', '8% royalty', 'TWYMEEG®', 'LYON', 'France', 'Euronext', 'Japan', 'part', 'removal', 'market', 'growth', 'respect', 'PXL770', 'adrenoleukodystrophy', 'MRI', 'PDFF', '36-weeks', 'doses', 'worsening', 'fibrinogenesis', 'indices', 'placebo', 'reduced', 'pioglitazone', 'concept', 'adrenomyeloneuropathy', 'AMN', 'pharmacokinetics', 'potential', 'very', 'VLCFA', 'ODD', 'FDA', 'ADPKD', 'Imeglimin', 'September', 'JPY', 'April-June', 'March', '8% royalties', 'independ']",2022-11-08,2022-11-08,businesswire.com
12858,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20221108005899/en/MaaT-Pharma-Reports-Cash-and-Revenues-for-Third-Quarter-2022,MaaT Pharma Reports Cash and Revenues for Third Quarter 2022,LYON  France--(BUSINESS WIRE)---- $MAAT--Regulatory News: MaaT Pharma (EURONEXT: MAAT – the “Company”)  a French clinical-stage biotech and a pioneer in the development of Microbiome Ecosystem TherapiesTM (MET) dedicated to improving survival outcomes for pat…,LYON  France--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Regulatory News:MaaT Pharma (EURONEXT: MAAT – the “Company”)  a French clinical-stage biotech and a pioneer in the development of Microbiome Ecosystem TherapiesTM (MET) dedicated to improving survival outcomes for patients with cancer  today reported its cash position as of September 30  2022  and its revenues for the third quarter of 2022.Cash position1As of September 30  2022  total cash and cash equivalents were EUR 40.3 million  as compared to EUR 38.4 million as of June 30  2022  and EUR 43.3 million as of December 31  2021. The net increase in cash over the third quarter of 2022 was EUR 1.9 million. This increase reflects:- Net financing inflows from receipt of funds of EUR 4.3 million in bank loans from CIC and Bpifrance.- Receipt of the R&D tax credit related to R&D expenditure for the full year 2021  totaling EUR 2.0 million- Financing of operations and ongoing development programs of EUR 4.4 million.Revenues in Q3 20221MaaT Pharma reported revenues2 from its compassionate access program of EUR 0.4 million for the quarter ended September 30  2022  and year to date revenues of EUR 0.9 million compared to EUR 0.2 million for same quarter in 2021 and EUR 0.6 million for the 9-months ended September 30  2021.Third quarter clinical and operational highlightsClinical highlightsMaaT013  the lead MET drug candidate for hospital use in an acute setting:Phase 3 open label  single arm trial (ARES) for the treatment of acute Graft-versus-Host Disease: in Q3 2022  in addition to France  Germany  Spain  Austria where the trial is ongoing  the Company received regulatory approvals in Belgium. An interim review of preliminary data after enrollment of half of the patients in the study is expected in the first half of 2023.Randomized  placebo-controlled proof-of-concept Phase 2a trial (PICASSO)  sponsored by AP-HP 3   evaluating MaaT013 in combination with immune checkpoint inhibitors for patients with metastatic melanoma  is ongoing. A first internal data review focusing on safety and some biomarker data is expected in the first half of 2023.  evaluating MaaT013 in combination with immune checkpoint inhibitors for patients with metastatic melanoma  is ongoing. A first internal data review focusing on safety and some biomarker data is expected in the first half of 2023. In the US  interactions with the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) remain active regarding MaaT013  for which US development is currently on clinical hold following an FDA communication received in August 2022 requiring additional information on the safety and efficacy of the Company’s “pooling” approach.Pursuit of the Early Access Program in Europe in place since 2021 allowing patients to benefit from early access to the MaaT013 therapy  mainly for the treatment of acute Graft-vs-host-Disease. As of today  the Company has safely treated over 160 patients with MaaT013 in Europe.On November 3  2022  MaaT Pharma announced the release of an abstract  which was selected for an oral presentation at the American Society of Hematology (ASH) 2022 Annual Meeting from December 10-13 in New-Orleans  Louisiana  U.S.A. The oral presentation will occur on December 10  2022; 10:15am EST and will detail consolidated results from 81 patients with steroid-resistant  gastrointestinal  acute Graft-versus-Host-Disease (GI-aGvHD) treated with MaaT013 as salvage therapy  as part of the ongoing Early Access Program (EAP).Link to abstract here.MaaT033  the Company’s first MET for oral administration as adjunctive and maintenance treatment for patients receiving allogeneic hematopoietic stem cell transplantation (allo-HSCT):Preparations are ongoing for a pivotal Phase 2b trial to evaluate MaaT033’s safety and efficacy in improving overall survival and preventing complications in patients with blood cancers receiving allo-HSCT; based on current plans  the Company expects to initiate the study in Q4 2022.On November 3rd  2022  MaaT Pharma announced the release of an abstract  which was selected for a poster presentation at the American Society of Hematology (ASH) 2022 Annual Meeting. Poster presentation will occur on December 11  2022: 6:00pm - 8:00pm EST and will present detailed results from the Phase 1b clinical trial (CIMON) of MaaT033 in patients with acute myeloid leukemia.Link to abstract here.Operational highlightOn October 4th  2022  MaaT Pharma appointed Dr. Nathalie Corvaïa as Chief Scientific Officer to oversee the Company’s non-clinical R&D strategies and its proprietary  AI-based MET drug design and development platform  gutPrint®.Upcoming scientific conferences participationNovember 8-10  2022 – 9th International Human Microbiome Consortium (IHMC) Congress – Kobe  Japan: Hervé Affagard  CEO and cofounder of MaaT Pharma  and Dr. Aurore Duquenoy  R&D specialist at MaaT Pharma will present three scientific posters at the conference.Link to the Congress here.November 9-11  2022 – 21st Société Francophone de Greffe de Moelle et de Thérapie Cellulaire (SFGM-TC) Congress – Booth #10 – Bordeaux  France: Dr. Emilie Plantamura  Head of Clinical Development at MaaT Pharma and Claire de Condé  Head of Clinical Operations at MaaT Pharma  and Mélanie Tilte  Clinical Project Manager at MaaT Pharma will attend the congress and will be available for discussions at MaaT Pharma’s booth #10.Link to the event here.Upcoming investor conferences participationNovember 14  2022 – 7 th annual conference LSX Inv€$tival Showcase – London  UK: Siân Crouzet  Chief Financial Officer of MaaT Pharma and Dr. Carole Schwintner  Chief Technology Officer of MaaT Pharma will attend the investor event and participate in the European Lifestar Awards  where MaaT Pharma is a finalist for the IPO of the year category.Additional information available on the LSX website here.Siân Crouzet  Chief Financial Officer of MaaT Pharma and Dr. Carole Schwintner  Chief Technology Officer of MaaT Pharma will attend the investor event and participate in the European Lifestar Awards  where MaaT Pharma is a finalist for the IPO of the year category. Additional information available on the LSX website here. November 15-17  2022 – 13 th Annual Jefferies London Healthcare Conference – London  UK: Siân Crouzet  Chief Financial Officer of MaaT Pharma and Dr. Carole Schwintner  Chief Technology Officer of MaaT Pharma will attend the conference.Siân Crouzet  Chief Financial Officer of MaaT Pharma and Dr. Carole Schwintner  Chief Technology Officer of MaaT Pharma will attend the conference. November 21  2022 – Kepler Cheuvreux Life Sciences Day – Digital: Hervé Affagard  CEO and cofounder of MaaT Pharma will attend the event.Hervé Affagard  CEO and cofounder of MaaT Pharma will attend the event. November 29  2022 – Investir day – Paris  France: Siân Crouzet  Chief Financial Officer of MaaT Pharma and Dr. Savita Bernal  Chief Business Officer of MaaT Pharma will attend the investor event.Additional information available on the dedicated website here.About MaaT PharmaMaaT Pharma  a clinical stage biotechnology company  has established a complete approach to restoring patient-microbiome symbiosis in oncology. Committed to treating cancer and graft-versus-host disease (GvHD)  a serious complication of allogeneic stem cell transplantation  MaaT Pharma has launched  in March 2022  a Phase 3 clinical trial for patients with acute GvHD  following the achievement of its proof of concept in a Phase 2 trial. Its powerful discovery and analysis platform  gutPrint®  supports the development and expansion of its pipeline by determining novel disease targets  evaluating drug candidates  and identifying biomarkers for microbiome-related conditions.The company’s Microbiome Ecosystem Therapies are produced through a standardized cGMP manufacturing and quality control process to safely deliver the full diversity of the microbiome  in liquid and oral formulations. MaaT Pharma benefits from the commitment of world-leading scientists and established relationships with regulators to support the integration of the use of microbiome therapies in clinical practice.MaaT Pharma is the first company developing microbiome-based therapies listed on Euronext Paris (ticker: MAAT).Forward-looking StatementsAll statements other than statements of historical fact included in this press release about future events are subject to (i) change without notice and (ii) factors beyond the Company’s control. These statements may include  without limitation  any statements preceded by  followed by or including words such as “target ” “believe ” “expect ” “aim ” “intend ” “may ” “anticipate ” “estimate ” “plan ” “project ” “will ” “can have ” “likely ” “should ” “would ” “could” and other words and terms of similar meaning or the negative thereof. Forward-looking statements are subject to inherent risks and uncertainties beyond the Company’s control that could cause the Company’s actual results or performance to be materially different from the expected results or performance expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements.1 Unaudited data2 Revenues correspond to compensation invoiced in relation to the compassionate access program  as approved by the French National Drug Safety Agency (Agence Nationale de Sécurité du Médicament or ANSM).3 AP-HP: Assistance Publique - Hôpitaux de Paris,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,positive,0.88,0.12,0.0,True,English,"['MaaT Pharma', 'Third Quarter', 'Cash', 'Revenues', 'allogeneic hematopoietic stem cell transplantation', '9th International Human Microbiome Consortium', 'proprietary, AI-based MET drug design', '21st Société Francophone', 'Upcoming scientific conferences participation', 'R&D tax credit', 'Dr. Nathalie Corvaïa', 'non-clinical R&D strategies', 'concept Phase 2a trial', 'pivotal Phase 2b trial', 'lead MET drug candidate', 'steroid-resistant, gastrointestinal, acute Graft', 'Phase 1b clinical trial', 'ongoing Early Access Program', 'first internal data review', 'Microbiome Ecosystem TherapiesTM', 'R&D expenditure', 'R&D specialist', 'Phase 3 open label', 'U.S.A.', 'Dr. Aurore Duquenoy', 'compassionate access program', 'Chief Scientific Officer', 'three scientific posters', 'single arm trial', 'French clinical-stage biotech', 'Randomized, placebo-controlled proof', 'immune checkpoint inhibitors', 'U.S. Food', 'Thérapie Cellulaire', 'acute Graft-versus-Host Disease', 'acute myeloid leukemia', 'ongoing development programs', 'ASH) 2022 Annual Meeting', 'Net financing inflows', 'Third quarter clinical', 'Drug Administration', 'first MET', 'interim review', 'acute setting', 'preliminary data', 'biomarker data', 'Clinical highlights', 'clinical hold', 'first half', 'BUSINESS WIRE', 'Regulatory News', 'survival outcomes', 'net increase', 'bank loans', 'full year', 'same quarter', 'operational highlights', 'hospital use', 'regulatory approvals', 'metastatic melanoma', 'additional information', 'pooling” approach', 'oral presentation', 'American Society', 'consolidated results', 'salvage therapy', 'oral administration', 'overall survival', 'blood cancers', 'current plans', 'poster presentation', 'detailed results', 'development platform', 'Hervé Affagard', 'MaaT Pharma', 'cash position', 'total cash', 'cash equivalents', 'US development', 'FDA communication', 'maintenance treatment', 'SFGM-TC) Congress', 'MaaT013 therapy', 'LYON', 'France', 'EURONEXT', 'Company', 'pioneer', 'patients', 'September', 'revenues', 'June', 'December', 'receipt', 'funds', 'CIC', 'operations', 'Q3', '9-months', 'ARES', 'Germany', 'Spain', 'Austria', 'Belgium', 'enrollment', 'study', 'PICASSO', 'AP-HP', 'combination', 'safety', 'interactions', 'August', 'efficacy', 'Pursuit', 'Europe', 'host-Disease', 'today', 'November', 'release', 'abstract', 'Hematology', 'New-Orleans', 'Louisiana', 'aGvHD', 'EAP', 'Link', 'adjunctive', 'HSCT', 'Preparations', 'MaaT033', 'complications', 'Q4', '6:00pm', 'CIMON', 'October', 'gutPrint', 'IHMC', 'Kobe', 'Japan', 'CEO', 'cofounder', 'Greffe', 'Moelle', 'Booth', 'Bordeaux', '8:00']",2022-11-08,2022-11-08,businesswire.com
12859,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20221107005920/en/ONWARD-Reports-Third-Quarter-2022-Highlights-and-Provides-Business-Update,ONWARD Reports Third Quarter 2022 Highlights and Provides Business Update,EINDHOVEN  the Netherlands & LAUSANNE  Switzerland & BOSTON--(BUSINESS WIRE)-- ONWARD Medical N.V. (Euronext: ONWD)  the medical technology company creating innovative therapies to restore movement  independence  and health in people with spinal cord injury (…,EINDHOVEN  the Netherlands & LAUSANNE  Switzerland & BOSTON--(BUSINESS WIRE)-- ONWARD Medical N.V. (Euronext: ONWD)  the medical technology company creating innovative therapies to restore movement  independence  and health in people with spinal cord injury (SCI)  today discussed highlights from the third quarter of 2022 and provided a business update.“We are highly encouraged to have received two additional FDA Breakthrough Device Designations  validating the pioneering nature of our work and providing a streamlined approval process for these important therapies ” said Dave Marver  CEO of ONWARD. “We are looking forward to additional upcoming milestones  including the expected release of interim data from ongoing blood pressure feasibility studies.”Recent highlights:R&D and operationsToday  ONWARD announced that the Company has been granted Breakthrough Device Designation by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) for two additional indications: (1) to its external system ARC-EX for improving or restoring lower extremity sensory and motor function in people with chronic neurological deficits resulting from SCI; and (2) to its implantable system ARC-IM for treating neurogenic bladder dysfunction in people with SCI. The Company now has a total of five Breakthrough Device Designations for ARC Therapy.Breakthrough Device Designation is an FDA program designed to help patients and their physicians receive timely access to technologies that have the potential to provide more effective treatment or diagnosis for debilitating conditions of great unmet need  such as SCI. As part of this designation  the FDA will provide ONWARD with priority review and the opportunity to interact with FDA experts throughout the premarket review phase as the technology moves toward commercialization.In September 2022  ONWARD reported positive top-line results from its Up-LIFT pivotal study evaluating transcutaneous stimulation with its external ARC Therapy. The study enrolled 65 people at 14 leading SCI centers in the U.S.  Europe  and Canada  achieving its primary effectiveness endpoint of improvement in upper extremity strength and function in people with SCI.In October 2022  ONWARD reported topline results from the LIFT Home study  evaluating the safety and feasibility of ARC-EX Therapy when used at home. The study enrolled 17 participants at 5 leading research centers across the U.S. Participants performed training on activities of daily living involving arm and hand movement three times per week over a one-month period. Approximately 97% of these sessions were completed without usability issues  supporting the feasibility of home-based treatment.Corporate and FinancialThe Company reported cash and cash equivalents of EUR 70 million as of September 30  2022 and reiterated its guidance of expected cash runway through the end of 2024.In September 2022  ONWARD appointed Vivian Riefberg  a highly accomplished expert in healthcare  government  and strategy  to the Board of Directors. In 2020  Ms. Riefberg retired as a senior partner with McKinsey & Company  where she led the Public Sector Practice for the Americas and co-led the U.S. Health Care practice. She previously served on the U.S. National Institutes of Health (NIH) Clinical Center Board of Governors and on the NIH Advisory Board for Clinical Research.Outlook:ONWARD’s management expects to continue the steady and consistent execution of its strategy through the end of 2022 and beyond.Following positive top-line data from the Up-LIFT pivotal study  ONWARD expects to submit for regulatory approval in the U.S. and EU during the first half of 2023 to allow the Company to commercialize ARC-EX for the improvement of upper extremity strength and function in patients with SCI. If all goes as planned  these authorizations are expected in the second half of 2023.Additionally  ONWARD plans to discuss the findings from the LIFT Home study with regulatory authorities to define the appropriate approval pathway for home use  with a goal to facilitate access to ARC-EX Therapy at home without the burden of continued visits to a clinic.Before year-end 2022  the Company expects to release interim data from the STIMO-HEMO and HemON studies. Both studies are exploring the use of ARC-IM Therapy to normalize low blood pressure in people with SCI  which is the first planned indication for ARC-IM. By year-end  ONWARD  therefore  expects to have released top-line data from its pivotal study for ARC-EX and interim data from current clinical feasibility studies for ARC-IM  providing important clinical validation of both of its major technology platforms.The Company plans to continue building its team and capabilities in preparation for the expected launch of its ARC-EX Therapy in the second half of 2023  both operationally and commercially. Over the next several months  ONWARD plans to focus on recruiting for sales  marketing  and field service roles to cover the U.S. and select European markets.With a strong balance sheet  the current cash position is expected to be sufficient to finance operations through the end of 2024 and support investments in product development  clinical trials  operational capabilities  and commercial launch. ONWARD continues to consider opportunities to further strengthen its cash position as equity capital markets improve in the U.S. and around the globe.Conference Call & WebcastONWARD will host a conference call with a live webcast today  November 8  2022  at 2:30 pm CET / 8:30 am ET. The webcast may be accessed on the Financial Information page of the Company’s website. A replay of the webcast also will be available on the ONWARD website.To join the webcast via Zoom  please register using this link.About ONWARD MedicalONWARD is a medical technology company creating innovative therapies to restore movement  independence  and health in people with spinal cord injuries. ONWARD’s work builds on more than a decade of basic science and preclinical research conducted at the world’s leading neuroscience laboratories. ONWARD’s ARC Therapy  which can be delivered by implantable (ARC-IM) or external (ARC-EX) systems  is designed to deliver targeted  programmed spinal cord stimulation to restore movement and other functions in people with spinal cord injury  ultimately improving their quality of life.ONWARD has received five Breakthrough Device Designations from the U.S. FDA encompassing both ARC-IM and ARC-EX. ARC-EX is an external  non-invasive platform consisting of a wearable stimulator and wireless programmer. Positive top-line data were reported in September 2022 from the company’s first pivotal study  called Up-LIFT  evaluating the ability of ARC-EX Therapy to improve upper extremity strength and function. The company is now preparing marketing approval submissions for the U.S. and Europe. ARC-IM consists of an implantable pulse generator and lead that is placed near the spinal cord. The company completed its first-in-human use of the ARC-IM neurostimulator in May 2022.ONWARD is headquartered in Eindhoven  the Netherlands. It maintains an office in Lausanne  Switzerland  and has a growing U.S. presence in Boston  Massachusetts. The company has an academic partnership with NeuroRestore  a collaboration between the Swiss Federal Institute of Technology (EPFL) and Lausanne University Hospital (CHUV). For additional information about ONWARD  please visit ONWD.com. To access our 2022 Financial Calendar  please visit IR.ONWD.com.DisclaimerCertain statements  beliefs  and opinions in this press release are forward-looking  which reflect the Company or  as appropriate  the Company directors’ current expectations and projections about future events. By their nature  forward-looking statements involve several risks  uncertainties  and assumptions that could cause actual results or events to differ materially from those expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. These risks  uncertainties and assumptions could adversely affect the outcome and financial effects of the plans and events described herein. A multitude of factors including  but not limited to  changes in demand  competition  and technology  can cause actual events  performance  or results to differ significantly from any anticipated development. Forward-looking statements contained in this press release regarding past trends or activities should not be taken as a representation that such trends or activities will continue in the future. As a result  the Company expressly disclaims any obligation or undertaking to release any update or revisions to any forward-looking statements in this press release as a result of any change in expectations or any change in events  conditions  assumptions  or circumstances on which these forward-looking statements are based. Neither the Company nor its advisers or representatives nor any of its subsidiary undertakings or any such person’s officers or employees guarantees that the assumptions underlying such forward-looking statements are free from errors nor does either accept any responsibility for the future accuracy of the forward-looking statements contained in this press release or the actual occurrence of the forecasted developments. You should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements  which speak only as of the date of this press release.,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.86,0.09,0.05,True,English,"['Third Quarter 2022 Highlights', 'ONWARD Reports', 'Business Update', 'two additional FDA Breakthrough Device Designations', 'ongoing blood pressure feasibility studies', 'U.S. Health Care practice', 'five Breakthrough Device Designations', 'U.S. National Institutes', 'ONWARD Medical N.V.', 'current clinical feasibility studies', 'two additional indications', 'low blood pressure', 'additional upcoming milestones', 'Public Sector Practice', 'spinal cord injury', 'lower extremity sensory', 'chronic neurological deficits', 'neurogenic bladder dysfunction', 'great unmet need', 'primary effectiveness endpoint', 'upper extremity strength', 'next several months', 'field service roles', 'strong balance sheet', 'U.S. Food', 'streamlined approval process', 'appropriate approval pathway', 'premarket review phase', '5 leading research centers', 'first planned indication', 'important clinical validation', 'current cash position', 'major technology platforms', 'positive top-line results', 'NIH Advisory Board', 'Up-LIFT pivotal study', 'positive top-line data', 'medical technology company', 'LIFT Home study', '14 leading SCI centers', 'external ARC Therapy', 'Clinical Research', 'HemON studies', 'regulatory approval', 'important therapies', 'external system', 'priority review', 'topline results', 'first half', 'FDA program', 'FDA experts', 'interim data', 'BUSINESS WIRE', 'innovative therapies', 'third quarter', 'business update', 'pioneering nature', 'Dave Marver', 'expected release', 'R&D', 'Drug Administration', 'implantable system', 'effective treatment', 'debilitating conditions', 'transcutaneous stimulation', 'daily living', 'one-month period', 'usability issues', 'home-based treatment', 'cash equivalents', 'cash runway', 'Vivian Riefberg', 'Ms. Riefberg', 'senior partner', 'consistent execution', 'second half', 'regulatory authorities', 'continued visits', 'European markets', 'ARC-EX Therapy', 'The Company', 'Recent highlights', 'timely access', 'hand movement', 'home use', 'ARC-IM Therapy', 'motor function', 'EINDHOVEN', 'Netherlands', 'LAUSANNE', 'Switzerland', 'BOSTON', 'Euronext', 'ONWD', 'independence', 'people', 'work', 'CEO', 'operations', 'total', 'patients', 'physicians', 'technologies', 'potential', 'diagnosis', 'opportunity', 'commercialization', 'September', 'Canada', 'improvement', 'October', 'safety', '17 participants', 'training', 'activities', 'arm', 'week', 'sessions', 'Corporate', 'Financial', 'guidance', 'accomplished', 'healthcare', 'government', 'strategy', 'Directors', 'McKinsey', 'Americas', 'Governors', 'Outlook', 'management', 'steady', 'authorizations', 'findings', 'goal', 'burden', 'year-end', 'STIMO-HEMO', 'team', 'capabilities', 'preparation', 'launch', 'recruiting', 'sales', 'marketing', '2022']",2022-11-08,2022-11-08,businesswire.com
12860,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/hugo-brugi-joins-pharnext-board-075000358.html,Hugo Brugière Joins Pharnext Board of Directors,"Pharnext SA (FR0011191287 - ALPHA) (the ""Company"")  an advanced late-clinical stage biopharmaceutical company developing novel therapeutics for...","PARIS  FRANCE / ACCESSWIRE / November 8  2022 / Pharnext SA (FR0011191287 - ALPHA) (the ""Company"")  an advanced late-clinical stage biopharmaceutical company developing novel therapeutics for neurodegenerative diseases with high unmet medical need  today announces its Board of Directors has appointed Hugo Brugière  Chairman and CEO of Néovacs  as a new Director. This cooptation will be submitted to the approval of the next shareholders meeting of Pharnext. This follows the financing agreement executed between Pharnext and Néovacs for an amount of €20.7 million net as announced on October 3rd  2022.Hugo is a graduate of the Saint-Cyr Special Military School and Sciences Po Paris. A serial entrepreneur with more than twenty companies to his credit  he has specialized in stock market and restructuring/turnarounds of listed companies. Hugo Brugiere is currently the Chairman and CEO of Néovacs  and also has numerous mandates in companies in France and around the world including Cybergun  Arkania  Verney-Carron  among others.Joshua Schafer  Chairman of Pharnext's Board of Directors  commented: ""I am delighted to welcome Hugo Brugière as a new member of our Board of Directors as we advance our pivotal Phase III clinical study of PXT3003  the PREMIER trial  which is due to bring top line data in Q4 2023. Hugo Brugière's wealth of experience will be a strategic addition and highly valuable to support the development of the company.""About PharnextPharnext is an advanced clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company developing novel therapeutics for neurodegenerative diseases that currently lack curative and/or disease-modifying treatments. Pharnext has two lead products in clinical development. PXT3003 completed an international Phase III trial with positive topline results for the treatment of Charcot-Marie-Tooth disease type 1A (‘CMT1A') and benefits from orphan drug status in Europe and the United States. An international pivotal Phase III study of PXT3003 in CMT1A  the PREMIER trial  is currently ongoing. PXT864 has generated encouraging Phase II results in Alzheimer's disease and will be advanced through partnerships. Both of Pharnext's lead assets originated from the Pleotherapy™ R&D approach. Pharnext draws the attention of investors to the financial and other risk factors detailed in its financial reports. More information can be found at www.pharnext.com .Pharnext is listed on the Euronext Growth Stock Exchange in Paris (ISIN code: FR0011191287).Contacts:PharnextDavid Horn SolomonDirecteur Généralcontact@pharnext.com+33 (0)1 41 09 22 30Press Relations (International)Consilium Strategic CommunicationsMary-Jane ElliottSukaina VirjiAlexandra Harrisonpharnext@consilium-comms.comFinancial Communications(Europe)ActifinGhislaine Gasparettoggasparetto@actifin.fr+33 (0)6 21 10 49 24Press Relations (France)Ulysse CommunicationBruno Arabianbarabian@ulysse-communication.com+33 (0)6 87 88 47 26+33 (0)1 81 70 96 30SOURCE: PharnextView source version on accesswire.com:https://www.accesswire.com/724513/Hugo-Brugire-Joins-Pharnext-Board-of-Directors",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.9,0.1,0.0,True,English,"['Hugo Brugière', 'Pharnext Board', 'Directors', 'David Horn Solomon Directeur Général', 'pivotal Phase III clinical study', 'international pivotal Phase III study', 'advanced late-clinical stage biopharmaceutical company', 'high unmet medical need', 'Saint-Cyr Special Military School', 'encouraging Phase II results', 'Pleotherapy™ R&D approach', 'advanced clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company', 'international Phase III trial', 'Euronext Growth Stock Exchange', 'positive topline results', 'next shareholders meeting', 'top line data', 'orphan drug status', 'other risk factors', 'two lead products', 'Hugo Brugière', 'Charcot-Marie-Tooth disease type', 'Sciences Po Paris', 'Consilium Strategic Communications', 'Néovacs', 'stock market', 'clinical development', 'PREMIER trial', 'strategic addition', 'lead assets', 'Hugo Brugiere', 'Financial Communications', 'novel therapeutics', 'neurodegenerative diseases', 'new Director', 'financing agreement', 'serial entrepreneur', 'numerous mandates', 'Joshua Schafer', 'new member', 'disease-modifying treatments', 'United States', 'More information', 'ISIN code', 'Press Relations', 'Mary-Jane Elliott', 'Sukaina Virji', 'Alexandra Harrison', 'Ghislaine Gasparetto', 'Bruno Arabian', 'twenty companies', 'listed companies', 'financial reports', 'Ulysse Communication', 'source version', 'Pharnext SA', 'FRANCE', 'ACCESSWIRE', 'November', 'ALPHA', 'Board', 'Directors', 'Chairman', 'CEO', 'cooptation', 'approval', 'amount', 'October', 'graduate', 'credit', 'restructuring/turnarounds', 'world', 'Cybergun', 'Arkania', 'Verney-Carron', 'others', 'PXT300', 'Q4', 'wealth', 'experience', 'curative', 'CMT1A', 'benefits', 'Europe', 'PXT864', 'Alzheimer', 'partnerships', 'attention', 'investors', 'Contacts', 'Actifin', 'ggasparetto', 'barabian', '1 81']",2022-11-08,2022-11-08,finance.yahoo.com
12861,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20221108005071/en/Preparing-for-Tax-Season-Has-Never-Been-Easier-Wolters-Kluwer-Launches-Business-Tax-Return-Workflow-in-CCH-Axcess%E2%84%A2-Client-Collaboration,Preparing for Tax Season Has Never Been Easier: Wolters Kluwer Launches Business Tax Return Workflow in CCH Axcess™ Client Collaboration,TAMPA  Fla.--(BUSINESS WIRE)-- #accounting--Preparing for Tax Season Has Never Been Easier: Wolters Kluwer Launches Business Tax Return Workflow in CCH Axcess™ Client Collaboration,TAMPA  Fla.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--With the latest release of CCH Axcess Client Collaboration  Wolters Kluwer Tax and Accounting is making tax season easier and more time efficient for tax professionals and their clients who file individual and business returns.CCH Axcess Client Collaboration Helps Tax Pros Address Their #1 Challenge: Late and Unprepared ClientsIn the Wolters Kluwer annual industry trends survey  respondents ranked late and unprepared clients as their number one challenge. New functionality available in CCH Axcess Client Collaboration addresses this challenge head on  by making it possible for firms and their clients to manage all tax workflows for both individual and business returns  in one personalized  secure collaboration platform. Now  individual and business return clients know exactly what tax documentation is due  and when  and can quickly update those documents all in one place.Nate Brown  Vice President  Firm Management  Wolters Kluwer Tax and Accounting North America  said:“We know that most of our customers’ tax clients are busy small business owners or professionals who just want to get through tax time as quickly and painlessly as possible. They don’t have time to learn how to use one system for their 1040 return and a different system for their business returns. Now  with CCH Axcess Client Collaboration  they won’t have to.”During this week’s CCH Connections User Conference  in Tampa  Florida  Wolters Kluwer is giving attendees a first look at the latest release of CCH Axcess Client Collaboration.The solution’s newest features now empower firms to:Create tax return requests for S-corps  C-corps  partnerships  fiduciaries  employee plans  and non-profitsEnhance the client experience by using existing – or configuring custom versions of – engagement letters  questionnaires  and document request list templates that guide business and individual clients through the tax return process  step-by-stepSave clients time and frustration by providing a single  secure portal where they can upload and share all documentation needed for both 1040 and business returnsReduce the last-minute scramble to find receipts and documentation at tax time  by providing clients with a secure area to upload and store documents as soon as they become available  all year longFirms who want to improve efficiency and deliver a more convenient  seamless  time-saving client experience can register for a live demonstration of CCH Axcess Client Collaboration.About Wolters KluwerWolters Kluwer (WKL) is a global leader in professional information  software solutions  and services for the healthcare; tax and accounting; governance  risk and compliance; and legal and regulatory sectors. We help our customers make critical decisions every day by providing expert solutions that combine deep domain knowledge with advanced technology and services.Wolters Kluwer reported 2021 annual revenues of €4.8 billion. The group serves customers in over 180 countries  maintains operations in over 40 countries  and employs around 19 800 people worldwide. The company is headquartered in Alphen aan den Rijn  the Netherlands.Wolters Kluwer shares are listed on Euronext Amsterdam (WKL) and are included in the AEX and Euronext 100 indices. Wolters Kluwer has a sponsored Level 1 American Depositary Receipt (ADR) program. The ADRs are traded on the over-the-counter market in the U.S. (WTKWY).For more information  visit www.wolterskluwer.com  follow us on LinkedIn  Twitter  Facebook  and YouTube,neutral,0.03,0.96,0.0,mixed,0.49,0.1,0.41,True,English,"['CCH Axcess™ Client Collaboration', 'Business Tax Return Workflow', 'Tax Season', 'Wolters Kluwer', 'Wolters Kluwer annual industry trends survey', 'convenient, seamless, time-saving client experience', 'one personalized, secure collaboration platform', 'CCH Axcess Client Collaboration', 'CCH Connections User Conference', 'document request list templates', 'Alphen aan den Rijn', 'Level 1 American Depositary Receipt', 'single, secure portal', 'deep domain knowledge', 'Wolters Kluwer shares', 'small business owners', 'number one challenge', 'Wolters Kluwer Tax', 'tax return requests', 'tax return process', 'Accounting North America', 'business return clients', '2021 annual revenues', 'customers’ tax clients', 'secure area', 'one place', 'one system', 'tax season', 'Tax Pros', 'tax workflows', 'BUSINESS WIRE', 'business returns', 'latest release', 'New functionality', 'Nate Brown', 'Vice President', 'Firm Management', 'different system', 'first look', 'newest features', 'employee plans', 'custom versions', 'last-minute scramble', 'live demonstration', 'global leader', 'software solutions', 'regulatory sectors', 'critical decisions', 'expert solutions', 'advanced technology', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'Euronext 100 indices', 'ADR) program', 'counter market', 'U.S.', 'tax professionals', 'tax time', 'Unprepared Clients', 'tax documentation', 'professional information', 'individual clients', '1040 return', 'TAMPA', 'Fla.', 'respondents', 'head', 'firms', 'documents', 'week', 'Florida', 'attendees', 'S-corps', 'C-corps', 'partnerships', 'fiduciaries', 'non-profits', 'existing', 'engagement', 'letters', 'questionnaires', 'step', 'frustration', 'receipts', 'efficiency', 'WKL', 'services', 'healthcare', 'governance', 'risk', 'compliance', 'legal', 'group', '180 countries', 'operations', '40 countries', '19,800 people', 'company', 'Netherlands', 'AEX', 'ADRs', 'WTKWY', 'LinkedIn', 'Twitter', 'Facebook', 'YouTube']",2022-11-08,2022-11-08,businesswire.com
12862,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2022/11/08/2551236/0/en/Euronext-announces-volumes-for-October-2022.html,Euronext announces volumes for October 2022,Contacts MediaContact Investor RelationsAmsterdam+31 20 721 4133Brussels+32 2 620 15 50+33 1 70 48 24 27Dublin+33 1 70 48 24 45Lisbon+351 210 600......,"Contacts Media Contact Investor Relations Amsterdam +31 20 721 4133 Brussels +32 2 620 15 50 +33 1 70 48 24 27 Dublin +33 1 70 48 24 45 Lisbon +351 210 600 614 Milan +39 02 72 42 62 12 Oslo +47 41 69 59 10 Paris +33 1 70 48 24 45Euronext announces volumes for October 2022Amsterdam  Brussels  Dublin  Lisbon  Milan  Oslo and Paris – 8 November 2022 – Euronext  the leading pan-European market infrastructure  today announced trading volumes for October 2022.Monthly and historical volume tables are available at this address:https://euronext.com/investor-relations#monthly-volumesCONTACTS MEDIA – mediateam@euronext.com Aurélie Cohen (Europe) +33 1 70 48 24 45 parispressoffice@euronext.com Marianne Aalders (Amsterdam) +31 20 721 41 33 maalders@euronext.com Pascal Brabant (Brussels) +32 2 620 15 50 pbrabant@euronext.com Sandra Machado (Lisbon) +351 210 600 614 smachado@euronext.com Andrea Monzani (Europe/Milan/Rome) +39 02 72 42 62 13 Italypressoffice@euronext.com Cathrine Lorvik Segerlund (Oslo) +47 41 69 59 10 CLSegerlund@euronext.com Sarah Mound (Paris Dublin) +33 1 70 48 24 45 smound@euronext.com ANALYSTS & INVESTORS – ir@euronext.com Aurélie Cohen +33 1 70 48 24 27 ir@euronext.com Clément Kubiak +33 1 70 48 26 33 ir@euronext.comAbout EuronextEuronext is the leading pan-European market infrastructure  connecting European economies to global capital markets  to accelerate innovation and sustainable growth. It operates regulated exchanges in Belgium  France  Ireland  Italy  the Netherlands  Norway and Portugal. With close to 2 000 listed equity issuers and around €5.7 trillion in market capitalisation as of end September 2022  it has an unmatched blue chip franchise and a strong diverse domestic and international client base. Euronext operates regulated and transparent equity and derivatives markets  one of Europe’s leading electronic fixed income trading markets and is the largest centre for debt and funds listings in the world. Its total product offering includes Equities  FX  Exchange Traded Funds  Warrants & Certificates  Bonds  Derivatives  Commodities and Indices. The Group provides a multi-asset clearing house through Euronext Clearing  and custody and settlement services through Euronext Securities central securities depositories in Denmark  Italy  Norway and Portugal. Euronext also leverages its expertise in running markets by providing technology and managed services to third parties. In addition to its main regulated market  it also operates a number of junior markets  simplifying access to listing for SMEs.For the latest news  go to euronext.com or follow us on Twitter (twitter.com/euronext) and LinkedIn (linkedin.com/euronext)DisclaimerThis press release is for information purposes only: it is not a recommendation to engage in investment activities and is provided “as is”  without representation or warranty of any kind. While all reasonable care has been taken to ensure the accuracy of the content  Euronext does not guarantee its accuracy or completeness. Euronext will not be held liable for any loss or damages of any nature ensuing from using  trusting or acting on information provided. No information set out or referred to in this publication may be regarded as creating any right or obligation. The creation of rights and obligations in respect of financial products that are traded on the exchanges operated by Euronext’s subsidiaries shall depend solely on the applicable rules of the market operator. All proprietary rights and interest in or connected with this publication shall vest in Euronext. This press release speaks only as of this date. Euronext refers to Euronext N.V. and its affiliates. Information regarding trademarks and intellectual property rights of Euronext is available at www.euronext.com/terms-use.© 2022  Euronext N.V. - All rights reserved.The Euronext Group processes your personal data in order to provide you with information about Euronext (the ""Purpose""). With regard to the processing of this personal data  Euronext will comply with its obligations under Regulation (EU) 2016/679 of the European Parliament and Council of 27 April 2016 (General Data Protection Regulation  “GDPR”)  and any applicable national laws  rules and regulations implementing the GDPR  as provided in its privacy statement available at: www.euronext.com/privacy-policy. In accordance with the applicable legislation you have rights with regard to the processing of your personal data: for more information on your rights  please refer to: www.euronext.com/data_subjects_rights_request_information. To make a request regarding the processing of your data or to unsubscribe from this press release service  please use our data subject request form at connect2.euronext.com/form/data-subjects-rights-request or email our Data Protection Officer at dpo@euronext.com.Attachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.1,0.89,True,English,"['Euronext', 'volumes', 'October', 'leading electronic fixed income trading markets', 'Contacts Media Contact Investor Relations', 'Euronext Securities central securities depositories', 'unmatched blue chip franchise', 'leading pan-European market infrastructure', 'General Data Protection Regulation', 'data subject request form', 'Data Protection Officer', 'historical volume tables', 'Aurélie Cohen', 'Cathrine Lorvik Segerlund', 'Clément Kubiak', 'strong diverse domestic', 'international client base', 'total product offering', 'global capital markets', '2,000 listed equity issuers', 'Exchange Traded Funds', 'multi-asset clearing house', 'applicable national laws', 'main regulated market', 'press release service', 'Euronext N.V.', 'intellectual property rights', 'The Euronext Group', 'trading volumes', 'market capitalisation', 'The Group', 'market operator', 'junior markets', 'personal data', 'transparent equity', 'funds listings', 'applicable legislation', 'derivatives markets', 'Marianne Aalders', 'Pascal Brabant', 'Sandra Machado', 'Andrea Monzani', 'Sarah Mound', 'European economies', 'sustainable growth', 'end September', 'largest centre', 'settlement services', 'managed services', 'third parties', 'latest news', 'investment activities', 'reasonable care', 'financial products', 'European Parliament', 'privacy statement', 'Euronext Clearing', 'applicable rules', 'regulated exchanges', 'proprietary rights', 'information purposes', 'Amsterdam', 'Brussels', 'Dublin', 'Lisbon', 'Milan', 'Oslo', 'Paris', 'October', '8 November', 'address', 'investor-relations', 'ANALYSTS', 'INVESTORS', 'innovation', 'Belgium', 'France', 'Ireland', 'Italy', 'Netherlands', 'Norway', 'Portugal', 'close', 'debt', 'world', 'Equities', 'FX', 'Warrants', 'Certificates', 'Bonds', 'Commodities', 'Indices', 'custody', 'Denmark', 'expertise', 'technology', 'addition', 'number', 'access', 'SMEs', 'Twitter', 'LinkedIn', 'Disclaimer', 'recommendation', 'representation', 'warranty', 'kind', 'accuracy', 'content', 'completeness', 'loss', 'damages', 'nature', 'publication', 'obligation', 'creation', 'respect', 'subsidiaries', 'interest', 'date', 'affiliates', 'trademarks', 'order', 'processing', 'Council', '27 April', 'GDPR', 'regulations', 'privacy-policy', 'accordance', 'regard', 'www', 'data-subjects', 'dpo', 'Attachment', '70']",2022-11-08,2022-11-08,globenewswire.com
12863,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/portugals-novo-banco-eyes-ipo-152142813.html,Portugal's Novo Banco eyes IPO amid plans to stay independent,Portugal's Novo Banco should be ready to seize the opportunity for an initial public offering when markets open up to listings  as it seeks to remain...,"By Sergio GoncalvesLISBON (Reuters) - Portugal's Novo Banco should be ready to seize the opportunity for an initial public offering when markets open up to listings  as it seeks to remain independent  its new CEO Mark Bourke told Reuters on Tuesday.Analysts have speculated that profit-making Novo Banco  which emerged from the ruins of collapsed Banco Espirito Santo in 2014 and is controlled by U.S. private equity fund Lone Star  could be merged with another lender looking to consolidate its position in Portugal.But Bourke  who took over in August  said that ""Portugal is not like some of the north European countries  which are massively over-banked""  as the five largest players own 80%-85% of the banking assets  a high level of concentration.Novo Banco is now ""a profitable  well-capitalised bank that can actually compete  endure  remain independent in the Portuguese market  and can invest and expand "" he said.The bank should build on its recovery track record and ""be ready when and if the IPO opportunity arises to take advantage of it""  he said.Bourke  who had been chief financial officer since 2019  would not say where the bank could seek to be listed  although Portuguese companies usually choose Euronext Lisbon.MASSIVE BAD LOANS CLEAN-UPSince Lone Star bought its 75% stake in 2017  Novo Banco has focused on de-risking  closing subsidiaries abroad  offloading bad loans and real estate under tough restructuring commitments agreed with Brussels. Portugal's Resolution Fund has the remaining 25% stake.Non-performing loans (NPLs) fell to 1.6 billion euros ($1.60 billion)  or 5% of total credit  in September from 2.2 billion a year earlier. In 2017  its NPLs were 10.1 billion or 28% of total loans.""The major part of the job is done. But we need to be looking at the European average  which is in the 2.5%-3% range... in the short to medium-term "" Bourke said.Novo Banco's nine-month net profit almost tripled to 428 million euros  citing improved commission income  capital market gains and a steep drop in impairments and provisions.Story continues""This was the seventh straight quarter of profitability. We can generate 80 to 100 bps of capital through underlying profitability a year – that means we control our own destiny "" Bourke said.Although nine-month net interest income (NII)  or earnings on loans minus funding costs  fell 5.6% due to higher funding costs of senior debt issuance and other factors  NII rose by 2.5% between July and September from the previous three months  benefiting from rate hikes by the European Central Bank.The average rate of its net interest margin stood at 1.29%  but the impact of the upward repricing of the portfolios should come in the fourth quarter and Novo Banco should end the year ""well above 1.5%""  the upper bound of its forecast range  he said.($1 = 0.9998 euros)(Reporting by Sergio Goncalves; editing by Elisa Martinuzzi ; Andrei Khalip and Susan Fenton)",neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,mixed,0.21,0.2,0.59,True,English,"['Novo Banco', 'Portugal', 'IPO', 'plans', 'U.S. private equity fund', 'nine-month net interest income', 'MASSIVE BAD LOANS CLEAN-UP', 'nine-month net profit', 'net interest margin', 'initial public offering', 'five largest players', 'recovery track record', 'chief financial officer', 'tough restructuring commitments', 'senior debt issuance', 'previous three months', 'north European countries', 'seventh straight quarter', 'Banco Espirito Santo', 'higher funding costs', 'capital market gains', 'profit-making Novo Banco', 'European Central Bank', 'Resolution Fund', 'commission income', 'European average', 'Portuguese market', 'fourth quarter', 'Non-performing loans', 'total loans', 'Sergio Goncalves', 'new CEO', 'Lone Star', 'banking assets', 'high level', 'Portuguese companies', 'real estate', 'total credit', 'major part', 'steep drop', '80 to 100 bps', 'other factors', 'rate hikes', 'average rate', 'upward repricing', 'upper bound', 'Elisa Martinuzzi', 'Andrei Khalip', 'Susan Fenton', 'capitalised bank', '1.6 billion euros', '428 million euros', 'IPO opportunity', 'Euronext Lisbon', 'remaining 25% stake', 'underlying profitability', 'forecast range', 'Mark Bourke', '0.9998 euros', '75% stake', '2.5%-3% range', 'Reuters', 'Portugal', 'markets', 'listings', 'Tuesday', 'Analysts', 'ruins', 'lender', 'position', 'August', 'concentration', 'advantage', 'risking', 'subsidiaries', 'Brussels', 'NPLs', 'September', 'job', 'short', 'medium-term', 'impairments', 'provisions', 'Story', 'destiny', 'NII', 'earnings', 'July', 'impact', 'portfolios', 'year']",2022-11-08,2022-11-08,finance.yahoo.com
12864,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/cancellation-euro-shares-held-treasury-180000277.html,Cancellation of Euro Shares Held in Treasury,Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited (“the Company”) a closed-ended investment company incorporated with limited liability under the laws of Guernsey with...,"BOUSSARD AND GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED (EUR)Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited (“the Company”)a closed-ended investment company incorporated with limited liability under the laws of Guernsey with registration number 45582CANCELLATION OF EURO SHARES HELD IN TREASURYThe board of the Company has resolved with immediate effect to cancel 3 474 of the issued Euro shares  thereby reducing the number of outstanding issued Euro shares of the Company to 12 313 114 Euro shares.The total issued capital is 12 443 368 shares and the total number of voting rights is 12 443 368 and this is the denominator which shareholders should use for the purpose of calculating and notifying significant interests in the Company’s shares under the Act on Financial Supervision of the Authority for the Financial Markets (Wet op het financieel toezicht of the Stichting Autoriteit Financiële Markten).”8 November 2022For further information  please contact:B&G Investment Management LLP +44 20 3751 5400Emmanuel Gavaudan (London) +44 20 3751 5389François-Xavier Baud (Paris) +33 1 44 90 39 47www.bgholdingltd.comThe Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has received the necessary approval of the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and the States of Guernsey Policy Council. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.This is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Story continuesNeither the Company nor BG Fund Plc has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that:all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results;the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; andif you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.Attachment",negative,0.0,0.08,0.92,negative,0.07,0.2,0.73,True,English,"['Euro Shares', 'Cancellation', 'Treasury', 'Stichting Autoriteit Financiële Markten', 'B&G Investment Management LLP', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'US Investment Company Act', 'BG Fund Plc', 'François-Xavier Baud', 'collective investment scheme', 'expert financial advice', 'other professional advice', 'GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED', 'Guernsey Policy Council', 'UK Listing Authority', 'closed-ended investment company', 'US Securities Act', 'EURO SHARES HELD', 'Dutch Authority', 'US persons', 'investment performance', 'original investment', 'investment decision', 'limited liability', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'Financial Markets', 'immediate effect', 'voting rights', 'significant interests', 'financieel toezicht', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'Official List', 'main market', 'applicable law', 'public offering', '12,313,114 Euro shares', 'The Company', 'other jurisdiction', 'United States', 'registration number', 'The Shares', 'necessary approval', 'future results', 'listed securities', 'information purposes', 'total number', '12,443,368 shares', 'BOUSSARD', 'laws', 'CANCELLATION', 'TREASURY', 'board', 'outstanding', 'capital', 'denominator', 'shareholders', 'Wet', 'November', 'Paris', 'article', 'conjunction', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'Story', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', 'mind', 'risk', 'past', 'guarantee', 'BGHL', 'doubt', 'contents', 'communication', 'substitute', 'Attachment']",2022-11-08,2022-11-08,finance.yahoo.com
12865,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/fertiglobe-scatec-orascom-construction-sovereign-130300085.html,Fertiglobe  Scatec  Orascom Construction and The Sovereign Fund of Egypt start commissioning of “Egypt Green”  Africa’s first integrated green hydrogen plant  during UN Climate summit,Sharm El Sheikh  Egypt  8 November 2022 Today marks the start of the commissioning of the first phase of the green hydrogen plant in Ain Sokhna  Egypt...,"ReleaseSharm El Sheikh  Egypt  8 November 2022Today marks the start of the commissioning of the first phase of the green hydrogen plant in Ain Sokhna  Egypt  during an event at COP27 attended by Egyptian President  Abdel Fattah El-Sisi and the Norwegian Prime Minister  Jonas Gahr Støre.The facility is the first integrated green hydrogen plant in Africa  and when fully developed will consist of 100 MW of electrolyzers  powered by 260 MW of solar and wind.The facility will deliver up to approximately 15 000 tons of green hydrogen as feedstock for production of up to 90 000 tons of green ammonia per year in Fertiglobe’s existing ammonia plants.The consortium is in the process of finalizing engineering and technology choices for the full-scale plant and the partners aim to reach Final Investment Decision (FID) on the facility in 2023.Currently testing the first and largest PEM electrolyzer in Africa for the first phase of the project.Egypt Green  which is owned  built  and operated by Fertiglobe (ADX: FERTIGLB  the strategic partnership between OCI N.V. (Euronext: OCI) and ADNOC)  Scatec ASA (OSE: SCATC)  Orascom Construction (NASDAQ Dubai: OC: EGX: ORAS) and The Sovereign Fund of Egypt  marks an important milestone in the development of a green hydrogen ecosystem in Egypt and the broader African region.The launch of the hydrogen facility comes as world leaders gather for the United Nations COP 27 Climate Change Conference in Sharm El Sheikh  Egypt  where they seek to accelerate global climate action through emissions reduction. Unless we make sharp reductions in greenhouse gas emissions in the coming decades  global warming will exceed the Paris agreement’s goal of limiting temperature rise to 1.5 degrees Celsius.In order to secure affordable  accessible and sustainable energy security for future generations an accelerated shift to renewable energy and lower carbon intensity fuels is required. Green hydrogen  which is produced from water using renewable energy sources  has the potential to play a significant role in decarbonizing hard to abate sectors  such as heavy industries and global shipping.Story continuesAin Sokhna has a strategic position close to the Suez Canal Economic Zone with the possibility of using renewable electricity to develop an industrial hub near global shipping lanes.Fertiglobe has a strong global network through its shareholders OCI N.V. and ADNOC and is an early mover in hydrogen and low carbon ammonia. The hydrogen tie-ins for up to 100 MW of electrolysis have already been installed at Fertiglobe’s two existing ammonia plants in Ain Sokhna.The project is being built by Orascom Construction using Egyptian engineers and state of the art technology.Terje Pilskog  CEO of co-owner and leading renewable power producer Scatec said:“Today marks a key milestone for Scatec  but more importantly  it represents a breakthrough for green hydrogen production in a strategically situated region. It is an honour to work together with Egyptian authorities and our industrial partners on this project and commence the commissioning of the green hydrogen project in Egypt during the UN world leader's climate summit. We see a massive green hydrogen demand driven by strong policy support globally  and Africa is perfectly positioned to take advantage of its low-cost renewables and strategic position.”His Excellency Dr. Sultan Al Jaber  Minister of Industry and Advanced Technology  UAE Special Envoy for Climate Change and chairman of co-owner Fertiglobe  said:“The commissioning of ‘Egypt Green’ marks another important step in the journey to unlock the potential of hydrogen and its carrier fuels. As the world meets in Sharm el Sheikh for COP 27  this project represents a practical response to the need to meet rising energy demand with minimum emissions. The first integrated green hydrogen plant in Africa  delivered in record time  shows what can be achieved when we collaborate around a shared ambition. Fertiglobe will continue to leverage its knowledge and experience in hydrogen and ammonia  to make low and zero carbon fuels more available  as the world seeks a realistic pathway to a decarbonized energy system.”Nassef Sawiris  Executive Chair of OCI N.V. and Executive Vice Chair of co-owner Fertiglobe said:“We are pleased with the launch of the first tangible project of its kind and the first integrated green hydrogen plant in Africa. It is a true milestone that puts Egypt and Africa firmly on the map as one of the best places in the world to develop a green hydrogen hub  thanks to available land  abundant renewable energy sources  the significant pool of skilled labor  and our location on global cross-roads. We are pleased to have been able to show leadership developing a green ammonia production platform in such a short time frame  something that has not been achieved elsewhere. We could not have done this without the support of in particular the Egyptian government or without the collaboration with our industrial partners. We look forward to seeing the positive impact this project can have for the world.”Ahmed El-Hoshy  CEO of OCI N.V. and co-owner Fertiglobe said:“This project is a significant further step towards our global decarbonization strategy and an exciting milestone for Fertiglobe  as it marks the first of many stages in the execution on our hydrogen roadmap. Adding the electrolyzer to our state-of-the-art ammonia facilities and infrastructure in Egypt  we are fully leveraging our existing ammonia production and global distribution infrastructure  including OCI’s Port of Rotterdam ammonia import terminal. We aim to meet the increasing demand for large-scale low-carbon hydrogen and ammonia  as the need for more sustainable energy sources becomes more urgent. Together with our partners in the project we are acting on this need and bringing the hydrogen future to life.”Osama Bishai  CEO of co-owner Orascom Construction said:""The project brings together world class partners that collectively set an ambitious goal to form a new hydrogen hub out of Egypt  thus creating a new sustainable industry. So many variables went into making this phase come to life. This project would not have been possible without the support of the Egyptian government and a number of ministries  who by working closely with the consortium  were able to provide immense support that was integral to the swift delivery of the first phase of ‘Egypt Green’. I am also proud of our teams on the ground who worked tirelessly to commission the first phase of this project  consequently  making this launch possible. This state-of-the-art project  which implements the latest hydrogen technology  is built by Egyptian engineers on Egyptian soil. We are delighted to embark on a journey that plays an important role in the sustainable industrial development of Egypt.""Ayman Soliman  CEO of The Sovereign Fund of Egypt said:“This project is a showcase of transitioning from pledges to implementation  delivering on Egypt’s promise to the world to create a regional hub for green energy and transforming the Suez Canal into a green corridor. We are setting a precedent with our foreign and local partners from the private sector by establishing the first integrated green hydrogen plant in Africa and Emerging Markets that caters to the growing demand for clean energy. It is a moment of pride that we will build on for future generations. Our pipeline of projects in the green energy field capitalizes on Egypt’s ideal location with its unique renewables profile and proximity to markets with renewables deficits to realize our shared goal of emissions reduction.""NotesAbout OCI N.V.OCI N.V. (Euronext: OCI) is a leading global producer and distributor of hydrogen products providing low carbon fertilizers  fuels  and feedstock to agricultural  transportation  and industrial customers around the world. OCI’s production capacity spans four continents and comprises approximately 16.3 million metric tons per year of hydrogen products including nitrogen fertilizers  methanol  biofuels  diesel exhaust fluid  melamine  and other products. OCI has more than 3 850 employees  is headquartered in the Netherlands and listed on Euronext in Amsterdam. Learn more about OCI at www.oci.nl .About FertiglobeFertiglobe is the world’s largest seaborne exporter of urea and ammonia combined  and an early mover in clean ammonia. Fertiglobe’s production capacity comprises of 6.7 million tons of urea and merchant ammonia  produced at four subsidiaries in the UAE  Egypt and Algeria  making it the largest producer of nitrogen fertilizers in the Middle East and North Africa (MENA)  and benefits from direct access to six key ports and distribution hubs on the Mediterranean Sea  Red Sea  and the Arab Gulf. Headquartered in Abu Dhabi and incorporated in Abu Dhabi Global Market (ADGM)  Fertiglobe employs more than 2 600 employees and was formed as a strategic partnership between OCI N.V. (“OCI”) and the Abu Dhabi National Oil Company (“ADNOC”). Fertiglobe is listed on the Abu Dhabi Securities Exchange (“ADX”) under the symbol “FERTIGLB” and ISIN “AEF000901015. To find out more  visit: www.fertiglobe.comAbout ScatecScatec ASA is a leading renewable energy solutions provider  accelerating access to reliable and affordable clean energy in high growth markets. As a long-term player  we develop  build  own and operate renewable energy plants  with 4.6 GW in operation and under construction across four continents today. We are committed to growing our renewable energy capacity  delivered by our 700 passionate employees and partners who are driven by a common vision of ‘Improving our Future’. Scatec is headquartered in Oslo  Norway and listed on the Oslo Stock Exchange under the ticker symbol ‘SCATC’. To find out more visit www.scatec.comAbout Orascom Construction PLCOrascom Construction PLC is a leading global engineering and construction contractor primarily focused on infrastructure  industrial and high-end commercial projects in the Middle East  Africa  and the United States. The Group has consistently ranked among the world’s top contractors. Orascom Construction PLC also develops and invests in infrastructure opportunities  owns 50% of BESIX Group  and holds a construction materials  facility management and equipment services portfolio. For more information  please visit www.orascom.com .About the Sovereign Fund of EgyptThe Sovereign Fund of Egypt (TSFE) was established in 2018 to attract private investment to Egypt and promote and co-invest in state-owned assets to maximise their value and support the Egyptian economy. Independently managed by senior finance executives  TSFE selects investable assets from public stakeholders and co-invests in them with local and foreign partners. The fund’s mission is to increase the private sector’s role in the economy and create more jobs for Egypt’s young population. The fund operates under a special law which allows it to establish investment partnerships that offer unique opportunities for investors  to aid the government’s efforts to carry out structural reforms in various sectors and diversify Egypt’s growing economy. The fund adheres to best international practices in all areas  operating with transparent and flexible investment rules  which enable diverse co-investment structures and good governance in management. The fund is supervised by a board of directors and a general assembly with the majority of members coming from the private sector. TSFE was established by Law 177 in 2018. Its charter was issued by the Prime Minister’s Decision no. 555 in 2019. The fund is a member of the International Forum for Sovereign Wealth Funds. To find out more visit: www.tsfe.comFor further information  please contact:For media: Stian Karlsen  Communications Manager  tel: +47 920 67 460  stian.karlsen@scatec.comFor analysts and investors: Andreas Austrell  VP IR  andreas.austrell@scatec.com",neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.75,0.09,0.16,True,English,"['first integrated green hydrogen plant', 'The Sovereign Fund', 'UN Climate summit', 'Egypt Green', 'Orascom Construction', 'Fertiglobe', 'Scatec', 'commissioning', 'Africa', 'His Excellency Dr. Sultan Al Jaber', 'United Nations COP 27 Climate Change Conference', 'first integrated green hydrogen plant', 'Jonas Gahr Støre', 'Suez Canal Economic Zone', 'leading renewable power producer', 'lower carbon intensity fuels', 'two existing ammonia plants', 'massive green hydrogen demand', 'abundant renewable energy sources', 'green ammonia production platform', 'rising energy demand', 'zero carbon fuels', 'green hydrogen ecosystem', 'Sharm El Sheikh', 'Abdel Fattah El-Sisi', 'Final Investment Decision', 'largest PEM electrolyzer', 'The Sovereign Fund', 'sustainable energy security', 'UAE Special Envoy', 'decarbonized energy system', 'global climate action', 'green hydrogen production', 'green hydrogen hub', 'OCI N.V.', 'strong global network', 'short time frame', 'greenhouse gas emissions', 'low carbon ammonia', 'Norwegian Prime Minister', 'up to 90,000 tons', 'broader African region', 'global shipping lanes', 'strong policy support', 'Executive Vice Chair', 'first tangible project', 'up to 100 MW', 'UN world leader', 'green hydrogen project', 'full-scale plant', 'first phase', 'climate summit', 'renewable electricity', 'carrier fuels', 'Executive Chair', 'hydrogen tie', 'global warming', 'industrial hub', 'record time', 'global cross-roads', 'Egypt Green', 'emissions reduction', 'minimum emissions', 'hydrogen facility', 'Ain Sokhna', 'Egyptian President', 'technology choices', 'strategic partnership', 'Orascom Construction', 'NASDAQ Dubai', 'important milestone', 'sharp reductions', 'coming decades', 'Paris agreement', 'temperature rise', '1.5 degrees Celsius', 'affordable, accessible', 'future generations', 'accelerated shift', 'significant role', 'heavy industries', 'strategic position', 'early mover', 'Egyptian engineers', 'art technology', 'Terje Pilskog', 'key milestone', 'Egyptian authorities', 'low-cost renewables', 'Advanced Technology', 'important step', 'practical response', 'shared ambition', 'realistic pathway', 'Nassef Sawiris', 'true milestone', 'best places', 'available land', 'significant pool', 'skilled labor', 'Egyptian government', 'positive impact', 'industrial partners', 'world leaders', 'owner Fertiglobe', '15,000 tons', '260 MW', 'Release', 'start', 'commissioning', 'event', 'COP27', 'electrolyzers', 'solar', 'wind', 'feedstock', 'year', 'consortium', 'process', 'engineering', 'FID', 'ADX', 'FERTIGLB', 'Euronext', 'ADNOC', 'Scatec', 'ASA', 'OSE', 'SCATC', 'EGX', 'development', 'launch', 'goal', 'order', 'water', 'potential', 'sectors', 'Story', 'possibility', 'shareholders', 'ins', 'electrolysis', 'state', 'CEO', 'Today', 'breakthrough', 'honour', 'advantage', 'Industry', 'chairman', 'journey', 'need', 'knowledge', 'experience', 'kind', 'map', 'location', 'leadership', 'something', 'collaboration']",2022-11-08,2022-11-08,finance.yahoo.com
12866,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/press-release-biocartis-group-nv-060000279.html,Press release Biocartis Group NV: New Idylla™ EGFR Study Shows Reduction of Time-to-Treatment by 48% for Lung Cancer Patients,PRESS RELEASE: 8 November 2022  07:00 CET New Idylla™ EGFR Study Shows Reduction of Time-to-Treatment by 48% for Lung Cancer PatientsIdylla™ EGFR Mutation...,PRESS RELEASE: 8 November 2022  07:00 CETNew Idylla™ EGFR Study Shows Reduction of Time-to-Treatment by 48% for Lung Cancer PatientsIdylla™ EGFR Mutation Test (CE-IVD) leading to time-to-treatment on average 16.8 days faster than Next Generation Sequencing (NGS) for EGFR positive patients as such showing Idylla™’s potential to improve strategic treatment decisions of patients with advanced non-small cell lung cancerMechelen  Belgium  8 November 2022 – Biocartis Group NV (the ‘Company’ or ‘Biocartis’)  an innovative molecular diagnostics company (Euronext Brussels: BCART)  today announces the recent publication of a new  large prospective study1 demonstrating that the Idylla™ EGFR Mutation Test (CE-IVD2) leads to the significant reduction of the time-to-treatment by 48% or on average 16.8 days faster than NGS testing for EGFR positive patients. This shows Idylla™’s potential to improve strategic treatment decisions within a multidisciplinary team for patients with advanced non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC).Herman Verrelst  Chief Executive Officer of Biocartis  commented: “Tailoring cancer treatments to individual patients is key  and require molecular diagnostic testing to help identify the specific biomarkers involved. Recent studies3 among approximately 1 600 patients show that in many European countries  less than 50% of the patients undergo biomarker testing. This is due to  among other reasons  lack of diagnostic laboratory infrastructure which also hinders a broader uptake of more complex testing technologies such as NGS. Integrating decentralized  rapid and easy-to-use Idylla™ testing in routine use can help broaden access to biomarker testing and as such  improve patient treatment and outcomes. We are therefore very pleased with another study showing the significant impact of Idylla™ on time-to-treatment that is no less than 16.8 days faster than NGS for EGFR positive patients with advanced NSCLC.”The study was performed on 238 samples which were tested both using an NGS panel (Oncopanel) and the Idylla™ EGFR Mutation Test4. The study showed a concordance of 98.7% between the Idylla™ EGFR Mutation Test and the NGS panel. The lab turnaround time was faster for the Idylla™ EGFR Mutation Test by an average of 12.4 days. In the EGFR positive cohort  the Idylla™ EGFR Mutation Test led to a 48% reduction and on average 16.8 days faster turnaround time.Furthermore  the study concludes that the Idylla™ EGFR Mutation Test could contribute to overall time and cost savings for patients if testing is implemented in a stepwise manner  where the Idylla™ EGFR Mutation Test and the PD-L1 IHC (Immunohistochemistry) test are performed first  and comprehensive yet more expensive NGS panel testing is only initiated in case of a negative Idylla™ EGFR Mutation Test. Such first-line use of Idylla™ EGFR Mutation Test is not only more cost-effective  but it also allows to obtain EGFR test results in the same time frame as the PD-L1 IHC test results  which is important as EGFR positivity may be a contra-indication forPD-1/PD-L1 therapy in NSCLC5.The impact of the rapid Idylla™ EGFR Mutation Test on turnaround times is in line with previous studies6 published  concluding that Idylla™ testing early on may contribute to improving strategic treatment decisions in a multidisciplinary team for patients with NSCLC by the early screening of EGFR mutations.--- END ---More information:Renate DegraveHead of Corporate Communications & Investor Relations Biocartise-mail rdegrave@biocartis.comtel +32 15 631 729mobile 32 471 53 60 64About BiocartisWith its revolutionary and proprietary Idylla™ platform  Biocartis (Euronext Brussels: BCART) aspires to enable personalized medicine for patients around the world through universal access to molecular testing  by making molecular testing actionable  convenient  fast and suitable for any lab. The Idylla™ platform is a fully automated sample-to-result  real-time PCR (Polymerase Chain Reaction) based system designed to offer in-house access to accurate molecular information in a minimum amount of time for faster  informed treatment decisions. Idylla™’s continuously expanding menu of molecular diagnostic tests address key unmet clinical needs  with a focus in oncology. This is the fastest growing segment of the molecular diagnostics market worldwide. Today  Biocartis offers tests supporting melanoma  colorectal  lung and liver cancer  as well as for COVID-19  Flu  RSV and sepsis. For more information  visit www.biocartis.com or follow Biocartis on Twitter @Biocartis_   Facebook or LinkedIn.Biocartis and Idylla™ are registered trademarks in Europe  the United States and other countries. The Biocartis and Idylla™ trademark and logo are used trademarks owned by Biocartis. Please refer to the product labeling for applicable intended uses for each individual Biocartis product.This press release is not for distribution  directly or indirectly  in any jurisdiction where to do so would be unlawful. Any persons reading this press release should inform themselves of and observe any such restrictions. Biocartis takes no responsibility for any violation of any such restrictions by any person. This press release does not constitute an offer or invitation for the sale or purchase of securities in any jurisdiction. No securities of Biocartis may be offered or sold in the United States of America absent registration with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission or an exemption from registration under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933  as amended.Forward-looking statementsCertain statements  beliefs and opinions in this press release are forward-looking  which reflect the Company's or  as appropriate  the Company directors' or managements' current expectations and projections concerning future events such as the Company's results of operations  financial condition  liquidity  performance  prospects  growth  strategies and the industry in which the Company operates. By their nature  forward-looking statements involve a number of risks  uncertainties  assumptions and other factors that could cause actual results or events to differ materially from those expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. These risks  uncertainties  assumptions and factors could adversely affect the outcome and financial effects of the plans and events described herein. A multitude of factors including  but not limited to  changes in demand  competition and technology  can cause actual events  performance or results to differ significantly from any anticipated development. Forward-looking statements contained in this press release regarding past trends or activities are not guarantees of future performance and should not be taken as a representation that such trends or activities will continue in the future. In addition  even if actual results or developments are consistent with the forward-looking statements contained in this press release  those results or developments may not be indicative of results or developments in future periods. No representations and warranties are made as to the accuracy or fairness of such forward-looking statements. As a result  the Company expressly disclaims any obligation or undertaking to release any updates or revisions to any forward-looking statements in this press release as a result of any change in expectations or any change in events  conditions  assumptions or circumstances on which these forward-looking statements are based  except if specifically required to do so by law or regulation. Neither the Company nor its advisers or representatives nor any of its subsidiary undertakings or any such person's officers or employees guarantees that the assumptions underlying such forward-looking statements are free from errors nor does either accept any responsibility for the future accuracy of the forward-looking statements contained in this press release or the actual occurrence of the forecasted developments. You should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements  which speak only as of the date of this press release.1 Banyi N  Alex D  Hughesman C  McNeil K  N Ionescu D  Ma C  Yip S  Melosky B. Improving Time-to-Treatment for Advanced Non-Small Cell Lung Cancer Patients through Faster Single Gene EGFR Testing Using the Idylla™ EGFR Testing Platform. Curr Oncol. 2022 Oct 18;29(10):7900-7911. doi: 10.3390/curroncol29100624. PMID: 362909012 The Idylla™ platform is cleared in the US under K163628. Idylla™ EGFR assay is for Research Use Only in the United States  not for use in diagnostic procedures. For more information  go to https://www.biocartis.com/en-US3 Normanno N  Apostolidis K  Wolf A  Al Dieri R  Deans Z  Fairley J  Maas J  Martinez A  Moch H  Nielsen S  Pilz T  Rouleau E  Patton S  Williams V. Access and quality of biomarker testing for precision oncology in Europe. Eur J Cancer. 2022 Oct 1;176:70-77. doi: 10.1016/j.ejca.2022.09.005. Epub ahead of print. PMID: 361949054 For each patient  the time that the lab received the sample  the time taken to report the NGS and Idylla™ testing results  the time of first treatment and the final treatment regimen were taken into account5 J. Mazieres et al. Immune checkpoint inhibitors for patients with advanced lung cancer and oncogenic driver alterations: results from the IMMUNOTARGET registry. Annals of Oncology 20196 Including Petiteau C  Robinet-Zimmermann G  Riot A  Dorbeau M  Richard N  Blanc-Fournier C  Bibeau F  Deshayes S  Bergot E  Gervais R  Levallet G. Contribution of the IdyllaTM System to Improving the Therapeutic Care of Patients with NSCLC through Early Screening of EGFR Mutations. Curr Oncol. 2021 Nov 3;28(6):4432-4445. doi: 10.3390/curroncol28060376. PMID: 34898548; PMCID: PMC8628756; Finall A  Davies G  Jones T  et al. J Clin Pathol Epub ahead of print. doi:10.1136/ jclinpath-2021-207987,neutral,0.0,0.97,0.03,mixed,0.33,0.0,0.66,True,English,"['New Idylla™ EGFR Study', 'Biocartis Group NV', 'Lung Cancer Patients', 'Press release', 'Reduction', 'Time', 'Treatment', 'negative Idylla™ EGFR Mutation Test', 'advanced non-small cell lung cancer', 'rapid Idylla™ EGFR Mutation Test', 'new, large prospective study1', 'key unmet clinical needs', 'PD-L1 IHC test results', 'faster, informed treatment decisions', 'innovative molecular diagnostics company', 'New Idylla™ EGFR Study', 'EGFR test results', 'expensive NGS panel testing', 'EGFR positive cohort', 'molecular diagnostics market', 'proprietary Idylla™ platform', 'Next Generation Sequencing', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'diagnostic laboratory infrastructure', 'Polymerase Chain Reaction', 'fastest growing segment', 'The Idylla™ platform', 'many European countries', 'Such first-line use', 'EGFR positive patients', 'strategic treatment decisions', 'complex testing technologies', 'Lung Cancer Patients', 'molecular diagnostic testing', 'accurate molecular information', 'molecular diagnostic tests', 'same time frame', 'Investor Relations Biocartis', 'individual Biocartis product', 'lab turnaround time', 'Immunohistochemistry) test', 'EGFR positivity', 'EGFR mutations', 'decentralized, rapid', 'Idylla™ testing', 'cancer treatments', 'liver cancer', 'molecular testing', 'Idylla™ trademark', 'advanced NSCLC', 'routine use', 'other countries', 'product labeling', 'turnaround times', 'biomarker testing', 'individual patients', 'NGS testing', 'patient treatment', 'PRESS RELEASE', 'Euronext Brussels', 'recent publication', 'multidisciplinary team', 'Herman Verrelst', 'specific biomarkers', 'Recent studies3', 'other reasons', 'broader uptake', 'cost savings', 'stepwise manner', 'PD-1/PD-L1 therapy', 'previous studies6', 'early screening', 'More information', 'Renate Degrave', 'Corporate Communications', 'personalized medicine', 'real-time PCR', 'based system', 'minimum amount', 'expanding menu', 'United States', 'The Biocartis', 'intended uses', 'overall time', 'Biocartis Group', 'significant impact', 'significant reduction', 'universal access', 'NGS.', '1,600 patients', '48% reduction', '8 November', '07:00 CET', 'CE-IVD', 'potential', 'Mechelen', 'Belgium', 'BCART', 'average', 'less', 'lack', 'outcomes', '238 samples', 'Oncopanel', 'concordance', '12.4 days', '16.8 days', 'comprehensive', 'case', 'contra-indication', 'Head', 'mail', 'revolutionary', 'world', 'house', 'focus', 'oncology', 'melanoma', 'colorectal', 'COVID', 'Flu', 'RSV', 'sepsis', 'Twitter', 'Facebook', 'LinkedIn', 'trademarks', 'logo', 'applicable', 'distribution', 'jurisdiction', 'persons', '98']",2022-11-08,2022-11-08,finance.yahoo.com
12867,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20221108005449/en/Satellogic-Completes-Investment-in-Officina-Stellare-a-Leader-in-the-Design-and-Production-of-Optomechanical-Instrumentation,Satellogic Completes Investment in Officina Stellare  a Leader in the Design and Production of Optomechanical Instrumentation,NEW YORK--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Satellogic Completes Investment in Officina Stellare  a Leader in the Design and Production of Optomechanical Instrumentation,NEW YORK--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Satellogic Inc. (NASDAQ: SATL)  a leader in sub-meter resolution Earth Observation (“EO”) data collection  today announced the completion of an ~5% investment in Officina Stellare (“OS”). This includes an option for Satellogic to expand its ownership to up to 12% in the next 36 months and the appointment of Emiliano Kargieman  CEO and Co-Founder of Satellogic  to the OS Board of Directors.OS  a publicly traded Euronext Growth Milan company headquartered in Sarcedo - Vicenza  is widely recognized as a leader in the design and production of optomechanical instrumentation for aerospace  research  and defense sectors. OS continues to be a telescope provider for Satellogic and specializes in communication  optical  and quantum applications that are the backbone infrastructures for the rapidly growing Space Economy.“Acquiring a significant ownership interest in Officina Stellare represents a strategic investment in a key industry supplier  and is a large step towards furthering our own vertical integration and greater supply chain resiliency ” said Satellogic’s Emiliano Kargieman. “Our vertical integration enables Satellogic to have shorter R&D cycles  faster innovation cycles and lower satellite costs compared to competitors  and we believe this approach will continue to unlock commercial opportunities in the market.”“Officina Stellare brings an experienced  dynamic team which complements our development and innovation capabilities. This is an exciting opportunity not only to help guide their delivery of advanced optomechanical instrumentation  but also facilitates our own collaborative growth in commercial markets and customer-centric innovation ” added Kargieman.Gino Bucciol  Co-founder and VP of Business Development at OS  said: “Officina Stellare and Satellogic have always shared a common drive for customer innovation and industry disruption  and together we are positioned to bring both into the New Space Economy. This is a starting point for our collaboration  and we look forward to expanding our aerospace capabilities and greater market penetration.”About Officina StellareOfficina Stellare S.p.A. (OS.MI) is a leader in the design  development and delivery of complex opto-mechanical systems and instrumentation for both Ground and Space-based applications. The company operates as a vertical integrator where precise  state of the art designing  manufacturing  integration and testing are performed in-house with granular accuracy. The Company headquartered in Sarcedo (VI)  Italy  has been listed on the Euronext Growth market of Borsa Italiana since 2019.The company stands out from the international panorama for the entirely in-house availability of the know-how and processes necessary for the design  manufacturing and commissioning of its products and systems for both series and full custom solutions.To learn more  please visit: www.officinastellare.comAbout SatellogicFounded in 2010 by Emiliano Kargieman and Gerardo Richarte  Satellogic (NASDAQ: SATL) is the first vertically integrated geospatial company  driving real outcomes with planetary-scale insights. Satellogic is creating and continuously enhancing the first scalable  fully automated EO platform with the ability to remap the entire planet at both high-frequency and high-resolution  providing accessible and affordable solutions for customers.Satellogic’s mission is to democratize access to geospatial data through its information platform of high-resolution images and analytics to help solve the world’s most pressing problems including climate change  energy supply  and food security. Using its patented Earth imaging technology  Satellogic unlocks the power of EO to deliver high-quality  planetary insights at the lowest cost in the industry.With more than a decade of experience in space  Satellogic has proven technology and a strong track record of delivering satellites to orbit and high-resolution data to customers at the right price point.To learn more  please visit: http://www.satellogic.comForward Looking StatementsThis press release contains “forward-looking statements” within the meaning of the U.S. federal securities laws. The words “anticipate”  “believe”  “continue”  “could”  “estimate”  “expect”  “intends”  “may”  “might”  “plan”  “possible”  “potential”  “predict”  “project”  “should”  “would” and similar expressions may identify forward-looking statements  but the absence of these words does not mean that a statement is not forward-looking. These forward-looking statements are based on Satellogic’s current expectations and beliefs concerning future developments and their potential effects on Satellogic and include statements concerning Satellogic’s strategies  Satellogic’s future opportunities  including  without limitation  Satellogic’s option to increase its ownership interest in OS  and the commercial and governmental applications for Satellogic’s technology. Forward-looking statements are predictions  projections and other statements about future events that are based on current expectations and assumptions and  as a result  are subject to risks and uncertainties. These statements are based on various assumptions  whether or not identified in this press release. These forward-looking statements are provided for illustrative purposes only and are not intended to serve as  and must not be relied on by  an investor as  a guarantee  an assurance  a prediction or a definitive statement of fact or probability. Actual events and circumstances are difficult or impossible to predict and will differ from assumptions. Many actual events and circumstances are beyond the control of Satellogic. Many factors could cause actual future events to differ materially from the forward-looking statements in this press release  including but not limited to: (i) Satellogic’s ability to scale its constellation and to do so on Satellogic’s projected timeframe  (ii) Satellogic’s ability to continue to meet image quality expectations  to continue to enhance the capability of its network of satellites and to continue to offer superior unit economics  (iii) Satellogic’s ability to become or remain an industry leader  (iv) the number of commercial applications for Satellogic’s products and services  (v) Satellogic’s ability to address all commercial applications for satellite imagery  changes in the competitive and highly regulated industries in which Satellogic operates  variations in operating performance across competitors and changes in laws and regulations affecting Satellogic’s business  (vi) the ability to implement business plans  forecasts and other expectations  and to identify and realize additional opportunities  (vii) the risk of downturns in the commercial launch services  satellite and spacecraft industry  (viii) the risk that Satellogic and its current and future collaborators are unable to successfully develop and commercialize Satellogic’s products or services  or experience significant delays in doing so  (ix) the risk that third-party suppliers and manufacturers are not able to fully and timely meet their obligations  (x) the risk of product liability or regulatory lawsuits or proceedings relating to Satellogic’s products and services  and (xi) the risk that Satellogic is unable to secure or protect its intellectual property. The foregoing list of factors is not exhaustive. You should carefully consider the foregoing factors and the other risks and uncertainties described in the “Risk Factors” section of Satellogic’s Annual Report on Form 20-F and other documents filed or to be filed by Satellogic from time to time with the Securities and Exchange Commission. These filings identify and address other important risks and uncertainties that could cause actual events and results to differ materially from those contained in the forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements speak only as of the date they are made. Readers are cautioned not to put undue reliance on forward-looking statements  and Satellogic assumes no obligation and does not intend to update or revise these forward-looking statements  whether as a result of new information  future events  or otherwise. Satellogic can give no assurance that it will achieve its expectations.,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,positive,0.76,0.24,0.01,True,English,"['Officina Stellare', 'Optomechanical Instrumentation', 'Satellogic', 'Investment', 'Leader', 'Design', 'Production', 'first scalable, fully automated EO platform', 'U.S. federal securities laws', 'Officina Stellare S.p.A.', 'sub-meter resolution Earth Observation', 'shorter R&D cycles', 'greater supply chain resiliency', 'Euronext Growth Milan company', 'lower satellite costs', 'experienced, dynamic team', 'strong track record', 'greater market penetration', 'Euronext Growth market', 'faster innovation cycles', 'EO”) data collection', 'full custom solutions', 'high-quality, planetary insights', 'right price point', 'growing Space Economy', 'Earth imaging technology', 'key industry supplier', 'complex opto-mechanical systems', 'New Space Economy', 'significant ownership interest', 'advanced optomechanical instrumentation', 'information platform', 'a decade', 'collaborative growth', 'energy supply', 'NEW YORK', 'starting point', 'planetary-scale insights', 'affordable solutions', 'geospatial data', 'innovation capabilities', 'customer-centric innovation', 'customer innovation', 'BUSINESS WIRE', 'next 36 months', 'defense sectors', 'telescope provider', 'communication, optical', 'quantum applications', 'backbone infrastructures', 'large step', 'exciting opportunity', 'Gino Bucciol', 'common drive', 'industry disruption', 'Space-based applications', 'vertical integrator', 'precise, state', 'art designing', 'granular accuracy', 'Borsa Italiana', 'international panorama', 'Gerardo Richarte', 'real outcomes', 'entire planet', 'pressing problems', 'climate change', 'food security', 'lowest cost', 'high-resolution data', 'press release', 'similar expressions', 'current expectations', 'future developments', 'potential effects', 'future opportunities', 'governmental applications', 'future events', 'geospatial company', 'Emiliano Kargieman', 'forward-looking statements', 'other statements', 'vertical integration', 'commercial opportunities', 'commercial markets', 'high-resolution images', 'strategic investment', 'aerospace capabilities', 'house availability', 'Business Development', 'OS Board', 'OS.MI', 'Satellogic Inc.', '~5% investment', 'SATL', 'leader', 'completion', 'option', 'appointment', 'CEO', 'Founder', 'Directors', 'Sarcedo', 'Vicenza', 'production', 'research', 'rapidly', 'competitors', 'approach', 'delivery', 'VP', 'collaboration', 'Ground', 'manufacturing', 'testing', 'Italy', 'know-how', 'processes', 'commissioning', 'products', 'series', 'NASDAQ', 'vertically', 'high-frequency', 'accessible', 'customers', 'analytics', 'world', 'power', 'satellites', 'orbit', 'meaning', 'words', 'project', 'absence', 'beliefs', 'strategies', 'limitation', 'predictions']",2022-11-08,2022-11-08,businesswire.com
12868,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/bghl-euro-nav-share-buy-063000344.html,BGHL Euro NAV & Share buy back,BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary Shares The Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for...,"BOUSSARD AND GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED (EUR)BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary SharesThe Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for the Company.Close of business 07 Nov 2022.Estimated NAVEuro Shares Sterling Shares Estimated NAV € 27.8949 £ 24.4669 Estimated MTD return -0.90 % -0.90 % Estimated YTD return -4.47 % -3.31 % Estimated ITD return 178.95 % 144.67 %NAV and returns are calculated net of management and performance feesMarket informationEuro Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close € 22.20 N/A Premium/discount to estimated NAV -20.42 % N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close N/A GBX 2 000.00 Premium/discount to estimated NAV N/A -18.26 %Transactions in own securities purchased into treasuryOrdinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares 1 700 N/A Average Price € 22.40 N/A Range of Price N/A N/ALiquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/ABGHL CapitalBGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Shares Outstanding 12 305 814 130 254 Held in treasury 10 774 N/A Shares Issued 12 316 588 130 254Estimated BG Fund NAVClass B Euro Shares (estimated) € 243.5864 Class GBP A Shares (estimated) £ 130.5077The Class B Euro Shares of BG Fund are not subject to investment manager fees  as the Investment Manager receives management fees and performance fees in respect of its role as Investment Manager of BGHL.Story continuesFor further information please contact:Boussard & Gavaudan Investment Management  LLP.Emmanuel Gavaudan +44 (0) 20 3751 5389 Email : info@bgam-uk.comThe Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has received the necessary approval of the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and the States of Guernsey Policy Council. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.This is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Neither the Company nor BG Fund ICAV has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that:all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results;the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; andif you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.Attachment",neutral,0.05,0.95,0.0,negative,0.0,0.16,0.84,True,English,"['BGHL Euro NAV', 'Share', 'A Liquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number', 'The Class B Euro Shares', 'BGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares', 'N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'A N/A Average Price', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'Sterling Shares Shares', 'Euro Shares Amsterdam', 'US Investment Company Act', 'GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED', 'expert financial advice', 'Guernsey Policy Council', 'collective investment scheme', 'UK Listing Authority', 'other professional advice', 'BG Fund ICAV', 'A Shares', 'closed-ended investment company', 'US Securities Act', 'Gavaudan Investment Management', 'investment manager fees', 'BG Fund NAV', 'The Shares', 'A Range', 'Dutch Authority', 'N/A GBX', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'US persons', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'Financial Markets', 'The Directors', 'The Company', 'investment performance', 'original investment', 'investment decision', 'performance fees', 'BGHL Capital', 'management fees', 'MTD return', 'YTD return', 'ITD return', 'financieel toezicht', 'Official List', 'applicable law', 'public offering', 'other jurisdiction', 'United States', 'following information', 'information purposes', 'necessary approval', 'main market', 'future results', 'listed securities', 'Market information', 'BOUSSARD', 'business', 'returns', 'AEX', 'LSE', 'Transactions', 'treasury', 'respect', 'role', 'Story', 'LLP.', 'Email', 'article', 'conjunction', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', 'mind', 'risk', 'past', 'guarantee', 'doubt', 'contents', 'communication', 'substitute', 'Attachment']",2022-11-08,2022-11-08,finance.yahoo.com
12869,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/bghl-gbp-nav-share-buy-063000468.html,BGHL GBP NAV & Share buy back,BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary Shares The Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for...,"BOUSSARD AND GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED (GBP)BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary SharesThe Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for the Company.Close of business 07 Nov 2022.Estimated NAVEuro Shares Sterling Shares Estimated NAV € 27.8949 £ 24.4669 Estimated MTD return -0.90 % -0.90 % Estimated YTD return -4.47 % -3.31 % Estimated ITD return 178.95 % 144.67 %NAV and returns are calculated net of management and performance feesMarket informationEuro Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close € 22.20 N/A Premium/discount to estimated NAV -20.42 % N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close N/A GBX 2 000.00 Premium/discount to estimated NAV N/A -18.26 %Transactions in own securities purchased into treasuryOrdinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares 1 700 N/A Average Price € 22.40 N/A Range of Price N/A N/ALiquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/ABGHL CapitalBGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Shares Outstanding 12 305 814 130 254 Held in treasury 10 774 N/A Shares Issued 12 316 588 130 254Estimated BG Fund NAVClass B Euro Shares (estimated) € 243.5864 Class GBP A Shares (estimated) £ 130.5077The Class B Euro Shares of BG Fund are not subject to investment manager fees  as the Investment Manager receives management fees and performance fees in respect of its role as Investment Manager of BGHL.Story continuesFor further information please contact:Boussard & Gavaudan Investment Management  LLP.Emmanuel Gavaudan +44 (0) 20 3751 5389 Email : info@bgam-uk.comThe Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has received the necessary approval of the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and the States of Guernsey Policy Council. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.This is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Neither the Company nor BG Fund ICAV has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that:all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results;the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; andif you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.Attachment",neutral,0.08,0.91,0.0,negative,0.0,0.16,0.84,True,English,"['BGHL GBP NAV', 'Share', 'A Liquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number', 'BGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares', 'The Class B Euro Shares', 'GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary Shares', 'N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'A N/A Average Price', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'Sterling Shares Shares', 'Euro Shares Amsterdam', 'US Investment Company Act', 'expert financial advice', 'Guernsey Policy Council', 'collective investment scheme', 'UK Listing Authority', 'other professional advice', 'BG Fund ICAV', 'Gavaudan Investment Management', 'A Shares', 'closed-ended investment company', 'US Securities Act', 'investment manager fees', 'BG Fund NAV', 'The Shares', 'A Range', 'Dutch Authority', 'N/A GBX', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'US persons', 'Financial Markets', 'The Directors', 'The Company', 'investment performance', 'original investment', 'investment decision', 'performance fees', 'BGHL Capital', 'management fees', 'MTD return', 'YTD return', 'ITD return', 'financieel toezicht', 'Official List', 'applicable law', 'public offering', 'other jurisdiction', 'United States', 'following information', 'information purposes', 'necessary approval', 'main market', 'future results', 'listed securities', 'Market information', 'BOUSSARD', 'GBP', 'business', 'returns', 'AEX', 'LSE', 'Transactions', 'treasury', 'respect', 'role', 'Story', 'LLP.', 'Email', 'article', 'conjunction', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', 'mind', 'risk', 'past', 'guarantee', 'doubt', 'contents', 'communication', 'substitute', 'Attachment']",2022-11-08,2022-11-08,finance.yahoo.com
12870,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/progress-share-buyback-programme-070000514.html,Progress on share buyback programme,Progress on share buyback programme ING announced today that  under its €1.5 billion share buyback programme announced on 3 November 2022  the company has...,ING GroupProgress on share buyback programmeING announced today that  under its €1.5 billion share buyback programme announced on 3 November 2022  the company has repurchased 9 811 962 shares during the week of 3 November 2022 up to and including 4 November 2022.The shares were repurchased at an average price of €10.71 for a total amount of €105 062 371.60. For detailed information on the daily repurchased shares  individual share purchase transactions and weekly reports  see the ING website at www.ing.com/investorrelations.The total number of shares repurchased under this programme to date is 9 811 962 ordinary shares at an average price of €10.71 for a total consideration of €105 062 371.60. To date 7.00 % of the maximum total value of the share buyback programme has been completed.Note for editorsFor further information on ING  please visit www.ing.com. Frequent news updates can be found in the Newsroom or via the @ING_news Twitter feed. Photos of ING operations  buildings and its executives are available for download at Flickr. ING presentations are available at SlideShare.Press enquiries Investor enquiries Christoph Linke ING Group Investor Relations +31 20 576 5000 +31 20 576 6396 Christoph.Linke@ing.com Investor.Relations@ing.comING PROFILEING is a global financial institution with a strong European base  oﬀering banking services through its operating company ING Bank. The purpose of ING Bank is: empowering people to stay a step ahead in life and in business. ING Bank’s more than 58 000 employees oﬀer retail and wholesale banking services to customers in over 40 countries.ING Group shares are listed on the exchanges of Amsterdam (INGA NA  INGA.AS)  Brussels and on the New York Stock Exchange (ADRs: ING US  ING.N).Sustainability is an integral part of ING’s strategy  evidenced by ING’s leading position in sector benchmarks. ING's Environmental  Social and Governance (ESG) rating by MSCI was aﬃrmed 'AA' in September 2022. As of August 2022  Sustainalytics considers ING’s management of ESG material risk to be ‘strong’  and in June 2022 ING received an ESG rating of 'strong' from S&P Global Ratings. ING Group shares are also included in major sustainability and ESG index products of leading providers Euronext  STOXX  Morningstar and FTSE Russell.Story continuesIMPORTANT LEGAL INFORMATIONCertain of the statements contained herein are not historical facts  including  without limitation  certain statements made of future expectations and other forward-looking statements that are based on management’s current views and assumptions and involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results  performance or events to diﬀer materially from those expressed or implied in such statements. Actual results  performance or events may diﬀer materially from those in such statements due to a number of factors  including  without limitation: (1) changes in general economic conditions and customer behaviour  in particular economic conditions in ING’s core markets  including changes aﬀecting currency exchange rates and the regional and global economic impact of the invasion of Russia into Ukraine and related international response measures (2) eﬀects of the Covid-19 pandemic and related response measures  including lockdowns and travel restrictions  on economic conditions in countries in which ING operates  on ING’s business and operations and on ING’s employees  customers and counterparties (3) changes aﬀecting interest rate levels (4) any default of a major market participant and related market disruption (5) changes in performance of financial markets  including in Europe and developing markets (6) fiscal uncertainty in Europe and the United States(7) discontinuation of or changes in ‘benchmark’ indices (8) inflation and deflation in our principal markets (9) changes in conditions in the credit and capital markets generally  including changes in borrower and counterparty creditworthiness (10) failures of banks falling under the scope of state compensation schemes (11) non-compliance with or changes in laws and regulations  including those concerning financial services  financial economic crimes and tax laws  and the interpretation and application thereof (12) geopolitical risks  political instabilities and policies and actions of governmental and regulatory authorities  including in connection with the invasion of Russia into Ukraine and related international response measures (13) legal and regulatory risks in certain countries with less developed legal and regulatory frameworks(14) prudential supervision and regulations  including in relation to stress tests and regulatory restrictions on dividends and distributions (also among members of the group) (15) regulatory consequences of the United Kingdom’s withdrawal from the European Union  including authorizations and equivalence decisions (16) ING’s ability to meet minimum capital and other prudential regulatory requirements (17) changes in regulation of US commodities and derivatives businesses of ING and its customers(18) application of bank recovery and resolution regimes  including write- down and conversion powers in relation to our securities (19) outcome of current and future litigation  enforcement proceedings  investigations or other regulatory actions  including claims by customers or stakeholders who feel misled or treated unfairly  and other conduct issues (20) changes in tax laws and regulations and risks of non-compliance or investigation in connection with tax laws  including FATCA (21) operational and IT risks  such as system disruptions or failures  breaches of security  cyber-attacks  human error  changes in operational practices or inadequate controls including in respect of third parties with which we do business (22) risks and challenges related to cybercrime including the eﬀects of cyberattacks and changes in legislation and regulation related to cybersecurity and data privacy (23) changes in general competitive factors  including ability to increase or maintain market share (24) inability to protect our intellectual property and infringement claims by third parties (25) inability of counterparties to meet financial obligations or ability to enforce rights against such counterparties (26) changes in credit ratings (27) business  operational  regulatory  reputation  transition and other risks and challenges in connection with climate change and ESG-related matters(28) inability to attract and retain key personnel (29) future liabilities under defined benefit retirement plans (30) failure to manage business risks  including in connection with use of models  use of derivatives  or maintaining appropriate policies and guidelines (31) changes in capital and credit markets  including interbank funding  as well as customer deposits  which provide the liquidity and capital required to fund our operations  and(32) the other risks and uncertainties detailed in the most recent annual report of ING Groep N.V. (including the Risk Factors contained therein) and ING’s more recent disclosures  including press releases  which are available on www.ING.com.This document may contain inactive textual addresses to internet websites operated by us and third parties. Reference to such websites is made for information purposes only  and information found at such websites is not incorporated by reference into this document. ING does not make any representation or warranty with respect to the accuracy or completeness of  or take any responsibility for  any information found at any websites operated by third parties. ING specifically disclaims any liability with respect to any information found at websites operated by third parties. ING cannot guarantee that websites operated by third parties remain available following the publication of this document  or that any information found at such websites will not change following the filing of this document. Many of those factors are beyond ING’s control.Any forward looking statements made by or on behalf of ING speak only as of the date they are made  and ING assumes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements  whether as a result of new information or for any other reason.This document does not constitute an oﬀer to sell  or a solicitation of an oﬀer to purchase  any securities in the United States or any other jurisdictionAttachment,positive,0.98,0.02,0.0,mixed,0.38,0.17,0.46,True,English,"['share buyback programme', 'Progress', 'individual share purchase transactions', 'New York Stock Exchange', 'S&P Global Ratings', '€1.5 billion share buyback programme', 'other prudential regulatory requirements', 'currency exchange rates', 'Frequent news updates', 'international response measures', 'interest rate levels', 'state compensation schemes', 'global economic impact', 'global financial institution', 'strong European base', 'ESG material risk', 'ESG index products', 'leading providers Euronext', 'maximum total value', 'financial economic crimes', 'major market participant', 'other forward-looking statements', 'wholesale banking services', 'daily repurchased shares', 'related response measures', 'general economic conditions', 'Group Investor Relations', 'IMPORTANT LEGAL INFORMATION', 'prudential supervision', 'financial services', 'Investor enquiries', 'leading position', 'ESG) rating', 'ESG rating', 'market disruption', 'financial markets', 'European Union', 'regulatory authorities', 'regulatory risks', 'regulatory frameworks', 'regulatory restrictions', 'regulatory consequences', 'total amount', 'total consideration', 'average price', 'detailed information', 'weekly reports', 'Press enquiries', 'INGA NA', 'INGA.AS', 'integral part', 'sector benchmarks', 'Environmental, Social', 'major sustainability', 'FTSE Russell', 'historical facts', 'future expectations', 'current views', 'unknown risks', 'actual results', 'customer behaviour', 'core markets', 'Covid-19 pandemic', 'travel restrictions', 'developing markets', 'fiscal uncertainty', 'United States', 'benchmark’ indices', 'principal markets', 'capital markets', 'counterparty creditworthiness', 'geopolitical risks', 'political instabilities', 'stress tests', 'United Kingdom', 'equivalence decisions', 'minimum capital', 'derivatives businesses', 'total number', '9,811,962 ordinary shares', 'Group shares', 'Christoph Linke', 'operating company', 'tax laws', 'US commodities', '9,811,962 shares', 'Progress', '3 November', '4 November', 'website', 'investorrelations', 'Note', 'editors', 'Newsroom', 'Photos', 'operations', 'buildings', 'executives', 'download', 'Flickr', 'presentations', 'SlideShare', 'PROFILE', 'purpose', 'people', 'life', '58,000 employees', 'retail', 'customers', '40 countries', 'exchanges', 'Amsterdam', 'Brussels', 'ADRs', 'strategy', 'Governance', 'MSCI', 'September', 'August', 'Sustainalytics', 'management', 'June', 'Morningstar', 'Story', 'limitation', 'assumptions', 'uncertainties', 'performance', 'events', 'factors', 'particular', 'regional', 'invasion', 'Russia', 'Ukraine', 'lockdowns', 'counterparties', 'default', 'discontinuation', 'inflation', 'deflation', 'borrower', 'banks', 'scope', 'compliance', 'regulations', 'interpretation', 'application', 'policies', 'connection', 'less', 'dividends', 'distributions', 'members', 'withdrawal', 'authorizations']",2022-11-08,2022-11-08,finance.yahoo.com
12871,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2022/11/08/2550390/0/en/Sequana-Medical-to-present-at-Jefferies-London-Healthcare-Conference.html,Sequana Medical to present at Jefferies London Healthcare Conference,"Ghent  Belgium – 8 November 2022 – Sequana Medical NV (Euronext Brussels: SEQUA  the ""Company"" or ""Sequana Medical"")  a pioneer in the treatment of drug-resistant fluid overload in liver disease  heart failure and cancer  today announces that Ian Crosbie  Chi…","Ghent  Belgium – 8 November 2022 – Sequana Medical NV (Euronext Brussels: SEQUA  the ""Company"" or ""Sequana Medical"")  a pioneer in the treatment of drug-resistant fluid overload in liver disease  heart failure and cancer  today announces that Ian Crosbie  Chief Executive Officer  will present at the Jefferies London Healthcare Conference  taking place from 15 to 17 November 2022.The Company will provide an update on its alfapump® program  which has recently reported positive primary endpoint data from the North American pivotal POSEIDON study in recurrent or refractory ascites due to liver cirrhosis  enabling the filing of a Pre-Market Approval (PMA) application with the FDA  planned for H2 2023. The Company will also provide an update on DSR® (Direct Sodium Removal)  its disease-modifying drug program for the treatment of heart failure  for which a US randomized controlled Phase 1b/2a clinical study is planned to begin in H1 2023.Details company presentation with live webcastThursday  17 November 2022 at 10:55 am GMT / 11:55 am CETTo register for the webcast  click hereThe presentation and a replay of the webcast will be available on Sequana Medical's Investors website shortly after the eventRegistered investors can request a one-on-one meeting with Sequana Medical management via the online meeting platform of the conference or by contacting the Company at IR@sequanamedical.com.For more information  please contact:Sequana MedicalLies VannesteDirector Investor RelationsE: IR@sequanamedical.comT: +32 (0)498 053579Optimum Strategic CommunicationsMary Clark  Nick Bastin  Vici RabbettsE: Sequana@optimumcomms.comT: +44 (0)7931 500 066About Sequana MedicalSequana Medical NV is a pioneer in treating drug-resistant fluid overload  a serious and frequent clinical complication in patients with liver disease  heart failure and cancer. Fluid overload is a well-recognized problem in these growing diseases  causing severe problems for the large number of patients for whom current medicines are no longer effective. These patients can have up to 15 liters of extra fluid in their bodies  causing major medical issues including increased mortality  repeated hospitalizations  severe pain  difficult breathing and restricted mobility that severely impacts daily life.alfapump® and DSR® are Sequana Medical’s proprietary platforms that work with the body to remove this excess fluid  delivering major clinical and quality of life benefits for patients and reducing costs for healthcare systems. Sequana Medical is listed on Euronext Brussels (Ticker: SEQUA.BR) and headquartered in Ghent  Belgium. For further information  please visit www.sequanamedical.com .Important Regulatory DisclaimersThe alfapump® system is currently not approved in the United States or Canada. In the United States and Canada  the alfapump system is currently under clinical investigation (POSEIDON Study) and is being studied in adult patients with refractory or recurrent ascites due to cirrhosis. For more information regarding the POSEIDON clinical study see www.poseidonstudy.com. DSR® therapy is still in development and it should be noted that any statements regarding safety and efficacy arise from ongoing pre-clinical and clinical investigations which have yet to be completed. DSR therapy is currently not approved for clinical research in the United States or Canada. There is no link between DSR therapy and ongoing investigations with the alfapump system in Europe  the United States or Canada.Note: alfapump® is a registered trademark. DSR® is a registered trademark in the Benelux  China  the EU  United Kingdom  and Hong Kong.Forward-looking statementsThis press release may contain predictions  estimates or other information that might be considered forward-looking statements. Such forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance. These forward-looking statements represent the current judgment of Sequana Medical on what the future holds  and are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially. Sequana Medical expressly disclaims any obligation or undertaking to release any updates or revisions to any forward-looking statements in this press release  except if specifically required to do so by law or regulation. You should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements  which reflect the opinions of Sequana Medical only as of the date of this press release.Attachments",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.16,0.17,0.66,True,English,"['Jefferies London Healthcare Conference', 'Sequana Medical', 'US randomized controlled Phase 1b/2a clinical study', 'Lies Vanneste Director Investor Relations', 'North American pivotal POSEIDON study', 'positive primary endpoint data', 'Pre-Market Approval (PMA) application', 'Jefferies London Healthcare Conference', 'POSEIDON clinical study', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'Direct Sodium Removal', 'Optimum Strategic Communications', 'frequent clinical complication', 'up to 15 liters', 'Important Regulatory Disclaimers', 'disease-modifying drug program', 'online meeting platform', 'drug-resistant fluid overload', 'major medical issues', 'Sequana Medical NV', 'Sequana Medical management', 'Such forward-looking statements', 'The alfapump® system', 'major clinical', 'healthcare systems', 'clinical investigation', 'clinical research', 'one meeting', 'extra fluid', 'excess fluid', 'alfapump® program', 'alfapump system', 'Euronext Brussels', 'liver disease', 'heart failure', 'Ian Crosbie', 'Investors website', 'Registered investors', 'Mary Clark', 'Nick Bastin', 'Vici Rabbetts', 'growing diseases', 'severe problems', 'large number', 'current medicines', 'repeated hospitalizations', 'severe pain', 'difficult breathing', 'restricted mobility', 'daily life', 'proprietary platforms', 'life benefits', 'United States', 'ongoing pre-clinical', 'ongoing investigations', 'United Kingdom', 'Hong Kong', 'press release', 'current judgment', 'actual results', 'undue reliance', 'The Company', 'refractory ascites', 'liver cirrhosis', 'SEQUA.BR', 'recurrent ascites', 'DSR® therapy', 'DSR therapy', 'registered trademark', 'future performance', 'live webcast', 'other information', 'adult patients', 'company presentation', 'Ghent', 'Belgium', '8 November', 'pioneer', 'treatment', 'cancer', 'place', '17 November', 'update', 'filing', 'FDA', 'H2', 'H1', 'Details', 'Thursday', 'GMT', 'CET', 'replay', 'event', 'sequanamedical', 'serious', 'bodies', 'increased', 'mortality', 'body', 'quality', 'costs', 'Ticker', 'Canada', 'development', 'safety', 'efficacy', 'link', 'Europe', 'Note', 'Benelux', 'China', 'predictions', 'estimates', 'guarantees', 'risks', 'uncertainties', 'obligation', 'undertaking', 'revisions', 'law', 'regulation', 'opinions', 'Attachments', '10:55', '11:55']",2022-11-08,2022-11-08,globenewswire.com
12872,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2022/11/08/2551240/0/en/GTT-receives-an-order-from-Hyundai-Heavy-Industries-for-the-tanks-design-of-a-Floating-Storage-Regasification-Unit-FSRU.html,GTT receives an order from Hyundai Heavy Industries for the tanks design of a Floating Storage Regasification Unit (FSRU),GTT receives an order from Hyundai Heavy Industries for the tanks design of a Floating Storage Regasification Unit (FSRU)    Paris – November 8th ...,English FrenchGTT receives an order from Hyundai Heavy Industries for the tanks design of a Floating Storage Regasification Unit (FSRU)Paris – November 8th  2022. GTT announces that it has received an order from its partner the Korean shipyard Hyundai Heavy Industries for the design of a new Floating Storage and Regasification Unit (FSRU1) on behalf of the U.S.-based LNG company  Excelerate Energy  Inc.GTT will design the tanks of this FSRU  with a capacity of 170 000 m3. The tanks will be fitted with the Mark III Flex membrane containment system developed by GTT.The delivery of this FSRU is scheduled for the second quarter of 2026.About GTTGTT is a technological expert in containment systems with cryogenic membranes used to transport and store liquefied gases. For over 50 years  GTT has been designing and providing cutting-edge technologies for a better energy performance  which combine operational efficiency and safety  to equip LNG carriers  floating terminals  land storage  and multi-gas carriers. GTT also develops systems dedicated to the use of LNG as fuel  as well as a full range of services  including digital services in the field of Smart Shipping. The Group is also active in hydrogen through its subsidiary Elogen  which designs and assembles electrolysers notably for the production of green hydrogen.GTT is listed on Euronext Paris  Compartment A (ISIN FR0011726835 Euronext Paris: GTT) and is notably included in SBF 120  Stoxx Europe 600 and MSCI Small Cap indices.For more information  visit www.gtt.fr.Media contact:press@gtt.fr / +33 (0)1 30 23 48 45Investor Relations contact:information-financiere@gtt.fr / + 33 (0)1 30 23 20 871 FSRUs are stationary vessels able to receive  store and regasify LNG from LNG carriers.Attachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['Floating Storage Regasification Unit', 'Hyundai Heavy Industries', 'tanks design', 'GTT', 'order', 'FSRU', 'Mark III Flex membrane containment system', 'U.S.-based LNG company', 'Korean shipyard Hyundai Heavy Industries', 'MSCI Small Cap indices', 'Floating Storage Regasification Unit', 'new Floating Storage', 'Investor Relations contact', 'containment systems', 'floating terminals', 'land storage', 'Media contact', 'LNG carriers', 'English French', 'Excelerate Energy', 'second quarter', 'technological expert', 'cryogenic membranes', 'cutting-edge technologies', 'energy performance', 'operational efficiency', 'multi-gas carriers', 'full range', 'Smart Shipping', 'The Group', 'Compartment A', 'Stoxx Europe', 'stationary vessels', 'Euronext Paris', 'digital services', 'green hydrogen', 'tanks design', 'GTT', 'order', 'FSRU', 'November', 'partner', 'behalf', 'capacity', '170,000 m', 'delivery', 'liquefied', 'gases', '50 years', 'safety', 'use', 'fuel', 'field', 'subsidiary', 'Elogen', 'electrolysers', 'production', 'SBF', 'information', 'financiere', 'Attachment']",2022-11-08,2022-11-08,globenewswire.com
12873,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2022/11/08/2551494/0/en/Monthly-information-on-share-capital-and-company-voting-rights.html,Monthly information on share capital and company voting rights,(Article 223-16 of General Regulation of the French financial markets authority) (Article 223-16 of General Regulation of the French financial markets authority),NEW YORK  Nov. 08  2022 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) --Listing market: Euronext GrowthISIN code: FR0010425595Date Total number of sharesin the capital Total number of voting rights 10/31/2022 45 567 810 51 634 701About CellectisCellectis is a clinical-stage biotechnology company using its pioneering gene-editing platform to develop life-saving cell and gene therapies. Cellectis utilizes an allogeneic approach for CAR-T immunotherapies in oncology  pioneering the concept of off-the-shelf and ready-to-use gene-edited CAR T-cells to treat cancer patients  and a platform to make therapeutic gene editing in hemopoietic stem cells for various diseases. As a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company with over 22 years of expertise in gene editing  Cellectis is developing life-changing product candidates utilizing TALEN®  its gene editing technology  and PulseAgile  its pioneering electroporation system to harness the power of the immune system in order to treat diseases with unmet medical needs. As part of its commitment to a cure  Cellectis remains dedicated to its goal of providing lifesaving UCART product candidates for multiple cancers including acute myeloid leukemia (AML)  B-cell acute lymphoblastic leukemia (B-ALL) and multiple myeloma (MM). .HEAL is a new platform focusing on hemopoietic stem cells to treat blood disorders  immunodeficiencies and lysosomal storage diseases.Cellectis’ headquarters are in Paris  France  with locations in New York  New York and Raleigh  North Carolina.Cellectis is listed on the Nasdaq Global Market (ticker: CLLS) and on Euronext Growth (ticker: ALCLS).For more information  visit www.cellectis.comFollow Cellectis on social media: @cellectis  LinkedIn and YouTube.For further information  please contact:Media contacts:Pascalyne Wilson  Director  Communications  +33776991433  media@cellectis.comMargaret Gandolfo  Senior Manager  Communications  +1 (646) 628 0300Investor Relation contact:Arthur Stril  Chief Business Officer  +1 (347) 809 5980  investors@cellectis.comAshley R. Robinson  LifeSci Advisors  +1 (617) 430 7577Attachment,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,True,English,"['company voting rights', 'share capital', 'information', 'lifesaving UCART product candidates', 'B-cell acute lymphoblastic leukemia', 'life-changing product candidates', 'acute myeloid leukemia', 'clinical-stage biotechnology company', 'hemopoietic stem cells', 'clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company', 'unmet medical needs', 'Investor Relation contact', 'Chief Business Officer', 'Ashley R. Robinson', 'pioneering electroporation system', 'Nasdaq Global Market', 'pioneering gene-editing platform', 'lysosomal storage diseases', 'gene editing technology', 'Listing market', 'immune system', 'gene therapies', 'therapeutic gene', 'NEW YORK', 'GLOBE NEWSWIRE', 'Euronext Growth', 'ISIN code', 'Total number', 'voting rights', 'life-saving cell', 'allogeneic approach', 'CAR-T immunotherapies', 'CAR T-cells', 'cancer patients', 'various diseases', 'multiple cancers', 'multiple myeloma', 'new platform', 'blood disorders', 'North Carolina', 'social media', 'Media contacts', 'Pascalyne Wilson', 'Margaret Gandolfo', 'Senior Manager', 'Arthur Stril', 'LifeSci Advisors', 'Cellectis’ headquarters', 'shares', 'capital', 'oncology', 'concept', 'shelf', 'gene-edited', '22 years', 'expertise', 'PulseAgile', 'power', 'part', 'commitment', 'cure', 'goal', 'AML', 'HEAL', 'immunodeficiencies', 'Paris', 'France', 'locations', 'Raleigh', 'CLLS', 'ALCLS', 'information', 'LinkedIn', 'YouTube', 'Director', 'Communications', 'Attachment', '®']",2022-11-08,2022-11-08,globenewswire.com
12874,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2022/11/08/2550392/0/en/DNO-Shares-Traded-Ex-Dividend.html,DNO Shares Traded Ex-Dividend,Oslo  8 November 2022 – DNO ASA  the Norwegian oil and gas operator  today announced that the Company’s shares will be traded ex-dividend effective 8 November 2022.,Oslo  8 November 2022 – DNO ASA  the Norwegian oil and gas operator  today announced that the Company’s shares will be traded ex-dividend effective 8 November 2022.A dividend payment of NOK 0.25 per share will be made on or about 16 November 2022 to all shareholders of record as of 9 November 2022.–For further information  please contact:Media: media@dno.noInvestors: investor.relations@dno.no–DNO ASA is a Norwegian oil and gas operator active in the Middle East  the North Sea and West Africa. Founded in 1971 and listed on the Oslo Stock Exchange  the Company holds stakes in onshore and offshore licenses at various stages of exploration  development and production in the Kurdistan region of Iraq  Norway  the United Kingdom  Côte d’Ivoire  Netherlands and Yemen.This information is subject to the disclosure requirements pursuant to section 5-12 of the Norwegian Securities Trading Act and section 4.2.5.3 of Euronext Oslo Rulebook II.,neutral,0.01,0.95,0.05,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,True,English,"['DNO Shares', 'Dividend', 'Côte d’Ivoire', 'Norwegian Securities Trading Act', 'Oslo Stock Exchange', 'Euronext Oslo Rulebook', 'Norwegian oil', 'DNO ASA', 'gas operator', 'Middle East', 'North Sea', 'West Africa', 'offshore licenses', 'various stages', 'Kurdistan region', 'United Kingdom', 'disclosure requirements', 'Company', 'shares', 'payment', 'NOK', '16 November', 'shareholders', 'record', '9 November', 'information', 'Media', 'Investors', 'stakes', 'onshore', 'exploration', 'development', 'production', 'Iraq', 'Norway', 'Netherlands', 'Yemen', 'section']",2022-11-08,2022-11-08,globenewswire.com
12875,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2022/11/08/2551308/0/en/Faurecia-successfully-prices-700-million-of-sustainability-linked-senior-notes-due-2026-the-SL-NOTES.html,Faurecia successfully prices €700 million of sustainability-linked senior notes due 2026 (the “SL NOTES”),Not for distribution  directly or indirectly  in the United States  Canada  Australia or Japan                                                        ......,"French EnglishNot for distribution  directly or indirectly in the United States  Canada  Australia or JapanNanterre (France)  November 8th  2022Faurecia successfully prices €700 million of sustainability-linked senior notes due 2026 (the “SL NOTES”)Faurecia has successfully priced €700 million in aggregate principal amount of SL Notes at 7.25%. The SL Notes are to be issued under Faurecia's Sustainability-Linked Financing Framework established in October 2021.We executed an interest pre-hedging arrangement in September 2021 via a swap option for the SL Notes issuance. The economic cost of the SL Notes issuance for the Group  after considering this pre-hedging arrangement  comes to 5.35% (on a non-IFRS basis).Faurecia will use the net proceeds of the offering of the SL Notes to refinance in part the bridge facilities put in place for the acquisition of Hella. Following the SL Notes issuance  the aggregate amount outstanding under the bridge to bond and bridge to equity will be reduced to approximately €500 million  and is expected to be further reduced to approximately €200 million after the closing of our previously announced disposal of HBPO.The pricing of this SL Notes issue is fully in line with Faurecia’s commitment to a sustainable future  and in particular with the Group’s ambition to be CO2 neutral on its scopes 1 and 2 by 2025. The Sustainability Performance Target in the SL Notes is in line with our objective validated by SBTi to be CO2 neutral on our Scopes 1 and 2 by 2025 from a 2019 base yearThe Sustainability-Linked Financing Framework has been reviewed by ISS ESG  the Second Party Opinion provider  which assessed the contribution of Faurecia’s SL Notes to the Sustainable Development Goals defined by the United Nations (UN SDGs) as having a “Significant Contribution” to “Affordable and Clean Energy” and “Climate action” goals.An application has been made to list the SL Notes on the official list of Euronext Dublin (Global Exchange Market) and we expect that the SL Notes will be added to the Euronext ESG Bonds platform. The settlement of the SL Notes is expected to occur on 15 November 2022.IMPORTANT NOTICEThis document is not an offer of securities for sale in the United States. The notes being offered by Faurecia (the ""Notes"") may not be sold in the United States unless they are registered under the Securities Act or are exempt from registration. The offering of Notes described in this announcement has not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act  and accordingly any offer or sale of Notes may be made only in a transaction exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act.It may be unlawful to distribute this document in certain jurisdictions. This document is not for distribution in Canada  Japan or Australia. The information in this document does not constitute an offer of securities for sale in Canada  Japan or Australia.Promotion of the Notes in the United Kingdom is restricted by the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (the “FSMA”)  and accordingly  the Notes are not being promoted to the general public in the United Kingdom. This announcement is for distribution only to  and is only directed at  persons who (i) have professional experience in matters relating to investments falling within Article 19(5) of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Financial Promotion) Order 2005  as amended (the ""Financial Promotion Order"")  (ii) are persons falling within Article 49(2)(a) to (d) (high net worth companies  unincorporated associations  etc.) of the Financial Promotion Order  or (iii) are persons to whom an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity within the meaning of section 21 of the FSMA in connection with the issue or sale of any securities may otherwise lawfully be communicated or caused to be communicated (all such persons together being referred to as “relevant persons”). This announcement is directed only at relevant persons and must not be acted on or relied on by anyone who is not a relevant person.The offer and sale of the Notes will be made pursuant to an exemption under the Prospectus Regulation from the requirement to produce a prospectus for offers of securities. This announcement does not constitute a prospectus within the meaning of the Regulation EU 2017/1129 (the ""Prospectus Regulation"") or an offer to the public.MiFID II professionals/ECPs-only/No PRIIPs KID – Manufacturer target market (MIFID II product governance) is eligible counterparties and professional clients only (all distribution channels). No PRIIPs key information document (KID) has been prepared as the Notes are not available to retail investors in EEA.MiFIR professionals/ECPs-only/No UK PRIIPs KID – Manufacturer target market (UK MIFIR product governance) is eligible counterparties and professional clients only (all distribution channels). No UK PRIIPs key information document (KID) has been prepared as the Notes are not available to retail investors in the UK.Neither the content of Faurecia’s website nor any website accessible by hyperlinks on Faurecia’s website is incorporated in  or forms part of  this announcement. The distribution of this announcement into any jurisdiction may be restricted by law. Persons into whose possession this announcement comes should inform themselves about and observe any such restrictions. Any failure to comply with these restrictions may constitute a violation of the securities laws of any such jurisdiction.No money  securities or other consideration is being solicited  and  if sent in response to the information contained herein  no money  securities or other consideration will be accepted.No money  securities or other consideration is being solicited  and  if sent in response to the information contained herein  no money  securities or other consideration will be accepted.ContactsPressChristophe MALBRANQUEMedia Relations DirectorTel: +33 (0) 6 21 69 23 53christophe.malbranque@forvia.comYoussara ID CHRIFEMedia relations specialistTel: +33 (0)6 15 58 40 62youssara.idchrife@forvia.comAnalysts/InvestorsMarc MAILLETHead of Investor RelationsTel: +33 (0)1 72 36 75 70marc.maillet@forvia.comAbout FORVIA FaureciaFaurecia  company of the Group FORVIA  is a global automotive technology leader. With 250 industrial sites  39 R&D centers and 111 000 employees in 33 countries  Faurecia operates through four areas of business: Seating  Interiors  Clarion Electronics and Clean Mobility.In 2021  the Group reported total turnover of €15.6 billion. Faurecia is listed on the Euronext Paris market and is a component of the CAC Next 20 index and Euronext CAC 40 ESG® indexes. www.faurecia.comAbout FORVIAFORVIA comprises the complementary technology and industrial strengths of Faurecia and HELLA. With over 300 industrial sites and 77 R&D centers  150 000 people  including more than 35 000 engineers across 40+ countries  FORVIA provides a unique and comprehensive approach to the automotive challenges of today and tomorrow. Composed of 6 business groups with 24 product lines  and a strong IP portfolio of over 14 000 patents  FORVIA is focused on becoming the preferred innovation and integration partner for OEMS worldwide. FORVIA aims to be a change maker committed to foreseeing and making the mobility transformation happen. www.forvia.comAttachment",neutral,0.1,0.89,0.0,negative,0.0,0.13,0.87,True,English,"['sustainability-linked senior notes', 'SL NOTES', 'Faurecia', 'Second Party Opinion provider', 'high net worth companies', 'MIFID II product governance', 'The Sustainability Performance Target', 'UK MIFIR product governance', 'Euronext ESG Bonds platform', 'PRIIPs key information document', 'MiFID II professionals', 'Manufacturer target market', 'Sustainability-Linked Financing Framework', 'Climate action” goals', 'Global Exchange Market', 'interest pre-hedging arrangement', 'Sustainable Development Goals', 'No UK PRIIPs', 'aggregate principal amount', 'UK PRIIPs KID', 'sustainability-linked senior notes', 'No PRIIPs KID', 'SL Notes issuance', 'Financial Promotion Order', 'The SL Notes', 'SL Notes issue', 'MiFIR professionals', 'net proceeds', 'aggregate amount', 'Euronext Dublin', 'sustainable future', 'Financial Services', 'French English', 'United States', 'swap option', 'economic cost', 'IFRS basis', '2019 base year', 'United Nations', 'UN SDGs', 'Clean Energy', 'official list', 'IMPORTANT NOTICE', 'United Kingdom', 'Markets Act', 'professional experience', 'unincorporated associations', 'investment activity', 'relevant person', 'Regulation EU', 'eligible counterparties', 'professional clients', 'retail investors', 'Significant Contribution', 'registration requirements', 'general public', 'Prospectus Regulation', 'Securities Act', 'distribution channels', 'bridge facilities', 'persons', 'Canada', 'Australia', 'Japan', 'Nanterre', 'France', 'Faurecia', 'October', 'September', 'Group', 'offering', 'place', 'acquisition', 'Hella', 'equity', 'closing', 'disposal', 'HBPO', 'pricing', 'line', 'commitment', 'ambition', 'CO2', 'scopes', 'objective', 'SBTi', 'Affordable', 'application', 'settlement', '15 November', 'sale', 'announcement', 'transaction', 'jurisdictions', 'FSMA', 'matters', 'investments', 'Article', 'invitation', 'inducement', 'meaning', 'section', 'connection', 'exemption', 'offers', 'EEA', 'content', 'website', 'hype']",2022-11-08,2022-11-08,globenewswire.com
12876,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2022/11/08/2550439/0/en/Signify-proposes-to-appoint-Sophie-Bechu-as-Supervisory-Board-member.html,Signify proposes to appoint Sophie Bechu as Supervisory Board member,Press Release        November 8  2022      Signify proposes to appoint Sophie Bechu as Supervisory Board member      Eindhoven  the Netherlands –...,Press ReleaseNovember 8  2022Signify proposes to appoint Sophie Bechu as Supervisory Board memberEindhoven  the Netherlands – Signify (Euronext: LIGHT)  the world leader in lighting  today announces that its Supervisory Board will propose the appointment of Mrs. Sophie Bechu as a member of the Supervisory Board at the Annual General Meeting of Shareholders (AGM) to be held in May 2023. Mrs. Bechu will attend Supervisory Board meetings as observer until the AGM vote.Sophie Bechu (French/American  61) has been a member of the Board of Directors of Quotient Limited since September 2022. During her long career  she has built up extensive executive experience in operations  services and technology. From 2016 to October 2022  she served as Chief Operations Officer on the Executive Committee of Royal Philips  where she established Philips’ integrated supply chain organization  and optimized the supplier base and manufacturing footprint with cost  efficiency and sustainability in mind. Prior to this  Mrs. Bechu worked for over 30 years with IBM Corporation  where she held various executive positions  most recently Vice President  Strategic Outsourcing  North America Delivery. In these roles  she drove operational excellence in operations  business transformation  service/solutions delivery and IT services delivery.Mrs. Bechu holds an Automation  Electrical Engineering decree from the École supérieure d’électricité in Paris. Mrs. Bechu has lived and worked in France  Hong Kong  India  US and the Netherlands.“We are very pleased that Mrs. Bechu is available to join our board ” said Mr. Arthur van der Poel  Chair of the Supervisory Board of Signify. “She has a wealth of experience in operations and a strong connection to the US market  which since our acquisition of Cooper Lighting Solutions in 2020 has become increasingly important for Signify.”Additional information on the composition of the Supervisory Board can be found here.--- END ---For further information  please contact:Signify Investor RelationsThelke GerdesTel: +31 6 1801 7131E-mail: thelke.gerdes@signify.comSignify Corporate CommunicationsAbigail LeveneTel: +31 6 2939 3895E-mail: abigail.levene@signify.comAbout SignifySignify (Euronext: LIGHT) is the world leader in lighting for professionals and consumers and lighting for the Internet of Things. Our Philips products  Interact connected lighting systems and data-enabled services deliver business value and transform life in homes  buildings and public spaces. In 2021  we had sales of EUR 6.9 billion  approximately 37 000 employees and a presence in over 70 countries. We unlock the extraordinary potential of light for brighter lives and a better world. We achieved carbon neutrality in 2020  have been in the Dow Jones Sustainability World Index since our IPO for five consecutive years and were named Industry Leader in 2017   2018 and 2019 . News from Signify is located at the Newsroom   Twitter   LinkedIn and Instagram . Information for investors can be found on the Investor Relations page.Market Abuse RegulationThis press release contains information within the meaning of Article 7(1) of the EU Market Abuse Regulation.Attachment,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.45,0.22,0.33,True,English,"['Supervisory Board member', 'Sophie Bechu', 'Signify', 'Mr. Arthur van der Poel', 'Dow Jones Sustainability World Index', 'integrated supply chain organization', 'Interact connected lighting systems', 'EU Market Abuse Regulation', 'Annual General Meeting', 'Electrical Engineering decree', 'various executive positions', 'North America Delivery', 'Cooper Lighting Solutions', 'five consecutive years', 'Investor Relations page', 'extensive executive experience', 'IT services delivery', 'Chief Operations Officer', 'Supervisory Board meetings', 'Mrs. Sophie Bechu', 'Supervisory Board member', 'Executive Committee', 'service/solutions delivery', 'world leader', 'US market', 'Mrs. Bechu', 'Press Release', 'Quotient Limited', 'long career', 'supplier base', 'manufacturing footprint', 'IBM Corporation', 'Vice President', 'Strategic Outsourcing', 'operational excellence', 'business transformation', 'supérieure', 'Hong Kong', 'strong connection', 'Corporate Communications', 'data-enabled services', 'business value', 'public spaces', 'extraordinary potential', 'brighter lives', 'carbon neutrality', 'Industry Leader', 'Royal Philips', 'Philips products', 'AGM vote', 'Thelke Gerdes', 'Additional information', 'Abigail Levene', '30 years', 'November', 'Signify', 'Eindhoven', 'Netherlands', 'Euronext', 'appointment', 'Shareholders', 'May', 'observer', 'French/American', 'Directors', 'September', 'technology', 'October', 'cost', 'efficiency', 'mind', 'roles', 'électricité', 'Paris', 'France', 'India', 'Chair', 'wealth', 'acquisition', 'composition', 'Tel', 'mail', 'professionals', 'consumers', 'Internet', 'Things', 'life', 'homes', 'buildings', 'sales', '37,000 employees', 'presence', '70 countries', 'IPO', 'News', 'Twitter', 'LinkedIn', 'Instagram', 'investors', 'meaning', 'Attachment', '31']",2022-11-08,2022-11-08,globenewswire.com
12877,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/nyxoah-reports-third-quarter-2022-210500032.html,Nyxoah Reports Third Quarter 2022 Financial and Operating Results,REGULATED INFORMATION Nyxoah Reports Third Quarter 2022 Financial and Operating Results DREAM US pivotal 12-month clinical data expected in fall of 2023 Mont...,NyxoahREGULATED INFORMATIONNyxoah Reports Third Quarter 2022 Financial and Operating ResultsDREAM US pivotal 12-month clinical data expected in fall of 2023Mont-Saint-Guibert  Belgium – November 8  2022  10:05pm CET / 4:05pm ET – Nyxoah SA (Euronext Brussels/Nasdaq: NYXH) (“Nyxoah” or the “Company”)  a medical technology company focused on the development and commercialization of innovative solutions to treat Obstructive Sleep Apnea (OSA)  today reported financial and operating results for the quarter ended September 30  2022.Third Quarter 2022 Financial and Operating HighlightsCompleted 110 of 115 implants in the DREAM U.S. pivotal trial to date  with 12-month clinical data expected in the fall of 2023 and regulatory approval in the second quarter of 2024Activated the first clinical sites in the ACCCESS U.S. pivotal trial to treat complete concentric collapse (CCC) patients in the U.S.  with first implants expected in the fourth quarter of 2022Reported revenue of €182 000 from the commercialization of Genio®; sales during the third quarter were impacted by a temporary inventory shortage in Germany due to a disruption at a component supplier  resulting in unfulfilled third quarter orders of approximately €700 000 in Germany; this supply disruption has subsequently been remedied and the vast majority of the open orders have since been filledEnded the third quarter with 32 active sites in Germany  up from 26 sites at the end of the second quarter 2022; expects to have up to 40 active sites by the end of 2022Launched the “Care4” program  using the AcuPebble home sleep test at selected centers of excellence in Germany to accelerate the time from CPAP failure to our Genio solutionReceived CE Mark for the next-generation Genio system  Genio 2.1“With 110 implants in the DREAM trial  we believe we are within weeks of completion of the implants  keeping us on track for 12-month data next fall ” commented Olivier Taelman  Nyxoah’s Chief Executive Officer. “Additionally  ACCCESS  our second US pivotal trial is launched  and first patients are expected to be implanted before year end. This trial is focused on addressing the unmet need of approximately 30% of OSA patients contra-indicated in the U.S. to hypoglossal nerve stimulation due to their complete concentric collapse.”Story continuesMr. Taelman continued  “Commercially in Germany  where we have both CCC and non-CCC indications already  we continue to build on our momentum  as patients and clinicians increasingly recognize the unique benefits of the Genio solution. While third quarter sales reflected a temporary supply disruption  the fourth quarter is off to a strong start  as we are filling both open orders from the third quarter and new ones. This gives us confidence that we can be the German market leader exiting 2022.”Third Quarter 2022 ResultsUNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED INTERIM FINANCIAL INFORMATION – INTERIM CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF LOSS AND OTHER COMPREHENSIVE LOSS FOR THE THREE MONTHS AND NINE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30  2022 (in thousands)For the three months ended September 30 For the nine months ended September 30 2022 2021 2022 2021 Revenue € 182 € 203 € 1 777 € 557 Cost of goods sold ( 63) ( 82) ( 685) ( 198) Gross profit € 119 € 121 € 1 092 € 359 Research and Development Expense (4 221) (3 517) (11 286) (9 009) Selling  General and Administrative Expense (4 763) (4 496) (13 492) (10 775) Other income/(expense) 87 ( 178) 237 ( 274) Operating loss for the period € (8 778) € (8 070) € (23 449) € (19 699) Financial income 5 127 29 11 372 72 Financial expense (2 524) ( 585) (5 473) (1 484) Loss for the period before taxes € (6 175) € (8 626) € (17 550) € (21 111) Income taxes ( 65) ( 136) ( 379) ( 260) Loss for the period € (6 240) € (8 762) € (17 929) € (21 371) Loss attributable to equity holders € (6 240) € (8 762) € (17 929) € (21 371) Other comprehensive loss Items that may be subsequently reclassified to profit or loss (net of tax) Currency translation differences 100 ( 54) ( 14) 138 Total comprehensive loss for the year  net of tax € (6 140) € (8 816) € (17 943) € (21 233) Loss attributable to equity holders € (6 140) € (8 816) € (17 943) € (21 233) Basic Loss Per Share (in EUR) € (0.242) € (0.348) € (0.695) € (0.923) Diluted Loss Per Share (in EUR) € (0.242) € (0.348) € (0.695) € (0.923)UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED INTERIM FINANCIAL INFORMATION – INTERIM CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION AS AT SEPTEMBER 30  2022 (in thousands)As at September 30  2022 December 31  2021 ASSETS Non-current assets Property  plant and equipment € 2 216 € 2 020 Intangible assets 36 488 25 322 Right of use assets 3 413 3 218 Deferred tax asset 2 423 46 Other long-term receivables 188 164 € 44 728 € 30 770 Current assets Inventory 594 346 Trade receivables 757 226 Other receivables 2 022 2 286 Other current assets 587 1 693 Financial assets 25 505 − Cash and cash equivalents 89 877 135 509 € 119 342 € 140 060 Total assets € 164 070 € 170 830EQUITY AND LIABILITIES Capital and reserves Capital 4 440 4 427 Share premium 228 275 228 033 Share based payment reserve 5 225 3 127 Other comprehensive income 188 202 Retained loss (105 058) (87 167) Total equity attributable to shareholders € 133 070 € 148 622 LIABILITIES Non-current liabilities Financial debt 8 035 7 802 Lease liability 2 831 2 737 Pension liability 80 80 Provisions 47 12 Deferred tax liability − 5 € 10 993 € 10 636 Current liabilities Financial debt 656 554 Lease liability 722 582 Trade payables 5 346 3 995 Current tax liability 5 391 2 808 Other payables 7 892 3 633 € 20 007 € 11 572 Total liabilities € 31 000 € 22 208 Total equity and liabilities € 164 070 € 170 830UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED INTERIM FINANCIAL INFORMATION - INTERIM CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS AS AT SEPTEMBER 30  2022 (in thousands)For the nine months ended September 30 2022 2021 CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES Loss before tax for the year € (17 550) € (21 111) Adjustments for Finance income (11 372) ( 72) Finance expenses 5 473 1 484 Depreciation and impairment of property  plant and equipment and right-of-use assets 832 558 Amortization of intangible assets 607 653 Share-based payment transaction expense 2 136 784 Increase/(Decrease) in provisions 36 4 Other non-cash items ( 353) 247 Cash generated before changes in working capital € (20 191) € (17 453) Changes in working capital Decrease/(Increase) in inventory ( 248) ( 33) (Increase)/Decrease in trade and other receivables 1 100 (2 876) Increase/(Decrease) in trade and other payables 1 265 2 563 Cash generated from changes in operations € (18 074) € (17 799) Income tax paid ( 314) ( 205) Net cash used in operating activities € (18 388) € (18 004)CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES Purchases of property  plant and equipment ( 484) (1 257) Capitalization of intangible assets (11 774) (7 219) Purchase of financial assets - current (44 032) − Proceeds from sale of financial assets - current 24 582 − Interest income on financial assets 63 − Net cash used in investing activities € (31 645) € (8 476) CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES Payment of principal portion of lease liabilities ( 497) ( 358) Repayment of other loan ( 62) ( 63) Interests paid ( 185) ( 324) Repayment of recoverable cash advance ( 220) ( 280) Proceeds from issuance of shares  net of transaction costs 255 76 070 Other financial costs ( 55) ( 7) Net cash used in financing activities € ( 764) € 75 038 Movement in cash and cash equivalents € (50 797) € 48 558 Effect of exchange rates on cash and cash equivalents 5 165 56 Cash and cash equivalents at January 1 € 135 509 € 92 300 Cash and cash equivalents at September 30 € 89 877 € 140 914RevenueRevenue was €182 000 for the third quarter of 2022  compared to €203 000 for the prior year period. The decrease in revenue was attributable to the temporary supply disruption that caused a delay in order fulfillment.Cost of Goods SoldCost of goods sold was €63 000 for the three months ending September 30  2022  representing a gross profit of €119 000  or gross margin of 65.3%. This compares to total costs of goods sold of €82 000 in the third quarter of 2021  for a gross profit of €121 000  or gross margin of 59.6%.Research and Development ExpensesResearch and development expenses were €4.2 million for the three months ending September 30  2022  versus €3.5 million for the prior year period  reflecting the Company’s investments in the development of next generation versions of the Genio system as well as ongoing clinical studies  most notably DREAM in the U.S.Selling  General and Administrative ExpensesGeneral and administrative expenses rose to €4.8 million for the third quarter of 2022  up from €4.5 million in the third quarter of 2021. This was due primarily to increased commercial efforts in Germany and other European markets  as well as investments in Nyxoah’s corporate infrastructure. The Company expects to continue adding headcount across the organization ahead of U.S. commercial launch.Operating LossTotal operating loss for the third quarter of 2022 was €8.8 million versus €8.1 million in the third quarter of 2021. This was driven by the delay of third quarter revenue due to the temporary supply disruption  the acceleration in the Company’s R&D spending  and ongoing commercial and clinical activities. Nyxoah realized a net loss of €6.2 million for the third quarter of 2022  compared to a net loss of €8.8 million for the third quarter.Cash PositionAs of September 30  2022  cash and financial assets totaled €115.4 million  compared to €135.5 million on December 31  2021. Total cash burn was approximately €3.0 million per month during the third quarter of 2022  and is expected to increase going forward to account for the ACCCESS IDE trial in the U.S.Third Quarter 2022 ReportNyxoah’s financial report for the third quarter of 2022  including details of the unaudited consolidated results  are available on the investor page of Nyxoah’s website (https://investors.nyxoah.com/financials).Conference call and webcast presentationNyxoah will conduct a conference call to open to the public today at 10:30 p.m. CET / 4:30 p.m. ET  which will also be webcast. To participate in the conference call  please access the following link to register for a dial-in number:https://register.vevent.com/register/BI0d7e0daed6e34e548b85e51146400c1aA question-and-answer session will follow the presentation of the results. To access the live webcast  go to https://investors.nyxoah.com/events. The archived webcast will be available for replay shortly after the close of the call.About NyxoahNyxoah is a medical technology company focused on the development and commercialization of innovative solutions to treat Obstructive Sleep Apnea (OSA). Nyxoah’s lead solution is the Genio® system  a patient-centered  leadless and battery-free hypoglossal neurostimulation therapy for OSA  the world’s most common sleep disordered breathing condition that is associated with increased mortality risk and cardiovascular comorbidities. Nyxoah is driven by the vision that OSA patients should enjoy restful nights and feel enabled to live their life to its fullest.Following the successful completion of the BLAST OSA study  the Genio® system received its European CE Mark in 2019. Nyxoah completed two successful IPOs: on Euronext Brussels in September 2020 and NASDAQ in July 2021. Following the positive outcomes of the BETTER SLEEP study  Nyxoah received CE mark approval for the expansion of its therapeutic indications to Complete Concentric Collapse (CCC) patients  currently contraindicated in competitors’ therapy. Additionally  the Company is currently conducting the DREAM IDE pivotal study for FDA and US commercialization approval.For more information  please visit http://www.nyxoah.com/.Caution – CE marked since 2019. Investigational device in the United States. Limited by U.S. federal law to investigational use in the United States.Forward-looking statementsCertain statements  beliefs and opinions in this press release are forward-looking  which reflect the Company's or  as appropriate  the Company directors' or managements' current expectations regarding the Genio® system; future financial performance and market position; planned and ongoing clinical studies of the Genio® system; the potential advantages of the Genio® system; Nyxoah’s goals with respect to the development  regulatory pathway and potential use of the Genio® system; the utility of clinical data in potentially obtaining FDA approval of the Genio® system; and the Company's results of operations  financial condition  liquidity  performance  prospects  growth and strategies. By their nature  forward-looking statements involve a number of risks  uncertainties  assumptions and other factors that could cause actual results or events to differ materially from those expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. These risks  uncertainties  assumptions and factors could adversely affect the outcome and financial effects of the plans and events described herein. Additionally  these risks and uncertainties include  but are not limited to  the risks and uncertainties set forth in the “Risk Factors” section of the Company’s Annual Report on Form 20-F for the year ended December 31  2021  filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”) on March 24  2022  and subsequent reports that the Company files with the SEC. A multitude of factors including  but not limited to  changes in demand  competition and technology  can cause actual events  performance or results to differ significantly from any anticipated development. Forward looking statements contained in this press release regarding past trends or activities are not guarantees of future performance and should not be taken as a representation that such trends or activities will continue in the future. In addition  even if actual results or developments are consistent with the forward-looking statements contained in this press release  those results or developments may not be indicative of results or developments in future periods. No representations and warranties are made as to the accuracy or fairness of such forward-looking statements. As a result  the Company expressly disclaims any obligation or undertaking to release any updates or revisions to any forward-looking statements in this press release as a result of any change in expectations or any change in events  conditions  assumptions or circumstances on which these forward-looking statements are based  except if specifically required to do so by law or regulation. Neither the Company nor its advisers or representatives nor any of its subsidiary undertakings or any such person's officers or employees guarantees that the assumptions underlying such forward-looking statements are free from errors nor does either accept any responsibility for the future accuracy of the forward-looking statements contained in this press release or the actual occurrence of the forecasted developments. You should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements  which speak only as of the date of this press release.Contacts:NyxoahLoic Moreau  Chief Financial Officercorporate@nyxoah.com+32 473 33 19 80Jeremy Feffer  VP IR and Corporate Communicationsjeremy.feffer@nyxoah.com+1 917 749 1494Attachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.22,0.12,0.65,True,English,"['Third Quarter 2022', 'Operating Results', 'Nyxoah', 'Financial', 'UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED INTERIM FINANCIAL INFORMATION', 'DREAM U.S. pivotal trial', 'ACCCESS U.S. pivotal trial', 'AcuPebble home sleep test', 'pivotal 12-month clinical data', 'second US pivotal trial', 'up to 40 active sites', 'ASSETS Non-current assets Property', 'INTERIM CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS', 'Other comprehensive loss Items', 'unfulfilled third quarter orders', 'Obstructive Sleep Apnea', 'temporary inventory shortage', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'German market leader', 'Currency translation differences', 'Current assets Inventory', 'Other current assets', 'first clinical sites', 'Other long-term receivables', 'medical technology company', 'complete concentric collapse', 'next-generation Genio system', 'Total comprehensive loss', 'Deferred tax asset', 'temporary supply disruption', 'Third Quarter 2022 Results', 'third quarter sales', 'REGULATED INFORMATION', 'DREAM trial', 'DREAM US', '12-month data', '32 active sites', 'Financial assets', 'Total assets', 'Other receivables', 'second quarter', 'Other income', 'Intangible assets', 'use assets', 'open orders', 'Financial income', 'FINANCIAL POSITION', 'Operating Results', 'Trade receivables', 'Financial expense', 'fourth quarter', 'first patients', 'Euronext Brussels/Nasdaq', 'innovative solutions', 'Operating Highlights', 'regulatory approval', 'component supplier', 'vast majority', 'Care4” program', 'CPAP failure', 'CE Mark', 'Olivier Taelman', 'unmet need', 'nerve stimulation', 'Mr. Taelman', 'non-CCC indications', 'unique benefits', 'strong start', 'THREE MONTHS', 'NINE MONTHS', 'Operating loss', 'Basic Loss', 'Diluted Loss', 'Genio solution', 'Administrative Expense', 'equity holders', 'first implants', 'Gross profit', 'Income taxes', 'cash equivalents', 'LIABILITIES Capital', 'Share premium', 'CCC) patients', 'OSA patients', 'Development Expense', 'Nyxoah SA', 'year end', '26 sites', 'Genio®', '115 implants', '110 implants', 'fall', 'Mont-Saint-Guibert', 'Belgium', 'November', '10:05pm', '4:05pm', 'NYXH', 'commercialization', 'revenue', 'Germany', 'centers', 'excellence', 'time', 'weeks', 'completion', 'track', 'Story', 'momentum', 'clinicians', 'new', 'confidence', 'thousands', 'Cost', 'goods', 'Research', 'Selling', 'General', 'period', 'SEPTEMBER', 'equipment', 'Right', 'reserves']",2022-11-08,2022-11-08,finance.yahoo.com
12878,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2022/11/08/2551254/0/en/INFORMATION-RELATING-TO-THE-TOTAL-NUMBER-OF-VOTING-RIGHTS-AND-SHARES-FORMING-THE-SHARE-CAPITAL.html,INFORMATION RELATING TO THE TOTAL NUMBER OF VOTING RIGHTS AND SHARES FORMING THE SHARE CAPITAL,In Bernin  on November 8  2022                INFORMATION RELATING TO THE TOTAL NUMBER OF VOTING RIGHTS AND SHARES FORMING THE SHARE CAPITAL        ...,English FrenchIn Bernin  on November 8  2022INFORMATION RELATING TO THE TOTAL NUMBEROF VOTING RIGHTS AND SHARESFORMING THE SHARE CAPITAL(Article L. 233-8 II of the French Commercial Code and article 223-16 of the General Regulation of the French financial markets authority (A.M.F))Corporate name and address of the company: SOITECParc Technologique des Fontaines - Chemin des Franques38190 Bernin (FRANCE)Statement date Total number of shares forming the share capital Total number of voting rights 10/31/2022 35 540 607 (1) Number of theoretical (gross) voting rights (2): 46 075 129 Number of exercisable (net) voting rights (3): 44 922 320(1) Including (i) 35 517 593 ordinary shares of €2.00 par value each  listed on the Euronext Paris regulated market under ISIN code FR0013227113 and the mnemonic “SOI” and (iii) 23 014 preferred shares 2 of €2.00 par value each  not listed.(2) The total number of theoretical voting rights (or “gross” voting rights) is used as the basis for calculating the crossing of shareholding thresholds. In accordance with article 223-11 of the AMF General Regulation  this number is calculated on the basis of all shares to which voting rights are attached  including shares without voting rights (for example  treasury shares) and after taking into account the number of shares entitled to double voting rights.(3) The total number of exercisable voting rights (or “net” voting rights) is calculated after taking into account the number of shares entitled to double voting rights  and after deduction of the shares without voting rights (for example  treasury shares).Soitec  a French joint-stock corporation with a share capital of Euros 71 081 214 - 384 711 909 R.C.S. Grenoble - APE code 2611 Z Headquarters’ address: Parc Technologique des Fontaines – Chemin des Franques – 38190 Bernin (France)Attachment,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.0,positive,0.69,0.28,0.03,True,English,"['TOTAL NUMBER', 'SHARE CAPITAL', 'INFORMATION', 'RIGHTS', 'SHARES', 'R.C.S. Grenoble', 'French financial markets authority', 'Parc Technologique des Fontaines', 'Chemin des Franques', 'A.M.F', 'French joint-stock corporation', 'French Commercial Code', 'gross) voting rights', 'theoretical voting rights', 'gross” voting rights', 'double voting rights', 'net” voting rights', 'AMF General Regulation', 'Z Headquarters’ address', 'exercisable voting rights', 'English French', 'ISIN code', 'APE code', 'SHARE CAPITAL', 'Corporate name', 'Statement date', 'Euronext Paris', 'shareholding thresholds', 'TOTAL NUMBER', '35,517,593 ordinary shares', '23,014 preferred shares', 'treasury shares', 'Article L.', 'Bernin', 'November', 'INFORMATION', 'company', 'SOITEC', 'FRANCE', 'basis', 'crossing', 'accordance', 'example', 'account', 'deduction', 'Euros', 'Attachment']",2022-11-08,2022-11-08,globenewswire.com
12879,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://techxplore.com/news/2022-11-renault-china-geely-powertrain-joint.html,Renault unveils sweeping overhaul for electric future,French automaker Renault presented its green revamp to investors Tuesday  splitting its operations in two: a new electric vehicle unit and a subsidiary for thermal and hybrid assets that will pair up with China's Geely.,"The flagship division of Renault's reorganisation is Ampere.French automaker Renault unveiled a sweeping overhaul on Tuesday in a bid to attract investors as it expands its electric vehicle business amid an accelerating market.Under the green revamp  Renault is to split its operations in two  with a new electric vehicle unit and a subsidiary for petrol  diesel and hybrid cars that will pair up with China's Geely.The carmaker's flagship division following the reorganization will be Ampere  which aims to produce a million electric vehicles by 2031  the group said ahead of an investor day in Paris.The new division will employ around 10 000 staff in France.Renault is the latest automaker seeking to finance a shift towards electric.The market for the greener vehicles is expected to grow rapidly in response to consumers' worries about climate change  putting pressure on manufacturers to develop less polluting products.The European Union last month agreed to phase out new CO 2 -emitting vehicles by 2035  a move set to turbo-charge the production of electric prototypes on the continent.Renault follows the likes of US automaker Ford and Germany's Volkswagen.The latter launched its premium sports brand Porsche on the stock market in September to finance its investment in electric  connected and autonomous cars.Ampere will produce the new Renault 5 and Renault 4 among other models in northern France and will target more than 30-percent growth annually over the next eight years and to break even by 2025.Renault said it would list Ampere on the Euronext Paris stock exchange in the latter half of 2023 and invite investment but will retain ""a strong majority"".The group—in which the French state and carmaker Nissan each own 15 percent—has still to outline the part that its Japanese partner will play in the new electric division.—Financing electric drive—For hybrid and internal-combustion vehicles  Renault plans to combine its technological  manufacturing and research and development activities with Chinese automaker Geely.The 50-50 partnership with the Chinese group—owner of Volvo—will develop and produce engines  gear boxes and other components for hybrid and petrol and diesel vehicles.Chief executive Luca De Meo says the strategy is to make Renault more agile and innovative in the face of the ""accelerated technological evolution of our time""Volvo Cars said separately it will cede its stake in its internal combustion engine partnership with Geely  which will be folded into the partnership with Renault that will be called ""Horse"".It will employ 19 000 people across Europe  China and South America  and have 17 factories and five research and development centers.Turnover for the division is expected to grow by four percent by 2027  the group said.""We are designing an agile and innovative organization to manage the volatility and accelerated technological evolution of our time "" said Renault chief executive Luca de Meo.The group aims to see an operating margin—a key profitability yardstick—of above eight percent in 2025.Shares in Renault were down 2.6 percent in afternoon trading on the Paris stock exchange.The group's financial targets are ""more ambitious than expected"" but ""raise questions""  analyst Tom Narayan of RBC said.The company suffered a historic loss in 2020 due to the COVID-19 pandemic and its recovery was destabilized by its withdrawal from Russia following Moscow's invasion of Ukraine.In late July  Renault said that its decision to quit the Russian market had pushed it deep into the red in the first half of 2022.Two months earlier  it had sold its 100-percent stake in Renault Russia and its 68-percent stake in AVTOVAZ.But with its new revamp  Renault said it planned to resume paying shareholders a dividend next year for the first time since 2019.The value of traditional car manufacturers pales in comparison to new players on the market specializing in electric vehicles such as Elon Musk's Tesla or Chinese firm BYD.US giant Ford has taken similar steps  announcing the creation of the ""Model E"" electric subsidiary earlier this year.Renault's sales of traditional internal-combustion vehicles are falling.In the first nine months of 2022  hybrid and electric vehicles represented 38 percent of the brand's registrations in Europe  a year-on-year increase of 12 percent.The separation of Renault's electric and conventional production has concerned trade unions after several waves of job cuts.© 2022 AFP",neutral,0.05,0.95,0.0,negative,0.01,0.25,0.74,True,English,"['sweeping overhaul', 'electric future', 'Renault', 'Renault chief executive Luca de Meo', 'premium sports brand Porsche', 'internal combustion engine partnership', 'Euronext Paris stock exchange', 'Model E"" electric subsidiary', 'new electric vehicle unit', 'less polluting products', 'The European Union', 'key profitability yardstick', 'analyst Tom Narayan', 'US giant Ford', 'electric vehicle business', 'next eight years', 'first nine months', 'US automaker Ford', 'traditional car manufacturers', 'accelerated technological evolution', 'traditional internal-combustion vehicles', 'million electric vehicles', 'new electric division', 'stock market', 'new division', 'new CO 2', 'new revamp', 'new players', 'electric prototypes', 'electric, connected', 'electric drive', 'technological, manufacturing', '50-50 partnership', 'first half', 'French automaker', 'latest automaker', 'greener vehicles', 'emitting vehicles', 'Chinese automaker', 'flagship division', 'sweeping overhaul', 'green revamp', 'investor day', ""consumers' worries"", 'climate change', 'autonomous cars', 'other models', '30-percent growth', 'latter half', 'strong majority', 'French state', 'Japanese partner', 'development activities', 'gear boxes', 'other components', 'South America', 'development centers', 'innovative organization', 'operating margin', 'afternoon trading', 'financial targets', 'historic loss', 'COVID-19 pandemic', 'late July', 'Elon Musk', 'Chinese firm', 'similar steps', 'year increase', 'trade unions', 'several waves', 'job cuts', 'eight percent', 'new Renault', 'diesel vehicles', '100-percent stake', '68-percent stake', 'first time', 'accelerating market', 'Russian market', 'northern France', 'Volvo Cars', 'five research', 'conventional production', 'four percent', 'hybrid cars', 'Chinese group', 'Renault Russia', '15 percent', '38 percent', '12 percent', 'reorganisation', 'Ampere', 'Tuesday', 'bid', 'investors', 'operations', 'petrol', 'China', 'Geely', 'carmaker', 'reorganization', '10,000 staff', 'shift', 'response', 'pressure', 'move', 'continent', 'likes', 'Germany', 'Volkswagen', 'September', 'investment', 'Nissan', 'owner', 'engines', 'strategy', 'face', '19,000 people', '17 factories', 'Turnover', 'agile', 'volatility', 'Shares', 'questions', 'RBC', 'company', 'recovery', 'withdrawal', 'Moscow', 'invasion', 'Ukraine', 'decision', 'red', 'AVTOVAZ', 'shareholders', 'value', 'comparison', 'Tesla', 'BYD', 'creation', 'sales', 'registrations', 'separation', 'AFP', '2022']",2022-11-08,2022-11-08,techxplore.com
12880,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2022/11/08/2550452/0/en/Quadient-launches-Parcel-Pending-smart-lockers-in-Ireland-to-support-on-going-modernisation-of-the-residential-property-industry.html,Quadient launches Parcel Pending smart lockers in Ireland to support on-going modernisation of the residential property industry,Quadient launches Parcel Pending smart lockers in Ireland to support on-going modernisation of the residential property industry  The launch of Parcel......,English FrenchQuadient launches Parcel Pending smart lockers in Ireland to support on-going modernisation of the residential property industryThe launch of Parcel Pending smart parcel lockers will help property developers and managers improve services for residents  free up employee time and reduce environmental impact of deliveriesDublin  Ireland  8th November 2022Quadient (Euronext Paris: QDT)  a leader in helping businesses create meaningful customer connections through digital and physical channels  today announced the launch of Parcel Pending by Quadient in Ireland. By providing secure  self-service smart parcel lockers to businesses across the country  together with a dedicated support centre and response and repair team  Quadient will help the Irish economy capitalise on the property boom by simplifying parcel delivery and improving residents’ experience.With the Banking & Payments Federation Ireland (BPFI) expecting 50 000 new homes to be built across 2022 and 2023  Quadient will help property developers and property management organisations transform parcel pickup: providing a secure location for residents’ parcel deliveries with 24/7 access; in turn freeing up time for building management to deal with other tasks; and reducing the physical and environmental footprint of parcel delivery.“Property is a highly competitive marketplace in Ireland  and high-density housing will be crucial to meeting the country’s housing needs ” said Ian Caminsky  SVP and MD Parcel Locker Solutions  UKI & DACHIT at Quadient. “This demands a new approach for processing parcels and packages. An Post alone delivered 56 million packets and parcels in its last reporting year – an average of 29 per household. Combine that figure with deliveries from other carriers  and management teams at high-occupancy communities will be faced with a flood of parcels every week. Employees will either need to receive  log  store and distribute these parcels  taking time away from other tasks  or run the risk of unwatched parcels potentially being stolen. Automated lockers can reduce the pressure on management teams  while creating a more pleasant  liveable service and environment for residents.”Quadient already has a presence in Ireland through its mailing and customer experience services. By bringing Parcel Pending smart lockers into the country  it will provide more opportunities to the property industry to realise the benefits of automated lockers  including:Increased security – Ensuring packages can only be picked up by the intended recipient  reducing opportunities for parcel theft and giving residents confidence they live in a safe environment.Ensuring packages can only be picked up by the intended recipient  reducing opportunities for parcel theft and giving residents confidence they live in a safe environment. Improved efficiency – It can take up to four minutes for a delivery driver and building staff to complete handover of a package – plus the time to hand it to the recipient. Quadient’s parcel lockers reduce this time to seconds  freeing up the delivery driver and building staff time.– It can take up to four minutes for a delivery driver and building staff to complete handover of a package – plus the time to hand it to the recipient. Quadient’s parcel lockers reduce this time to seconds  freeing up the delivery driver and building staff time. Reduced footprint – Instead of maintaining a dedicated desk for parcels  developers and building managers can provide a secure  unobtrusive way to give residents access to their deliveries 24/7.– Instead of maintaining a dedicated desk for parcels  developers and building managers can provide a secure  unobtrusive way to give residents access to their deliveries 24/7. Digital integration – Quadient’s parcel lockers are designed to integrate with cloud services and applications  for instance resident engagement portals such as Spike Global – allowing property managers to offer a modern  streamlined experience and immediate access to their services to residents.– Quadient’s parcel lockers are designed to integrate with cloud services and applications  for instance resident engagement portals such as Spike Global – allowing property managers to offer a modern  streamlined experience and immediate access to their services to residents. Environmental impact – By guaranteeing delivery the first time  preventing re-visits  and ensuring that couriers and residents only have to visit a single location  parcel lockers help both reduce emissions and create a safer environment for residents.With nearly 17 000 installations worldwide serving millions of users  Quadient has considerable experience and existing footprint to benefit not only the Irish residential market and university accommodation  but also retail and home delivery  where parcel lockers can improve efficiency  guarantee delivery  and offer a better service to customers.“We are dedicated to the Irish market and are excited about making the most of our expertise in the country ” continued Ian Caminsky. “We have undeniable evidence of the benefits developers  property managers and residents have already seen from our lockers: to the extent that for many developments the lockers themselves have become a selling point for new residents. Indeed  in some locations we have seen the number of lockers triple following positive feedback. The future of high-density housing is one that makes best use of the space available; reduces the impact on the environment; and gives residents the fastest and easiest possible access to the services they need  without compromising their comfort or security. Our parcel lockers are an essential part of this vision  and we look forward to making this journey in Ireland.”For more information about Parcel Pending by Quadient  visit https://www.parcelpending.com/en-gb/ireland/.Parcel Pending by Quadient will be exhibiting at Ireland's Residential Investment and Development Conference in Dublin on November 10th – to find out more  visit:https://www.bisnow.com/events/dublin/multifamily/irelands-build-to-rent-conference-7481.About Quadient®Quadient is the driving force behind the world’s most meaningful customer experiences. By focusing on three key solution areas  Intelligent Communication Automation  Parcel Locker Solutions and Mail-Related Solutions  Quadient helps simplify the connection between people and what matters. Quadient supports hundreds of thousands of customers worldwide in their quest to create relevant  personalized connections and achieve customer experience excellence. Quadient is listed in compartment B of Euronext Paris (QDT) and is part of the SBF 120®  CAC® Mid 60 and EnterNext® Tech 40 indices.For more information about Quadient  visit www.quadient.com.Quadient UK press contact:Dominic Walsh  Spark Communications +44 (0)20 7436 0420 or quadient@sparkcomms.co.uk.Attachment,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.0,mixed,0.43,0.16,0.41,True,English,"['Parcel Pending smart lockers', 'residential property industry', 'Quadient', 'Ireland', 'going', 'modernisation', 'secure, self-service smart parcel lockers', 'Parcel Pending smart parcel lockers', 'MD Parcel Locker Solutions', 'Parcel Pending smart lockers', 'secure, unobtrusive way', 'meaningful customer connections', 'last reporting year', 'resident engagement portals', 'modern, streamlined experience', 'dedicated support centre', 'pleasant, liveable service', 'Irish residential market', 'residential property industry', 'property management organisations', 'Payments Federation Ireland', 'customer experience services', 'residents’ parcel deliveries', 'secure location', 'parcel pickup', 'parcel theft', 'Automated lockers', 'Irish market', 'parcel delivery', 'considerable experience', 'Irish economy', 'dedicated desk', 'building management', 'management teams', 'property boom', 'English French', 'environmental impact', 'Euronext Paris', 'repair team', '50,000 new homes', 'other tasks', 'environmental footprint', 'competitive marketplace', 'high-density housing', 'housing needs', 'Ian Caminsky', 'new approach', 'An Post', '56 million packets', 'other carriers', 'high-occupancy communities', 'Increased security', 'four minutes', 'Reduced footprint', 'Spike Global', 'existing footprint', 'university accommodation', 'property managers', 'residents’ experience', 'building managers', 'delivery driver', 'home delivery', 'safe environment', 'safer environment', 'cloud services', 'property developers', '24/7 access', 'immediate access', 'physical channels', 'intended recipient', 'Improved efficiency', 'Digital integration', 'employee time', 'first time', 'unwatched parcels', 'staff time', 'Quadient', 'going', 'modernisation', 'launch', 'Dublin', '8th', 'QDT', 'leader', 'businesses', 'country', 'response', 'Banking', 'BPFI', 'turn', 'SVP', 'UKI', 'DACHIT', 'processing', 'packages', 'average', 'household', 'figure', 'flood', 'Employees', 'risk', 'pressure', 'presence', 'mailing', 'opportunities', 'benefits', 'confidence', 'complete', 'handover', 'seconds', 'applications', 'instance', 'visits', 'couriers', 'emissions', '17,000 installations', 'millions', 'users', 'retail', 'customers', 'expertise', 'evide', '2022']",2022-11-08,2022-11-08,globenewswire.com
12881,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2022/11/08/2551476/0/en/NANOBIOTIX-Voting-Rights-and-Shares-Capital-of-the-Company.html,NANOBIOTIX Voting Rights and Shares Capital of the Company,In accordance with Articles L.233-8 II of the French Commercial Code and 223-16 of the General Regulation of the French Financial Markets Authority (Autorité des Marchés Financiers),In accordance with Articles L.233-8 II of the French Commercial Code and 223-16 of the General Regulation of the French Financial Markets Authority (Autorité des Marchés Financiers)PARIS  Nov. 08  2022 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) --Market: Euronext Paris / NasdaqEuronext Compartment: BISIN code: FR0011341205Nasdaq: NBTXBloomberg: NANO:FPReuters: NANO.PAWebsite: www.nanobiotix.comDateNumber of SharesOutstandingTotal number of voting rights Total voting rights theoretical(1)Total voting rights exercisable(2) October 31  202234 875 872 36 286 313 36 273 212(1) The total number of theoretical (or “gross”) voting rights is used as the basis for calculating threshold crossings. In accordance with Article 223-11 of the AMF General Regulations  this number is calculated on the basis of all shares to which voting rights are attached  including those for which voting rights have been suspended.(2) The total number of exercisable at a Shareholders’ Meeting (or “net”) voting rights is calculated without taking into account shares for which voting rights have been suspended as shares held in treasury by the Company. It is released in order to ensure that the public is properly informed  in accordance with the AMF recommendation of July 17  2007.About NANOBIOTIXNanobiotix is a late-stage clinical biotechnology company pioneering disruptive  physics-based therapeutic approaches to revolutionize treatment outcomes for millions of patients; supported by people committed to making a difference for humanity. The company is leveraging its proprietary nanoparticle platform  including its lead product candidate  radiotherapy activated NBTXR3  to develop a pipeline of therapeutic options designed to enhance local and systemic control of solid tumors with an initial focus on the treatment of head and neck cancers.For more information about Nanobiotix  visit us at www.nanobiotix.com or follow us on LinkedIn and Twitter .Contacts,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,1.0,0.0,0.0,True,English,"['NANOBIOTIX Voting Rights', 'Shares Capital', 'Company', 'Autorité des Marchés Financiers', 'French Financial Markets Authority', 'disruptive, physics-based therapeutic approaches', 'late-stage clinical biotechnology company', 'French Commercial Code', 'proprietary nanoparticle platform', 'lead product candidate', 'NANO.PA Website', 'AMF General Regulations', 'gross”) voting rights', 'Total voting rights', 'therapeutic options', 'ISIN code', 'AMF recommendation', 'GLOBE NEWSWIRE', 'Euronext Compartment', 'Total number', 'threshold crossings', 'Shareholders’ Meeting', 'systemic control', 'solid tumors', 'initial focus', 'neck cancers', 'Euronext Paris', 'treatment outcomes', 'accordance', 'Articles', 'Nasdaq', 'NBTX', 'Bloomberg', 'Reuters', 'Shares', 'Outstanding', 'theoretical', 'basis', 'net', 'account', 'treasury', 'order', 'public', 'July', 'NANOBIOTIX', 'millions', 'patients', 'people', 'difference', 'humanity', 'radiotherapy', 'pipeline', 'local', 'head', 'information', 'LinkedIn', 'Twitter', 'Contacts']",2022-11-08,2022-11-08,globenewswire.com
12882,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/renault-group-renaulution-now-revolution-060000373.html,Renault Group: Renaulution  now Revolution,Press ReleaseNovember 8  2022#Renaulution Renault Group CMD PR_Renaulution Now Revolution Renaulution  now Revolution Live conference at 9 :00 Paris time...,"RENAULTPress ReleaseNovember 8  2022#RenaulutionRenault Group CMD PR_Renaulution Now RevolutionRenaulution  now RevolutionLive conference at 9 :00 Paris timeavailable on www.renaultgroup.comTowards a Next Gen automotive company:Significantly ahead of its initial targets  Renault Group opens the third chapter of its Renaulution plan: RevolutionRenault Group revolutionizes itself focusing resources on the value chains arising from the transformation of the automotive and mobility industry: electric vehicles (EV)  software  new mobility services  circular economy  in addition to ICE & hybrid vehiclesRenault Group aims at becoming a Next Gen automotive company built on 5 focused businesses addressing all the new value chains: Ampere : the first EV & Software pure player born from an OEM disruption Alpine : a high-end zero-emission global brand with a racing pedigree. A unique asset-light model combined with proprietary technologies Mobilize : built around a leading financial services company to enter the market of new mobility  energy and data-based services The Future Is NEUTRAL : the first 360° circular economy company in the automotive industry from closed loop in materials to battery recycling Po wer : the traditional core business of Renault Group will continue to develop innovative low emissions ICE & hybrid vehicles under the Renault  Dacia and Renault LCV brands  each with their dedicated organization and governance. To reinforce and project this part of the business into the future  we announce the creation of a leading worldwide Tier 1 supplier of ICE & hybrid powertrain technologies (Horse project)Building an open partnerships ecosystem to enable future growth:By creating such leading powertrain technology company  Renault Group and Geely are combining their technological  manufacturing and R&D assets. Renault Group will own 50% of this company representing revenues of €15 billion globally from Day 1Ampere : envisaged IPO on Euronext Paris earliest H2 2023 (subject to market conditions) with Renault Group keeping strong majority and the support of potential strategic cornerstone investors (including Qualcomm Technologies  Inc.)Renault Group has built deep partnerships with 2 major tech players  Google and Qualcomm Technologies   to create game-changing technologies that will enable the development of S oftware - D efined V ehicle (SDV) including Centralized Electronic Architecture and Car OSAlpine is set to expand globally with half of its future growth outside of Europe leveraging commercial partnerships and investors support. Alpine is open to capitalize on the financial valuation of its F1 Team assetsLight Commercial Vehicles (LCV) to launch  in partnership with an OEM  a game changing EV & software-defined family of vans: FlexEVan. It allows real-time  end-to-end operations monitoring and data-driven fleet management. FlexEVan’s disruptive concept and technology will ensure -30% total cost of usage for mobility operatorsStory continuesSolid financial outlook entering in a new era:Financial outlook 2025-2030: Operating margin: above 8% in 2025 and above 10% by 2030 Free cash-flow: above €2 billion per year on average over 2023-2025 and above €3 billion per year on average over 2026-2030Dividend policy : Renault Group plans to restore dividend payment from 2023 (for 2022 FY – pending Shareholders’ General Meeting approval). This dividend policy  a first for Renault Group  will gradually grow  in a disciplined manner  up to 35% payout ratio of Group consolidated net income – parent share  in the mid-term. To do so  the Group must achieve its first priority: return to an investment grade ratingAmbition to grow employees’ shareholding to 10% by 2030“Today’s announcements are a new sign of Renault Group team’s determination to prepare the company for the future challenges and opportunities generated by the transformation of our industry. After having executed one of the fastest and unexpected recovery plans  after having prepared the company for growth by securing the development of the best product line-up in decades  we intend to position ourselves faster and stronger than competition on the new automotive value chains: EV  software  new mobility and circular economy. We focus full-fledged teams on each of the automotive and mobility value chains. We design an agile and innovative organization to manage the volatility and fast technological evolution of our times. Speed  accountability  transparency  and specialization for excellence are the key words. Renault Group is one team of teams  benefiting from simplified governance and digital management platforms boosting collaboration and breaking silos typical of traditional organizations. Allocating up to 10% of the capital to our employees  will contribute to foster a new common culture oriented to value creation. We believe also in cooperation when it comes to invest  create and scale new businesses and technologies. This is the core of our horizontal approach  and the network of leading partners that are participating in our different projects  is the proof of the quality of our initiatives. All this is one of the most progressive re-engineering projects of the recent years in our industry  a Revolution in its kind."" said Luca de Meo  Chief Executive Officer of Renault Group.“What the Group has achieved in terms of financial turnaround in just 2 years is outstanding and we will not stop here. We are bringing our non-negotiable fundamentals – value over volume  competitiveness  and capital efficiency – to the next level. This new corporate architecture will allow us to improve our financial performance  targeting benchmark profitability  free cash-flow generation and return on capital employed. By addressing structurally more profitable value chains  it will transform our business mix and create value. Powered by the focus on growing and cash generating businesses  our plan is ambitious but also realistic in the light of the current macroeconomic context. The Renaulution plan foundation is self-financed but will be accelerated by external fundings and partnerships enabling the access to key value chains  to boost growth and innovation while reducing capital requirements. All in all  the Revolution is also financial and aims at creating value for all our stakeholders as illustrated by our dividend policy and our target to reinforce employee shareholding.” said Thierry Piéton  Chief Financial Officer of Renault Group.Boulogne-Billancourt  November 8  2022Following approval by the Board of Directors held on November 7  2022 under the chairmanship of Jean-Dominique Senard  Luca de Meo  CEO of Renault Group and Thierry Piéton  CFO of Renault Group  present today  during its Capital Market Day  the third chapter of its Renaulution strategy.Until now  carmakers were evolving in an environment of mature ICE technology and stable customer expectations. The ongoing transformations  reshaping the automotive industry  are driving the emergence of additional value chains: electric vehicles (EV)  software  new mobility services  and circular economy.Today  after Resurrection and Renovation  the first two phases of the Renaulution strategic plan presented in January 2021  Renault Group opens the third chapter: it launches its Revolution with the ambition to become a Next Gen automotive company.This new set-up will allow Renault Group to capture value across all the new profit pools (estimated by external institutions at ~€220 billion in 2030 vs €110 billion today). To seize opportunities in these markets and to adapt to today’s environment  Renault Group creates full-fledged and focused organizations. It will transform its business mix by harnessing structurally more profitable value chains. Renault Group leverages a horizontal and ecosystemic approach to co-create  co-finance and scale strategic initiatives with leading partners.Now  RevolutionThe guiding principles of this value driven and ecosystemic approach are:Strategic focusEffectivenessSmart capital allocationBest partners selectionAsset-light by designRenault Group is operating its own Revolution by creating 5 focused businesses with specialized teams  each built on a homogeneous set of technologies  with their own governance and P&L.These businesses are:Ampere : the first EV & Software pure player born from an OEM disruptionAlpine : a high-end zero-emission global brand with a racing pedigree. A unique asset-light model combined with proprietary technologiesMobilize : built around a leading financial services company to enter the market of new mobility  energy and data-based servicesThe Future Is NEUTRAL : the first 360° circular economy company in the automotive industry from closed loop in materials to battery recyclingPower: the traditional core business of Renault Group will continue to develop innovative low emissions ICE & hybrid vehicles under the Renault  Dacia and Renault LCV brands  each with their dedicated organization and governancePower: innovative low emissions ICE & hybrid vehiclesICE & hybrid vehicles will still represent up to 50% of passenger cars sales worldwide even by 2040. Developing efficient technologies in that field remains key for the future of any global OEM. Therefore  Renault Group is ensuring the further development of its core business  with the launch of a totally new range of Renault ICE & Hybrid (passenger cars)  Dacia and LCV – and with the creation of a worldwide supplier  leader in ICE & hybrid powertrain technologies.Renault Group will combine its ICE & hybrid powertrain technologies (Horse project) together with Geely to create a worldwide leading supplierRenault Group and Geely will combine their ICE in a 50-50 entity. This dedicated business will design  develop  produce  and sell all ICE & hybrid powertrain components and systems with state-of-the-art technologies. Day 1  the entity will have a turnover of over €15 billion and a volume of 5 million units per year  already serving 8 customers who will benefit of increased synergies and productivity.This entity will be full-fledged and global  with:17 plants supplying 130 countries5 R&D centers in Europe (Spain  Romania and Sweden)  China  and South America for a total of 3 000 engineersA total of 19 000 employees  across 3 continentsIt will offer a complete portfolio of technologies on all components: engine  gearbox  xHEV systems and batteries at best level. Thanks to this project  Renault Group will double both its scale and market coverage from 40% to 80% worldwide. This growth will be fueled by geographical expansion  with access to North America and China  and by products complementarity to come up with complete low emissions systems and solutions for OEMs. To do that  it will develop its technology portfolio in the field of alternative fuels seeking for cooperation with a potential partner from the energy industry.Renault brand ICE & Hybrid: globally upliftedEven with the sharp rise of the EV offer  the combustion engine vehicles will still continue to grow especially outside of Europe. Thus  Renault brand will remain present on ICE & hybrid markets  especially in Latin America  India  South Korea and North Africa. Renault ICE & Hybrid passenger cars sales will keep growing 2% per year on average over 2022-2030.To uplift the brand in all geographies  Renault will continue its C-segment offensive and will grow by 20% its net revenue  while expanding its contribution margin by 30% between 2022 and 2030.Dacia: growing from >10% operating margin to 15% by 2030Dacia’s model is unique  built upon the combination of three main components:An engineering focus on design-to-cost already providing a solid double-digit cost advantageA unique industrial and sourcing footprint with a benchmark cost competitivenessAn asset-light distribution model ensuring costs comparable to agency model85% retail channel mixAs a consequence  Dacia already generates an operating margin above 10%  and aims to reach 15% by 2030.To achieve this ambition  Dacia  currently a B-segment champion will boldly enter the C-segment. After Jogger this year  Dacia Bigster will embody this move and 2 other vehicles will follow  allowing Dacia to double its profit pool coverage. In parallel  Dacia will also keep lowering costs and will benefit from the doubling of the volume of the global CMF-B platform across brands which will reach 2 million units by 2030.Dacia will contribute to reinvent the ICE value chain through the cooperation with Horse project by developing breakthrough powertrains adaptation for alternative & synthetic fuels. Dacia will smoothly transition to EV in Europe by pioneering affordable EV solutions.LCV: propelled into the future by two game changersRenault Group’s LCV business relies on solid foundations with over 5 million vehicles in European car park  an ecosystem of over 600 dedicated Pro+ dealers  4 plants and the most up-to-date line-up by 2026.Renault LCV will develop two game changing projects to address a dynamic and changing market:Hyvia : the Group’s joint-venture with Plug for carbon-free hydrogen mobility offers a complete ecosystem  from fuel cells vehicles  to electrolyzers  to hydrogen refueling. It combines Plug’s H2 expertise with Renault Group’s industrial and engineering assets. Hyvia aims for 30% of the hydrogen-powered LCV market by 2030  in Europe and a cumulated order intake of €1 billion by 2026.FlexEVan: a game changing EV & software defined family of vans to be deployed on the market from 2026. FlexEVan will be compact for urban use thanks to a specially designed EV platform. FlexEVan will benefit from the SDV developed within Ampere. The vehicle will thus become a fully connected warehouse extension  integrated into the customer's digital ecosystem. It will be the first vehicle to benefit from the application of the software-defined vehicle technology at Renault Group  allowing notably for real-time  end-to-end operations monitoring and data-driven fleet management. FlexEVan will reduce the total lifecycle cost of usage for the clients by at least 30%  i.e. more than the price of the van. To support the development of FlexEVan  Renault Group intends to create Flexis  a partnership with a relevant partner having experience in the sector and a complementary activity. Thanks to this partnership  developments will be shared  meaning a significant decrease in costs and a maximization of customers coverage.Ampere: the 1st EV and software pure player born from an OEM disruptionWith Ampere  Renault Group is creating a standalone company that will be the 1st EV and software pure player born from an OEM disruption. Ampere will develop  manufacture  and sell full EV passenger cars  with cutting-edge software-defined vehicle (SDV) technology  under the Renault brand. Ampere will bring the best of both worlds: know-how and assets from Renault Group with the focus and agility of an EV pure player.Based in France  Ampere will be a full-fledged OEM with around 10 000 employees. As a tech company  Ampere will drive innovation with around 3 500 engineers  half of them specialized in software.Before 2030  Ampere’s line-up of 6 electric cars will be ideally positioned on the fastest-growing segments in Europe covering 80% of the EV mainstream profit pool: the B segment with the new Renault 5 Electric and Renault 4 Electric  and the C segment with Megane E-tech Electric  Scénic Electric and 2 other vehicles to be revealed. A large portion of the investments of the first 4 vehicles has already been spent.Ampere targets to produce around 1 million EVs for the Renault brand in 2031. Ampere is a growth story  with above 30% of compound annual growth rate (CAGR) in the 10 years to come.Ampere relies on 3 tech backbones making it unique in the EV and software ecosystem:A high-tech and top - competitive manufacturing footprint : ElectriCity  already one of the major and most competitive EV production poles in Europe: in 2025  a vehicle will be produced in less than 10 hours. 400k units production capacity from day 1  scalable to 1 million leveraging other Renault Group facilities  ElectriCity also offers a unique local ecosystem with 80% of the suppliers within 300kmA European EV value chain : Ampere is partnering with the most relevant players to access to know-how  to secure sustainable supply and to gain visibility and control on costs and performance. Thanks to its European-based supply chain  Ampere will secure the supply for more than 80 GWh required for its cars by 2030. From 10% coverage of the EV value chain in 2020  it is now above 30% and will reach 80% by 2030A breakthrough Software - D efined V ehicle (SDV) technology : SDV is the future of the automotive industry  allowing the car to be constantly upgradable throughout its lifecycle  learning from its users  and keeping the vehicle linked from cradle to grave to the OEM. To launch its first open and horizontal SDV in 2026  Renault Group has built deep partnerships with 2 major tech players: Qualcomm Technologies to co-develop high-performance computing platforms based on Snapdragon Digital® Chassis™ solutions for the Centralized Electronic Architecture. This includes System on Chip and low layers software in addition to features  in-car services and applications. Qualcomm Technologies  or one of its affiliates  intends to invest in the Renault Group's dedicated electric and software company Ampere Google with whom the collaboration includes an Android-based platform for Software-Defined Vehicle and cloud software to enable a SDV digital twinBuilding the SDV in a horizontal way is unique in the entire industry. It reduces development time and cost. Partnering with Google to create this open platform based on Android allows Ampere to leverage one of the world’s largest global ecosystem of third-party apps developers. They will come up with a variety of services that will enrich the user experience while accelerating the development of features through the lifetime of the vehicle.These partnerships will enable Renault Group to reduce costs  improve efficiency  flexibility and speed of vehicle developments  and increase value for end-users thanks to continuous software innovation and updates.Alpine: a high-end zero-emission global brand with a racing pedigreeOver the past two years  Alpine has had a rebirth  capitalizing on its iconic A110 sports coupé and on its entry into Formula 1  where it aims to become a championship contender. Today  Alpine is a true high-end brand  a full-fledged OEM  asset-light  tech focused  a team of 2 000 people  of which 50% are engineers. Being part of the Group ensures Alpine access to Ampere EV and Software technological assets. Looking forward  Alpine will leverage commercial partnerships and investors support to accelerate its growth and international expansion.Alpine is developing a brand-new line-up that will fuel its growth and international ambitions. It will be full-electric from 2026. By then  Alpine will also reveal the next A110  and 2 new models: a B-hatchback and a C+ crossover. Alpine then plans to launch two D and E segments cutting-edge cars to support its international expansion. As a result  we expect half of Alpine’s growth to come from new markets beyond Europe including potentially North America and China.Mobilize: built around a leading financial services company to enter the market of new mobility  energy and data-based servicesMobilize is built around a core asset  Mobilize Financial Services (MFS)  one of the best financial services providers on the market with 4 million of customers. MFS will expand its traditional business while developing new businesses such as subscription  insurance  and operational leasing.Mobilize is set to become a leading and profitable Vehicle-as-a-Service (VaaS) dedicated provider  combining financial  mobility  energy and data-based services supported by purpose-designed vehicles. These services  aggregated in a one-stop-shop solution  will serve the needs of retail customers  fleets and mobility operators while generating recurring revenue. What makes Mobilize different from any other automotive brand is that it comes from the services to the product and not the other way around. Thanks to the VaaS model  Mobilize will generate 3 times more revenue during the whole vehicle lifecycle  compared to classic sales.The Future Is NEUTRAL: the first 360° circular economy company in the automotive industry from closed-loop in materials to battery recyclingTo materialize its commitment to circular economy and to move towards resources neutrality  Renault Group announced on October 13th the creation of a new company: The Future Is NEUTRAL. Bringing together all the existing expertise of the Group and its partners in this activity  this new entity offers closed-loop recycling solutions at each stage of a vehicle's life: supply of parts and raw materials  production  usage and end of life. From around 50% of value chain coverage today  The Future Is NEUTRAL aims to reach above 90% by 2030. It is set to become the European leader at industrial scale in the closed-loop automotive circular economy. It will service Renault Group as well as the entire industry. In order to accelerate its development and strengthen its leadership  The Future Is NEUTRAL is opening up a minority of its capital to outside investors with the objective of to co-finance investments of around €500 million until 2030.ESG: a performance lever for Renault GroupThe Group’s Revolution will see an acceleration of its ESG trajectory representing a key driver for the operating and financial performance of the Group.The business re-engineering of Renault Group will enable it to become a front-runner in the quest for carbon neutrality and inclusive future.On the climate front  the Group aims for carbon neutrality in Europe in 2040 and worldwide by 2050  adopting a cradle to grave approach. The Group has set intermediate carbon footprint reduction targets to lead the way  with specific action plans for each of its businesses.Each business has its own ESG objectives  all of them benefitting to the Group ESG targets:Power Ampere Alpine Mobilize The FutureIs NEUTRAL Affordable mobilityUp to -70%CO 2 emissions per vehicle by 2030 100% EV line-upCarbon neutrality in production in 2025Local value chainUpskilling & reskilling 100% EV line-up by 2026Carbon neutrality in production by 2030 100% electric line-upRenewable energyBattery second life Car-to-car parts & materials closed loopsBattery recycling>90% coverage of the circular economy value chain by 2030In regards with the Renault Group’s tradition of social responsibility  it will accompany the transition  upskilling & reskilling of thousands of people towards the new value chains of the automotive revolution. As an example  with ReKnow University  open to the entire industry  15 000 Renault Group’s employees and 4 500 students and suppliers will be trained by 2025 to future auto industry skills in electric mobility  circular economy  software and cybersecurity & data.Cash talksThe Group’s re-engineering along 5 businesses will be directly reflected in its financial reporting to improve simplicity  accountability and transparency  both internally and externally. The performances of these 5 businesses will continue to build on the financial discipline implemented during the Resurrection phase. The Group’s levers – value over volume  competitiveness and capital efficiency – will be further accelerated respectively by its new products offensive  a strong focus on variable costs  sustainable supplier network development and digitization. And furthermore  a unique ecosystemic partnership approach will extend the coverage of key value chains with a low capital intensity bias.To face current industry unprecedented transformation challenge  Renault Group developed an approach based on two principles:A self-financed plan  secured by strong free cash-flow generation from its businessesPartnerships or external funding to accelerate growth  innovation or competitiveness and reduce capital requirementsAmpere: low cash-burn & external fundingRenault Group wishes to accelerate Ampere’s future development and propel Renault brand into its electric future without drawing heavily on the Group’s financial resources. In this context  the Group envisages external partners and investors to embark on the journey with assumptions as follows:Established EV player with limited cash burn. Free cash-flow above 0 in 2025Open to external investors to accelerate R&D and ecosystem developmentAlliance scale (Renault Group  Nissan  Mitsubishi Motors): equity participation under studyEnvisaged IPO on Euronext Paris earliest H2 2023 (subject to market conditions) with Renault Group keeping strong majority and the support of potential strategic cornerstone investors (including Qualcomm Technologies)Horse project: financially optimizing the ICE & hybrid powertrain futureFrom a financial standpoint  Horse project aims at providing productivity gains  fixed costs reduction and significant Group’s balance sheet improvement. Renault Group will keep 50% of the entity  a level which would lead to the deconsolidation of this activity from Renault Group’s scope and financial statements  starting from H2 2023.The carve-out impacts are estimated as follows:€2.5 billion fixed assets reduction€1.2 billion fixed costs variabilization  per year on average and €2.4 billion reduction in R&D and Capex from 2023 to 2030Powertrain cost competitiveness: €2.5 billion from 2023-2030. Positive impact as early as 2024A dividend stream corresponding to Renault Group retained ownershipA potential future capital gainFinancial outlook per business: profit & cash are kingPower Ampere Alpine Mobilize The FutureIs NEUTRAL Value proposition Cash-flowgeneration Profitable growth & innovation with low execution risk Internationallygrowinghigh-end anchor Recurring services revenue with high margins Sustainable & profitable growth Revenue +4% CAGR 2022-2027-4% CAGR2027-2030 >30% CAGR 2022-2030~1 million vehicles in 203111% R&D Capex (in % of revenue  on average 2022-2030) 40% CAGR 2022-2030€2 billion revenue in 2026>€8 billion revenue in 2030 +8% CAGR2022-2025+14% CAGR 2026-2030 From €0.8 billion revenuein 2022 to>€2.3 billion1in 2030 Operating margin ~+3pts auto operating margin2022-2025 Breakevenin 2025~10% in 2030 Breakevenin 2026>10% in 2030 MBA 2 : breakevenby 2025 and double-digit by 2027MFS2: high double-digit operating margin >10% margin1in 20301 The Future Is NEUTRAL outlook: Total Scope  Sum of the Parts – not entirely within Renault Group scope of consolidation2 MBA: Mobilize Beyond Automotive; MFS: Mobilize Financial ServicesRenault Group financial outlook: new heights!Renault Group aims to reach the following targets:Operating margin: above 8% in 2025 and above 10% by 2030 Free cash-flow: above €2 billion per year on average over 2023-2025 and above €3 billion per year on average over 2026-2030 Free cash-flow will include Mobilize Financial Services dividend projected to be above €500m per year on average (subject to regulatory and MFS board approvals) R&D and Capex: capped at the maximum of 8.0% of revenue over 2022-2030 ROCE: above 30% from 2025Furthermore  Renault Group confirms its 2022 FY financial outlook with:A Group operating margin above 5%An Automotive operational free cash-flow above €1.5 billionReinstating the dividendRenault Group plans to restore dividend payment from 2023 (for the 2022 full year – pending Shareholders’ General Meeting approval). This dividend symbolizes a new era and then will gradually grow in a disciplined manner up to 35% payout ratio of Group consolidated net income – parent share  in the mid-term. To do so  the Group must achieve its first priority which is to turn back to an investment grade rating.Capital allocation policy: implementing a balanced capital allocationRenault Group aims at using at least 50% of the excess cash generated to reinvest in the Group. Looking forward  Renault Group intends to be more active on financial investments  in line with its ecosystemic approach  but limiting them to maximum 15% to 20% of its free cash-flow.For the remaining cash allocation  aside from dividend  the Group wishes to associate its employees to its performance to foster a common sense of belonging to the project and nurture a culture of value. Through dedicated employees’ shareholding programs  it ambitions to see the employee shareholding portion grow to 10% of the Group capital by 2030.Existing bonds will remain under Renault SA  the issuer of the industrial activities of the Group. Each business could use financing instruments depending on its own needs and strategy.AllianceRenault Group  Nissan and Mitsubishi Motors are currently engaged in discussions to jointly address the new challenges and opportunities driving the future of the automotive industry  which include:An agreement on a set of strategic common initiatives across markets  products  and technologiesNissan and Mitsubishi Motors consideration to invest in Ampere which will support Renault Group’s Renaulution strategy and will be one of the strategic steps towards Nissan Ambition 2030 and Mitsubishi Motors strategyStructural improvements to ensure sustainable Alliance operations and governance** *This plan will be presented to employee representative bodies in accordance with applicable regulations.The presentation is available on www.renaultgroup.com.* **About Renault GroupRenault Group is at the forefront of a mobility that is reinventing itself. Strengthened by its alliance with Nissan and Mitsubishi Motors  and its unique expertise in electrification  Renault Group comprises 4 complementary brands - Renault  Dacia  Alpine and Mobilize - offering sustainable and innovative mobility solutions to its customers. Established in more than 130 countries  the Group has sold 2.7 million vehicles in 2021. It employs nearly 111 000 people who embody its Purpose every day  so that mobility brings people closer. Ready to pursue challenges both on the road and in competition  Renault Group is committed to an ambitious transformation that will generate value. This is centred on the development of new technologies and services  and a new range of even more competitive  balanced and electrified vehicles. In line with environmental challenges  the Group’s ambition is to achieve carbon neutrality in Europe by 2040.https://www.renaultgroup.com/en/RENAULT GROUP INVESTORRELATIONS Philippine de Schonen+33 6 13 45 68 39philippine.de-schonen@renault.comRENAULT GROUPPRESS RELATIONSPRESSE Frédéric Texier+33 6 10 78 49 20frederic.texier@renault.com Astrid de Latude+33 6 25 63 22 08astrid.de-latude@renault.comDisclaimerThis press release contains forward-looking statements. All statements other than statements of historical fact included in this press release are forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements give the current expectations and projections of Renault Group relating to its financial condition  results of operations  plans  objectives  future performance and business. These statements may include  without limitation  any statements preceded by  followed by or including words such as “target ” “believe ” “expect ” “aim ” “intend ” “may ” “estimate ” “plan ” “project ” “will ” “should ” “would ” “could” and other words and terms of similar meaning or the negative thereof. Such forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks  uncertainties and other important factors beyond Renault Group’ control that could cause the Renault Group’ actual results  performance or achievements to be materially different from the expected results  performance or achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. These risks and uncertainties include those discussed or identified under Chapter 4 of the Universal Registration Document of Renault Group  filed with the French Autorité des marchés financiers (AMF) on 24 March 2022 and available on the Company’s website (www.renaultgroup.com) and the AMF’s website (www.amf-france.org). Such forward-looking statements are based on numerous assumptions regarding Renault Group’ present and future business strategies and the environment in which it will operate in the future. Accordingly  readers of this press release are cautioned against relying on these forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are made as of the date of this press release. In addition  the forward-looking financial information included in this press release has not been audited by Renault Group’s statutory auditors.This press release does not contain or constitute an offer of securities for sale or an invitation or inducement to invest in securities in France  the United States or any other jurisdiction.Attachment",neutral,0.15,0.84,0.01,positive,0.71,0.26,0.03,True,English,"['Renault Group', 'Renaulution', 'Revolution', 'high-end zero-emission global brand', 'battery recycling Po wer', 'Shareholders’ General Meeting approval', 'up to 35% payout ratio', 'investment grade rating Ambition', 'leading worldwide Tier 1 supplier', 'D efined V ehicle', 'potential strategic cornerstone investors', 'Next Gen automotive company', 'innovative low emissions ICE', 'leading powertrain technology company', 'Renault Group CMD PR_Renaulution', 'leading financial services company', 'new automotive value chains', 'first 360° circular economy company', 'R&D assets', 'unique asset-light model', '2 major tech players', 'Centralized Electronic Architecture', 'end operations monitoring', 'data-driven fleet management', 'unexpected recovery plans', 'best product line-up', 'digital management platforms', 'F1 Team assets', 'new common culture', 'fast technological evolution', 'new value chains', 'open partnerships ecosystem', 'Solid financial outlook', 'mobility value chains', 'new mobility services', 'hybrid powertrain technologies', 'Light Commercial Vehicles', 'Software pure player', 'Renault LCV brands', 'Renault Group team', 'traditional core business', 'leading partners', 'data-based services', 'innovative organization', 'commercial partnerships', 'financial valuation', 'first priority', 'one team', 'hybrid vehicles', 'new era', 'new sign', 'new businesses', 'technological, manufacturing', 'investors support', 'traditional organizations', 'deep partnerships', 'mobility operators', 'automotive industry', 'value creation', 'electric vehicles', 'Press Release', 'Live conference', '00 Paris time', 'initial targets', 'third chapter', 'mobility industry', '5 focused businesses', 'racing pedigree', 'proprietary technologies', 'closed loop', 'dedicated organization', 'Horse project', 'Euronext Paris', 'strong majority', 'Qualcomm Technologies', 'game-changing technologies', 'S oftware', 'Car OS', 'software-defined family', 'disruptive concept', 'Operating margin', 'Free cash-flow', 'Dividend policy', 'disciplined manner', 'net income', 'parent share', 'key words', 'horizontal approach', 'first EV', 'The Future', 'future challenges', 'Renaulution plan', 'OEM disruption', 'market conditions', 'employees’ shareholding', 'full-fledged teams', 'simplified governance', 'future growth', 'Revolution', 'renaultgroup', 'resources', 'transformation', 'addition', 'Ampere', 'Alpine', 'Mobilize', 'energy', 'materials', 'Dacia', 'Geely', 'revenues', 'Day', 'IPO', 'Google', 'development', 'SDV', 'half', 'Europe', 'vans', 'FlexEVan', 'real-time', 'usage', 'Story', 'year', 'average', 'payment', '2022 FY', 'mid-term', 'return', 'announcements', 'determination', 'opportunities', 'fastest', 'decades', 'competition', 'agile', 'volatility', 'times', 'Speed', 'accountability', 'transparency', 'specialization', 'excellence', 'collaboration', 'silos', 'capital', 'cooperation', 'network', '9']",2022-11-08,2022-11-08,finance.yahoo.com
12883,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://seekingalpha.com/article/4554803-unilever-a-long-term-portfolio-stabilizer,Unilever: A Long-Term Portfolio Stabilizer (NYSE:UL),Unilever has managed itself well through this challenging operating environment  and is on track to emerge a much stronger company. See why UL stock is a Buy.,"JJFarquitectosUnilever PLC (NYSE:UL) is one of the largest consumer products companies in the world  with a market cap of ~$120B. The company’s shares trade both in Amsterdam as well as in London (where the company is headquartered). Unilever reports its earnings in euros  and U.S. investors can purchase NYSE listed shares under the ticker “UL.”Starting at the end of 2020  Unilever’s P/E ratio began to de-rate to below the 17.5x to 23x range the company had historically traded at since 2014. The decline in the stock’s P/E ratio seems to be the result of slowing growth  exacerbated by a global surge in commodities as rising input costs put pressure on the company’s margins. Additionally  the decline in the euro versus the dollar has dragged on the ADRs. The ADRs for UL are down 18.14% since 2020  while the Euronext traded shares are down just 0.32%. UL has underperformed the S&P 500 Consumer Staples Index and the MSCI World Consumer Staples Index by 30% and 19.1%  respectively. The Euronext listed shares have underperformed as well during this time frame.BloombergHistorically  up until the pandemic Unilever was a market outperformer. During the 10-year period between 1999 and 2009  the ADRs outperformed the S&P 500 (SP500) by ~11.2% on an annualized basis. While the stock underperformed the S&P 500  for a low-beta consumer staple during the longest period of economic expansion in modern historically the ADRs arguably did quite well  rising ~9.7% per annum while the S&P 500 returned 13.5% per annum.Unfortunately  since the end of 2020  Unilever stock has struggled even as the business continues to perform at or above management’s expectations. Given the 2-year underperformance  we believe today’s prices represent a solid entry point for Unilever stock.Business HighlightsEPS Growth/VolatilityAs a consumer staples company  Unilever grows at a slower rate than the market  but also has significantly less earnings volatility. The company is a “portfolio stabilizer” that has shown an ability to beat the market over a long-time horizon. Adj. EPS has gone from €0.72 in 2001 to €2.65 in 2021  which represents a 6.7% CAGR over a 20-year period. During this time frame  the ADRs returned 9.2% annually  just slightly below the S&P 500’s 9.5% annualized return.Unilever tends to outperform during times of market distress because Unilever’s earnings are much less volatile than the typical S&P 500 company. The standard deviation of the Unilever’s EPS growth rates over the last 10 years is 9.1%  versus 19.3% for the S&P 500. Put another way  over the last 10 years  ~66% of the time Unilever’s EPS growth has been above or below its average EPS growth rate by 9.1%. A prime example is 2020  where the S&P 500’s EPS fell 20%  while Unilever’s EPS fell just 1.2%.Long-Term Growth ProspectsThe consumer products industry is mature  but it contains sub-segments of significant growth. For example  Estee Lauder (EL) derives ~50% of its revenues from skin care products that are typically high-end products designed to prevent aging. The market for skin care products has exploded over the last few years  and EL is now growing their skin care business in the high teens/low twenties percent range. EL’s exposure to this high growth category has earned it a sector leading P/E ratio of 34x.Unilever has invested in high growth areas within the consumer products category  which are expected to be significant contributors to growth over the long term. However  in general  large consumer products companies will typically grow their top line at GDP+ type rates.Sustainable Competitive AdvantagesAs a global multi-billion-dollar consumer products company  Unilever’s distribution  supply chain  and sales network  would take a significant amount of time and capital to replicate. This is often why smaller consumer products companies  once having reached a certain size  will typically sell themselves to the big companies. Brand value and loyalty is also built up over years and arguably decades.Low Capital RequirementsUnilever requires very little investment to fund its growth. Capital expenditures have averaged just 2.6% of revenues over the last 5 years.Portions of R&D expense run through the income statement for accounting purposes  but we consider these expenses an investment in the company. R&D expenses are also a small percentage of sales  averaging just 1.5% of revenues over the last 5 years.Conservative Financial PoliciesUnilever has a high-quality balance sheet with a net debt to EBITDA ratio of 2.6x on a trailing-12-month basis. The company’s interest coverage ratio (EBIT/Net interest expense) is ~14x on a T12M basis.The company has an A+ issuer rating credit rating from S&P and an A1 rating from Moody’s.Management TeamUnilever’s CEO  Alan Jope  has been with the company since 1985. Prior to becoming CEO in 2019  he was the President of Unilever’s largest division  Beauty & Personal Care. Under his leadership  the Beauty & Personal care division averaged organic growth of 3.6% and expanded its operating margins 180bps.Investors have largely criticized him  as the stock has significantly underperformed the MSCI World Consumer Staples Index since he took over. This prompted activist investor Nelson Peltz to step in and take a stake in the company. Peltz joined the board in July. Since that time  Mr. Jope has announced he would be retiring at the end of 2023. News reports have surfaced that Peltz has been actively seeking his replacement. Given Peltz’s success at P&G (the stock doubled between the time he joined the board and when he left in August of this year) that largely involved a management shake-up  Peltz seems to be the right guy to get the business on track for strong performance in the future.CapitalizationAuthorManagement announced a share buyback program at the end of Q1 of €3bn. The company completed its first €750 tranche in July  and the company expects to complete another €750 tranche by December of this year.ThesisUnilever bears have largely been in control for the past 2 years  as the U.S. ADR are down 14% from year-end 2020 levels. The company’s forward P/E ratio is now more than 1 standard deviation below the company’s 10-year average.Unilever is successfully implementing price increases to offset a significant portion of the input cost inflation it has been facing. While increasing prices has dampened volume growth  investors have underappreciated Unilever’s pricing power as organic growth is strongly positive.Input commodity prices have already started to reduce the strain on the company’s profitability. It is likely that household product inflation is fairly sticky  which should translate into the company achieving higher margins as input cost inflation comes down and the company maintains its price increases.The depreciation of the euro has provided a tailwind to financial performance  but has punished U.S. investors. The Fed has given mixed signals about the path of monetary policy moving forward  but any moves to reduce the tightness of U.S. monetary policy should cause the USD to weaken against the euro and would help boost performance of the ADRs.We forecast EPS will be down ~1.8% in 2022  but to grow in the high single digits in 2023 and 2024. As fundamentals improve and the company shows an ability to offset inflationary pressures  we see the ADRs re-rating back to ~19.8x  which represents upside potential of 25% over the next 12-18 months.Our bear case scenario is that margin compression continues and whereby earnings remain flat. In this scenario we see the ADRs trading around 15x earnings  which would be down ~15% including dividends.Overall  we like the risk/reward for UL stock. Unilever may not be a market-beating name in a loose monetary regime  but long-term consumer staples with well-managed  strong brands can generate solid returns for years.BusinessFounded when Margarine Unie and Lever Brothers merged in 1929  Unilever is one of the largest consumer products companies in the world. The company’s early days focused on animal fat products  such as butter and margarine  and personal care products such as soap. Throughout the 20th century  the company expanded into several other consumer products areas largely through acquisition.Today  Unilever generates ~€55bln in annual sales  owns over 400 brands  employs 149k people  and has products available in over 190 countries. Overall  the company targets underlying organic sales growth of 3% to 5% over the long term.Unilever’s business strategy is guided by five strategic pillars. The company looks to achieve these goals through organic and inorganic initiatives. The goals are:Develop the company’s portfolio into high growth spacesWin with the company’s brands as a force for good  powered by purpose & innovationAccelerate in the USA  India  China  and leverage EM strengthLead in the channels of the futureBuild a purpose-led  future-fit organization and growth culture.Unilever updated its operating segments in September of 2022 to be a more category focused. The company reports in five segments: Beauty & Wellbeing  Personal Care  Home Care  Nutrition  and Ice Cream.Beauty & Wellbeing is the company’s 3rd largest  but fastest growing  segment. The business line includes brands such as Dove  Sunsilk  Vaseline  and Liquid I.V. This business segment is a mid-single digit grower  with operating margins in the low 20% range. Inside of this segment is a ~€1.0bn Prestige Beauty business growing double-digits organically. This business competes with the likes of Estee Lauder and L’Oreal (LRLCF  LRLCY)  which are the darlings of the consumer products space.Personal Care is another strong performer  with ~€11.7B in sales. This segment includes brands such as Dove  Rexona  Lux  and Axe. This segment grows organically in the 2-5% range  but has been growing faster in recent periods as management has been raising prices aggressively within this segment. While margins were in in the first half of 2022  historically margins in this segment have been strong in the high-teens low 20% range.Unilever’s Home Care is ~€11B in sales  and has a been growing organically in the mid-single to high-single digit range for several quarters in a row. However  this is a significantly more competitive industry. As a result  operating margins are in the low-double digits range. Popular brands in this segment include OMO  Sunlight  Comfort and Seventh Generation.Finally  Unilever has a Nutrition and an Ice Cream segment. Brands in the Nutrition segment include Knorr  Hellmann’s  and Red Lable  while the Ice Cream segment includes Ben & Jerry’s  Magnum  and Breyers. These segments have historically struggled to grow much more than 4 or 5% at the most. Organic sales have jumped in recent quarters as the company has increased prices in the mid-to-high-single-digit range. Margins in the company’s Nutrition segment are in the mid-teens while the Ice Cream segment’s margins are in the low-double digit range.Here is a segment breakdown:Company FilingsRevenue and earnings are geographically diversified  with 60% of revenues coming from higher growth emerging markets.Company FilingsKey growth markets for the company are the U.S.  India  and China. Today  these countries represent ~€9bn  ~€5bn  and ~€3bn of sales  respectively.M&AUnilever is active with its portfolio management  as the company has executed approximately €14.5bln in M&A and divested €8.1bn of brands since 2015. The company has been pretty quiet recently as management has been largely focused on improving business fundamentals.The most recent major acquisition was a €5.2bn purchase of a health food and drinks business primarily focused on Asian markets called Horlicks from GlaxoSmithKline. The business has grown at double-digit rates over the last 15 years. The transaction was immediately accretive to EPS even though Unilever paid 20x post synergy EBTIDA. The primary rationale for the deal was to increase Unilever’s presence in health-food categories and high growth emerging markets.Focused on portfolio development and growth  Unilever is willing to divest underperforming businesses. At the end of 2017 the company announced it sold its spreads business  which included brands such as Becel  Flora  Country Crock  and Blue Band  to KKR for €6.825bn. The spreads business was very profitable but faced secular decline issues as people eat less bread and margarine. The company sold the business for somewhere between 9x and 10x EBITDA returning the proceeds to investors via €6bn in buybacks during 2018.The company just recently divested its Tea business to CVC advisers for €4.5bln in July of 2022.Fighting InflationGlobal inflation has taken center stage in financial markets as economies deal with supply disruptions in the face of a faster than expected rebound in demand for goods.Several commodities used in Unilever’s products have seen significant prices increases versus their pre-pandemic levels. Rising prices have created a challenging operating environment for the company.Bloomberg  Author's spreadsheet-Author’s Graph. Data obtained from Bloomberg.During Unilever’s 3rd quarter of 2022  the company raised prices 12.5% to offset the cost inflation the company has experienced. That was the 2nd quarter in a row the company raised prices by double digit percentages. Volumes declined just 1.6% in the most recent quarter translated into consolidated underlying sales growth of 10.6%. That is the highest organic sales growth rate for the company going back as far as we have data for. The subdued volume declines in the face of significantly higher pricing shows that Unilever likely has some strong pricing power that it can use to maintain its margins.While it is different across different economies  overall  we believe that consumers are in fairly good shape and have a more inflationary mindset. U.S. consumer seem to have significant excess savings that is providing a buffer during the historic level of inflation the economy has experience. Consumers seem to be less sensitive to price increases than they were during the previous decade.In addition to price increases  management has leveraged its savings programs  buying efficiencies  and productivity programs harder than ever to fight off inflation. Buying efficiencies alone offset roughly half of the market level inflation.Overall  we are confident that Unilever can manage its way through this period of input cost inflation without seeing major margin degradation nor damaging the long-term health of the business.Recently  many of Unilever’s major input commodities have seen their prices changes moderate in recent months if not begin to decline. A weakening global economy and normalizing supply chains have been the main driver behind the changes. While it is hard to predict the direction of commodity prices  Unilever has managed to work its way through these challenges relatively successfully.Below is an analysis of the how the company’s volume growth changes for a change in prices. This analysis shows that price increases in the 5% to 6% range will result in lower volumes (which we’ve already witnessed in 2022)  but should still be accretive to organic growth. Elasticities have been even better than this analysis showed  as the company has raised prices by double-digits the last two quarters and volume declines have been less than what the model would have predicted.Company filings  author's spreadsheetManagementUnilever CEO  Alan Jope  has been in charge since January 2019. He announced his intent to retire at the end of 2023. While he took over Unilever during a challenging time for global staples companies  his relative performance has been sub-optimal. Nelson Peltz’s decision to join the board has likely played a role in Mr. Jope’s departure. Unilever in recent quarters has been very aggressive in protecting margins and market share  which have translated into decent stock price performance.It has been reported that Mr. Peltz has initiated the process to find Mr. Jope’s replacement. He was tasked with similar challenges when he took a stake in Proctor & Gamble (PG) a few years ago  and that was a great success story. Investing alongside Peltz seems like a sold bet.ModelWe’ve modeled for strong topline growth driven by high pricing in 2022  but we expect operating margins to fall 300bps y/y driven by higher input cost inflation. However  revenue growth should moderate to mid-single digits in 2023 and 2024  while operating margins begin to expand y/y. We see EPS falling 1.8% this year before growing high-single digits for the next couple of years as input costs come down and the company benefits from higher pricing.Company Filings  Author's Model Company Financials  Author's SpreadsheetsCompsWe believe comparing Unilever to companies across the subsectors in the consumer products industry is the most effective way to evaluate it versus peers. There is not one single company that overlaps all the categories Unilever competes in due to the company’s diverse portfolio of food  home care  and self-care products.Generally  the closest comps to the company are Henkel (HEN3 GY)  Danone (BN FP)  and Reckitt Benckiser (RKT LN). These three companies have diverse similar categories to Unilever and have similar growth and margin profiles.Bloomberg  Author's SpreadsheetWe performed regression analysis on peer companies’ growth profiles and their valuations. We derived an implied valuation based on this analysis and our analysis implied a forward P/E multiple of 20.4x and an EV/EBITDA multiple of 14.3x. These are in line with Unilever’s historical averages.Author Author Bloomberg  Company Filings  Author's Graph Bloomberg  Company Filings  Author's SpreadsheetValuationUsing a combination of Unilever’s historical multiples and the implied multiples from our comps analysis  on a forward P/E basis  we believe the ADR today is worth $60. This represents ~15% upside from current prices.We believe that this stock could provide cumulative total returns of 28% over the next 2 years. 20.3% of the return would come from price appreciation  while the remaining return would come from dividends.At these levels  we think that there is a significant margin of safety built into the stock  as the inflationary concerns are priced into the stock price at this point. We see the downside on the ADRs of $47.75 with one year of dividends protecting the downside to just 5%.An EV/EBITDA multiple yields similar results. We believe the implied multiple from our comps analysis was a bit too high  so we capped our upside case at 14.5x which is close to the highest the stock ever traded at. Our base case is slightly above the stock’s 10-year average EV/EBITDA multiple  and our downside is the stock returning to close to March 2020 valuations.Author's Model Author's ModelDue to the mature nature of Unilever’s business  a discounted cash flow (""DCF"") analysis is also a useful tool for deriving the value today. Using what we would consider to be highly conservative inputs  we derive an ADR value per share today of $53.42. This represents an upside of 15.3%.Author's ModelWe note that there is some element of a wait-and-see story here. The market clearly doesn’t believe that management can navigate through the challenging environment  and so earnings releases will play a key role in getting the stock back towards our target valuation.We confess that it is virtually impossible to predict commodity price movements  currency or consumer buying behavior with any degree of accuracy  so there is the risk of a sell-off on a quarterly earnings release. We would generally add more ADRs to our position in the low $40’s high $30s.RisksOur analysis of Unilever’s ability to preserve price increases and expand margins once input cost increases abate could be incorrect. This would likely result in slower futures earnings growth and this a lower stock multiple in the future.As a consumer staples stock  Unilever is generally viewed as an income oriented conservative investment. Consumer staples stocks generally have higher sensitivity to interest rates so a drastic move higher in long-term rates could potentially hurt the stock price.Management could poorly manage the company’s portfolio of brands. This would include failing to properly integrate an acquisition  paying too much for an acquisition  or disposing of an asset for too low of a price.Potential liability from consumer personal care products. We’ve seen this with J&J and their talc powder products. Generally speaking  these are safe products and lawsuits tend to be short-term issues.The company could fail to innovate and keep up with changing consumer tastes. This has been a major challenge for the entire industry as consumers have been in favor of products from smaller more nimble companies. Investing in the proper areas and releasing products that are attractive consumers are key to sustainable successful long-term business growth.ADR currency translation is another risk that has played out in recent months. Since Unilever is listed in Europe  a decline in the euro versus the dollar leads to a lower ADR value. However  if the euro strengthens this be really good for the ADRs.ConclusionUnilever is not the type of stock that is going to get you rich overnight  but we do believe that this is a great portfolio stabilizer. The stock can generate some relatively decent income (a 3.7% yield) with low volatility returns. In a risk off market  Unilever is likely to outperform like it has this year. Any reduction in interest rates or weakening USD would likely result in major upside for the ADRs. This would just be an extra boost on top of what we expect to be EPS growth for Unilever over the next couple of years.This article was submitted as part of Seeking Alpha’s Top Ex-US Stock Pick competition  which runs through November 7. This competition is open to all users and contributors; click here to find out more and submit your article today!",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.15,0.08,0.77,True,English,"['Long-Term Portfolio Stabilizer', 'Unilever', 'UL', 'high teens/low twenties percent range', 'A+ issuer rating credit rating', 'MSCI World Consumer Staples Index', 'S&P 500 Consumer Staples Index', 'global multi-billion-dollar consumer products company', '17.5x to 23x range', 'large consumer products companies', 'smaller consumer products companies', 'largest consumer products companies', 'The Euronext listed shares', 'average EPS growth rate', 'typical S&P 500 company', 'consumer products industry', 'consumer products category', 'consumer staples company', 'low-beta consumer staple', 'skin care products', 'rising input costs', 'solid entry point', 'GDP+ type rates', 'Sustainable Competitive Advantages', 'R&D expense', 'Conservative Financial Policies', 'high-quality balance sheet', 'EBIT/Net interest expense', 'high growth category', 'high growth areas', 'NYSE listed shares', 'U.S. investors', 'interest coverage ratio', 'Long-Term Growth Prospects', 'Low Capital Requirements', 'skin care business', 'Personal care division', 'leading P/E ratio', 'EPS growth rates', 'less earnings volatility', 'A1 rating', 'global surge', 'big companies', 'largest division', 'high-end products', 'slower rate', 'EBITDA ratio', 'significant growth', 'organic growth', 'Adj. EPS', '10-year period', 'annualized basis', 'longest period', 'economic expansion', '2-year underperformance', 'Business Highlights', 'portfolio stabilizer', 'long-time horizon', '20-year period', '9.5% annualized return', 'standard deviation', 'Estee Lauder', 'significant contributors', 'long term', 'top line', 'supply chain', 'significant amount', 'Brand value', 'Capital expenditures', 'income statement', 'accounting purposes', 'small percentage', 'net debt', 'trailing-12-month basis', 'T12M basis', 'Alan Jope', 'market cap', 'time frame', 'market outperformer', 'market distress', 'prime example', 'sales network', 'little investment', 'Management Team', 'operating margins', 'last 10 years', 'last 5 years', 'Unilever PLC', 'Unilever stock', 'expenses', 'JJFarquitectos', 'Amsterdam', 'London', 'euros', 'ticker', 'decline', 'result', 'commodities', 'pressure', 'ADRs', 'Bloomberg', 'pandemic', 'SP500', 'annum', 'expectations', 'prices', 'ability', '6.7% CAGR', 'times', 'sub-segments', 'EL', 'revenues', 'aging', 'exposure', 'sector', 'general', 'distribution', 'size', 'loyalty', 'decades', 'Portions', 'Moody', 'CEO', 'President', 'Beauty', 'leadership']",2022-11-08,2022-11-08,seekingalpha.com
12884,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2022/11/08/2551286/0/en/Cancellation-of-Euro-Shares-Held-in-Treasury.html,Cancellation of Euro Shares Held in Treasury,Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited (“the Company”)  a closed-ended investment company incorporated with limited liability under...,"Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited (“the Company”)a closed-ended investment company incorporated with limited liability under the laws of Guernsey with registration number 45582CANCELLATION OF EURO SHARES HELD IN TREASURYThe board of the Company has resolved with immediate effect to cancel 3 474 of the issued Euro shares  thereby reducing the number of outstanding issued Euro shares of the Company to 12 313 114 Euro shares.The total issued capital is 12 443 368 shares and the total number of voting rights is 12 443 368 and this is the denominator which shareholders should use for the purpose of calculating and notifying significant interests in the Company’s shares under the Act on Financial Supervision of the Authority for the Financial Markets (Wet op het financieel toezicht of the Stichting Autoriteit Financiële Markten).”8 November 2022For further information  please contact:B&G Investment Management LLP +44 20 3751 5400Emmanuel Gavaudan (London) +44 20 3751 5389François-Xavier Baud (Paris) +33 1 44 90 39 47www.bgholdingltd.comThe Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has received the necessary approval of the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and the States of Guernsey Policy Council. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.This is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Neither the Company nor BG Fund Plc has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that:all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results;the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; andif you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.Attachment",negative,0.0,0.08,0.92,negative,0.05,0.16,0.78,True,English,"['Euro Shares', 'Cancellation', 'Treasury', 'Stichting Autoriteit Financiële Markten', 'B&G Investment Management LLP', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'US Investment Company Act', 'BG Fund Plc', 'François-Xavier Baud', 'collective investment scheme', 'expert financial advice', 'other professional advice', 'Guernsey Policy Council', 'Gavaudan Holding Limited', 'UK Listing Authority', 'closed-ended investment company', 'US Securities Act', 'EURO SHARES HELD', 'Dutch Authority', 'US persons', 'investment performance', 'original investment', 'investment decision', 'Financial Markets', 'limited liability', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'immediate effect', 'voting rights', 'significant interests', 'financieel toezicht', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'Official List', 'main market', 'applicable law', 'public offering', '12,313,114 Euro shares', 'The Company', 'other jurisdiction', 'United States', 'registration number', 'The Shares', 'necessary approval', 'future results', 'listed securities', 'information purposes', 'total number', '12,443,368 shares', 'Boussard', 'laws', 'CANCELLATION', 'TREASURY', 'board', 'outstanding', 'capital', 'denominator', 'shareholders', 'Wet', 'November', 'Paris', 'article', 'conjunction', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', 'mind', 'risk', 'past', 'guarantee', 'BGHL', 'doubt', 'contents', 'communication', 'substitute', 'Attachment']",2022-11-08,2022-11-08,globenewswire.com
12885,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2022/11/08/2550912/0/en/Fertiglobe-Scatec-Orascom-Construction-and-The-Sovereign-Fund-of-Egypt-start-commissioning-of-Egypt-Green-Africa-s-first-integrated-green-hydrogen-plant-during-UN-Climate-summit.html,Fertiglobe  Scatec  Orascom Construction and The Sovereign Fund of Egypt start commissioning of “Egypt Green”  Africa’s first integrated green hydrogen plant  during UN Climate summit,Sharm El Sheikh  Egypt  8 November 2022        Today marks the start of the commissioning of the first phase of the green hydrogen plant in Ain Sokhna ......,"Sharm El Sheikh  Egypt  8 November 2022Today marks the start of the commissioning of the first phase of the green hydrogen plant in Ain Sokhna  Egypt  during an event at COP27 attended by Egyptian President  Abdel Fattah El-Sisi and the Norwegian Prime Minister  Jonas Gahr Støre.The facility is the first integrated green hydrogen plant in Africa  and when fully developed will consist of 100 MW of electrolyzers  powered by 260 MW of solar and wind.The facility will deliver up to approximately 15 000 tons of green hydrogen as feedstock for production of up to 90 000 tons of green ammonia per year in Fertiglobe’s existing ammonia plants.The consortium is in the process of finalizing engineering and technology choices for the full-scale plant and the partners aim to reach Final Investment Decision (FID) on the facility in 2023.Currently testing the first and largest PEM electrolyzer in Africa for the first phase of the project.Egypt Green  which is owned  built  and operated by Fertiglobe (ADX: FERTIGLB  the strategic partnership between OCI N.V. (Euronext: OCI) and ADNOC)  Scatec ASA (OSE: SCATC)  Orascom Construction (NASDAQ Dubai: OC: EGX: ORAS) and The Sovereign Fund of Egypt  marks an important milestone in the development of a green hydrogen ecosystem in Egypt and the broader African region.The launch of the hydrogen facility comes as world leaders gather for the United Nations COP 27 Climate Change Conference in Sharm El Sheikh  Egypt  where they seek to accelerate global climate action through emissions reduction. Unless we make sharp reductions in greenhouse gas emissions in the coming decades  global warming will exceed the Paris agreement’s goal of limiting temperature rise to 1.5 degrees Celsius.In order to secure affordable  accessible and sustainable energy security for future generations an accelerated shift to renewable energy and lower carbon intensity fuels is required. Green hydrogen  which is produced from water using renewable energy sources  has the potential to play a significant role in decarbonizing hard to abate sectors  such as heavy industries and global shipping.Ain Sokhna has a strategic position close to the Suez Canal Economic Zone with the possibility of using renewable electricity to develop an industrial hub near global shipping lanes.Fertiglobe has a strong global network through its shareholders OCI N.V. and ADNOC and is an early mover in hydrogen and low carbon ammonia. The hydrogen tie-ins for up to 100 MW of electrolysis have already been installed at Fertiglobe’s two existing ammonia plants in Ain Sokhna.The project is being built by Orascom Construction using Egyptian engineers and state of the art technology.Terje Pilskog  CEO of co-owner and leading renewable power producer Scatec said:“Today marks a key milestone for Scatec  but more importantly  it represents a breakthrough for green hydrogen production in a strategically situated region. It is an honour to work together with Egyptian authorities and our industrial partners on this project and commence the commissioning of the green hydrogen project in Egypt during the UN world leader's climate summit. We see a massive green hydrogen demand driven by strong policy support globally  and Africa is perfectly positioned to take advantage of its low-cost renewables and strategic position.”His Excellency Dr. Sultan Al Jaber  Minister of Industry and Advanced Technology  UAE Special Envoy for Climate Change and chairman of co-owner Fertiglobe  said:“The commissioning of ‘Egypt Green’ marks another important step in the journey to unlock the potential of hydrogen and its carrier fuels. As the world meets in Sharm el Sheikh for COP 27  this project represents a practical response to the need to meet rising energy demand with minimum emissions. The first integrated green hydrogen plant in Africa  delivered in record time  shows what can be achieved when we collaborate around a shared ambition. Fertiglobe will continue to leverage its knowledge and experience in hydrogen and ammonia  to make low and zero carbon fuels more available  as the world seeks a realistic pathway to a decarbonized energy system.”Nassef Sawiris  Executive Chair of OCI N.V. and Executive Vice Chair of co-owner Fertiglobe said:“We are pleased with the launch of the first tangible project of its kind and the first integrated green hydrogen plant in Africa. It is a true milestone that puts Egypt and Africa firmly on the map as one of the best places in the world to develop a green hydrogen hub  thanks to available land  abundant renewable energy sources  the significant pool of skilled labor  and our location on global cross-roads. We are pleased to have been able to show leadership developing a green ammonia production platform in such a short time frame  something that has not been achieved elsewhere. We could not have done this without the support of in particular the Egyptian government or without the collaboration with our industrial partners. We look forward to seeing the positive impact this project can have for the world.”Ahmed El-Hoshy  CEO of OCI N.V. and co-owner Fertiglobe said:“This project is a significant further step towards our global decarbonization strategy and an exciting milestone for Fertiglobe  as it marks the first of many stages in the execution on our hydrogen roadmap. Adding the electrolyzer to our state-of-the-art ammonia facilities and infrastructure in Egypt  we are fully leveraging our existing ammonia production and global distribution infrastructure  including OCI’s Port of Rotterdam ammonia import terminal. We aim to meet the increasing demand for large-scale low-carbon hydrogen and ammonia  as the need for more sustainable energy sources becomes more urgent. Together with our partners in the project we are acting on this need and bringing the hydrogen future to life.”Osama Bishai  CEO of co-owner Orascom Construction said:""The project brings together world class partners that collectively set an ambitious goal to form a new hydrogen hub out of Egypt  thus creating a new sustainable industry. So many variables went into making this phase come to life. This project would not have been possible without the support of the Egyptian government and a number of ministries  who by working closely with the consortium  were able to provide immense support that was integral to the swift delivery of the first phase of ‘Egypt Green’. I am also proud of our teams on the ground who worked tirelessly to commission the first phase of this project  consequently  making this launch possible. This state-of-the-art project  which implements the latest hydrogen technology  is built by Egyptian engineers on Egyptian soil. We are delighted to embark on a journey that plays an important role in the sustainable industrial development of Egypt.""Ayman Soliman  CEO of The Sovereign Fund of Egypt said:“This project is a showcase of transitioning from pledges to implementation  delivering on Egypt’s promise to the world to create a regional hub for green energy and transforming the Suez Canal into a green corridor. We are setting a precedent with our foreign and local partners from the private sector by establishing the first integrated green hydrogen plant in Africa and Emerging Markets that caters to the growing demand for clean energy. It is a moment of pride that we will build on for future generations. Our pipeline of projects in the green energy field capitalizes on Egypt’s ideal location with its unique renewables profile and proximity to markets with renewables deficits to realize our shared goal of emissions reduction.""NotesAbout OCI N.V.OCI N.V. (Euronext: OCI) is a leading global producer and distributor of hydrogen products providing low carbon fertilizers  fuels  and feedstock to agricultural  transportation  and industrial customers around the world. OCI’s production capacity spans four continents and comprises approximately 16.3 million metric tons per year of hydrogen products including nitrogen fertilizers  methanol  biofuels  diesel exhaust fluid  melamine  and other products. OCI has more than 3 850 employees  is headquartered in the Netherlands and listed on Euronext in Amsterdam. Learn more about OCI at www.oci.nl .About FertiglobeFertiglobe is the world’s largest seaborne exporter of urea and ammonia combined  and an early mover in clean ammonia. Fertiglobe’s production capacity comprises of 6.7 million tons of urea and merchant ammonia  produced at four subsidiaries in the UAE  Egypt and Algeria  making it the largest producer of nitrogen fertilizers in the Middle East and North Africa (MENA)  and benefits from direct access to six key ports and distribution hubs on the Mediterranean Sea  Red Sea  and the Arab Gulf. Headquartered in Abu Dhabi and incorporated in Abu Dhabi Global Market (ADGM)  Fertiglobe employs more than 2 600 employees and was formed as a strategic partnership between OCI N.V. (“OCI”) and the Abu Dhabi National Oil Company (“ADNOC”). Fertiglobe is listed on the Abu Dhabi Securities Exchange (“ADX”) under the symbol “FERTIGLB” and ISIN “AEF000901015. To find out more  visit: www.fertiglobe.comAbout ScatecScatec ASA is a leading renewable energy solutions provider  accelerating access to reliable and affordable clean energy in high growth markets. As a long-term player  we develop  build  own and operate renewable energy plants  with 4.6 GW in operation and under construction across four continents today. We are committed to growing our renewable energy capacity  delivered by our 700 passionate employees and partners who are driven by a common vision of ‘Improving our Future’. Scatec is headquartered in Oslo  Norway and listed on the Oslo Stock Exchange under the ticker symbol ‘SCATC’. To find out more visit www.scatec.comAbout Orascom Construction PLCOrascom Construction PLC is a leading global engineering and construction contractor primarily focused on infrastructure  industrial and high-end commercial projects in the Middle East  Africa  and the United States. The Group has consistently ranked among the world’s top contractors. Orascom Construction PLC also develops and invests in infrastructure opportunities  owns 50% of BESIX Group  and holds a construction materials  facility management and equipment services portfolio. For more information  please visit www.orascom.com .About the Sovereign Fund of EgyptThe Sovereign Fund of Egypt (TSFE) was established in 2018 to attract private investment to Egypt and promote and co-invest in state-owned assets to maximise their value and support the Egyptian economy. Independently managed by senior finance executives  TSFE selects investable assets from public stakeholders and co-invests in them with local and foreign partners. The fund’s mission is to increase the private sector’s role in the economy and create more jobs for Egypt’s young population. The fund operates under a special law which allows it to establish investment partnerships that offer unique opportunities for investors  to aid the government’s efforts to carry out structural reforms in various sectors and diversify Egypt’s growing economy. The fund adheres to best international practices in all areas  operating with transparent and flexible investment rules  which enable diverse co-investment structures and good governance in management. The fund is supervised by a board of directors and a general assembly with the majority of members coming from the private sector. TSFE was established by Law 177 in 2018. Its charter was issued by the Prime Minister’s Decision no. 555 in 2019. The fund is a member of the International Forum for Sovereign Wealth Funds. To find out more visit: www.tsfe.com",neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.79,0.06,0.14,True,English,"['first integrated green hydrogen plant', 'The Sovereign Fund', 'UN Climate summit', 'Egypt Green', 'Orascom Construction', 'Fertiglobe', 'Scatec', 'commissioning', 'Africa', 'His Excellency Dr. Sultan Al Jaber', 'United Nations COP 27 Climate Change Conference', 'first integrated green hydrogen plant', 'Jonas Gahr Støre', 'Suez Canal Economic Zone', 'leading renewable power producer', 'lower carbon intensity fuels', 'two existing ammonia plants', 'massive green hydrogen demand', 'abundant renewable energy sources', 'green ammonia production platform', 'rising energy demand', 'zero carbon fuels', 'green hydrogen ecosystem', 'Sharm El Sheikh', 'Abdel Fattah El-Sisi', 'Final Investment Decision', 'largest PEM electrolyzer', 'The Sovereign Fund', 'sustainable energy security', 'UAE Special Envoy', 'decarbonized energy system', 'global climate action', 'green hydrogen production', 'green hydrogen hub', 'OCI N.V.', 'strong global network', 'short time frame', 'greenhouse gas emissions', 'low carbon ammonia', 'Norwegian Prime Minister', 'broader African region', 'global shipping lanes', 'strong policy support', 'Executive Vice Chair', 'first tangible project', 'green hydrogen project', 'UN world leader', 'up to 100 MW', 'full-scale plant', 'first phase', 'climate summit', 'renewable electricity', 'carrier fuels', 'Executive Chair', 'hydrogen tie', 'global warming', 'industrial hub', 'record time', 'global cross-roads', 'Egypt Green', 'emissions reduction', 'minimum emissions', 'hydrogen facility', 'Ain Sokhna', 'Egyptian President', 'to 90,000 tons', 'technology choices', 'strategic partnership', 'Orascom Construction', 'NASDAQ Dubai', 'important milestone', 'sharp reductions', 'coming decades', 'Paris agreement', 'temperature rise', '1.5 degrees Celsius', 'affordable, accessible', 'future generations', 'accelerated shift', 'significant role', 'heavy industries', 'strategic position', 'early mover', 'Egyptian engineers', 'art technology', 'Terje Pilskog', 'key milestone', 'Egyptian authorities', 'low-cost renewables', 'Advanced Technology', 'important step', 'practical response', 'realistic pathway', 'Nassef Sawiris', 'true milestone', 'best places', 'available land', 'significant pool', 'skilled labor', 'Egyptian government', 'positive impact', 'industrial partners', 'world leaders', 'owner Fertiglobe', '260 MW', '15,000 tons', 'start', 'commissioning', 'event', 'COP27', 'electrolyzers', 'solar', 'wind', 'feedstock', 'year', 'consortium', 'process', 'engineering', 'FID', 'ADX', 'FERTIGLB', 'Euronext', 'ADNOC', 'Scatec', 'ASA', 'OSE', 'SCATC', 'EGX', 'development', 'launch', 'goal', 'order', 'water', 'potential', 'sectors', 'possibility', 'shareholders', 'ins', 'electrolysis', 'state', 'CEO', 'Today', 'breakthrough', 'honour', 'advantage', 'Industry', 'chairman', 'journey', 'need', 'ambition', 'knowledge', 'experience', 'kind', 'map', 'location', 'leadership', 'something', 'collaboration']",2022-11-08,2022-11-08,globenewswire.com
12886,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20221107006169/en/GE-Announces-Launch-of-Debt-Tender-Offer,GE Announces Launch of Debt Tender Offer,BOSTON--(BUSINESS WIRE)--GE (NYSE:GE) announces for its own account (including as successor of General Electric Capital Corporation and General Electric Capital Services  Inc.) and on behalf of GE Capital International Funding Company Unlimited Company (forme…,BOSTON--(BUSINESS WIRE)--GE (NYSE:GE) announces for its own account (including as successor of General Electric Capital Corporation and General Electric Capital Services  Inc.) and on behalf of GE Capital International Funding Company Unlimited Company (formerly GE Capital International Funding Company)  GE Capital European Funding Unlimited Company (formerly GE Capital European Funding)  GE Capital UK Funding Unlimited Company (formerly GE Capital UK Funding)  GE Capital Funding  LLC  and Security Capital Group Incorporated (for its own account and as successor of SUSA Partnership  L.P.) (collectively  the “Subsidiary Issuers”) an offer to purchase for cash (such offer to purchase  the “Tender Offer”) up to $7 000 000 000 (as converted on the basis set forth herein) aggregate purchase price of the securities listed in the table below (such securities  the “Securities”) (excluding the accrued and unpaid interest on such Securities) (the “Total Maximum Amount”) issued by GE or an affiliate (and assumed or guaranteed by GE).Title of Security Security Identifier(s) Applicable Maturity Date Principal Amount Outstanding(thousands) Acceptance Priority Level Early Participation Amount(1)(2)(3) Fixed Spread Securities Fixed Price Securities Reference Treasury Security / Interpolated Rate Bloomberg Reference Page/Screen Fixed Spread (basis points)(2) Total Consideration(1)(3) 4.418% Notes due 2035*† CUSIPs: 36164NFH3 / 36164PFH8 /36164QNA2 ISINs: US36164NFH35 / US36164PFH82 /US36164QNA21 November 15  2035 $6 962 918 1 $50 2.750% UST due August 15  2032 FIT1 135 N/A 6.750% Notes due 2032†† CUSIP: 36962GXZ2 ISIN: US36962GXZ26 March 15  2032 $2 452 263 2 $50 2.750% UST due August 15  2032 FIT1 120 N/A 4.550% Notes due 2032††† CUSIP: 36166NAK9 ISIN: US36166NAK90 May 15  2032 $750 000 3 $50 2.750% UST due August 15  2032 FIT1 125 N/A 7.500% Notes due 2035**†††† CUSIP: 36959CAA6 ISIN: US36959CAA62 August 21  2035 $210 896 4 $50 2.750% UST due August 15  2032 FIT1 150 N/A 6.150% Notes due 2037†† CUSIP: 36962G3A0 ISIN: US36962G3A02 August 7  2037 $258 346 5 $50 2.750% UST due August 15  2032 FIT1 155 N/A 5.875% Notes due 2038†† CUSIP: 36962G3P7 ISIN: US36962G3P70 January 14  2038 $853 448 6 $50 3.375% UST due August 15  2042 FIT1 130 N/A 6.875% Notes due 2039†† CUSIP: 36962G4B7 ISIN: US36962G4B75 January 10  2039 $732 225 7 $50 3.375% UST due August 15  2042 FIT1 145 N/A 6.025% Notes due 2038***††††† CUSIP: — ISIN: XS0350890470 March 1  2038 €484 697 8 €50 March 2038 Interpolated Rate ICAE1 105 N/A 8.000% Notes due 2039***†††††† CUSIP: — ISIN: XS0408304995 January 14  2039 £80 222 9 £50 UKT 1.125% due January 31  2039 FIT GLT10-50 225 N/A 7.700% Notes due 2028††††††† CUSIP: 81413PAG0 ISIN: US81413PAG00 June 15  2028 $143 379 10 $50 4.125% UST due October 31  2027 FIT1 115 N/A 4.500% Notes due 2044 CUSIP: 369604BH5 ISIN: US369604BH58 March 11  2044 $532 813 11 $50 3.375% UST due August 15  2042 FIT1 125 N/A 7.500% Notes due 2027†††††††† CUSIP: 869049AE6 ISIN: US869049AE62 December 1  2027 $81 107 12 $50 4.125% UST due October 31  2027 FIT1 105 N/A 4.350% Notes due 2050 CUSIP: 369604BY8 ISIN: US369604BY81 May 1  2050 $438 866 13 $50 2.875% UST due May 15  2052 FIT1 140 N/A 5.625% Notes due 2031****†† CUSIP: — ISIN: XS0154681737 September 16  2031 £17 564 14 £50 UKT 0.250% due July 31  2031 FIT GLT0-10 185 N/A 5.375% Notes due 2040*****†† CUSIP: — ISIN: XS0182703743 December 18  2040 £46 474 15 £50 UKT 4.250% due December 7  2040 FIT GLT10-50 230 N/A 4.050% Notes due 2027††† CUSIP: 36166NAH6 ISIN: US36166NAH61 May 15  2027 $127 996 16 $50 4.125% UST due October 31  2027 FIT1 100 N/A 4.250% Notes due 2040 CUSIP: 369604BX0 ISIN: US369604BX09 May 1  2040 $82 635 17 $50 3.375% UST due August 15  2042 FIT1 125 N/A 4.125% Notes due 2035***†† CUSIP: — ISIN: XS0229567440 September 19  2035 €750 000 18 €50 September 2035 Interpolated Rate ICAE1 65 N/A 4.125% Notes due 2042 CUSIP: 369604BF9 ISIN: US369604BF92 October 9  2042 $249 604 19 $50 3.375% UST due August 15  2042 FIT1 125 N/A 4.400% Notes due 2030††† CUSIP: 36166NAJ2 ISIN: US36166NAJ28 May 15  2030 $94 480 20 $50 2.750% UST due August 15  2032 FIT1 120 N/A 3.450% Notes due 2025††† CUSIP: 36166NAG8 ISIN: US36166NAG88 May 15  2025 $297 434 21 $50 4.250% UST due October 15  2025 FIT1 65 N/A 3.625% Notes due 2030 CUSIP: 369604BW2 ISIN: US369604BW26 May 1  2030 $197 655 22 $50 2.750% UST due August 15  2032 FIT1 120 N/A 3.450% Notes due 2027 CUSIP: 369604BV4 ISIN: US369604BV43 May 1  2027 $179 937 23 $50 4.125% UST due October 31  2027 FIT1 100 N/A 4.875% Notes due 2037***†† CUSIP: — ISIN: XS0229561831 September 18  2037 £231 637 24 £50 UKT 1.750% due September 7  2037 FIT GLT10-50 205 N/A Floating Rate Notes due 2036†† CUSIP: 36962GX74 ISIN: US36962GX743 August 15  2036 $285 787 25 $50 N/A N/A N/A $827.50 Floating Rate Notes due 2026†† CUSIP: 36962GW75 ISIN: US36962GW752 May 5  2026 $901 687 26 $50 N/A N/A N/A $966.25 3.373% Notes due 2025**† CUSIPs: 36164NFG5 / 36164PFG0 /36164Q6M5 ISINs: US36164NFG51 / US36164PFG00 /US36164Q6M56 November 15  2025 $321 939 27 $50 4.250% UST due October 15  2025 FIT1 65 N/A 5.550% Notes due 2026†† CUSIP: 36962GT95 ISIN: US36962GT956 January 5  2026 $35 589 28 $50 4.125% UST due October 31  2027 FIT1 95 N/A 5.250% Notes due 2028*****†† CUSIP: — ISIN: XS0096298822 December 7  2028 £91 919 29 £50 UKT 1.625% due October 22  2028 FIT GLT0-10 190 N/A 3.650% Notes due 2032***††††† CUSIP: — ISIN: XS0816246077 August 23  2032 €290 000 30 €50 August 2032 Interpolated Rate ICAE1 75 N/A 5.875% Notes due 2033***†††††† CUSIP: — ISIN: XS0340495216 January 18  2033 £650 000 31 £50 UKT 0.875% due July 31  2033 FIT GLT10-50 165 N/A 2.125% Notes due 2037*†† CUSIP: — ISIN: XS1612543394 May 17  2037 €560 230 32 €50 May 2037 Interpolated Rate ICAE1 70 N/A 6.250% Notes due 2038***†††††† CUSIP: — ISIN: XS0361336356 May 5  2038 £52 302 33 £50 UKT 4.750% due December 7  2038 FIT GLT10-50 220 N/A 1.875% Notes due 2027* CUSIP: — ISIN: XS1238902057 May 28  2027 €466 901 34 €50 May 2027 Interpolated Rate ICAE1 30 N/A 1.500% Notes due 2029* CUSIP: — ISIN: XS1612543121 May 17  2029 €969 116 35 €50 May 2029 Interpolated Rate ICAE1 35 N/A Floating Rate Notes due 2029******††††† CUSIP: — ISIN: XS0223460592 June 29  2029 €104 411 36 €50 N/A N/A N/A €977.50 0.875% Notes due 2025* CUSIP: — ISIN: XS1612542826 May 17  2025 €772 822 37 €50 May 2025 Interpolated Rate ICAE1 0 N/A 4.625% Notes due 2027***††††† CUSIP: — ISIN: XS0288429532 February 22  2027 €279 800 38 €50 February 2027 Interpolated Rate ICAE1 25 N/A* Admitted to trading on the Regulated Market of Euronext Dublin.** Listed on the New York Stock Exchange.*** Admitted to trading on the Regulated Market of the London Stock Exchange.**** Admitted to trading on the Regulated Market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange.***** Admitted to trading on the Regulated Market of the London Stock Exchange and the Luxembourg Stock Exchange.****** Admitted to trading on the Regulated Market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and Euronext Dublin.† Issued by GE Capital International Funding Company Unlimited Company (formerly GE Capital International Funding Company).†† Originally issued by General Electric Capital Corporation.††† Issued by GE Capital Funding  LLC.†††† Originally issued by General Electric Capital Services  Inc.††††† Issued by GE Capital European Funding Unlimited Company (formerly GE Capital European Funding).†††††† Issued by GE Capital UK Funding Unlimited Company (formerly GE Capital UK Funding).††††††† Issued by Security Capital Group Incorporated.†††††††† Issued by Security Capital Group Incorporated (as successor to SUSA Partnership  L.P.).(1) Per $1 000  £1 000 or €1 000 principal amount.(2) The Total Consideration payable for each series of Fixed Spread Securities will be at a price per $1 000  £1 000 or €1 000 principal amount of such series of Fixed Spread Securities validly tendered on or prior to the Early Participation Date and accepted for purchase by GE  which is calculated using the applicable Fixed Spread  and when calculated in such a manner already includes the applicable Early Participation Amount. In addition  Holders whose Securities are accepted for purchase will also receive any Accrued Interest (as defined below) on such Securities. Holders of Securities that are validly tendered after the Early Participation Date and at or before the Expiration Date and accepted for purchase will receive only the applicable Late Tender Offer Consideration  which does not include the applicable Early Participation Amount  together with any Accrued Interest on such Securities.(3) The Total Consideration payable for each series of Fixed Price Securities will be at a fixed price per $1 000  £1 000 or €1 000 principal amount of such series of Fixed Price Securities validly tendered on or prior to the Early Participation Date and accepted for purchase by GE  as set forth above. In addition  Holders whose Securities are accepted for purchase will also receive any Accrued Interest on such Securities. Holders of Securities that are validly tendered after the Early Participation Date and at or before the Expiration Date and accepted for purchase will receive only the applicable Late Tender Offer Consideration  which does not include the applicable Early Participation Amount  together with any Accrued Interest on such Securities.The Tender Offer is made upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the offer to purchase  dated November 8  2022 (as it may be amended or supplemented from time to time  the “Offer to Purchase”). Capitalized terms used but not defined in this announcement have the meanings given to them in the Offer to Purchase.Copies of the Offer to Purchase are available from the Information and Tender Agent as set out below. All documentation relating to the Offer to Purchase  together with any updates will be available via the Offer Website: www.dfking.com/ge.Timetable for the Tender OfferEvent Date Commencement of the Tender Offer November 8  2022 Early Participation Date 5:00 p.m.  New York City time  on November 22  2022  unless extended by GE in its sole and absolute discretion. Withdrawal Date 5:00 p.m.  New York City time  on November 22  2022  unless extended by GE in its sole and absolute discretion. Reference Yield Determination Date 10:00 a.m.  New York City time  on November 23  2022  unless extended by GE in its sole and absolute discretion. Early Payment Date The Early Payment Date may occur  at GE’s sole and absolute discretion  following the Early Participation Date and prior to the Final Payment Date. Expiration Date 11:59 p.m.  New York City time  on December 7  2022  unless extended by GE or earlier terminated by GE  in each case  in its sole and absolute discretion. Final Payment Date The Final Payment Date will be promptly following the Expiration Date and is expected to be on or about December 8  2022.Purpose of the Tender OfferThe purpose of the Tender Offer is to purchase certain outstanding debt issued by GE or an affiliate (and assumed or guaranteed by GE) and to reduce GE’s leverage consistent with its previously announced plans. Securities that are accepted in the Tender Offer will be purchased  retired and cancelled and will no longer remain outstanding obligations of GE or any affiliate of GE.Details of the Tender OfferThe Tender Offer will expire at 11:59 p.m.  New York City time  on December 7  2022  unless extended or earlier terminated by GE in its sole and absolute discretion (such date and time  as the same may be extended  the “Expiration Date”). Securities tendered may be withdrawn at any time on or prior to 5:00 p.m.  New York City time  on November 22  2022  unless extended by GE in its sole and absolute discretion (such date and time  as the same may be extended  the “Withdrawal Date”)  but not thereafter.Securities validly tendered and not validly withdrawn pursuant to the Tender Offer and accepted for purchase by GE will be accepted for purchase based on the acceptance priority levels set forth in the table above (the “Acceptance Priority Levels”)  subject to the limitation that the maximum aggregate purchase price to be paid for the Securities in the Tender Offer (excluding the accrued and unpaid interest on the Securities) will not exceed the Total Maximum Amount  and may be subject to proration  all as more fully described herein and in the Offer to Purchase.A separate instruction must be submitted for each beneficial owner of Securities due to possible proration.Holders (the “Holders”) of Securities that are validly tendered at or before 5:00 p.m.  New York City time  on November 22  2022  unless extended by GE (such date and time  as the same may be extended  the “Early Participation Date”)  and not subsequently validly withdrawn  and accepted for purchase will receive the applicable Total Consideration (as defined below) for their Securities  which includes the applicable early participation amount for the applicable series of Securities set forth in the table above (the applicable “Early Participation Amount”)  together with any accrued and unpaid interest on the Securities from  and including  the most recent interest payment date prior to the applicable Payment Date up to  but not including  the applicable Payment Date (“Accrued Interest”). Subject to the terms and conditions described in herein and in the Offer to Purchase  including the Total Maximum Amount  the Acceptance Priority Levels and the proration procedures  Holders of Securities that are validly tendered after the Early Participation Date and at or before the Expiration Date and are accepted for purchase will receive only the applicable “Late Tender Offer Consideration ” which consists of the applicable Total Consideration minus the applicable Early Participation Amount  for each $1 000  £1 000 or €1 000 principal amount of such tendered Securities  plus any Accrued Interest. The applicable Total Consideration and the Late Tender Offer Consideration will be payable in cash.The Tender Offer is subject to certain conditions  including the Financing Condition. Subject to GE’s right to terminate the Tender Offer  and subject to the Total Maximum Amount  the Acceptance Priority Levels and proration  GE will purchase the Securities that have been validly tendered (and not subsequently validly withdrawn) at or before the Expiration Date  subject to all conditions to the Tender Offer having been satisfied or waived by GE promptly following the Expiration Date (the date of such purchase  which is expected to be the first business day following the Expiration Date  the “Final Payment Date”). GE reserves the right  but is not obligated  in its sole and absolute discretion  to purchase the Securities that have been validly tendered (and not subsequently validly withdrawn) at or before the Early Participation Date or following the Early Participation Date but prior to the Expiration Date  subject to all conditions to the Tender Offer having been satisfied or waived by GE (the date of such purchase  the “Early Payment Date” and together with the Final Payment Date  each a “Payment Date”).The Securities accepted for purchase will be accepted in accordance with their Acceptance Priority Levels (with 1 being the highest Acceptance Priority Level and 38 being the lowest Acceptance Priority Level)  subject to the limitation that the overall aggregate purchase price to be paid for the Securities in the Tender Offer (excluding the accrued and unpaid interest on the Securities) will not exceed the Total Maximum Amount.Securities validly tendered and not validly withdrawn on or before the Early Participation Date having a higher Acceptance Priority Level will be accepted before any Securities validly tendered and not validly withdrawn on or before the Early Participation Date having a lower Acceptance Priority Level are accepted in the Tender Offer  and all Securities validly tendered after the Early Participation Date having a higher Acceptance Priority Level will be accepted before any Securities tendered after the Early Participation Date having a lower Acceptance Priority Level are accepted in the Tender Offer  in each case subject to the Total Maximum Amount. Securities validly tendered and not validly withdrawn on or before the Early Participation Date will be accepted for purchase in priority to other Securities tendered after the Early Participation Date  even if such Securities tendered after the Early Participation Date have a higher Acceptance Priority Level than Securities tendered on or before the Early Participation Date. Furthermore  if the amount of Securities validly tendered and not validly withdrawn prior to or at the Early Participation Date exceeds the Total Maximum Amount  Holders who validly tender Securities in the Tender Offer after the Early Participation Date will not have any of their Securities accepted for purchase regardless of the Acceptance Priority Level of such Securities unless GE increases the Total Maximum Amount.GE reserves the right  in its sole and absolute discretion and in accordance with applicable law  to waive or modify any one or more of the conditions to the Tender Offer in whole or in part at any time on or prior to the date that any Securities are first accepted for purchase or to (i) increase the Total Maximum Amount or (ii) decrease the Total Maximum Amount. Any such increase or decrease may be made on the basis of Securities validly tendered through the Early Participation Date and promptly announced on the business day immediately following the Early Participation Date. Any such increase or decrease may be made without extending the Withdrawal Date or otherwise reinstating withdrawal rights  except as required by applicable law.If GE exercises its right  in its sole and absolute discretion  to purchase the Securities on an Early Payment Date and  on such Early Payment Date  or on the Final Payment Date  if there are sufficient remaining funds to purchase some  but not all  of the remaining tendered Securities in any Acceptance Priority Level without exceeding the Total Maximum Amount  GE will accept for payment such tendered Securities on a prorated basis  with the proration factor for such Acceptance Priority Level depending on the aggregate principal amount (converted into U.S. Dollars where applicable as described above) of Securities of such Acceptance Priority Level validly tendered.The “Total Consideration” payable for each series of Fixed Spread Securities will be a price per $1 000  £1 000 or €1 000 principal amount of such series of Fixed Spread Securities validly tendered pursuant to the Tender Offer on or prior to the Early Participation Date  and accepted for purchase by us (subject to the Acceptance Priority Levels  the Total Maximum Amount and proration  if any)  equal to an amount in the currency in which the applicable Securities are denominated  calculated in accordance with Schedule C-1  C-2 or C-3 to the Offer to Purchase  as applicable  that would reflect  as of the Early Payment Date or  to the extent GE does not exercise its right to purchase the Securities on such Early Payment Date  as of the Final Payment Date: (i) for each series of Fixed Spread Dollar Securities and Fixed Spread Sterling Securities  a yield to the applicable maturity date of such series of Securities equal to the sum (such sum being annualized in the case of the Fixed Spread Sterling Securities) of (a) the Reference Yield (as defined below) of the applicable Reference Security  determined at 10:00 a.m.  New York City time  on the first business day following the Early Participation Date (the “Reference Yield Determination Date”)  plus (b) the fixed spread applicable to such series  as set forth in the table above (the “Fixed Spread”); and  (ii) for each series of Fixed Spread Euro Securities  a yield to the applicable maturity date of such series of Securities equal to the sum of (a) the Reference Yield (corresponding to the applicable Interpolated Rate as set forth in the table above) determined at the Reference Yield Determination Date  plus (b) the applicable Fixed Spread for such series of Securities; in each case  minus accrued and unpaid interest on such Securities from  and including  the most recent interest payment date prior to the applicable Payment Date up to  but not including  such Payment Date. The applicable Total Consideration includes the Early Participation Amount for the applicable series of Fixed Spread Securities set forth in the table above.The “Total Consideration” payable for each series of Fixed Price Securities will be a price per $1 000  £1 000 or €1 000 principal amount of such series of Fixed Price Securities listed in the table above.The applicable Total Consideration includes the applicable Early Participation Amount for the applicable series of Fixed Price Securities.For further details on the procedures for tendering the Securities  please refer to the Offer to Purchase  including the procedures set out under the heading “The Tender Offer—Procedures for Tendering Securities” of the Offer to Purchase.GE has retained BofA Securities  Merrill Lynch International and Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC to act as the Global Coordinators and along with BNP Paribas Securities Corp.  Citigroup Global Markets Inc.  Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC and Goldman Sachs International to act as the Lead Dealer Managers  Deutsche Bank Securities Inc.  Deutsche Bank AG  London Branch  HSBC Securities (USA) Inc.  J.P. Morgan Securities LLC  Mizuho Securities USA LLC  MUFG Securities Americas Inc.  and SMBC Nikko Securities America  Inc. to act as the Senior Co-Dealer Managers  and Blaylock Van  LLC and Mischler Financial Group  Inc. to act as the Co-Dealer Managers in connection with the Tender Offer (collectively  the “Dealer Managers”). Questions regarding terms and conditions of the Tender Offer should be directed to BofA Securities at +1 (888) 292-0070 (toll free) or +1 (980) 683-3215 (collect)  to Merrill Lynch International at +44 20 7996 5420 (collect)  to Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC at +1 (800) 624-1808 (toll free)  +1 (212) 761-1057 (collect).D.F. King has been appointed the information and tender agent with respect to the Tender Offer (the “Information and Tender Agent”). The Offer to Purchase can be accessed at the Tender Offer website: http://www.dfking.com/ge. Questions or requests for assistance in connection with the tendering procedures for the Securities in the Tender Offer or for additional copies of the Offer to Purchase may be directed to the Information and Tender Agent at +1 (800) 714-3312 (toll free)  +1 (212) 269-5550 (collect)  +44 20 7920 9700 (London) or via e-mail at ge@dfking.com. You may also contact your broker  dealer  commercial bank or trust company or other nominee for assistance concerning the Tender Offer.GE reserves the right  in its sole discretion  not to purchase any Securities or to extend  re-open  withdraw or terminate the Tender Offer and to amend or waive any of the terms and conditions of the Tender Offer in any manner  subject to applicable laws and regulations.Holders are advised to read carefully the Offer to Purchase for full details of and information on the procedures for participating in the Tender Offer.Holders are advised to check with any custodian or nominee  or other intermediary through which they hold Securities  whether such entity would require the receipt of instructions to participate in  or notice of a revocation of their instruction to participate in  the Tender Offer before the deadlines specified above. The deadlines set by any custodian or nominee  or by the relevant Clearing System  for the submission and revocation of valid electronic tender and blocking instructions  in the form required by the relevant Clearing System  may be earlier than the relevant deadlines specified above.Unless stated otherwise  announcements in connection with the Tender Offer will be made available on GE’s website at www.genewsroom.com. Such announcements may also be made by (i) the issue of a press release and (ii) the delivery of notices to the Clearing Systems for communication to Direct Participants. Copies of all such announcements  press releases and notices can also be obtained from the Information and Tender Agent  the corresponding contact details for whom are set out above. Significant delays may be experienced where notices are delivered to the Clearing Systems and Holders are urged to contact the Information and Tender Agent for the relevant announcements relating to the Tender Offer. In addition  all documentation relating to the Tender Offer  together with any updates  will be available via the Offer Website: http://www.dfking.com/ge.DISCLAIMER This announcement must be read in conjunction with the Offer to Purchase. This announcement and the Offer to Purchase contain important information which should be read carefully before any decision is made with respect to the Tender Offer. If you are in any doubt as to the contents of this announcement or the Offer to Purchase or the action you should take  you are recommended to seek your own financial  legal and tax advice  including as to any tax consequences  immediately from your broker  bank manager  solicitor  accountant or other independent financial or legal adviser. Any individual or company whose Securities are held on its behalf by a broker  dealer  bank  custodian  trust company or other nominee or intermediary must contact such entity if it wishes to participate in the Tender Offer. None of GE  the Subsidiary Issuers  the Dealer Managers  the Information and Tender Agent or any of their respective directors  officers  employees  agents or affiliates makes any recommendation as to whether or not Holders should tender their Securities in the Tender Offer.None of GE  the Subsidiary Issuers  the Dealer Managers  the Information and Tender Agent or any of their respective directors  officers  employees  agents or affiliates assumes any responsibility for the accuracy or completeness of the information concerning GE  the Securities or the Tender Offer contained in this announcement or in the Offer to Purchase. None of GE  the Subsidiary Issuers  the Dealer Managers  the Information and Tender Agent or any of their respective directors  officers  employees  agents or affiliates is acting for any Holder  or will be responsible to any Holder for providing any protections which would be afforded to its clients or for providing advice in relation to the Tender Offer  and accordingly none of GE  the Subsidiary Issuers  the Dealer Managers  the Information and Tender Agent or any of their respective directors  officers  employees  agents or affiliates assumes any responsibility for any failure by GE to disclose information with regard to GE or the Securities which is material in the context of the Tender Offer and which is not otherwise publicly available.GeneralThis announcement is for informational purposes only. The Tender Offer is being made solely pursuant to the Offer to Purchase. Neither this announcement nor the Offer to Purchase  or the electronic transmission thereof  constitutes an offer to sell or buy Securities  as applicable  in any jurisdiction in which  or to or from any person to or from whom  it is unlawful to make such offer or solicitation under applicable securities laws or otherwise. The distribution of this announcement in certain jurisdictions may be restricted by law. In those jurisdictions where the securities  blue sky or other laws require the Tender Offer to be made by a licensed broker or dealer and the Dealer Managers or any of their respective affiliates is such a licensed broker or dealer in any such jurisdiction  the Tender Offer shall be deemed to be made by the Dealer Managers or such affiliate (as the case may be) on behalf of GE in such jurisdiction.No action has been or will be taken in any jurisdiction that would permit the possession  circulation or distribution of either this announcement  the Offer to Purchase or any material relating to GE  any subsidiary of GE or the Securities in any jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required. Accordingly  none of this announcement  the Offer to Purchase or any other offering material or advertisements in connection with the Tender Offer may be distributed or published  in or from any such country or jurisdiction  except in compliance with any applicable rules or regulations of any such country or jurisdiction.The distribution of this announcement and the Offer to Purchase in certain jurisdictions may be restricted by law. Persons into whose possession this announcement or the Offer to Purchase comes are required by GE  the Subsidiary Issuers  the Dealer Managers and the Information and Tender Agent to inform themselves about  and to observe  any such restrictions.This communication has not been approved by an authorized person for the purposes of Section 21 of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000  as amended (the “FSMA”). Accordingly  this communication is not being directed at persons within the United Kingdom save in circumstances where section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply.This announcement does not constitute an offer of securities to the public in any Member State of the European Economic Area (a “Relevant State”). In any Relevant State  this communication is only addressed to and is only directed at qualified investors within the meaning of Article 2(e) of the Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as amended or superseded) (the “Prospectus Regulation”) in that Relevant State. This announcement and information contained herein must not be acted on or relied upon by persons who are not qualified investors within the meaning of Article 2(e) of the Prospectus Regulation.In the United Kingdom  this communication is only addressed to and is only directed at qualified investors within the meaning of the Prospectus Regulation as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018  who are also: (i) persons falling within the definition of investment professionals (as defined in Article 19(5) of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Financial Promotion) Order 2005 (the “Financial Promotion Order”)); or (ii) high net worth entities  and other persons to whom it may otherwise lawfully be communicated  falling within Article 49(2)(a) to (d) of the Financial Promotion Order (such persons together being “relevant persons”). The Securities are only available to  and any invitation  offer or agreement to subscribe  purchase or otherwise acquire such Securities will be engaged in only with  relevant persons. Any person who is not a relevant person should not act or rely on this document or any of its contents.Each Holder participating in the Tender Offer will give certain representations in respect of the jurisdictions referred to above and generally as set out in the Offer to Purchase. Any tender of Securities pursuant to the Tender Offer from a Holder that is unable to make these representations will not be accepted. Each of GE  the Subsidiary Issuers  the Dealer Managers and the Information and Tender Agent reserves the right  in its absolute discretion  to investigate  in relation to any tender of Securities pursuant to the Tender Offer  whether any such representation given by a Holder is correct and  if such investigation is undertaken and as a result GE determines (for any reason) that such representation is not correct  such tender shall not be accepted.Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking StatementsThis announcement contains forward-looking statements – that is  statements related to future events that by their nature address matters that are  to different degrees  uncertain. For details on the uncertainties that may cause our actual future results to be materially different than those expressed in our forward-looking statements  including (1) the expected timing  size or other terms of the Tender Offer and GE’s ability to complete the Tender Offer; (2) our success in executing and completing asset dispositions or other transactions  including our planned spin-offs of GE HealthCare and our portfolio of energy businesses that are planned to be combined as GE Vernova (Renewable Energy  Power  Digital and Energy Financial Services)  and sales of our equity interests in Baker Hughes Company (Baker Hughes) and AerCap Holdings N.V. (AerCap) and our expected equity interest in GE HealthCare after its spin-off  the timing of closing for such transactions  the ability to satisfy closing conditions  and the expected proceeds  consideration and benefits to GE; (3) changes in macroeconomic and market conditions and market volatility  including impacts related to the COVID-19 pandemic  risk of recession  inflation  supply chain constraints or disruptions  rising interest rates  the value of securities and other financial assets (including our equity ownership positions in Baker Hughes and AerCap  and expected equity interest in GE HealthCare after its spin-off)  oil  natural gas and other commodity prices and exchange rates  and the impact of such changes and volatility on our business operations  financial results and financial position and (4) our de-leveraging and capital allocation plans  including with respect to actions to reduce our indebtedness  the capital structures of the three public companies that we plan to form from our businesses  the timing and amount of dividends  share repurchases  organic investments  and other priorities  see https://www.ge.com/investor-relations/important-forward-looking-statement-information  as well as our SEC filings. We do not undertake to update our forward-looking statements.About GEGE (NYSE:GE) rises to the challenge of building a world that works. For more than 130 years  GE has invented the future of industry  and today the company’s dedicated team  leading technology  and global reach and capabilities help the world work more efficiently  reliably  and safely. GE’s people are diverse and dedicated  operating with the highest level of integrity and focus to fulfill GE’s mission and deliver for its customers.,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.02,0.96,0.02,True,English,"['Debt Tender Offer', 'GE', 'Launch', 'GE Capital International Funding Company Unlimited Company', 'GE Capital European Funding Unlimited Company', 'GE Capital UK Funding Unlimited Company', 'Fixed Price Securities Reference Treasury Security', 'Applicable Maturity Date Principal Amount', 'Interpolated Rate Bloomberg Reference Page', 'General Electric Capital Corporation', 'General Electric Capital Services', 'GE Capital Funding', 'Security Capital Group', 'aggregate purchase price', 'Security Security Identifier', 'Interpolated Rate ICAE1', '50 205 N/A Floating Rate Notes', 'Screen Fixed Spread', 'Early Participation Amount', 'Total Maximum Amount', 'Fixed Spread Securities', 'Acceptance Priority Level', 'A N/A N/A', 'Total Consideration', 'BUSINESS WIRE', 'SUSA Partnership', 'L.P.', 'Subsidiary Issuers', 'FIT GLT10', 'basis points', '36164QNA2 ISINs', 'Tender Offer', '36166NAK9 ISIN', 'N/A 4.400% Notes', 'FIT1 100 N/A', '150 N/A', '155 N/A', '65 N/A', '3.373% Notes', '2042 FIT1', 'BOSTON', 'account', 'successor', 'Inc.', 'behalf', 'LLC', 'cash', 'table', 'interest', 'affiliate', 'Title', 'CUSIPs', 'March', 'August', 'January', 'October', 'May', 'July', 'UKT', 'December', 'September']",2022-11-08,2022-11-08,businesswire.com
12887,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2022/11/08/2550394/0/en/BioSenic-SA-provides-update-on-its-autoimmune-disease-platform-based-on-ATO-arsenic-trioxide.html,BioSenic SA provides update on its autoimmune disease platform based on ATO (arsenic trioxide),REGULATED INFORMATION  The autoimmune disease platform has completed a successful phase IIb trial targeting cGVHD (chronic Graft vs Host Disease)  with...,"English FrenchREGULATED INFORMATIONThe autoimmune disease platform has completed a successful phase IIb trial targeting cGVHD (chronic Graft vs Host Disease)  with a demonstrated efficacy of more than 75%Phase III is under preparation with expected accelerated examination by FDAOther indications should follow with wider market potential  including lupus and systemic sclerosisMont-Saint-Guibert  Belgium  November 8  2022  7am CET – BIOSENIC (Euronext Brussels and Paris: BIOS)  the company specialized in serious autoimmune /inflammatory diseases and cell repair  today announces an update on its systemic autoimmune disease platform  originally designed by Medsenic. The update follows the announcement of the merger between Bone Therapeutics and Medsenic  and the listing on Euronext Brussels and Paris.The BioSenic autoimmune platform has been constructed to target systemic autoimmune diseases using arsenic trioxide (ATO). This uses ATO’s first-in-class mechanism of action as an active anti-inflammatory and immunomodulatory agent.“Medsenic has developed its systemic autoimmune disease platform over a 12-year period to utilize the immunomodulation properties of arsenic trioxide. The properties of ATO as a small molecule are now well established ” said Prof. François Rieger  President and CEO of BioSenic. “Following the merger  BioSenic is now developing controlled dosages and new formulations that are adapted to a significant number of important indications with unmet medical needs. We are looking to demonstrate that arsenic can potentially cure and save lives. Combining both our platforms  ALLOB from Bone Therapeutics and the new ATO platform by Medsenic  BioSenic will trigger key value creation milestones during the first half of 2023.”The unique efficacy of ATO to create long-lasting remission of a rare cancer condition  acute promyelocytic leukemia (APL)  has been previously recognized by both FDA and EMA  with market approvals. BioSenic is now further actively clinically testing ATO as a main therapeutic asset for autoimmune diseases.There are two mechanisms of action of arsenic trioxide for counteracting autoimmunity and inflammatory chronic diseases. The first is a significant increase in oxidative stress of activated immune cells leading to their death. The second inhibits the synthesis and/or release of proinflammatory cytokines. By combining the mechanisms of action  inflammation and active autoimmunity is drastic decreased. These immunomodulatory properties have important and long-lasting effects on the immune pathology in a number of autoimmune diseases. This has been extensively previously demonstrated in adequate animal models by Medsenic and other organizations.BioSenic assets now comprise two platforms:The ALLOB MSC platform uses cells with immune privilege  anti-inflammatory properties and the ability to differentiate into bone tissues when injected into the specific bone sites to be regenerated or repaired. The phase IIb trial of ALLOB  a randomized  double-blind  placebo-controlled study in patients with high-risk tibial fractures  is still ongoing and set to report important interim results in H1 2023.The autoimmune disease platform using ATO has completed a phase IIb trial with positive results on safety and efficacy in 20 patients for cGVHD (chronic Graft vs Host Disease). A headline result for this corticosteroid-controlled trial was that patient’s corticosteroids levels decreased as soon as six weeks following the start of the treatment with ATO  to reach minimal levels.""Medsenic/BioSenic has recently completed a phase II study of Arsenic Trioxide in combination with corticosteroids as initial therapy for moderate-severe cGvHD. The promising response rates at six months justifies pursuing a phase III study  with a goal of broadening treatment options and reducing the overall morbidity of chronic GVHD in our transplant recipients "" said Prof. Corey Cutler  medical director of the Stem Cell Transplantation Program at Boston's Dana Farber Cancer Institute and Harvard Medical School. Dr. Cutler's field of expertise is Graft Versus Host Disease.The acquired clinical results and expected results from both platforms enable BioSenic to move forward into confirmatory Phase III studies prior to Market Access procedures with regulatory agencies in US and Europe.The phase III study of the autoimmune disease platform in cGvHD (Chronic Graft vs Host Disease) has been designed to reach the market as quickly as possible through the framework of an expedite 505b2 FDA regulatory pathway.In addition to cGVHD  BioSenic is also preparing a randomized placebo-controlled phase IIb study with ATO in Systemic Lupus Erythematosus. This disease has a high prevalence - the worldwide prevalence of SLE can reach 108 per 100 000 inhabitants and its incidence 5.14 per 100 000 inhabitants per year (Tian et al  2022  Ann Reum. Dis.). As a result  this disease is potentially a strategic target for BioSenic. In addition  promising preclinical data gathered by Medsenic has provided clinical data to support a phase II clinical trial with ATO targeting systemic sclerosis.As a result  BioSenic expects key value creation milestones in H1 2023 with the interim phase IIb results of ALLOB and the start of the phase III study with ATO in cGvHD. BioSenic will start the process to engage with industrial partners to co-develop late-stage clinical projects and to look at other segments of interest in autoimmune diseases and cancer.About BioSenicBioSenic is a leading biotech company specializing in the development of clinical assets issued from: (i)  the allogeneic cell therapy platform ALLOB and (ii) the Arsenic TriOxide (ATO) platform. Key target indications for the platforms include Graft versus Host Disease (GvHD)  Systemic lupus erythematosus (SLE)  Systemic Sclerosis (SSc) and high-risk tibial fractures.Following the merger in October 2022  BioSenic combines the strategic positionings and strengths of Medsenic and Bone Therapeutics. The merger also enables Biosenic to add to its innovative cell therapy platform and strong IP for tissue repair protection with an entirely new arsenal of various anti-inflammatory and anti-autoimmune formulations using the immunomodulatory properties of ATO/OATO.BioSenic is based in the Louvain-la-Neuve Science Park in Mont-Saint-Guibert  Belgium. Further information is available at http://www.biosenic.com.About BioSenic technology platformsBioSenic’s technology is based on:1) The allogeneic cell and gene therapy platform  developed by Bone Therapeutics with differentiated bone marrow sourced Mesenchymal Stromal Cells (MSCs) that can be stored at the point of use in hospitals. Its current investigational medicinal product  ALLOB  represents a unique  proprietary approach to organ repair and specifically to bone regeneration  by turning undifferentiated stromal cells from healthy donors into bone-forming cells on the site of injury. These cells are produced via a proprietary BioSenic scalable manufacturing process. Following the CTA approval by regulatory authorities in Europe  the Company has initiated patient recruitment for the Phase IIb clinical trial with ALLOB in patients with difficult tibial fractures  using its optimized production process. ALLOB continues to be evaluated for other orthopedic indications including spinal fusion  osteotomy  maxillofacial and dental  and should be of value in new indications when cells will be further adapted or transformed with additional targeting properties.2) The Arsenic TriOxide (ATO) platform developed by Medsenic. The immunomodulatory properties of ATO have demonstrated a double basic effect on cells of the immune system. The first effect is the increase of the cell oxidative stress in activated B  T or other cells of the innate/adaptative immune system to the point they will enter a cell death program (apoptosis) and be eliminated. The second effect is potent immunomodulatory properties on several pro-inflammatory cytokines involved in inflammatory or autoimmune cell pathways. One direct application is its use in onco-immunology to treat GvHD (Graft-versus-Host Disease) in its chronic  established stage. GvHD is one of the most common and clinically significant complications affecting long-term survival of allogeneic hematopoietic stem cell transplantation (allo-SCT). GvHD is primarily mediated by the transplanted immune system that can lead to severe multiorgan damage. Medsenic had been successful in a phase II trial with its intravenous formulation  allowing arsenic trioxide to be granted an orphan drug designation status by FDA and EMA and is heading towards an international Phase III confirmatory study  with a new  IP protected  oral (OATO) formulation.Moderate to Severe forms of Systemic Lupus erythematosus (SLE)° is another selected target  using the same oral formulation. ATO has shown good safety and significant clinical efficacy on several affected organs (skin  mucosae and the gastro-intestinal tract) in a phase IIa study.Systemic Sclerosis is  in addition  part of the clinical pipeline of BioSenic. Preclinical studies on pertinent animal models are positive. This gives good grounds to launch a phase II clinical protocol for this serious disease that badly affects skin  lungs or vascularization  and with no actual current effective treatment.For further information  please contact:BioSenic SAFrançois Rieger  PhD  Chief Executive OfficerTel: +33 (0)671 73 31 59investorrelations@biosenic.comFor Belgian Media and Investor Enquiries:BepublicBert BouserieTel: +32 (0)488 40 44 77bert.bouserie@bepublicgroup.beInternational Media Enquiries:IB CommunicationsNeil Hunter / Michelle BoxallTel: +44 (0)20 8943 4685neil.hunter@ibcomms.agency / michelle@ibcomms.agencyFor French Media and Investor Enquiries:NewCap Investor Relations & Financial CommunicationsPierre Laurent  Louis-Victor Delouvrier and Arthur RouilléTel: +33 (0)1 44 71 94 94bone@newcap.euCertain statements  beliefs and opinions in this press release are forward-looking  which reflect the Company or  as appropriate  the Company directors’ current expectations and projections about future events. By their nature  forward-looking statements involve a number of risks  uncertainties and assumptions that could cause actual results or events to differ materially from those expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. These risks  uncertainties and assumptions could adversely affect the outcome and financial effects of the plans and events described herein. A multitude of factors including  but not limited to  changes in demand  competition and technology  can cause actual events  performance or results to differ significantly from any anticipated development. Forward looking statements contained in this press release regarding past trends or activities should not be taken as a representation that such trends or activities will continue in the future. As a result  the Company expressly disclaims any obligation or undertaking to release any update or revisions to any forward-looking statements in this press release as a result of any change in expectations or any change in events  conditions  assumptions or circumstances on which these forward-looking statements are based. Neither the Company nor its advisers or representatives nor any of its subsidiary undertakings or any such person’s officers or employees guarantees that the assumptions underlying such forward-looking statements are free from errors nor does either accept any responsibility for the future accuracy of the forward-looking statements contained in this press release or the actual occurrence of the forecasted developments. You should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements  which speak only as of the date of this press release.",neutral,0.0,0.97,0.03,mixed,0.18,0.14,0.68,True,English,"['autoimmune disease platform', 'BioSenic SA', 'arsenic trioxide', 'update', 'ATO', 'expedite 505b2 FDA regulatory pathway', 'randomized placebo-controlled phase IIb study', 'randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled study', 'key value creation milestones', 'Prof. François Rieger', 'Dana Farber Cancer Institute', 'Stem Cell Transplantation Program', 'confirmatory Phase III studies', 'successful phase IIb trial', 'serious autoimmune /inflammatory diseases', 'The ALLOB MSC platform', 'systemic autoimmune disease platform', 'Graft Versus Host Disease', 'The BioSenic autoimmune platform', 'phase II study', 'phase III study', 'rare cancer condition', 'systemic autoimmune diseases', 'acute promyelocytic leukemia', 'main therapeutic asset', 'adequate animal models', 'high-risk tibial fractures', 'promising response rates', 'Prof. Corey Cutler', 'Tian et al', 'unmet medical needs', 'Harvard Medical School', 'promising preclinical data', 'wider market potential', 'specific bone sites', 'Market Access procedures', 'Systemic Lupus Erythematosus', 'new ATO platform', 'important interim results', 'regulatory agencies', 'systemic sclerosis', 'cell repair', 'corticosteroid-controlled trial', 'medical director', 'chronic diseases', 'chronic Graft', 'new formulations', 'Dr. Cutler', 'Bone Therapeutics', 'market approvals', 'bone tissues', 'English French', 'REGULATED INFORMATION', 'accelerated examination', 'Other indications', '7am CET', 'Euronext Brussels', 'class mechanism', 'active anti-inflammatory', 'immunomodulatory agent', '12-year period', 'small molecule', 'controlled dosages', 'important indications', 'first half', 'long-lasting remission', 'significant increase', 'oxidative stress', 'proinflammatory cytokines', 'long-lasting effects', 'immune pathology', 'other organizations', 'immune privilege', 'positive results', 'minimal levels', 'initial therapy', 'overall morbidity', 'chronic GVHD', 'transplant recipients', 'clinical results', 'high prevalence', 'worldwide prevalence', 'Ann Reum', 'strategic target', 'immunomodulation properties', 'immunomodulatory properties', 'anti-inflammatory properties', 'arsenic trioxide', 'significant number', 'two mechanisms', 'immune cells', 'active autoimmunity', 'headline result', 'corticosteroids levels', 'six months', 'treatment options', 'BioSenic assets', 'unique efficacy', 'two platforms', 'moderate-severe cGvHD', 'demonstrated', 'preparation', 'Mont-Saint-Guibert', 'Belgium', 'Paris', 'company', 'update', 'Medsenic', 'announcement', 'merger', 'listing', 'action', 'President', 'CEO', 'lives', 'APL', 'death', 'synthesis', 'release', 'inflammation', 'ability', 'patients', 'H1', 'safety', 'start', 'combination', 'goal', 'Boston', 'field', 'expertise', 'Europe', 'framework', 'addition', 'SLE', '100,000 inhabitants', 'incidence', 'Dis.', '108']",2022-11-08,2022-11-08,globenewswire.com
12888,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2022/11/08/2550395/0/en/Press-release-Biocartis-Group-NV-New-Idylla-EGFR-Study-Shows-Reduction-of-Time-to-Treatment-by-48-for-Lung-Cancer-Patients.html,Press release Biocartis Group NV: New Idylla™ EGFR Study Shows Reduction of Time-to-Treatment by 48% for Lung Cancer Patients,PRESS RELEASE: 8 November 2022  07:00 CET  New Idylla™ EGFR Study Shows Reduction of Time-to-Treatment by 48% for Lung Cancer PatientsIdylla™ EGFR...,English DutchPRESS RELEASE: 8 November 2022  07:00 CETNew Idylla™ EGFR Study Shows Reduction of Time-to-Treatment by 48% for Lung Cancer PatientsIdylla™ EGFR Mutation Test (CE-IVD) leading to time-to-treatment on average 16.8 days faster than Next Generation Sequencing (NGS) for EGFR positive patients as such showing Idylla™’s potential to improve strategic treatment decisions of patients with advanced non-small cell lung cancerMechelen  Belgium  8 November 2022 – Biocartis Group NV (the ‘Company’ or ‘Biocartis’)  an innovative molecular diagnostics company (Euronext Brussels: BCART)  today announces the recent publication of a new  large prospective study1 demonstrating that the Idylla™ EGFR Mutation Test (CE-IVD2) leads to the significant reduction of the time-to-treatment by 48% or on average 16.8 days faster than NGS testing for EGFR positive patients. This shows Idylla™’s potential to improve strategic treatment decisions within a multidisciplinary team for patients with advanced non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC).Herman Verrelst  Chief Executive Officer of Biocartis  commented: “Tailoring cancer treatments to individual patients is key  and require molecular diagnostic testing to help identify the specific biomarkers involved. Recent studies3 among approximately 1 600 patients show that in many European countries  less than 50% of the patients undergo biomarker testing. This is due to  among other reasons  lack of diagnostic laboratory infrastructure which also hinders a broader uptake of more complex testing technologies such as NGS. Integrating decentralized  rapid and easy-to-use Idylla™ testing in routine use can help broaden access to biomarker testing and as such  improve patient treatment and outcomes. We are therefore very pleased with another study showing the significant impact of Idylla™ on time-to-treatment that is no less than 16.8 days faster than NGS for EGFR positive patients with advanced NSCLC.”The study was performed on 238 samples which were tested both using an NGS panel (Oncopanel) and the Idylla™ EGFR Mutation Test4. The study showed a concordance of 98.7% between the Idylla™ EGFR Mutation Test and the NGS panel. The lab turnaround time was faster for the Idylla™ EGFR Mutation Test by an average of 12.4 days. In the EGFR positive cohort  the Idylla™ EGFR Mutation Test led to a 48% reduction and on average 16.8 days faster turnaround time.Furthermore  the study concludes that the Idylla™ EGFR Mutation Test could contribute to overall time and cost savings for patients if testing is implemented in a stepwise manner  where the Idylla™ EGFR Mutation Test and the PD-L1 IHC (Immunohistochemistry) test are performed first  and comprehensive yet more expensive NGS panel testing is only initiated in case of a negative Idylla™ EGFR Mutation Test. Such first-line use of Idylla™ EGFR Mutation Test is not only more cost-effective  but it also allows to obtain EGFR test results in the same time frame as the PD-L1 IHC test results  which is important as EGFR positivity may be a contra-indication forPD-1/PD-L1 therapy in NSCLC5.The impact of the rapid Idylla™ EGFR Mutation Test on turnaround times is in line with previous studies6 published  concluding that Idylla™ testing early on may contribute to improving strategic treatment decisions in a multidisciplinary team for patients with NSCLC by the early screening of EGFR mutations.--- END ---More information:Renate DegraveHead of Corporate Communications & Investor Relations Biocartise-mail rdegrave@biocartis.comtel +32 15 631 729mobile 32 471 53 60 64About BiocartisWith its revolutionary and proprietary Idylla™ platform  Biocartis (Euronext Brussels: BCART) aspires to enable personalized medicine for patients around the world through universal access to molecular testing  by making molecular testing actionable  convenient  fast and suitable for any lab. The Idylla™ platform is a fully automated sample-to-result  real-time PCR (Polymerase Chain Reaction) based system designed to offer in-house access to accurate molecular information in a minimum amount of time for faster  informed treatment decisions. Idylla™’s continuously expanding menu of molecular diagnostic tests address key unmet clinical needs  with a focus in oncology. This is the fastest growing segment of the molecular diagnostics market worldwide. Today  Biocartis offers tests supporting melanoma  colorectal  lung and liver cancer  as well as for COVID-19  Flu  RSV and sepsis. For more information  visit www.biocartis.com or follow Biocartis on Twitter @Biocartis_   Facebook or LinkedIn.Biocartis and Idylla™ are registered trademarks in Europe  the United States and other countries. The Biocartis and Idylla™ trademark and logo are used trademarks owned by Biocartis. Please refer to the product labeling for applicable intended uses for each individual Biocartis product.This press release is not for distribution  directly or indirectly  in any jurisdiction where to do so would be unlawful. Any persons reading this press release should inform themselves of and observe any such restrictions. Biocartis takes no responsibility for any violation of any such restrictions by any person. This press release does not constitute an offer or invitation for the sale or purchase of securities in any jurisdiction. No securities of Biocartis may be offered or sold in the United States of America absent registration with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission or an exemption from registration under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933  as amended.Forward-looking statementsCertain statements  beliefs and opinions in this press release are forward-looking  which reflect the Company's or  as appropriate  the Company directors' or managements' current expectations and projections concerning future events such as the Company's results of operations  financial condition  liquidity  performance  prospects  growth  strategies and the industry in which the Company operates. By their nature  forward-looking statements involve a number of risks  uncertainties  assumptions and other factors that could cause actual results or events to differ materially from those expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. These risks  uncertainties  assumptions and factors could adversely affect the outcome and financial effects of the plans and events described herein. A multitude of factors including  but not limited to  changes in demand  competition and technology  can cause actual events  performance or results to differ significantly from any anticipated development. Forward-looking statements contained in this press release regarding past trends or activities are not guarantees of future performance and should not be taken as a representation that such trends or activities will continue in the future. In addition  even if actual results or developments are consistent with the forward-looking statements contained in this press release  those results or developments may not be indicative of results or developments in future periods. No representations and warranties are made as to the accuracy or fairness of such forward-looking statements. As a result  the Company expressly disclaims any obligation or undertaking to release any updates or revisions to any forward-looking statements in this press release as a result of any change in expectations or any change in events  conditions  assumptions or circumstances on which these forward-looking statements are based  except if specifically required to do so by law or regulation. Neither the Company nor its advisers or representatives nor any of its subsidiary undertakings or any such person's officers or employees guarantees that the assumptions underlying such forward-looking statements are free from errors nor does either accept any responsibility for the future accuracy of the forward-looking statements contained in this press release or the actual occurrence of the forecasted developments. You should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements  which speak only as of the date of this press release.1 Banyi N  Alex D  Hughesman C  McNeil K  N Ionescu D  Ma C  Yip S  Melosky B. Improving Time-to-Treatment for Advanced Non-Small Cell Lung Cancer Patients through Faster Single Gene EGFR Testing Using the Idylla™ EGFR Testing Platform. Curr Oncol. 2022 Oct 18;29(10):7900-7911. doi: 10.3390/curroncol29100624. PMID: 362909012 The Idylla™ platform is cleared in the US under K163628. Idylla™ EGFR assay is for Research Use Only in the United States  not for use in diagnostic procedures. For more information  go to https://www.biocartis.com/en-US3 Normanno N  Apostolidis K  Wolf A  Al Dieri R  Deans Z  Fairley J  Maas J  Martinez A  Moch H  Nielsen S  Pilz T  Rouleau E  Patton S  Williams V. Access and quality of biomarker testing for precision oncology in Europe. Eur J Cancer. 2022 Oct 1;176:70-77. doi: 10.1016/j.ejca.2022.09.005. Epub ahead of print. PMID: 361949054 For each patient  the time that the lab received the sample  the time taken to report the NGS and Idylla™ testing results  the time of first treatment and the final treatment regimen were taken into account5 J. Mazieres et al. Immune checkpoint inhibitors for patients with advanced lung cancer and oncogenic driver alterations: results from the IMMUNOTARGET registry. Annals of Oncology 20196 Including Petiteau C  Robinet-Zimmermann G  Riot A  Dorbeau M  Richard N  Blanc-Fournier C  Bibeau F  Deshayes S  Bergot E  Gervais R  Levallet G. Contribution of the IdyllaTM System to Improving the Therapeutic Care of Patients with NSCLC through Early Screening of EGFR Mutations. Curr Oncol. 2021 Nov 3;28(6):4432-4445. doi: 10.3390/curroncol28060376. PMID: 34898548; PMCID: PMC8628756; Finall A  Davies G  Jones T  et al. J Clin Pathol Epub ahead of print. doi:10.1136/ jclinpath-2021-207987,neutral,0.0,0.97,0.03,mixed,0.33,0.0,0.66,True,English,"['New Idylla™ EGFR Study', 'Biocartis Group NV', 'Lung Cancer Patients', 'Press release', 'Reduction', 'Time', 'Treatment', 'negative Idylla™ EGFR Mutation Test', 'advanced non-small cell lung cancer', 'rapid Idylla™ EGFR Mutation Test', 'new, large prospective study1', 'key unmet clinical needs', 'PD-L1 IHC test results', 'faster, informed treatment decisions', 'innovative molecular diagnostics company', 'New Idylla™ EGFR Study', 'EGFR test results', 'expensive NGS panel testing', 'EGFR positive cohort', 'molecular diagnostics market', 'proprietary Idylla™ platform', 'Next Generation Sequencing', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'diagnostic laboratory infrastructure', 'Polymerase Chain Reaction', 'fastest growing segment', 'The Idylla™ platform', 'many European countries', 'Such first-line use', 'EGFR positive patients', 'strategic treatment decisions', 'complex testing technologies', 'Lung Cancer Patients', 'molecular diagnostic testing', 'accurate molecular information', 'molecular diagnostic tests', 'same time frame', 'Investor Relations Biocartis', 'individual Biocartis product', 'lab turnaround time', 'Immunohistochemistry) test', 'EGFR positivity', 'EGFR mutations', 'decentralized, rapid', 'Idylla™ testing', 'cancer treatments', 'liver cancer', 'molecular testing', 'Idylla™ trademark', 'advanced NSCLC', 'routine use', 'other countries', 'product labeling', 'turnaround times', 'biomarker testing', 'individual patients', 'NGS testing', 'patient treatment', 'English Dutch', 'PRESS RELEASE', 'Euronext Brussels', 'recent publication', 'multidisciplinary team', 'Herman Verrelst', 'specific biomarkers', 'Recent studies3', 'other reasons', 'broader uptake', 'cost savings', 'stepwise manner', 'PD-1/PD-L1 therapy', 'previous studies6', 'early screening', 'More information', 'Renate Degrave', 'Corporate Communications', 'personalized medicine', 'real-time PCR', 'based system', 'minimum amount', 'expanding menu', 'United States', 'The Biocartis', 'intended uses', 'overall time', 'Biocartis Group', 'significant impact', 'significant reduction', 'universal access', 'NGS.', '1,600 patients', '48% reduction', '8 November', '07:00 CET', 'CE-IVD', 'potential', 'Mechelen', 'Belgium', 'BCART', 'average', 'less', 'lack', 'outcomes', '238 samples', 'Oncopanel', 'concordance', '12.4 days', '16.8 days', 'comprehensive', 'case', 'contra-indication', 'Head', 'mail', 'revolutionary', 'world', 'house', 'focus', 'oncology', 'melanoma', 'colorectal', 'COVID', 'Flu', 'RSV', 'sepsis', 'Twitter', 'Facebook', 'LinkedIn', 'trademarks', 'logo', 'applicable', 'distribution', 'jurisdiction', 'persons']",2022-11-08,2022-11-08,globenewswire.com
12889,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2022/11/08/2550401/0/en/BGHL-GBP-NAV-Share-buy-back.html,BGHL GBP NAV & Share buy back,BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED      Ordinary Shares      The Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan...,"BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary SharesThe Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for the Company.Close of business 07 Nov 2022.Estimated NAVEuro Shares Sterling Shares Estimated NAV € 27.8949 £ 24.4669 Estimated MTD return -0.90 % -0.90 % Estimated YTD return -4.47 % -3.31 % Estimated ITD return 178.95 % 144.67 %NAV and returns are calculated net of management and performance feesMarket informationEuro Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close € 22.20 N/A Premium/discount to estimated NAV -20.42 % N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close N/A GBX 2 000.00 Premium/discount to estimated NAV N/A -18.26 %Transactions in own securities purchased into treasuryOrdinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares 1 700 N/A Average Price € 22.40 N/A Range of Price N/A N/ALiquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/ABGHL CapitalBGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Shares Outstanding 12 305 814 130 254 Held in treasury 10 774 N/A Shares Issued 12 316 588 130 254Estimated BG Fund NAVClass B Euro Shares (estimated) € 243.5864 Class GBP A Shares (estimated) £ 130.5077The Class B Euro Shares of BG Fund are not subject to investment manager fees  as the Investment Manager receives management fees and performance fees in respect of its role as Investment Manager of BGHL.For further information please contact:Boussard & Gavaudan Investment Management  LLP.Emmanuel Gavaudan +44 (0) 20 3751 5389 Email : info@bgam-uk.comThe Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has received the necessary approval of the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and the States of Guernsey Policy Council. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.This is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Neither the Company nor BG Fund ICAV has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that:all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results;the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; andif you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.Attachment",neutral,0.08,0.91,0.0,negative,0.0,0.23,0.77,True,English,"['BGHL GBP NAV', 'Share', 'A Liquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares', 'The Class B Euro Shares', 'BGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares', 'N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'A N/A Average Price', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'Sterling Shares Shares', 'Euro Shares Amsterdam', 'US Investment Company Act', 'Sterling Shares Number', 'expert financial advice', 'GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED', 'Guernsey Policy Council', 'collective investment scheme', 'other professional advice', 'BG Fund ICAV', 'closed-ended investment company', 'UK Listing Authority', 'US Securities Act', 'Gavaudan Investment Management', 'A Shares', 'investment manager fees', 'BG Fund NAV', 'The Shares', 'A Range', 'Dutch Authority', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'US persons', 'Financial Markets', 'The Directors', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'The Company', 'investment performance', 'original investment', 'investment decision', 'performance fees', 'BGHL Capital', 'management fees', 'MTD return', 'YTD return', 'ITD return', 'financieel toezicht', 'Official List', 'applicable law', 'public offering', 'other jurisdiction', 'United States', 'following information', 'information purposes', 'necessary approval', 'main market', 'future results', 'listed securities', 'Market information', 'BOUSSARD', 'business', 'returns', 'AEX', 'LSE', 'Transactions', 'treasury', 'respect', 'role', 'LLP.', 'Email', 'article', 'conjunction', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', 'mind', 'risk', 'past', 'guarantee', 'doubt', 'contents', 'communication', 'substitute', 'Attachment', '700']",2022-11-08,2022-11-08,globenewswire.com
12890,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2022/11/08/2550403/0/en/BGHL-Euro-NAV-Share-buy-back.html,BGHL Euro NAV & Share buy back,BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED    Ordinary Shares    The Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding......,"BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary SharesThe Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for the Company.Close of business 07 Nov 2022.Estimated NAVEuro Shares Sterling Shares Estimated NAV € 27.8949 £ 24.4669 Estimated MTD return -0.90 % -0.90 % Estimated YTD return -4.47 % -3.31 % Estimated ITD return 178.95 % 144.67 %NAV and returns are calculated net of management and performance feesMarket informationEuro Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close € 22.20 N/A Premium/discount to estimated NAV -20.42 % N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close N/A GBX 2 000.00 Premium/discount to estimated NAV N/A -18.26 %Transactions in own securities purchased into treasuryOrdinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares 1 700 N/A Average Price € 22.40 N/A Range of Price N/A N/ALiquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/ABGHL CapitalBGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Shares Outstanding 12 305 814 130 254 Held in treasury 10 774 N/A Shares Issued 12 316 588 130 254Estimated BG Fund NAVClass B Euro Shares (estimated) € 243.5864 Class GBP A Shares (estimated) £ 130.5077The Class B Euro Shares of BG Fund are not subject to investment manager fees  as the Investment Manager receives management fees and performance fees in respect of its role as Investment Manager of BGHL.For further information please contact:Boussard & Gavaudan Investment Management  LLP.Emmanuel Gavaudan +44 (0) 20 3751 5389 Email : info@bgam-uk.comThe Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has received the necessary approval of the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and the States of Guernsey Policy Council. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.This is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Neither the Company nor BG Fund ICAV has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that:all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results;the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; andif you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.Attachment",neutral,0.05,0.95,0.0,negative,0.0,0.23,0.77,True,English,"['BGHL Euro NAV', 'Share', 'A Liquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares', 'The Class B Euro Shares', 'BGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares', 'N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'A N/A Average Price', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'Sterling Shares Shares', 'Euro Shares Amsterdam', 'US Investment Company Act', 'Sterling Shares Number', 'expert financial advice', 'GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED', 'Guernsey Policy Council', 'collective investment scheme', 'other professional advice', 'BG Fund ICAV', 'closed-ended investment company', 'UK Listing Authority', 'US Securities Act', 'Gavaudan Investment Management', 'A Shares', 'investment manager fees', 'BG Fund NAV', 'The Shares', 'A Range', 'Dutch Authority', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'US persons', 'Financial Markets', 'The Directors', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'The Company', 'investment performance', 'original investment', 'investment decision', 'performance fees', 'BGHL Capital', 'management fees', 'MTD return', 'YTD return', 'ITD return', 'financieel toezicht', 'Official List', 'applicable law', 'public offering', 'other jurisdiction', 'United States', 'following information', 'information purposes', 'necessary approval', 'main market', 'future results', 'listed securities', 'Market information', 'BOUSSARD', 'business', 'returns', 'AEX', 'LSE', 'Transactions', 'treasury', 'respect', 'role', 'LLP.', 'Email', 'article', 'conjunction', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', 'mind', 'risk', 'past', 'guarantee', 'doubt', 'contents', 'communication', 'substitute', 'Attachment', '700']",2022-11-08,2022-11-08,globenewswire.com
12891,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2022/11/08/2550428/0/en/Progress-on-share-buyback-programme.html,Progress on share buyback programme,Progress on share buyback programme   ING announced today that  under its €1.5 billion share buyback programme announced on 3 November 2022  the...,Progress on share buyback programmeING announced today that  under its €1.5 billion share buyback programme announced on 3 November 2022  the company has repurchased 9 811 962 shares during the week of 3 November 2022 up to and including 4 November 2022.The shares were repurchased at an average price of €10.71 for a total amount of €105 062 371.60. For detailed information on the daily repurchased shares  individual share purchase transactions and weekly reports  see the ING website at www.ing.com/investorrelations.The total number of shares repurchased under this programme to date is 9 811 962 ordinary shares at an average price of €10.71 for a total consideration of €105 062 371.60. To date 7.00 % of the maximum total value of the share buyback programme has been completed.Note for editorsFor further information on ING  please visit www.ing.com. Frequent news updates can be found in the Newsroom or via the @ING_news Twitter feed. Photos of ING operations  buildings and its executives are available for download at Flickr. ING presentations are available at SlideShare.Press enquiries Investor enquiries Christoph Linke ING Group Investor Relations +31 20 576 5000 +31 20 576 6396 Christoph.Linke@ing.com Investor.Relations@ing.comING PROFILEING is a global financial institution with a strong European base  oﬀering banking services through its operating company ING Bank. The purpose of ING Bank is: empowering people to stay a step ahead in life and in business. ING Bank’s more than 58 000 employees oﬀer retail and wholesale banking services to customers in over 40 countries.ING Group shares are listed on the exchanges of Amsterdam (INGA NA  INGA.AS)  Brussels and on the New York Stock Exchange (ADRs: ING US  ING.N).Sustainability is an integral part of ING’s strategy  evidenced by ING’s leading position in sector benchmarks. ING's Environmental  Social and Governance (ESG) rating by MSCI was aﬃrmed 'AA' in September 2022. As of August 2022  Sustainalytics considers ING’s management of ESG material risk to be ‘strong’  and in June 2022 ING received an ESG rating of 'strong' from S&P Global Ratings. ING Group shares are also included in major sustainability and ESG index products of leading providers Euronext  STOXX  Morningstar and FTSE Russell.IMPORTANT LEGAL INFORMATIONCertain of the statements contained herein are not historical facts  including  without limitation  certain statements made of future expectations and other forward-looking statements that are based on management’s current views and assumptions and involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results  performance or events to diﬀer materially from those expressed or implied in such statements. Actual results  performance or events may diﬀer materially from those in such statements due to a number of factors  including  without limitation: (1) changes in general economic conditions and customer behaviour  in particular economic conditions in ING’s core markets  including changes aﬀecting currency exchange rates and the regional and global economic impact of the invasion of Russia into Ukraine and related international response measures (2) eﬀects of the Covid-19 pandemic and related response measures  including lockdowns and travel restrictions  on economic conditions in countries in which ING operates  on ING’s business and operations and on ING’s employees  customers and counterparties (3) changes aﬀecting interest rate levels (4) any default of a major market participant and related market disruption (5) changes in performance of financial markets  including in Europe and developing markets (6) fiscal uncertainty in Europe and the United States(7) discontinuation of or changes in ‘benchmark’ indices (8) inflation and deflation in our principal markets (9) changes in conditions in the credit and capital markets generally  including changes in borrower and counterparty creditworthiness (10) failures of banks falling under the scope of state compensation schemes (11) non-compliance with or changes in laws and regulations  including those concerning financial services  financial economic crimes and tax laws  and the interpretation and application thereof (12) geopolitical risks  political instabilities and policies and actions of governmental and regulatory authorities  including in connection with the invasion of Russia into Ukraine and related international response measures (13) legal and regulatory risks in certain countries with less developed legal and regulatory frameworks(14) prudential supervision and regulations  including in relation to stress tests and regulatory restrictions on dividends and distributions (also among members of the group) (15) regulatory consequences of the United Kingdom’s withdrawal from the European Union  including authorizations and equivalence decisions (16) ING’s ability to meet minimum capital and other prudential regulatory requirements (17) changes in regulation of US commodities and derivatives businesses of ING and its customers(18) application of bank recovery and resolution regimes  including write- down and conversion powers in relation to our securities (19) outcome of current and future litigation  enforcement proceedings  investigations or other regulatory actions  including claims by customers or stakeholders who feel misled or treated unfairly  and other conduct issues (20) changes in tax laws and regulations and risks of non-compliance or investigation in connection with tax laws  including FATCA (21) operational and IT risks  such as system disruptions or failures  breaches of security  cyber-attacks  human error  changes in operational practices or inadequate controls including in respect of third parties with which we do business (22) risks and challenges related to cybercrime including the eﬀects of cyberattacks and changes in legislation and regulation related to cybersecurity and data privacy (23) changes in general competitive factors  including ability to increase or maintain market share (24) inability to protect our intellectual property and infringement claims by third parties (25) inability of counterparties to meet financial obligations or ability to enforce rights against such counterparties (26) changes in credit ratings (27) business  operational  regulatory  reputation  transition and other risks and challenges in connection with climate change and ESG-related matters(28) inability to attract and retain key personnel (29) future liabilities under defined benefit retirement plans (30) failure to manage business risks  including in connection with use of models  use of derivatives  or maintaining appropriate policies and guidelines (31) changes in capital and credit markets  including interbank funding  as well as customer deposits  which provide the liquidity and capital required to fund our operations  and(32) the other risks and uncertainties detailed in the most recent annual report of ING Groep N.V. (including the Risk Factors contained therein) and ING’s more recent disclosures  including press releases  which are available on www.ING.com.This document may contain inactive textual addresses to internet websites operated by us and third parties. Reference to such websites is made for information purposes only  and information found at such websites is not incorporated by reference into this document. ING does not make any representation or warranty with respect to the accuracy or completeness of  or take any responsibility for  any information found at any websites operated by third parties. ING specifically disclaims any liability with respect to any information found at websites operated by third parties. ING cannot guarantee that websites operated by third parties remain available following the publication of this document  or that any information found at such websites will not change following the filing of this document. Many of those factors are beyond ING’s control.Any forward looking statements made by or on behalf of ING speak only as of the date they are made  and ING assumes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements  whether as a result of new information or for any other reason.This document does not constitute an oﬀer to sell  or a solicitation of an oﬀer to purchase  any securities in the United States or any other jurisdictionAttachment,positive,0.98,0.02,0.0,mixed,0.55,0.16,0.3,True,English,"['share buyback programme', 'Progress', 'individual share purchase transactions', 'New York Stock Exchange', 'S&P Global Ratings', '€1.5 billion share buyback programme', 'other prudential regulatory requirements', 'currency exchange rates', 'Frequent news updates', 'international response measures', 'interest rate levels', 'state compensation schemes', 'global economic impact', 'global financial institution', 'strong European base', 'ESG material risk', 'ESG index products', 'maximum total value', 'financial economic crimes', 'related response measures', 'major market participant', 'other forward-looking statements', 'wholesale banking services', 'general economic conditions', 'Group Investor Relations', 'IMPORTANT LEGAL INFORMATION', 'prudential supervision', 'financial services', 'Investor enquiries', 'ESG) rating', 'ESG rating', 'market disruption', 'financial markets', 'European Union', 'regulatory authorities', 'regulatory risks', 'regulatory frameworks', 'regulatory restrictions', 'regulatory consequences', 'total amount', 'total consideration', 'average price', 'detailed information', 'daily repurchased', 'weekly reports', 'Press enquiries', 'INGA NA', 'INGA.AS', 'integral part', 'leading position', 'sector benchmarks', 'Environmental, Social', 'major sustainability', 'leading providers', 'FTSE Russell', 'historical facts', 'future expectations', 'current views', 'unknown risks', 'actual results', 'customer behaviour', 'core markets', 'Covid-19 pandemic', 'travel restrictions', 'developing markets', 'fiscal uncertainty', 'United States', 'benchmark’ indices', 'principal markets', 'capital markets', 'counterparty creditworthiness', 'geopolitical risks', 'political instabilities', 'stress tests', 'United Kingdom', 'equivalence decisions', 'minimum capital', 'derivatives businesses', 'total number', 'Christoph Linke', 'operating company', 'tax laws', 'US commodities', '9,811,962 ordinary shares', 'Group shares', 'bank recovery', '9,811,962 shares', 'Progress', '3 November', '4 November', 'website', 'investorrelations', 'Note', 'editors', 'Newsroom', 'Photos', 'operations', 'buildings', 'executives', 'download', 'Flickr', 'presentations', 'SlideShare', 'PROFILE', 'purpose', 'people', 'life', '58,000 employees', 'retail', 'customers', '40 countries', 'exchanges', 'Amsterdam', 'Brussels', 'ADRs', 'strategy', 'Governance', 'MSCI', 'September', 'August', 'Sustainalytics', 'management', 'June', 'Euronext', 'Morningstar', 'limitation', 'assumptions', 'uncertainties', 'performance', 'events', 'factors', 'particular', 'regional', 'invasion', 'Russia', 'Ukraine', 'lockdowns', 'counterparties', 'default', 'discontinuation', 'inflation', 'deflation', 'borrower', 'banks', 'scope', 'compliance', 'regulations', 'interpretation', 'application', 'policies', 'connection', 'less', 'dividends', 'distributions', 'members', 'withdrawal', 'authorizations', 'resolu']",2022-11-08,2022-11-08,globenewswire.com
12892,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/tetragon-financial-group-limited-dividend-information-in-respect-of-q3-2022-301671542.html,Tetragon Financial Group Limited Dividend Information in Respect of Q3 2022,LONDON  Nov. 8  2022 /PRNewswire/ -- On 26 October 2022  the Board of Directors of Tetragon declared a dividend of U.S.$0.11 (11.00 cents) per share in respect of the third quarter of 2022. The ex-dividend date is 1 November 2022. The record date is 2 Novembe…,LONDON  Nov. 8  2022 /PRNewswire/ -- On 26 October 2022  the Board of Directors of Tetragon declared a dividend of U.S.$0.11 (11.00 cents) per share in respect of the third quarter of 2022. The ex-dividend date is 1 November 2022. The record date is 2 November 2022. Payment of the dividend will take place from 25 November 2022.Tetragon's website (www.tetragoninv.com) includes information on Tetragon's Optional Stock Dividend Plan for those shareholders electing to receive dividends in the form of Tetragon shares. Shareholders may elect to receive dividends in the form of Tetragon shares by making a dividend share election up to 14 November 2022. If no election is made  the dividend will be paid in cash from 25 November 2022.Cash dividends may be received in Sterling by those shareholders making a dividend currency election up to 14 November 2022. If no election is made  the dividend will be paid in U.S. dollars from 25 November 2022.The reference price for shares delivered in lieu of cash is U.S. $9.40  resulting in a conversion ratio of one newly issued share for every 85.45 dividend rights held. The reference price is based on the volume‑weighted average of the trading prices of a non-voting share on Euronext Amsterdam N.V. for the five-day trading period (treated as a single period) from 1 November to 7 November 2022.For further information on the Optional Stock Dividend Plan  please refer to the brochure on Tetragon's website.About Tetragon:Tetragon is a closed-ended investment company that invests in a broad range of assets  including public and private equities and credit (including distressed securities and structured credit)  convertible bonds  real estate  venture capital  infrastructure  bank loans and TFG Asset Management  a diversified alternative asset management business. Where appropriate  through TFG Asset Management  Tetragon seeks to own all  or a portion  of asset management companies with which it invests in order to enhance the returns achieved on its capital. Tetragon's investment objective is to generate distributable income and capital appreciation. It aims to provide stable returns to investors across various credit  equity  interest rate  inflation and real estate cycles. The company's non-voting shares are traded on Euronext in Amsterdam  a regulated market of Euronext Amsterdam N.V.  and on the Specialist Fund Segment of the main market of the London Stock Exchange. For more information please visit the company's website at www.tetragoninv.com.Tetragon:Yuko Thomas Investor Relations [email protected] Press Inquiries:Prosek Partners [email protected]United States Ryan FitzGibbon Remy Marin +1 646 818 9298 +1 646 818 9234 United Kingdom Henrietta Dehn Alexa Bethell +44 7717 281 665 +44 7940 166 251This release does not contain or constitute an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to purchase securities in the United States or any other jurisdiction. The securities of Tetragon have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933 and may not be offered or sold in the United States or to U.S. persons unless they are registered under applicable law or exempt from registration. Tetragon does not intend to register any portion of its securities in the United States or to conduct a public offer of securities in the United States. In addition  Tetragon has not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Investment Company Act of 1940  and investors will not be entitled to the benefits of such Act. Tetragon is registered in the public register of the Netherlands Authority for the Financial Markets under Section 1:107 of the Financial Markets Supervision Act as a collective investment scheme from a designated country.SOURCE Tetragon Financial Group Limited,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.02,True,English,"['Tetragon Financial Group Limited Dividend Information', 'Respect', 'Q3', 'United Kingdom Henrietta Dehn Alexa Bethell', 'United States Ryan FitzGibbon Remy Marin', 'diversified alternative asset management business', 'SOURCE Tetragon Financial Group Limited', 'U.S. Investment Company Act', 'Yuko Thomas Investor Relations', 'Optional Stock Dividend Plan', 'Financial Markets Supervision Act', 'Euronext Amsterdam N.V.', 'U.S. Securities Act', 'U.S. dollars', 'U.S. persons', 'TFG Asset Management', 'asset management companies', 'collective investment scheme', 'volume‑weighted average', 'Specialist Fund Segment', 'closed-ended investment company', 'London Stock Exchange', 'five-day trading period', 'real estate cycles', '85.45 dividend rights', 'investment objective', 'trading prices', 'single period', 'third quarter', 'ex-dividend date', 'record date', 'reference price', 'conversion ratio', 'broad range', 'private equities', 'convertible bonds', 'bank loans', 'distributable income', 'interest rate', 'regulated market', 'main market', 'Press Inquiries', 'Prosek Partners', 'other jurisdiction', 'applicable law', 'Netherlands Authority', 'voting shares', 'distressed securities', 'structured credit', 'venture capital', 'capital appreciation', 'various credit', 'public register', 'currency election', 'stable returns', 'Tetragon shares', 'public offer', 'share election', 'Cash dividends', 'PRNewswire', '26 October', 'Board', 'Directors', 'respect', '1 November', '2 November', 'Payment', 'place', '25 November', 'website', 'information', 'shareholders', '14 November', 'Sterling', 'lieu', '7 November', 'brochure', 'assets', 'infrastructure', 'portion', 'order', 'investors', 'equity', 'inflation', 'release', 'solicitation', 'registration', 'addition', 'benefits', 'Section', 'country']",2022-11-08,2022-11-08,prnewswire.com
12893,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://economictimes.indiatimes.com/industry/renewables/renault-unveils-sweeping-overhaul-for-electric-future/articleshow/95381510.cms,Renault unveils sweeping overhaul for electric future,Under the green revamp  Renault is to split its operations in two  with a new electric vehicle unit and a subsidiary for petrol  diesel and hybrid cars that will pair up with China's Geely. The carmaker's flagship division following the reorganisation will be…,"French automaker Renault unveiled a sweeping overhaul on Tuesday in a bid to attract investors as it expands its electric vehicle business amid an accelerating market.Under the green revamp  Renault is to split its operations in two  with a new electric vehicle unit and a subsidiary for petrol  diesel and hybrid cars that will pair up with China's Geely.The carmaker's flagship division following the reorganisation will be Ampere  which aims to produce a million electric vehicles by 2031  the group said ahead of an investor day in Paris.The new division will employ around 10 000 staff in France.Renault is the latest automaker seeking to finance a shift towards electric.The market for the greener vehicles is expected to grow rapidly in response to consumers' worries about climate change  putting pressure on manufacturers to develop less polluting products.The European Union last month agreed to phase out new CO2-emitting vehicles by 2035  a move set to turbo-charge the production of electric prototypes on the continent.Renault follows the likes of US automaker Ford and Germany's Volkswagen The latter launched its premium sports brand Porsche on the stock market in September to finance its investment in electric  connected and autonomous cars.Ampere will produce the new Renault 5 and Renault 4 among other models in northern France and will target more than 30-percent growth annually over the next eight years and to break even by 2025.Renault said it would list Ampere on the Euronext Paris stock exchange in the latter half of 2023 and invite investment but will retain ""a strong majority"".The group -- in which the French state and carmaker Nissan each own 15 percent -- has still to outline the part that its Japanese partner will play in the new electric division.- Financing electric drive - For hybrid and internal-combustion vehicles  Renault plans to combine its technological  manufacturing and research and development activities with Chinese automaker Geely.The 50-50 partnership with the Chinese group -- owner of Volvo -- will develop and produce engines  gear boxes and other components for hybrid and petrol and diesel vehicles.It will employ 19 000 people across Europe  China and South America  and have 17 factories and five research and development centres.Turnover for the division is expected to grow by four percent by 2027  the group said.""We are designing an agile and innovative organisation to manage the volatility and accelerated technological evolution of our time "" said Renault chief executive Luca de Meo.The group aims to see an operating margin -- a key profitability yardstick -- of above eight percent in 2025.Shares in Renault fell on the Paris exchange shortly after trading began on Tuesday  before regaining ground by mid-morning.The group's financial targets are ""more ambitious than expected"" but ""raise questions""  analyst Tom Narayan of RBC said.The company suffered a historic loss in 2020 due to the Covid-19 pandemic and its recovery was destabilised by its withdrawal from Russia following Moscow's invasion of Ukraine.In late July  Renault said that its decision to quit the Russian market had pushed it deep into the red in the first half of 2022.Two months earlier  it had sold its 100-percent stake in Renault Russia and its 68-percent stake in AVTOVAZ.But with its new revamp  Renault said it planned to resume paying shareholders a dividend next year for the first time since 2019.The value of traditional car manufacturers pales in comparison to new players on the market specialising in electric vehicles such as Elon Musk's Tesla or Chinese firm BYD.US giant Ford has taken similar steps  announcing the creation of the ""Model E"" electric subsidiary earlier this year.Renault's sales of traditional internal-combustion vehicles are falling.In the first nine months of 2022  hybrid and electric vehicles represented 38 percent of the brand's registrations in Europe  a year-on-year increase of 12 percent.The separation of Renault's electric and conventional production has concerned trade unions after several waves of job cuts.",neutral,0.05,0.95,0.0,negative,0.02,0.21,0.77,True,English,"['sweeping overhaul', 'electric future', 'Renault', 'Renault chief executive Luca de Meo', 'premium sports brand Porsche', 'Model E"" electric subsidiary', 'new electric vehicle unit', 'Euronext Paris stock exchange', 'electric vehicle business', 'less polluting products', 'The European Union', 'key profitability yardstick', 'analyst Tom Narayan', 'US giant Ford', 'US automaker Ford', 'Financing electric drive', 'next eight years', 'first nine months', 'traditional car manufacturers', 'new CO2-emitting vehicles', 'million electric vehicles', 'traditional internal-combustion vehicles', 'new electric division', 'Chinese automaker Geely', 'French automaker Renault', 'Paris exchange', 'latest automaker', 'stock market', 'new division', 'new revamp', 'new players', 'electric prototypes', 'French state', 'greener vehicles', 'first half', 'Chinese firm', 'new Renault', 'sweeping overhaul', 'green revamp', 'flagship division', 'investor day', ""consumers' worries"", 'climate change', 'autonomous cars', 'other models', '30-percent growth', 'latter half', 'strong majority', 'Japanese partner', 'development activities', '50-50 partnership', 'gear boxes', 'other components', 'South America', 'development centres', 'innovative organisation', 'technological evolution', 'operating margin', 'financial targets', 'historic loss', 'Covid-19 pandemic', 'late July', '100-percent stake', '68-percent stake', 'Elon Musk', 'similar steps', 'year increase', 'trade unions', 'several waves', 'job cuts', 'eight percent', 'diesel vehicles', 'first time', 'accelerating market', 'Russian market', 'northern France', 'Chinese group', 'five research', 'conventional production', 'four percent', 'hybrid cars', '15 percent', '38 percent', '12 percent', 'Tuesday', 'bid', 'investors', 'operations', 'petrol', 'China', 'carmaker', 'reorganisation', 'Ampere', '10,000 staff', 'shift', 'response', 'pressure', 'move', 'continent', 'likes', 'Germany', 'Volkswagen', 'September', 'investment', 'connected', 'Nissan', 'manufacturing', 'owner', 'Volvo', 'engines', '19,000 people', '17 factories', 'Turnover', 'agile', 'volatility', 'Shares', 'trading', 'ground', 'mid-morning', 'questions', 'RBC', 'company', 'recovery', 'withdrawal', 'Moscow', 'invasion', 'Ukraine', 'decision', 'red', 'AVTOVAZ', 'shareholders', 'value', 'comparison', 'Tesla', 'BYD', 'creation', 'sales', 'registrations', 'separation', '2022']",2022-11-08,2022-11-08,economictimes.indiatimes.com
12894,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.irishtimes.com/business/2022/11/08/global-stocks-rise-as-investors-await-results-of-us-mid-term-elections/,Global stocks rise as investors await results of US mid-term elections,AIB fell 2% after the Government sold a further stake in the bank,US shares rose ahead of the midterm elections there Photograph: Michael M Santiago/Getty ImagesEuropean shares rose and Wall Street edged higher on Tuesday as market focus turned to the US midterm elections  which analysts say could lead to a boost for equities.DublinEuronext Dublin was flat on the day  underperforming some of its European peers.AIB finished the day down 2 per cent after Minister for Finance Paschal Donohoe sold a further 5 per cent stake in the bank on the market in a move that raised €396.6 million. The shares were offered at a discount of 5 per cent.“The stock did quite well today given where the price of the sale was ” said a trader. “Although it is down on the day  it was a fairly strong close.”READ MOREElsewhere  Bank of Ireland  which will report quarterly numbers on Wednesday  was up 0.5 per cent at close of business.Among the airlines  Ryanair was up 2 per cent  while peers EasyJet added 4 per cent and Aer Lingus parent International Airlines Group gained 1.5 per cent.DCC  a fuel distribution-to-technology services group  reported strong growth in the first half of the year on Tuesday with operating profit up 13 per cent to £221.2 million (€253.5 million) in the period.Nonetheless  the market was unimpressed and the company ended the day down 8 per cent. “It was a fairly significant move ” noted a trader. “The market was expecting numbers to be better  and in actuality they were disappointing.”LondonThe FTSE 100 trod water and the pound enjoyed an uplift as midterm elections commenced across the pond in the United States.London’s blue-chip index lost about 50 points during its lows of the day  dragged down by debt-burdened Irish firm DCC and downbeat housebuilder Persimmon. But it managed to claw back its losses and had edged up by just 0.08 per cent at the end of the day.Primark’s parent company AB Foods raked in pretax profits of £1.1 billion in the year to mid-September and it saw a boost in its revenue. Its share price was up by 2 per cent.Meanwhile  it was a difficult day for house building giant Persimmon  which has been caught up in the tide of tougher selling conditions in the property market. Investors reacted to the gloomy outlook and shares in Persimmon were down by 5.2 per cent.Insurer Direct Line said it would be launching more basic and affordable car insurance policies after seeing a reduction in new business sales. Shares fell as much as 8 per cent in early trading on Tuesday but ended the day 3.1 per cent lower.EuropeEuropean stocks gained ground  following their US counterparts higher as investors watched election day get under way in the United States.The pan-European Stoxx 600 index rose 0.73 per cent and MSCI’s gauge of stocks across the globe gained 0.94 per cent.The German Dax enjoyed strong gains. It was up 1.12 per cent when markets closed  while the French Cac 40 saw a softer jump of 0.37 per cent.New YorkUS stock indexes rose for the third straight session on Tuesday as voting began in the crucial midterm election that will determine control of Congress  with investors hoping for a political gridlock which could prevent radical policy changes.Ten of the 11 S&P sectors advanced  led by materials  which rose 2.5 per cent and was up for the fourth consecutive session. Rate-sensitive technology stocks gained 2 per cent as Treasury yields took a breather.Helping the blue-chip Dow outperform its Wall Street peers  shares of drugmaker Amgen climbed 6.5 per cent to a record high after reporting positive data related to its cholesterol drug and obesity treatment.Semiconductor stocks gained 3 per cent  driven by a 3.2 per cent rise in chipmaker Nvidia. Take-Two Interactive Software fell 9.9 per cent after the video game publisher lowered its annual sales outlook  while ride-hailing firm Lyft dropped 21.1 per cent.,neutral,0.03,0.97,0.0,mixed,0.2,0.04,0.75,True,English,"['US mid-term elections', 'Global stocks', 'investors', 'results', 'Aer Lingus parent International Airlines Group', 'affordable car insurance policies', 'technology services group', 'Michael M Santiago', 'Finance Paschal Donohoe', 'tougher selling conditions', 'Insurer Direct Line', 'third straight session', 'radical policy changes', '11 S&P sectors', 'fourth consecutive session', 'Take-Two Interactive Software', 'video game publisher', 'debt-burdened Irish firm', 'pan-European Stoxx 600 index', 'The German Dax', 'annual sales outlook', 'downbeat housebuilder Persimmon', 'crucial midterm election', 'Rate-sensitive technology stocks', 'new business sales', 'US stock indexes', 'US midterm elections', '5 per cent stake', '3.2 per cent rise', 'Wall Street peers', 'parent company', 'The FTSE 100', 'blue-chip index', 'gloomy outlook', 'US counterparts', 'New York', 'ride-hailing firm', '0.08 per cent', '5.2 per cent', '0.37 per cent', '3 per cent', 'Getty Images', 'European peers', 'fuel distribution', 'strong growth', 'first half', 'operating profit', 'United States', 'AB Foods', 'pretax profits', 'giant Persimmon', 'early trading', 'European stocks', 'strong gains', 'French Cac', 'softer jump', 'political gridlock', 'Treasury yields', 'blue-chip Dow', 'record high', 'positive data', 'cholesterol drug', 'obesity treatment', 'Semiconductor stocks', 'US shares', 'election day', 'Euronext Dublin', 'strong close', 'quarterly numbers', 'significant move', 'share price', 'market focus', 'property market', 'European shares', 'difficult day', '4 per', '1.5 per', 'Photograph', 'Tuesday', 'analysts', 'boost', 'equities', 'AIB', 'Minister', 'bank', 'discount', 'trader', 'READ', 'Ireland', 'Wednesday', 'Ryanair', 'EasyJet', 'DCC', 'year', 'period', 'actuality', 'London', 'water', 'pound', 'uplift', 'pond', 'lows', 'losses', 'end', 'Primark', 'mid-September', 'revenue', 'tide', 'Investors', 'basic', 'reduction', 'ground', 'way', 'MSCI', 'gauge', 'globe', 'markets', 'voting', 'control', 'Congress', 'materials', 'breather', 'drugmaker', 'Amgen', 'chipmaker', 'Nvidia', 'Lyft']",2022-11-08,2022-11-08,irishtimes.com
12895,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2022/11/08/2550397/0/en/Renault-Group-Renaulution-now-Revolution.html,Renault Group: Renaulution  now Revolution,Press ReleaseNovember 8  2022#Renaulution           Renault Group CMD PR_Renaulution Now Revolution      Renaulution  now Revolution   Live conference...,"French EnglishPress ReleaseNovember 8  2022#RenaulutionRenault Group CMD PR_Renaulution Now RevolutionRenaulution  now RevolutionLive conference at 9 :00 Paris timeavailable on www.renaultgroup.comTowards a Next Gen automotive company:Significantly ahead of its initial targets  Renault Group opens the third chapter of its Renaulution plan: RevolutionRenault Group revolutionizes itself focusing resources on the value chains arising from the transformation of the automotive and mobility industry: electric vehicles (EV)  software  new mobility services  circular economy  in addition to ICE & hybrid vehiclesRenault Group aims at becoming a Next Gen automotive company built on 5 focused businesses addressing all the new value chains: Ampere : the first EV & Software pure player born from an OEM disruption Alpine : a high-end zero-emission global brand with a racing pedigree. A unique asset-light model combined with proprietary technologies Mobilize : built around a leading financial services company to enter the market of new mobility  energy and data-based services The Future Is NEUTRAL : the first 360° circular economy company in the automotive industry from closed loop in materials to battery recycling Po wer : the traditional core business of Renault Group will continue to develop innovative low emissions ICE & hybrid vehicles under the Renault  Dacia and Renault LCV brands  each with their dedicated organization and governance. To reinforce and project this part of the business into the future  we announce the creation of a leading worldwide Tier 1 supplier of ICE & hybrid powertrain technologies (Horse project)built on 5 focused businesses addressing all the new value chains:Building an open partnerships ecosystem to enable future growth:By creating such leading powertrain technology company  Renault Group and Geely are combining their technological  manufacturing and R&D assets. Renault Group will own 50% of this company representing revenues of €15 billion globally from Day 1Ampere : envisaged IPO on Euronext Paris earliest H2 2023 (subject to market conditions) with Renault Group keeping strong majority and the support of potential strategic cornerstone investors (including Qualcomm Technologies  Inc.): envisaged IPO on Euronext Paris earliest H2 2023 (subject to market conditions) with Renault Group keeping strong majority and the support of potential strategic cornerstone investors (including Qualcomm Technologies  Inc.) Renault Group has built deep partnerships with 2 major tech players  Google and Qualcomm Technologies   to create game-changing technologies that will enable the development of S oftware - D efined V ehicle (SDV) including Centralized Electronic Architecture and Car OSand   to create game-changing technologies that will enable the development of (SDV) including Centralized Electronic Architecture and Car OS Alpine is set to expand globally with half of its future growth outside of Europe leveraging commercial partnerships and investors support. Alpine is open to capitalize on the financial valuation of its F1 Team assetsis set to expand globally with half of its future growth outside of Europe leveraging commercial partnerships and investors support. Alpine is open to capitalize on the financial valuation of its F1 Team assets Light Commercial Vehicles (LCV) to launch  in partnership with an OEM  a game changing EV & software-defined family of vans: FlexEVan. It allows real-time  end-to-end operations monitoring and data-driven fleet management. FlexEVan’s disruptive concept and technology will ensure -30% total cost of usage for mobility operatorsSolid financial outlook entering in a new era:Financial outlook 2025-2030: Operating margin: above 8% in 2025 and above 10% by 2030 Free cash-flow: above €2 billion per year on average over 2023-2025 and above €3 billion per year on average over 2026-2030Dividend policy : Renault Group plans to restore dividend payment from 2023 (for 2022 FY – pending Shareholders’ General Meeting approval). This dividend policy  a first for Renault Group  will gradually grow  in a disciplined manner  up to 35% payout ratio of Group consolidated net income – parent share  in the mid-term. To do so  the Group must achieve its first priority: return to an investment grade rating: Renault Group plans to restore dividend payment from 2023 (for 2022 FY – pending Shareholders’ General Meeting approval). This dividend policy  a first for Renault Group  will gradually grow  in a disciplined manner  up to payout ratio of Group consolidated net income – parent share  in the mid-term. To do so  the Group must achieve its first priority: return to an Ambition to grow employees’ shareholding to 10% by 2030“Today’s announcements are a new sign of Renault Group team’s determination to prepare the company for the future challenges and opportunities generated by the transformation of our industry. After having executed one of the fastest and unexpected recovery plans  after having prepared the company for growth by securing the development of the best product line-up in decades  we intend to position ourselves faster and stronger than competition on the new automotive value chains: EV  software  new mobility and circular economy. We focus full-fledged teams on each of the automotive and mobility value chains. We design an agile and innovative organization to manage the volatility and fast technological evolution of our times. Speed  accountability  transparency  and specialization for excellence are the key words. Renault Group is one team of teams  benefiting from simplified governance and digital management platforms boosting collaboration and breaking silos typical of traditional organizations. Allocating up to 10% of the capital to our employees  will contribute to foster a new common culture oriented to value creation. We believe also in cooperation when it comes to invest  create and scale new businesses and technologies. This is the core of our horizontal approach  and the network of leading partners that are participating in our different projects  is the proof of the quality of our initiatives. All this is one of the most progressive re-engineering projects of the recent years in our industry  a Revolution in its kind."" said Luca de Meo  Chief Executive Officer of Renault Group.“What the Group has achieved in terms of financial turnaround in just 2 years is outstanding and we will not stop here. We are bringing our non-negotiable fundamentals – value over volume  competitiveness  and capital efficiency – to the next level. This new corporate architecture will allow us to improve our financial performance  targeting benchmark profitability  free cash-flow generation and return on capital employed. By addressing structurally more profitable value chains  it will transform our business mix and create value. Powered by the focus on growing and cash generating businesses  our plan is ambitious but also realistic in the light of the current macroeconomic context. The Renaulution plan foundation is self-financed but will be accelerated by external fundings and partnerships enabling the access to key value chains  to boost growth and innovation while reducing capital requirements. All in all  the Revolution is also financial and aims at creating value for all our stakeholders as illustrated by our dividend policy and our target to reinforce employee shareholding.” said Thierry Piéton  Chief Financial Officer of Renault Group.Boulogne-Billancourt  November 8  2022Following approval by the Board of Directors held on November 7  2022 under the chairmanship of Jean-Dominique Senard  Luca de Meo  CEO of Renault Group and Thierry Piéton  CFO of Renault Group  present today  during its Capital Market Day  the third chapter of its Renaulution strategy.Until now  carmakers were evolving in an environment of mature ICE technology and stable customer expectations. The ongoing transformations  reshaping the automotive industry  are driving the emergence of additional value chains: electric vehicles (EV)  software  new mobility services  and circular economy.Today  after Resurrection and Renovation  the first two phases of the Renaulution strategic plan presented in January 2021  Renault Group opens the third chapter: it launches its Revolution with the ambition to become a Next Gen automotive company.This new set-up will allow Renault Group to capture value across all the new profit pools (estimated by external institutions at ~€220 billion in 2030 vs €110 billion today). To seize opportunities in these markets and to adapt to today’s environment  Renault Group creates full-fledged and focused organizations. It will transform its business mix by harnessing structurally more profitable value chains. Renault Group leverages a horizontal and ecosystemic approach to co-create  co-finance and scale strategic initiatives with leading partners.Now  RevolutionThe guiding principles of this value driven and ecosystemic approach are:Strategic focusEffectivenessSmart capital allocationBest partners selectionAsset-light by designRenault Group is operating its own Revolution by creating 5 focused businesses with specialized teams  each built on a homogeneous set of technologies  with their own governance and P&L.These businesses are:Ampere : the first EV & Software pure player born from an OEM disruption: the first EV & Software pure player born from an OEM disruption Alpine : a high-end zero-emission global brand with a racing pedigree. A unique asset-light model combined with proprietary technologies: a high-end zero-emission global brand with a racing pedigree. A unique asset-light model combined with proprietary technologies Mobilize : built around a leading financial services company to enter the market of new mobility  energy and data-based services: built around a leading financial services company to enter the market of new mobility  energy and data-based services The Future Is NEUTRAL : the first 360° circular economy company in the automotive industry from closed loop in materials to battery recycling: the first 360° circular economy company in the automotive industry from closed loop in materials to battery recycling Power: the traditional core business of Renault Group will continue to develop innovative low emissions ICE & hybrid vehicles under the Renault  Dacia and Renault LCV brands  each with their dedicated organization and governancePower: innovative low emissions ICE & hybrid vehiclesICE & hybrid vehicles will still represent up to 50% of passenger cars sales worldwide even by 2040. Developing efficient technologies in that field remains key for the future of any global OEM. Therefore  Renault Group is ensuring the further development of its core business  with the launch of a totally new range of Renault ICE & Hybrid (passenger cars)  Dacia and LCV – and with the creation of a worldwide supplier  leader in ICE & hybrid powertrain technologies.Renault Group will combine its ICE & hybrid powertrain technologies (Horse project) together with Geely to create a worldwide leading supplierRenault Group and Geely will combine their ICE in a 50-50 entity. This dedicated business will design  develop  produce  and sell all ICE & hybrid powertrain components and systems with state-of-the-art technologies. Day 1  the entity will have a turnover of over €15 billion and a volume of 5 million units per year  already serving 8 customers who will benefit of increased synergies and productivity.This entity will be full-fledged and global  with:17 plants supplying 130 countries5 R&D centers in Europe (Spain  Romania and Sweden)  China  and South America for a total of 3 000 engineersA total of 19 000 employees  across 3 continentsIt will offer a complete portfolio of technologies on all components: engine  gearbox  xHEV systems and batteries at best level. Thanks to this project  Renault Group will double both its scale and market coverage from 40% to 80% worldwide. This growth will be fueled by geographical expansion  with access to North America and China  and by products complementarity to come up with complete low emissions systems and solutions for OEMs. To do that  it will develop its technology portfolio in the field of alternative fuels seeking for cooperation with a potential partner from the energy industry.Renault brand ICE & Hybrid: globally upliftedEven with the sharp rise of the EV offer  the combustion engine vehicles will still continue to grow especially outside of Europe. Thus  Renault brand will remain present on ICE & hybrid markets  especially in Latin America  India  South Korea and North Africa. Renault ICE & Hybrid passenger cars sales will keep growing 2% per year on average over 2022-2030.To uplift the brand in all geographies  Renault will continue its C-segment offensive and will grow by 20% its net revenue  while expanding its contribution margin by 30% between 2022 and 2030.Dacia: growing from >10% operating margin to 15% by 2030Dacia’s model is unique  built upon the combination of three main components:An engineering focus on design-to-cost already providing a solid double-digit cost advantageA unique industrial and sourcing footprint with a benchmark cost competitivenessAn asset-light distribution model ensuring costs comparable to agency model85% retail channel mixAs a consequence  Dacia already generates an operating margin above 10%  and aims to reach 15% by 2030.To achieve this ambition  Dacia  currently a B-segment champion will boldly enter the C-segment. After Jogger this year  Dacia Bigster will embody this move and 2 other vehicles will follow  allowing Dacia to double its profit pool coverage. In parallel  Dacia will also keep lowering costs and will benefit from the doubling of the volume of the global CMF-B platform across brands which will reach 2 million units by 2030.Dacia will contribute to reinvent the ICE value chain through the cooperation with Horse project by developing breakthrough powertrains adaptation for alternative & synthetic fuels. Dacia will smoothly transition to EV in Europe by pioneering affordable EV solutions.LCV: propelled into the future by two game changersRenault Group’s LCV business relies on solid foundations with over 5 million vehicles in European car park  an ecosystem of over 600 dedicated Pro+ dealers  4 plants and the most up-to-date line-up by 2026.Renault LCV will develop two game changing projects to address a dynamic and changing market:Hyvia : the Group’s joint-venture with Plug for carbon-free hydrogen mobility offers a complete ecosystem  from fuel cells vehicles  to electrolyzers  to hydrogen refueling. It combines Plug’s H2 expertise with Renault Group’s industrial and engineering assets. Hyvia aims for 30% of the hydrogen-powered LCV market by 2030  in Europe and a cumulated order intake of €1 billion by 2026.: the Group’s joint-venture with Plug for carbon-free hydrogen mobility offers a complete ecosystem  from fuel cells vehicles  to electrolyzers  to hydrogen refueling. It combines Plug’s H2 expertise with Renault Group’s industrial and engineering assets. Hyvia aims for 30% of the hydrogen-powered LCV market by 2030  in Europe and a cumulated order intake of €1 billion by 2026. FlexEVan: a game changing EV & software defined family of vans to be deployed on the market from 2026. FlexEVan will be compact for urban use thanks to a specially designed EV platform. FlexEVan will benefit from the SDV developed within Ampere. The vehicle will thus become a fully connected warehouse extension  integrated into the customer's digital ecosystem. It will be the first vehicle to benefit from the application of the software-defined vehicle technology at Renault Group  allowing notably for real-time  end-to-end operations monitoring and data-driven fleet management. FlexEVan will reduce the total lifecycle cost of usage for the clients by at least 30%  i.e. more than the price of the van. To support the development of FlexEVan  Renault Group intends to create Flexis  a partnership with a relevant partner having experience in the sector and a complementary activity. Thanks to this partnership  developments will be shared  meaning a significant decrease in costs and a maximization of customers coverage.Ampere: the 1st EV and software pure player born from an OEM disruptionWith Ampere  Renault Group is creating a standalone company that will be the 1st EV and software pure player born from an OEM disruption. Ampere will develop  manufacture  and sell full EV passenger cars  with cutting-edge software-defined vehicle (SDV) technology  under the Renault brand. Ampere will bring the best of both worlds: know-how and assets from Renault Group with the focus and agility of an EV pure player.Based in France  Ampere will be a full-fledged OEM with around 10 000 employees. As a tech company  Ampere will drive innovation with around 3 500 engineers  half of them specialized in software.Before 2030  Ampere’s line-up of 6 electric cars will be ideally positioned on the fastest-growing segments in Europe covering 80% of the EV mainstream profit pool: the B segment with the new Renault 5 Electric and Renault 4 Electric  and the C segment with Megane E-tech Electric  Scénic Electric and 2 other vehicles to be revealed. A large portion of the investments of the first 4 vehicles has already been spent.Ampere targets to produce around 1 million EVs for the Renault brand in 2031. Ampere is a growth story  with above 30% of compound annual growth rate (CAGR) in the 10 years to come.Ampere relies on 3 tech backbones making it unique in the EV and software ecosystem:A high-tech and top - competitive manufacturing footprint : ElectriCity  already one of the major and most competitive EV production poles in Europe: in 2025  a vehicle will be produced in less than 10 hours. 400k units production capacity from day 1  scalable to 1 million leveraging other Renault Group facilities  ElectriCity also offers a unique local ecosystem with 80% of the suppliers within 300km: ElectriCity  already one of the major and most competitive EV production poles in Europe: in 2025  a vehicle will be produced in less than 10 hours. 400k units production capacity from day 1  scalable to 1 million leveraging other Renault Group facilities  ElectriCity also offers a unique local ecosystem with 80% of the suppliers within 300km A European EV value chain : Ampere is partnering with the most relevant players to access to know-how  to secure sustainable supply and to gain visibility and control on costs and performance. Thanks to its European-based supply chain  Ampere will secure the supply for more than 80 GWh required for its cars by 2030. From 10% coverage of the EV value chain in 2020  it is now above 30% and will reach 80% by 2030: Ampere is partnering with the most relevant players to access to know-how  to secure sustainable supply and to gain visibility and control on costs and performance. Thanks to its European-based supply chain  Ampere will secure the supply for more than 80 GWh required for its cars by 2030. From 10% coverage of the EV value chain in 2020  it is now above 30% and will reach 80% by 2030 A breakthrough Software - D efined V ehicle (SDV) technology : SDV is the future of the automotive industry  allowing the car to be constantly upgradable throughout its lifecycle  learning from its users  and keeping the vehicle linked from cradle to grave to the OEM. To launch its first open and horizontal SDV in 2026  Renault Group has built deep partnerships with 2 major tech players: Qualcomm Technologies to co-develop high-performance computing platforms based on Snapdragon Digital® Chassis™ solutions for the Centralized Electronic Architecture. This includes System on Chip and low layers software in addition to features  in-car services and applications. Qualcomm Technologies  or one of its affiliates  intends to invest in the Renault Group's dedicated electric and software company Ampere Google with whom the collaboration includes an Android-based platform for Software-Defined Vehicle and cloud software to enable a SDV digital twin: SDV is the future of the automotive industry  allowing the car to be constantly upgradable throughout its lifecycle  learning from its users  and keeping the vehicle linked from cradle to grave to the OEM. To launch its first open and horizontal SDV in 2026  Renault Group has built deep partnerships with 2 major tech players:Building the SDV in a horizontal way is unique in the entire industry. It reduces development time and cost. Partnering with Google to create this open platform based on Android allows Ampere to leverage one of the world’s largest global ecosystem of third-party apps developers. They will come up with a variety of services that will enrich the user experience while accelerating the development of features through the lifetime of the vehicle.These partnerships will enable Renault Group to reduce costs  improve efficiency  flexibility and speed of vehicle developments  and increase value for end-users thanks to continuous software innovation and updates.Alpine: a high-end zero-emission global brand with a racing pedigreeOver the past two years  Alpine has had a rebirth  capitalizing on its iconic A110 sports coupé and on its entry into Formula 1  where it aims to become a championship contender. Today  Alpine is a true high-end brand  a full-fledged OEM  asset-light  tech focused  a team of 2 000 people  of which 50% are engineers. Being part of the Group ensures Alpine access to Ampere EV and Software technological assets. Looking forward  Alpine will leverage commercial partnerships and investors support to accelerate its growth and international expansion.Alpine is developing a brand-new line-up that will fuel its growth and international ambitions. It will be full-electric from 2026. By then  Alpine will also reveal the next A110  and 2 new models: a B-hatchback and a C+ crossover. Alpine then plans to launch two D and E segments cutting-edge cars to support its international expansion. As a result  we expect half of Alpine’s growth to come from new markets beyond Europe including potentially North America and China.Mobilize: built around a leading financial services company to enter the market of new mobility  energy and data-based servicesMobilize is built around a core asset  Mobilize Financial Services (MFS)  one of the best financial services providers on the market with 4 million of customers. MFS will expand its traditional business while developing new businesses such as subscription  insurance  and operational leasing.Mobilize is set to become a leading and profitable Vehicle-as-a-Service (VaaS) dedicated provider  combining financial  mobility  energy and data-based services supported by purpose-designed vehicles. These services  aggregated in a one-stop-shop solution  will serve the needs of retail customers  fleets and mobility operators while generating recurring revenue. What makes Mobilize different from any other automotive brand is that it comes from the services to the product and not the other way around. Thanks to the VaaS model  Mobilize will generate 3 times more revenue during the whole vehicle lifecycle  compared to classic sales.The Future Is NEUTRAL: the first 360° circular economy company in the automotive industry from closed-loop in materials to battery recyclingTo materialize its commitment to circular economy and to move towards resources neutrality  Renault Group announced on October 13th the creation of a new company: The Future Is NEUTRAL. Bringing together all the existing expertise of the Group and its partners in this activity  this new entity offers closed-loop recycling solutions at each stage of a vehicle's life: supply of parts and raw materials  production  usage and end of life. From around 50% of value chain coverage today  The Future Is NEUTRAL aims to reach above 90% by 2030. It is set to become the European leader at industrial scale in the closed-loop automotive circular economy. It will service Renault Group as well as the entire industry. In order to accelerate its development and strengthen its leadership  The Future Is NEUTRAL is opening up a minority of its capital to outside investors with the objective of to co-finance investments of around €500 million until 2030.ESG: a performance lever for Renault GroupThe Group’s Revolution will see an acceleration of its ESG trajectory representing a key driver for the operating and financial performance of the Group.The business re-engineering of Renault Group will enable it to become a front-runner in the quest for carbon neutrality and inclusive future.On the climate front  the Group aims for carbon neutrality in Europe in 2040 and worldwide by 2050  adopting a cradle to grave approach. The Group has set intermediate carbon footprint reduction targets to lead the way  with specific action plans for each of its businesses.Each business has its own ESG objectives  all of them benefitting to the Group ESG targets:Power Ampere Alpine Mobilize The FutureIs NEUTRAL Affordable mobilityUp to -70%CO 2 emissions per vehicle by 2030 100% EV line-upCarbon neutrality in production in 2025Local value chainUpskilling & reskilling 100% EV line-up by 2026Carbon neutrality in production by 2030 100% electric line-upRenewable energyBattery second life Car-to-car parts & materials closed loopsBattery recycling>90% coverage of the circular economy value chain by 2030In regards with the Renault Group’s tradition of social responsibility  it will accompany the transition  upskilling & reskilling of thousands of people towards the new value chains of the automotive revolution. As an example  with ReKnow University  open to the entire industry  15 000 Renault Group’s employees and 4 500 students and suppliers will be trained by 2025 to future auto industry skills in electric mobility  circular economy  software and cybersecurity & data.Cash talksThe Group’s re-engineering along 5 businesses will be directly reflected in its financial reporting to improve simplicity  accountability and transparency  both internally and externally. The performances of these 5 businesses will continue to build on the financial discipline implemented during the Resurrection phase. The Group’s levers – value over volume  competitiveness and capital efficiency – will be further accelerated respectively by its new products offensive  a strong focus on variable costs  sustainable supplier network development and digitization. And furthermore  a unique ecosystemic partnership approach will extend the coverage of key value chains with a low capital intensity bias.To face current industry unprecedented transformation challenge  Renault Group developed an approach based on two principles:A self-financed plan  secured by strong free cash-flow generation from its businessesPartnerships or external funding to accelerate growth  innovation or competitiveness and reduce capital requirementsAmpere: low cash-burn & external fundingRenault Group wishes to accelerate Ampere’s future development and propel Renault brand into its electric future without drawing heavily on the Group’s financial resources. In this context  the Group envisages external partners and investors to embark on the journey with assumptions as follows:Established EV player with limited cash burn. Free cash-flow above 0 in 2025Open to external investors to accelerate R&D and ecosystem developmentAlliance scale (Renault Group  Nissan  Mitsubishi Motors): equity participation under studyEnvisaged IPO on Euronext Paris earliest H2 2023 (subject to market conditions) with Renault Group keeping strong majority and the support of potential strategic cornerstone investors (including Qualcomm Technologies)Horse project: financially optimizing the ICE & hybrid powertrain futureFrom a financial standpoint  Horse project aims at providing productivity gains  fixed costs reduction and significant Group’s balance sheet improvement. Renault Group will keep 50% of the entity  a level which would lead to the deconsolidation of this activity from Renault Group’s scope and financial statements  starting from H2 2023.The carve-out impacts are estimated as follows:€2.5 billion fixed assets reduction€1.2 billion fixed costs variabilization  per year on average and €2.4 billion reduction in R&D and Capex from 2023 to 2030Powertrain cost competitiveness: €2.5 billion from 2023-2030. Positive impact as early as 2024A dividend stream corresponding to Renault Group retained ownershipA potential future capital gainFinancial outlook per business: profit & cash are kingPower Ampere Alpine Mobilize The FutureIs NEUTRAL Value proposition Cash-flowgeneration Profitable growth & innovation with low execution risk Internationallygrowinghigh-end anchor Recurring services revenue with high margins Sustainable & profitable growth Revenue +4% CAGR 2022-2027-4% CAGR2027-2030 >30% CAGR 2022-2030~1 million vehicles in 203111% R&D Capex (in % of revenue  on average 2022-2030) 40% CAGR 2022-2030€2 billion revenue in 2026>€8 billion revenue in 2030 +8% CAGR2022-20252022-2025 +14% CAGR 2026-2030 From €0.8 billion revenuein 2022 to>€2.3 billion1in 2030 Operating margin ~+3pts auto operating margin2022-2025 Breakevenin 2025in 2025 ~10% in 2030 Breakevenin 2026in 2026 >10% in 2030 MBA 2 : breakevenby 2025 and double-digit by 2027: breakeven by 2025 and double-digit by 2027 MFS2: high double-digit operating margin >10% margin1in 20301 The Future Is NEUTRAL outlook: Total Scope  Sum of the Parts – not entirely within Renault Group scope of consolidation2 MBA: Mobilize Beyond Automotive; MFS: Mobilize Financial ServicesRenault Group financial outlook: new heights!Renault Group aims to reach the following targets:Operating margin: above 8% in 2025 and above 10% by 2030 Free cash-flow: above €2 billion per year on average over 2023-2025 and above €3 billion per year on average over 2026-2030 Free cash-flow will include Mobilize Financial Services dividend projected to be above €500m per year on average (subject to regulatory and MFS board approvals) R&D and Capex: capped at the maximum of 8.0% of revenue over 2022-2030 ROCE: above 30% from 2025Furthermore  Renault Group confirms its 2022 FY financial outlook with:A Group operating margin above 5%An Automotive operational free cash-flow above €1.5 billionReinstating the dividendRenault Group plans to restore dividend payment from 2023 (for the 2022 full year – pending Shareholders’ General Meeting approval). This dividend symbolizes a new era and then will gradually grow in a disciplined manner up to 35% payout ratio of Group consolidated net income – parent share  in the mid-term. To do so  the Group must achieve its first priority which is to turn back to an investment grade rating.Capital allocation policy: implementing a balanced capital allocationRenault Group aims at using at least 50% of the excess cash generated to reinvest in the Group. Looking forward  Renault Group intends to be more active on financial investments  in line with its ecosystemic approach  but limiting them to maximum 15% to 20% of its free cash-flow.For the remaining cash allocation  aside from dividend  the Group wishes to associate its employees to its performance to foster a common sense of belonging to the project and nurture a culture of value. Through dedicated employees’ shareholding programs  it ambitions to see the employee shareholding portion grow to 10% of the Group capital by 2030.Existing bonds will remain under Renault SA  the issuer of the industrial activities of the Group. Each business could use financing instruments depending on its own needs and strategy.AllianceRenault Group  Nissan and Mitsubishi Motors are currently engaged in discussions to jointly address the new challenges and opportunities driving the future of the automotive industry  which include:An agreement on a set of strategic common initiatives across markets  products  and technologiesNissan and Mitsubishi Motors consideration to invest in Ampere which will support Renault Group’s Renaulution strategy and will be one of the strategic steps towards Nissan Ambition 2030 and Mitsubishi Motors strategyStructural improvements to ensure sustainable Alliance operations and governance** *This plan will be presented to employee representative bodies in accordance with applicable regulations.The presentation is available on www.renaultgroup.com.* **About Renault GroupRenault Group is at the forefront of a mobility that is reinventing itself. Strengthened by its alliance with Nissan and Mitsubishi Motors  and its unique expertise in electrification  Renault Group comprises 4 complementary brands - Renault  Dacia  Alpine and Mobilize - offering sustainable and innovative mobility solutions to its customers. Established in more than 130 countries  the Group has sold 2.7 million vehicles in 2021. It employs nearly 111 000 people who embody its Purpose every day  so that mobility brings people closer. Ready to pursue challenges both on the road and in competition  Renault Group is committed to an ambitious transformation that will generate value. This is centred on the development of new technologies and services  and a new range of even more competitive  balanced and electrified vehicles. In line with environmental challenges  the Group’s ambition is to achieve carbon neutrality in Europe by 2040.https://www.renaultgroup.com/en/RENAULT GROUP INVESTORRELATIONS Philippine de Schonen+33 6 13 45 68 39philippine.de-schonen@renault.comRENAULT GROUPPRESS RELATIONSPRESSE Frédéric Texier+33 6 10 78 49 20frederic.texier@renault.com Astrid de Latude+33 6 25 63 22 08astrid.de-latude@renault.comDisclaimerThis press release contains forward-looking statements. All statements other than statements of historical fact included in this press release are forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements give the current expectations and projections of Renault Group relating to its financial condition  results of operations  plans  objectives  future performance and business. These statements may include  without limitation  any statements preceded by  followed by or including words such as “target ” “believe ” “expect ” “aim ” “intend ” “may ” “estimate ” “plan ” “project ” “will ” “should ” “would ” “could” and other words and terms of similar meaning or the negative thereof. Such forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks  uncertainties and other important factors beyond Renault Group’ control that could cause the Renault Group’ actual results  performance or achievements to be materially different from the expected results  performance or achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. These risks and uncertainties include those discussed or identified under Chapter 4 of the Universal Registration Document of Renault Group  filed with the French Autorité des marchés financiers (AMF) on 24 March 2022 and available on the Company’s website (www.renaultgroup.com) and the AMF’s website (www.amf-france.org). Such forward-looking statements are based on numerous assumptions regarding Renault Group’ present and future business strategies and the environment in which it will operate in the future. Accordingly  readers of this press release are cautioned against relying on these forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are made as of the date of this press release. In addition  the forward-looking financial information included in this press release has not been audited by Renault Group’s statutory auditors.This press release does not contain or constitute an offer of securities for sale or an invitation or inducement to invest in securities in France  the United States or any other jurisdiction.Attachment",neutral,0.15,0.84,0.01,positive,0.81,0.17,0.02,True,English,"['Renault Group', 'Renaulution', 'Revolution', 'F1 Team assets Light Commercial Vehicles', 'high-end zero-emission global brand', 'battery recycling Po wer', 'leading worldwide Tier 1 supplier', 'Shareholders’ General Meeting approval', 'potential strategic cornerstone investors', 'innovative low emissions ICE', 'Next Gen automotive company', 'leading powertrain technology company', 'leading financial services company', 'Renault Group CMD PR_Renaulution', 'first 360° circular economy company', 'R&D assets', 'unique asset-light model', '2 major tech players', 'Centralized Electronic Architecture', 'end operations monitoring', 'data-driven fleet management', 'investment grade rating', 'unexpected recovery plans', 'open partnerships ecosystem', 'Renault Group team', 'Solid financial outlook', 'Software pure player', 'traditional core business', 'game changing EV', 'to 35% payout ratio', 'hybrid powertrain technologies', 'new value chains', 'new mobility services', 'Renault LCV brands', 'Car OS Alpine', 'commercial partnerships', 'hybrid vehicles', 'electric vehicles', 'data-based services', 'financial valuation', 'first EV', 'investors support', 'new era', 'first priority', 'new sign', 'automotive industry', 'deep partnerships', 'mobility operators', 'proprietary technologies', 'Qualcomm Technologies', 'game-changing technologies', 'French English', 'Press Release', 'Live conference', '00 Paris time', 'initial targets', 'third chapter', '5 focused businesses', 'racing pedigree', 'closed loop', 'dedicated organization', 'Horse project', 'technological, manufacturing', 'Euronext Paris', 'strong majority', 'S oftware', 'V ehicle', 'software-defined family', 'disruptive concept', 'Operating margin', 'Free cash-flow', 'disciplined manner', 'net income', 'parent share', 'employees’ shareholding', 'mobility industry', 'The Future', 'future challenges', 'market conditions', 'Dividend policy', 'future growth', 'Renaulution plan', 'OEM disruption', 'Revolution', 'renaultgroup', 'resources', 'transformation', 'addition', 'Ampere', 'Mobilize', 'energy', 'materials', 'Dacia', 'governance', 'creation', 'Geely', 'revenues', 'Day', 'IPO', 'Google', 'development', 'SDV', 'half', 'Europe', 'vans', 'FlexEVan', 'real-time', 'usage', 'year', 'average', 'payment', 'mid-term', 'return', '2022 FY', 'Ambition', 'announcements', 'determination', 'opportunities', 'fastest', '9']",2022-11-08,2022-11-08,globenewswire.com
12896,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.capitalfm.co.ke/business/2022/11/renault-reorganises-towards-electric-future/,Renault reorganises towards electric future - Capital Business,PARIS  France  Nov 8 - French automaker Renault presented its green revamp to investors Tuesday  splitting its operations in two: a new electric vehicle Kenya breaking news | Kenya news today |,0 SHARES Share TweetPARIS  France  Nov 8 – French automaker Renault presented its green revamp to investors Tuesday  splitting its operations in two: a new electric vehicle unit and a subsidiary for thermal and hybrid assets that will pair up with China’s Geely.The electric vehicle market is expected to grow rapidly in response to consumers’ worries about climate change  putting pressure on manufacturers to develop less polluting products.The European Union last month agreed to phase out new CO2-emitting vehicles by 2035  a move set to turbo-charge the production of electric prototypes on the continent.At an investor day in Paris on Tuesday  Renault outlined its green transformation.The car maker’s flagship division following the reorganisation will be Ampere  which will produce electric vehicles and employ around 10 000 staff in France.Renault plans to invite investment in Ampere but would remain the majority shareholder.Ampere is being prepared for an initial public offering on the Euronext Paris in the latter half of 2023  Renault said.Renault also intends to combine its technological  manufacturing and research and development activities for its hybrid and internal-combustion vehicles with Chinese automaker Geely in a new entity  “Horse”.The groups will share the division to design  develop  produce and sell components and systems for hybrid and internal-combustion vehicles  employing 19 000 people across Europe  China and South America.Advertisement. Scroll to continue reading.“We are designing an agile and innovative organisation to manage the volatility and accelerated technological evolution of our time ” said Renault CEO Luca de Meo.Investors on Monday expressed their interest in Renault’s transformation  with the group’s shares climbing 3.77 percent on the Paris stock market.The company suffered a historic loss in 2020 and its recovery was destabilised by its withdrawal from Russia following Moscow’s invasion of Ukraine.The value of traditional car manufacturers pales in comparison to new players on the market specialising in electric vehicles such as Elon Musk’s Tesla or Chinese firm BYD.Renault still needs large investment to accelerate its electric transformation  according to plans it presented in 2020.US giant Ford has taken similar steps  announcing the creation of the “Ford Model E” earlier this year.Renault’s sales of traditional internal-combustion vehicles are falling. In the first nine months of 2022  hybrid and electric vehicles represented 38 percent of the brand’s registrations in Europe  a year-on-year increase of 12 percent.The planned separation of Renault’s electric and conventional production has concerned trade unions after several waves of job cuts.Advertisement. Scroll to continue reading.,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,negative,0.0,0.11,0.88,True,English,"['electric future', 'Capital Business', 'Renault', 'Renault CEO Luca de Meo', 'new electric vehicle unit', 'less polluting products', 'The European Union', 'initial public offering', 'US giant Ford', 'Ford Model E', 'first nine months', 'electric vehicle market', 'new CO2-emitting vehicles', '0 SHARES Share Tweet', 'traditional internal-combustion vehicles', 'traditional car manufacturers', 'Paris stock market', 'new entity', 'new players', 'electric vehicles', 'car maker', 'electric prototypes', 'French automaker', 'green revamp', 'consumers’ worries', 'climate change', 'investor day', 'majority shareholder', 'latter half', 'development activities', 'Chinese automaker', 'South America', 'innovative organisation', 'technological evolution', 'historic loss', 'Elon Musk', 'Chinese firm', 'similar steps', 'year increase', 'trade unions', 'several waves', 'job cuts', 'electric transformation', 'Euronext Paris', 'green transformation', 'flagship division', 'large investment', 'conventional production', 'hybrid assets', 'France', 'investors', 'operations', 'subsidiary', 'thermal', 'China', 'Geely', 'response', 'pressure', 'move', 'continent', 'Tuesday', 'reorganisation', 'Ampere', '10,000 staff', 'manufacturing', 'research', 'Horse', 'groups', 'components', 'systems', '19,000 people', 'Advertisement', 'agile', 'volatility', 'time', 'Monday', 'interest', 'company', 'recovery', 'withdrawal', 'Russia', 'Moscow', 'invasion', 'Ukraine', 'value', 'comparison', 'Tesla', 'BYD', 'plans', 'creation', 'sales', '38 percent', 'brand', 'registrations', '12 percent', 'separation', '2022']",2022-11-08,2022-11-08,capitalfm.co.ke
12897,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.enca.com/business/renault-unveils-sweeping-overhaul-electric-future,Renault unveils sweeping overhaul for electric future,French automaker Renault unveiled a sweeping green revamp  splitting its operations in two.,"French automaker Renault unveiled a sweeping green revamp Tuesday  splitting its operations in two: a new electric vehicle unit and a subsidiary for petrol  diesel and hybrid cars that will pair up with China's Geely.The car maker's flagship division following the reorganisation will be Ampere  which will aim to produce a million electric vehicles by 2031  the group said ahead of an investor day in Paris.The new division will employ around 10 000 staff in France.The overhaul comes amid expectations the electric vehicle market will grow rapidly in response to consumers' worries about climate change  putting pressure on manufacturers to develop less polluting products.The European Union last month agreed to phase out new CO2-emitting vehicles by 2035  a move set to turbo-charge the production of electric prototypes on the continent.Ampere will produce the new Renault 5 and Renault 4 among other models in northern France and will target more than 30-percent growth annually over the next eight years.Renault said it would list Ampere on the Euronext Paris stock exchange in the latter half of 2023 and invite investment but will retain ""a strong majority"".Renault -- in which the French state and car maker Nissan each own 15 percent -- has still to outline the part that its Japanese partner will play in the new electric division.- Financing electric drive -For hybrid and internal-combustion vehicles  Renault plans to combine its technological  manufacturing and research and development activities with Chinese automaker Geely.The 50-50 partnership with the Chinese group -- owner of Volvo -- will develop and produce engines  gear boxes and other components for hybrid and petrol and diesel vehicles.It will employ 19 000 people across Europe  China and South America  and have 17 factories and five research and development centres.""We are designing an agile and innovative organisation to manage the volatility and accelerated technological evolution of our time "" said Renault chief executive Luca de Meo.Investors on Monday expressed their interest in Renault's transformation  with the group's shares climbing 3.77 percent on the Paris stock market.The company suffered a historic loss in 2020 due to the Covid-19 pandemic and its recovery was destabilised by its withdrawal from Russia following Moscow's invasion of Ukraine.In late July  Renault said that its decision to quit the Russian market had pushed it deep into the red in the first half of 2022.Two months earlier  it had sold its 100-percent stake in Renault Russia and its 68-percent stake in AVTOVAZ.But with its new revamp  Renault said it planned to resume paying shareholders a dividend next year for the first time since 2019.The value of traditional car manufacturers pales in comparison to new players on the market specialising in electric vehicles such as Elon Musk's Tesla or Chinese firm BYD.US giant Ford has taken similar steps  announcing the creation of the ""Ford Model E"" electric subsidiary earlier this year.And German auto group Volkswagen launched its premium sports brand Porsche on the stock market to finance its investment in electric  connected and autonomous cars.Renault's sales of traditional internal-combustion vehicles are falling.In the first nine months of 2022  hybrid and electric vehicles represented 38 percent of the brand's registrations in Europe  a year-on-year increase of 12 percent.The planned separation of Renault's electric and conventional production has concerned trade unions after several waves of job cuts.agu-etb-tsz/imm-kjm/yadBy Taimaz Szirniks",neutral,0.05,0.95,0.0,negative,0.09,0.03,0.88,True,English,"['sweeping overhaul', 'electric future', 'Renault', 'Renault chief executive Luca de Meo', 'Ford Model E"" electric subsidiary', 'German auto group Volkswagen', 'Euronext Paris stock exchange', 'new electric vehicle unit', 'US giant Ford', 'less polluting products', 'The European Union', 'next eight years', 'Financing electric drive', 'sweeping green revamp', 'electric vehicle market', 'first nine months', 'million electric vehicles', 'new CO2-emitting vehicles', 'premium sports brand', 'traditional internal-combustion vehicles', 'Paris stock market', 'new electric division', 'traditional car manufacturers', 'new revamp', 'new division', 'electric prototypes', 'electric, connected', 'new players', 'car maker', 'flagship division', 'first half', 'Russian market', 'new Renault', 'French automaker', 'investor day', ""consumers' worries"", 'climate change', 'other models', '30-percent growth', 'latter half', 'strong majority', 'French state', 'Japanese partner', 'technological, manufacturing', 'development activities', 'Chinese automaker', '50-50 partnership', 'Chinese group', 'gear boxes', 'other components', 'South America', 'development centres', 'innovative organisation', 'technological evolution', 'historic loss', 'Covid-19 pandemic', 'late July', '100-percent stake', '68-percent stake', 'Elon Musk', 'Chinese firm', 'similar steps', 'autonomous cars', 'year increase', 'trade unions', 'several waves', 'job cuts', 'Taimaz Szirniks', 'diesel vehicles', 'first time', 'northern France', 'five research', 'conventional production', 'hybrid cars', 'Renault Russia', 'operations', 'petrol', 'China', 'Geely', 'reorganisation', 'Ampere', '10,000 staff', 'overhaul', 'expectations', 'response', 'pressure', 'move', 'continent', 'investment', 'Nissan', '15 percent', 'owner', 'Volvo', 'engines', '19,000 people', '17 factories', 'agile', 'volatility', 'Investors', 'Monday', 'interest', 'transformation', 'shares', 'company', 'recovery', 'withdrawal', 'Moscow', 'invasion', 'Ukraine', 'decision', 'red', 'AVTOVAZ', 'shareholders', 'value', 'comparison', 'Tesla', 'BYD', 'creation', 'Porsche', 'sales', '38 percent', 'registrations', '12 percent', 'separation', 'yad', '2022']",2022-11-08,2022-11-08,enca.com
12898,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/ucb-reinforces-commitment-to-rheumatology-with-15-abstracts-including-new-late-breaking-data-at-acr-convergence-2022-301671924.html,UCB Reinforces Commitment to Rheumatology With 15 Abstracts Including New Late-Breaking Data at ACR Convergence 2022,Late-breaking 52-week data on investigational bimekizumab in the treatment of adults with active psoriatic arthritis and active axial spondyloarthritis to be presented New data on CIMZIA® (certolizumab pegol) and bimekizumab underscore UCB's commitment to inn…,"Late-breaking 52-week data on investigational bimekizumab in the treatment of adults with active psoriatic arthritis and active axial spondyloarthritis to be presentedNew data on CIMZIA® (certolizumab pegol) and bimekizumab underscore UCB's commitment to innovative research in rheumatologyBRUSSELS and ATLANTA  Nov. 8  2022 /PRNewswire/ -- UCB  a global biopharmaceutical company  today announced that it will present 15 abstracts across its rheumatology portfolio at ACR Convergence 2022 to be held in Philadelphia  November 10–14  2022. The abstracts  including two with late-breaking data  have been accepted as four oral presentations  eight e-posters  and three ""Ignite Talks "" which are five-minute in-person presentations focused on the highest-ranked posters at the meeting.""The breadth of new data we are presenting at ACR Convergence 2022  including the first presentation of bimekizumab 52-week data in psoriatic arthritis  ankylosing spondylitis and non-radiographic axial spondyloarthritis  underscore our commitment to address unmet patient needs and to raise standards of care "" said Emmanuel Caeymaex  Executive Vice President  Immunology Solutions and Head of U.S.  UCB.UCB is investigating bimekizumab in psoriatic arthritis (PsA)  non-radiographic axial spondyloarthritis (nr-axSpA)  and ankylosing spondylitis (AS). Bimekizumab is an investigational product; its efficacy and safety have not been established for any indication in the U.S. and it is not approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA).Bimekizumab data highlightsData evaluating bimekizumab in the treatment of PsA and across the spectrum of axSpA will be shared across three oral presentations  three ""Ignite Talks "" and six e-posters.One oral presentation and one ""Ignite Talk "" will detail late-breaking 52-week data from the bimekizumab studies. The oral presentation will present results from the Phase 3 BE OPTIMAL study evaluating bimekizumab in patients with active PsA who were biologic naïve. The ""Ignite Talk"" will share data from the Phase 3 BE MOBILE 1 and BE MOBILE 2 studies evaluating bimekizumab in the treatment of nr-axSpA and AS  respectively.A second oral presentation will share data from the Phase 3 BE COMPLETE study  evaluating bimekizumab in the treatment of active PsA in patients with a previous inadequate response or intolerance to tumor necrosis factor inhibitors (TNFi-IR). A third oral presentation will share 24-week data from the Phase 3 BE MOBILE 1 study evaluating bimekizumab in nr-axSpA.In addition  24-week data from the BE MOBILE 2 study evaluating bimekizumab in the treatment of AS and key patient reported outcomes from the Phase 3 BE MOBILE 1 and BE MOBILE 2 studies will be presented in two ""Ignite Talks.""CIMZIA® (certolizumab pegol) data highlightsData evaluating certolizumab pegol in the treatment of active axSpA will also be shared across one oral presentation and two e-posters. The oral presentation will detail an exploratory analysis that aims to evaluate the relationship between objective signs of inflammation and clinical outcomes following 12 weeks of certolizumab pegol treatment in patients with active axSpA.The following is a guide to the UCB-sponsored data presentations at ACR Convergence 2022:Bimekizumab abstracts: Psoriatic ArthritisBimekizumab Treatment in Biologic DMARD-Naïve Patients with Active Psoriatic Arthritis: 52-Week Efficacy and Safety Results from a Phase 3  Randomized  Placebo-Controlled  Active Reference StudyC. Ritchlin  L. C. Coates  I. McInnes  P. J. Mease  J. Merola  Y. Tanaka  A. Asahina  L. Gossec  A. Gottlieb  D. Thaçi  B. Ink  D. Assudani  R. Bajracharya  V. Shende  J. Coarse  R. Landewé#L02Oral presentation: Monday  November 14   9:15am – 9:25am (ET)C. Ritchlin  L. C. Coates  I. McInnes  P. J. Mease  J. Merola  Y. Tanaka  A. Asahina  L. Gossec  A. Gottlieb  D. Thaçi  B. Ink  D. Assudani  R. Bajracharya  V. Shende  J. Coarse  R. Landewé #L02 Oral presentation:   – Bimekizumab Treatment in Patients with Active Psoriatic Arthritis and Inadequate Response to Tumor Necrosis Factor Inhibitors: 16-week Efficacy and Safety from a Phase 3  Randomized  Double-Blind  Placebo-Controlled StudyJ. Merola  R. Landewé  I.B. McInnes  P.J. Mease  C. Ritchlin  Y. Tanaka  A. Asahina  F. Behrens  D. Gladman  L. Gossec  R. Warren  B. Ink  D. Assudani  R. Bajracharya  J. Coarse  L. Coates.#1599Oral presentation: Sunday  November 13   3:30pm – 3:40pm (ET)J. Merola  R. Landewé  I.B. McInnes  P.J. Mease  C. Ritchlin  Y. Tanaka  A. Asahina  F. Behrens  D. Gladman  L. Gossec  R. Warren  B. Ink  D. Assudani  R. Bajracharya  J. Coarse  L. Coates. #1599 Oral presentation:   – Bimekizumab Treatment Improves Health-Related Quality of Life in Biologic DMARD-Naïve and TNFi-IR Patients with Active PsA: Pooled 16-Week Results From Two Phase 3 Randomized  Placebo-Controlled StudiesD. Gladman  L.E. Kristensen  D. Thaçi  P. Gisondi  L. Gossec  M.E. Husni  A. Gottlieb  H. Dobashi  B. Ink  D. Assudani  R. Bajracharya  J. Coarse  J. Lambert  W. Tillett#2122e-Poster: Monday  November 14   1:00pm – 3:00pm (ET)D. Gladman  L.E. Kristensen  D. Thaçi  P. Gisondi  L. Gossec  M.E. Husni  A. Gottlieb  H. Dobashi  B. Ink  D. Assudani  R. Bajracharya  J. Coarse  J. Lambert  W. Tillett #2122 e-Poster:   – Bimekizumab Improvements in Efficacy on Disease Activity Assessed via Composite Endpoints in Biologic DMARD-naïve and TNFi-IR Patients with Active PsA: Pooled 16-Week Results from Phase 3 Randomized  Placebo-Controlled StudiesP.J. Mease  L. Coates  R. Landewé  I.B. McInnes  C. Ritchlin  T. Atsumi  F. Behrens  D. Gladman  L. Gossec  P. Nash  B. Ink  D. Assudani  R. Bajracharya  J. Coarse  A.R. Prickett  A.B. Gottlieb# 2117e-Poster: Monday  November 14   1:00pm – 3:00pm (ET)P.J. Mease  L. Coates  R. Landewé  I.B. McInnes  C. Ritchlin  T. Atsumi  F. Behrens  D. Gladman  L. Gossec  P. Nash  B. Ink  D. Assudani  R. Bajracharya  J. Coarse  A.R. Prickett  A.B. Gottlieb # 2117 e-Poster:   – Bimekizumab Treatment Results in Improvements in Fatigue and Pain in Biologic DMARD-Naïve or TNFi-IR Patients with Active Psoriatic Arthritis: Pooled 16-Week Results from Two Phase 3 Randomized  Placebo-Controlled StudiesM.E. Husni  P.J. Mease  J. Merola  F. Behrens  E.G. Favalli  D. McGonagle  W. Tillett  S. Tsuji  B. Ink  D. Assudani  R. Bajracharya  J. Coarse  J. Lambert  L. Gossec#2119e-Poster: Monday  November 14   1:00pm – 3:00pm (ET)M.E. Husni  P.J. Mease  J. Merola  F. Behrens  E.G. Favalli  D. McGonagle  W. Tillett  S. Tsuji  B. Ink  D. Assudani  R. Bajracharya  J. Coarse  J. Lambert  L. Gossec #2119 e-Poster:   – Achieving Increasingly Stringent Clinical Disease Control Criteria is Associated with Greater Improvements in Patient-Centric Measures of Physical Function and Pain in Patients with Active PsA: 16-Week Results from Two Phase 3 Randomized  Placebo-Controlled StudiesJ. Walsh  L. Coates  P.J. Mease  J. Merola  P. Nash  A. Ogdie  W. Tillett  P. Gisondi  B. Ink  D. Assudani  R. Bajracharya  J. Lambert  V. Taieb  D. Willems  L.E. Kristensen#2118e-Poster: Monday  November 14   1:00pm – 3:00pm (ET)Bimekizumab abstracts: Axial SpondyloarthritisBimekizumab Maintains Improvements in Efficacy Endpoints and Has a Consistent Safety Profile Through 52 Weeks in Patients with Non-Radiographic Axial Spondyloarthritis and Ankylosing Spondylitis: Results from Two Parallel Phase 3 StudiesX. Baraliakos  A. Deodhar  D. van der Heijde  M. Magrey  W. Maksymowych  T. Tomita  H. Xu  M. Oortgiesen  U. Massow  C. Fleurinck  A. M. Ellis  T. Vaux  J. Shepherd-Smith  A. Marten  L. S. Gensler#L14Ignite Talk: Monday  November 14   2:35pm – 2:40pm (ET)X. Baraliakos  A. Deodhar  D. van der Heijde  M. Magrey  W. Maksymowych  T. Tomita  H. Xu  M. Oortgiesen  U. Massow  C. Fleurinck  A. M. Ellis  T. Vaux  J. Shepherd-Smith  A. Marten  L. S. Gensler #L14 Ignite Talk:   – Bimekizumab Improves Signs and Symptoms  Including Inflammation  in Patients with Active Non-Radiographic Axial Spondyloarthritis: 24-Week Efficacy & Safety from a Phase 3  Multicenter  Randomized  Placebo-Controlled StudyA. Deodhar  D. van der Heijde  L. Gensler  H. Xu  K. Gaffney  H. Dobashi  W.P. Maksymowych  M. Rudwaleit  M. Magrey  D. Elewaut  M. Oortgiesen  C. Fleurinck  N. de Peyrecave  A. Ellis  T. Vaux  J. Shepherd-Smith  X. Baraliakos#0544Oral presentation: Saturday  November 12   5:00pm – 5:10pm (ET)A. Deodhar  D. van der Heijde  L. Gensler  H. Xu  K. Gaffney  H. Dobashi  W.P. Maksymowych  M. Rudwaleit  M. Magrey  D. Elewaut  M. Oortgiesen  C. Fleurinck  N. de Peyrecave  A. Ellis  T. Vaux  J. Shepherd-Smith  X. Baraliakos #0544 Oral presentation:   – Bimekizumab Improves Signs and Symptoms  Including Inflammation  in Patients with Active Ankylosing Spondylitis: 24-Week Efficacy & Safety From a Phase 3  Multicenter  Randomized  Placebo Controlled StudyD. van der Heijde  X. Baraliakos  M. Dougados  M. Brown  D. Poddubnyy  F. van den Bosch  N. Haroon  H. Xu  T. Tomita  L. Gensler  M. Oortgiesen  C. Fleurinck  N. de Peyrecave  T. Vaux  A Marten  A. Deodhar#0411Ignite Talk: Sunday  November 13   9:10am – 9:15am (ET)D. van der Heijde  X. Baraliakos  M. Dougados  M. Brown  D. Poddubnyy  F. van den Bosch  N. Haroon  H. Xu  T. Tomita  L. Gensler  M. Oortgiesen  C. Fleurinck  N. de Peyrecave  T. Vaux  A Marten  A. Deodhar #0411 Ignite Talk:   – Bimekizumab Improves Key Patient Reported Symptoms of Axial Spondyloarthritis Including Spinal Pain and Fatigue: Results from Two Phase 3 StudiesP.J. Mease  A. Deodhar  M. Dougados  M. Dubreuil  M. Magrey  H. Marzo-Ortega  M. Rudwaleit  C. de la Loge  A. Ellis  C. Fleurinck  M. Oortgiesen  V. Taieb  L. Gensler#0409Ignite Talk: Sunday  November 13   9:00am – 9:05am (ET)P.J. Mease  A. Deodhar  M. Dougados  M. Dubreuil  M. Magrey  H. Marzo-Ortega  M. Rudwaleit  C. de la Loge  A. Ellis  C. Fleurinck  M. Oortgiesen  V. Taieb  L. Gensler #0409 Ignite Talk:   – Bimekizumab Improves Physical Function and Health-Related Quality of Life in Patients with Axial Spondyloarthritis: Results From Two Phase 3 StudiesM. Dubreuil  K. Gaffney  L. Gensler  J. Kay  V. Navarro-Compán  C. de la Loge  A. Ellis  C. Fleurinck  M. Oortgiesen  V. Taieb  A. Deodhar#0412e-Poster: Saturday  November 12   1:00pm – 3:00pm (ET)M. Dubreuil  K. Gaffney  L. Gensler  J. Kay  V. Navarro-Compán  C. de la Loge  A. Ellis  C. Fleurinck  M. Oortgiesen  V. Taieb  A. Deodhar #0412 e-Poster:   – Achieving Increasingly Stringent Clinical Response Criteria & Lower Levels of Disease Activity Is Associated With Greater Improvements in Physical Function and HRQoL in Patients With Active Axial Spondyloarthritis: 16-Week Results From Two Phase 3 Randomized  Placebo-Controlled StudiesM. Magrey  A. Deodhar  P.J. Mease  V. Navarro-Compán  S. Ramiro  M. Rudwaleit  C. de la Loge  C. Fleurinck  V. Taieb  M.F. Mørup  M. Oortgiesen  J. Kay#0410e-Poster: Saturday  November 12   1:00pm – 3:00pm (ET)CIMZIA® (certolizumab pegol) abstracts: Axial SpondyloarthritisAn Exploratory Analysis of the Potential Disconnect Between Objective Inflammatory Response and Clinical Response following Certolizumab Pegol Treatment in Patients with Active Axial SpondyloarthritisM. Rudwaleit  F. van den Bosch  H. Marzo-Ortega  V. Navarro-Compán  R. Tham  T. Kumke  L. Bauer  M. Kim  L. Gensler#0543Oral presentation: Saturday  November 12   4:45pm – 4:55pm (ET)M. Rudwaleit  F. van den Bosch  H. Marzo-Ortega  V. Navarro-Compán  R. Tham  T. Kumke  L. Bauer  M. Kim  L. Gensler #0543 Oral presentation:   – Long-Term Clinical Outcomes of Certolizumab Pegol Treatment in Patients with Active Non–Radiographic Axial Spondyloarthritis Stratified by Baseline MRI and C-Reactive Protein StatusP.C. Robinson   W.P. Maksymowych  L. Gensler  M. Rudwaleit  B. Hoepken  L. Bauer  T. Kumke  M. Kim  A. Deodhar#0408e-Poster: Saturday  November 12   1:00pm – 3:00pm (ET)P.C.   W.P. Maksymowych  L. Gensler  M. Rudwaleit  B. Hoepken  L. Bauer  T. Kumke  M. Kim  A. Deodhar #0408 e-Poster:   – Comparison of Established and New  Preliminarily Proposed ASAS Cut-Offs for Inflammatory MRI Lesions in the Sacroiliac Joints of Axial Spondyloarthritis Patients and Implications for Recruitment in Clinical StudiesX. Baraliakos  P. Machado  L. Bauer  B. Hoepken  M. Kim  T. Kumke  R. Tham  M. Rudwaleit#1010e-Poster: Sunday  November 13   9:00am – 10:30am (ET)Abstracts to be presented at ACR Convergence 2022 are available at ACR Convergence 2022 Archives - ACR Meeting Abstracts (acrabstracts.org)Notes to editors:About BE OPTIMALBE OPTIMAL was a randomized  multicenter  double-blind  placebo-controlled  active reference (adalimumab)  parallel-group  Phase 3 study designed to evaluate the efficacy and safety of bimekizumab in the treatment of adult patients with active psoriatic arthritis  who are biologic disease-modifying anti-rheumatic drug naïve. For additional details on the study  visit BE OPTIMAL on clinicaltrials.gov.1About BE COMPLETEBE COMPLETE was a randomized  multicenter  double-blind  placebo-controlled  parallel-group  Phase 3 study designed to evaluate the efficacy and safety of bimekizumab in adults with active psoriatic arthritis and an inadequate response to tumor necrosis factor-alpha inhibitors (TNFαi). All enrolled study participants had a history of inadequate response (lack of efficacy after at least three months of therapy at an approved dose) or intolerance to treatment with one or two TNFαi for either psoriatic arthritis or psoriasis. For additional details on the study  visit BE COMPLETE on clinicaltrials.gov.2About BE MOBILE 1BE MOBILE 1 was a randomized  multicenter  double-blind  placebo-controlled  parallel-group  Phase 3 study designed to evaluate the efficacy and safety of bimekizumab in the treatment of adult patients with active nr-axSpA. For additional details on the study  visit BE MOBILE 1 on clinicaltrials.gov.3About BE MOBILE 2BE MOBILE 2 was a randomized  multicenter  double-blind  placebo-controlled  parallel-group  Phase 3 study designed to evaluate the efficacy and safety of bimekizumab in the treatment of adult patients with active AS. For additional details on the study  visit BE MOBILE 2 on clinicaltrials.gov.4About CIMZIA® in the U.S. 5CIMZIA® is the only Fc-free  PEGylated anti-TNF (tumor necrosis factor). CIMZIA has a high affinity for human TNF-alpha  selectively neutralizing the pathophysiological effects of TNF-alpha.CIMZIA is also indicated for the treatment of adults with moderately to severely active rheumatoid arthritis (RA)  adults with active psoriatic arthritis (PsA)  adults with active ankylosing spondylitis (AS)  and adults with active non-radiographic axial spondyloarthritis (nr-axSpA) with objective signs of inflammation.CIMZIA is indicated for the treatment of moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis (PSO) in adults who are candidates for systemic therapy or phototherapy.In addition  CIMZIA is indicated for reducing signs and symptoms of Crohn's disease (CD) and maintaining clinical response in adult patients with moderately to severely active disease who have had an inadequate response to conventional therapy. See important safety information including risk of serious bacterial  viral and fungal infections and tuberculosis below.IMPORTANT SAFETY INFORMATION about CIMZIA in the U.S.CONTRAINDICATIONSCIMZIA is contraindicated in patients with a history of hypersensitivity reaction to certolizumab pegol or to any of the excipients. Reactions have included angioedema  anaphylaxis  serum sickness  and urticaria.SERIOUS INFECTIONSPatients treated with CIMZIA are at increased risk for developing serious infections that may lead to hospitalization or death. Most patients who developed these infections were taking concomitant immunosuppressants such as methotrexate or corticosteroids.Discontinue CIMZIA if a patient develops a serious infection or sepsis.Reported infections include:Active tuberculosis (TB)  including reactivation of latent TB. Patients with TB have frequently presented with disseminated or extrapulmonary disease. Test patients for latent TB before CIMZIA use and during therapy. Initiate treatment for latent TB prior to CIMZIA use.Invasive fungal infections  including histoplasmosis  coccidioidomycosis  candidiasis  aspergillosis  blastomycosis  and pneumocystosis. Patients with histoplasmosis or other invasive fungal infections may present with disseminated  rather than localized  disease. Antigen and antibody testing for histoplasmosis may be negative in some patients with active infection. Consider empiric anti-fungal therapy in patients at risk for invasive fungal infections who develop severe systemic illness.Bacterial  viral  and other infections due to opportunistic pathogens  including Legionella and Listeria.Carefully consider the risks and benefits of treatment with CIMZIA prior to initiating therapy in the following patients: with chronic or recurrent infection; who have been exposed to TB; with a history of opportunistic infection; who resided in or traveled in regions where mycoses are endemic; with underlying conditions that may predispose them to infection. Monitor patients closely for the development of signs and symptoms of infection during and after treatment with CIMZIA  including the possible development of TB in patients who tested negative for latent TB infection prior to initiating therapy.Do not start CIMZIA during an active infection  including localized infections.Patients older than 65 years  patients with co-morbid conditions  and/or patients taking concomitant immunosuppressants may be at greater risk of infection.If an infection develops  monitor carefully and initiate appropriate therapy.MALIGNANCYLymphoma and other malignancies  some fatal  have been reported in children and adolescent patients treated with TNF blockers  of which CIMZIA is a member. CIMZIA is not indicated for use in pediatric patients.Consider the risks and benefits of CIMZIA treatment prior to initiating or continuing therapy in a patient with known malignancy.In clinical trials  more cases of malignancies were observed among CIMZIA-treated patients compared to control patients.In CIMZIA clinical trials  there was an approximately 2-fold higher rate of lymphoma than expected in the general U.S. population. Patients with rheumatoid arthritis  particularly those with highly active disease  are at a higher risk of lymphoma than the general population.Malignancies  some fatal  have been reported among children  adolescents  and young adults being treated with TNF blockers.Approximately half of the cases were lymphoma  while the rest were other types of malignancies  including rare types associated with immunosuppression and malignancies not usually seen in this patient population.Approximately half of the cases were lymphoma  while the rest were other types of malignancies  including rare types associated with immunosuppression and malignancies not usually seen in this patient population. Postmarketing cases of hepatosplenic T-cell lymphoma (HSTCL)  a rare type of T-cell lymphoma  have been reported in patients treated with TNF blockers  including CIMZIA. These cases have had a very aggressive disease course and have been fatal. The majority of reported TNF blocker cases have occurred in patients with Crohn's disease or ulcerative colitis  and the majority were in adolescent and young adult males. Almost all of these patients had received treatment with azathioprine or 6-mercaptopurine concomitantly with a TNF blocker at or prior to diagnosis. Carefully assess the risks and benefits of treating with CIMZIA in these patient types.Cases of acute and chronic leukemia were reported with TNF blocker use.HEART FAILUREWorsening and new onset congestive heart failure (CHF) has been reported with TNF blockers. Exercise caution and monitor carefully.HYPERSENSITIVITYAngioedema  anaphylaxis  dyspnea  hypotension  rash  serum sickness  and urticaria have been reported following CIMZIA administration. If a serious allergic reaction occurs  stop CIMZIA and institute appropriate therapy. The needle shield inside the removable cap of the CIMZIA prefilled syringe contains a plastic derivative of natural rubber latex which may cause an allergic reaction in individuals sensitive to latex.HEPATITIS B VIRUS REACTIVATIONUse of TNF blockers  including CIMZIA  may increase the risk of reactivation of hepatitis B virus (HBV) in patients who are chronic carriers. Some cases have been fatal.Test patients for HBV infection before initiating treatment with CIMZIA.Exercise caution in patients who are carriers of HBV and monitor them before and during CIMZIA treatment.Discontinue CIMZIA and begin antiviral therapy in patients who develop HBV reactivation. Exercise caution when resuming CIMZIA after HBV treatment.NEUROLOGIC REACTIONSTNF blockers  including CIMZIA  have been associated with rare cases of new onset or exacerbation of central nervous system and peripheral demyelinating diseases  including multiple sclerosis  seizure disorder  optic neuritis  peripheral neuropathy  and Guillain-Barré syndrome.HEMATOLOGIC REACTIONSRare reports of pancytopenia  including aplastic anemia  have been reported with TNF blockers. Medically significant cytopenia has been infrequently reported with CIMZIA.Consider stopping CIMZIA if significant hematologic abnormalities occur.DRUG INTERACTIONSDo not use CIMZIA in combination with other biological DMARDS.AUTOIMMUNITYTreatment with CIMZIA may result in the formation of autoantibodies and  rarely  in development of a lupus-like syndrome. Discontinue treatment if symptoms of a lupus-like syndrome develop.IMMUNIZATIONSPatients on CIMZIA should not receive live or live-attenuated vaccines.ADVERSE REACTIONSThe most common adverse reactions in CIMZIA clinical trials (≥8%) were: upper respiratory infections (18%)  rash (9%)  and urinary tract infections (8%).For full prescribing information  please visithttps://www.ucb.com/_up/ucb_com_products/documents/Cimzia_09_11_2019_en.pdfCIMZIA® is a registered trademark of the UCB Group of Companies.About bimekizumabBimekizumab is a humanized monoclonal IgG1 antibody that is designed to selectively inhibit both interleukin 17A (IL-17A) and interleukin 17F (IL-17F)  two key cytokines driving inflammatory processes.6 In August 2021  bimekizumab was approved in the European Union (EU)/European Economic Area (EEA) and in Great Britain  for the treatment of moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis in adults who are candidates for systemic therapy.7 8 The label information may differ in other countries. Please check local prescribing information.Bimekizumab is an investigational product; its efficacy and safety have not been established for any indication in the U.S. and it is not approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA).For further information  contact UCB:Investor RelationsAntje WitteT +32.2.559.94.14email [email protected]U.S. Immunology CommunicationsNicole HergaT +1.773.960.5349Email: [email protected]About UCBUCB  Brussels  Belgium (www.ucb.com) is a global biopharmaceutical company focused on the discovery and development of innovative medicines and solutions to transform the lives of people living with severe diseases of the immune system or of the central nervous system. With approximately 8 600 people in approximately 40 countries  the company generated revenue of €5.8 billion in 2021. UCB is listed on Euronext Brussels (symbol: UCB). Follow us on Twitter: @UCB_news.Forward looking statementsThis press release may contain forward-looking statements including  without limitation  statements containing the words ""believes""  ""anticipates""  ""expects""  ""intends""  ""plans""  ""seeks""  ""estimates""  ""may""  ""will""  ""continue"" and similar expressions. These forward-looking statements are based on current plans  estimates and beliefs of management. All statements  other than statements of historical facts  are statements that could be deemed forward-looking statements  including estimates of revenues  operating margins  capital expenditures  cash  other financial information  expected legal  arbitration  political  regulatory or clinical results or practices and other such estimates and results. By their nature  such forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and are subject to known and unknown risks  uncertainties and assumptions which might cause the actual results  financial condition  performance or achievements of UCB  or industry results  to differ materially from those that may be expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements contained in this press release. Important factors that could result in such differences include: the global spread and impact of COVID-19  changes in general economic  business and competitive conditions  the inability to obtain necessary regulatory approvals or to obtain them on acceptable terms or within expected timing  costs associated with research and development  changes in the prospects for products in the pipeline or under development by UCB  effects of future judicial decisions or governmental investigations  safety  quality  data integrity or manufacturing issues; potential or actual data security and data privacy breaches  or disruptions of our information technology systems  product liability claims  challenges to patent protection for products or product candidates  competition from other products including biosimilars  changes in laws or regulations  exchange rate fluctuations  changes or uncertainties in tax laws or the administration of such laws  and hiring and retention of its employees. There is no guarantee that new product candidates will be discovered or identified in the pipeline  will progress to product approval or that new indications for existing products will be developed and approved. Movement from concept to commercial product is uncertain; preclinical results do not guarantee safety and efficacy of product candidates in humans. So far  the complexity of the human body cannot be reproduced in computer models  cell culture systems or animal models. The length of the timing to complete clinical trials and to get regulatory approval for product marketing has varied in the past and UCB expects similar unpredictability going forward. Products or potential products  which are the subject of partnerships  joint ventures or licensing collaborations may be subject to differences disputes between the partners or may prove to be not as safe  effective or commercially successful as UCB may have believed at the start of such partnership. UCB's efforts to acquire other products or companies and to integrate the operations of such acquired companies may not be as successful as UCB may have believed at the moment of acquisition. Also  UCB or others could discover safety  side effects or manufacturing problems with its products and/or devices after they are marketed. The discovery of significant problems with a product similar to one of UCB's products that implicate an entire class of products may have a material adverse effect on sales of the entire class of affected products. Moreover  sales may be impacted by international and domestic trends toward managed care and health care cost containment  including pricing pressure  political and public scrutiny  customer and prescriber patterns or practices  and the reimbursement policies imposed by third-party payers as well as legislation affecting biopharmaceutical pricing and reimbursement activities and outcomes. Finally  a breakdown  cyberattack or information security breach could compromise the confidentiality  integrity and availability of UCB's data and systems.Given these uncertainties  you should not place undue reliance on any of such forward-looking statements. There can be no guarantee that the investigational or approved products described in this press release will be submitted or approved for sale or for any additional indications or labelling in any market  or at any particular time  nor can there be any guarantee that such products will be or will continue to be commercially successful in the future.UCB is providing this information  including forward-looking statements  only as of the date of this press release and it does not reflect any potential impact from the evolving COVID-19 pandemic  unless indicated otherwise. UCB is following the worldwide developments diligently to assess the financial significance of this pandemic to UCB. UCB expressly disclaims any duty to update any information contained in this press release  either to confirm the actual results or to report or reflect any change in its forward-looking statements with regard thereto or any change in events  conditions or circumstances on which any such statement is based  unless such statement is required pursuant to applicable laws and regulations.Additionally  information contained in this document shall not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any securities  nor shall there be any offer  solicitation or sale of securities in any jurisdiction in which such offer  solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to the registration or qualification under the securities laws of such jurisdiction.ReferencesA Study to Test the Efficacy and Safety of Bimekizumab in the Treatment of Subjects with Active Psoriatic Arthritis (BE OPTIMAL). ClinicalTrials.gov. Available from: https://www.clinicaltrials.gov/ct2/showithNCT03895203?term=BE+OPTIMAL&draw=2&rank=1 Last accessed: November 2022 . A Study to Evaluate the Efficacy and Safety of Bimekizumab in the Treatment of Subjects with Active Psoriatic Arthritis (BE COMPLETE). ClinicalTrials.gov. Available from: https://www.clinicaltrials.gov/ct2/showithNCT03896581 Last accessed: November 2022 . A Study to Evaluate the Efficacy and Safety of Bimekizumab in Subjects with Active Non-radiographic Axial Spondyloarthritis (BE MOBILE 1). ClinicalTrials.gov. Available from: https://clinicaltrials.gov/ct2/showithNCT03928704 Last accessed: November 2022 . A Study to Evaluate the Efficacy and Safety of Bimekizumab in Subjects with Active Ankylosing Spondylitis (BE MOBILE 2). ClinicalTrials.gov. Available from: https://www.clinicaltrials.gov/ct2/showithNCT03928743 Last accessed: November 2022 . CIMZIA (certolizumab pegol) US Prescribing Information. Available at: Cimzia_09_11_2019_en.pdf (ucb.com) Last accessed: November 2022 . Glatt S  Helmer E  Haier B  et al. First-in-human randomized study of bimekizumab  a humanized monoclonal antibody and selective dual inhibitor of IL-17A and IL-17F  in mild psoriasis. Br J Clin Pharmacol. 2017;83(5):991-1001. BIMZELX® (bimekizumab) EU Summary of Product Characteristics  March 2022. Available at:https://www.ema.europa.eu/en/documents/product-information/bimzelx-epar-product-information_en.pdf. Last accessed: November 2022 . BIMZELX® (bimekizumab) GB Summary of Product Characteristics. Available at: https://www.medicines.org.uk/emc/product/12834/smpc#gref. Last accessed: November 2022 .CIMZIA® is a registered trademark of the UCB Group of Companies.©2022 UCB  Inc.  Smyrna  GA 30080. All rights reserved.SOURCE UCB  Inc.",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.21,0.78,True,English,"['New Late-Breaking Data', 'ACR Convergence', 'UCB', 'Commitment', 'Rheumatology', '15 Abstracts', 'Placebo-Controlled, Active Reference Study C. Ritchlin', 'Two Phase 3 Randomized, Placebo-Controlled Studies', 'Randomized, Double-Blind, Placebo-Controlled Study', 'tumor necrosis factor inhibitors', 'Phase 3 BE OPTIMAL study', 'Phase 3 BE COMPLETE study', 'Phase 3 BE MOBILE 1 study', 'Biologic DMARD-Naïve Patients', 'BE MOBILE 2 study', 'global biopharmaceutical company', 'radiographic axial spondyloarthritis', 'Executive Vice President', 'two ""Ignite Talks', 'active axial spondyloarthritis', 'M.E. Husni', 'unmet patient needs', 'three ""Ignite Talks', 'four oral presentations', 'three oral presentations', 'BE MOBILE 2 studies', 'P. J. Mease', 'P.J. Mease', 'One oral presentation', 'second oral presentation', 'third oral presentation', 'previous inadequate response', 'D. Thaçi', 'L.E. Kristensen', 'UCB-sponsored data presentations', 'active psoriatic arthritis', 'L. C. Coates', 'U.S. Food', 'I.B. McInnes', 'Late-breaking 52-week data', 'bimekizumab 52-week data', 'Bimekizumab data highlights', 'certolizumab pegol treatment', 'two e-posters', 'I. McInnes', 'L. Coates', 'P. Gisondi', 'person presentations', 'late-breaking data', 'six e', 'key patient', 'first presentation', '52-Week Efficacy', 'active PsA', 'bimekizumab studies', 'L. Gossec', 'J. Merola', 'B. Ink', 'J. Coarse', 'J. Lambert', 'D. Assudani', 'D. Gladman', 'active axSpA', 'New data', '24-week data', 'innovative research', 'ACR Convergence', 'ankylosing spondylitis', 'Emmanuel Caeymaex', 'Immunology Solutions', 'investigational product', 'Drug Administration', 'exploratory analysis', 'objective signs', 'Y. Tanaka', 'A. Asahina', 'A. Gottlieb', 'R. Bajracharya', 'V. Shende', 'R. Landewé', 'F. Behrens', 'R. Warren', 'Health-Related Quality', 'H. Dobashi', 'W. Tillett', '16-week Efficacy', '16-Week Results', 'investigational bimekizumab', 'rheumatology portfolio', 'clinical outcomes', 'TNFi-IR Patients', 'Bimekizumab Treatment', 'Safety Results', 'Bimekizumab abstracts', '15 abstracts', 'adults', 'CIMZIA®', 'commitment', 'BRUSSELS', 'ATLANTA', 'PRNewswire', 'Philadelphia', 'November', 'eight', 'five-minute', 'meeting', 'breadth', 'standards', 'care', 'Head', 'UCB.', 'indication', 'FDA', 'spectrum', 'nr-axSpA', 'intolerance', 'addition', 'relationship', 'inflammation', '12 weeks', 'guide', 'L02', 'Monday', '9:15am', '9:25am', 'Sunday', '3:30pm', '3:40pm', 'Life']",2022-11-08,2022-11-08,prnewswire.com
12899,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.reuters.com/markets/deals/portugals-novo-banco-eyes-ipo-amid-plans-stay-independent-2022-11-08/,Portugal's Novo Banco eyes IPO amid plans to stay independent,Portugal's Novo Banco should be ready to seize the opportunity for an initial public offering when markets open up to listings  as it seeks to remain independent  its new CEO Mark Bourke told Reuters on Tuesday.,"LISBON  Nov 8 (Reuters) - Portugal's Novo Banco should be ready to seize the opportunity for an initial public offering when markets open up to listings  as it seeks to remain independent  its new CEO Mark Bourke told Reuters on Tuesday.Analysts have speculated that profit-making Novo Banco  which emerged from the ruins of collapsed Banco Espirito Santo in 2014 and is controlled by U.S. private equity fund Lone Star  could be merged with another lender looking to consolidate its position in Portugal.But Bourke  who took over in August  said that ""Portugal is not like some of the north European countries  which are massively over-banked""  as the five largest players own 80%-85% of the banking assets  a high level of concentration.Novo Banco is now ""a profitable  well-capitalised bank that can actually compete  endure  remain independent in the Portuguese market  and can invest and expand "" he said.The bank should build on its recovery track record and ""be ready when and if the IPO opportunity arises to take advantage of it""  he said.Bourke  who had been chief financial officer since 2019  would not say where the bank could seek to be listed  although Portuguese companies usually choose Euronext Lisbon.MASSIVE BAD LOANS CLEAN-UPSince Lone Star bought its 75% stake in 2017  Novo Banco has focused on de-risking  closing subsidiaries abroad  offloading bad loans and real estate under tough restructuring commitments agreed with Brussels. Portugal's Resolution Fund has the remaining 25% stake.Non-performing loans (NPLs) fell to 1.6 billion euros ($1.60 billion)  or 5% of total credit  in September from 2.2 billion a year earlier. In 2017  its NPLs were 10.1 billion or 28% of total loans.""The major part of the job is done. But we need to be looking at the European average  which is in the 2.5%-3% range... in the short to medium-term "" Bourke said.Novo Banco's nine-month net profit almost tripled to 428 million euros  citing improved commission income  capital market gains and a steep drop in impairments and provisions.""This was the seventh straight quarter of profitability. We can generate 80 to 100 bps of capital through underlying profitability a year – that means we control our own destiny "" Bourke said.Although nine-month net interest income (NII)  or earnings on loans minus funding costs  fell 5.6% due to higher funding costs of senior debt issuance and other factors  NII rose by 2.5% between July and September from the previous three months  benefiting from rate hikes by the European Central Bank.The average rate of its net interest margin stood at 1.29%  but the impact of the upward repricing of the portfolios should come in the fourth quarter and Novo Banco should end the year ""well above 1.5%""  the upper bound of its forecast range  he said.($1 = 0.9998 euros)Reporting by Sergio Goncalves; editing by Elisa Martinuzzi  Andrei Khalip and Susan FentonOur Standards: The Thomson Reuters Trust Principles.",neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,mixed,0.24,0.19,0.57,True,English,"['Novo Banco', 'Portugal', 'IPO', 'plans', 'U.S. private equity fund', 'The Thomson Reuters Trust Principles', 'nine-month net interest income', 'MASSIVE BAD LOANS CLEAN-UP', 'nine-month net profit', 'net interest margin', 'initial public offering', 'five largest players', 'recovery track record', 'chief financial officer', 'tough restructuring commitments', 'senior debt issuance', 'previous three months', 'north European countries', 'seventh straight quarter', 'Banco Espirito Santo', 'higher funding costs', 'capital market gains', 'profit-making Novo Banco', 'European Central Bank', 'Resolution Fund', 'commission income', 'European average', 'Portuguese market', 'fourth quarter', 'Non-performing loans', 'total loans', 'new CEO', 'Lone Star', 'banking assets', 'high level', 'Portuguese companies', 'real estate', 'total credit', 'major part', 'steep drop', '80 to 100 bps', 'other factors', 'rate hikes', 'average rate', 'upward repricing', 'upper bound', 'Sergio Goncalves', 'Elisa Martinuzzi', 'Andrei Khalip', 'Susan Fenton', 'capitalised bank', '1.6 billion euros', '428 million euros', 'IPO opportunity', 'Euronext Lisbon', 'remaining 25% stake', 'underlying profitability', 'forecast range', 'Mark Bourke', '0.9998 euros', '75% stake', '2.5%-3% range', 'Portugal', 'markets', 'listings', 'Tuesday', 'Analysts', 'ruins', 'lender', 'position', 'August', 'concentration', 'advantage', 'risking', 'subsidiaries', 'Brussels', 'NPLs', 'September', 'job', 'short', 'medium-term', 'impairments', 'provisions', 'destiny', 'NII', 'earnings', 'July', 'impact', 'portfolios', 'year', 'Reporting', 'Standards']",2022-11-08,2022-11-08,reuters.com
12900,EuroNext,Bing API,https://nz.news.yahoo.com/bone-therapeutics-sa-transparency-notification-050000178.html,Bone Therapeutics SA: Transparency notification received from S.F.P.I/F.P.I.M,Article 14 of the Law of 2 May 2007 on disclosure of major holdings Mont-Saint-Guibert  Belgium  11 October 2022  7am CET – BONE THERAPEUTICS (Euronext Brussels and Paris: BOTHE)  the cell therapy company addressing unmet medical needs in orthopedics and ...,Bone Therapeutics SAREGULATED INFORMATIONArticle 14 of the Law of 2 May 2007 on disclosure of major holdingsMont-Saint-Guibert  Belgium  11 October 2022  7am CET – BONE THERAPEUTICS (Euronext Brussels and Paris: BOTHE)  the cell therapy company addressing unmet medical needs in orthopedics and other diseases  today announces that it has received a transparency notification from S.F.P.I (Société Fédérale de Participation et d’Investissement)/F.P.I.M (Federale Participatien en Investeringsmaatschappij) dated 04 October 2022. The transparency notification indicates the shareholdings held by S.F.P.I/F.P.I.M have passively crossed below the threshold of 5%.The notification dated 04 October 2022 contains the following information:Reason for the notification: Downward crossing of the lowest threshold Passive crossing of a thresholdNotification by: A parent undertaking or a controlling personPersons subject to the notification requirement: S.F.P.I/F.P.I.M – Belgian StateTransaction date: 29 September 2022Threshold that is crossed: 5%Denominator: 23 835 971Voting rights Previous notification After the transaction Holders of voting rights # of voting rights # of voting rights % of voting rights Belgian State 0 0 0% S.F.P.I/F.P.I.M 416 406 1 165 380 4.89% Total voting rights 416 406 1 165 380 4.89%Full chain of controlled undertakings through which the holding is effectively held: The Belgian State controls 100% of S.F.P.I/F.P.I.M.The notification can be consulted on the website of Bone Therapeutics  under the heading “Shareholder Information”.About Bone TherapeuticsBone Therapeutics is a leading biotech company focused on the development of innovative products to address high unmet needs in orthopedics and other diseases. Currently Bone Therapeutics is concentrating specifically on the development of its most advanced clinical asset  the allogeneic cell therapy platform  ALLOB.Bone Therapeutics’ core technology is based on its cutting-edge allogeneic cell and gene therapy platform with differentiated bone marrow sourced Mesenchymal Stromal Cells (MSCs) which can be stored at the point of use in the hospital. Its leading investigational medicinal product  ALLOB  represents a unique  proprietary approach to bone regeneration  which turns undifferentiated stromal cells from healthy donors into bone-forming cells. These cells are produced via the Bone Therapeutics’ scalable manufacturing process. Following the CTA approval by regulatory authorities in Europe  the Company has initiated patient recruitment for the Phase IIb clinical trial with ALLOB in patients with difficult tibial fractures  using its optimized production process. ALLOB continues to be evaluated for other orthopedic indications including spinal fusion  osteotomy  maxillofacial and dental.Story continuesBone Therapeutics’ cell therapy products are manufactured to the highest GMP (Good Manufacturing Practices) standards and are protected by a broad IP (Intellectual Property) portfolio covering ten patent families as well as knowhow. The Company is based in the Louvain-la-Neuve Science Park in Mont-Saint-Guibert  Belgium. Further information is available at www.bonetherapeutics.com.For further information  please contact:Bone Therapeutics SAMiguel Forte  MD  PhD  Chief Executive OfficerTel: +32 (0)71 12 10 00investorrelations@bonetherapeutics.comFor Belgian Media and Investor Enquiries:BepublicBert BouserieTel: +32 (0)488 40 44 77bert.bouserie@bepublicgroup.beInternational Media Enquiries:Image Box CommunicationsNeil Hunter / Michelle BoxallTel: +44 (0)20 8943 4685neil.hunter@ibcomms.agency / michelle@ibcomms.agencyFor French Media and Investor Enquiries:NewCap Investor Relations & Financial CommunicationsPierre Laurent  Louis-Victor Delouvrier and Arthur RouilléTel: +33 (0)1 44 71 94 94bone@newcap.euCertain statements  beliefs and opinions in this press release are forward-looking  which reflect the Company or  as appropriate  the Company directors’ current expectations and projections about future events. By their nature  forward-looking statements involve a number of risks  uncertainties and assumptions that could cause actual results or events to differ materially from those expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. These risks  uncertainties and assumptions could adversely affect the outcome and financial effects of the plans and events described herein. A multitude of factors including  but not limited to  changes in demand  competition and technology  can cause actual events  performance or results to differ significantly from any anticipated development. Forward looking statements contained in this press release regarding past trends or activities should not be taken as a representation that such trends or activities will continue in the future. As a result  the Company expressly disclaims any obligation or undertaking to release any update or revisions to any forward-looking statements in this press release as a result of any change in expectations or any change in events  conditions  assumptions or circumstances on which these forward-looking statements are based. Neither the Company nor its advisers or representatives nor any of its subsidiary undertakings or any such person’s officers or employees guarantees that the assumptions underlying such forward-looking statements are free from errors nor does either accept any responsibility for the future accuracy of the forward-looking statements contained in this press release or the actual occurrence of the forecasted developments. You should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements  which speak only as of the date of this press release.,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.09,0.22,0.7,True,English,"['S.F.P.I/F.P.I.M', 'Bone Therapeutics SA', 'Transparency notification', 'S.F.P.I/F.P.I.M', 'Société Fédérale de', 'highest GMP (Good Manufacturing Practices', 'broad IP (Intellectual Property) portfolio', 'Bone Therapeutics’ scalable manufacturing process', 'Bone Therapeutics’ cell therapy products', 'leading investigational medicinal product', 'Phase IIb clinical trial', 'differentiated bone marrow sourced', 'allogeneic cell therapy platform', 'Bone Therapeutics’ core technology', 'cutting-edge allogeneic cell', 'gene therapy platform', 'optimized production process', 'advanced clinical asset', 'cell therapy company', 'unmet medical needs', 'high unmet needs', 'unique, proprietary approach', 'difficult tibial fractures', 'ten patent families', 'Louvain-la-Neuve Science Park', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'Bone Therapeutics SA', 'Image Box Communications', 'other orthopedic indications', 'NewCap Investor Relations', 'Mesenchymal Stromal Cells', 'undifferentiated stromal cells', 'leading biotech company', 'International Media Enquiries', 'The Belgian State', 'Total voting rights', 'innovative products', 'bone regeneration', 'Investor Enquiries', 'Belgian Media', 'Financial Communications', 'other diseases', 'French Media', 'bone-forming cells', 'major holdings', 'Euronext Brussels', 'Federale Participatien', 'Downward crossing', 'Passive crossing', 'controlling person', 'Full chain', 'controlled undertakings', 'healthy donors', 'CTA approval', 'regulatory authorities', 'patient recruitment', 'spinal fusion', 'Miguel Forte', 'Pierre Laurent', 'Louis-Victor Delouvrier', 'Arthur Rouillé', 'press release', 'financial effects', 'REGULATED INFORMATION', 'following information', 'Shareholder Information', 'Further information', 'forward-looking statements', 'transparency notification', 'parent undertaking', 'notification requirement', 'Transaction date', 'Previous notification', 'Bert Bouserie', 'Neil Hunter', 'Michelle Boxall', 'current expectations', 'actual results', 'actual events', 'past trends', 'lowest threshold', 'future events', 'Article', 'Law', '2 May', 'disclosure', 'Mont-Saint-Guibert', 'Belgium', '7am', 'Paris', 'BOTHE', 'orthopedics', 'Participation', 'Investissement', 'Investeringsmaatschappij', '04 October', 'shareholdings', 'Reason', 'Persons', '29 September', 'Denominator', 'Holders', 'website', 'heading', 'development', 'ALLOB', 'MSCs', 'point', 'hospital', 'Europe', 'patients', 'osteotomy', 'maxillofacial', 'dental', 'Story', 'standards', 'knowhow', 'bonetherapeutics', 'MD', 'PhD', 'Bepublic', 'ibcomms', 'agency', 'beliefs', 'opinions', 'projections', 'nature', 'number', 'risks', 'uncertainties', 'assumptions', 'outcome', 'plans', 'multitude', 'factors', 'changes', 'demand', 'competition', 'performance', 'activities', 'representation', 'obligation', 'update', 'revisions', '32', '71', '488']",2022-11-08,2022-11-08,nz.news.yahoo.com
12901,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.nasdaq.com/articles/eu-wheat-slips-to-7-week-low-as-black-sea-supplies-weigh,EU wheat slips to 7-week low as Black Sea supplies weigh,Euronext wheat fell sharply on Tuesday to touch a seven-week low  curbed by Russian competition in international tenders as well as expectations that an export corridor from Ukraine will be maintained ,"Updates with closing price  further Algeria tender reports  Ukraine comments on grains shipment corridorPARIS  Nov 8 (Reuters) - Euronext wheat fell sharply on Tuesday to touch a seven-week low  curbed by Russian competition in international tenders as well as expectations that an export corridor from Ukraine will be maintained  traders said.December milling wheat BL2Z2 on Paris-based Euronext settled down 1.8% at 330.00 euros ($332.87) a tonne  after touching its lowest since Sept. 20 at 328.75 euros.Algerian grains agency OAIC bought about 400 000 tonnes of wheat  with prices suggesting a large part of the volume will be sourced from Russia  traders said in early assessments.That followed a tender on Monday by Egypt  in which Russian wheat was offered at the lowest prices before Egyptian buying agency GASC cancelled the tender.""Russian wheat is looking the cheapest large-volume seller in the world export markets currently "" one German trader said. ""Russia has a big crop to dispose of and is likely to remain an aggressive seller in coming months  which could cost the EU export business.""Ukraine's President Volodymyr Zelenskiy called for the United Nations-backed shipping corridor to be prolonged  while his deputy infrastructure minister said the country was seeking a one-year renewal with the addition of Mykolaiv port.Weakness in Chicago futures Wv1 also weighed on Euronext as grain markets looked ahead to world supply and demand forecasts from the U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) on Wednesday. GRA/In Germany  sellers of standard 12% protein wheat for November delivery in Hamburg were seeking a premium of about 10 euros over the Euronext December contract BL2Z2 against 11 euros over on Monday.Weekly European Union data showed the EU had exported 12.52 million tonnes of soft wheat so far in the 2022/23 season  up 5% from a year earlier.($1 = 0.9914 euros)(Reporting by Gus Trompiz in Paris and Michael Hogan in Hamburg; Editing by Krishna Chandra Eluri; editing by Grant McCool)((gus.trompiz@thomsonreuters.com; +33 1 49 49 52 18; Reuters Messaging: gus.trompiz.thomsonreuters.com@reuters.net))The views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of Nasdaq  Inc.",neutral,0.01,0.96,0.03,negative,0.0,0.19,0.8,True,English,"['Black Sea supplies', 'EU wheat', 'Weekly European Union data', 'United Nations-backed shipping corridor', 'December milling wheat BL2Z2', 'grains shipment corridor', 'one German trader', 'President Volodymyr Zelenskiy', 'deputy infrastructure minister', 'U.S. Department', 'Krishna Chandra Eluri', 'cheapest large-volume seller', 'Euronext December contract', 'standard 12% protein wheat', 'Algerian grains agency', 'Algeria tender reports', 'world export markets', 'EU export business', 'export corridor', 'aggressive seller', 'grain markets', 'world supply', 'Euronext wheat', 'Russian wheat', 'soft wheat', 'closing price', 'seven-week low', 'Russian competition', 'international tenders', 'Paris-based Euronext', 'large part', 'early assessments', 'big crop', 'coming months', 'one-year renewal', 'Mykolaiv port', 'Chicago futures', 'demand forecasts', 'November delivery', '2022/23 season', 'Gus Trompiz', 'Michael Hogan', 'Grant McCool', 'lowest prices', '12.52 million tonnes', 'Reuters Messaging', '400,000 tonnes', 'Updates', 'Ukraine', 'Tuesday', 'expectations', 'traders', '330.00 euros', 'Sept.', '328.75 euros', 'OAIC', 'Monday', 'Egypt', 'GASC', 'country', 'addition', 'Weakness', 'Wv1', 'Agriculture', 'USDA', 'Wednesday', 'Germany', 'sellers', 'Hamburg', 'premium', '10 euros', '11 euros', '0.9914 euros', 'Editing', 'views', 'opinions', 'author', 'Nasdaq', 'Inc']",2022-11-08,2022-11-08,nasdaq.com
12902,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.finanznachrichten.de/nachrichten-2022-11/57526284-kalray-appointment-of-olivier-carton-as-chief-financial-officer-650.htm,KALRAY: APPOINTMENT OF OLIVIER CARTON AS CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER,Grenoble - France  November 8  2022 - Kalray (Euronext Growth Paris: ALKAL)  a leading provider of hardware and software technologies for high-performance  data-centric computing markets  from Cloud to Edge  announces the appointment of Olivier Carton as ...,"Grenoble - France  November 8  2022 - Kalray (Euronext Growth Paris: ALKAL)  a leading provider of hardware and software technologies for high-performance  data-centric computing markets  from Cloud to Edge  announces the appointment of Olivier Carton as Chief Financial Officer of the Group. He will soon join Kalray's Board  replacing Anne Gabrot  who has held the position of Chief Financial Officer for the past 7 years and who has decided to devote herself to other projects.Olivier CARTON  58 years old  is a graduate of EM Lyon and holds an MBA from INSEAD. He has 30 years of experience in operational financial management  with a strong expertise in financial management and management of international teams. He started his career in auditing and consulting with Arthur Andersen for 6 years  before moving on to large industrial groups in France and abroad: Valéo Argentina  Infogrames  Silliker Group Corp - Biomérieux group or Eurifin Biomis  and more recently with OnePoint  a player in digital transformation.Olivier Carton has solid financial expertise in the context of fast-growing companies or in restructuring phase. During his career  he has acquired a strong experience in the fields of reporting and steering for the optimization of economic and financial performance. He was also in charge of the finance department of Infogrames  a company listed in Paris (SBF 120) and Nasdaq through its subsidiary GT Interactive. Most recently  he was Chief Operating Officer in charge of finance at Fifteen  where he structured the company's financial department. Fifteen is a leading self-service bicycle rental company operating in more than 30 cities worldwide.Eric Baissus  CEO of Kalray says : ""I would like to warmly thank Anne Gabrot for her involvement with us for the past 7 years and her valuable contribution to the structuring and development of Kalray. I wish her all the best for her future projects. I am delighted to welcome Olivier to our company as Kalray begins its change of dimension. His extensive operational experience and strong management skills in an international context within high growth companies will be a valuable asset for our company.""ABOUT KALRAYKalray (Euronext Growth Paris - ALKAL) is a leading provider of hardware and software technologies and solutions for high-performance  data-centric computing markets  from cloud to edge.Kalray provides a full range of products to enable smarter  more efficient  and energy-wise dataintensive applications and infrastructures. Its offerings include its unique patented DPU (Data Processing Unit) processors and acceleration cards  as well as its leading-edge software-defined storage and data management solutions. Implemented individually or in combination  Kalray's highperformance solutions allow its customers to improve the efficiency of data centers or design the best solutions in fast-growing sectors such as AI  Media & Entertainment  Life Science  Scientific Research  Edge Computing  Automotive and others.Founded in 2008 as a spin-off of the well-known French CEA research lab  with corporate and financial investors such as Alliance Venture (Renault-Nissan-Mitsubishi)  NXP Semiconductors or Bpifrance  Kalray is dedicated through technology  expertise  and passion to offer more: more for a smart world  more for the planet  more for customers and developers. www.kalrayinc.comINVESTOR CONTACTSEric BAISSUScontactinvestisseurs@kalrayinc.comTel. +33 (0)4 76 18 90 71ACTUS Finance & CommunicationA nne-Pauline PETUREAUXkalray@actus.frTel. + 33 (0)1 53 67 36 72 PRESS CONTACTSSylvie DAMcommunication@kalrayinc.comTel. +33 (0)4 76 18 90 71ACTUS Finance & CommunicationSerena BONIsboni@actus.frTel. +33 (0)4 72 18 04 92------------------------This publication embed ""Actusnews SECURITY MASTER "".- SECURITY MASTER Key:mWqaaJlrl5eWxm1ylpWXa5eWZmljmmWVa5fGlWdpZ8qcnZpolGtqmcXIZnBolmdu- Check this key: https://www.security-master-key.com.------------------------© Copyright Actusnews WireReceive by email the next press releases of the company by registering on www.actusnews.com  it's freeFull and original release in PDF format:https://www.actusnews.com/documents_communiques/ACTUS-0-77128-pr_nomination_o_carton_def.pdf",neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,positive,0.96,0.04,0.0,True,English,"['CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER', 'OLIVIER CARTON', 'KALRAY', 'APPOINTMENT', 'leading self-service bicycle rental company', 'high-performance, data-centric computing markets', 'French CEA research lab', 'large industrial groups', 'Valéo Argentina', 'subsidiary GT Interactive', 'Chief Operating Officer', 'energy-wise dataintensive applications', 'unique patented DPU', 'leading-edge software-defined storage', 'Chief Financial Officer', 'high growth companies', 'next press releases', 'Euronext Growth Paris', 'Silliker Group Corp', 'Biomérieux group', 'extensive operational experience', 'Copyright Actusnews Wire', 'operational financial management', 'strong management skills', 'solid financial expertise', 'Actusnews SECURITY MASTER', 'SECURITY MASTER Key', 'data management solutions', 'leading provider', 'Scientific Research', 'Edge Computing', 'fast-growing companies', 'financial performance', 'financial department', 'data centers', 'financial investors', 'PRESS CONTACTS', 'strong expertise', 'strong experience', 'software technologies', 'Anne Gabrot', 'other projects', 'EM Lyon', 'international teams', 'Arthur Andersen', 'Eurifin Biomis', 'digital transformation', 'restructuring phase', 'Eric Baissus', 'valuable contribution', 'future projects', 'valuable asset', 'acceleration cards', 'highperformance solutions', 'best solutions', 'growing sectors', 'Life Science', 'Alliance Venture', 'NXP Semiconductors', 'smart world', 'INVESTOR CONTACTS', 'Pauline PETUREAUX', 'Sylvie DAM', 'Serena BONI', 'original release', 'PDF format', 'Olivier Carton', 'finance department', 'past 7 years', 'international context', 'full range', 'ACTUS Finance', 'KALRAY Kalray', '30 years', '6 years', 'Grenoble', 'France', 'ALKAL', 'hardware', 'Cloud', 'appointment', 'Board', 'position', 'graduate', 'MBA', 'INSEAD', 'career', 'auditing', 'consulting', 'Infogrames', 'OnePoint', 'player', 'fields', 'reporting', 'optimization', 'economic', 'charge', 'SBF', 'Nasdaq', 'Fifteen', '30 cities', 'CEO', 'involvement', 'development', 'change', 'dimension', 'products', 'infrastructures', 'offerings', 'combination', 'customers', 'efficiency', 'Media', 'Entertainment', 'Automotive', 'others', 'spin-off', 'corporate', 'Renault-Nissan-Mitsubishi', 'technology', 'passion', 'planet', 'developers', 'kalrayinc', 'Tel.', 'Communication', 'publication', 'email', 'documents_communiques', '77128-pr_nomination', '4']",2022-11-05,2022-11-08,finanznachrichten.de
12903,EuroNext,Bing API,https://ca.sports.yahoo.com/news/gtt-receives-order-hyundai-heavy-164500532.html,GTT receives an order from Hyundai Heavy Industries for the tanks design of a Floating Storage Regasification Unit (FSRU),GTT receives an order from Hyundai Heavy Industries for the tanks design of a Floating Storage Regasification Unit (FSRU) Paris – November 8th  2022. GTT announces that it has received an order from its partner the Korean shipyard Hyundai Heavy Industries for the design of a new Floating Storage and Regasification Unit (FSRU1) on behalf of the U.,GTTGTT receives an order from Hyundai Heavy Industries for the tanks design of a Floating Storage Regasification Unit (FSRU)Paris – November 8th  2022. GTT announces that it has received an order from its partner the Korean shipyard Hyundai Heavy Industries for the design of a new Floating Storage and Regasification Unit (FSRU1) on behalf of the U.S.-based LNG company  Excelerate Energy  Inc.GTT will design the tanks of this FSRU  with a capacity of 170 000 m3. The tanks will be fitted with the Mark III Flex membrane containment system developed by GTT.The delivery of this FSRU is scheduled for the second quarter of 2026.About GTTGTT is a technological expert in containment systems with cryogenic membranes used to transport and store liquefied gases. For over 50 years  GTT has been designing and providing cutting-edge technologies for a better energy performance  which combine operational efficiency and safety  to equip LNG carriers  floating terminals  land storage  and multi-gas carriers. GTT also develops systems dedicated to the use of LNG as fuel  as well as a full range of services  including digital services in the field of Smart Shipping. The Group is also active in hydrogen through its subsidiary Elogen  which designs and assembles electrolysers notably for the production of green hydrogen.GTT is listed on Euronext Paris  Compartment A (ISIN FR0011726835 Euronext Paris: GTT) and is notably included in SBF 120  Stoxx Europe 600 and MSCI Small Cap indices.For more information  visit www.gtt.fr.Media contact:press@gtt.fr / +33 (0)1 30 23 48 45Investor Relations contact:information-financiere@gtt.fr / + 33 (0)1 30 23 20 871 FSRUs are stationary vessels able to receive  store and regasify LNG from LNG carriers.Attachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['Floating Storage Regasification Unit', 'Hyundai Heavy Industries', 'tanks design', 'GTT', 'order', 'FSRU', 'Mark III Flex membrane containment system', 'U.S.-based LNG company', 'Korean shipyard Hyundai Heavy Industries', 'MSCI Small Cap indices', 'Floating Storage Regasification Unit', 'new Floating Storage', 'Investor Relations contact', 'containment systems', 'floating terminals', 'land storage', 'Media contact', 'LNG carriers', 'Excelerate Energy', 'second quarter', 'technological expert', 'cryogenic membranes', 'cutting-edge technologies', 'energy performance', 'operational efficiency', 'multi-gas carriers', 'full range', 'Smart Shipping', 'The Group', 'Compartment A', 'Stoxx Europe', 'stationary vessels', 'Euronext Paris', 'digital services', 'green hydrogen', 'tanks design', 'GTT', 'order', 'FSRU', 'November', 'partner', 'behalf', 'capacity', '170,000 m', 'delivery', 'liquefied', 'gases', '50 years', 'safety', 'use', 'fuel', 'field', 'subsidiary', 'Elogen', 'electrolysers', 'production', 'SBF', 'information', 'fr', 'financiere', 'Attachment']",2022-11-08,2022-11-08,ca.sports.yahoo.com
12904,EuroNext,Bing API,https://ca.finance.yahoo.com/news/euronext-announces-volumes-october-2022-164500124.html,Euronext announces volumes for October 2022,Contacts MediaContact Investor RelationsAmsterdam+31 20 721 4133Brussels+32 2 620 15 50+33 1 70 48 24 27Dublin+33 1 70 48 24 45Lisbon+351 210 600 614 Milan+39 02 72 42 62 12Oslo+47 41 69 59 10 Paris+33 1 70 48 24 45 Euronext announces volumes for October 2022 Amsterdam ,"EuronextContacts Media Contact Investor Relations Amsterdam +31 20 721 4133 Brussels +32 2 620 15 50 +33 1 70 48 24 27 Dublin +33 1 70 48 24 45 Lisbon +351 210 600 614 Milan +39 02 72 42 62 12 Oslo +47 41 69 59 10 Paris +33 1 70 48 24 45Euronext announces volumes for October 2022Amsterdam  Brussels  Dublin  Lisbon  Milan  Oslo and Paris – 8 November 2022 – Euronext  the leading pan-European market infrastructure  today announced trading volumes for October 2022.Monthly and historical volume tables are available at this address:https://euronext.com/investor-relations#monthly-volumesCONTACTS MEDIA – mediateam@euronext.com Aurélie Cohen (Europe) +33 1 70 48 24 45 parispressoffice@euronext.com Marianne Aalders (Amsterdam) +31 20 721 41 33 maalders@euronext.com Pascal Brabant (Brussels) +32 2 620 15 50 pbrabant@euronext.com Sandra Machado (Lisbon) +351 210 600 614 smachado@euronext.com Andrea Monzani (Europe/Milan/Rome) +39 02 72 42 62 13 Italypressoffice@euronext.com Cathrine Lorvik Segerlund (Oslo) +47 41 69 59 10 CLSegerlund@euronext.com Sarah Mound (Paris Dublin) +33 1 70 48 24 45 smound@euronext.com ANALYSTS & INVESTORS – ir@euronext.com Aurélie Cohen +33 1 70 48 24 27 ir@euronext.com Clément Kubiak +33 1 70 48 26 33 ir@euronext.comAbout EuronextEuronext is the leading pan-European market infrastructure  connecting European economies to global capital markets  to accelerate innovation and sustainable growth. It operates regulated exchanges in Belgium  France  Ireland  Italy  the Netherlands  Norway and Portugal. With close to 2 000 listed equity issuers and around €5.7 trillion in market capitalisation as of end September 2022  it has an unmatched blue chip franchise and a strong diverse domestic and international client base. Euronext operates regulated and transparent equity and derivatives markets  one of Europe’s leading electronic fixed income trading markets and is the largest centre for debt and funds listings in the world. Its total product offering includes Equities  FX  Exchange Traded Funds  Warrants & Certificates  Bonds  Derivatives  Commodities and Indices. The Group provides a multi-asset clearing house through Euronext Clearing  and custody and settlement services through Euronext Securities central securities depositories in Denmark  Italy  Norway and Portugal. Euronext also leverages its expertise in running markets by providing technology and managed services to third parties. In addition to its main regulated market  it also operates a number of junior markets  simplifying access to listing for SMEs.Story continuesFor the latest news  go to euronext.com or follow us on Twitter (twitter.com/euronext) and LinkedIn (linkedin.com/euronext)DisclaimerThis press release is for information purposes only: it is not a recommendation to engage in investment activities and is provided “as is”  without representation or warranty of any kind. While all reasonable care has been taken to ensure the accuracy of the content  Euronext does not guarantee its accuracy or completeness. Euronext will not be held liable for any loss or damages of any nature ensuing from using  trusting or acting on information provided. No information set out or referred to in this publication may be regarded as creating any right or obligation. The creation of rights and obligations in respect of financial products that are traded on the exchanges operated by Euronext’s subsidiaries shall depend solely on the applicable rules of the market operator. All proprietary rights and interest in or connected with this publication shall vest in Euronext. This press release speaks only as of this date. Euronext refers to Euronext N.V. and its affiliates. Information regarding trademarks and intellectual property rights of Euronext is available at www.euronext.com/terms-use.© 2022  Euronext N.V. - All rights reserved.The Euronext Group processes your personal data in order to provide you with information about Euronext (the ""Purpose""). With regard to the processing of this personal data  Euronext will comply with its obligations under Regulation (EU) 2016/679 of the European Parliament and Council of 27 April 2016 (General Data Protection Regulation  “GDPR”)  and any applicable national laws  rules and regulations implementing the GDPR  as provided in its privacy statement available at: www.euronext.com/privacy-policy. In accordance with the applicable legislation you have rights with regard to the processing of your personal data: for more information on your rights  please refer to: www.euronext.com/data_subjects_rights_request_information. To make a request regarding the processing of your data or to unsubscribe from this press release service  please use our data subject request form at connect2.euronext.com/form/data-subjects-rights-request or email our Data Protection Officer at dpo@euronext.com.Attachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.07,0.09,0.84,True,English,"['Euronext', 'volumes', 'October', 'leading electronic fixed income trading markets', 'Contacts Media Contact Investor Relations', 'Euronext Securities central securities depositories', 'unmatched blue chip franchise', 'leading pan-European market infrastructure', 'General Data Protection Regulation', 'data subject request form', 'Data Protection Officer', 'historical volume tables', 'Aurélie Cohen', 'Cathrine Lorvik Segerlund', 'Clément Kubiak', 'strong diverse domestic', 'international client base', 'total product offering', 'global capital markets', '2,000 listed equity issuers', 'Exchange Traded Funds', 'multi-asset clearing house', 'applicable national laws', 'main regulated market', 'press release service', 'Euronext N.V.', 'intellectual property rights', 'The Euronext Group', 'trading volumes', 'market capitalisation', 'The Group', 'market operator', 'junior markets', 'personal data', 'transparent equity', 'funds listings', 'applicable legislation', 'derivatives markets', 'Marianne Aalders', 'Pascal Brabant', 'Sandra Machado', 'Andrea Monzani', 'Sarah Mound', 'European economies', 'sustainable growth', 'end September', 'largest centre', 'settlement services', 'managed services', 'third parties', 'latest news', 'investment activities', 'reasonable care', 'financial products', 'European Parliament', 'privacy statement', 'Euronext Clearing', 'applicable rules', 'regulated exchanges', 'proprietary rights', 'information purposes', 'Amsterdam', 'Brussels', 'Dublin', 'Lisbon', 'Milan', 'Oslo', 'Paris', 'October', '8 November', 'address', 'investor-relations', 'ANALYSTS', 'INVESTORS', 'innovation', 'Belgium', 'France', 'Ireland', 'Italy', 'Netherlands', 'Norway', 'Portugal', 'close', 'debt', 'world', 'Equities', 'FX', 'Warrants', 'Certificates', 'Bonds', 'Commodities', 'Indices', 'custody', 'Denmark', 'expertise', 'technology', 'addition', 'number', 'access', 'SMEs', 'Story', 'Twitter', 'LinkedIn', 'Disclaimer', 'recommendation', 'representation', 'warranty', 'kind', 'accuracy', 'content', 'completeness', 'loss', 'damages', 'nature', 'publication', 'obligation', 'creation', 'respect', 'subsidiaries', 'interest', 'date', 'affiliates', 'trademarks', 'terms', 'order', 'processing', 'Council', '27 April', 'GDPR', 'regulations', 'privacy-policy', 'accordance', 'regard', 'www', 'dpo', 'Attachment', '70']",2022-11-08,2022-11-08,ca.finance.yahoo.com
12905,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.thetradenews.com/inside-europes-new-fortress-euronexts-continental-data-centre-and-trading-floor/,Inside Europe’s new fortress: Euronext’s continental data centre and trading floor,Annabel Smith takes a peek inside Euronext’s newly migrated data centre in Bergamo and dives into what the move means for market structure post-Brexit.,Settled amongst terracotta tiled rooves on the backdrop of rolling mountains  Euronext’s new data centre stands out as a starkly modern geometrically shaped warehouse surrounded by a guarded perimeter. It emanates importance.It has taken 14 months to transition Euronext’s infrastructure from Basildon in the UK to a complex in Bergamo  roughly an hour and a half from Milan  owned by Aruba.it. The move is yet another symptom of Brexit. The prospect of an internalised Europe following the UK’s decision to sever its ties with the EU is now an expectation as opposed to a possibility  with this – an actual fortress – at its epicentre.Euronext shares the impressive complex with several other major data and cloud providers. Judging by the level of security  these are no small fish. Several fences line the perimeter. Once through these  it’s pass access only  with several gates that pay homage to airport security  only opening in front of you once the one behind you is shut. Fort Knox comes to mind  or Gringotts. Behind this array of security hurdles are a series of white  blank and stretching corridors. Behind these walls is where the magic happens.“There is a word we don’t use at Euronext  which is ‘cloud’ ” says Stephane Boujnah  chief executive officer at Euronext. “There is no such thing as cloud. That word is forbidden at Euronext. What people mean when they say that is data centres filled with tangible wires and machines.”In the first of a series of rooms sit 44 brokers who have their hardware co-located to Euronext’s server. Taking in the sight  the tangibility of Boujnah’s words sink in. Rows upon rows of grates and racks are methodically placed in precise order and equidistant from the server – a detail that is essential to avoid latency arbitrage. Each rack is filled with hundreds of computers equipped with wires and rhythmically flashing coloured lights. It is loud and hot and bright.These are the members of Euronext that pay for co-location services – the practice of placing their own hardware as close to the exchange’s server as possible for more latency sensitive practices. The computers sit like inmates are behind two more layers of metal grating. There are no doubt prisons with weaker security dotted around the world. In another similar room sits more co-location hardware and the exchange’s Optiq platform. For the most high-speed connection  the exchange offers a microwave service through satellite dishes based on the roof of the building.“Welcome to the trading floor  this is the new pit and these are the traders ” remarks Boujnah.InternalisationThe move to Bergamo from Basildon in the UK comes as part of a push from Euronext and Europe more widely to internalise its financial markets operations post-Brexit. Paired with the UK’s departure from the European Union  Euronext’s acquisition of Borsa Italiana from the London Stock Exchange Group (LSEG) as part of its Refinitiv takeover has equipped the exchange with the tools it needs to reduce its reliance on the UK all together.Beginning with the data centre move  Euronext has set out plans to continue on this internalisation path with the migration of its cash equity markets in Italy onto its Optiq platform in March next year  removing the need to pay LSEG for the use of its technology. Once Borsa Italiana’s flow has been migrated  roughly 11 to 12 billion euros will be changing hands using the technology situated within Aruba.it each day.At the end of 2023  Euronext has also set out plans to begin migrating its clearing operations away from LSEG’s LCH and over to the Bloc using its internal clearing house – Euronext Clearing  formerly CCMG – also acquired through the Borsa Italiana deal. The exchange moved to break off its 10-year deal – originally due to expire in 2027 – with LCH SA in November after announcing its plans to move its clearing operations to Italy.“This is an internalisation decision. We have decided to internalise wherever we can fundamental features of the organisation ” says Boujnah. “The data centre was based in London as at that time it was the financial centre of Europe. We are building a situation where Europeans can manage data strategy within the EU in a predictable regulatory environment and in a country where we have significant operations.”SustainabilityThe migration has also given Euronext better control over the sustainability of its operations  boasting the fact that the complex is 100% renewable energy powered. It sources its energy via hydropower from a nearby river. Data centres are gluttons for energy  requiring an immense amount of power not only to generate the computers  but also to cool them down. With regulators increasingly shining a light on the less ESG friendly corners of the markets  data centres not so aligned with Euronext’s will no doubt fall under interrogation soon enough.“Post-Brexit it was mission critical that something as important as this was based somewhere more certain ” says Boujnah.,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.19,0.15,0.66,True,English,"['continental data centre', 'new fortress', 'trading floor', 'Europe', 'Euronext', 'less ESG friendly corners', 'several other major data', 'London Stock Exchange Group', 'terracotta tiled rooves', 'chief executive officer', 'March next year', '11 to 12 billion euros', 'predictable regulatory environment', 'latency sensitive practices', 'cash equity markets', 'internal clearing house', 'new data centre', 'Borsa Italiana deal', 'financial markets operations', 'data centre move', 'financial centre', 'Several fences', 'several gates', 'data centres', 'latency arbitrage', 'new pit', '10-year deal', 'data strategy', 'clearing operations', 'rolling mountains', 'geometrically shaped', 'actual fortress', 'small fish', 'Fort Knox', 'white, blank', 'stretching corridors', 'precise order', 'coloured lights', 'location services', 'metal grating', 'similar room', 'Optiq platform', 'high-speed connection', 'microwave service', 'satellite dishes', 'trading floor', 'European Union', 'Refinitiv takeover', 'fundamental features', 'significant operations', 'nearby river', 'immense amount', 'airport security', 'security hurdles', 'weaker security', 'internalisation path', 'cloud providers', 'tangible wires', 'LCH SA', 'internalised Europe', 'impressive complex', 'location hardware', '100% renewable energy', 'Euronext Clearing', 'Stephane Boujnah', 'internalisation decision', 'Aruba.it', 'backdrop', 'warehouse', 'guarded', 'perimeter', 'importance', '14 months', 'infrastructure', 'Basildon', 'UK', 'Bergamo', 'Milan', 'symptom', 'Brexit', 'prospect', 'ties', 'expectation', 'possibility', 'epicentre', 'level', 'access', 'homage', 'front', 'mind', 'Gringotts', 'array', 'series', 'walls', 'magic', 'word', 'thing', 'people', 'machines', 'rooms', '44 brokers', 'server', 'sight', 'tangibility', 'Rows', 'grates', 'racks', 'detail', 'hundreds', 'computers', 'rhythmically', 'members', 'inmates', 'two', 'layers', 'doubt', 'prisons', 'world', 'roof', 'building', 'traders', 'part', 'push', 'acquisition', 'LSEG', 'tools', 'reliance', 'plans', 'migration', 'Italy', 'need', 'technology', 'flow', 'hands', 'Bloc', 'CCMG', 'November', 'organisation', 'time', 'situation', 'Europeans', 'country', 'Sustainability', 'control', 'fact', 'hydropower', 'gluttons', 'regulators', 'Post']",2022-11-08,2022-11-08,thetradenews.com
12906,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.nasdaq.com/articles/eu-wheat-extends-fall-as-russian-export-competition-weighs,EU wheat extends fall as Russian export competition weighs,Euronext wheat futures fell further on Tuesday to touch a seven-week low  curbed by competitive prices of Russian wheat in tenders from Egypt and Algeria  traders said. Losses were limited  however  by continued uncertainty over a wartime shipping corridor from Ukraine as well as declining availability in western Europe after a brisk start to the export season.,"PARIS  Nov 8 (Reuters) - Euronext wheat futures fell further on Tuesday to touch a seven-week low  curbed by competitive prices of Russian wheat in tenders from Egypt and Algeria  traders said.Losses were limited  however  by continued uncertainty over a wartime shipping corridor from Ukraine as well as declining availability in western Europe after a brisk start to the export season.December milling wheat BL2Z2 on Paris-based Euronext was 0.8% down at 333.25 euros ($336.15) a tonne by 1645 GMT  after touching its lowest since Sept. 20 at 333.00 euros.Weakness in Chicago futures Wv1 also weighed on Euronext as grain markets looked ahead to world supply and demand forecasts from the U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) on Wednesday. GRA/Algeria's state grains agency OAIC has made a small initial purchase in an international tender which closed on Tuesday  with estimated prices of $367-$368 a tonne  cost and freight included  suggesting Russian wheat as a likely source  traders said in early assessments.That followed a tender on Monday by Egypt  in which Russian wheat was offered at the lowest prices before Egyptian buying agency GASC cancelled the tender.In Germany  sellers of standard 12% protein wheat for November delivery in Hamburg were seeking a premium of about 10 euros over the Euronext December contract BL2Z2 against 11 euros over on Monday.""Russian wheat is looking the cheapest large-volume seller in the world export markets currently "" one German trader said. ""Russia has a big crop to dispose of and is likely to remain an aggressive seller in coming months  which could cost the EU export business.""Weekly European Union data showed the bloc had exported 12.52 million tonnes of soft wheat so far in the 2022/23 season  up 5% from a year earlier.($1 = 0.9914 euros)(Reporting by Gus Trompiz in Paris and Michael Hogan in Hamburg; Editing by Krishna Chandra Eluri)((gus.trompiz@thomsonreuters.com; +33 1 49 49 52 18; Reuters Messaging: gus.trompiz.thomsonreuters.com@reuters.net))The views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of Nasdaq  Inc.",neutral,0.01,0.97,0.02,negative,0.0,0.19,0.81,True,English,"['Russian export competition', 'EU wheat', 'Weekly European Union data', 'wartime shipping corridor', 'U.S. Department', 'small initial purchase', 'one German trader', 'Krishna Chandra Eluri', 'EU export business', 'cheapest large-volume seller', 'standard 12% protein wheat', 'state grains agency', 'Euronext December contract', 'world export markets', 'Euronext wheat futures', 'export season', 'December milling', 'Chicago futures', 'grain markets', 'world supply', 'aggressive seller', 'Russian wheat', 'Paris-based Euronext', 'soft wheat', 'seven-week low', 'continued uncertainty', 'declining availability', 'western Europe', 'brisk start', 'demand forecasts', 'likely source', 'early assessments', 'November delivery', 'big crop', 'coming months', '12.52 million tonnes', '2022/23 season', 'Gus Trompiz', 'Michael Hogan', 'wheat BL2Z2', 'competitive prices', 'lowest prices', 'Reuters Messaging', 'international tender', 'Tuesday', 'tenders', 'Egypt', 'Algeria', 'traders', 'Losses', 'Ukraine', '333.25 euros', '1645 GMT', 'Sept.', '333.00 euros', 'Weakness', 'Wv1', 'Agriculture', 'USDA', 'Wednesday', 'OAIC', 'cost', 'freight', 'Monday', 'GASC', 'Germany', 'sellers', 'Hamburg', 'premium', '10 euros', '11 euros', 'bloc', '0.9914 euros', 'Editing', 'views', 'opinions', 'author', 'Nasdaq', 'Inc']",2022-11-08,2022-11-08,nasdaq.com
12907,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.informazione.it/c/12EF46E3-9D7B-4E37-891D-ABF6988E3415/NFL-BIOSCIENCES-CLINICAL-TRIAL-APPROVED-TO-DEMONSTRATE-THE-COMPLEMENTARITY-OF-NFL-101-WITH-OTHER-SMOKING-CESSATION-TREATMENTS,NFL BIOSCIENCES: CLINICAL TRIAL APPROVED TO DEMONSTRATE THE COMPLEMENTARITY OF NFL-101 WITH OTHER SMOKING CESSATION TREATMENTS,CLINICAL TRIAL APPROVED TO DEMONSTRATE THE COMPLEMENTARITY OF NFL-101 WITH OTHER SMOKING CESSATION TREATMENTS NFL BIOSCIENCES (Euronext Growth Paris – FR0014003XT0 – ALNFL)  a biopharmaceutical company developing botanical drugs for the treatment of addictions ,CLINICAL TRIAL APPROVED TO DEMONSTRATE THE COMPLEMENTARITY OF NFL-101 WITH OTHER SMOKING CESSATION TREATMENTS NFL BIOSCIENCES (Euronext Growth Paris – FR0014003XT0 – ALNFL)  a biopharmaceutical company developing botanical drugs for the treatment of addictions ,neutral,0.01,0.91,0.08,neutral,0.0,0.95,0.05,True,English,"['CLINICAL TRIAL APPROVED', 'SMOKING CESSATION TREATMENTS', 'NFL BIOSCIENCES', 'COMPLEMENTARITY', 'NFL-101', 'OTHER', 'OTHER SMOKING CESSATION TREATMENTS NFL BIOSCIENCES', 'CLINICAL TRIAL APPROVED', 'Euronext Growth Paris', 'biopharmaceutical company', 'botanical drugs', 'COMPLEMENTARITY', 'NFL-101', 'FR0014003XT0', 'ALNFL', 'addictions']",2022-11-08,2022-11-08,informazione.it
12908,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,$Euronext Paris / Nasdaq Euronext Compartment [15s. delayed]: Issued Press Release on November 08  16:15:00: NANOBI… https://t.co/Zth1j2aD9r,nan,$Euronext Paris / Nasdaq Euronext Compartment [15s. delayed]: Issued Press Release on November 08  16:15:00: NANOBI… https://t.co/Zth1j2aD9r,neutral,0.08,0.9,0.02,neutral,0.08,0.9,0.02,True,English,"['Nasdaq Euronext Compartment', 'Press Release', 'Paris', 'November', 'NANOBI', 'Zth1j2aD9r', 'Nasdaq Euronext Compartment', 'Press Release', 'Paris', 'November', 'NANOBI', 'Zth1j2aD9r']",2022-11-08,2022-11-08,Unknown
12909,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,Euronext wheat futures fell further on Tuesday to touch a seven-week low  curbed by competitive prices of Russian w… https://t.co/JWVC08Qkoy,nan,Euronext wheat futures fell further on Tuesday to touch a seven-week low  curbed by competitive prices of Russian w… https://t.co/JWVC08Qkoy,neutral,0.09,0.89,0.01,neutral,0.09,0.89,0.01,True,English,"['Euronext wheat futures', 'seven-week low', 'competitive prices', 'Russian w', 'Tuesday', 'JWVC08Qkoy', 'Euronext wheat futures', 'seven-week low', 'competitive prices', 'Russian w', 'Tuesday', 'JWVC08Qkoy']",2022-11-08,2022-11-08,Unknown
12910,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,Euronext announces volumes for October 2022 - https://t.co/TyHpqTqgJu #businessnews #finance #marketnews,nan,Euronext announces volumes for October 2022 - https://t.co/TyHpqTqgJu #businessnews #finance #marketnews,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,True,English,"['Euronext', 'volumes', 'October', 'businessnews', 'marketnews', 'Euronext', 'volumes', 'October', 'businessnews', 'marketnews']",2022-11-08,2022-11-08,Unknown
12911,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,Euronext Announces Volumes For October 2022 https://t.co/LttdosLn7G,nan,Euronext Announces Volumes For October 2022 https://t.co/LttdosLn7G,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['Euronext', 'Volumes', 'October', 'LttdosLn7G', 'Euronext', 'Volumes', 'October', 'LttdosLn7G']",2022-11-08,2022-11-08,Unknown
12912,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,Euronext announces volumes for October 2022 https://t.co/BvNoXbrqLj,nan,Euronext announces volumes for October 2022 https://t.co/BvNoXbrqLj,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['Euronext', 'volumes', 'October', 'co', 'BvNoXbrqLj', 'Euronext', 'volumes', 'October', 'co', 'BvNoXbrqLj']",2022-11-08,2022-11-08,Unknown
12913,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,"“The data centre was based in London as at that time it was the financial centre of Europe."" Euronext CEO Stephane… https://t.co/NzTwvzeo5K",nan,"“The data centre was based in London as at that time it was the financial centre of Europe."" Euronext CEO Stephane… https://t.co/NzTwvzeo5K",neutral,0.06,0.93,0.01,neutral,0.06,0.93,0.01,True,English,"['Euronext CEO Stephane', 'data centre', 'financial centre', 'London', 'time', 'Europe', 'Euronext CEO Stephane', 'data centre', 'financial centre', 'London', 'time', 'Europe']",2022-11-08,2022-11-08,Unknown
12914,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,Inside Europe’s new fortress: Euronext’s new continental data centre and trading floorhttps://t.co/OVIPuczoaX,nan,Inside Europe’s new fortress: Euronext’s new continental data centre and trading floorhttps://t.co/OVIPuczoaX,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,True,English,"['new continental data centre', 'new fortress', 'trading floor', 'Europe', 'Euronext', 'OVIPuczoaX', 'new continental data centre', 'new fortress', 'trading floor', 'Europe', 'Euronext', 'OVIPuczoaX']",2022-11-08,2022-11-08,Unknown
12915,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,Inside Europe’s new fortress: Euronext’s new continental data centre and trading floor @theTRADEnews https://t.co/1g18KEcPq5,nan,Inside Europe’s new fortress: Euronext’s new continental data centre and trading floor @theTRADEnews https://t.co/1g18KEcPq5,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,True,English,"['new continental data centre', 'new fortress', 'trading floor', 'Europe', 'Euronext', 'new continental data centre', 'new fortress', 'trading floor', 'Europe', 'Euronext']",2022-11-08,2022-11-08,Unknown
12916,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,Our CEO @MarcODwyer ringing the bell @euronext_ie with @kingsleyaikins at @guaranteed_irl… https://t.co/PY7DMJoyh4,nan,Our CEO @MarcODwyer ringing the bell @euronext_ie with @kingsleyaikins at @guaranteed_irl… https://t.co/PY7DMJoyh4,neutral,0.07,0.91,0.02,neutral,0.07,0.91,0.02,True,English,"['CEO', 'MarcODwyer', 'bell', 'PY7DMJoyh4', 'CEO', 'MarcODwyer', 'bell', 'PY7DMJoyh4']",2022-11-08,2022-11-08,Unknown
12917,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,@bkilleenfo @guaranteed_irl @euronext @sensys_tech Great montage Ben. It was lovely to meet you and so many other E… https://t.co/QjhQ1xeAZK,nan,@bkilleenfo @guaranteed_irl @euronext @sensys_tech Great montage Ben. It was lovely to meet you and so many other E… https://t.co/QjhQ1xeAZK,positive,0.93,0.07,0.0,positive,0.93,0.07,0.0,True,English,"['Great montage Ben', 'bkilleenfo', 'irl', 'euronext', 'sensys_tech', 'QjhQ1xeAZK', 'Great montage Ben', 'bkilleenfo', 'irl', 'euronext', 'sensys_tech', 'QjhQ1xeAZK']",2022-11-08,2022-11-08,Unknown
