UID,Searchword,API,URL,Title,Summary,Article,Title_Sentiment,Title_Positive,Title_Neutral,Title_Negative,Article_Sentiment,Article_Positive,Article_Neutral,Article_Negative,Verified,Language,Topics,Date,Load_Date,Source
20835,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,@CGasparino @CreditSuisse Banks are blackboxes..nobody knows what inside..At @euroclear they trade stuff nobody understands anymore..t,nan,@CGasparino @CreditSuisse Banks are blackboxes..nobody knows what inside..At @euroclear they trade stuff nobody understands anymore..t,neutral,0.02,0.9,0.08,neutral,0.02,0.9,0.08,True,English,"['CreditSuisse Banks', 'CGasparino', 'blackboxes', 'stuff', 'CreditSuisse Banks', 'CGasparino', 'blackboxes', 'stuff']",2023-03-20,2023-03-23,Unknown
20836,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,How far the Fed's facility is likely to go in stopping bank MBS woes #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/h5hNhE5RXu #regtech,nan,How far the Fed's facility is likely to go in stopping bank MBS woes #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/h5hNhE5RXu #regtech,negative,0.01,0.22,0.77,negative,0.01,0.22,0.77,True,English,"['bank MBS woes', 'Fed', 'facility', 'bank MBS woes', 'Fed', 'facility']",2023-03-20,2023-03-23,Unknown
20862,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,@Blatnik_ @Miha84304756 Euroclear.,nan,@Blatnik_ @Miha84304756 Euroclear.,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,True,English,[],2023-03-21,2023-03-23,Unknown
20863,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,Credit union leaders taking steps to keep clear of the bank crisis #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/z9XHxRX0I4 #regtech,nan,Credit union leaders taking steps to keep clear of the bank crisis #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/z9XHxRX0I4 #regtech,neutral,0.02,0.61,0.38,neutral,0.02,0.61,0.38,True,English,"['Credit union leaders', 'bank crisis', 'steps', 'Credit union leaders', 'bank crisis', 'steps']",2023-03-21,2023-03-23,Unknown
20864,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,No1's offering Hershey's choc bars in ATMs  SWIFT messages and Euroclear to buy/sell goods and services. The compar… https://t.co/guvHaeJpGz,nan,No1's offering Hershey's choc bars in ATMs  SWIFT messages and Euroclear to buy/sell goods and services. The compar… https://t.co/guvHaeJpGz,neutral,0.12,0.86,0.02,neutral,0.12,0.86,0.02,True,English,"['choc bars', 'SWIFT messages', 'No1', 'Hershey', 'ATMs', 'Euroclear', 'goods', 'services', 'compar', 'choc bars', 'SWIFT messages', 'No1', 'Hershey', 'ATMs', 'Euroclear', 'goods', 'services', 'compar']",2023-03-21,2023-03-23,Unknown
20865,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,Are you looking to kick off your career in IT? Just 1 week left to discover you can do it at Euroclear! Register he… https://t.co/4XdabALhsw,nan,Are you looking to kick off your career in IT? Just 1 week left to discover you can do it at Euroclear! Register he… https://t.co/4XdabALhsw,neutral,0.07,0.91,0.01,neutral,0.07,0.91,0.01,True,English,"['career', 'IT', 'Euroclear', 'XdabALhsw', 'career', 'IT', 'Euroclear', 'XdabALhsw']",2023-03-21,2023-03-23,Unknown
20956,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,⚠️  DEUTSCHE BOERSE AG - CLEARSTREAM AFTER LEGAL CONSULTATION BELIEVES CLAIMS MADE AGAINST IT IN LUXEMBOURG TO BE WITHOUT MERIT,nan,⚠️  DEUTSCHE BOERSE AG - CLEARSTREAM AFTER LEGAL CONSULTATION BELIEVES CLAIMS MADE AGAINST IT IN LUXEMBOURG TO BE WITHOUT MERIT,neutral,0.07,0.84,0.09,neutral,0.07,0.84,0.09,True,English,"['LEGAL CONSULTATION BELIEVES CLAIMS', 'DEUTSCHE BOERSE AG', 'CLEARSTREAM', 'MERIT', 'LEGAL CONSULTATION BELIEVES CLAIMS', 'DEUTSCHE BOERSE AG', 'CLEARSTREAM', 'MERIT']",2023-03-22,2023-03-23,Unknown
20957,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,Antennas Direct ClearStream 4V TV Antenna  70+ Mile Range  UHF/Vhf  Multi-Directional  Indoor  Attic  Outdoor  Mast… https://t.co/l8DIYv3jx7,nan,Antennas Direct ClearStream 4V TV Antenna  70+ Mile Range  UHF/Vhf  Multi-Directional  Indoor  Attic  Outdoor  Mast… https://t.co/l8DIYv3jx7,neutral,0.07,0.92,0.01,neutral,0.07,0.92,0.01,True,English,"['ClearStream 4V TV Antenna', '70+ Mile Range', 'Antennas', 'Indoor', 'Attic', 'Outdoor', 'Mast', 'ClearStream 4V TV Antenna', '70+ Mile Range', 'Antennas', 'Indoor', 'Attic', 'Outdoor', 'Mast']",2023-03-22,2023-03-23,Unknown
20958,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,@DecryptSim @concodanomics @MikeIppolito_ I left Clearstream to build CLS Bank: $6-7 Trillion average daily foreign… https://t.co/z8Ns69ZGeA,nan,@DecryptSim @concodanomics @MikeIppolito_ I left Clearstream to build CLS Bank: $6-7 Trillion average daily foreign… https://t.co/z8Ns69ZGeA,neutral,0.07,0.92,0.01,neutral,0.07,0.92,0.01,True,English,"['CLS Bank', 'DecryptSim', 'concodanomics', 'Clearstream', 'Trillion', 'CLS Bank', 'DecryptSim', 'concodanomics', 'Clearstream', 'Trillion']",2023-03-20,2023-03-23,Unknown
20968,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,Deutsche Börse AG: US Court Grants Judgment To Plaintiffs’ Group Seeking Turnover Of Assets Attributed To Bank Mark… https://t.co/fzNGAvpJ2R,nan,Deutsche Börse AG: US Court Grants Judgment To Plaintiffs’ Group Seeking Turnover Of Assets Attributed To Bank Mark… https://t.co/fzNGAvpJ2R,neutral,0.13,0.86,0.02,neutral,0.13,0.86,0.02,True,English,"['Deutsche Börse AG', 'US Court', 'Plaintiffs’ Group', 'Bank Mark', 'Judgment', 'Turnover', 'Assets', 'Deutsche Börse AG', 'US Court', 'Plaintiffs’ Group', 'Bank Mark', 'Judgment', 'Turnover', 'Assets']",2023-03-22,2023-03-23,Unknown
20969,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,⚠️  DEUTSCHE BOERSE AG - CLEARSTREAM AFTER LEGAL CONSULTATION BELIEVES CLAIMS MADE AGAINST IT IN LUXEMBOURG TO BE WITHOUT MERIT,nan,⚠️  DEUTSCHE BOERSE AG - CLEARSTREAM AFTER LEGAL CONSULTATION BELIEVES CLAIMS MADE AGAINST IT IN LUXEMBOURG TO BE WITHOUT MERIT,neutral,0.07,0.84,0.09,neutral,0.07,0.84,0.09,True,English,"['LEGAL CONSULTATION BELIEVES CLAIMS', 'DEUTSCHE BOERSE AG', 'CLEARSTREAM', 'MERIT', 'LEGAL CONSULTATION BELIEVES CLAIMS', 'DEUTSCHE BOERSE AG', 'CLEARSTREAM', 'MERIT']",2023-03-22,2023-03-23,Unknown
20970,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,Deutsche Börse AG: US court grants judgment to plaintiffs’ group seeking turnover of assets attri... https://t.co/HJL4FWQfen,nan,Deutsche Börse AG: US court grants judgment to plaintiffs’ group seeking turnover of assets attri... https://t.co/HJL4FWQfen,neutral,0.05,0.91,0.03,neutral,0.05,0.91,0.03,True,English,"['Deutsche Börse AG', 'US court', 'plaintiffs’ group', 'judgment', 'turnover', 'assets', 'HJL4FWQfen', 'Deutsche Börse AG', 'US court', 'plaintiffs’ group', 'judgment', 'turnover', 'assets', 'HJL4FWQfen']",2023-03-22,2023-03-23,Unknown
20971,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,(Deutsche Börse's Crypto Subsidiary Provides Trading Solutions to Apex Group) Read the full articles on BSCDesk : B… https://t.co/vr0o6jwXQs,nan,(Deutsche Börse's Crypto Subsidiary Provides Trading Solutions to Apex Group) Read the full articles on BSCDesk : B… https://t.co/vr0o6jwXQs,neutral,0.05,0.95,0.0,neutral,0.05,0.95,0.0,True,English,"['Deutsche Börse', 'Crypto Subsidiary', 'Trading Solutions', 'Apex Group', 'full articles', 'BSCDesk', 'vr0o6jwXQs', 'Deutsche Börse', 'Crypto Subsidiary', 'Trading Solutions', 'Apex Group', 'full articles', 'BSCDesk', 'vr0o6jwXQs']",2023-03-22,2023-03-23,Unknown
20972,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,Deutsche Börse's Crypto Subsidiary Provides Trading Solutions to Apex Group &lt;p is greater than Apex Group a financial services pro… https://t.co/R3jYLbabo0,nan,Deutsche Börse's Crypto Subsidiary Provides Trading Solutions to Apex Group &lt;p is greater than Apex Group a financial services pro… https://t.co/R3jYLbabo0,neutral,0.08,0.91,0.01,neutral,0.08,0.91,0.01,True,English,"['Deutsche Börse', 'Crypto Subsidiary', 'Trading Solutions', 'Apex Group', 'financial services', 'R3jYLbabo0', 'Deutsche Börse', 'Crypto Subsidiary', 'Trading Solutions', 'Apex Group', 'financial services', 'R3jYLbabo0']",2023-03-22,2023-03-23,Unknown
20973,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,@long_equity Would you include Euronext and Deutsche Boerse in your list of high quality companies?,nan,@long_equity Would you include Euronext and Deutsche Boerse in your list of high quality companies?,neutral,0.05,0.95,0.0,neutral,0.05,0.95,0.0,True,English,"['high quality companies', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'Euronext', 'list', 'high quality companies', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'Euronext', 'list']",2023-03-22,2023-03-23,Unknown
21050,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/notice-attend-annual-general-meeting-174500521.html,Notice to attend the Annual General Meeting of Vitrolife AB (publ),The shareholders of Vitrolife AB (publ) are hereby invited to attend the Annual General Meeting of shareholders on Thursday 27 April 2023 at 4.00 pm at the...,GOTHENBURG  Sweden  March 22  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- The shareholders of Vitrolife AB (publ) are hereby invited to attend the Annual General Meeting of shareholders on Thursday 27 April 2023 at 4.00 pm at the Elite Park Avenue Hotel  Kungsportsavenyn 36-38 in Gothenburg  Sweden. Notice of attendance at the Annual General Meeting shall be given no later than Friday 21 April 2023.Shareholders who wish to attend the Annual General Meeting must:-be recorded in the share register prepared by Euroclear Sweden AB relating to the circumstances on Wednesday 19 April 2023; and-notify their attendance in accordance with the instructions in the Notice by Friday 21 April 2023.Shareholders who have had their shares registered with a nominee through a bank or other nominee must temporarily register the shares in their own name in the share register kept by Euroclear Sweden AB in order to participate in the meeting.The following proposals will be amongst those presented at the Annual General Meeting:The Board of Directors proposes a dividend of SEK 0.85 per share and Tuesday 2 May 2023 as the record day for the dividend.The Election Committee proposes that the Board shall consist of six members. The Election Committee proposes re-election of the Board members Lars Holmqvist  Pia Marions  Henrik Blomquist  Karen Lykke Sørensen  Vesa Koskinen and Jón Sigurdsson. It is proposed that Henrik Blomquist is the Chairman of the Board. Remuneration to the Board members is proposed to be in total SEK 3 600 000 of which SEK 1 200 000 to the Chairman of the Board  SEK 400 000 to each of the other members of the Board  SEK 100 000 to the Chairman of the Audit Committee  SEK 100 000 to the Chairman of the Remuneration Committee and SEK 50 000 to each of the other members of these committees. The proposal means no increase in the Board fees compared to the previous year. The Election Committee proposes re-election of the auditor for a mandate period of one year with unchanged remuneration principles.Story continuesResolution on an amendment of the Articles of Association in order to facilitate postal voting.Authorization for the Board to resolve to issue new shares up until the next Annual General Meeting.Authorization for the Board to resolve on acquisition of the company's own shares up until the next Annual General Meeting.Attachment: Full noticeGothenburg 22 March 2023VITROLIFE AB (publ)The Board of DirectorsCONTACT:Contact:Jón Sigurdsson  Chairman of the Board  email: jsigurdsson@ossur.comPatrik Tolf  CFO  phone +46 31 766 90 21  email: ptolf@vitrolife.comThis is a translation of the Swedish version of the press release. When in doubt  the Swedish wording prevails.The following files are available for download:https://mb.cision.com/Main/1031/3738571/1934879.pdf Notice to Vitrolife AB AGM 2023CisionView original content:https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/notice-to-attend-the-annual-general-meeting-of-vitrolife-ab-publ-301778939.htmlSOURCE Vitrolife AB (publ),neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.52,0.15,0.33,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'Vitrolife AB', 'Notice', 'Elite Park Avenue Hotel', 'Karen Lykke Sørensen', 'next Annual General Meeting', 'Jón Sigurdsson', 'unchanged remuneration principles', 'Vitrolife AB AGM', 'SOURCE Vitrolife AB', 'Euroclear Sweden AB', 'The Election Committee', 'Audit Committee', 'Remuneration Committee', 'The Board', 'Thursday 27 April', 'Friday 21 April', 'Wednesday 19 April', 'following proposals', 'record day', 'six members', 'Lars Holmqvist', 'Pia Marions', 'Henrik Blomquist', 'Vesa Koskinen', 'other members', 'previous year', 'mandate period', 'one year', 'postal voting', 'Patrik Tolf', 'Swedish version', 'press release', 'Swedish wording', 'following files', 'original content', 'share register', 'other nominee', 'Board members', 'Board fees', 'new shares', 'Full notice', 'GOTHENBURG', 'March', 'shareholders', 'Kungsportsavenyn', 'attendance', 'circumstances', 'accordance', 'instructions', 'bank', 'name', 'order', 'Directors', 'SEK', 'Tuesday', 'May', 'Chairman', 'total', 'committees', 'increase', 'auditor', 'Story', 'Resolution', 'amendment', 'Articles', 'Association', 'Authorization', 'acquisition', 'company', 'Attachment', 'CONTACT', 'email', 'jsigurdsson', 'CFO', 'phone', 'translation', 'doubt', 'download', 'cision', 'Main', 'annual-general-meeting', 'publ', '4.00']",2023-03-22,2023-03-23,finance.yahoo.com
21051,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/notice-general-meeting-harvia-plc-090000165.html,Notice to the General Meeting of Harvia Plc,STOCK EXCHANGE RELEASE 22 March 2023 at 11.00 am EET Notice to the General Meeting of Harvia Plc The shareholders of Harvia Plc are invited to the Annual...,Harvia OyjSTOCK EXCHANGE RELEASE22 March 2023 at 11.00 am EETNotice to the General Meeting of Harvia PlcThe shareholders of Harvia Plc are invited to the Annual General Meeting to be held on 20 April 2023 at 10.00 a.m. EEST at Tyynenmerenkatu 2  FI-00220 Helsinki. The reception of persons who have registered for the meeting and the distribution of the voting tickets will commence at 9.00 a.m. EEST.Shareholders can also exercise their voting rights by voting in advance. Instructions for advance voting are set out in Part C of this notice to the General Meeting.It is possible to follow the General Meeting via webcast. Instructions on how to follow the webcast are available on the company’s website www.harviagroup.com . Following the webcast does not imply formal shareholder participation in the General Meeting or the exercise of the shareholder’s rights.A. Matters on the Agenda of the General MeetingThe General Meeting will discuss the following matters:1. Opening of the meeting2. Calling the meeting to order3. Election of persons to scrutinise the minutes and to supervise the counting of votes4. Recording the legality of the meeting5. Recording attendance at the meeting and adoption of the list of votes6. Presentation of the financial statements  the report of the Board of Directors and the auditor’s report for 2022- Presentation of the CEO’s review.As of 30 March 2023  at the latest  the financial statements  the report of the Board of Directors and the auditor’s report are available on the company’s website at www.harviagroup.com .7. Adoption of the financial statements  including the adoption of the consolidated financial statements8. Resolution on the use of the profit shown on the balance sheet and the distribution of dividendThe Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that  based on the adopted balance sheet for the financial year 2022  EUR 0.64 per share be paid as dividend and that the remainder of the distributable funds be transferred to shareholders’ equity.Story continuesThe Board of Directors proposes that the dividend is paid in two instalments. The first instalment  EUR 0.32 per share  will be paid to shareholders who are registered in the shareholders’ register maintained by Euroclear Finland Ltd on the record date of the dividend of 24 April 2023. The Board of Directors proposes that the dividend be paid on 2 May 2023.The second instalment  EUR 0.32 per share  shall be paid in October 2023. The second instalment will be paid to shareholders who are registered in the shareholders’ register maintained by Euroclear Finland Ltd on the record date of the dividend  which  together with the dividend payment date  shall be decided by the Board of Directors in its meeting scheduled for 19 October 2023. The record date of the dividend date would then be 23 October 2023 and the dividend payment date 30 October 2023.9. Resolution on the discharge of the members of the Board of Directors and the CEO from liability10. Handling of the remuneration report for governing bodiesThe remuneration report for 2022 prepared in accordance with the remuneration policy adopted on 2 April 2020 by the company’s Annual General Meeting is available on the company’s website at www.harviagroup.com .The Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting adopts the remuneration report for the governing bodies. The resolution is an advisory resolution.11. Resolution on the remuneration of the members of the Board of DirectorsPresentation of the proposal of the Shareholders’ Nomination Board of Harvia Plc by the Chairman of the Shareholders’ Nomination Board  Juho Lipsanen.The Shareholders’ Nomination Board of Harvia Plc proposes that the remuneration be paid to the Board members as follows: Monthly remuneration: The Chair of the Board of Directors is paid EUR 4 500  Deputy Chair of the Board and other members of Board of Directors are paid EUR 2 500. The Chair of the Audit Committee is paid EUR 1 300 a month and the members of the Audit Committee are paid EUR 750 a month. The proposed remuneration corresponds to the remuneration approved by the Annual General Meeting 2022.Further  the Nomination Board proposes a new element that the monthly remuneration of the Board members be paid in company shares and in cash in such a way that approximately 40 per cent of the total monthly remuneration will be paid in company shares purchased at a price determined in public trading on Nasdaq Helsinki Ltd and approximately 60 per cent will be paid in cash. The shares will be acquired within two weeks from the day following the publication of the company’s interim report for the period 1 January–31 March 2023. The company will pay any costs and transfer tax related to the purchase of company shares. In case the remuneration cannot be paid in company shares due to legal or other regulatory restrictions or due to other reasons related to the company or a member of the Board of Directors  the remuneration will be paid in cash.A member of the Board of Directors may not transfer the shares received as remuneration for Board membership in 2023 until two years has passed since the date of transfer of the shares.It is proposed that the remuneration for the members of the Audit Committee be paid fully in cash.In addition  it is proposed that the members of the Board of Directors who live outside Finland be paid EUR 900 for each meeting if the member travels to Finland only for that meeting. It is proposed that the fee be paid in cash. When the member of the Board of Directors attends the meeting by telephone or other electronic means  no fee would be paid for that meeting. No fee would be paid for decisions made without convening a meeting.It is also proposed that the travel expenses of the members of the Board of Directors are compensated in accordance with the company’s travel rules.12. Resolution on the number of members on the Board of DirectorsThe Shareholders’ Nomination Board of Harvia Plc proposes to the Annual General Meeting that the number of members of the Board of Directors will be increased by a maximum of one member  from the current five to six members.13. Election of members of the Board of DirectorsThe Shareholders’ Nomination Board of Harvia Plc proposes to the Annual General Meeting that Olli Liitola  Anders Holmén  Hille Korhonen and Heiner Olbrich be reappointed to the Board of Directors. The Nomination Board proposes that Markus Lengauer and Catharina Stackelberg-Hammarén be appointed as new members of the Board of Directors. Of the current members of the Board of Directors  Sanna Suvanto-Harsaae has informed the Shareholders’ Nomination Board that she is no longer available for re-election to the Board of Directors.All proposed persons have given their consent to the appointment. They are independent of the company and of the major shareholders of the company.The presentation and shareholdings of the persons nominated for the Board of Directors is available at Harvia Plc’s website: www.harviagroup.com .14. Resolution on the remuneration of the AuditorThe Board of Directors proposes that the Auditor to be appointed will receive remuneration in accordance with a reasonable invoice approved by the company.15. Election of the auditorThe Board of Directors proposes that Authorised Public Accounting firm PricewaterhouseCoopers Oy be elected as the Auditor of the company for the following term of office. PricewaterhouseCoopers Oy has stated that Authorised Public Accountant Markku Katajisto will act as the Responsible Auditor should PricewaterhouseCoopers Oy be elected as the Auditor of the company.16. Proposal by the Board of Directors to amend the Articles of AssociationThe Board of Directors proposes that 10 § of the Articles of Association be amended so that  upon the decision of the Board of Directors  the General Meeting can be organised without any meeting venue (remote meeting). The amended article of the Articles of Association reads as follows:“10 § NOTICE OF AN ANNUAL GENERAL MEETINGThe notice convening an Annual General Meeting shall be delivered to the shareholders no earlier than three (3) months and no later than three (3) weeks prior to the Meeting  however  no later than nine (9) days before the record date of the Annual General Meeting.The notice shall be delivered to the shareholders by means of a notice published on the Company’s website or in at least one national daily newspaper designated by the Board of Directors.In order to be entitled to attend and use their right to speak at an Annual General Meeting  a shareholder must notify the Company of its attendance by the date specified in the notice convening the Meeting  which date may not be earlier than ten (10) days prior to the Meeting.In addition to the domicile of the Company  General Meetings may be held in Helsinki or the Board of Directors may decide that a General Meeting of Shareholders is arranged without a meeting venue so that the shareholders exercise their full decision-making powers in real time during the meeting by use of telecommunication connections and technical means (remote meeting).”It is proposed that the Articles of Association remain otherwise unchanged.17. Authorising the Board of Directors to decide on the repurchase of the company’s own sharesThe Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting authorise the Board of Directors to resolve on the repurchase of a maximum of 934 711 shares in the company in one or several tranches.The maximum number of shares that can be repurchased corresponds to approximately 5 per cent of all the shares in the company on the date of this notice. However  a decision to acquire own shares shall not be made so that the treasury shares in the possession of the company and its subsidiaries would exceed one tenth of all shares. Only the unrestricted equity of the company can be used to repurchase own shares on the basis of the authorisation. The shares can be repurchased otherwise than in proportion to the shareholdings of the shareholders in public trading arranged by Nasdaq Helsinki Ltd for the market price formed at the moment of purchase or otherwise at a price formed on the market.The authorisation is proposed to be used e.g.  for the purposes of the company’s share-based incentive systems or for other purposes decided by the Board of Directors.Shares purchased by the company may be held by it  cancelled or transferred. The Board of Directors decides on other matters related to the repurchasing of own shares.The Board of Directors proposes that the authorisation replaces the authorisation of the Board of Directors to resolve on the repurchase of own shares granted by the shareholders of the company on 7 April 2022.It is proposed that the authorisation remain valid until the closing of the next Annual General Meeting  but no longer than until 30 June 2024.18. Authorising the Board of Directors to decide on the issue of shares  options and other special rights entitling to sharesThe Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting authorise the Board of Directors to resolve on the issuance of shares and the issuance of special rights entitling to shares as referred to in Chapter 10 Section 1 of the Finnish Limited Liability Companies Act in one or several parts  either against payment or without payment.The aggregate number of shares to be issued  including the shares to be received based on special rights  must not exceed 1 869 423 shares. The Board of the Directors may resolve to issue new shares or to transfer own shares possibly held by the company.The Board of Directors is authorised to decide on all other matters related to the issuance of shares and special rights entitling to shares  including the right to deviate from the pre-emptive right of shareholders to subscribe to shares to be issued. The authorisation is proposed to be used for the purposes of strengthening the balance sheet and financing position of the company or for other purposes decided by the Board of Directors.It is proposed that the authorisation remain valid until the closing of the next Annual General Meeting  but no longer than until 30 June 2024. The authorisation replaces and revokes all previous unused authorisations of the Board of Directors to resolve on the issuance of shares  share options and other special rights entitling to shares.19. Closing of the meetingB. Documents of the Annual General MeetingThe above-mentioned proposals for resolutions on the agenda of the General Meeting and this notice are available on Harvia Plc’s website at www.harviagroup.com . Harvia Plc’s financial statements  report of the Board of Directors  auditor’s report and remuneration policy and remuneration report will be available on said website by 30 March 2023 at the latest. The proposed resolutions and other documents mentioned above will also be available for inspection at the General Meeting.The minutes of the General Meeting will be available on the above-mentioned website from 4 May 2023 onwards at the latest.C. Instructions for the participants in the Annual General Meeting1. Shareholders registered in the shareholders’ registerShareholders who are registered in the shareholders’ register of Euroclear Finland Oy on the record date of the General Meeting 6 April 2023 are entitled to participate in the General Meeting. A shareholder whose shares in the company are registered in his/her personal Finnish book-entry account is registered in the company’s shareholders’ register.Registration for the General Meeting starts on 23 March 2023 at 10.00 a.m. EET. A shareholder entered in the company’s shareholders’ register who wishes to attend the General Meeting must register no later than 14 April 2023 at 4.00 p.m. EEST  by which time the registration must be received. You can register for the General Meeting:a) via the company’s website at www.harviagroup.com . Electronic registration requires strong identification of the shareholder or his/her legal representative or proxy with a Finnish or Swedish bank ID or mobile certificate.;b) by e-mail or mail. Shareholders registering by mail or e-mail shall submit the registration form available on the company’s website www.harviagroup.com or equivalent information to Innovatics Oy by mail to Innovatics Oy  General Meeting / Harvia Plc  Ratamestarinkatu 13 A  FI-00520 Helsinki or by e-mail to agm@innovatics.fi.When registering  please provide the requested information  such as the shareholder’s name  date of birth or business ID  contact details  the name of any assistant or proxy representative and the proxy’s date of birth. The personal data provided by shareholders to Harvia Plc will only be used in connection with the General Meeting and the processing of the necessary registrations related thereto.The shareholder  his/her representative or proxy must be able to prove his/her identity and/or right of representation at the meeting if necessary.Further information on registration and advance voting is available by telephone during the registration period of the General Meeting by calling Innovatics Oy at +358 10 2818 909 on weekdays from 9.00 a.m. to 12.00 p.m. and from 13.00 p.m. to 16.00 p.m.2. Holders of nominee-registered sharesA holder of nominee-registered shares is entitled to participate in the General Meeting on the basis of the shares which would entitle him/her to be entered in the shareholders’ register kept by Euroclear Finland Oy on the record date for the General Meeting 6 April 2023. Participation also requires that the shareholder is temporarily registered in the shareholders’ register held by Euroclear Finland Oy by 17 April 2023 by 10.00 a.m. EEST at the latest. In the case of nominee-registered shares  this is considered as registration for the General Meeting. Changes in the shareholding after the record date of the General Meeting do not affect the right to participate in the General Meeting or the shareholder’s voting rights.The holder of nominee-registered shares is advised to request well in advance the necessary instructions from his/her custodian bank regarding temporary registration in the register of shareholders  the issuing of proxy documents and voting instructions  registration  and attendance at the General Meeting and advance voting. The account manager of the custodian bank shall register the holder of nominee-registered shares who wishes to attend the Annual General Meeting temporarily in the register of shareholders of the company by the aforementioned date and time at the latest and  if necessary  arrange for advance voting on behalf of the holder of nominee-registered shares before the end of the registration period for holders of nominee-registered shares. Further information is also available on the company’s website at www.harviagroup.com .3. Proxy representatives and powers of attorneyA shareholder may attend the General Meeting and exercise his/her rights there through a proxy representative. A shareholder’s proxy may also elect to vote in advance as described in this notice if he/she so wishes. The proxy representative must authenticate to the electronic registration service and advance voting personally with strong authentication  after which he/she will be able to register and vote in advance on behalf of the shareholder that he/she represents. The shareholder’s proxy must present dated proxy documents  or otherwise in a reliable manner prove that he/she is entitled to represent the shareholder at the General Meeting. You can prove your right to representation by using the suomi.fi e-Authorizations service available in the electronic registration service.Model proxy documents and voting instructions are available on the company’s website www.harviagroup.com . If a shareholder participates in the General Meeting through several proxies representing the shareholder with shares held in different securities accounts  the shares on the basis of which each proxy represents the shareholder shall be identified in connection with the registration.Any proxy documents are requested to be submitted preferably as an attachment with the electronic registration or alternatively by mail to Innovatics Oy  General Meeting / Harvia Plc  Ratamestarinkatu 13 A  FI-00520 Helsinki or by e-mail to agm@innovatics.fi before the end of the registration period. In addition to submitting the proxy documents  the shareholder or his/her proxy shall register for the General Meeting in the manner described above in this notice.4. Advance votingA shareholder whose shares in the company are registered in his/her personal Finnish book-entry account may vote in advance between 23 March 2023 at 10.00 a.m. EET and 14 April 2023 at 4.00 p.m. EEST on certain items on the agenda of the General Meeting.a) via the company’s website at www.harviagroup.com . Login to the service is done in the same way as for registration in section C.1 of this notice.b) by mail or by e-mail by submitting the advance voting form available on the company’s website or equivalent information to Innovatics Oy at Innovatics Oy  General Meeting / Harvia Plc  Ratamestarinkatu 13 A  FI-00520 Helsinki  Finland or by e-mail at agm@innovatics.fi. Advance votes must be received by the time the advance voting ends. The submission of votes in this way before the end of the registration and advance voting period shall be considered as registration for the General Meeting  provided that it contains the above information required for registration.A shareholder who has voted in advance cannot exercise the right to ask questions or demand a vote under the Finnish Limited Liability Companies Act unless he/she attends the General Meeting in person or by proxy at the meeting venue.With respect to nominee registered shareholders  the advance voting is carried out by the account manager. The account manager may vote in advance on behalf of the holders of nominee-registered shares whom he/she represents in accordance with the voting instructions given by them during the registration period set for the nominee-registered shareholders.Proposals for resolution that are subject to advance voting are deemed to have been made at the General Meeting without any changes. The conditions and other instructions for electronic advance voting are available on the company’s website at www.harviagroup.com .5. Other instructions and informationThe meeting language is Finnish.Shareholders present at the General Meeting have the right to ask questions about the matters discussed at the meeting in accordance with Chapter 5  Section 25 of the Finnish Limited Liability Companies Act.Changes in the shareholding after the record date of the General Meeting do not affect the right to participate in the General Meeting or the shareholder’s voting rights.On the date of the notice to the meeting  Harvia Plc has a total of 18 694 236 shares representing the same number of votes. The company holds on 22 March 2023 a total of 21 074 of its own shares which are not entitled to vote at the Annual General Meeting.Shareholders may follow the Annual General Meeting remotely on the internet via video stream provided by the company. Shareholders following the meeting this way are not considered to participate in the Annual General Meeting and thus may not  among other  exercise their right to pose questions referred to in Chapter 5  Section 25 of the Finnish Limited Liability Companies Act or vote in the meeting. A link to the video stream and detailed instructions for following the video stream are available at the company’s website at www.harviagroup.com .Muurame  22 March 2023HARVIA PLCBOARD OF DIRECTORSADDITIONAL INFORMATIONCEO Tapio Pajuharju  tel. +358 50 577 4200CFO Ari Vesterinen  tel. +358 40 505 0440Distribution:Nasdaq Helsinki LtdMain Mediawww.harviagroup.comHarvia is one of the leading companies operating in the sauna and spa market globally  as measured by revenue. Harvia’s brands and product portfolio are well known in the market  and the company’s comprehensive product portfolio strives to meet the needs of the international sauna and spa market of both private and professional customers.Harvia’s revenue totaled EUR 172.4 million in 2022. Harvia Group employs more than 600 professionals in Finland  China and Hong Kong  Romania  Austria  United States  Germany and Estonia. The company is headquartered in Muurame  Finland  adjacent to its largest sauna and sauna component manufacturing facility.Read more: https://harviagroup.com,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,positive,0.45,0.25,0.31,True,English,"['General Meeting', 'Harvia Plc', 'Notice', 'The Shareholders’ Nomination Board', 'Euroclear Finland Ltd', 'other regulatory restrictions', 'formal shareholder participation', 'Nasdaq Helsinki Ltd', 'Annual General Meeting', 'consolidated financial statements', 'The General Meeting', 'total monthly remuneration', 'other reasons', 'The Board', 'financial year', 'Harvia Oyj', 'EXCHANGE RELEASE', 'Harvia Plc', 'voting tickets', 'Part C', 'following matters', 'balance sheet', 'distributable funds', 'shareholders’ equity', 'two instalments', 'first instalment', 'shareholders’ register', 'record date', 'second instalment', 'payment date', 'dividend date', 'governing bodies', 'Juho Lipsanen', 'Audit Committee', 'new element', '40 per cent', 'public trading', '60 per cent', 'two weeks', 'other members', 'remuneration policy', 'voting rights', 'advance voting', 'A. Matters', 'interim report', 'Deputy Chair', 'advisory resolution', 'company shares', 'Board members', 'remuneration report', '10.00 a', '22 March', 'Notice', '20 April', 'EEST', 'Tyynenmerenkatu', 'reception', 'persons', 'distribution', 'Instructions', 'webcast', 'website', 'harviagroup', 'exercise', 'Agenda', 'Opening', 'Election', 'minutes', 'counting', 'votes', 'legality', 'attendance', 'adoption', 'list', 'Presentation', 'Directors', 'auditor', 'CEO', 'review', '30 March', 'use', 'profit', 'remainder', 'Story', '24 April', '2 May', 'October', 'discharge', 'liability', 'Handling', 'accordance', '2 April', 'proposal', 'Chairman', 'cash', 'way', 'price', 'day', 'publication', 'period', '1 January', '31 March', 'costs', 'transfer', 'tax', 'purchase', 'case', '11.', '9.00', '7.']",2023-03-22,2023-03-23,finance.yahoo.com
21052,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/annual-general-meeting-sandvik-aktiebolag-093300147.html,Annual General Meeting of Sandvik Aktiebolag,The shareholders in Sandvik Aktiebolag are convened to the Annual General Meeting to be held on Thursday  April 27  2023 at 4:00 p.m. at the Göransson Arena ...,"STOCKHOLM  March 22  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- The shareholders in Sandvik Aktiebolag are convened to the Annual General Meeting to be held on Thursday  April 27  2023 at 4:00 p.m. at the Göransson Arena  Sätragatan 21  Sandviken  Sweden.Registration will begin at 2:30 p.m. The award of the Wilhelm Haglund medal and the Sandvik Sustainability Award in Memory of Sigrid Göransson will take place at approx. 3:30 p.m. Coffee and tea will be served.RIGHT TO PARTICIPATE AND NoticeThere are two ways for shareholders to participate in the Meeting: (i) attending the Meeting in person or by proxy  or (ii) participating by postal voting. In either case  if the shares are registered in the name of a nominee  they must be temporarily re-registered in the name of the shareholder (as further described below).Participation in person or by proxyShareholders who wish to attend the Meeting in person or by proxy must:be recorded as shareholder in the share register maintained by Euroclear Sweden AB on Wednesday  April 19  2023  andgive notice of their intention to participate in the Meeting  not later than Friday  April 21  2023  according to the instructions below.Notice of participation in the Meeting shall be made on the Company's website home.sandvik   by telephone +46 (0)26-26 09 40 weekdays 9:00 a.m.–4:00 p.m. or by letter to Computershare AB  ""Sandvik's AGM""  Box 5267  SE-102 46 Stockholm  Sweden. When giving notice of participation  please state name  personal or corporate registration number  address and telephone number and the number of assistants (maximum two)  if any.If participation in the Meeting is by proxy  a written and dated proxy signed by the shareholder must be submitted to the address stated above in advance of the Meeting. Proxy forms are available on the Company's website. A proxy issued by a legal entity must be accompanied by a registration certificate or other authorization document. To facilitate registration at the Meeting  the proxy as well as the registration certificate or other authorization document should be received by the Company at the above address not later than Friday  April 21  2023.Story continuesPostal votingThe Board of Directors has decided that shareholders should be able to exercise their voting rights by postal voting. Shareholders who wish to participate in the Meeting by postal voting must:be recorded as shareholder in the share register maintained by Euroclear Sweden AB on Wednesday  April 19  2023  andgive notice of their intention to participate in the Meeting by submitting their postal votes  not later than Friday  April 21  2023  according to the instructions below.A special form must be used for the postal vote. The form for postal voting is available on the Company's website home.sandvik. The completed and signed form for postal voting shall be sent by e-mail to info@computershare.se or by post to Computershare AB  ""Sandvik's AGM""  Box 5267  SE-102 46 Stockholm  Sweden. Completed forms must be received by Computershare not later than Friday  April 21  2023. Shareholders may also cast their votes electronically through verification with BankID via the Company's website home.sandvik. Such electronic votes must also be submitted not later than Friday  April 21  2023.The shareholders may not provide special instructions or conditions to the postal vote. If so  the entire postal vote is invalid. Further instructions and conditions can be found in the postal voting form.If a shareholder submits its postal vote through a representative  a written and dated proxy signed by the shareholder must be attached to the postal voting form. Proxy forms are available on the Company's website. A proxy issued by a legal entity must be accompanied by a registration certificate or other authorization document.Shareholders who wish to attend the Meeting in person or by proxy must give notice to the Company in accordance with the instructions under ""Participation in person or by proxy"" above. This means that a notice of participation by postal voting only is not enough for a shareholder who wants to attend the Meeting in person or by proxy.Shares registered in the name of a nomineeShareholders whose shares are registered in the name of a nominee must  to be entitled to participate in the Meeting (including via postal voting)  temporarily have re-registered the shares in their own name so that the shareholder is registered in the share register as of Wednesday  April 19  2023. Please note that this procedure also applies with respect to shares held on a bank's shareholder deposit account and certain investment savings accounts. Request for such voting rights registration shall be made to the nominee  in accordance with the nominee's routines  at such time in advance as decided by the nominee. Voting rights registration that has been made by the nominee not later than Friday  April 21  2023 will be taken into account in the preparation of the share register.AgendaOpening of the Meeting. Election of Chairman of the Meeting. Preparation and approval of the voting list. Election of one or two persons to verify the minutes. Approval of the agenda. Examination of whether the Meeting has been duly convened. Presentation of the Annual Report  Auditor's Report and the Group Accounts and Auditor's Report for the Group. Speech by the President and CEO. Resolution in respect of adoption of the Profit and Loss Account  Balance Sheet  Consolidated Profit and Loss Account and Consolidated Balance Sheet. Resolution in respect of discharge from liability of the Board members and the President for the period to which the accounts relate. Resolution in respect of allocation of the Company's result in accordance with the adopted Balance Sheet and resolution on record day. Determination of the number of Board members and Auditors. Determination of fees to the Board of Directors and Auditor. Election of Board members: Election of Chairman of the Board. Election of Auditor. Presentation and approval of the Board's remuneration report. Resolution on a long-term incentive program (LTI 2023). Authorization on acquisition of the Company's own shares. Closing of the Meeting.PROPOSALS FOR RESOLUTIONSItem 2 – Election of Chairman of the MeetingThe Nomination Committee consists of its Chairman Fredrik Lundberg (AB Industrivärden)  Anna Magnusson (Alecta)  Marianne Nilsson (Swedbank Robur Funds)  Lars Pettersson (Lundbergs) and Johan Molin (Sandvik's Chairman of the Board).The Nomination Committee proposes attorney Patrik Marcelius as Chairman of the Meeting or  in the event he is prevented from participating  the person appointed by the Nomination Committee.Item 3 – Preparation and approval of the voting listThe voting list proposed for approval is the voting list drawn up by Computershare on behalf of the Company  based on the Annual General Meeting's share register  shareholders having given notice of participation and being present at the meeting venue  and postal votes received.Item 11 – Dividend and record dayThe Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting resolve on a dividend of SEK 5.00 per share. Tuesday  May 2  2023 is proposed as the record day. If the Meeting approves these proposals  it is estimated that the dividend be paid by Euroclear Sweden AB on Friday  May 5  2023.Item 12 – Determination of the number of Board members and AuditorsThe Nomination Committee proposes eight Board members and one registered public accounting firm as Auditor.Item 13 – Determination of fees to the Board of Directors and AuditorThe Nomination Committee proposes fees to the Board of Directors as follows:Chairman of the Board of Directors: SEK 2 875 000 (2 750 000)Other Board members not employed by the Company: SEK 770 000 (740 000) eachChairman of the Audit Committee: SEK 338 000 (325 000)Other members of the Audit Committee: SEK 192 000 (185 000) eachChairman of the Remuneration Committee: SEK 161 000 (155 000)Other members of the Remuneration Committee: SEK 127 000 (122 000) eachChairman of the Acquisitions and Divestitures Committee: SEK 218 000 (210 000)Other members of the Acquisitions and Divestitures Committee: SEK 161 000 (155 000) eachFees to the Auditor shall be paid in accordance with approved invoices.Item 14 – Election of Board membersThe Nomination Committee proposes the election of the following persons as Board members:Item 15 – Election of Chairman of the BoardThe Nomination Committee proposes re-election of Johan Molin as Chairman of the Board of Directors.Item 16 – Election of AuditorThe Nomination Committee proposes  pursuant to the recommendation of the Audit Committee  re-election of PricewaterhouseCoopers AB as Auditor for the period until the end of the 2024 Annual General Meeting.Item 18 – Resolution on a long-term incentive program (LTI 2023)BackgroundSince 2014 Sandvik's Annual General Meeting has annually resolved on long-term incentive programs for senior executives and key employees  in the form of performance share programs requiring investment by all participants. The Board of Directors considers that these programs fulfill their purpose of aligning the interests of the participants and the shareholders  strengthening the Sandvik Group's ability to attract  retain and motivate qualified employees and strengthening Sandvik's focus and objective to meet its long-term business goals. Accordingly  the Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting resolve on a long-term incentive program for senior executives and key employees for 2023 (""LTI 2023"") on the below terms and conditions.GeneralLTI 2023 encompasses approximately 350 senior executives and key contributors in the Sandvik Group. The maximum number of Sandvik shares that can be allocated pursuant to LTI 2023 is 2.0 million shares  which corresponds to approximately 0.16 percent of the number of outstanding shares in Sandvik.To participate in LTI 2023 the employee is required to invest in Sandvik shares at market price no later than June 30  2023 (""Investment Shares""). If the employee is not able to invest before this date due to being entered in an insider list (logbook) kept by Sandvik  the Board of Directors shall be entitled to postpone the date of investment for such employee. The employee may within the scope of LTI 2023 invest up to an amount corresponding to 10 percent of the employee's fixed annual salary before tax at the time of the investment.Provided such acquisition of Investment Shares is made  participants of LTI 2023 will be entitled to allotment of Sandvik shares  free of charge  after a period of three years on the terms and conditions set forth below.Performance SharesEach acquired Investment Share entitles participants to be allotted Sandvik shares provided certain performance targets are met (""Performance Shares""). The maximum number of Performance Shares that may be allotted for each acquired Investment Share depends on the Participant's program category as follows:8 for the President 7 for each additional member of the Group Executive Management (currently 9 persons) 6 for each senior manager (approximately 60 persons)  and5 for each key contributor (approximately 280 persons).Each member of the Group Executive Management shall nominate the persons that are to be offered participation in LTI 2023 and that are to be classified as senior manager and key contributor  respectively  based on position  qualification  and individual performance. All nominations are to be approved by the President and CEO.The number of Performance Shares that will finally be allotted to the participant for each acquired Investment Share is dependent on the development of the Sandvik Group adjusted Earnings Per Share (""EPS"")  excluding amortizations and other accounting effects arising from business combinations  during the financial year 2023 (""EPS 2023"")  compared to adjusted EPS  excluding amortizations and other accounting effects arising from business combinations  for the financial year 2022 (""EPS 2022""). The Board of Directors establishes the levels regarding adjusted EPS that must be attained for allotment of a certain number of Performance Shares. Allotment will take place as follows:One Performance Share will be allotted for each acquired Investment Share if EPS 2023 exceeds EPS 2022.For any remaining Performance Shares to be allotted EPS 2023 growth must exceed 5 percent in relation to EPS 2022. The EPS growth required for the maximum number of Performance Shares to be allotted for each acquired Investment Share is established by the Board of Directors.The level required for maximum allotment and the extent to which the established levels are attained will be disclosed in the 2023 Annual Report.Prerequisites for allotmentThe allotment of Performance Shares requires continuous employment and that all Investment Shares be held during a period of three years from the acquisition of the Investment Shares (""Vesting Period""). The Chairman of the Board of Directors may in special cases grant exemptions from these requirements for individual participants  whereas the Board of Directors may decide on any such exemption concerning groups of participants. If the prerequisites for allotment set forth for LTI 2023 are met  allotment of Performance Shares will take place during 2026  and no later than June 30  2026. The allotment will take place free of charge  subject to tax.Adjustment of the number of Performance Shares etc.Before the allotment of Performance Shares takes place  the Board of Directors shall consider whether the number of Performance Shares is reasonable taking into account the financial results and position of Sandvik  the impact of larger acquisitions  divestments and other significant capital transactions  stock market conditions and other circumstances. If the Board of Directors deems that this is not the case  the Board of Directors shall reduce the number of Performance Shares to the lower number the Board of Directors finds appropriate or decide that no allotment should take place.In the event of a bonus issue  split  rights issue and/or other similar events in Sandvik  the Board of Directors shall be entitled to decide on the recalculation of the terms of LTI 2023.An alternative cash-based incentive solution may be implemented for participants incountries where the acquisition of Investment Shares or allotment of Performance Shares is not appropriate  or if such solution is otherwise considered appropriate. Such alternative incentive solution shall to the extent practically possible be designed to correspond to the terms of LTI 2023. The President and CEO shall be authorized to decide which persons that should be offered participation in the cash-based incentive solution.The Board of Directors  or a committee appointed by the Board of Directors for this purpose  shall be responsible for the detailed design and administration of LTI 2023 based on the main terms set forth herein.The right to be allotted Performance Shares cannot be transferred and does not give the participant a right to compensation for dividend distributed during the Vesting Period with respect to the underlying shares.Costs of LTI 2023 and hedging arrangementsThe number of Sandvik shares that will be needed for LTI 2023 will depend on the Sandvik share price at investment and the participation rate. To secure an adequate number of shares  given the increased market volatility  a Sandvik share price of SEK 165 has been used when calculating the maximum number of shares needed. Based on this share price the total cost of LTI 2023 is estimated at up to SEK 348 million. The costs have been calculated as the sum of personnel costs  including social security costs of SEK 58 million  and administration costs of approximately SEK 2 million for the program. Based on a share price of SEK 210 (which would result in fewer Sandvik shares being needed) the total cost is estimated at up to SEK 357 million  of which SEK 59 million constitutes social security cost and approximately SEK 2 million constitutes administration costs. The costs for LTI 2023 will be allocated over the years 2023–2025.Sandvik intends to secure its commitment to deliver Sandvik shares under LTI 2023 through a share swap agreement with a third party. The interest cost for such a share swap is estimated at approximately SEK 1.45 million per year based on the current interest levels  regardless of whether the calculation is based on a share price of SEK 165 or SEK 210. Against this cost  however  stands the value of possible dividends.Preparation of the proposalThe proposal has been prepared by the Board's Remuneration Committee and has been discussed and resolved on by the Board of Directors. The President has not taken part in the Board of Directors' discussion and resolution with respect to the proposal.Majority requirementThe resolution regarding LTI 2023 requires a majority of more than half of the votes cast at the Meeting.OtherFor a description of other long-term incentive programs within Sandvik reference is made to note G4 in Sandvik's 2022 Annual Report and to the Company's website.Item 19 – Authorization of the Board of Directors to resolve on acquisition of the Company's own sharesThe Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting authorizes the Board of Directors to  for the period until the 2024 Annual General Meeting  resolve on acquisitions of the Company's own shares in accordance with the following conditions.Acquisitions shall take place on Nasdaq Stockholm.Acquisitions may only be made at a price per share within the price range (spread) applicable from time to time  meaning the spread between the highest purchase price and the lowest selling price prevailing and disseminated by Nasdaq Stockholm from time to time.The Company may acquire a maximum number of shares so that the Company's holding at any time does not exceed 10 per cent of the total number of shares in the Company.The authorization may be utilized on one or several occasions up to the 2024 Annual General Meeting.The purpose of the authorization is to enable the Board of Directors to continuously adapt the Company's capital structure and thereby contribute to increased shareholder value.In order for the resolution on authorization to be valid  it must be supported by shareholders representing at least two thirds of the votes cast as well as the shares represented at the Annual General Meeting.INFORMATION AT THE ANNUAL GENERAL MEETINGThe Board of Directors and the President shall  if any shareholder so requests and the Board of Directors believes that it can be done without material harm to the Company  provide information regarding circumstances that may affect the assessment of an item on the agenda  and circumstances that can affect the assessment of the Company's or its subsidiaries' financial situation  or the Company's relation to other group companies.DOCUMENTATIONThe Nomination Committee's proposals under items 2 and 12–16 and the Board of Directors' proposals under items 11 and 18–19 are included in their entirety in this notice. The Nomination Committee's statement and the presentation of the proposed Board members are available on the Company's website home.sandvik. Accounting documents  the Board of Directors' remuneration report  the Auditor's Report and the Auditor's statement regarding the application of the guidelines for remuneration  as well as the Board of Directors' statement pursuant to Chapter 19  Section 22 of the Swedish Companies Act are available at Sandvik AB  Kungsbron 1  section G  floor 6  Stockholm  Sweden  as well as on the Company's website. Copies of the documents will be sent without charge to those shareholders who so request and provide their address to the Company.SHARES AND VOTESThe total number of shares and votes in the Company is 1 254 385 923.PROCESSING OF PERSONAL DATASandvik Aktiebolag  reg. no. 556000-3468  is the controller of the processing of personal data performed by the Company or its service providers in connection with the Meeting. For information on how your personal data is processed  please see https://www.euroclear.com/dam/ESwithLegal/Privacy-notice-bolagsstammor-engelska.pdf.Stockholm  March 2023SANDVIK AKTIEBOLAG (PUBL)The Board of DirectorsThe following files are available for download:https://mb.cision.com/Main/208/3738454/1933138.pdf Annual General Meeting of Sandvik AktiebolagCisionView original content:https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/annual-general-meeting-of-sandvik-aktiebolag-301778396.htmlSOURCE Sandvik",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.29,0.14,0.57,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'Sandvik Aktiebolag', 'Göransson Arena', 'Wilhelm Haglund medal', 'Sigrid Göransson', 'other authorization document', 'investment savings accounts', 'Such electronic votes', 'entire postal vote', 'Euroclear Sweden AB', 'Annual General Meeting', 'corporate registration number', 'voting rights registration', 'Sandvik Sustainability Award', 'postal voting form', 'shareholder deposit account', 'voting list', 'postal votes', 'registration certificate', 'Sätragatan', 'two ways', 'share register', 'Computershare AB', 'legal entity', 'The Board', 'special form', 'Completed forms', 'Sandvik Aktiebolag', 'telephone number', 'special instructions', 'Further instructions', 'Proxy forms', 'state name', 'dated proxy', 'March', 'PRNewswire', 'shareholders', 'Thursday', 'April', 'Sandviken', 'Memory', 'place', 'Coffee', 'tea', 'PARTICIPATE', 'Notice', 'person', 'case', 'shares', 'nominee', 'Participation', 'Wednesday', 'intention', 'Friday', 'Company', 'website', 'weekdays', 'letter', 'AGM', 'Box', 'Stockholm', 'address', 'assistants', 'written', 'advance', 'Story', 'Directors', 'mail', 'info', 'verification', 'BankID', 'conditions', 'representative', 'accordance', 'procedure', 'respect', 'Request', 'routines', 'time', 'preparation', 'Agenda', 'Opening', 'Election', 'Chairman', 'approval', '4:00', '2:30', '3:30', '9:00']",2023-03-22,2023-03-23,finance.yahoo.com
21053,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/VITROLIFE-AB-PUBL-43390914/news/Vitrolife-Appendix-A1-to-item-19-Proposal-for-LTIP-2023-43313414/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230322,Vitrolife : Appendix A1 to item 19 Proposal for LTIP 2023,"(marketscreener.com)    APPENDIX A1   Terms and Conditions for Warrants 2023/2026   1. Definitions   In these terms and conditions  the following terms shall have the following meanings.      ""business day"" ...https://www.marketscreener.com…","Vitrolife : Appendix A1 to item 19 Proposal for LTIP 2023 03/22/2023 | 01:47pm EDT Send by mail :Name : First name : From * : To * : (You can enter multiple email addresses separated by commas) Message : * Required fields APPENDIX A1 Terms and Conditions for Warrants 2023/2026 1. Definitions In these terms and conditions  the following terms shall have the following meanings. ""business day"" ""Bank"" A day other than a Sunday or other public holiday in Sweden or as regards payment of debt is not equated with a public holiday; The account operator which the Company  from time to time  appoints to act as the Bank in accordance with these terms and conditions; ""Company"" ""Euroclear"" Vitrolife AB (publ) corporate registration number 556354-3452; Euroclear Sweden AB or other central securities depository pursuant to the Swedish Central Securities Depositories and Financial Instruments (Accounts) Act (SFS 1998:1479); ""holder"" ""LTIP 2023"" ""market quotation"" Any holder of warrants; The long-term incentive program resolved upon by the annual general meeting held on 27 April 2023; Trading on a regulated market or other organized marketplace; ""subscription"" Such subscription of new shares in the Company through the exercise of a warrant in accordance with Chapter 14 of the Swedish Companies Act (2005:551); ""warrant"" The right to subscribe for a share in the Company with payment in cash in accordance with these terms and conditions. 2. Warrants The number of warrants amounts to not more than 229 500. The Company shall issue warrant certificates payable to a certain person or order  representing a warrant or multiples thereof. At request of the holder of warrants  the Company carries out replacement and exchange of warrant certificates. The board of directors of the Company shall have the right to decide that the warrants shall be registered by Euroclear in a securities depository register in accordance with the Swedish Financial Instruments Accounts Act (1998:1479). In the event such a decision is not taken  paragraphs four to seven below shall not apply. In the event such a decision is taken  paragraph four to six below shall apply instead of what is stated in the second paragraph above. The holder of warrants shall  following that decision in accordance with the previous paragraph has been taken  on the Company's notification be obliged immediately to the Company or Euroclear submit all warrant certificates representing the warrants and notify the Company of the necessary information regarding the securities account in which the warrants of the holder shall be registered in accordance with the below. The warrants shall be registered by Euroclear in a securities depository register in accordance with the Swedish Central Securities Depositories and Financial Instruments (Accounts) Act (SFS 1998:1479) and  as a consequence  no physical securities shall be issued. The warrants are registered on behalf of the holder at an account in the Company's securities depository register. Registration of the warrants as a consequence of measures according to section 5  6  7 and 11 below shall be made by the Bank. Other registration measures with respect to the account shall be made by the Bank or other account operator. In the event that the board of directors has taken such a decision stated in the third paragraph above  the board shall thereafter be free to  with the restrictions that may follow by law or any other regulation  decide that the warrants should no longer be registered with Euroclear in a securities depository register in accordance with the Swedish Central Securities Depositories and Financial Instruments (Accounts) Act (SFS 1998:1479). In the event such latter decision is taken  the second paragraph above shall apply instead of what is stated in the fourth to sixth paragraphs above. 3. The Right to Subscribe for New Shares The holder shall for each warrant have the right to subscribe for one (1) new share in the Company. The exercise price shall be at a price of SEK 0.204 per share  corresponding to the quota value of the shares. Recalculation of the exercise price as well as the number of new shares  which each warrant entitles to subscription for  can be made in the cases set forth in section 7 below. However  if such recalculation results in that the exercise price will be below the par value of the share of the Company  the exercise price shall continue to correspond to the par value. Subscription can only be made for the entire number of shares  to which the aggregate number of warrants  that each holder wishes to exercise at the same time  entitles. At such subscription  any excess part of the warrant should be disregarded  which thus cannot be utilized. Such excess amount of the warrant matures thereby without compensation. 4. Application for Subscription and Payment Application for subscription of shares can occur during the period from 4 May 2023  or the later date on which the warrants are registered  up to and including 16 June 2026 or from and including and up to and including such earlier day as set forth in section 7 below. If application for subscription under the in the previous sentence specified time is not made  any rights under the warrants are invalid. Upon such application  a written and completed application form  in accordance with a pre- established form  shall be filed with the Company or other party designated by the Company. Where appropriate  the holder shall simultaneously submit to the Company the warrant certificates representing the number of warrants that the application for subscription concerns. The application for subscription is binding and cannot be revoked by the subscriber. At the application of subscription  payment in cash shall immediately be made for the number of shares to which the application for subscription refers. Payment shall be made to the account designated by the Company. 5. Registrations in the Share Register etc. During the time the Company is not registered by Euroclear Following the allocation  the subscription is effected by the Company's registration of the new shares in the Company's share register as interim shares. When the Swedish Companies Registration Office has registered the new shares  the Company's registration of the new shares in the Company's share register becomes final. As set out in section 7 below  such final registration may under certain circumstances be delayed. During the time the Company is registered by Euroclear Following the allocation  the subscription is effected by registration of the new shares in the VP-account as interim shares. When the Swedish Companies Registration Office has registered the new shares  the registration of the new shares at the VP-account becomes final. As set out in section 7 below  such final registration may under certain circumstances be delayed. 6. Dividend on New Shares During the time the Company is not registered by Euroclear Shares issued as a consequence of subscription shall be entitled to such dividend which is resolved after the execution of the subscription. During the time the Company is registered by Euroclear Shares issued as a consequence of subscription shall be entitled to dividend for the first time on the record day for dividend occurring immediately after the execution of the subscription. 7. Re-Calculation of the exercise price etc. In the event the Company carries out a bonus issue - where application for subscription is made at such time that the subscription cannot be effected on or before the tenth calendar day prior to the shareholders' meeting regarding the bonus issue - such subscription shall be effected only after a resolution with respect to the bonus issue has been passed by the shareholders' meeting. Shares allotted as a consequence of a subscription effected after the resolution to carry out the issue are temporarily registered at the VP-account and do not entitle the holders to participate in the bonus issue. The final registration at the VP-account will occur first after the record day for the bonus issue.If the Company is not registered by Euroclear at the time of the general meeting's resolution on the issue  shares issued as a consequence of a subscription that is carried out at the time of the general meeting shall be entitled to participate in the issue.In connection with subscriptions effected after the resolution regarding the bonus issue  the exercise price as well as the number of shares to which each warrant entitles the holders to subscribe for shall be recalculated. The recalculations shall be carried out by the Company in accordance with the following formulas: recalculated the previous exercise price x the number of shares prior to the bonus issue exercise price = the number of shares following the bonus issue the recalculated the previous number of shares that each warrant number of shares entitles to subscription of x the number of shares prior that each warrant = to the bonus issue entitles to the number of shares following the bonus issue subscription for The exercise price as well as the number of shares  recalculated in accordance with the above  shall be determined by the Company as soon as possible following the resolution of the shareholders' meeting regarding the bonus issue but shall not be applied prior to the record day for the issue. In the event the Company carries out a reverse share split or a share split   subsection (a) above shall apply  whereby the record day shall be the day when the reverse share split or share split  respectively  is registered with Euroclear  upon the request of the Company. In the event the Company carries out a new issue of shares with payment in cash or by way of set off  with preferential rights for the shareholders  the following shall apply with respect to the right to participate in the share issue as regards shares allocated as a consequence of exercise of warrants: Should the board of directors resolve to issue shares subject to the approval of the shareholders' meeting  or in accordance with an authorization of the shareholders' meeting  the resolution to issue shares shall set forth the last date upon which the subscription shall be effected in order for the shares  allocated as a consequence of exercise of warrants  to entitle the holders to participate in the issue of new shares. Such date may not be earlier than the tenth calendar day following the resolution. Should the shareholders' meeting resolve to issue new shares  applications for subscription that is made at such time that it cannot be effected on or before the tenth calendar day prior to the shareholders' meeting regarding the issue of new shares shall be effected only after the Company has made the recalculation in accordance with this subsection (c) third last paragraph. Shares allotted in accordance with such subscription are temporarily registered at the VP-account and do not entitle the holders to participate in the issue. If the Company is not registered by Euroclear at the time of the general meeting's resolution on the issue  shares issued as a consequence of a subscription that is carried out at the time of the general meeting shall be entitled to participate in the issue. A recalculated exercise price  as well as a recalculated number of shares to which each warrant entitles to  is applied to subscriptions which are effected at such times that a right to participate in new issues of shares does not arise. The recalculations shall be carried out by the Company in accordance with the following formulas: the previous exercise price x the share's average transaction price during the subscription period set recalculated forth in the resolution regarding the issue (the average = price of the share) exercise price the average price of the shares increased by the theoretical value of the subscription right calculated on the basis thereof the previous number of shares which each warrant the recalculated entitles to subscription for x (the average price of the shares increased by the theoretical value of the number of shares = subscription right calculated on the basis thereof) that each warrant entitles to the average price of the share subscription for The average price of the share shall be deemed to be equivalent to the average of the highest and lowest transaction price for the share according to the market quotation for each trading day during the subscription period. In the event that no transaction price is quoted  the bid price that is quoted as the closing price shall instead form the basis of the calculation. Days for which there are neither a Attachments Original LinkOriginal DocumentPermalink Disclaimer Vitrolife AB published this content on 22 March 2023 and is solely responsible for the information contained therein. Distributed by Public  unedited and unaltered  on 22 March 2023 17:46:06 UTC.© Publicnow 2023 All news about VITROLIFE AB (PUBL) 03:53a Vitrolife : Item 18 Remuneration report 2022 PU 03/22 Vitrolife : Notice Annual General Meeting Vitrolife AB 2023 PU 03/22 Vitrolife : Item 9b Proposal for dividend 2023 PU 03/22 Vitrolife : Item 14 Proposal on amendment of AoA 2023 PU 03/22 Vitrolife : Item 15 Proposal for election committee 2023_2024 PU 03/22 Vitrolife : Item 16 Proposal authorization for Board to issue shares 2023 PU 03/22 Vitrolife : Proposal board members Vitrolife AB 2023 PU 03/22 Vitrolife : Reasoned statement of the Election Committee 2023 PU 03/22 Vitrolife : Report by the Board to the Remuneration Committee's evaluation of remuneration.. PU 03/22 Vitrolife : Appendix A1 to item 19 Proposal for LTIP 2023 PU",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.16,0.84,True,English,"['Vitrolife', 'Appendix', 'item', '19 Proposal', 'LTIP', 'Swedish Central Securities Depositories', 'Swedish Financial Instruments Accounts Act', 'fourth to sixth paragraphs', 'other central securities depository', 'publ) corporate registration number', 'Swedish Companies Act', 'securities depository register', 'multiple email addresses', 'long-term incentive program', 'annual general meeting', 'other organized marketplace', 'other public holiday', 'Such excess amount', 'Other registration measures', 'other account operator', 'one (1) new share', 'APPENDIX A1 Terms', 'Euroclear Sweden AB', 'Accounts) Act', 'physical securities', 'securities account', 'other regulation', 'excess part', 'Required fields', 'following meanings', 'Vitrolife AB', 'market quotation', 'regulated market', 'necessary information', 'entire number', 'aggregate number', 'later date', 'second paragraph', 'previous paragraph', 'third paragraph', 'new shares', 'business day', 'par value', 'earlier day', 'Such subscription', 'following terms', 'exercise price', 'First name', 'warrant certificates', 'same time', 'latter decision', 'The Company', 'Payment Application', 'item', 'Proposal', 'commas', 'Message', 'Conditions', 'Warrants', 'Definitions', 'Bank', 'Sunday', 'debt', 'accordance', 'SFS', 'holder', 'LTIP 2023', '27 April', 'Chapter', 'right', 'cash', 'person', 'order', 'multiples', 'request', 'replacement', 'exchange', 'board', 'directors', 'event', 'notification', 'consequence', 'behalf', 'section', 'respect', 'restrictions', 'law', 'SEK', 'Recalculation', 'cases', 'compensation', 'period', '4 May', '16 June']",2023-03-22,2023-03-23,marketscreener.com
21054,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/VITROLIFE-AB-PUBL-120796157/news/Notice-to-attend-the-Annual-General-Meeting-of-Vitrolife-AB-publ-43313399/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230322,Notice to attend the Annual General Meeting of Vitrolife AB (publ),(marketscreener.com) GOTHENBURG  Sweden  March 22  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- The shareholders of Vitrolife AB are hereby invited to attend the Annual General Meeting of shareholders on Thursday 27 April 2023 at 4.00 pm at the Elite Park Avenue Hotel  Kungsportsa…,GOTHENBURG  Sweden  March 22  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- The shareholders of Vitrolife AB (publ) are hereby invited to attend the Annual General Meeting of shareholders on Thursday 27 April 2023 at 4.00 pm at the Elite Park Avenue Hotel  Kungsportsavenyn 36-38 in Gothenburg  Sweden. Notice of attendance at the Annual General Meeting shall be given no later than Friday 21 April 2023.Shareholders who wish to attend the Annual General Meeting must:-be recorded in the share register prepared by Euroclear Sweden AB relating to the circumstances on Wednesday 19 April 2023; and-notify their attendance in accordance with the instructions in the Notice by Friday 21 April 2023.Shareholders who have had their shares registered with a nominee through a bank or other nominee must temporarily register the shares in their own name in the share register kept by Euroclear Sweden AB in order to participate in the meeting.The following proposals will be amongst those presented at the Annual General Meeting:The Board of Directors proposes a dividend of SEK 0.85 per share and Tuesday 2 May 2023 as the record day for the dividend.The Election Committee proposes that the Board shall consist of six members. The Election Committee proposes re-election of the Board members Lars Holmqvist   Pia Marions   Henrik Blomquist   Karen Lykke Sørensen  Vesa Koskinen and Jón Sigurdsson. It is proposed that Henrik Blomquist is the Chairman of the Board. Remuneration to the Board members is proposed to be in total SEK 3 600 000 of which SEK 1 200 000 to the Chairman of the Board  SEK 400 000 to each of the other members of the Board  SEK 100 000 to the Chairman of the Audit Committee  SEK 100 000 to the Chairman of the Remuneration Committee and SEK 50 000 to each of the other members of these committees. The proposal means no increase in the Board fees compared to the previous year. The Election Committee proposes re-election of the auditor for a mandate period of one year with unchanged remuneration principles.Resolution on an amendment of the Articles of Association in order to facilitate postal voting.Authorization for the Board to resolve to issue new shares up until the next Annual General Meeting.Authorization for the Board to resolve on acquisition of the company's own shares up until the next Annual General Meeting.Attachment: Full noticeGothenburg 22 March 2023VITROLIFE AB (publ)The Board of DirectorsCONTACT:Contact:Jón Sigurdsson  Chairman of the Board  email: jsigurdsson@ossur.comPatrik Tolf  CFO  phone +46 31 766 90 21  email: ptolf@vitrolife.comThis is a translation of the Swedish version of the press release. When in doubt  the Swedish wording prevails.The following files are available for download:https://mb.cision.com/Main/1031/3738571/1934879.pdf Notice to Vitrolife AB AGM 2023View original content: https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/notice-to-attend-the-annual-general-meeting-of-vitrolife-ab-publ-301778939.htmlSOURCE Vitrolife AB (publ),neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.42,0.14,0.44,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'Vitrolife AB', 'Notice', 'Elite Park Avenue Hotel', 'Karen Lykke Sørensen', 'next Annual General Meeting', 'Jón Sigurdsson', 'unchanged remuneration principles', 'Vitrolife AB AGM', 'SOURCE Vitrolife AB', 'Euroclear Sweden AB', 'The Election Committee', 'Audit Committee', 'Remuneration Committee', 'The Board', 'Thursday 27 April', 'Friday 21 April', 'Wednesday 19 April', 'following proposals', 'record day', 'six members', 'Lars Holmqvist', 'Pia Marions', 'Henrik Blomquist', 'Vesa Koskinen', 'other members', 'previous year', 'mandate period', 'one year', 'postal voting', 'Patrik Tolf', 'Swedish version', 'press release', 'Swedish wording', 'following files', 'original content', 'share register', 'other nominee', 'Board members', 'Board fees', 'new shares', 'Full notice', 'GOTHENBURG', 'March', 'shareholders', 'Kungsportsavenyn', 'attendance', 'circumstances', 'accordance', 'instructions', 'bank', 'name', 'order', 'Directors', 'SEK', 'Tuesday', 'May', 'Chairman', 'total', 'committees', 'increase', 'auditor', 'Resolution', 'amendment', 'Articles', 'Association', 'Authorization', 'acquisition', 'company', 'Attachment', 'CONTACT', 'email', 'jsigurdsson', 'CFO', 'phone', 'translation', 'doubt', 'download', 'cision', 'Main', 'annual-general-meeting', 'publ', '4.00']",2023-03-22,2023-03-23,marketscreener.com
21055,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/VITROLIFE-AB-PUBL-43390914/news/Vitrolife-Item-15-Proposal-for-election-committee-2023_2024-43313420/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230322,Vitrolife : Item 15 Proposal for election committee 2023_2024,(marketscreener.com)   The Election Committee's proposal to the Annual General Meeting of Vitrolife AB to be held on April 27  2023 concerning the establishment of an Election Committee for the 2024 Annual General Meeting    The Election Committee propos…,This is a translation of the Swedish version . When in doubt  the Swedish wording prevails.The composition of the Election Committee shall be made public no later than six months before the Company's Annual General Meeting. The Election Committee shall carry out the tasks stipulated in the Swedish Corporate Governance Code and shall submit a proposal for the process of appointing a new Election Committee.The Chairman of the Board shall convene the first meeting of the Election Committee. For the work ahead  one of the members of the Election Committee shall be elected Chairman. This person should not be the Chairman of the Board.The Chairman of the Board shall be part of the Election Committee.The Chairman of the Board shall - no later than the end of the third quarter of 2023 - contact the three largest shareholders or groups of shareholders in terms of the number of votes they hold based on owner statistics from Euroclear Sweden AB as of the last banking day in August before the AGM and ask them to appoint one member each for inclusion on the Election Committee. When applying these principles  a group of shareholders shall be regarded as one owner if they are grouped as one owner in the Euroclear system or have made public and at the same time informed the Company via the Chairman of the Board that they have come to an agreement to coordinate the exercise of their voting rights  thus maintaining a commonThe Election Committee proposes that the Annual General Meeting adopts a resolution that a new Election Committee for the 2024 Annual General Meeting be appointed as follows:The Election Committee's proposal to the Annual General Meeting of Vitrolife AB (publ) to be held on April 27  2023 concerning the establishment of an Election Committee for the 2024 Annual General Meeting (agenda item 15)specially appointed Election Committee for the appointment of an auditor (pursuant to section 2.1 below). If such an appointment is made  this shall also be made public in accordance with what is stated above in this section.All shareholders shall thus be acquainted with which persons can becontacted in connection with nomination issues.1.5 If any of the shareholders who have appointed a member of the Election Committee sells a considerable proportion of their shares in the Company before the tasks of the Election Committee have been completed  the member that the shareholder has appointed shall  if the Election Committee so decides  resign and be replaced by a new member who is appointed by the shareholder who at the time is the largest registered or otherwise known shareholder not already represented on the Election Committee. If any of the members of the Election Committee should cease to represent the shareholder that had appointed the member before the tasks of the Election Committee have been completed  this member shall  if the Election Committee so decides  be replaced by a new member appointed by the shareholder. Otherwise  if share ownership changes significantly before the tasks of the Election Committee have been completed  the composition of the Election Committee shall be changed in accordance with the principles stated above  if the Election Committee so decides.2 Tasks of the Election Committee2.1 The Election Committee shall prepare and submit proposals to the General Meeting of shareholders:Election of Chairman of the meeting.Resolution on the number of members of the Board.Election of and resolution on fees to the Chairman of the Board and members of the Company Board.Election of and resolution on fees to the auditor and deputy auditor (where applicable).Election of and resolution on fees to members of any other committee that the General Meeting of shareholders may resolve to appoint.Process for appointment of new Election Committee and changes in the instruction for the Election Committee.2.2 The Election Committee's proposals shall be submitted to the Company via the Chairman of the Board no later than six weeks before General Meetings of shareholders where election of the Board or auditor shall take place. Proposals shall wherever possible include all the information necessary so that the Company can thus meet its information commitments pursuant to the Swedish Companies Act  the rules and regulations of the Stock Exchange  generally accepted practice for companies listed on the Stock Exchange and other applicable rules/recommendations.,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.28,0.71,True,English,"['election committee', 'Vitrolife', 'Item', 'Proposal', 'Swedish Corporate Governance Code', 'last banking day', 'other applicable rules/recommendations', 'Annual General Meeting', 'Euroclear Sweden AB', 'Swedish Companies Act', 'The Election Committee', 'new Election Committee', 'three largest shareholders', 'other committee', 'Swedish version', 'Swedish wording', 'General Meetings', 'Euroclear system', 'Vitrolife AB', 'largest registered', 'first meeting', 'new member', 'third quarter', 'owner statistics', 'one owner', 'voting rights', 'nomination issues', 'considerable proportion', 'share ownership', 'Stock Exchange', 'same time', 'information commitments', 'one member', 'deputy auditor', 'Company Board', 'translation', 'doubt', 'composition', 'tasks', 'proposal', 'process', 'Chairman', 'work', 'members', 'person', 'part', 'groups', 'terms', 'number', 'votes', 'August', 'AGM', 'inclusion', 'principles', 'agreement', 'exercise', 'common', 'resolution', 'April', 'establishment', 'agenda', 'item', 'appointment', 'section', 'accordance', 'connection', 'shares', 'fees', 'changes', 'instruction', 'place', 'regulations', 'practice']",2023-03-22,2023-03-23,marketscreener.com
21056,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/VITROLIFE-AB-PUBL-43390914/news/Vitrolife-Item-16-Proposal-authorization-for-Board-to-issue-shares-2023-43313419/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230322,Vitrolife : Item 16 Proposal authorization for Board to issue shares 2023,(marketscreener.com)   The Board's proposal to the Annual General Meeting of Vitrolife AB on April 27  2023 concerning authorization of the Board to make a decision on a new share issue    The Board proposes that the Annual General Meeting authorizes the…,The Board's proposal to the Annual General Meeting of Vitrolife AB (publ) on April 27  2023 concerning authorization of the Board to make a decision on a new share issue (agenda item 16)The Board proposes that the Annual General Meeting authorizes the Board  for a period of time up until the next Annual General Meeting and on one or more occasions  to resolve to issue new shares  thus increasing the Company's share capital by no more than SEK 2 763 123  corresponds to no more than 13 544 719 shares. The issue may deviate from the shareholders' preferential rights and may be carried out through a cash payment  a non-cash issue  through offsetting or in accordance with chapter 2  section 5  items 1-3 and 5 of the Swedish Companies Act.The issue price shall be set as close to the market value of the Company's share as possible. The Board shall be entitled to decide on the other terms and conditions for new share issues in accordance with this authorization and who shall be entitled to subscribe for the new shares. The reason for the Board being able to make a decision on a new share issue deviating from shareholders' preferential rights and/or against cash payment  via non-cash issue  through an offset or otherwise on terms specified above is that the Company shall be able to issue shares in connection with the acquisition of companies or businesses and be able to carry out private placements with a view to procuring capital for the Company.Furthermore  the Board proposes that the Board or a person appointed by the Board shall be authorized by the Annual General Meeting to make any small changes to the resolution of the Annual General Meeting that may prove necessary when registering at the Swedish Companies Registration Office and at Euroclear Sweden AB.If the authorization is fully utilized  this will correspond to dilution of just under 10 percent of the shares and votes in the Company.The resolution in line with the Board's proposal is only valid if at least two thirds of both the votes cast and the votes represented at the Annual General Meeting have been given in favour of the proposal.March 2023GothenburgVitrolife AB (publ)The Board of Directors,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.02,0.95,0.04,True,English,"['Proposal authorization', 'Vitrolife', 'Item', 'Board', 'shares', 'Swedish Companies Registration Office', 'next Annual General Meeting', 'Swedish Companies Act', ""shareholders' preferential rights"", 'Euroclear Sweden AB', 'new share issues', 'Vitrolife AB', 'cash issue', 'issue price', 'agenda item', 'new shares', 'cash payment', 'market value', 'private placements', 'small changes', 'two thirds', 'share capital', 'other terms', 'The Board', '13,544,719 shares', 'proposal', 'April', 'authorization', 'decision', 'period', 'time', 'one', 'occasions', 'Company', 'SEK', 'offsetting', 'accordance', 'chapter', 'section', 'items', 'conditions', 'reason', 'connection', 'acquisition', 'businesses', 'view', 'person', 'resolution', 'dilution', '10 percent', 'votes', 'line', 'favour', 'March', 'Gothenburg', 'Directors']",2023-03-22,2023-03-23,marketscreener.com
21057,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/VITROLIFE-AB-PUBL-43390914/news/Vitrolife-Notice-Annual-General-Meeting-Vitrolife-AB-2023-43313423/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230322,Vitrolife : Notice Annual General Meeting Vitrolife AB 2023,(marketscreener.com)   Notice to attend the Annual General Meeting of   VITROLIFE AB    The shareholders of Vitrolife AB   corporate identity number 556354-3452 are hereby invited to attend the Annual General Meeting of shareholders on Thursday 27 Apr…,"Vitrolife : Notice Annual General Meeting Vitrolife AB 2023 03/22/2023 | 01:47pm EDT Send by mail :Name : First name : From * : To * : (You can enter multiple email addresses separated by commas) Message : * Required fields Notice to attend the Annual General Meeting of VITROLIFE AB (publ) The shareholders of Vitrolife AB (publ)  corporate identity number 556354-3452 ('the Company') are hereby invited to attend the Annual General Meeting of shareholders on Thursday 27 April 2023 at 4.00 pm at the Elite Park Avenue Hotel  Kungsportsavenyn 36-38 in Gothenburg  Sweden. The entrance opens at 3.30 pm. Four weeks before the Annual General Meeting  Vitrolife AB (publ) will publish the Annual and sustainability report 2022. In order to safeguard the environment  the annual reports will no longer be printed or distributed as paper copies. The report will be available to download on the  website www.vitrolifegroup.com where all financial reports and press releases are available. We appreciate your understanding in this regard. If you have any questions  please do not hesitate to contact us; phone: +46 31 721 80 00 or  investors@vitrolife.com. Registration Shareholders who wish to attend the Annual General Meeting (AGM) must: be recorded in the share register prepared by Euroclear Sweden AB relating to the circumstances on Wednesday 19 April 2023; and notify their attendance to the Company by Friday 21 April 2023. Notification of attendence should be completed either on the Company's website: www.vitrolifegroup.com  - by post to Vitrolife AB (publ)  c/o Euroclear Sweden AB  Box 191  101 23 Stockholm  Sweden  or via telephone to +46 (0)8 402 58 74. When notifying  shareholders must provide their full name and preferably personal or organisation number (or equivalent)  address  telephone number  details of shareholding  information on any assistants and  where applicable  information on representative or proxy. For shareholders who are represented by a proxy  a proxy form signed and dated by the shareholder must be sent together with the notification. A proxy form is available at www.vitrolifegroup.com. A person representing a legal entity must present a certified copy of the registration certificate or equivalent authorization documents showing the authorized signatory. Shareholders who have had their shares registered with a nominee through a bank or other nominee must temporarily register the shares in their own name in the share register kept by Euroclear Sweden AB in order to participate in the meeting. In order to be entitled to participate in the meeting  a shareholder who has had his shares registered with a nominee must  in addition to notifying the shareholder's attendence to the meeting  have the shares registered in the shareholder's own name so that the shareholder is included in the share register produced on Wednesday 19 April 2023. Such re-registration may be temporary (so-called voting rights registration) and is requested in advance from the nominee as per the nominee's routines. Voting rights that have been registered by the nominee no later than Friday  21 April 2023 will be taken into account in preparing the share register. This is a translation of the Swedish version. When in doubt  the Swedish wording prevails. 1 (11) Agenda Opening of the meeting. Election of the chairman of the meeting. Preparation and approval of the voting list. Approval of the agenda. Election of one or two persons to verify the minutes together with the chairman. Consideration of whether the meeting has been duly convened. Presentation by the CEO. Presentation of the annual accounts and the audit report  as well as the consolidated annual accounts and the audit report for the Group  the auditor's statement regarding the Company's compliance with the guidelines for remuneration to the executive management in effect since the previous AGM. Resolutions on the adoption of the income statement and the balance sheet as well as the consolidated income statement and the consolidated balance sheet  the allocation of the Company's profit in accordance with the adopted balance sheet and a resolution on the record day for distribution  should the meeting resolve to distribute profit  the discharge from liability of the Board of Directors and the CEO. Report from the Election Committee on its work. Resolution on the number of Board members and auditors. Resolution on remuneration to the Board members and auditor. Election of Board members and the Chairman of the Board. Resolution on the amendment of the Articles of Association. Resolution on the Election Committee for the next AGM. Resolution to authorize the Board to resolve to issue new shares. Resolution to authorize the Board to resolve on acquisition of the Company's own shares. Resolution on approval of the 2022 Remuneration Report. Resolution on Long-Term Incentive Program 2023 (LTIP 2023). Closing of the meeting. 2 - Chairman The Election Committee proposes Patrik Tigerschiöld  chairman of the Election Committee  as chairman of the meeting. 9b - Distribution The Board of Directors proposes a dividend of SEK 0.85 per share and Tuesday 2 May 2023 as the record day for the dividend  which means that the last day of trading for shares that carry dividend rights is Thursday 27 April 2023. The dividend is expected to be received by shareholders on Friday 5 May 2023. 11  12 and 13 - Resolution on the number of Board members and auditors  remuneration to the Board members and auditor and election of Board members and Chairman of the Board In accordance with the resolution made by the shareholders at the AGM of 2022  an Election Committee has been established. The Election Committee consists of Niels Jacobsen  appointed by William Demant Invest A/S  Patrik Tigerschiöld  appointed by Bure Equity AB  Erika Henriksson  appointed by EQT VIII and the Chairman of the Board This is a translation of the Swedish version. When in doubt  the Swedish wording prevails. 2 (11) of Directors  Jón Sigurdsson. Patrik Tigerschiöld has been appointed as Chairman of the Election Committee. The Election Committee proposes that the Board shall consist of six members. Remuneration to the Board members is proposed to be in total SEK 3 600 000 of which SEK 1 200 000 to the Chairman of the Board  SEK 400 000 to each of the other members of the Board  SEK 100 000 to the Chairman of the Audit Committee  SEK 100 000 to the Chairman of the Remuneration Committee and SEK 50 000 to each of the other members of these committees. The proposal means no increase in the Board fees compared to the previous year. The Election Committee proposes re-election of the Board members Lars Holmqvist  Pia Marions  Henrik Blomquist  Karen Lykke Sørensen  Vesa Koskinen and Jón Sigurdsson. It is proposed that Henrik Blomquist is the Chairman of the Board. Deloitte AB  with the authorized public accountant Harald Jagner as the lead auditor  was elected at the 2020 AGM as auditor for a mandate period of three years. Fees to the auditors will be paid during the mandate period in accordance with invoices approved by the Audit Committee. The Election Committee proposes re-election of the auditor for a mandate period of one year with unchanged remuneration principles. 14 - Resolution on amendment of the Articles of Association The Board of Directors proposes to add two new sub-paragraphs to § 8 of the Articles of Association with the following wording: ""The Board of Directors may decide that the shareholders shall be able to exercise their voting rights by post before a General Meeting in accordance with what is stated in Chapter 7  Section 4a of the Swedish Companies Act. The Board of Directors may decide that a person who is not a shareholder in the company shall  under the terms determined by the Board of Directors  have the right to attend or otherwise follow the proceedings at the General Meeting. "" A resolution to amend the Articles of Association requires approval by the shareholders with at least two thirds of both the votes cast and the shares represented at the General Meeting. 15 - Resolution on the Election Committee for the next AGM The Election Committee proposes that the AGM adopts a resolution that a new Election Committee be appointed for the 2024 AGM by the Chairman of the Board ─ no later than the end of the third quarter of 2023 ─ by contacting the three largest shareholders or groups of shareholders based on ownership statistics from Euroclear Sweden AB as of the last banking day in August before the AGM and ask them to appoint one member each to the Election Committee. If any of these three largest shareholders or groups of shareholders in terms of the number of votes refrains from appointing a member of the Election Committee  the next largest shareholder in terms of the number of shares held is to be contacted regarding appointment of a member of the Election Committee. The Chairman of the Board shall be part of the Election Committee. The term of office shall run until a new Election Committee has been elected. This is a translation of the Swedish version. When in doubt  the Swedish wording prevails. 3 (11) The composition of the Election Committee shall be published no later than six months before the AGM of the Company. If a member resigns the Election Committee before the tasks of the Election Committee have been completed  the shareholder that appointed the member shall have the right to appoint a new member. The responsibility of the Election Committee regarding the 2024 AGM include submitting proposals on (i) a chairman of the Annual General Meeting  (ii) the number of members of the Board  (iii) remuneration to the members of the Board and other remuneration for committee work  (iv) election of and remuneration to the auditors  (v) election of members of the Board members and Chairman of the Board and (vi) the process for appointment of a new Election Committee and changes in the instruction for the Election Committee. 16 - Resolution to authorize the Board to resolve to issue new shares The Board proposes that the AGM authorizes the Board  until the next AGM  on one or several occasions  to resolve to issue a maximum of 13 544 719 shares. The issue may deviate from the shareholders' preferential rights and may be carried out through a cash payment  a non-cash issue  through offsetting or in accordance with Chapter 2  section 5  items 1-3 and 5 of the Swedish Companies Act. The purpose of the authorization is to allow the Company to issue shares to enable payment of the purchase price in the event of an acquisition of a company or business and to be able to make private placements in order to acquire capital for the Company. If the authorization is fully exercised  it will correspond to a dilution of just under 10 percent of the shares and votes in the Company. In order for this resolution to be valid  it requires the approval of at least two thirds of both the votes cast as well as the shares represented at the meeting. 17 - Resolution to authorize the Board to resolve on acquisition of the Company's own shares The Board proposes that the AGM authorizes the Board  until the next AGM  on one or several occasions  to resolve to acquire the Company's own shares provided that the Company at no time holds more than 10 percent of the total shares in the Company. Acquisitions shall be made through market orders via Nasdaq Stockholm. Acquisitions on the stock exchange may only be made at a price per share that is within the quoted price interval for shares at any given time. The shares shall be paid in cash. In order for this resolution to be valid  it requires the approval of at least two thirds of both the votes cast as well as the shares represented at the meeting. 18 - Resolution on approval of Remuneration Report 2022 The Board proposes that the AGM resolves to approve the Board's report on remuneration pursuant to Chapter 8  Section 53 of the Swedish Companies Act. 19 - Resolution on Long Term Incentive Program 2023 (LTIP 2023)  issue of warrants and transfer of shares and/or warrants The Board of Directors of Vitrolife AB (publ) (the ""Company"") proposes that the Annual General Meeting passes a resolution on the implementation of a Long-Term Incentive Program 2023 (LTIP 2023). This proposal is divided into five items: This is a translation of the Swedish version. When in doubt  the Swedish wording prevails. 4 (11) Terms of LTIP 2023 Issue of warrants Transfer of shares and/or warrants If item C is not approved  the Board proposes that hedging of LTIP 2023 shall take place via an equity swap agreement with a third party Other matters related to LTIP 2023 A. Terms of LTIP 2023 A.1 Introduction The Board wishes to establish a long-term incentive program for certain key employees in order to encourage personal long-term ownership in the Company as well as to increase and enhance its ability to recruit  retain and motivate employees. The Board therefore proposes that the Annual General Meeting resolves to implement a long-term performance share program 2023 (""LTIP 2023""). The intention is also to use LTIP 2023 to unite the interest of the employees with the interests of shareholders. Participants may  after a qualifying period  receive allotments of Vitrolife ordinary shares without consideration. Allotment of shares will depend on the fulfilment of a predetermined performance target. The term of LTIP 2023 is more than three years. A.2 Basic features of LTIP 2023 The LTIP 2023 will be directed towards certain key employees in the Vitrolife Group. The participants are based in Sweden and other countries where the Vitrolife Group is active. Each participant may be entitled  after a certain qualification period (defined below)  provided continued employment during the entire period (except from ""Good Leavers"")  and depending on the fulfilment of a predetermined performance target linked to Vitrolife's total share return (TSR)  to receive allotment of Vitrolife shares (""Performance Shares""). The participants shall not pay any consideration for the allotted Performance Shares. A.3 Participation in LTIP 2023 LTIP 2023 is directed towards a maximum of 25 employees  divided in two categories of participants as follows: Categories Maximum number of shares 1. CEO 50 000 2. Other members of the executive management team/key employees (maximum 24 persons) 25 000 (per person) Total number of shares 170 000 Any resolution on participation or implementation of LTIP 2023 shall be conditional on that it  in the Board's judgement  can be offered with reasonable administrative costs and financial effects. This is a translation of the Swedish version. When in doubt  the Swedish wording prevails. 5 (11) Attachments Original LinkOriginal DocumentPermalink Disclaimer Vitrolife AB published this content on 22 March 2023 and is solely responsible for the information contained therein. Distributed by Public  unedited and unaltered  on 22 March 2023 17:46:06 UTC.© Publicnow 2023 All news about VITROLIFE AB (PUBL) 03:53a Vitrolife : Item 18 Remuneration report 2022 PU 03/22 Vitrolife : Notice Annual General Meeting Vitrolife AB 2023 PU 03/22 Vitrolife : Item 9b Proposal for dividend 2023 PU 03/22 Vitrolife : Item 14 Proposal on amendment of AoA 2023 PU 03/22 Vitrolife : Item 15 Proposal for election committee 2023_2024 PU 03/22 Vitrolife : Item 16 Proposal authorization for Board to issue shares 2023 PU 03/22 Vitrolife : Proposal board members Vitrolife AB 2023 PU 03/22 Vitrolife : Reasoned statement of the Election Committee 2023 PU 03/22 Vitrolife : Report by the Board to the Remuneration Committee's evaluation of remuneration.. PU 03/22 Vitrolife : Appendix A1 to item 19 Proposal for LTIP 2023 PU",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.43,0.16,0.42,True,English,"['Notice Annual General Meeting', 'Vitrolife', 'Elite Park Avenue Hotel', 'Notice Annual General Meeting', 'multiple email addresses', 'Long-Term Incentive Program', 'Patrik Tigerschiöld', 'consolidated annual accounts', 'corporate identity number', 'equivalent authorization documents', 'consolidated balance sheet', 'Euroclear Sweden AB', 'consolidated income statement', 'voting rights registration', 'The Election Committee', 'annual reports', 'registration certificate', 'voting list', 'Vitrolife AB', 'paper copies', 'financial reports', 'press releases', 'share register', 'organisation number', 'legal entity', 'certified copy', 'authorized signatory', 'Such re-registration', 'Swedish version', 'Swedish wording', 'two persons', 'executive management', 'record day', 'sustainability report', 'audit report', 'previous AGM', 'next AGM', 'Wednesday 19 April', 'Registration Shareholders', 'telephone number', 'proxy form', 'Agenda Opening', 'First name', 'full name', 'Board members', 'other nominee', 'new shares', 'Friday 21 April', '2022 Remuneration Report', '47pm', 'commas', 'Message', 'fields', 'publ', 'Company', 'Thursday', 'Kungsportsavenyn', 'Gothenburg', 'entrance', 'order', 'environment', 'website', 'vitrolifegroup', 'understanding', 'regard', 'questions', 'circumstances', 'attendance', 'Notification', 'attendence', 'post', 'Box', 'Stockholm', 'personal', 'details', 'shareholding', 'information', 'assistants', 'representative', 'bank', 'addition', 'advance', 'routines', 'translation', 'doubt', 'chairman', 'Preparation', 'approval', 'minutes', 'Consideration', 'Presentation', 'CEO', 'auditor', 'compliance', 'guidelines', 'effect', 'Resolutions', 'adoption', 'allocation', 'profit', 'accordance', 'distribution', 'discharge', 'liability', 'Directors', 'work', 'amendment', 'Articles', 'Association', 'acquisition', 'Closing', '4.00', '3.30']",2023-03-22,2023-03-23,marketscreener.com
21058,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/03/22/2631996/0/en/Notice-to-the-General-Meeting-of-Harvia-Plc.html,Notice to the General Meeting of Harvia Plc,STOCK EXCHANGE RELEASE       22 March 2023 at 11.00 am EET           Notice to the General Meeting of Harvia Plc        The shareholders of Harvia Plc...,English FinnishSTOCK EXCHANGE RELEASE22 March 2023 at 11.00 am EETNotice to the General Meeting of Harvia PlcThe shareholders of Harvia Plc are invited to the Annual General Meeting to be held on 20 April 2023 at 10.00 a.m. EEST at Tyynenmerenkatu 2  FI-00220 Helsinki. The reception of persons who have registered for the meeting and the distribution of the voting tickets will commence at 9.00 a.m. EEST.Shareholders can also exercise their voting rights by voting in advance. Instructions for advance voting are set out in Part C of this notice to the General Meeting.It is possible to follow the General Meeting via webcast. Instructions on how to follow the webcast are available on the company’s website www.harviagroup.com . Following the webcast does not imply formal shareholder participation in the General Meeting or the exercise of the shareholder’s rights.A. Matters on the Agenda of the General MeetingThe General Meeting will discuss the following matters:1. Opening of the meeting2. Calling the meeting to order3. Election of persons to scrutinise the minutes and to supervise the counting of votes4. Recording the legality of the meeting5. Recording attendance at the meeting and adoption of the list of votes6. Presentation of the financial statements  the report of the Board of Directors and the auditor’s report for 2022- Presentation of the CEO’s review.As of 30 March 2023  at the latest  the financial statements  the report of the Board of Directors and the auditor’s report are available on the company’s website at www.harviagroup.com .7. Adoption of the financial statements  including the adoption of the consolidated financial statements8. Resolution on the use of the profit shown on the balance sheet and the distribution of dividendThe Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that  based on the adopted balance sheet for the financial year 2022  EUR 0.64 per share be paid as dividend and that the remainder of the distributable funds be transferred to shareholders’ equity.The Board of Directors proposes that the dividend is paid in two instalments. The first instalment  EUR 0.32 per share  will be paid to shareholders who are registered in the shareholders’ register maintained by Euroclear Finland Ltd on the record date of the dividend of 24 April 2023. The Board of Directors proposes that the dividend be paid on 2 May 2023.The second instalment  EUR 0.32 per share  shall be paid in October 2023. The second instalment will be paid to shareholders who are registered in the shareholders’ register maintained by Euroclear Finland Ltd on the record date of the dividend  which  together with the dividend payment date  shall be decided by the Board of Directors in its meeting scheduled for 19 October 2023. The record date of the dividend date would then be 23 October 2023 and the dividend payment date 30 October 2023.9. Resolution on the discharge of the members of the Board of Directors and the CEO from liability10. Handling of the remuneration report for governing bodiesThe remuneration report for 2022 prepared in accordance with the remuneration policy adopted on 2 April 2020 by the company’s Annual General Meeting is available on the company’s website at www.harviagroup.com .The Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting adopts the remuneration report for the governing bodies. The resolution is an advisory resolution.11. Resolution on the remuneration of the members of the Board of DirectorsPresentation of the proposal of the Shareholders’ Nomination Board of Harvia Plc by the Chairman of the Shareholders’ Nomination Board  Juho Lipsanen.The Shareholders’ Nomination Board of Harvia Plc proposes that the remuneration be paid to the Board members as follows: Monthly remuneration: The Chair of the Board of Directors is paid EUR 4 500  Deputy Chair of the Board and other members of Board of Directors are paid EUR 2 500. The Chair of the Audit Committee is paid EUR 1 300 a month and the members of the Audit Committee are paid EUR 750 a month. The proposed remuneration corresponds to the remuneration approved by the Annual General Meeting 2022.Further  the Nomination Board proposes a new element that the monthly remuneration of the Board members be paid in company shares and in cash in such a way that approximately 40 per cent of the total monthly remuneration will be paid in company shares purchased at a price determined in public trading on Nasdaq Helsinki Ltd and approximately 60 per cent will be paid in cash. The shares will be acquired within two weeks from the day following the publication of the company’s interim report for the period 1 January–31 March 2023. The company will pay any costs and transfer tax related to the purchase of company shares. In case the remuneration cannot be paid in company shares due to legal or other regulatory restrictions or due to other reasons related to the company or a member of the Board of Directors  the remuneration will be paid in cash.A member of the Board of Directors may not transfer the shares received as remuneration for Board membership in 2023 until two years has passed since the date of transfer of the shares.It is proposed that the remuneration for the members of the Audit Committee be paid fully in cash.In addition  it is proposed that the members of the Board of Directors who live outside Finland be paid EUR 900 for each meeting if the member travels to Finland only for that meeting. It is proposed that the fee be paid in cash. When the member of the Board of Directors attends the meeting by telephone or other electronic means  no fee would be paid for that meeting. No fee would be paid for decisions made without convening a meeting.It is also proposed that the travel expenses of the members of the Board of Directors are compensated in accordance with the company’s travel rules.12. Resolution on the number of members on the Board of DirectorsThe Shareholders’ Nomination Board of Harvia Plc proposes to the Annual General Meeting that the number of members of the Board of Directors will be increased by a maximum of one member  from the current five to six members.13. Election of members of the Board of DirectorsThe Shareholders’ Nomination Board of Harvia Plc proposes to the Annual General Meeting that Olli Liitola  Anders Holmén  Hille Korhonen and Heiner Olbrich be reappointed to the Board of Directors. The Nomination Board proposes that Markus Lengauer and Catharina Stackelberg-Hammarén be appointed as new members of the Board of Directors. Of the current members of the Board of Directors  Sanna Suvanto-Harsaae has informed the Shareholders’ Nomination Board that she is no longer available for re-election to the Board of Directors.All proposed persons have given their consent to the appointment. They are independent of the company and of the major shareholders of the company.The presentation and shareholdings of the persons nominated for the Board of Directors is available at Harvia Plc’s website: www.harviagroup.com .14. Resolution on the remuneration of the AuditorThe Board of Directors proposes that the Auditor to be appointed will receive remuneration in accordance with a reasonable invoice approved by the company.15. Election of the auditorThe Board of Directors proposes that Authorised Public Accounting firm PricewaterhouseCoopers Oy be elected as the Auditor of the company for the following term of office. PricewaterhouseCoopers Oy has stated that Authorised Public Accountant Markku Katajisto will act as the Responsible Auditor should PricewaterhouseCoopers Oy be elected as the Auditor of the company.16. Proposal by the Board of Directors to amend the Articles of AssociationThe Board of Directors proposes that 10 § of the Articles of Association be amended so that  upon the decision of the Board of Directors  the General Meeting can be organised without any meeting venue (remote meeting). The amended article of the Articles of Association reads as follows:“10 § NOTICE OF AN ANNUAL GENERAL MEETINGThe notice convening an Annual General Meeting shall be delivered to the shareholders no earlier than three (3) months and no later than three (3) weeks prior to the Meeting  however  no later than nine (9) days before the record date of the Annual General Meeting.The notice shall be delivered to the shareholders by means of a notice published on the Company’s website or in at least one national daily newspaper designated by the Board of Directors.In order to be entitled to attend and use their right to speak at an Annual General Meeting  a shareholder must notify the Company of its attendance by the date specified in the notice convening the Meeting  which date may not be earlier than ten (10) days prior to the Meeting.In addition to the domicile of the Company  General Meetings may be held in Helsinki or the Board of Directors may decide that a General Meeting of Shareholders is arranged without a meeting venue so that the shareholders exercise their full decision-making powers in real time during the meeting by use of telecommunication connections and technical means (remote meeting).”It is proposed that the Articles of Association remain otherwise unchanged.17. Authorising the Board of Directors to decide on the repurchase of the company’s own sharesThe Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting authorise the Board of Directors to resolve on the repurchase of a maximum of 934 711 shares in the company in one or several tranches.The maximum number of shares that can be repurchased corresponds to approximately 5 per cent of all the shares in the company on the date of this notice. However  a decision to acquire own shares shall not be made so that the treasury shares in the possession of the company and its subsidiaries would exceed one tenth of all shares. Only the unrestricted equity of the company can be used to repurchase own shares on the basis of the authorisation. The shares can be repurchased otherwise than in proportion to the shareholdings of the shareholders in public trading arranged by Nasdaq Helsinki Ltd for the market price formed at the moment of purchase or otherwise at a price formed on the market.The authorisation is proposed to be used e.g.  for the purposes of the company’s share-based incentive systems or for other purposes decided by the Board of Directors.Shares purchased by the company may be held by it  cancelled or transferred. The Board of Directors decides on other matters related to the repurchasing of own shares.The Board of Directors proposes that the authorisation replaces the authorisation of the Board of Directors to resolve on the repurchase of own shares granted by the shareholders of the company on 7 April 2022.It is proposed that the authorisation remain valid until the closing of the next Annual General Meeting  but no longer than until 30 June 2024.18. Authorising the Board of Directors to decide on the issue of shares  options and other special rights entitling to sharesThe Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting authorise the Board of Directors to resolve on the issuance of shares and the issuance of special rights entitling to shares as referred to in Chapter 10 Section 1 of the Finnish Limited Liability Companies Act in one or several parts  either against payment or without payment.The aggregate number of shares to be issued  including the shares to be received based on special rights  must not exceed 1 869 423 shares. The Board of the Directors may resolve to issue new shares or to transfer own shares possibly held by the company.The Board of Directors is authorised to decide on all other matters related to the issuance of shares and special rights entitling to shares  including the right to deviate from the pre-emptive right of shareholders to subscribe to shares to be issued. The authorisation is proposed to be used for the purposes of strengthening the balance sheet and financing position of the company or for other purposes decided by the Board of Directors.It is proposed that the authorisation remain valid until the closing of the next Annual General Meeting  but no longer than until 30 June 2024. The authorisation replaces and revokes all previous unused authorisations of the Board of Directors to resolve on the issuance of shares  share options and other special rights entitling to shares.19. Closing of the meetingB. Documents of the Annual General MeetingThe above-mentioned proposals for resolutions on the agenda of the General Meeting and this notice are available on Harvia Plc’s website at www.harviagroup.com . Harvia Plc’s financial statements  report of the Board of Directors  auditor’s report and remuneration policy and remuneration report will be available on said website by 30 March 2023 at the latest. The proposed resolutions and other documents mentioned above will also be available for inspection at the General Meeting.The minutes of the General Meeting will be available on the above-mentioned website from 4 May 2023 onwards at the latest.C. Instructions for the participants in the Annual General Meeting1. Shareholders registered in the shareholders’ registerShareholders who are registered in the shareholders’ register of Euroclear Finland Oy on the record date of the General Meeting 6 April 2023 are entitled to participate in the General Meeting. A shareholder whose shares in the company are registered in his/her personal Finnish book-entry account is registered in the company’s shareholders’ register.Registration for the General Meeting starts on 23 March 2023 at 10.00 a.m. EET. A shareholder entered in the company’s shareholders’ register who wishes to attend the General Meeting must register no later than 14 April 2023 at 4.00 p.m. EEST  by which time the registration must be received. You can register for the General Meeting:a) via the company’s website at www.harviagroup.com . Electronic registration requires strong identification of the shareholder or his/her legal representative or proxy with a Finnish or Swedish bank ID or mobile certificate.;b) by e-mail or mail. Shareholders registering by mail or e-mail shall submit the registration form available on the company’s website www.harviagroup.com or equivalent information to Innovatics Oy by mail to Innovatics Oy  General Meeting / Harvia Plc  Ratamestarinkatu 13 A  FI-00520 Helsinki or by e-mail to agm@innovatics.fi.When registering  please provide the requested information  such as the shareholder’s name  date of birth or business ID  contact details  the name of any assistant or proxy representative and the proxy’s date of birth. The personal data provided by shareholders to Harvia Plc will only be used in connection with the General Meeting and the processing of the necessary registrations related thereto.The shareholder  his/her representative or proxy must be able to prove his/her identity and/or right of representation at the meeting if necessary.Further information on registration and advance voting is available by telephone during the registration period of the General Meeting by calling Innovatics Oy at +358 10 2818 909 on weekdays from 9.00 a.m. to 12.00 p.m. and from 13.00 p.m. to 16.00 p.m.2. Holders of nominee-registered sharesA holder of nominee-registered shares is entitled to participate in the General Meeting on the basis of the shares which would entitle him/her to be entered in the shareholders’ register kept by Euroclear Finland Oy on the record date for the General Meeting 6 April 2023. Participation also requires that the shareholder is temporarily registered in the shareholders’ register held by Euroclear Finland Oy by 17 April 2023 by 10.00 a.m. EEST at the latest. In the case of nominee-registered shares  this is considered as registration for the General Meeting. Changes in the shareholding after the record date of the General Meeting do not affect the right to participate in the General Meeting or the shareholder’s voting rights.The holder of nominee-registered shares is advised to request well in advance the necessary instructions from his/her custodian bank regarding temporary registration in the register of shareholders  the issuing of proxy documents and voting instructions  registration  and attendance at the General Meeting and advance voting. The account manager of the custodian bank shall register the holder of nominee-registered shares who wishes to attend the Annual General Meeting temporarily in the register of shareholders of the company by the aforementioned date and time at the latest and  if necessary  arrange for advance voting on behalf of the holder of nominee-registered shares before the end of the registration period for holders of nominee-registered shares. Further information is also available on the company’s website at www.harviagroup.com .3. Proxy representatives and powers of attorneyA shareholder may attend the General Meeting and exercise his/her rights there through a proxy representative. A shareholder’s proxy may also elect to vote in advance as described in this notice if he/she so wishes. The proxy representative must authenticate to the electronic registration service and advance voting personally with strong authentication  after which he/she will be able to register and vote in advance on behalf of the shareholder that he/she represents. The shareholder’s proxy must present dated proxy documents  or otherwise in a reliable manner prove that he/she is entitled to represent the shareholder at the General Meeting. You can prove your right to representation by using the suomi.fi e-Authorizations service available in the electronic registration service.Model proxy documents and voting instructions are available on the company’s website www.harviagroup.com . If a shareholder participates in the General Meeting through several proxies representing the shareholder with shares held in different securities accounts  the shares on the basis of which each proxy represents the shareholder shall be identified in connection with the registration.Any proxy documents are requested to be submitted preferably as an attachment with the electronic registration or alternatively by mail to Innovatics Oy  General Meeting / Harvia Plc  Ratamestarinkatu 13 A  FI-00520 Helsinki or by e-mail to agm@innovatics.fi before the end of the registration period. In addition to submitting the proxy documents  the shareholder or his/her proxy shall register for the General Meeting in the manner described above in this notice.4. Advance votingA shareholder whose shares in the company are registered in his/her personal Finnish book-entry account may vote in advance between 23 March 2023 at 10.00 a.m. EET and 14 April 2023 at 4.00 p.m. EEST on certain items on the agenda of the General Meeting.a) via the company’s website at www.harviagroup.com . Login to the service is done in the same way as for registration in section C.1 of this notice.b) by mail or by e-mail by submitting the advance voting form available on the company’s website or equivalent information to Innovatics Oy at Innovatics Oy  General Meeting / Harvia Plc  Ratamestarinkatu 13 A  FI-00520 Helsinki  Finland or by e-mail at agm@innovatics.fi. Advance votes must be received by the time the advance voting ends. The submission of votes in this way before the end of the registration and advance voting period shall be considered as registration for the General Meeting  provided that it contains the above information required for registration.A shareholder who has voted in advance cannot exercise the right to ask questions or demand a vote under the Finnish Limited Liability Companies Act unless he/she attends the General Meeting in person or by proxy at the meeting venue.With respect to nominee registered shareholders  the advance voting is carried out by the account manager. The account manager may vote in advance on behalf of the holders of nominee-registered shares whom he/she represents in accordance with the voting instructions given by them during the registration period set for the nominee-registered shareholders.Proposals for resolution that are subject to advance voting are deemed to have been made at the General Meeting without any changes. The conditions and other instructions for electronic advance voting are available on the company’s website at www.harviagroup.com .5. Other instructions and informationThe meeting language is Finnish.Shareholders present at the General Meeting have the right to ask questions about the matters discussed at the meeting in accordance with Chapter 5  Section 25 of the Finnish Limited Liability Companies Act.Changes in the shareholding after the record date of the General Meeting do not affect the right to participate in the General Meeting or the shareholder’s voting rights.On the date of the notice to the meeting  Harvia Plc has a total of 18 694 236 shares representing the same number of votes. The company holds on 22 March 2023 a total of 21 074 of its own shares which are not entitled to vote at the Annual General Meeting.Shareholders may follow the Annual General Meeting remotely on the internet via video stream provided by the company. Shareholders following the meeting this way are not considered to participate in the Annual General Meeting and thus may not  among other  exercise their right to pose questions referred to in Chapter 5  Section 25 of the Finnish Limited Liability Companies Act or vote in the meeting. A link to the video stream and detailed instructions for following the video stream are available at the company’s website at www.harviagroup.com .Muurame  22 March 2023HARVIA PLCBOARD OF DIRECTORSADDITIONAL INFORMATIONCEO Tapio Pajuharju  tel. +358 50 577 4200CFO Ari Vesterinen  tel. +358 40 505 0440Distribution:Nasdaq Helsinki LtdMain Mediawww.harviagroup.comHarvia is one of the leading companies operating in the sauna and spa market globally  as measured by revenue. Harvia’s brands and product portfolio are well known in the market  and the company’s comprehensive product portfolio strives to meet the needs of the international sauna and spa market of both private and professional customers.Harvia’s revenue totaled EUR 172.4 million in 2022. Harvia Group employs more than 600 professionals in Finland  China and Hong Kong  Romania  Austria  United States  Germany and Estonia. The company is headquartered in Muurame  Finland  adjacent to its largest sauna and sauna component manufacturing facility.,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,True,English,"['General Meeting', 'Harvia Plc', 'Notice', 'The Shareholders’ Nomination Board', 'Euroclear Finland Ltd', 'other regulatory restrictions', 'formal shareholder participation', 'Nasdaq Helsinki Ltd', 'Annual General Meeting', 'consolidated financial statements', 'The General Meeting', 'total monthly remuneration', 'The Board', 'other reasons', 'financial year', 'English Finnish', 'EXCHANGE RELEASE', 'Harvia Plc', 'voting tickets', 'Part C', 'following matters', 'balance sheet', 'distributable funds', 'shareholders’ equity', 'two instalments', 'first instalment', 'shareholders’ register', 'record date', 'second instalment', 'payment date', 'dividend date', 'governing bodies', 'Juho Lipsanen', 'Audit Committee', 'new element', '40 per cent', 'public trading', '60 per cent', 'two weeks', 'other members', 'remuneration policy', 'voting rights', 'advance voting', 'A. Matters', 'interim report', 'Deputy Chair', 'advisory resolution', 'company shares', 'Board members', 'remuneration report', '10.00 a', 'March', 'Notice', '20 April', 'EEST', 'Tyynenmerenkatu', 'reception', 'persons', 'distribution', 'Instructions', 'webcast', 'website', 'harviagroup', 'exercise', 'Agenda', 'Opening', 'Election', 'minutes', 'counting', 'votes', 'legality', 'attendance', 'adoption', 'list', 'Presentation', 'Directors', 'auditor', 'CEO', 'review', 'use', 'profit', 'remainder', '24 April', '2 May', 'October', 'discharge', 'liability', 'Handling', 'accordance', '2 April', 'proposal', 'Chairman', 'cash', 'way', 'price', 'day', 'publication', 'period', '1 January', 'costs', 'transfer', 'tax', 'purchase', 'case', '11.', '9.00', '7.']",2023-03-22,2023-03-23,globenewswire.com
21059,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/HARVIA-OYJ-42470799/news/Notice-to-the-General-Meeting-of-Harvia-Plc-43307048/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230322,Notice to the General Meeting of Harvia Plc,(marketscreener.com)  STOCK EXCHANGE RELEASE 22 March 2023 at 11.00 am EET Notice to the General Meeting of Harvia Plc The shareholders of Harvia Plc are invited to the Annual General Meeting to be held on 20 April 2023 at 10.00 a.m. EEST at Tyynenmerenkatu …,STOCK EXCHANGE RELEASE22 March 2023 at 11.00 am EETNotice to the General Meeting of Harvia PlcThe shareholders of Harvia Plc are invited to the Annual General Meeting to be held on 20 April 2023 at 10.00 a.m. EEST at Tyynenmerenkatu 2  FI-00220 Helsinki. The reception of persons who have registered for the meeting and the distribution of the voting tickets will commence at 9.00 a.m. EEST.Shareholders can also exercise their voting rights by voting in advance. Instructions for advance voting are set out in Part C of this notice to the General Meeting.It is possible to follow the General Meeting via webcast. Instructions on how to follow the webcast are available on the company’s website www.harviagroup.com . Following the webcast does not imply formal shareholder participation in the General Meeting or the exercise of the shareholder’s rights.A. Matters on the Agenda of the General MeetingThe General Meeting will discuss the following matters:1. Opening of the meeting2. Calling the meeting to order3. Election of persons to scrutinise the minutes and to supervise the counting of votes4. Recording the legality of the meeting5. Recording attendance at the meeting and adoption of the list of votes6. Presentation of the financial statements  the report of the Board of Directors and the auditor’s report for 2022- Presentation of the CEO’s review.As of 30 March 2023  at the latest  the financial statements  the report of the Board of Directors and the auditor’s report are available on the company’s website at www.harviagroup.com .7. Adoption of the financial statements  including the adoption of the consolidated financial statements8. Resolution on the use of the profit shown on the balance sheet and the distribution of dividendThe Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that  based on the adopted balance sheet for the financial year 2022  EUR 0.64 per share be paid as dividend and that the remainder of the distributable funds be transferred to shareholders’ equity.The Board of Directors proposes that the dividend is paid in two instalments. The first instalment  EUR 0.32 per share  will be paid to shareholders who are registered in the shareholders’ register maintained by Euroclear Finland Ltd on the record date of the dividend of 24 April 2023. The Board of Directors proposes that the dividend be paid on 2 May 2023.The second instalment  EUR 0.32 per share  shall be paid in October 2023. The second instalment will be paid to shareholders who are registered in the shareholders’ register maintained by Euroclear Finland Ltd on the record date of the dividend  which  together with the dividend payment date  shall be decided by the Board of Directors in its meeting scheduled for 19 October 2023. The record date of the dividend date would then be 23 October 2023 and the dividend payment date 30 October 2023.9. Resolution on the discharge of the members of the Board of Directors and the CEO from liability10. Handling of the remuneration report for governing bodiesThe remuneration report for 2022 prepared in accordance with the remuneration policy adopted on 2 April 2020 by the company’s Annual General Meeting is available on the company’s website at www.harviagroup.com .The Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting adopts the remuneration report for the governing bodies. The resolution is an advisory resolution.11. Resolution on the remuneration of the members of the Board of DirectorsPresentation of the proposal of the Shareholders’ Nomination Board of Harvia Plc by the Chairman of the Shareholders’ Nomination Board  Juho Lipsanen.The Shareholders’ Nomination Board of Harvia Plc proposes that the remuneration be paid to the Board members as follows: Monthly remuneration: The Chair of the Board of Directors is paid EUR 4 500  Deputy Chair of the Board and other members of Board of Directors are paid EUR 2 500. The Chair of the Audit Committee is paid EUR 1 300 a month and the members of the Audit Committee are paid EUR 750 a month. The proposed remuneration corresponds to the remuneration approved by the Annual General Meeting 2022.Further  the Nomination Board proposes a new element that the monthly remuneration of the Board members be paid in company shares and in cash in such a way that approximately 40 per cent of the total monthly remuneration will be paid in company shares purchased at a price determined in public trading on Nasdaq Helsinki Ltd and approximately 60 per cent will be paid in cash. The shares will be acquired within two weeks from the day following the publication of the company’s interim report for the period 1 January–31 March 2023. The company will pay any costs and transfer tax related to the purchase of company shares. In case the remuneration cannot be paid in company shares due to legal or other regulatory restrictions or due to other reasons related to the company or a member of the Board of Directors  the remuneration will be paid in cash.A member of the Board of Directors may not transfer the shares received as remuneration for Board membership in 2023 until two years has passed since the date of transfer of the shares.It is proposed that the remuneration for the members of the Audit Committee be paid fully in cash.In addition  it is proposed that the members of the Board of Directors who live outside Finland be paid EUR 900 for each meeting if the member travels to Finland only for that meeting. It is proposed that the fee be paid in cash. When the member of the Board of Directors attends the meeting by telephone or other electronic means  no fee would be paid for that meeting. No fee would be paid for decisions made without convening a meeting.It is also proposed that the travel expenses of the members of the Board of Directors are compensated in accordance with the company’s travel rules.12. Resolution on the number of members on the Board of DirectorsThe Shareholders’ Nomination Board of Harvia Plc proposes to the Annual General Meeting that the number of members of the Board of Directors will be increased by a maximum of one member  from the current five to six members.13. Election of members of the Board of DirectorsThe Shareholders’ Nomination Board of Harvia Plc proposes to the Annual General Meeting that Olli Liitola  Anders Holmén  Hille Korhonen and Heiner Olbrich be reappointed to the Board of Directors. The Nomination Board proposes that Markus Lengauer and Catharina Stackelberg-Hammarén be appointed as new members of the Board of Directors. Of the current members of the Board of Directors  Sanna Suvanto-Harsaae has informed the Shareholders’ Nomination Board that she is no longer available for re-election to the Board of Directors.All proposed persons have given their consent to the appointment. They are independent of the company and of the major shareholders of the company.The presentation and shareholdings of the persons nominated for the Board of Directors is available at Harvia Plc’s website: www.harviagroup.com .14. Resolution on the remuneration of the AuditorThe Board of Directors proposes that the Auditor to be appointed will receive remuneration in accordance with a reasonable invoice approved by the company.15. Election of the auditorThe Board of Directors proposes that Authorised Public Accounting firm PricewaterhouseCoopers Oy be elected as the Auditor of the company for the following term of office. PricewaterhouseCoopers Oy has stated that Authorised Public Accountant Markku Katajisto will act as the Responsible Auditor should PricewaterhouseCoopers Oy be elected as the Auditor of the company.16. Proposal by the Board of Directors to amend the Articles of AssociationThe Board of Directors proposes that 10 § of the Articles of Association be amended so that  upon the decision of the Board of Directors  the General Meeting can be organised without any meeting venue (remote meeting). The amended article of the Articles of Association reads as follows:“10 § NOTICE OF AN ANNUAL GENERAL MEETINGThe notice convening an Annual General Meeting shall be delivered to the shareholders no earlier than three (3) months and no later than three (3) weeks prior to the Meeting  however  no later than nine (9) days before the record date of the Annual General Meeting.The notice shall be delivered to the shareholders by means of a notice published on the Company’s website or in at least one national daily newspaper designated by the Board of Directors.In order to be entitled to attend and use their right to speak at an Annual General Meeting  a shareholder must notify the Company of its attendance by the date specified in the notice convening the Meeting  which date may not be earlier than ten (10) days prior to the Meeting.In addition to the domicile of the Company  General Meetings may be held in Helsinki or the Board of Directors may decide that a General Meeting of Shareholders is arranged without a meeting venue so that the shareholders exercise their full decision-making powers in real time during the meeting by use of telecommunication connections and technical means (remote meeting).”It is proposed that the Articles of Association remain otherwise unchanged.17. Authorising the Board of Directors to decide on the repurchase of the company’s own sharesThe Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting authorise the Board of Directors to resolve on the repurchase of a maximum of 934 711 shares in the company in one or several tranches.The maximum number of shares that can be repurchased corresponds to approximately 5 per cent of all the shares in the company on the date of this notice. However  a decision to acquire own shares shall not be made so that the treasury shares in the possession of the company and its subsidiaries would exceed one tenth of all shares. Only the unrestricted equity of the company can be used to repurchase own shares on the basis of the authorisation. The shares can be repurchased otherwise than in proportion to the shareholdings of the shareholders in public trading arranged by Nasdaq Helsinki Ltd for the market price formed at the moment of purchase or otherwise at a price formed on the market.The authorisation is proposed to be used e.g.  for the purposes of the company’s share-based incentive systems or for other purposes decided by the Board of Directors.Shares purchased by the company may be held by it  cancelled or transferred. The Board of Directors decides on other matters related to the repurchasing of own shares.The Board of Directors proposes that the authorisation replaces the authorisation of the Board of Directors to resolve on the repurchase of own shares granted by the shareholders of the company on 7 April 2022.It is proposed that the authorisation remain valid until the closing of the next Annual General Meeting  but no longer than until 30 June 2024.18. Authorising the Board of Directors to decide on the issue of shares  options and other special rights entitling to sharesThe Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting authorise the Board of Directors to resolve on the issuance of shares and the issuance of special rights entitling to shares as referred to in Chapter 10 Section 1 of the Finnish Limited Liability Companies Act in one or several parts  either against payment or without payment.The aggregate number of shares to be issued  including the shares to be received based on special rights  must not exceed 1 869 423 shares. The Board of the Directors may resolve to issue new shares or to transfer own shares possibly held by the company.The Board of Directors is authorised to decide on all other matters related to the issuance of shares and special rights entitling to shares  including the right to deviate from the pre-emptive right of shareholders to subscribe to shares to be issued. The authorisation is proposed to be used for the purposes of strengthening the balance sheet and financing position of the company or for other purposes decided by the Board of Directors.It is proposed that the authorisation remain valid until the closing of the next Annual General Meeting  but no longer than until 30 June 2024. The authorisation replaces and revokes all previous unused authorisations of the Board of Directors to resolve on the issuance of shares  share options and other special rights entitling to shares.19. Closing of the meetingB. Documents of the Annual General MeetingThe above-mentioned proposals for resolutions on the agenda of the General Meeting and this notice are available on Harvia Plc’s website at www.harviagroup.com . Harvia Plc’s financial statements  report of the Board of Directors  auditor’s report and remuneration policy and remuneration report will be available on said website by 30 March 2023 at the latest. The proposed resolutions and other documents mentioned above will also be available for inspection at the General Meeting.The minutes of the General Meeting will be available on the above-mentioned website from 4 May 2023 onwards at the latest.C. Instructions for the participants in the Annual General Meeting1. Shareholders registered in the shareholders’ registerShareholders who are registered in the shareholders’ register of Euroclear Finland Oy on the record date of the General Meeting 6 April 2023 are entitled to participate in the General Meeting. A shareholder whose shares in the company are registered in his/her personal Finnish book-entry account is registered in the company’s shareholders’ register.Registration for the General Meeting starts on 23 March 2023 at 10.00 a.m. EET. A shareholder entered in the company’s shareholders’ register who wishes to attend the General Meeting must register no later than 14 April 2023 at 4.00 p.m. EEST  by which time the registration must be received. You can register for the General Meeting:a) via the company’s website at www.harviagroup.com . Electronic registration requires strong identification of the shareholder or his/her legal representative or proxy with a Finnish or Swedish bank ID or mobile certificate.;b) by e-mail or mail. Shareholders registering by mail or e-mail shall submit the registration form available on the company’s website www.harviagroup.com or equivalent information to Innovatics Oy by mail to Innovatics Oy  General Meeting / Harvia Plc  Ratamestarinkatu 13 A  FI-00520 Helsinki or by e-mail to agm@innovatics.fi.When registering  please provide the requested information  such as the shareholder’s name  date of birth or business ID  contact details  the name of any assistant or proxy representative and the proxy’s date of birth. The personal data provided by shareholders to Harvia Plc will only be used in connection with the General Meeting and the processing of the necessary registrations related thereto.The shareholder  his/her representative or proxy must be able to prove his/her identity and/or right of representation at the meeting if necessary.Further information on registration and advance voting is available by telephone during the registration period of the General Meeting by calling Innovatics Oy at +358 10 2818 909 on weekdays from 9.00 a.m. to 12.00 p.m. and from 13.00 p.m. to 16.00 p.m.2. Holders of nominee-registered sharesA holder of nominee-registered shares is entitled to participate in the General Meeting on the basis of the shares which would entitle him/her to be entered in the shareholders’ register kept by Euroclear Finland Oy on the record date for the General Meeting 6 April 2023. Participation also requires that the shareholder is temporarily registered in the shareholders’ register held by Euroclear Finland Oy by 17 April 2023 by 10.00 a.m. EEST at the latest. In the case of nominee-registered shares  this is considered as registration for the General Meeting. Changes in the shareholding after the record date of the General Meeting do not affect the right to participate in the General Meeting or the shareholder’s voting rights.The holder of nominee-registered shares is advised to request well in advance the necessary instructions from his/her custodian bank regarding temporary registration in the register of shareholders  the issuing of proxy documents and voting instructions  registration  and attendance at the General Meeting and advance voting. The account manager of the custodian bank shall register the holder of nominee-registered shares who wishes to attend the Annual General Meeting temporarily in the register of shareholders of the company by the aforementioned date and time at the latest and  if necessary  arrange for advance voting on behalf of the holder of nominee-registered shares before the end of the registration period for holders of nominee-registered shares. Further information is also available on the company’s website at www.harviagroup.com .3. Proxy representatives and powers of attorneyA shareholder may attend the General Meeting and exercise his/her rights there through a proxy representative. A shareholder’s proxy may also elect to vote in advance as described in this notice if he/she so wishes. The proxy representative must authenticate to the electronic registration service and advance voting personally with strong authentication  after which he/she will be able to register and vote in advance on behalf of the shareholder that he/she represents. The shareholder’s proxy must present dated proxy documents  or otherwise in a reliable manner prove that he/she is entitled to represent the shareholder at the General Meeting. You can prove your right to representation by using the suomi.fi e-Authorizations service available in the electronic registration service.Model proxy documents and voting instructions are available on the company’s website www.harviagroup.com . If a shareholder participates in the General Meeting through several proxies representing the shareholder with shares held in different securities accounts  the shares on the basis of which each proxy represents the shareholder shall be identified in connection with the registration.Any proxy documents are requested to be submitted preferably as an attachment with the electronic registration or alternatively by mail to Innovatics Oy  General Meeting / Harvia Plc  Ratamestarinkatu 13 A  FI-00520 Helsinki or by e-mail to agm@innovatics.fi before the end of the registration period. In addition to submitting the proxy documents  the shareholder or his/her proxy shall register for the General Meeting in the manner described above in this notice.4. Advance votingA shareholder whose shares in the company are registered in his/her personal Finnish book-entry account may vote in advance between 23 March 2023 at 10.00 a.m. EET and 14 April 2023 at 4.00 p.m. EEST on certain items on the agenda of the General Meeting.a) via the company’s website at www.harviagroup.com . Login to the service is done in the same way as for registration in section C.1 of this notice.b) by mail or by e-mail by submitting the advance voting form available on the company’s website or equivalent information to Innovatics Oy at Innovatics Oy  General Meeting / Harvia Plc  Ratamestarinkatu 13 A  FI-00520 Helsinki  Finland or by e-mail at agm@innovatics.fi. Advance votes must be received by the time the advance voting ends. The submission of votes in this way before the end of the registration and advance voting period shall be considered as registration for the General Meeting  provided that it contains the above information required for registration.A shareholder who has voted in advance cannot exercise the right to ask questions or demand a vote under the Finnish Limited Liability Companies Act unless he/she attends the General Meeting in person or by proxy at the meeting venue.With respect to nominee registered shareholders  the advance voting is carried out by the account manager. The account manager may vote in advance on behalf of the holders of nominee-registered shares whom he/she represents in accordance with the voting instructions given by them during the registration period set for the nominee-registered shareholders.Proposals for resolution that are subject to advance voting are deemed to have been made at the General Meeting without any changes. The conditions and other instructions for electronic advance voting are available on the company’s website at www.harviagroup.com .5. Other instructions and informationThe meeting language is Finnish.Shareholders present at the General Meeting have the right to ask questions about the matters discussed at the meeting in accordance with Chapter 5  Section 25 of the Finnish Limited Liability Companies Act.Changes in the shareholding after the record date of the General Meeting do not affect the right to participate in the General Meeting or the shareholder’s voting rights.On the date of the notice to the meeting  Harvia Plc has a total of 18 694 236 shares representing the same number of votes. The company holds on 22 March 2023 a total of 21 074 of its own shares which are not entitled to vote at the Annual General Meeting.Shareholders may follow the Annual General Meeting remotely on the internet via video stream provided by the company. Shareholders following the meeting this way are not considered to participate in the Annual General Meeting and thus may not  among other  exercise their right to pose questions referred to in Chapter 5  Section 25 of the Finnish Limited Liability Companies Act or vote in the meeting. A link to the video stream and detailed instructions for following the video stream are available at the company’s website at www.harviagroup.com .Muurame  22 March 2023HARVIA PLCBOARD OF DIRECTORSADDITIONAL INFORMATIONCEO Tapio Pajuharju  tel. +358 50 577 4200CFO Ari Vesterinen  tel. +358 40 505 0440Distribution:Nasdaq Helsinki LtdMain Mediawww.harviagroup.comHarvia is one of the leading companies operating in the sauna and spa market globally  as measured by revenue. Harvia’s brands and product portfolio are well known in the market  and the company’s comprehensive product portfolio strives to meet the needs of the international sauna and spa market of both private and professional customers.Harvia’s revenue totaled EUR 172.4 million in 2022. Harvia Group employs more than 600 professionals in Finland  China and Hong Kong  Romania  Austria  United States  Germany and Estonia. The company is headquartered in Muurame  Finland  adjacent to its largest sauna and sauna component manufacturing facility.,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.01,True,English,"['General Meeting', 'Harvia Plc', 'Notice', 'The Shareholders’ Nomination Board', 'Euroclear Finland Ltd', 'other regulatory restrictions', 'formal shareholder participation', 'Nasdaq Helsinki Ltd', 'Annual General Meeting', 'The General Meeting', 'consolidated financial statements', 'total monthly remuneration', 'The Board', 'other reasons', 'financial year', 'EXCHANGE RELEASE', 'Harvia Plc', 'voting tickets', 'Part C', 'following matters', 'balance sheet', 'distributable funds', 'shareholders’ equity', 'two instalments', 'first instalment', 'shareholders’ register', 'record date', 'second instalment', 'payment date', 'dividend date', 'governing bodies', 'Juho Lipsanen', 'Audit Committee', 'new element', '40 per cent', 'public trading', '60 per cent', 'two weeks', 'other members', 'remuneration policy', 'voting rights', 'advance voting', 'A. Matters', 'interim report', 'Deputy Chair', 'advisory resolution', 'Board members', 'remuneration report', 'company shares', '10.00 a', 'March', 'Notice', '20 April', 'Tyynenmerenkatu', 'reception', 'persons', 'distribution', 'EEST', 'Instructions', 'webcast', 'website', 'harviagroup', 'exercise', 'Agenda', 'Opening', 'Election', 'minutes', 'counting', 'votes', 'legality', 'attendance', 'adoption', 'list', 'Presentation', 'Directors', 'auditor', 'CEO', 'review', 'use', 'profit', 'remainder', '24 April', '2 May', 'October', 'discharge', 'liability', 'Handling', 'accordance', '2 April', 'proposal', 'Chairman', 'cash', 'way', 'price', 'day', 'publication', 'period', '1 January', 'costs', 'transfer', 'tax', 'purchase', 'case', '11.', '9.00']",2023-03-22,2023-03-23,marketscreener.com
21060,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/ASSA-ABLOY-AB-PUBL-120791625/news/Notice-of-Annual-General-Meeting-in-ASSA-ABLOY-AB-43311391/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230322,Notice of Annual General Meeting in ASSA ABLOY AB,(marketscreener.com) STOCKHOLM  March 22  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- The shareholders of ASSA ABLOY AB are hereby invited to attend the Annual General Meeting to be held on Wednesday 26 April 2023 at 3.30 p.m.  at Stockholm Waterfront Congress Centre  Nils Ericso…,"STOCKHOLM  March 22  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- The shareholders of ASSA ABLOY AB (Reg. No. 556059-3575) are hereby invited to attend the Annual General Meeting to be held on Wednesday 26 April 2023 at 3.30 p.m.  at Stockholm Waterfront Congress Centre  Nils Ericsons Plan 4  Stockholm  Sweden.The doors will open at 2.30 p.m.Right to participate and notificationShareholders who wish to attend the Annual General Meeting must:be recorded in the share register kept by Euroclear Sweden AB on Tuesday 18 April 2023   and  and give notice of their participation to ASSA ABLOY AB no later than Thursday 20 April 2023 . Notice of participation shall be given on the company's website assaabloy.com/general-meeting  by telephone +46 8-402 90 71 or in writing by mail to ASSA ABLOY AB  ""2023 Annual General Meeting""  c/o Euroclear Sweden AB  P.O. Box 191  SE-101 23 Stockholm  Sweden .The notification must state name  personal or corporate identification number  address  telephone number and names of any assistants attending.ProxyIf the shareholder is represented by proxy  a written and dated power of attorney signed by the shareholder must be enclosed to the notification and be presented in original at the latest at the Annual General Meeting. Proxy form is available upon request and on the company's website assaabloy.com/general-meeting. If the proxy is issued by a legal entity  a certificate of incorporation or equivalent authorization document must be enclosed.Nominee registered sharesShareholders whose shares are nominee registered through a bank or other nominee must  in addition to giving notice of participation  request that their shares be temporarily registered in their own name in the share register kept by Euroclear Sweden AB (so called voting right registration) in order to be entitled to participate in the Annual General Meeting. The shareholders' register for the General Meeting as of the record date Tuesday 18 April 2023 will take into account voting right registrations completed no later than Thursday 20 April 2023. Shareholders concerned must  in accordance with each nominee's routines  request that the nominee makes such voting right registration well in advance of that date.Agenda1. Opening of the Annual General Meeting.2. Election of Chairman of the Annual General Meeting.3. Preparation and approval of the voting list.4. Approval of the agenda.5. Election of two persons to check the Annual General Meeting minutes.6. Determination of whether the Annual General Meeting has been duly convened.7. Speech by the President and CEO  Mr. Nico Delvaux.8. Presentation of:a) the Annual Report and the Auditor's Report as well as the Consolidated Accounts and the Auditor's Report for the Group b) the Auditor's statement regarding whether the guidelines for remuneration to senior executives have been complied with  andc) the Board of Directors proposal regarding distribution of profits and motivated statement.9. Resolutions regarding:a) adoption of the Statement of Income and the Balance Sheet as well as the Consolidated Statement of Income and the Consolidated Balance Sheet b) dispositions of the company's profit according to the adopted Balance Sheet  andc) discharge from liability of the members of the Board of Directors and the CEO.10. Determination of the number of members of the Board of Directors.11. Determination of:a) fees to the Board of Directors b) fees to the Auditor.12. Election of Board of Directors  Chairman of the Board of Directors and Vice Chairman of the Board of Directors.13. Election of Auditor.14. Resolution regarding instructions for appointment of Nomination Committee and the Nomination Committee's assignment.15. Resolution on approval of remuneration report.16. Resolution regarding authorization to repurchase and transfer Series B shares in the company.17. Resolution regarding long-term incentive program.18. Closing of the Annual General Meeting.Item 2 – Election of Chairman of the Annual General MeetingThe Nomination Committee  since 23 December 2022  consisting of Chairman Anders Mörck (Investment AB Latour) and Mikael Ekdahl (Melker Schörling AB)  proposes that Lars Renström is elected Chairman of the Annual General Meeting.Item 9 b) – Disposition of the company's profit according to the adopted Balance SheetThe Board of Directors proposes a dividend of SEK 4.80 per share. The dividend is proposed to be paid in two equal installments  the first with the record date Friday 28 April 2023 and the second with the record date Monday 13 November 2023. If the proposal is adopted by the Annual General Meeting  the first installment is estimated to be paid on Thursday 4 May 2023 and the second installment on Thursday 16 November 2023.The Board of Directors has presented a motivated statement pursuant to Chapter 18  Section 4 of the Swedish Companies Act  the statement is available at the company and on the company's website assaabloy.com/general-meeting.Items 10–13 – Determination of the number of members of the Board of Directors  determination of fees to the Board of Directors and the Auditor as well as election of Board of Directors  Chairman of the Board of Directors  Vice Chairman of the Board of Directors and AuditorThe Nomination Committee proposes that the Annual General Meeting resolves as follows.- The number of members of the Board of Directors shall be eight.- The Nomination Committee has in its work regarding Board fees compared the fees to the Board of Directors with Board fees among comparable companies in Sweden and internationally. Based on this and the fact that the Board of Directors is proposed to be reduced and include one less member  an increase of the fee for each respective member of the Board  but a decrease of the total fee to the Board of Directors is proposed  meaning that the fees shall amount to a total of SEK 9 455 000 (remuneration for committee work not included) which shall be distributed among the members of the Board of Directors as follows; SEK 3 000 000 to the Chairman  SEK 1 115 000 to the Vice Chairman and SEK 890 000 to each of the other members of the Board of Directors elected by the Annual General Meeting. As remuneration for the committee work  the Chairman of the Audit Committee is to receive SEK 352 000  the Chairman of the Remuneration Committee SEK 165 000  members of the Audit Committee (the Chairman excluded) SEK 243 000 each  and member of the Remuneration Committee (the Chairman excluded) SEK 82 000.- Fees to the Auditor according to contract.- Re-election of Carl Douglas  Erik Ekudden  Johan Hjertonsson  Sofia Schörling Högberg  Lena Olving  Joakim Weidemanis and Susanne Pahlén Åklundh as members of the Board of Directors. Lars Renström and Eva Karlsson have declined re-election.- Election of Victoria Van Camp as new member of the Board of Directors.- Election of Johan Hjertonsson as new Chairman of the Board of Directors and re-election of Carl Douglas as Vice Chairman.- Re-election of the registered audit firm Ernst & Young AB as Auditor for the time period until the end of the 2024 Annual General Meeting  in accordance with the Audit Committee's recommendation. Ernst & Young AB has notified that  provided that the Nomination Committee's proposal is adopted by the Annual General Meeting  authorized public accountant Hamish Mabon will remain appointed as auditor in charge.Johan Hjertonsson who is proposed as new Chairman of the Board of Directors (re-election as Board member) has been a member of the Board of Directors since 2021. Johan Hjertonsson is born 1968 and holds a Master of Science in Business and Economics from Lund University. Since 2019  Johan has been President and CEO of Investment AB Latour. He was previously President and CEO of AB Fagerhult and Lammhults Design Group AB and has held various management positions within the Electrolux Group. Johan is also Chairman of the Board of Hultafors Group AB  Caljan AS  Alimak Group AB  Latour Industries AB and Tomra Systems AS as well as Board member of Investment AB Latour and Sweco AB.Victoria Van Camp who is proposed as new member of the Board of Directors is born 1966 and holds a Master of Science in Mechanical Engineering and Doctor of Technology from Luleå Technical University. Since 2022 Victoria runs her own consulting firm Axa Consulting with focus on advising within technology development in order to accelerate green transition. Previously she has held a number of management positions within AB SKF during the years 1996–2022. Victoria is a Fellow of the Royal Swedish Academy of Engineering Sciences (IVA) since 2017. She is also a Board member of Billerud AB  SR Energy AB and the Chalmers foundation.More detailed information regarding the proposed members of the Board of Directors can be found in the Nomination Committee's proposal and motivated statement which are available at the company's website assaabloy.com/general-meeting.Item 14 – Resolution regarding instructions for appointment of Nomination Committee and the Nomination Committee's assignmentThe Nomination Committee proposes that the following instructions for appointment of Nomination Committee and the Nomination Committee's assignment are adopted by the Annual General Meeting. In comparison with the current instruction  the proposal includes certain clarifications in relation to the Swedish Corporate Governance Code.According to the Swedish Corporate Governance Code (the Code)  Swedish companies whose shares are traded on a regulated market in Sweden are to have a Nomination Committee.The Nomination Committee shall be composed of representatives of the five largest shareholders in terms of voting rights registered in the shareholders' register maintained by Euroclear Sweden AB as of August 31 the year before the Annual General Meeting1. The Chairman of the Board shall convene the Nomination Committee to its first meeting and shall also be co-opted to the Nomination Committee. Should a shareholder decline to participate in the Nomination Committee  a representative from the largest shareholder in turn shall be appointed. The composition of the Nomination Committee for the Annual General Meeting shall be publicly announced no later than six months prior to the Annual General Meeting.In the event one or more shareholders who appointed members of the Nomination Committee  earlier than three months prior to the Annual General Meeting  no longer are among the five largest shareholders in terms of voting rights  the members appointed by such shareholders shall resign and the shareholder or shareholders who has become one of the five largest shareholders in terms of voting rights shall be entitled to appoint their representatives. If there are only marginal changes in the number of votes held or if the change occurs later than three months prior to the Annual General Meeting  no changes shall be made in the composition of the Nomination Committee unless there are special circumstances. If a member resigns from the Nomination Committee before the work is completed and the Nomination Committee finds it suitable  a substitute shall be appointed. Such a substitute shall be appointed from the same shareholder or  if that shareholder no longer is among the largest shareholders in terms of voting rights  from the largest shareholder next in turn. A change in the composition of the Nomination Committee shall immediately be publicly announced.The term of office for the Nomination Committee runs until the next composition of the Nomination Committee has been announced. No remuneration shall be paid out to the members of the Nomination Committee. Any necessary expenses for the work of the Nomination Committee shall be paid by the company.The members of the Nomination Committee are to promote the common interests of all shareholders. The Nomination Committee shall carry out the duties set out in the Code and  when applicable  prepare proposals to a forthcoming General Meeting regarding the election of Chairman of the General Meeting  members of the Board of Directors  Chairman of the Board  Vice Chairman of the Board  Auditor  fees for the members of the Board including division between the Chairman  the Vice Chairman  and the other Board members  as well as fees for committee work  fees to the company's Auditor and any changes of the instructions for the Nomination Committee. This instruction shall apply until further notice.Item 15 – Resolution on approval of remuneration reportThe Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting resolves to approve the Board of Directors' report on remuneration pursuant to Chapter 8  Section 53 a of the Swedish Companies Act.Item 16 – Resolution regarding authorization to repurchase and transfer Series B shares in the companyThe Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting authorizes the Board of Directors to pass a resolution  on one or more occasions for the period up until the next Annual General Meeting  on repurchasing Series B shares in the company in accordance with the following.- The repurchase may as a maximum comprise so many Series B shares that the company after each repurchase holds a maximum of 10 percent of the total number of shares in the company.- The repurchase of Series B shares shall take place on Nasdaq Stockholm.- The repurchase of Series B shares on Nasdaq Stockholm may only occur at a price within the share price interval registered at that time  where share price interval means the difference between the highest buying price and the lowest selling price- Payment of the Series B shares shall be made in cash.Furthermore  the Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting authorizes the Board of Directors to pass a resolution  on one or more occasions for the period up until the next Annual General Meeting  on transferring Series B shares in the company in accordance with the following.- The maximum number of Series B shares to be transferred may not exceed the number of shares held by the company at the time of the Board of Directors resolution.- Transfers of Series B shares shall take place:(i) on Nasdaq Stockholm  or(ii) in connection with acquisition of companies or businesses  on market terms.- Transfers of Series B shares on Nasdaq Stockholm may only occur at a price within the share price interval registered at that time  where share price interval means the difference between the highest buying price and the lowest selling price.- The authorization includes the right to resolve on deviation of the preferential rights of shareholders and that payment may be made in other forms than cash.The purpose of the authorizations is to make possible the ability for the Board of Directors to continuously adapt the company's capital structure and thereby contribute to increased shareholder value  to be able to exploit attractive acquisition opportunities by fully or partly financing future acquisitions with the company's own shares  and to ensure the company's undertakings  including social security costs  in accordance with the Board of Directors' proposal for a long-term incentive program under Item 17.The Board of Directors has presented a motivated statement pursuant to Chapter 19  Section 22 of the Swedish Companies Act  the statement is available at the company and on the company's website assaabloy.com/general-meeting.The proposal in this Item 16 requires an approval of shareholders representing at least two-thirds of both the votes cast and the shares represented at the Annual General Meeting to be valid.Item 17 – Resolution regarding long-term incentive programSummary of the programThe Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting resolves to implement a new long-term incentive program for senior executives and key employees within the ASSA ABLOY Group (LTI 2023). LTI 2023 is based on similar principles as LTI 2020  LTI 2021 and LTI 2022.LTI 2023 is proposed to include a maximum of 150 senior executives and key employees within the ASSA ABLOY Group. In order to participate in LTI 2023 the participants will have to hold Series B shares in ASSA ABLOY within the scope of LTI 2023 (saving shares). For every saving share held  the company will grant so called performance awards free-of-charge in accordance with the terms stipulated below.The rationale for the proposalThe purpose of LTI 2023 is to strengthen the ASSA ABLOY Group's ability to retain and recruit competent employees  to contribute to ASSA ABLOY providing a total remuneration that is on market conditions and competitive  and to align the interests of the shareholders with the interests of the employees concerned. Through a share-based long-term incentive program  the employees' remuneration is tied to ASSA ABLOY's future earnings and value growth. In light of the above  the Board of Directors believes that the implementation of LTI 2023 will have a positive effect on the long-term value growth of the Group  including its sustainability  and consequently that LTI 2023 is beneficial to both the shareholders and the company.Personal investment in saving sharesIn order to participate in LTI 2023  the participants will have to hold saving shares. The saving shares can either be Series B shares in ASSA ABLOY that have vested or been used as saving shares under LTI 2020 or previous years' long-term incentive programs  or Series B shares in ASSA ABLOY purchased on the market in connection with the notification to participate in LTI 2023.The personal investment shall amount to a value corresponding to a minimum of 5 percent (all participants) and a maximum of 15 percent (CEO and other senior executives) or 10 percent (other participants)  respectively  of the participant's fixed base salary. If the participant has access to inside information and is therefore prevented from making the personal investment in connection with the application to participate in LTI 2023  the personal investment shall be made as soon as possible  but no later than before the next Annual General Meeting.For employees who have not participated in previous LTI programs  the participation in LTI 2023 is  in addition  subject to renunciation of customary salary review for the year 2023.Participants in LTI 2023 and allocationLTI 2023 is proposed to include a maximum of 150 senior executives and key employees within the ASSA ABLOY Group  divided in three categories.For each saving share that the CEO of the Group holds under LTI 2023  the company will grant six performance awards. For each saving share that other senior executives (currently nine individuals) hold under LTI 2023  each such individual will be awarded five performance awards. For each saving share that other participants (140 individuals) hold under LTI 2023  each such individual will be awarded four performance awards.Performance conditionThe number of performance awards that gives right to receive Series B shares in the company depends on the annual development of ASSA ABLOY's earnings per share2 based on the target levels  as defined by the Board of Directors  during the measurement period 1 January 2023 – 31 December 2025  where each year during the measurement period is compared to the previous year. The outcome is calculated yearly  whereby one third of the performance awards is measured against the outcome for 2023  one third is measured against the outcome for 2024 and one third is measured against the outcome for 2025.The outcome for each year is measured linearly. Unless the minimum level is achieved for the year  none of the relevant performance awards will give right to Series B shares  and if the maximum level is achieved each performance award linked to the relevant year will give right to one Series B share. The Board of Directors intends to present the fulfilment of the performance based condition in the Annual Report for the financial year 2025.Other conditionsIn addition to the above conditions  the following shall apply for the performance awards.- The performance awards shall be granted free-of-charge after the 2023 Annual General Meeting.- Each performance award entitles the holder to receive one Series B share free-of-charge three years after allotment of the award (vesting period)  provided that the holder  with some exceptions  at the time of the release of the interim report for the first quarter 2026 still is employed by the ASSA ABLOY Group and has maintained the saving shares held under LTI 2023.- To make the participants' interest equal with the shareholders'  the company will compensate the participants for distributed dividend during the vesting period by increasing the number of Series B shares that each performance award gives right to after the vesting period.- The performance awards are non-transferable and may not be pledged.- The performance awards can be granted by the company or by any other company within the Group.Preparation and administrationThe Board of Directors shall be responsible for preparing the detailed terms and conditions of LTI 2023  in accordance with the mentioned terms and guidelines. To this end  the Board of Directors shall be entitled to make adjustments to meet foreign regulations or market conditions. The Board of Directors may also make other adjustments if significant changes in the ASSA ABLOY Group  or its operating environment  would result in a situation where the decided terms and conditions for LTI 2023 no longer are appropriate.In the event that the Board of Directors considers that the delivery of Series B shares under LTI 2023 cannot be achieved at reasonable cost  with reasonable administrative efforts or due to specific market conditions  participants may instead be offered a cash settlement.Scope and cost of the programLTI 2023 may  if the share price for the company's Series B share remains the same during the program's term  result in a maximum amount corresponding to 90 percent (CEO)  75 percent (other senior executives) or 40 percent (other participants)  respectively  of the participants annual base salary (excluding social security costs). Such outcome is subject to a maximum personal investment  meaning that the participant must hold saving shares at a value that corresponds to 15 percent (CEO and other senior executives) or 10 percent (other participants)  respectively  of the participants annual base salary and that the performance based condition has been fully achieved. Full vesting is further subject to the saving shares being retained and that the participant  with some exceptions  is still employed during the vesting period.The total number of saving shares  which corresponds to the participant's total maximum personal investment  and thus the total number of performance awards being allotted  depends on the share price for the company's Series B share at the time of allotment of performance awards under LTI 2023. The total number of outstanding shares in the company amounts to 1 112 576 334 shares.Provided that the share price for the company's Series B share is traded at around SEK 246 at the time of allotment of performance awards under LTI 2023  LTI 2023 will  in accordance with the principles and assumptions set out above  comprise a maximum of 750 000 Series B shares in total  which corresponds to approximately 0.1 percent of the total outstanding shares and votes in the company.LTI 2023 shall be expensed as personnel costs over the vesting period. Provided that the performance based condition is fully achieved  the cost for LTI 2023 before tax is  in accordance with the principles and assumptions set out above  estimated to approximately SEK 170 million  allocated over the vesting period. Estimated social security costs and financing cost are included in such amount.The costs are expected to have marginal effect on key ratios of the ASSA ABLOY Group.The Board of Directors deems that the positive effects on earnings that are expected to result from increased share ownership among senior executives and persons in senior managerial positions  which may be further increased through LTI 2023  outweigh the costs related to LTI 2023.Delivery of shares under LTI 2023To ensure the delivery of Series B shares under LTI 2023  the company intends to enter into an agreement with a third party  under which the third party shall  in its own name  buy and transfer Series B shares in the company to the participants in accordance with LTI 2023.Preparation of the proposalLTI 2023 has been initiated by the Board of Directors of ASSA ABLOY  and has been structured in consultation with external advisers based on an evaluation of previous incentive programs. LTI 2023 has been prepared by the Remuneration Committee and reviewed at meetings of the Board of Directors.Previous incentive programsThe company's other share-based incentive programs LTI 2020  LTI 2021 and LTI 2022 are based on the similar principles as LTI 2023. For a description of LTI 2020  LTI 2021 and LTI 2022  reference is made to the Annual Report 2022  Note 35  and the company's website www.assaabloy.com.Shares and votesThe total number of shares in the company at the time for the notice to the Annual General Meeting amount to 1 112 576 334 shares  of which 57 525 969 are Series A shares and 1 055 050 365 Series B shares  which is equivalent to a total of 1 630 310 055 votes. ASSA ABLOY AB is holding at the time of the notice to the Annual General Meeting  1 800 000 own Series B shares  corresponding to 1 800 000 votes that may not be represented at the Annual General Meeting.Shareholders´ right to right to request informationThe Board of Directors and the CEO shall  if any shareholder so requests and the Board of Directors believes that it can be done without material harm to the company  at the Annual General Meeting provide information regarding circumstances that may affect the assessment of an item on the agenda and circumstances that can affect the assessment of the company's or its subsidiaries' financial situation and the company's relation to other companies within the Group and the Group accounts.Documentation etc.The Annual Report and the Auditor's Report  the Board of Directors' remuneration report and all other supporting documentation for the Annual General Meeting are available at the company and on the company's website assaabloy.com/general-meeting no later than three weeks before the Annual General Meeting. Further  the Nomination Committee's complete proposals including motivated statement  are available at the company and on the company's website assaabloy.com/general-meeting no later than four weeks before the Annual General Meeting.Copies of the documents will be sent free of charge to shareholders who so request and state their address to the company.Processing of personal dataFor information on how your personal data is processed  see:https://www.euroclear.com/dam/ESwithLegal/Privacy-notice-bolagsstammor-engelska.pdfThis notice is a translation of the Swedish notice and in case of any deviations between the language versions  the Swedish version shall prevail.Welcome!Stockholm in March 2023The Board of DirectorsASSA ABLOY AB (publ)For more information  please contact:Nico Delvaux  President and CEO  tel. no: +46 8 506 485 82Erik Pieder  CFO and Executive Vice President  tel. no: +46 8 506 485 72Björn Tibell  Head of Investor Relations  tel. no: +46 70 275 67 68About ASSA ABLOYThe ASSA ABLOY Group is the global leader in access solutions. The Group operates worldwide with 52 000 employees and sales of SEK 121 billion. The Group has leading positions in areas such as efficient door openings  trusted identities and entrance automation. ASSA ABLOY's innovations enable safe  secure and convenient access to physical and digital places. Every day  we help billions of people experience a more open world.[1] The shareholding statistics to be used shall be sorted by voting power (grouped by owners) and include the 25 largest direct registered shareholders in Sweden  i.e. shareholders with an account with Euroclear Sweden AB in their own name or shareholders holding a custody account with a nominee that has reported the identity of the shareholder to Euroclear Sweden AB.[2] Earnings per share is defined as the company's earnings per share after tax and dilution  excluding items affecting comparability and currency effects.The following files are available for download:https://mb.cision.com/Main/7333/3738622/1933790.pdf Press release (PDF)View original content: https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/notice-of-annual-general-meeting-in-assa-abloy-ab-301778608.htmlSOURCE ASSA ABLOY",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,positive,0.75,0.23,0.02,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'ASSA ABLOY AB', 'Notice', 'Melker Schörling AB', 'Stockholm Waterfront Congress Centre', 'Chairman Anders Mörck', 'Annual General Meeting minutes', 'Lars Renström', 'ASSA ABLOY AB', 'Investment AB Latour', 'Nils Ericsons Plan', 'P.O. Box', 'Mr. Nico Delvaux', 'long-term incentive program', 'Swedish Companies Act', '2023 Annual General Meeting', 'two equal installments', 'Euroclear Sweden AB', 'equivalent authorization document', 'Series B shares', 'corporate identification number', 'voting right registrations', 'The Nomination Committee', 'Consolidated Balance Sheet', 'Nominee registered shares', 'voting list', 'two persons', 'Annual Report', 'Consolidated Accounts', 'dated power', 'legal entity', 'senior executives', 'Mikael Ekdahl', 'first installment', 'Thursday 4 May', 'second installment', 'Thursday 16 November', 'Consolidated Statement', 'Wednesday 26 April', 'Tuesday 18 April', 'Thursday 20 April', 'record date', 'share register', 'Vice Chairman', 'other nominee', 'The Board', 'state name', 'motivated statement', 'telephone number', 'Proxy form', ""shareholders' register"", 'remuneration report', 'Directors proposal', 'March', 'Reg.', 'doors', 'notification', 'notice', 'participation', 'company', 'website', 'writing', 'mail', 'personal', 'address', 'names', 'assistants', 'attorney', 'original', 'request', 'certificate', 'bank', 'addition', 'order', 'accordance', 'routines', 'advance', 'Agenda', 'Opening', 'Election', 'Preparation', 'approval', 'Determination', 'Speech', 'President', 'CEO', 'Presentation', 'Auditor', 'Group', 'guidelines', 'distribution', 'profits', 'Resolutions', 'adoption', 'Income', 'dispositions', 'discharge', 'liability', 'members', 'fees', 'instructions', 'appointment', 'assignment', 'transfer', 'Closing', 'Item', '23 December', 'SEK', 'Chapter', 'Section', '3.30', '2.30', '9.', '11.', '12.']",2023-03-22,2023-03-23,marketscreener.com
21061,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/ATRIUM-LJUNGBERG-AB-PUBL-6491582/news/Atrium-Ljungberg-Annual-General-Meeting-in-Atrium-Ljungberg-AB-on-22-March-2023-43313338/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230322,Atrium Ljungberg : Annual General Meeting in Atrium Ljungberg AB on 22 March 2023,(marketscreener.com)  Annual General Meeting in Atrium Ljungberg AB on 22 March 2023   22 Mar 2023  18:30    At the Annual General Meeting in Atrium Ljungberg AB held on 22 March 2023 it was resolved to adopt the Annual Report for the financial year 2…,"22 Mar 2023  18:30At the Annual General Meeting in Atrium Ljungberg AB (the ""Company"") held on 22 March 2023 it was resolved to adopt the Annual Report for the financial year 2022. It was also resolved to discharge the members of the Board of Directors and the CEO from liability in respect of the financial year 2022.The Annual General Meeting resolved on a dividend to the shareholders in the amount of SEK 5.30 per share divided into two instalments of SEK 2 65 per share each. The record date for the first instalment shall be Friday 24 March 2023  and that the record date for the second instalment shall be Friday 29 September 2023.The dividend is expected to be paid via Euroclear Sweden AB on Wednesday 29 March 2023 and Wednesday 4 October 2023  respectively.The Annual General Meeting resolved that the Board of Directors for the period until the end of next Annual General Meeting shall consist of six ordinary members. It was resolved to re-elect the following members of the Board of Directors: Johan Ljungberg  Simon de Château  Conny Fogelström  Sara Laurell and Gunilla Berg. It was further resolved to new-elect Johan Thorell. Johan Ljungberg was re-elected as Chairman of the Board of Directors.The following persons will constitute the Nomination Committee for the Annual General Meeting 2023: Per-Erik Hasselberg (representing the Holmström family)  Lars Ericson (representing Konsumentföreningen Stockholm)  Anna Strömberg (representing Carnegie Fonder)  Johan Ljungberg (representing the Ljungberg family) and Risto Murto (representing Ömsesidiga arbetspensionsförsäkringsbolaget Varma).The Annual General Meeting approved the Board of Directors' report on remunerations for the financial year 2022.The Annual General Meeting resolved to authorise the Board of Directors during the period until the next Annual General Meeting on one or more occasions  to decide on the issue of new Class B shares corresponding to a maximum of 10 per cent of the Company's share capital with or without disapplying the shareholders' preferential rights. An issue may be made against cash payment  by set-off or by contribution in kind. In the case of disapplying shareholders' preferential rights  the shares will be issued at market terms and conditions.The Annual General Meeting resolved to authorise the Board of Directors  during the period until the next Annual General Meeting  to resolve on repurchasing so many Class B shares that the Company's holding at no time exceeds 10 per cent of all shares in the Company. Furthermore  the General Meeting resolved to authorize the Board of Directors until the next Annual General Meeting  to resolve on the transfer of own Class B shares. Transfers may be conducted on or outside Nasdaq Stockholm  including a right to resolve upon deviations from the shareholders' preferential rights. The transfer of shares outside Nasdaq Stockholm shall be made at a price in cash or value in property received that in all material respect corresponds to the share price at the time of the transfer of the Class B shares in the Company.The Annual General Meeting resolved that § 7 of the Articles of Association shall read as follows: ""One or two auditors and a maximum of two deputy auditors shall be appointed at the Annual General Meeting to audit the management of the Board of Directors and the Managing Director and the Company's accounts and annual report.""The Annual General Meeting approved that the Company extends and expands the loan subsidy programme for a maximum of seven Senior Executives of the Company. The programme involves a gross salary-based interest rate financing of loans for share purchases in the Company. The gross salary increase shall correspond to an amount  net of tax  equal to the interest expense incurred in connection with taking out a loan with a bank designated by the Company for the purpose of financing the purchase of Class B shares in the Company on Nasdaq Stockholm. The gross salary increase is conditional on continued employment and may be available for a maximum of five years. Furthermore  the gross salary increase shall cease if the shares acquired with the support of the financing are disposed of. The gross salary increase can at most correspond to interest compensation for a loan of SEK 2.5 million for Senior Executives of the Company. However  a maximum loan amount of SEK 6 million applies to the Managing Director.Nacka  22 March 2023Atrium Ljungberg AB (publ)The Board of DirectorsPress release",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.34,0.66,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'Atrium Ljungberg', '22 March', 'Ömsesidiga arbetspensionsförsäkringsbolaget Varma', 'gross salary-based interest rate financing', 'Simon de Château', 'next Annual General Meeting', 'The Annual General Meeting', 'many Class B shares', 'new Class B shares', 'gross salary increase', 'Euroclear Sweden AB', 'Conny Fogelström', 'Anna Strömberg', 'Holmström family', ""shareholders' preferential rights"", 'Atrium Ljungberg AB', 'Konsumentföreningen Stockholm', 'six ordinary members', 'seven Senior Executives', 'two deputy auditors', 'loan subsidy programme', 'Annual Report', 'maximum loan amount', 'interest expense', 'interest compensation', 'Ljungberg family', 'two auditors', 'The Board', 'two instalments', 'Johan Ljungberg', 'Nasdaq Stockholm', 'financial year', 'record date', 'first instalment', 'second instalment', 'Wednesday 4 October', 'following members', 'Sara Laurell', 'Gunilla Berg', 'Johan Thorell', 'following persons', 'Nomination Committee', 'Per-Erik Hasselberg', 'Carnegie Fonder', 'Risto Murto', '10 per cent', 'market terms', 'Managing Director', 'continued employment', 'five years', 'Press release', 'share capital', 'share purchases', 'cash payment', 'material respect', 'Wednesday 29 March', ""Directors' report"", 'share price', '22 March', 'Company', 'CEO', 'liability', 'SEK', 'September', 'period', 'end', 'elect', 'Chairman', 'Lars', 'Ericson', 'remunerations', 'one', 'occasions', 'issue', 'set-off', 'contribution', 'kind', 'case', 'conditions', 'time', 'transfer', 'deviations', 'value', 'property', 'Articles', 'Association', 'management', 'accounts', 'loans', 'net', 'tax', 'connection', 'bank', 'purpose', 'support', 'Nacka']",2023-03-22,2023-03-23,marketscreener.com
21062,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/BICO-GROUP-AB-PUBL-61747234/news/BICO-Corporate-Governance-Report-2022-43307143/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230322,BICO : Corporate Governance Report 2022,(marketscreener.com)    CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT   Corporate Governance Report      This Corporate Governance Report was prepared for BICO Group AB   corporate identity number 559050-5052  for the 2022 financial year  pursuant to Chapter 6  Sec…,"BICO : Corporate Governance Report 2022 03/22/2023 | 05:11am EDT Send by mail :Name : First name : From * : To * : (You can enter multiple email addresses separated by commas) Message : * Required fields CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT Corporate Governance Report This Corporate Governance Report was prepared for BICO Group AB (publ)  corporate identity number 559050-5052  for the 2022 financial year  pursuant to Chapter 6  Sections 6-9 of the Swedish Annual Accounts Act. Introduction and principles of corporate governance BICO Group AB (""BICO"") is a Swedish public limited liability company based in Gothenburg and its Series B shares are listed on Nasdaq Stockholm. BICO's corporate governance is based on the Swedish Companies Act  the Swedish Annual Accounts Act  the Nasdaq Stockholm Rule Book for Issuers  internal rules and the Swedish Corporate Governance Code (the ""Code""). General meeting Nomination Committee Board of Directors Auditor 8 members Remuneration Committee Audit Committee 3 members 3 members CEO and Group management BICO applies any rules provided by laws or other statutes  as well as the Code. To the extent BICO deviates from the Code  the Company adheres to the ""comply or explain"" mechanism permitted under the Code for deviations from the rules. BICO complied with the Code in all respects in the 2022 financial year. Corporate governance structure At general meetings  the shareholders make the appointments and adopt the guidelines that form the basis for BICO's corporate governance. The organization chart below summarizes BICO's corporate governance structure. Governance instruments External governance instruments that set the scope for BICO's corporate governance include the Swedish Companies Act  the Swedish Annual Accounts Act  the Nasdaq Stock- holm Rule Book for Issuers  the Code and other relevant laws. Foreign subsidiaries comply with the applicable laws and regulations in their respective country  but they also ensure compliance with the Group's guidelines for governance and control. The Board of Directors is ultimately responsible for the organization and management of the Company's affairs. Supervision is performed by authorities and bodies appointed by the authorities  both through the Company's reporting to them and through regular audits by the authorities. The internal governance instruments include the Articles of Association as adopted by the Annual General Meeting and the Rules of Procedure for the Board of Directors and the instructions to the CEO  the Board's committees and the financial reporting. Annual General Meeting The shareholders of BICO exercise their right to resolve on the Company's affairs at the Annual General Meeting or  where applicable  at an Extraordinary General Meeting. The general meeting is the highest decision-making body of BICO. The Annual General Meeting shall be held within six months after the end of each financial year. The Annual General Meeting passes resolutions regarding the Articles of Association appoints the Board of Directors and the Chairman of the Board  elects the auditor  adopts the income statement and balance sheet  resolves on the appropriation of profits and discharge from liability  and resolves on the principles for the appointment of the Nomination Committee and adopts guidelines for remuneration to senior executives  etc. Each shareholder has the right to be present at the Annual General Meeting  in person or by proxy. Each shareholder has the right to raise issues to be addressed at the Annual General Meeting  and each shareholder is entitled to vote for all shares held by him or her. Notices of meetings and other information prior to general meetings are available at BICO's website. The fact that a meeting has been convened shall also be advertised in the Swedish business daily  Dagens industri. Shareholders who wish to have a matter addressed at the Annual General Meeting should make a written request to the Board of Directors. The request must normally be made to the Board of Directors well in advance of the Annual General Meeting  in accordance with the information provided on BICO GROUP AB (PUBL) ANNUAL REPORT / 2022 105 CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT BICO's website in connection with the publication of the time and place of the Annual General Meeting. Shareholders BICO's Series B shares have been listed on Nasdaq Stockholm since April 20  2020. According to the share register kept by Euroclear Sweden  there were 26 016 shareholders in BICO per December 30  2022. The share capital was SEK 1 762 372  divided into 70 494 895 shares  of which 1 500 000 were Series A shares  which confer 10 votes per share  and 68 994 895 were Series B shares  which confer 1 vote per share. Per December 31  2022  Erik Gatenholm held 13.19 percent of the total number of shares and 20.17 percent of the votes. Per December 31  2022  Lab Holding GmbH held 10.11 percent of the total number of shares and 8.48 percent of the votes. Per December 31  2022  Héctor Martínez held 8.96 percent of the total number of shares and 13.61 percent of the votes. No other shareholder held a direct or indirect stake representing ten percent or more of the votes for all shares in BICO. 2022 Annual General Meeting BICOs 2022 Annual General Meeting (in respect of the 2021 financial year) was held on April 26  2022. Approximately 66.10 percent of the votes were represented at the Annual General Meeting. Resolutions passed at the Annual General Meeting included the following (in addition to matters ordinarily dealt with by the Annual General Meeting): To authorize the Board of Directors to resolve  on one or more occasions until the end of the next Annual General Meeting  to issue new shares corresponding to no more than 10 percent of the registered share capital in the Company at the time of the resolution regarding the issue. Extraordinary general meeting held in 2022 In 2022  BICO held an extraordinary general meeting on De- cember 14  2022. At the extraordinary general meeting  it was resolved to establish a new long-term incentive program for employees of the BICO Group (Co-worker LTIP 2022) through a directed issue of no more than 2 500 000 warrants in total. 2023 Annual General Meeting BICO's 2023 Annual General Meeting will be held on May 9  2023. Nomination Committee BICO's Annual General Meeting adopts principles for the appointment of members of the Nomination Committee and instructions to the Nomination Committee. The 2021 Annual General Meeting resolved that the Nomination Committee shall comprise five members  one of whom shall be the Chairman of the Board. The other members shall be appointed by the four largest shareholders (in terms of voting rights) in the Company per the end of September. If the Chairman of the Board  directly or indirectly  is one of the four largest shareholders  the Chairman of the Board shall refrain from nominating a member to the Nomination Committee. The principles also include a procedure for the replacement of a member who resigns prematurely from the Nomination Committee or a member who no longer represents one of the four largest shareholders in terms of voting rights. The Nomination Committee did not propose any changes to the instructions at the 2022 Annual General Meeting  which means that the above principles remain unchanged. The names of the members of the Nomination Committee shall be presented no later than six months before the 2022 Annual General Meeting. The composition of the Nomination Committee from time to time will be published on BICO's website. A press release stating the composition of the Nomination Committee and setting out the procedure for shareholder proposals to the Nomination Committee was published on October 28  2022. It was also made available on BICO's website. The following members of the Nomination Committee were appointed: Mats Engström (appointed by Erik Gatenholm)  Claes Dinkelspiel (appointed by Héctor Martín- ez)  Malin Björkmo (appointed by Handelsbanken Fonder)  Jannis Kitsakis (appointed by the Fourth Swedish National Pension Fund) and Carsten Browall (Chairman of the Board of BICO). The nominating shareholders represented approximately 39 percent of the votes in BICO. The Nomination Committee shall submit proposals to the 2023 Annual General Meeting regarding the election of the Chairman of the Annual General Meeting  the number of Board members  the election of the Chairman of the Board and other members of the Board  Board fees and remuneration for committee work  election of auditors  fees to auditors and  where applicable  changes to the instructions to the Nomination Committee. The Nomination Committee has considered diversity issues in its work and used Rule 4.1 of the Code as its diversity policy. BICO's Board of Directors comprises three women and five men. Consequently  the Nomination Committee notes that the proposed Board of Directors does not meet the Code's goal of an equal gender distribution. Nevertheless  the proportion of women on the Board of Directors has grown from 29 to 38 percent  and the Nomination Committee will keep striving to meet the Code's goal. The Nomination Committee deems that the proposed Board of Directors  which consists of eight individuals  has a composition that it appropriate to the Company's operations  phase of development and other relevant circumstances. When the independence of the proposed Board members was consid- ered  the Nomination Committee found that its proposal for the composition of the Board of Directors of BICO meets the Code's independence requirement. Auditor The auditors of BICO are elected at the Annual General Meet- ing. The 2022 Annual General Meeting adopted the Nomination Committee's proposal for the re-election of Deloitte AB with Fredrik Jonsson  Authorized Public Accountant  as auditor in charge. Audit work The auditor shall review the Company's annual report and accounts and the administration by the Board of Directors and 106 BICO GROUP AB (PUBL) ANNUAL REPORT / 2022 CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT the CEO. After the end of each financial year  the auditor shall submit an auditor's report and an auditor's report for the Group to the Annual General Meeting. According to BICO's Articles of Association  BICO shall have at least one auditor and no more than one deputy auditor. The auditor in charge has reported his observations from the audit work to the Board of Directors and to the Audit Com- mittee. In connection with the audit work described above  the annual report  the accounts and the administration by the Board of Directors and the CEO were reviewed. In addition to the audit assignment  which is paid according to customary charging standards  Deloitte AB also provided consultations and audit-related services for approximately SEK 0.1 million in the financial year. Board of Directors According to the Articles of Association  the Board of Directors of BICO shall consist of no less than three and no more than eight members  with no deputies. At the end of the 2022 financial year  the Board of Directors of BICO comprised eight members  elected by the general meeting. The Board of Directors complies with written Rules of Procedure that are revised annually and adopted at the statutory Board meeting held every year. The Rules of Procedure include rules on Board practices  functions and the division of work between the Board members and the CEO. In connection with the statutory Board meeting  the Board of Directors also adopts instructions to the CEO  including on financial Independence According to the Code  The majority of the Board members elected by the shareholders' meeting should be independent of the Company and its executive management  and at least two of these Board members should also be independent in relation to the Company's major shareholders. BICO's Board of Directors is considered to meet the Code's independence requirements  as seven of the members elected by the general meeting are considered independent in relation to the Company  its executive management and its major shareholders. In 2022  all Board members elected by the general meeting were independent in relation to the Company  its executive management and its major shareholders  with the exception of Board member Erik Gatenholm  as he is both the CEO and the largest shareholder of the Company. The work and responsibilities of the Board of Directors At the 2022 Annual General Meeting  eight ordinary Board members with expertise in medical technology and the fields of finance and strategy were elected. The Company's General Counsel  Lotta Bus  was the secretary of the Board during the year. In 2022  25 Board meetings were held (35 meetings during the 2021 financial year)  all of which were minuted. The CEO and the CFO presented matters at the Board meetings. On a couple of occasions  other members of the Group management also presented matters. The Board of Directors oversees the work of the CEO and is responsible for ensuring that the organization  management  and guidelines for the Company's funds are appropriately structured. The Board of Directors is also responsible for ensuring that the Company is organized in such a way that there is appropriate internal control and appropriate systems for follow-up of the Company's operations and risks  and for compliance with laws  regulations and internal guidelines. The Board of Directors is further responsible for the development and follow-up of the Company's strategies through plans and goals  decisions on corporate acquisitions and divestments  major investments  appointments and remuneration to the management along with ongoing follow-up during the year. The Board of Directors adopts the budget and year-end accounts. The work of the Board of Directors in 2022 In 2022  the Board showed great dedication and drive during the turbulent year. At the ordinary meetings  the Board of Directors addressed fixed agenda items as per its annual plan  such as strategy for the Group and its three business areas  long-term goals  financial targets  risks and risk management  corporate governance documents  sustainability issues  year- end accounts and interim reports. Over the year  the Board of Directors also regularly discussed the business situation in the Group's three business areas  financial targets  financing  cost savings  partnerships  ethics and compliance and overarching reporting. Evaluation of the work of the Board of Directors The Board of Directors annually conducts a systematic evaluation during which the members are given the opportunity to present their views on the working methods  documentation and their own and the other members' efforts in connection with the work of the Board of Directors. The purpose is to improve the work of the Board of Directors and provide the Nomination Committee with relevant documentation for decisions prior to the Annual General Meeting. Elect- Attendance at Remuneration Audit Com- Total remuner- ed Board meetings Committee mittee ation Carsten Browall 2018 25/25 3/3 12/12 710 Rolf Classon1 2022 13/25 1/3 285 Ulrika Dellby2 2022 15/25 9/12 300 Erik Gatenholm 2016 25/25 0 Aristotelis Nastos3 2020 9/25 2/3 0 Bengt Sjöholm4 2016 24/25 2/12 250 Helena Skåntorp 2019 24/25 12/12 350 Susan Tousi 2021 22/25 250 Christian Wildmoser 2019 24/25 3/3 285 1 Rolf Classon was elected to the Board of Directors at the Annual General Meeting held on April 26  2022. 2 Ulrika Dellby was elected to the Board of Directors at the Annual General Meeting held on April 26  2022. 3 Aristotelis Nastos declined re-election as a board member at the Annual General Meeting held on April 26  2022. 4 Bengt Sjöholm was a member of the Audit Committee until the Annual General Meeting held on April 26  2022. BICO GROUP AB (PUBL) ANNUAL REPORT / 2022 107 CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT organizational matters. The Board of Directors gained regular insight into the operations  either through physical visits to subsidiaries or through presentations from business area managers and CEOs of subsidiaries. In addition to scheduled Board meetings  the Board of Directors is provided with monthly reports from the CEO. Rules of Procedure of the Board of Directors Prior to each Board meeting  the draft agenda and supporting documents on the matters to be addressed at the meeting are distributed. The draft agenda is prepared by the CEO in consultation with the Chairman of the Board. Matters presented to the Board of Directors are presented for information  discussion or decision purposes. Resolutions are not passed until the matters have been discussed and each Board member present has been given the opportunity to make a statement. The broad experience of the Board of Directors in various areas ensures a constructive and open discussion. During the year  no Board member made a reservation against a resolution. Open matters are followed up on an ongoing basis. Committees of the Board of Directors The Board has the full knowledge of  and is responsible for  all matters on its agenda. Over the year  work was carried out by two committees appointed by the Board of Directors: the Audit Committee and the Remuneration Committee. Audit Committee The Board of Directors has appointed an Audit Committee consisting of Helena Skåntorp (chair)  Ulrika Dellby and Bengt Sjöholm. The tasks of the Audit Committee are set out in its rules of procedure  which are adopted annually. Without prejudice to the general responsibilities and tasks of the Board of Directors  the Audit Committee shall monitor BICO's financial reporting  monitor the effectiveness of BICO's internal control and risk management  stay informed of the audit of the annual accounts and consolidated accounts  monitor the handling of related party transactions  review and monitor the auditor's impartiality and independence  with particular attention to whether the auditor provides the Company with services other than audit services  and assist in preparations to procure audit services. The auditor  who is elected by the general meeting  attends most of the Committee's meetings. The Committee also reviews its own work and that of the external auditors annually. The reviews are based on question- naires  which are then discussed by the Committee as part of a continuous improvement process. Remuneration Committee The Board of Directors has appointed a Remuneration Committee consisting of Carsten Browall (chairman)  Christian Wildmoser and Rolf Classon. The tasks of the Remuneration Committee are set out in its rules of procedure  which are adopted annually. The Remuneration Committee shall prepare proposals regarding remuneration principles  remuneration to and other terms of employment for the Company's senior ex- ecutives. The Remuneration Committee shall also review and evaluate the Company's program for variable remuneration to senior executives  compliance with the guidelines for remuneration to senior executives adopted by the Annual General Meeting  and the Company's current remuneration levels and structures. The Chief Executive Officer (CEO) In accordance with the rules of the Swedish Companies Act and other legislation  the CEO is responsible for the day-today management in accordance with the Board of Director's guidelines and instructions and should take care of any necessary measures to ensure that the Company's accounts are handled in a satisfactory manner. The CEO shall further ensure that the Board of Directors is provided regularly with the information required by the Board of Directors to adequately monitor the Company and the Group's financial situation  position and development and otherwise meet its reporting obligation regarding financial conditions. The CEO is also responsible for preparing reports  compiling information from the Group management prior to Board meetings and presenting the information at the Board meet- ings. The CEO shall keep the Board of Directors continuously informed of the development of the Company's operations and sales  the Company's performance and financial position  liquidity and credit situation  important business events and any other event  circumstance or situation that is likely to be of material importance to the Company's shareholders. Guidelines for remuneration to senior executives At the Annual General Meeting on April 26  2021  it was resolved to adopt guidelines for remuneration to senior executives. The term senior executives refer to the CEO  the CFO and certain other people in the Group management. The guidelines  which must be updated at least every four years  essentially entail the following: Remuneration shall be market-based and may consist of a fixed salary  variable cash remuneration  pension benefits and other benefits. The general meeting may also decide on share- based remuneration and remuneration linked to the share price. The fixed salary shall be based on the individual's areas of responsibility and experience and shall be reviewed annual- ly. The remuneration guidelines are available in their entirety on the Company's website. The meeting of the criteria for payment of variable cash remuneration shall be measurable over a period of one or several years. The variable cash remuneration must not exceed 100 percent of the fixed cash salary during the measurement period. Additional variable remuneration may be payable under extraordinary circumstances. The CEO's pension benefits shall be according to a defined contribution plan. Pension benefits for other senior executives shall be according to defined contribution plans unless the executive is covered by a defined benefit plan under the compulsory provisions of a collective bargaining agreement. Pension premiums for defined contribution plans must not exceed 31 percent of the fixed annual salary. Other benefits may include life insurance  health insurance and car insurance. Such premiums must not exceed 5 percent of the fixed annual cash salary. If the Company terminates the employment  the notice period must not exceed 12 months. Fixed salary and severance pay during the notice period must not exceed an amount corresponding to the fixed salary for 12 months. If the employment is terminated by the senior executive  the notice period may not exceed six months and shall not confer a right to severance pay. 108 BICO GROUP AB (PUBL) ANNUAL REPORT / 2022 CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT As mentioned previously  a Remuneration Committee has been established by the Board of Directors. The Committee's duties include preparing the Board of Directors' decisions on proposals for guidelines for remuneration to senior executives. The Board of Directors shall prepare proposals for new guidelines at least every four years and present the proposals for adoption by the Annual General Meeting. The Remuneration Committee shall also monitor and evaluate programs for variable remuneration to the Group management  the application of the guidelines for remuneration to senior executives and prevailing remuneration structures and remuneration levels in the Company. The Board of Directors may temporarily resolve to deviate from the guidelines  wholly or in part  if there are special reasons to do so in the individual case and it is necessary to serve the Company's long-term interests  including its sustainability  or to ensure the Company's financial viability. For information on the year's remuneration to senior executives  see Note 6. Further information is available on bico.com. Articles of AssociationInformation from previous annual general meetings (notic- es  documentation  minutes  etc.)Information about the Nomination Committee Internal control systems Pursuant to the Swedish Companies Act and the Code  the Board of Directors is responsible for internal control in the Company. According to the Swedish Annual Accounts Act  the Corporate Governance Report shall also include information on the most important elements of the Company's system for internal control and risk management in connection with the financial reporting. In addition  the Board of Directors is responsible for ensuring that there are suitable systems for monitoring and controlling the Compa- ny's operations and the risks associated with the Company and its operations. The overall purpose of internal control is to ensure with reasonable certainty that the Company's operational strategies and goals are followed up and that the shareholders' investments are protected. The internal control shall also ensure that it is reasonably certain that the external financial reporting is reliable and prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles and complies with applicable laws and regulations  and requirements on publicly listed companies. BICO's internal control structure is mainly based on the following five components: Control environmentRisk assessmentControl activitiesFollow-upInformation and communication Control environment The Board of Directors has adopted several policy documents for the Company's internal control and governance  including the Rules of Procedure for the Board of Directors and instructions to the CEO and the committees of the Board of Direc- tors  reporting instructions and an instruction for financial reporting  all of which aim to ensure a clear division of roles and responsibilities. The Board of Directors has the overall responsibility for internal control with regard financial reporting. To create and maintain a functioning control environment  the Board of Directors has adopted several policies and governance documents that govern the financial reporting. These consist mainly of the Rules of Procedure for the Board  the Instructions to the CEO  the Rules of Procedure for the Audit Committee and the Instructions for Financial Reporting. The Instructions for Financial Reporting include principles  guidelines and process descriptions for accounting and financial reporting aimed at ensuring good internal control. The CEO is responsible for ensuring an effective control environment and for the continuous work on internal control and risk management. The CEO reports to the Board of Directors based on established procedures. The CEO is also responsible for internal activity-specific control in the day-to-day opera- tions. Risk assessment The risk assessment includes identifying risks that may arise if the fundamental requirements on financial reporting in the Company are not met. BICO's Group management has prepared a special risk register  in which they have identified and evaluated the risks arising in the Company's operations and evaluated how to manage these risks. Every year  BICO's Group management shall carry out an overall risk assessment of strategic  operational and financial risks and present these to the Audit Committee and Board of Directors. The CEO is responsible for the presentation  and the Group' manage- ment's risk assessment shall be reviewed annually by the CFO before being presented to the Audit Committee and Board of Directors. The Board of Director's Audit Committee is primarily responsible for continuously evaluating the Company's risk situation  after which the Board also conducts an annual review and assesses the risk situation. Control activities Control activities limit the identified risks and ensure an accurate and reliable financial reporting. The Board of Directors is responsible for internal control and follow-up of the Group management. This is done through internal and external control activities and by reviewing and following up on the Company's risk-related policy documents. The effectiveness of the control activities is evaluated annually  and the results of these evaluations are reported to the Board of Directors and the Audit Committee. According to agreements with important suppliers  the Company is guaranteed the right to review each supplier's delivery of services  including any quality aspects thereof. Ongoing work and measures for 2023 In 2022  BICO focused on the group's internal control in the form of renewed risk assessments  relevant key controls and process reviews. BICO has updated finance manuals and communicated the updated processes to subsidiaries to ensure good internal control. BICO will continue with this work in 2023 and will add additional resources to these efforts. BICO GROUP AB (PUBL) ANNUAL REPORT / 2022 109 Attachments Original LinkOriginal DocumentPermalink Disclaimer BICO Group AB published this content on 22 March 2023 and is solely responsible for the information contained therein. Distributed by Public  unedited and unaltered  on 22 March 2023 09:10:09 UTC.© Publicnow 2023 All news about BICO GROUP AB (PUBL) 03/22 Bico : Corporate Governance Report 2022 PU 03/17 BICO Publishes Annual Report and Sustainability Report 2022 AQ 02/27 BICO introduces new life sciences manufacturing platform integrating ABB Robotics techn.. AQ 02/24 Discover Echo Launches New Confocal Microscope for High-Resolution Imaging AQ 02/22 Transcript : BICO Group AB  2022 Earnings Call  Feb 22  2023 CI 02/22 Publication of year-end Report January – December 2022 AQ 02/22 BICO Group AB Provides Earnings Guidance for the Year 2023 CI 02/22 BICO Group AB Reports Earnings Results for the Fourth Quarter and Full Year Ended Decem.. CI 02/21 BICO announces goodwill impairment related to post-pandemic downturn in Ginolis AQ 02/13 Invitation to presentation of BICO's Year-end results 2022 AQ",neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['Corporate Governance Report', 'BICO', 'Nasdaq Stock- holm Rule Book', 'CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT Corporate Governance Report', 'Swedish public limited liability company', 'Héctor Martínez', 'Nasdaq Stockholm Rule Book', 'Swedish Annual Accounts Act', 'Remuneration Committee Audit Committee', 'The Annual General Meeting', '105 CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT BICO', 'Swedish Corporate Governance Code', 'Swedish Companies Act', 'Swedish business daily', 'PUBL) ANNUAL REPORT', 'Corporate governance structure', 'multiple email addresses', 'highest decision-making body', 'External governance instruments', 'Extraordinary General Meeting', 'corporate identity number', 'internal governance instruments', 'Series B shares', 'Series A shares', 'other relevant laws', 'Nomination Committee Board', 'BICO Group AB', 'Directors Auditor 8 members', 'The Board', 'general meetings', 'other statutes', 'total number', '2022 financial year', 'Foreign subsidiaries', 'applicable laws', 'respective country', 'regular audits', 'six months', 'income statement', 'balance sheet', 'senior executives', 'Dagens industri', 'Euroclear Sweden', 'Erik Gatenholm', 'Holding GmbH', 'Group management', 'internal rules', 'other information', 'First name', '3 members CEO', 'organization chart', 'financial reporting', 'written request', 'share register', 'share capital', 'other shareholder', 'Shareholders BICO', '70,494,895 shares', '26,016 shareholders', '11am', 'commas', 'Message', 'fields', 'Chapter', 'Sections', 'Introduction', 'principles', 'Gothenburg', 'Issuers', 'extent', 'mechanism', 'deviations', 'respects', 'appointments', 'guidelines', 'basis', 'scope', 'regulations', 'compliance', 'control', 'affairs', 'Supervision', 'authorities', 'bodies', 'Articles', 'Association', 'Procedure', 'instructions', 'committees', 'right', 'end', 'resolutions', 'Chairman', 'appropriation', 'profits', 'discharge', 'person', 'proxy', 'issues', 'Notices', 'website', 'fact', 'matter', 'advance', 'accordance', 'connection', 'publication', 'time', 'place', 'April', 'December', '10 votes', '1 vote', '13.19 percent', '20.17 percent', 'Lab', '10.11 percent', '8.48 percent', '8.96 percent', '13.61 percent']",2023-03-22,2023-03-23,marketscreener.com
21063,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/SANDVIK-AB-PUBL-120788013/news/Annual-General-Meeting-of-Sandvik-Aktiebolag-43307316/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230322,Annual General Meeting of Sandvik Aktiebolag,(marketscreener.com) STOCKHOLM  March 22  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- The shareholders in Sandvik Aktiebolag are convened to the Annual General Meeting to be held on Thursday  April 27  2023 at 4:00 p.m. at the Göransson Arena  Sätragatan 21  Sandviken  Sweden.Re…,"Annual General Meeting of Sandvik Aktiebolag 03/22/2023 | 05:35am EDT Send by mail :Name : First name : From * : To * : (You can enter multiple email addresses separated by commas) Message : * Required fields STOCKHOLM  March 22  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- The shareholders in Sandvik Aktiebolag are convened to the Annual General Meeting to be held on Thursday  April 27  2023 at 4:00 p.m. at the Göransson Arena  Sätragatan 21  Sandviken  Sweden. Registration will begin at 2:30 p.m. The award of the Wilhelm Haglund medal and the Sandvik Sustainability Award in Memory of Sigrid Göransson will take place at approx. 3:30 p.m. Coffee and tea will be served. RIGHT TO PARTICIPATE AND Notice There are two ways for shareholders to participate in the Meeting: (i) attending the Meeting in person or by proxy  or (ii) participating by postal voting. In either case  if the shares are registered in the name of a nominee  they must be temporarily re-registered in the name of the shareholder (as further described below). Participation in person or by proxy Shareholders who wish to attend the Meeting in person or by proxy must: be recorded as shareholder in the share register maintained by Euroclear Sweden AB on Wednesday  April 19  2023   and  and give notice of their intention to participate in the Meeting  not later than Friday  April 21  2023   according to the instructions below. Notice of participation in the Meeting shall be made on the Company's website home.sandvik   by telephone +46 (0)26-26 09 40 weekdays 9:00 a.m.–4:00 p.m. or by letter to Computershare AB  ""Sandvik's AGM""  Box 5267  SE-102 46 Stockholm  Sweden. When giving notice of participation  please state name  personal or corporate registration number  address and telephone number and the number of assistants (maximum two)  if any. If participation in the Meeting is by proxy  a written and dated proxy signed by the shareholder must be submitted to the address stated above in advance of the Meeting. Proxy forms are available on the Company's website. A proxy issued by a legal entity must be accompanied by a registration certificate or other authorization document. To facilitate registration at the Meeting  the proxy as well as the registration certificate or other authorization document should be received by the Company at the above address not later than Friday  April 21  2023. Postal voting The Board of Directors has decided that shareholders should be able to exercise their voting rights by postal voting. Shareholders who wish to participate in the Meeting by postal voting must: be recorded as shareholder in the share register maintained by Euroclear Sweden AB on Wednesday  April 19  2023   and  and give notice of their intention to participate in the Meeting by submitting their postal votes  not later than Friday  April 21  2023   according to the instructions below. A special form must be used for the postal vote. The form for postal voting is available on the Company's website home.sandvik. The completed and signed form for postal voting shall be sent by e-mail to info@computershare.se or by post to Computershare AB  ""Sandvik's AGM""  Box 5267  SE-102 46 Stockholm  Sweden. Completed forms must be received by Computershare not later than Friday  April 21  2023. Shareholders may also cast their votes electronically through verification with BankID via the Company's website home.sandvik. Such electronic votes must also be submitted not later than Friday  April 21  2023. The shareholders may not provide special instructions or conditions to the postal vote. If so  the entire postal vote is invalid. Further instructions and conditions can be found in the postal voting form. If a shareholder submits its postal vote through a representative  a written and dated proxy signed by the shareholder must be attached to the postal voting form. Proxy forms are available on the Company's website. A proxy issued by a legal entity must be accompanied by a registration certificate or other authorization document. Shareholders who wish to attend the Meeting in person or by proxy must give notice to the Company in accordance with the instructions under ""Participation in person or by proxy"" above. This means that a notice of participation by postal voting only is not enough for a shareholder who wants to attend the Meeting in person or by proxy. Shares registered in the name of a nominee Shareholders whose shares are registered in the name of a nominee must  to be entitled to participate in the Meeting (including via postal voting)  temporarily have re-registered the shares in their own name so that the shareholder is registered in the share register as of Wednesday  April 19  2023. Please note that this procedure also applies with respect to shares held on a bank's shareholder deposit account and certain investment savings accounts. Request for such voting rights registration shall be made to the nominee  in accordance with the nominee's routines  at such time in advance as decided by the nominee. Voting rights registration that has been made by the nominee not later than Friday  April 21  2023 will be taken into account in the preparation of the share register. Agenda Opening of the Meeting. Election of Chairman of the Meeting. Preparation and approval of the voting list. Election of one or two persons to verify the minutes. Approval of the agenda. Examination of whether the Meeting has been duly convened. Presentation of the Annual Report  Auditor's Report and the Group Accounts and Auditor's Report for the Group. Speech by the President and CEO. Resolution in respect of adoption of the Profit and Loss Account  Balance Sheet  Consolidated Profit and Loss Account and Consolidated Balance Sheet. Resolution in respect of discharge from liability of the Board members and the President for the period to which the accounts relate. Resolution in respect of allocation of the Company's result in accordance with the adopted Balance Sheet and resolution on record day. Determination of the number of Board members and Auditors. Determination of fees to the Board of Directors and Auditor. Election of Board members: Jennifer Allerton Claes Boustedt Marika Fredriksson Johan Molin Andreas Nordbrandt Helena Stjernholm Stefan Widing Kai Wärn Election of Chairman of the Board. Election of Auditor. Presentation and approval of the Board's remuneration report. Resolution on a long-term incentive program (LTI 2023). Authorization on acquisition of the Company's own shares. Closing of the Meeting. PROPOSALS FOR RESOLUTIONS Item 2 – Election of Chairman of the Meeting The Nomination Committee consists of its Chairman Fredrik Lundberg (AB Industrivärden)  Anna Magnusson (Alecta)  Marianne Nilsson (Swedbank Robur Funds)  Lars Pettersson (Lundbergs) and Johan Molin (Sandvik's Chairman of the Board). The Nomination Committee proposes attorney Patrik Marcelius as Chairman of the Meeting or  in the event he is prevented from participating  the person appointed by the Nomination Committee. Item 3 – Preparation and approval of the voting list The voting list proposed for approval is the voting list drawn up by Computershare on behalf of the Company  based on the Annual General Meeting's share register  shareholders having given notice of participation and being present at the meeting venue  and postal votes received. Item 11 – Dividend and record day The Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting resolve on a dividend of SEK 5.00 per share. Tuesday  May 2  2023 is proposed as the record day. If the Meeting approves these proposals  it is estimated that the dividend be paid by Euroclear Sweden AB on Friday  May 5  2023. Item 12 – Determination of the number of Board members and Auditors The Nomination Committee proposes eight Board members and one registered public accounting firm as Auditor. Item 13 – Determination of fees to the Board of Directors and Auditor The Nomination Committee proposes fees to the Board of Directors as follows: Chairman of the Board of Directors: SEK 2 875 000 (2 750 000)(2 750 000) Other Board members not employed by the Company: SEK 770 000 (740 000) each(740 000) each Chairman of the Audit Committee: SEK 338 000 (325 000)(325 000) Other members of the Audit Committee: SEK 192 000 (185 000) each(185 000) each Chairman of the Remuneration Committee: SEK 161 000 (155 000)(155 000) Other members of the Remuneration Committee: SEK 127 000 (122 000) each(122 000) each Chairman of the Acquisitions and Divestitures Committee: SEK 218 000 (210 000)(210 000) Other members of the Acquisitions and Divestitures Committee: SEK 161 000 (155 000) each Fees to the Auditor shall be paid in accordance with approved invoices.Item 14 – Election of Board members The Nomination Committee proposes the election of the following persons as Board members: Jennifer Allerton (re-election) Claes Boustedt (re-election) Marika Fredriksson (re-election) Johan Molin (re-election) Andreas Nordbrandt (re-election) Helena Stjernholm (re-election) Stefan Widing (re-election) Kai Wärn (re-election) Item 15 – Election of Chairman of the Board The Nomination Committee proposes re-election of Johan Molin as Chairman of the Board of Directors. Item 16 – Election of Auditor The Nomination Committee proposes  pursuant to the recommendation of the Audit Committee  re-election of PricewaterhouseCoopers AB as Auditor for the period until the end of the 2024 Annual General Meeting. Item 18 – Resolution on a long-term incentive program (LTI 2023)Background Since 2014 Sandvik's Annual General Meeting has annually resolved on long-term incentive programs for senior executives and key employees  in the form of performance share programs requiring investment by all participants. The Board of Directors considers that these programs fulfill their purpose of aligning the interests of the participants and the shareholders  strengthening the Sandvik Group's ability to attract  retain and motivate qualified employees and strengthening Sandvik's focus and objective to meet its long-term business goals. Accordingly  the Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting resolve on a long-term incentive program for senior executives and key employees for 2023 (""LTI 2023"") on the below terms and conditions. General LTI 2023 encompasses approximately 350 senior executives and key contributors in the Sandvik Group. The maximum number of Sandvik shares that can be allocated pursuant to LTI 2023 is 2.0 million shares  which corresponds to approximately 0.16 percent of the number of outstanding shares in Sandvik. To participate in LTI 2023 the employee is required to invest in Sandvik shares at market price no later than June 30  2023 (""Investment Shares""). If the employee is not able to invest before this date due to being entered in an insider list (logbook) kept by Sandvik  the Board of Directors shall be entitled to postpone the date of investment for such employee. The employee may within the scope of LTI 2023 invest up to an amount corresponding to 10 percent of the employee's fixed annual salary before tax at the time of the investment. Provided such acquisition of Investment Shares is made  participants of LTI 2023 will be entitled to allotment of Sandvik shares  free of charge  after a period of three years on the terms and conditions set forth below.Performance Shares Each acquired Investment Share entitles participants to be allotted Sandvik shares provided certain performance targets are met (""Performance Shares""). The maximum number of Performance Shares that may be allotted for each acquired Investment Share depends on the Participant's program category as follows: 8 for the President 7 for each additional member of the Group Executive Management (currently 9 persons) 6 for each senior manager (approximately 60 persons)  and5 for each key contributor (approximately 280 persons). Each member of the Group Executive Management shall nominate the persons that are to be offered participation in LTI 2023 and that are to be classified as senior manager and key contributor  respectively  based on position  qualification  and individual performance. All nominations are to be approved by the President and CEO. The number of Performance Shares that will finally be allotted to the participant for each acquired Investment Share is dependent on the development of the Sandvik Group adjusted Earnings Per Share (""EPS"")  excluding amortizations and other accounting effects arising from business combinations  during the financial year 2023 (""EPS 2023"")  compared to adjusted EPS  excluding amortizations and other accounting effects arising from business combinations  for the financial year 2022 (""EPS 2022""). The Board of Directors establishes the levels regarding adjusted EPS that must be attained for allotment of a certain number of Performance Shares. Allotment will take place as follows: One Performance Share will be allotted for each acquired Investment Share if EPS 2023 exceeds EPS 2022.For any remaining Performance Shares to be allotted EPS 2023 growth must exceed 5 percent in relation to EPS 2022. The EPS growth required for the maximum number of Performance Shares to be allotted for each acquired Investment Share is established by the Board of Directors. The level required for maximum allotment and the extent to which the established levels are attained will be disclosed in the 2023 Annual Report. Prerequisites for allotment The allotment of Performance Shares requires continuous employment and that all Investment Shares be held during a period of three years from the acquisition of the Investment Shares (""Vesting Period""). The Chairman of the Board of Directors may in special cases grant exemptions from these requirements for individual participants  whereas the Board of Directors may decide on any such exemption concerning groups of participants. If the prerequisites for allotment set forth for LTI 2023 are met  allotment of Performance Shares will take place during 2026  and no later than June 30  2026. The allotment will take place free of charge  subject to tax. Adjustment of the number of Performance Shares etc. Before the allotment of Performance Shares takes place  the Board of Directors shall consider whether the number of Performance Shares is reasonable taking into account the financial results and position of Sandvik  the impact of larger acquisitions  divestments and other significant capital transactions  stock market conditions and other circumstances. If the Board of Directors deems that this is not the case  the Board of Directors shall reduce the number of Performance Shares to the lower number the Board of Directors finds appropriate or decide that no allotment should take place. In the event of a bonus issue  split  rights issue and/or other similar events in Sandvik  the Board of Directors shall be entitled to decide on the recalculation of the terms of LTI 2023. An alternative cash-based incentive solution may be implemented for participants in countries where the acquisition of Investment Shares or allotment of Performance Shares is not appropriate  or if such solution is otherwise considered appropriate. Such alternative incentive solution shall to the extent practically possible be designed to correspond to the terms of LTI 2023. The President and CEO shall be authorized to decide which persons that should be offered participation in the cash-based incentive solution. The Board of Directors  or a committee appointed by the Board of Directors for this purpose  shall be responsible for the detailed design and administration of LTI 2023 based on the main terms set forth herein. The right to be allotted Performance Shares cannot be transferred and does not give the participant a right to compensation for dividend distributed during the Vesting Period with respect to the underlying shares. Costs of LTI 2023 and hedging arrangements The number of Sandvik shares that will be needed for LTI 2023 will depend on the Sandvik share price at investment and the participation rate. To secure an adequate number of shares  given the increased market volatility  a Sandvik share price of SEK 165 has been used when calculating the maximum number of shares needed. Based on this share price the total cost of LTI 2023 is estimated at up to SEK 348 million. The costs have been calculated as the sum of personnel costs  including social security costs of SEK 58 million  and administration costs of approximately SEK 2 million for the program. Based on a share price of SEK 210 (which would result in fewer Sandvik shares being needed) the total cost is estimated at up to SEK 357 million  of which SEK 59 million constitutes social security cost and approximately SEK 2 million constitutes administration costs. The costs for LTI 2023 will be allocated over the years 2023–2025. Sandvik intends to secure its commitment to deliver Sandvik shares under LTI 2023 through a share swap agreement with a third party. The interest cost for such a share swap is estimated at approximately SEK 1.45 million per year based on the current interest levels  regardless of whether the calculation is based on a share price of SEK 165 or SEK 210. Against this cost  however  stands the value of possible dividends. Preparation of the proposal The proposal has been prepared by the Board's Remuneration Committee and has been discussed and resolved on by the Board of Directors. The President has not taken part in the Board of Directors' discussion and resolution with respect to the proposal. Majority requirement The resolution regarding LTI 2023 requires a majority of more than half of the votes cast at the Meeting. Other For a description of other long-term incentive programs within Sandvik reference is made to note G4 in Sandvik's 2022 Annual Report and to the Company's website. Item 19 – Authorization of the Board of Directors to resolve on acquisition of the Company's own shares The Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting authorizes the Board of Directors to  for the period until the 2024 Annual General Meeting  resolve on acquisitions of the Company's own shares in accordance with the following conditions. Acquisitions shall take place on Nasdaq Stockholm.Acquisitions may only be made at a price per share within the price range (spread) applicable from time to time  meaning the spread between the highest purchase price and the lowest selling price prevailing and disseminated by Nasdaq Stockholm from time to time.The Company may acquire a maximum number of shares so that the Company's holding at any time does not exceed 10 per cent of the total number of shares in the Company.The authorization may be utilized on one or several occasions up to the 2024 Annual General Meeting. The purpose of the authorization is to enable the Board of Directors to continuously adapt the Company's capital structure and thereby contribute to increased shareholder value. In order for the resolution on authorization to be valid  it must be supported by shareholders representing at least two thirds of the votes cast as well as the shares represented at the Annual General Meeting. INFORMATION AT THE ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING The Board of Directors and the President shall  if any shareholder so requests and the Board of Directors believes that it can be done without material harm to the Company  provide information regarding circumstances that may affect the assessment of an item on the agenda  and circumstances that can affect the assessment of the Company's or its subsidiaries' financial situation  or the Company's relation to other group companies. DOCUMENTATION The Nomination Committee's proposals under items 2 and 12–16 and the Board of Directors' proposals under items 11 and 18–19 are included in their entirety in this notice. The Nomination Committee's statement and the presentation of the proposed Board members are available on the Company's website home.sandvik. Accounting documents  the Board of Directors' remuneration report  the Auditor's Report and the Auditor's statement regarding the application of the guidelines for remuneration  as well as the Board of Directors' statement pursuant to Chapter 19  Section 22 of the Swedish Companies Act are available at Sandvik AB  Kungsbron 1  section G  floor 6  Stockholm  Sweden  as well as on the Company's website. Copies of the documents will be sent without charge to those shareholders who so request and provide their address to the Company. SHARES AND VOTES The total number of shares and votes in the Company is 1 254 385 923. PROCESSING OF PERSONAL DATA Sandvik Aktiebolag  reg. no. 556000-3468  is the controller of the processing of personal data performed by the Company or its service providers in connection with the Meeting. For information on how your personal data is processed  please see https://www.euroclear.com/dam/ESwithLegal/Privacy-notice-bolagsstammor-engelska.pdf. Stockholm  March 2023 SANDVIK AKTIEBOLAG (PUBL) The Board of Directors The following files are available for download: https://mb.cision.com/Main/208/3738454/1933138.pdf Annual General Meeting of Sandvik Aktiebolag View original content: https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/annual-general-meeting-of-sandvik-aktiebolag-301778396.html SOURCE Sandvik© PRNewswire 2023 All news about SANDVIK AB (PUBL) 03/22 Annual General Meeting of Sandvik Aktiebolag PR 03/22 Annual General Meeting of Sandvik Aktiebolag AQ 03/10 Sandvik : Annual Report PU 03/10 Sandvik AB Annual Report 2022 AQ 03/10 Sandvik to Invest SEK350 Million in Malaysian Production Unit MT 03/10 Sandvik invests in new load and haul factory in Malaysia to support growing mining BEV .. AQ 02/21 Sweden's Essity Appoints Chief Communication Officer MT 02/21 Sandvik Appoints Chief Digital Officer MT 02/21 Sandvik announces changes to the Group Executive Management AQ 02/21 Sandvik AB Appoints Sofia Sirvell as Chief Digital Officer and New Member of the Group .. CI Analyst Recommendations on SANDVIK AB (PUBL) 2022 Sandvik core profit beats forecast  order intake rises RE 2021 Analyst recommendations: American Express  HSBC  CyrusOne  Micro.. 2017 Airbus : Credit Suisse  AstraZeneca among top BofA-ML's top European picks for fi.. RE",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.17,0.83,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'Sandvik Aktiebolag', 'multiple email addresses', 'Göransson Arena', 'Wilhelm Haglund medal', 'Sigrid Göransson', 'other authorization document', 'investment savings accounts', 'Such electronic votes', 'entire postal vote', 'Euroclear Sweden AB', 'Annual General Meeting', 'shareholder deposit account', 'corporate registration number', 'voting rights registration', 'Sandvik Sustainability Award', 'postal voting form', 'postal votes', 'registration certificate', 'Sätragatan', 'two ways', 'share register', 'Computershare AB', 'legal entity', 'special form', 'Completed forms', 'Sandvik Aktiebolag', 'telephone number', 'special instructions', 'Further instructions', 'Proxy forms', 'First name', 'state name', 'dated proxy', 'proxy Shareholders', 'nominee Shareholders', 'commas', 'Message', 'fields', 'March', 'Thursday', 'April', 'Sandviken', 'Memory', 'place', 'Coffee', 'tea', 'PARTICIPATE', 'Notice', 'person', 'case', 'shares', 'Participation', 'Wednesday', 'intention', 'Friday', 'Company', 'website', 'weekdays', 'letter', 'AGM', 'Box', 'Stockholm', 'assistants', 'written', 'advance', 'Board', 'Directors', 'info', 'verification', 'BankID', 'conditions', 'representative', 'accordance', 'procedure', 'respect', 'Request', 'routines', 'time', '4:00', '2:30', '3:30', '9:00']",2023-03-22,2023-03-23,marketscreener.com
21064,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/notice-to-attend-the-annual-general-meeting-of-vitrolife-ab-publ-301778939.html,Notice to attend the Annual General Meeting of Vitrolife AB (publ),GOTHENBURG  Sweden  March 22  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- The shareholders of Vitrolife AB (publ) are hereby invited to attend the Annual General Meeting of shareholders on Thursday 27 April 2023 at 4.00 pm at the Elite Park Avenue Hotel  Kungsportsavenyn 36-38 in G…,GOTHENBURG  Sweden  March 22  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- The shareholders of Vitrolife AB (publ) are hereby invited to attend the Annual General Meeting of shareholders on Thursday 27 April 2023 at 4.00 pm at the Elite Park Avenue Hotel  Kungsportsavenyn 36-38 in Gothenburg  Sweden. Notice of attendance at the Annual General Meeting shall be given no later than Friday 21 April 2023.Shareholders who wish to attend the Annual General Meeting must:-be recorded in the share register prepared by Euroclear Sweden AB relating to the circumstances on Wednesday 19 April 2023; and-notify their attendance in accordance with the instructions in the Notice by Friday 21 April 2023.Shareholders who have had their shares registered with a nominee through a bank or other nominee must temporarily register the shares in their own name in the share register kept by Euroclear Sweden AB in order to participate in the meeting.The following proposals will be amongst those presented at the Annual General Meeting:The Board of Directors proposes a dividend of SEK 0.85 per share and Tuesday 2 May 2023 as the record day for the dividend.The Election Committee proposes that the Board shall consist of six members. The Election Committee proposes re-election of the Board members Lars Holmqvist   Pia Marions   Henrik Blomquist   Karen Lykke Sørensen  Vesa Koskinen and Jón Sigurdsson. It is proposed that Henrik Blomquist is the Chairman of the Board. Remuneration to the Board members is proposed to be in total SEK 3 600 000 of which SEK 1 200 000 to the Chairman of the Board  SEK 400 000 to each of the other members of the Board  SEK 100 000 to the Chairman of the Audit Committee  SEK 100 000 to the Chairman of the Remuneration Committee and SEK 50 000 to each of the other members of these committees. The proposal means no increase in the Board fees compared to the previous year. The Election Committee proposes re-election of the auditor for a mandate period of one year with unchanged remuneration principles.Resolution on an amendment of the Articles of Association in order to facilitate postal voting.Authorization for the Board to resolve to issue new shares up until the next Annual General Meeting.Authorization for the Board to resolve on acquisition of the company's own shares up until the next Annual General Meeting.Attachment: Full noticeGothenburg 22 March 2023VITROLIFE AB (publ)The Board of DirectorsCONTACT:Contact:Jón Sigurdsson  Chairman of the Board  email: [email protected]Patrik Tolf  CFO  phone +46 31 766 90 21  email: [email protected]This is a translation of the Swedish version of the press release. When in doubt  the Swedish wording prevails.The following files are available for download:https://mb.cision.com/Main/1031/3738571/1934879.pdf Notice to Vitrolife AB AGM 2023SOURCE Vitrolife AB (publ),neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.42,0.14,0.44,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'Vitrolife AB', 'Notice', 'Elite Park Avenue Hotel', 'Karen Lykke Sørensen', 'next Annual General Meeting', 'Jón Sigurdsson', 'Vitrolife AB AGM', 'SOURCE Vitrolife AB', 'unchanged remuneration principles', 'Euroclear Sweden AB', 'The Election Committee', 'Audit Committee', 'Remuneration Committee', 'The Board', 'Thursday 27 April', 'Friday 21 April', 'Wednesday 19 April', 'following proposals', 'record day', 'six members', 'Lars Holmqvist', 'Pia Marions', 'Henrik Blomquist', 'Vesa Koskinen', 'other members', 'previous year', 'mandate period', 'one year', 'postal voting', 'Patrik Tolf', 'Swedish version', 'press release', 'Swedish wording', 'following files', 'share register', 'other nominee', 'Board members', 'Board fees', 'new shares', 'Full notice', 'GOTHENBURG', 'March', 'shareholders', 'Kungsportsavenyn', 'attendance', 'circumstances', 'accordance', 'instructions', 'bank', 'name', 'order', 'Directors', 'SEK', 'Tuesday', 'May', 'Chairman', 'total', 'committees', 'increase', 'auditor', 'Resolution', 'amendment', 'Articles', 'Association', 'Authorization', 'acquisition', 'company', 'Attachment', 'CONTACT', 'email', 'CFO', 'phone', 'translation', 'doubt', 'download', 'cision', 'Main', '4.00']",2023-03-22,2023-03-23,prnewswire.com
21065,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/decisions-taken-by-valmet-oyjs-annual-general-meeting-and-the-organizing-meeting-of-the-board-of-directors-301778697.html,Decisions taken by Valmet Oyj's Annual General Meeting and the organizing meeting of the Board of Directors,"Valmet Oyj's stock exchange release on March 22  2023 at 4:15 p.m. EET ESPOO  Finland  March 22  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- The Annual General Meeting of Valmet Oyj (""Valmet"" or the ""Company"") was held in Helsinki today on March 22  2023. The Annual General Meeting…","Valmet Oyj's stock exchange release on March 22  2023 at 4:15 p.m. EETESPOO  Finland  March 22  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- The Annual General Meeting of Valmet Oyj (""Valmet"" or the ""Company"") was held in Helsinki today on March 22  2023. The Annual General Meeting adopted the Financial Statements for 2022 and discharged the members of the Board of Directors and the President and CEO from liability for the financial year 2022. The Annual General Meeting adopted the remuneration report for governing bodies. The decision is advisory. The Annual General Meeting approved the Board of Directors' proposals concerning authorizing the Board of Directors to decide on repurchasing the Company's own shares and to decide on the issuance of shares and the issuance of special rights entitling to shares.Dividend paymentThe Annual General Meeting decided to pay dividends of EUR 1.30 per share for the financial period ended on December 31  2022. The dividend will be paid in two instalments.The first instalment of EUR 0.65 per share will be paid to shareholders who on the dividend record date March 24  2023 are registered in the Company's shareholders' register held by Euroclear Finland Oy. The dividend will be paid on April 5  2023.The second instalment of EUR 0.65 per share will be paid in October 2023. The second instalment will be paid to shareholders who on the dividend record date are registered in the Company's shareholders' register held by Euroclear Finland Oy. The dividend record date and payment date will be resolved by the Board of Directors in its meeting scheduled for September 28  2023. The dividend record date for the second instalment would be October 2  2023 and the dividend payment date October 12  2023.Composition of the Board of DirectorsThe Annual General Meeting confirmed the number of Board members as eight and reappointed Mikael Mäkinen as Chairman of Valmet Oyj's Board and Jaakko Eskola as Vice-Chairman. Aaro Cantell  Anu Hämäläinen  Pekka Kemppainen  Per Lindberg  Monika Maurer and Eriikka Söderström will continue as members of the Board. The term of office of the members of the Board of Directors expires at the close of the Annual General Meeting 2024.Remuneration of the Board of DirectorsThe Annual General Meeting decided that the annual remuneration payable to the members of the Board remains unchanged and will be as follows: to the Chairman of the Board of Directors EUR 145 000; to the Vice-Chairman of the Board of Directors EUR 80 000; and to the other members of the Board of Directors EUR 64 000 each.Furthermore  the Annual General Meeting decided that a base fee of EUR 7 000 will be paid for each member of the Audit Committee  EUR 16 000 for the Chairman of the Audit Committee  EUR 4 000 for each member of the Remuneration and HR Committee  and EUR 8 000 for the Chairman of the Remuneration and HR Committee.In addition  a meeting fee in the amount of EUR 750 will be paid for those members whose place of residence is in Nordic countries  EUR 1 500 for those members whose place of residence is elsewhere in Europe and EUR 3 000 for those members whose place of residence is outside of Europe for the Board meetings attended  including the meetings of the committees of the Board of Directors.For meetings in which a Board member participates via remote connection  including the meetings of the committees of the Board of Directors  a meeting fee of EUR 750 shall be paid to Board members. Furthermore  a meeting fee of EUR 1 500 shall be paid to Board members for a Board travel meeting.The Annual General Meeting resolved that  as a condition for the annual remuneration  the members of the Board of Directors are obliged  directly based on the Annual General Meeting's decision  to use 40 percent of the fixed annual remuneration for purchasing Valmet shares at a price formed in public trading on a regulated market on the stock exchange main list maintained by Nasdaq Helsinki Ltd  and that the purchase will be carried out within two weeks from the publication of the Interim Review for the period January 1  2023 to March 31  2023.AuditorThe Annual General Meeting re-elected PricewaterhouseCoopers Oy as the company's auditor for a term expiring at the end of the next Annual General Meeting. The responsible auditor will be Pasi Karppinen  APA. The remuneration to the Auditor will be paid in accordance with the Auditor's invoice and the principles approved by the Audit Committee.Authorisation to decide on the repurchase of the Company's own sharesThe Annual General Meeting resolved to authorise the Board of Directors to decide on the repurchase of a maximum number of 9 200 000 of the Company's own shares in one or several tranches. This corresponds to approximately 5.0 percent of all the shares in the Company. Based on the authorization  the Company's own shares may be repurchased otherwise than in proportion to the shareholdings of the shareholders (directed repurchase). The Company's own shares may be repurchased using the unrestricted equity of the Company at a price formed on a regulated market on the official list of Nasdaq Helsinki Ltd on the date of the repurchase or at a price otherwise formed on the market.The authorization shall remain in force until the close of the next Annual General Meeting  and it cancels the authorization granted in the previous Annual General Meeting related to the repurchasing of the Company's own shares.Authorisation to decide on the issuance of shares and special rights entitling to sharesThe Annual General Meeting resolved to authorise the Board of Directors to decide on the issuance of shares as well as the issuance of special rights entitling to shares in one or several tranches. The issuance of shares may be carried out by offering new shares or by transferring treasury shares held by Valmet. Based on this authorization  the Board of Directors may also decide on a directed share issue in deviation from the shareholders' pre-emptive rights and on the granting of special rights subject to the conditions mentioned in the Finnish Companies Act. Based on this authorization  a maximum number of 18 500 000 shares may be issued  which corresponds to approximately 10.0 percent of all the shares in Valmet.The authorization shall remain in force until the close of the next Annual General Meeting  and it cancels the authorization granted in the previous Annual General Meeting to decide on the issuance of shares and special rights entitling to shares.The minutes of the Annual General MeetingAdvance voting was held on matters 7-17 on the agenda of the Annual General Meeting. The detailed results of the advance voting are recorded in the minutes of the meeting. The minutes of the Annual General Meeting will be available on the Company's website as of April 5  2023 at the latest.Decisions of the organizing meeting of the Board of DirectorsThe Board of Directors of Valmet Oyj held its organizing meeting after the Annual General Meeting. The Board of Directors noted that all Board members are independent of the Company. With the exception of Aaro Cantell  the board members are independent of the Company's significant shareholders. Valmet's definition of Board members' independence complies with the Finnish Corporate Governance Code.In its organizing meeting  the Board of Directors elected the members of the Audit Committee and the Remuneration and HR Committee from amongst its members.The members of the Audit Committee are Eriikka Söderström (Chairman)  Anu Hämäläinen and Pekka Kemppainen.The members of the Remuneration and HR Committee are Mikael Mäkinen (Chairman)  Aaro Cantell  Jaakko Eskola and Monika Maurer.Personnel representationThe Board of Directors decided to invite Juha Pöllänen to participate in the Board of Directors meetings as the personnel representative elected by Valmet's personnel groups in Finland. He will participate in the meetings of Valmet's Board of Directors as an invited expert  and his term of office is the same as the Board members' term.Further information  please contact:Rasmus Oksala  General Counsel  Valmet  tel. +358 50 3173 830Pekka Rouhiainen  Vice President  Investor Relations  Valmet  tel. +358 10 672 0020VALMETKatri HokkanenCFOPekka RouhiainenVice President  Investor RelationsDISTRIBUTION:Nasdaq HelsinkiMajor mediawww.valmet.comValmet is a leading global developer and supplier of process technologies  automation and services for the pulp  paper and energy industries. With our automation systems and flow control solutions  we serve an even wider base of process industries. Our 17 500 professionals around the world work close to our customers and are committed to moving our customers' performance forward – every day.The company has over 220 years of industrial history and a strong track record in continuous improvement and renewal. In 2022  a major milestone was achieved when the flow control company Neles was merged into Valmet. Valmet's net sales in 2022 were approximately EUR 5.1 billion.Valmet's shares are listed on the Nasdaq Helsinki  and the head office is in Espoo  Finland.Follow us on valmet.com | Twitter | Twitter (IR) | LinkedIn | Facebook | YouTube | Instagram |Processing of personal dataSOURCE Valmet Oyj",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'organizing meeting', 'Valmet Oyj', 'Decisions', 'Board', 'Directors', 'Anu Hämäläinen', 'Eriikka Söderström', 'stock exchange main list', 'next Annual General Meeting', 'The Annual General Meeting', 'stock exchange release', 'Mikael Mäkinen', 'Euroclear Finland Oy', 'Nasdaq Helsinki Ltd', 'Board travel meeting', 'dividend payment date', 'meeting fee', 'annual remuneration', 'PricewaterhouseCoopers Oy', 'record date', 'Financial Statements', 'financial year', 'governing bodies', 'special rights', 'two instalments', 'first instalment', 'second instalment', 'Jaakko Eskola', 'Aaro Cantell', 'Pekka Kemppainen', 'Per Lindberg', 'Monika Maurer', 'base fee', 'Audit Committee', 'HR Committee', 'Nordic countries', 'remote connection', 'public trading', 'two weeks', 'Interim Review', 'Pasi Karppinen', 'several tranches', 'unrestricted equity', 'Valmet Oyj', 'remuneration report', 'financial period', 'maximum number', 'regulated market', ""shareholders' register"", 'other members', 'responsible auditor', ""Directors' proposals"", 'Valmet shares', 'Board members', 'Board meetings', 'March', 'ESPOO', 'Company', 'President', 'CEO', 'liability', 'decision', 'issuance', 'dividends', 'December', 'April', 'October', 'September', 'Composition', 'Chairman', 'term', 'office', 'close', 'addition', 'amount', 'place', 'residence', 'Europe', 'committees', 'condition', '40 percent', 'purchase', 'publication', 'January', 'APA.', 'accordance', 'invoice', 'principles', 'Authorisation', 'one', '5.0 percent', 'authorization', 'proportion', 'shareholdings', '4:15']",2023-03-22,2023-03-23,prnewswire.com
21066,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/notice-of-annual-general-meeting-in-assa-abloy-ab-301778613.html,Notice of Annual General Meeting in ASSA ABLOY AB,STOCKHOLM  March 22  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- The shareholders of ASSA ABLOY AB (Reg. No. 556059-3575) are hereby invited to attend the Annual General Meeting to be held on Wednesday 26 April 2023 at 3.30 p.m.  at Stockholm Waterfront Congress Centre  Nils Ericso…,"STOCKHOLM  March 22  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- The shareholders of ASSA ABLOY AB (Reg. No. 556059-3575) are hereby invited to attend the Annual General Meeting to be held on Wednesday 26 April 2023 at 3.30 p.m.  at Stockholm Waterfront Congress Centre  Nils Ericsons Plan 4  Stockholm  Sweden.The doors will open at 2.30 p.m.Right to participate and notificationShareholders who wish to attend the Annual General Meeting must:be recorded in the share register kept by Euroclear Sweden AB on Tuesday 18 April 2023   and  and give notice of their participation to ASSA ABLOY AB no later than Thursday 20 April 2023 . Notice of participation shall be given on the company's website assaabloy.com/general-meeting  by telephone +46 8-402 90 71 or in writing by mail to ASSA ABLOY AB  ""2023 Annual General Meeting""  c/o Euroclear Sweden AB  P.O. Box 191  SE-101 23 Stockholm  Sweden .The notification must state name  personal or corporate identification number  address  telephone number and names of any assistants attending.ProxyIf the shareholder is represented by proxy  a written and dated power of attorney signed by the shareholder must be enclosed to the notification and be presented in original at the latest at the Annual General Meeting. Proxy form is available upon request and on the company's website assaabloy.com/general-meeting. If the proxy is issued by a legal entity  a certificate of incorporation or equivalent authorization document must be enclosed.Nominee registered sharesShareholders whose shares are nominee registered through a bank or other nominee must  in addition to giving notice of participation  request that their shares be temporarily registered in their own name in the share register kept by Euroclear Sweden AB (so called voting right registration) in order to be entitled to participate in the Annual General Meeting. The shareholders' register for the General Meeting as of the record date Tuesday 18 April 2023 will take into account voting right registrations completed no later than Thursday 20 April 2023. Shareholders concerned must  in accordance with each nominee's routines  request that the nominee makes such voting right registration well in advance of that date.Agenda1. Opening of the Annual General Meeting.2. Election of Chairman of the Annual General Meeting.3. Preparation and approval of the voting list.4. Approval of the agenda.5. Election of two persons to check the Annual General Meeting minutes.6. Determination of whether the Annual General Meeting has been duly convened.7. Speech by the President and CEO  Mr. Nico Delvaux.8. Presentation of:a) the Annual Report and the Auditor's Report as well as the Consolidated Accounts and the Auditor's Report for the Group b) the Auditor's statement regarding whether the guidelines for remuneration to senior executives have been complied with  andc) the Board of Directors proposal regarding distribution of profits and motivated statement.9. Resolutions regarding:a) adoption of the Statement of Income and the Balance Sheet as well as the Consolidated Statement of Income and the Consolidated Balance Sheet b) dispositions of the company's profit according to the adopted Balance Sheet  andc) discharge from liability of the members of the Board of Directors and the CEO.10. Determination of the number of members of the Board of Directors.11. Determination of:a) fees to the Board of Directors b) fees to the Auditor.12. Election of Board of Directors  Chairman of the Board of Directors and Vice Chairman of the Board of Directors.13. Election of Auditor.14. Resolution regarding instructions for appointment of Nomination Committee and the Nomination Committee's assignment.15. Resolution on approval of remuneration report.16. Resolution regarding authorization to repurchase and transfer Series B shares in the company.17. Resolution regarding long-term incentive program.18. Closing of the Annual General Meeting.Item 2 – Election of Chairman of the Annual General MeetingThe Nomination Committee  since 23 December 2022  consisting of Chairman Anders Mörck (Investment AB Latour) and Mikael Ekdahl (Melker Schörling AB)  proposes that Lars Renström is elected Chairman of the Annual General Meeting.Item 9 b) – Disposition of the company's profit according to the adopted Balance SheetThe Board of Directors proposes a dividend of SEK 4.80 per share. The dividend is proposed to be paid in two equal installments  the first with the record date Friday 28 April 2023 and the second with the record date Monday 13 November 2023. If the proposal is adopted by the Annual General Meeting  the first installment is estimated to be paid on Thursday 4 May 2023 and the second installment on Thursday 16 November 2023.The Board of Directors has presented a motivated statement pursuant to Chapter 18  Section 4 of the Swedish Companies Act  the statement is available at the company and on the company's website assaabloy.com/general-meeting.Items 10–13 – Determination of the number of members of the Board of Directors  determination of fees to the Board of Directors and the Auditor as well as election of Board of Directors  Chairman of the Board of Directors  Vice Chairman of the Board of Directors and AuditorThe Nomination Committee proposes that the Annual General Meeting resolves as follows.- The number of members of the Board of Directors shall be eight.- The Nomination Committee has in its work regarding Board fees compared the fees to the Board of Directors with Board fees among comparable companies in Sweden and internationally. Based on this and the fact that the Board of Directors is proposed to be reduced and include one less member  an increase of the fee for each respective member of the Board  but a decrease of the total fee to the Board of Directors is proposed  meaning that the fees shall amount to a total of SEK 9 455 000 (remuneration for committee work not included) which shall be distributed among the members of the Board of Directors as follows; SEK 3 000 000 to the Chairman  SEK 1 115 000 to the Vice Chairman and SEK 890 000 to each of the other members of the Board of Directors elected by the Annual General Meeting. As remuneration for the committee work  the Chairman of the Audit Committee is to receive SEK 352 000  the Chairman of the Remuneration Committee SEK 165 000  members of the Audit Committee (the Chairman excluded) SEK 243 000 each  and member of the Remuneration Committee (the Chairman excluded) SEK 82 000.- Fees to the Auditor according to contract.- Re-election of Carl Douglas  Erik Ekudden  Johan Hjertonsson  Sofia Schörling Högberg  Lena Olving  Joakim Weidemanis and Susanne Pahlén Åklundh as members of the Board of Directors. Lars Renström and Eva Karlsson have declined re-election.- Election of Victoria Van Camp as new member of the Board of Directors.- Election of Johan Hjertonsson as new Chairman of the Board of Directors and re-election of Carl Douglas as Vice Chairman.- Re-election of the registered audit firm Ernst & Young AB as Auditor for the time period until the end of the 2024 Annual General Meeting  in accordance with the Audit Committee's recommendation. Ernst & Young AB has notified that  provided that the Nomination Committee's proposal is adopted by the Annual General Meeting  authorized public accountant Hamish Mabon will remain appointed as auditor in charge.Johan Hjertonsson who is proposed as new Chairman of the Board of Directors (re-election as Board member) has been a member of the Board of Directors since 2021. Johan Hjertonsson is born 1968 and holds a Master of Science in Business and Economics from Lund University. Since 2019  Johan has been President and CEO of Investment AB Latour. He was previously President and CEO of AB Fagerhult and Lammhults Design Group AB and has held various management positions within the Electrolux Group. Johan is also Chairman of the Board of Hultafors Group AB  Caljan AS  Alimak Group AB  Latour Industries AB and Tomra Systems AS as well as Board member of Investment AB Latour and Sweco AB.Victoria Van Camp who is proposed as new member of the Board of Directors is born 1966 and holds a Master of Science in Mechanical Engineering and Doctor of Technology from Luleå Technical University. Since 2022 Victoria runs her own consulting firm Axa Consulting with focus on advising within technology development in order to accelerate green transition. Previously she has held a number of management positions within AB SKF during the years 1996–2022. Victoria is a Fellow of the Royal Swedish Academy of Engineering Sciences (IVA) since 2017. She is also a Board member of Billerud AB  SR Energy AB and the Chalmers foundation.More detailed information regarding the proposed members of the Board of Directors can be found in the Nomination Committee's proposal and motivated statement which are available at the company's website assaabloy.com/general-meeting.Item 14 – Resolution regarding instructions for appointment of Nomination Committee and the Nomination Committee's assignmentThe Nomination Committee proposes that the following instructions for appointment of Nomination Committee and the Nomination Committee's assignment are adopted by the Annual General Meeting. In comparison with the current instruction  the proposal includes certain clarifications in relation to the Swedish Corporate Governance Code.According to the Swedish Corporate Governance Code (the Code)  Swedish companies whose shares are traded on a regulated market in Sweden are to have a Nomination Committee.The Nomination Committee shall be composed of representatives of the five largest shareholders in terms of voting rights registered in the shareholders' register maintained by Euroclear Sweden AB as of August 31 the year before the Annual General Meeting1. The Chairman of the Board shall convene the Nomination Committee to its first meeting and shall also be co-opted to the Nomination Committee. Should a shareholder decline to participate in the Nomination Committee  a representative from the largest shareholder in turn shall be appointed. The composition of the Nomination Committee for the Annual General Meeting shall be publicly announced no later than six months prior to the Annual General Meeting.In the event one or more shareholders who appointed members of the Nomination Committee  earlier than three months prior to the Annual General Meeting  no longer are among the five largest shareholders in terms of voting rights  the members appointed by such shareholders shall resign and the shareholder or shareholders who has become one of the five largest shareholders in terms of voting rights shall be entitled to appoint their representatives. If there are only marginal changes in the number of votes held or if the change occurs later than three months prior to the Annual General Meeting  no changes shall be made in the composition of the Nomination Committee unless there are special circumstances. If a member resigns from the Nomination Committee before the work is completed and the Nomination Committee finds it suitable  a substitute shall be appointed. Such a substitute shall be appointed from the same shareholder or  if that shareholder no longer is among the largest shareholders in terms of voting rights  from the largest shareholder next in turn. A change in the composition of the Nomination Committee shall immediately be publicly announced.The term of office for the Nomination Committee runs until the next composition of the Nomination Committee has been announced. No remuneration shall be paid out to the members of the Nomination Committee. Any necessary expenses for the work of the Nomination Committee shall be paid by the company.The members of the Nomination Committee are to promote the common interests of all shareholders. The Nomination Committee shall carry out the duties set out in the Code and  when applicable  prepare proposals to a forthcoming General Meeting regarding the election of Chairman of the General Meeting  members of the Board of Directors  Chairman of the Board  Vice Chairman of the Board  Auditor  fees for the members of the Board including division between the Chairman  the Vice Chairman  and the other Board members  as well as fees for committee work  fees to the company's Auditor and any changes of the instructions for the Nomination Committee. This instruction shall apply until further notice.Item 15 – Resolution on approval of remuneration reportThe Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting resolves to approve the Board of Directors' report on remuneration pursuant to Chapter 8  Section 53 a of the Swedish Companies Act.Item 16 – Resolution regarding authorization to repurchase and transfer Series B shares in the companyThe Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting authorizes the Board of Directors to pass a resolution  on one or more occasions for the period up until the next Annual General Meeting  on repurchasing Series B shares in the company in accordance with the following.- The repurchase may as a maximum comprise so many Series B shares that the company after each repurchase holds a maximum of 10 percent of the total number of shares in the company.- The repurchase of Series B shares shall take place on Nasdaq Stockholm.- The repurchase of Series B shares on Nasdaq Stockholm may only occur at a price within the share price interval registered at that time  where share price interval means the difference between the highest buying price and the lowest selling price- Payment of the Series B shares shall be made in cash.Furthermore  the Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting authorizes the Board of Directors to pass a resolution  on one or more occasions for the period up until the next Annual General Meeting  on transferring Series B shares in the company in accordance with the following.- The maximum number of Series B shares to be transferred may not exceed the number of shares held by the company at the time of the Board of Directors resolution.- Transfers of Series B shares shall take place:(i) on Nasdaq Stockholm  or(ii) in connection with acquisition of companies or businesses  on market terms.- Transfers of Series B shares on Nasdaq Stockholm may only occur at a price within the share price interval registered at that time  where share price interval means the difference between the highest buying price and the lowest selling price.- The authorization includes the right to resolve on deviation of the preferential rights of shareholders and that payment may be made in other forms than cash.The purpose of the authorizations is to make possible the ability for the Board of Directors to continuously adapt the company's capital structure and thereby contribute to increased shareholder value  to be able to exploit attractive acquisition opportunities by fully or partly financing future acquisitions with the company's own shares  and to ensure the company's undertakings  including social security costs  in accordance with the Board of Directors' proposal for a long-term incentive program under Item 17.The Board of Directors has presented a motivated statement pursuant to Chapter 19  Section 22 of the Swedish Companies Act  the statement is available at the company and on the company's website assaabloy.com/general-meeting.The proposal in this Item 16 requires an approval of shareholders representing at least two-thirds of both the votes cast and the shares represented at the Annual General Meeting to be valid.Item 17 – Resolution regarding long-term incentive programSummary of the programThe Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting resolves to implement a new long-term incentive program for senior executives and key employees within the ASSA ABLOY Group (LTI 2023). LTI 2023 is based on similar principles as LTI 2020  LTI 2021 and LTI 2022.LTI 2023 is proposed to include a maximum of 150 senior executives and key employees within the ASSA ABLOY Group. In order to participate in LTI 2023 the participants will have to hold Series B shares in ASSA ABLOY within the scope of LTI 2023 (saving shares). For every saving share held  the company will grant so called performance awards free-of-charge in accordance with the terms stipulated below.The rationale for the proposalThe purpose of LTI 2023 is to strengthen the ASSA ABLOY Group's ability to retain and recruit competent employees  to contribute to ASSA ABLOY providing a total remuneration that is on market conditions and competitive  and to align the interests of the shareholders with the interests of the employees concerned. Through a share-based long-term incentive program  the employees' remuneration is tied to ASSA ABLOY's future earnings and value growth. In light of the above  the Board of Directors believes that the implementation of LTI 2023 will have a positive effect on the long-term value growth of the Group  including its sustainability  and consequently that LTI 2023 is beneficial to both the shareholders and the company.Personal investment in saving sharesIn order to participate in LTI 2023  the participants will have to hold saving shares. The saving shares can either be Series B shares in ASSA ABLOY that have vested or been used as saving shares under LTI 2020 or previous years' long-term incentive programs  or Series B shares in ASSA ABLOY purchased on the market in connection with the notification to participate in LTI 2023.The personal investment shall amount to a value corresponding to a minimum of 5 percent (all participants) and a maximum of 15 percent (CEO and other senior executives) or 10 percent (other participants)  respectively  of the participant's fixed base salary. If the participant has access to inside information and is therefore prevented from making the personal investment in connection with the application to participate in LTI 2023  the personal investment shall be made as soon as possible  but no later than before the next Annual General Meeting.For employees who have not participated in previous LTI programs  the participation in LTI 2023 is  in addition  subject to renunciation of customary salary review for the year 2023.Participants in LTI 2023 and allocationLTI 2023 is proposed to include a maximum of 150 senior executives and key employees within the ASSA ABLOY Group  divided in three categories.For each saving share that the CEO of the Group holds under LTI 2023  the company will grant six performance awards. For each saving share that other senior executives (currently nine individuals) hold under LTI 2023  each such individual will be awarded five performance awards. For each saving share that other participants (140 individuals) hold under LTI 2023  each such individual will be awarded four performance awards.Performance conditionThe number of performance awards that gives right to receive Series B shares in the company depends on the annual development of ASSA ABLOY's earnings per share2 based on the target levels  as defined by the Board of Directors  during the measurement period 1 January 2023 – 31 December 2025  where each year during the measurement period is compared to the previous year. The outcome is calculated yearly  whereby one third of the performance awards is measured against the outcome for 2023  one third is measured against the outcome for 2024 and one third is measured against the outcome for 2025.The outcome for each year is measured linearly. Unless the minimum level is achieved for the year  none of the relevant performance awards will give right to Series B shares  and if the maximum level is achieved each performance award linked to the relevant year will give right to one Series B share. The Board of Directors intends to present the fulfilment of the performance based condition in the Annual Report for the financial year 2025.Other conditionsIn addition to the above conditions  the following shall apply for the performance awards.- The performance awards shall be granted free-of-charge after the 2023 Annual General Meeting.- Each performance award entitles the holder to receive one Series B share free-of-charge three years after allotment of the award (vesting period)  provided that the holder  with some exceptions  at the time of the release of the interim report for the first quarter 2026 still is employed by the ASSA ABLOY Group and has maintained the saving shares held under LTI 2023.- To make the participants' interest equal with the shareholders'  the company will compensate the participants for distributed dividend during the vesting period by increasing the number of Series B shares that each performance award gives right to after the vesting period.- The performance awards are non-transferable and may not be pledged.- The performance awards can be granted by the company or by any other company within the Group.Preparation and administrationThe Board of Directors shall be responsible for preparing the detailed terms and conditions of LTI 2023  in accordance with the mentioned terms and guidelines. To this end  the Board of Directors shall be entitled to make adjustments to meet foreign regulations or market conditions. The Board of Directors may also make other adjustments if significant changes in the ASSA ABLOY Group  or its operating environment  would result in a situation where the decided terms and conditions for LTI 2023 no longer are appropriate.In the event that the Board of Directors considers that the delivery of Series B shares under LTI 2023 cannot be achieved at reasonable cost  with reasonable administrative efforts or due to specific market conditions  participants may instead be offered a cash settlement.Scope and cost of the programLTI 2023 may  if the share price for the company's Series B share remains the same during the program's term  result in a maximum amount corresponding to 90 percent (CEO)  75 percent (other senior executives) or 40 percent (other participants)  respectively  of the participants annual base salary (excluding social security costs). Such outcome is subject to a maximum personal investment  meaning that the participant must hold saving shares at a value that corresponds to 15 percent (CEO and other senior executives) or 10 percent (other participants)  respectively  of the participants annual base salary and that the performance based condition has been fully achieved. Full vesting is further subject to the saving shares being retained and that the participant  with some exceptions  is still employed during the vesting period.The total number of saving shares  which corresponds to the participant's total maximum personal investment  and thus the total number of performance awards being allotted  depends on the share price for the company's Series B share at the time of allotment of performance awards under LTI 2023. The total number of outstanding shares in the company amounts to 1 112 576 334 shares.Provided that the share price for the company's Series B share is traded at around SEK 246 at the time of allotment of performance awards under LTI 2023  LTI 2023 will  in accordance with the principles and assumptions set out above  comprise a maximum of 750 000 Series B shares in total  which corresponds to approximately 0.1 percent of the total outstanding shares and votes in the company.LTI 2023 shall be expensed as personnel costs over the vesting period. Provided that the performance based condition is fully achieved  the cost for LTI 2023 before tax is  in accordance with the principles and assumptions set out above  estimated to approximately SEK 170 million  allocated over the vesting period. Estimated social security costs and financing cost are included in such amount.The costs are expected to have marginal effect on key ratios of the ASSA ABLOY Group.The Board of Directors deems that the positive effects on earnings that are expected to result from increased share ownership among senior executives and persons in senior managerial positions  which may be further increased through LTI 2023  outweigh the costs related to LTI 2023.Delivery of shares under LTI 2023To ensure the delivery of Series B shares under LTI 2023  the company intends to enter into an agreement with a third party  under which the third party shall  in its own name  buy and transfer Series B shares in the company to the participants in accordance with LTI 2023.Preparation of the proposalLTI 2023 has been initiated by the Board of Directors of ASSA ABLOY  and has been structured in consultation with external advisers based on an evaluation of previous incentive programs. LTI 2023 has been prepared by the Remuneration Committee and reviewed at meetings of the Board of Directors.Previous incentive programsThe company's other share-based incentive programs LTI 2020  LTI 2021 and LTI 2022 are based on the similar principles as LTI 2023. For a description of LTI 2020  LTI 2021 and LTI 2022  reference is made to the Annual Report 2022  Note 35  and the company's website www.assaabloy.com.Shares and votesThe total number of shares in the company at the time for the notice to the Annual General Meeting amount to 1 112 576 334 shares  of which 57 525 969 are Series A shares and 1 055 050 365 Series B shares  which is equivalent to a total of 1 630 310 055 votes. ASSA ABLOY AB is holding at the time of the notice to the Annual General Meeting  1 800 000 own Series B shares  corresponding to 1 800 000 votes that may not be represented at the Annual General Meeting.Shareholders´ right to right to request informationThe Board of Directors and the CEO shall  if any shareholder so requests and the Board of Directors believes that it can be done without material harm to the company  at the Annual General Meeting provide information regarding circumstances that may affect the assessment of an item on the agenda and circumstances that can affect the assessment of the company's or its subsidiaries' financial situation and the company's relation to other companies within the Group and the Group accounts.Documentation etc.The Annual Report and the Auditor's Report  the Board of Directors' remuneration report and all other supporting documentation for the Annual General Meeting are available at the company and on the company's website assaabloy.com/general-meeting no later than three weeks before the Annual General Meeting. Further  the Nomination Committee's complete proposals including motivated statement  are available at the company and on the company's website assaabloy.com/general-meeting no later than four weeks before the Annual General Meeting.Copies of the documents will be sent free of charge to shareholders who so request and state their address to the company.Processing of personal dataFor information on how your personal data is processed  see:https://www.euroclear.com/dam/ESwithLegal/Privacy-notice-bolagsstammor-engelska.pdfThis notice is a translation of the Swedish notice and in case of any deviations between the language versions  the Swedish version shall prevail.Welcome!Stockholm in March 2023The Board of DirectorsASSA ABLOY AB (publ)For more information  please contact:Nico Delvaux  President and CEO  tel. no: +46 8 506 485 82Erik Pieder  CFO and Executive Vice President  tel. no: +46 8 506 485 72Björn Tibell  Head of Investor Relations  tel. no: +46 70 275 67 68About ASSA ABLOYThe ASSA ABLOY Group is the global leader in access solutions. The Group operates worldwide with 52 000 employees and sales of SEK 121 billion. The Group has leading positions in areas such as efficient door openings  trusted identities and entrance automation. ASSA ABLOY's innovations enable safe  secure and convenient access to physical and digital places. Every day  we help billions of people experience a more open world.[1] The shareholding statistics to be used shall be sorted by voting power (grouped by owners) and include the 25 largest direct registered shareholders in Sweden  i.e. shareholders with an account with Euroclear Sweden AB in their own name or shareholders holding a custody account with a nominee that has reported the identity of the shareholder to Euroclear Sweden AB.[2] Earnings per share is defined as the company's earnings per share after tax and dilution  excluding items affecting comparability and currency effects.The following files are available for download:https://mb.cision.com/Main/7333/3738622/1933790.pdf Press release (PDF)SOURCE ASSA ABLOY",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,positive,0.75,0.23,0.02,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'ASSA ABLOY AB', 'Notice', 'Melker Schörling AB', 'Stockholm Waterfront Congress Centre', 'Chairman Anders Mörck', 'Annual General Meeting minutes', 'Lars Renström', 'ASSA ABLOY AB', 'Investment AB Latour', 'Nils Ericsons Plan', 'P.O. Box', 'Mr. Nico Delvaux', 'long-term incentive program', 'Swedish Companies Act', '2023 Annual General Meeting', 'two equal installments', 'Euroclear Sweden AB', 'equivalent authorization document', 'Series B shares', 'corporate identification number', 'voting right registrations', 'The Nomination Committee', 'Consolidated Balance Sheet', 'Nominee registered shares', 'voting list', 'two persons', 'Annual Report', 'Consolidated Accounts', 'dated power', 'legal entity', 'senior executives', 'Mikael Ekdahl', 'first installment', 'Thursday 4 May', 'second installment', 'Thursday 16 November', 'Consolidated Statement', 'Wednesday 26 April', 'Tuesday 18 April', 'Thursday 20 April', 'record date', 'share register', 'Vice Chairman', 'other nominee', 'The Board', 'state name', 'motivated statement', 'telephone number', 'Proxy form', ""shareholders' register"", 'remuneration report', 'Directors proposal', 'March', 'Reg.', 'doors', 'notification', 'notice', 'participation', 'company', 'website', 'writing', 'mail', 'personal', 'address', 'names', 'assistants', 'attorney', 'original', 'request', 'certificate', 'bank', 'addition', 'order', 'accordance', 'routines', 'advance', 'Agenda', 'Opening', 'Election', 'Preparation', 'approval', 'Determination', 'Speech', 'President', 'CEO', 'Presentation', 'Auditor', 'Group', 'guidelines', 'distribution', 'profits', 'Resolutions', 'adoption', 'Income', 'dispositions', 'discharge', 'liability', 'members', 'fees', 'instructions', 'appointment', 'assignment', 'transfer', 'Closing', 'Item', '23 December', 'SEK', 'Chapter', 'Section', '3.30', '2.30', '9.', '11.', '12.']",2023-03-22,2023-03-23,prnewswire.com
21067,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/annual-general-meeting-of-sandvik-aktiebolag-301778396.html,Annual General Meeting of Sandvik Aktiebolag,STOCKHOLM  March 22  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- The shareholders in Sandvik Aktiebolag are convened to the Annual General Meeting to be held on Thursday  April 27  2023 at 4:00 p.m. at the Göransson Arena  Sätragatan 21  Sandviken  Sweden. Registration will begin a…,"STOCKHOLM  March 22  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- The shareholders in Sandvik Aktiebolag are convened to the Annual General Meeting to be held on Thursday  April 27  2023 at 4:00 p.m. at the Göransson Arena  Sätragatan 21  Sandviken  Sweden.Registration will begin at 2:30 p.m. The award of the Wilhelm Haglund medal and the Sandvik Sustainability Award in Memory of Sigrid Göransson will take place at approx. 3:30 p.m. Coffee and tea will be served.RIGHT TO PARTICIPATE AND NoticeThere are two ways for shareholders to participate in the Meeting: (i) attending the Meeting in person or by proxy  or (ii) participating by postal voting. In either case  if the shares are registered in the name of a nominee  they must be temporarily re-registered in the name of the shareholder (as further described below).Participation in person or by proxyShareholders who wish to attend the Meeting in person or by proxy must:be recorded as shareholder in the share register maintained by Euroclear Sweden AB on Wednesday  April 19  2023   and  and give notice of their intention to participate in the Meeting  not later than Friday  April 21  2023   according to the instructions below.Notice of participation in the Meeting shall be made on the Company's website home.sandvik   by telephone +46 (0)26-26 09 40 weekdays 9:00 a.m.–4:00 p.m. or by letter to Computershare AB  ""Sandvik's AGM""  Box 5267  SE-102 46 Stockholm  Sweden. When giving notice of participation  please state name  personal or corporate registration number  address and telephone number and the number of assistants (maximum two)  if any.If participation in the Meeting is by proxy  a written and dated proxy signed by the shareholder must be submitted to the address stated above in advance of the Meeting. Proxy forms are available on the Company's website. A proxy issued by a legal entity must be accompanied by a registration certificate or other authorization document. To facilitate registration at the Meeting  the proxy as well as the registration certificate or other authorization document should be received by the Company at the above address not later than Friday  April 21  2023.Postal votingThe Board of Directors has decided that shareholders should be able to exercise their voting rights by postal voting. Shareholders who wish to participate in the Meeting by postal voting must:be recorded as shareholder in the share register maintained by Euroclear Sweden AB on Wednesday  April 19  2023   and  and give notice of their intention to participate in the Meeting by submitting their postal votes  not later than Friday  April 21  2023   according to the instructions below.A special form must be used for the postal vote. The form for postal voting is available on the Company's website home.sandvik. The completed and signed form for postal voting shall be sent by e-mail to [email protected] or by post to Computershare AB  ""Sandvik's AGM""  Box 5267  SE-102 46 Stockholm  Sweden. Completed forms must be received by Computershare not later than Friday  April 21  2023. Shareholders may also cast their votes electronically through verification with BankID via the Company's website home.sandvik. Such electronic votes must also be submitted not later than Friday  April 21  2023.The shareholders may not provide special instructions or conditions to the postal vote. If so  the entire postal vote is invalid. Further instructions and conditions can be found in the postal voting form.If a shareholder submits its postal vote through a representative  a written and dated proxy signed by the shareholder must be attached to the postal voting form. Proxy forms are available on the Company's website. A proxy issued by a legal entity must be accompanied by a registration certificate or other authorization document.Shareholders who wish to attend the Meeting in person or by proxy must give notice to the Company in accordance with the instructions under ""Participation in person or by proxy"" above. This means that a notice of participation by postal voting only is not enough for a shareholder who wants to attend the Meeting in person or by proxy.Shares registered in the name of a nomineeShareholders whose shares are registered in the name of a nominee must  to be entitled to participate in the Meeting (including via postal voting)  temporarily have re-registered the shares in their own name so that the shareholder is registered in the share register as of Wednesday  April 19  2023. Please note that this procedure also applies with respect to shares held on a bank's shareholder deposit account and certain investment savings accounts. Request for such voting rights registration shall be made to the nominee  in accordance with the nominee's routines  at such time in advance as decided by the nominee. Voting rights registration that has been made by the nominee not later than Friday  April 21  2023 will be taken into account in the preparation of the share register.AgendaOpening of the Meeting. Election of Chairman of the Meeting. Preparation and approval of the voting list. Election of one or two persons to verify the minutes. Approval of the agenda. Examination of whether the Meeting has been duly convened. Presentation of the Annual Report  Auditor's Report and the Group Accounts and Auditor's Report for the Group. Speech by the President and CEO. Resolution in respect of adoption of the Profit and Loss Account  Balance Sheet  Consolidated Profit and Loss Account and Consolidated Balance Sheet. Resolution in respect of discharge from liability of the Board members and the President for the period to which the accounts relate. Resolution in respect of allocation of the Company's result in accordance with the adopted Balance Sheet and resolution on record day. Determination of the number of Board members and Auditors. Determination of fees to the Board of Directors and Auditor. Election of Board members: Jennifer Allerton Claes Boustedt Marika Fredriksson Johan Molin Andreas Nordbrandt Helena Stjernholm Stefan Widing Kai Wärn Election of Chairman of the Board. Election of Auditor. Presentation and approval of the Board's remuneration report. Resolution on a long-term incentive program (LTI 2023). Authorization on acquisition of the Company's own shares. Closing of the Meeting.PROPOSALS FOR RESOLUTIONSItem 2 – Election of Chairman of the MeetingThe Nomination Committee consists of its Chairman Fredrik Lundberg (AB Industrivärden)  Anna Magnusson (Alecta)  Marianne Nilsson (Swedbank Robur Funds)  Lars Pettersson (Lundbergs) and Johan Molin (Sandvik's Chairman of the Board).The Nomination Committee proposes attorney Patrik Marcelius as Chairman of the Meeting or  in the event he is prevented from participating  the person appointed by the Nomination Committee.Item 3 – Preparation and approval of the voting listThe voting list proposed for approval is the voting list drawn up by Computershare on behalf of the Company  based on the Annual General Meeting's share register  shareholders having given notice of participation and being present at the meeting venue  and postal votes received.Item 11 – Dividend and record dayThe Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting resolve on a dividend of SEK 5.00 per share. Tuesday  May 2  2023 is proposed as the record day. If the Meeting approves these proposals  it is estimated that the dividend be paid by Euroclear Sweden AB on Friday  May 5  2023.Item 12 – Determination of the number of Board members and AuditorsThe Nomination Committee proposes eight Board members and one registered public accounting firm as Auditor.Item 13 – Determination of fees to the Board of Directors and AuditorThe Nomination Committee proposes fees to the Board of Directors as follows:Chairman of the Board of Directors: SEK 2 875 000 (2 750 000)(2 750 000) Other Board members not employed by the Company: SEK 770 000 (740 000) each(740 000) each Chairman of the Audit Committee: SEK 338 000 (325 000)(325 000) Other members of the Audit Committee: SEK 192 000 (185 000) each(185 000) each Chairman of the Remuneration Committee: SEK 161 000 (155 000)(155 000) Other members of the Remuneration Committee: SEK 127 000 (122 000) each(122 000) each Chairman of the Acquisitions and Divestitures Committee: SEK 218 000 (210 000)(210 000) Other members of the Acquisitions and Divestitures Committee: SEK 161 000 (155 000) eachFees to the Auditor shall be paid in accordance with approved invoices.Item 14 – Election of Board membersThe Nomination Committee proposes the election of the following persons as Board members:Jennifer Allerton (re-election) Claes Boustedt (re-election) Marika Fredriksson (re-election) Johan Molin (re-election) Andreas Nordbrandt (re-election) Helena Stjernholm (re-election) Stefan Widing (re-election) Kai Wärn (re-election)Item 15 – Election of Chairman of the BoardThe Nomination Committee proposes re-election of Johan Molin as Chairman of the Board of Directors.Item 16 – Election of AuditorThe Nomination Committee proposes  pursuant to the recommendation of the Audit Committee  re-election of PricewaterhouseCoopers AB as Auditor for the period until the end of the 2024 Annual General Meeting.Item 18 – Resolution on a long-term incentive program (LTI 2023)BackgroundSince 2014 Sandvik's Annual General Meeting has annually resolved on long-term incentive programs for senior executives and key employees  in the form of performance share programs requiring investment by all participants. The Board of Directors considers that these programs fulfill their purpose of aligning the interests of the participants and the shareholders  strengthening the Sandvik Group's ability to attract  retain and motivate qualified employees and strengthening Sandvik's focus and objective to meet its long-term business goals. Accordingly  the Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting resolve on a long-term incentive program for senior executives and key employees for 2023 (""LTI 2023"") on the below terms and conditions.GeneralLTI 2023 encompasses approximately 350 senior executives and key contributors in the Sandvik Group. The maximum number of Sandvik shares that can be allocated pursuant to LTI 2023 is 2.0 million shares  which corresponds to approximately 0.16 percent of the number of outstanding shares in Sandvik.To participate in LTI 2023 the employee is required to invest in Sandvik shares at market price no later than June 30  2023 (""Investment Shares""). If the employee is not able to invest before this date due to being entered in an insider list (logbook) kept by Sandvik  the Board of Directors shall be entitled to postpone the date of investment for such employee. The employee may within the scope of LTI 2023 invest up to an amount corresponding to 10 percent of the employee's fixed annual salary before tax at the time of the investment.Provided such acquisition of Investment Shares is made  participants of LTI 2023 will be entitled to allotment of Sandvik shares  free of charge  after a period of three years on the terms and conditions set forth below.Performance SharesEach acquired Investment Share entitles participants to be allotted Sandvik shares provided certain performance targets are met (""Performance Shares""). The maximum number of Performance Shares that may be allotted for each acquired Investment Share depends on the Participant's program category as follows:8 for the President 7 for each additional member of the Group Executive Management (currently 9 persons) 6 for each senior manager (approximately 60 persons)  and5 for each key contributor (approximately 280 persons).Each member of the Group Executive Management shall nominate the persons that are to be offered participation in LTI 2023 and that are to be classified as senior manager and key contributor  respectively  based on position  qualification  and individual performance. All nominations are to be approved by the President and CEO.The number of Performance Shares that will finally be allotted to the participant for each acquired Investment Share is dependent on the development of the Sandvik Group adjusted Earnings Per Share (""EPS"")  excluding amortizations and other accounting effects arising from business combinations  during the financial year 2023 (""EPS 2023"")  compared to adjusted EPS  excluding amortizations and other accounting effects arising from business combinations  for the financial year 2022 (""EPS 2022""). The Board of Directors establishes the levels regarding adjusted EPS that must be attained for allotment of a certain number of Performance Shares. Allotment will take place as follows:One Performance Share will be allotted for each acquired Investment Share if EPS 2023 exceeds EPS 2022.For any remaining Performance Shares to be allotted EPS 2023 growth must exceed 5 percent in relation to EPS 2022. The EPS growth required for the maximum number of Performance Shares to be allotted for each acquired Investment Share is established by the Board of Directors.The level required for maximum allotment and the extent to which the established levels are attained will be disclosed in the 2023 Annual Report.Prerequisites for allotmentThe allotment of Performance Shares requires continuous employment and that all Investment Shares be held during a period of three years from the acquisition of the Investment Shares (""Vesting Period""). The Chairman of the Board of Directors may in special cases grant exemptions from these requirements for individual participants  whereas the Board of Directors may decide on any such exemption concerning groups of participants. If the prerequisites for allotment set forth for LTI 2023 are met  allotment of Performance Shares will take place during 2026  and no later than June 30  2026. The allotment will take place free of charge  subject to tax.Adjustment of the number of Performance Shares etc.Before the allotment of Performance Shares takes place  the Board of Directors shall consider whether the number of Performance Shares is reasonable taking into account the financial results and position of Sandvik  the impact of larger acquisitions  divestments and other significant capital transactions  stock market conditions and other circumstances. If the Board of Directors deems that this is not the case  the Board of Directors shall reduce the number of Performance Shares to the lower number the Board of Directors finds appropriate or decide that no allotment should take place.In the event of a bonus issue  split  rights issue and/or other similar events in Sandvik  the Board of Directors shall be entitled to decide on the recalculation of the terms of LTI 2023.An alternative cash-based incentive solution may be implemented for participants incountries where the acquisition of Investment Shares or allotment of Performance Shares is not appropriate  or if such solution is otherwise considered appropriate. Such alternative incentive solution shall to the extent practically possible be designed to correspond to the terms of LTI 2023. The President and CEO shall be authorized to decide which persons that should be offered participation in the cash-based incentive solution.The Board of Directors  or a committee appointed by the Board of Directors for this purpose  shall be responsible for the detailed design and administration of LTI 2023 based on the main terms set forth herein.The right to be allotted Performance Shares cannot be transferred and does not give the participant a right to compensation for dividend distributed during the Vesting Period with respect to the underlying shares.Costs of LTI 2023 and hedging arrangementsThe number of Sandvik shares that will be needed for LTI 2023 will depend on the Sandvik share price at investment and the participation rate. To secure an adequate number of shares  given the increased market volatility  a Sandvik share price of SEK 165 has been used when calculating the maximum number of shares needed. Based on this share price the total cost of LTI 2023 is estimated at up to SEK 348 million. The costs have been calculated as the sum of personnel costs  including social security costs of SEK 58 million  and administration costs of approximately SEK 2 million for the program. Based on a share price of SEK 210 (which would result in fewer Sandvik shares being needed) the total cost is estimated at up to SEK 357 million  of which SEK 59 million constitutes social security cost and approximately SEK 2 million constitutes administration costs. The costs for LTI 2023 will be allocated over the years 2023–2025.Sandvik intends to secure its commitment to deliver Sandvik shares under LTI 2023 through a share swap agreement with a third party. The interest cost for such a share swap is estimated at approximately SEK 1.45 million per year based on the current interest levels  regardless of whether the calculation is based on a share price of SEK 165 or SEK 210. Against this cost  however  stands the value of possible dividends.Preparation of the proposalThe proposal has been prepared by the Board's Remuneration Committee and has been discussed and resolved on by the Board of Directors. The President has not taken part in the Board of Directors' discussion and resolution with respect to the proposal.Majority requirementThe resolution regarding LTI 2023 requires a majority of more than half of the votes cast at the Meeting.OtherFor a description of other long-term incentive programs within Sandvik reference is made to note G4 in Sandvik's 2022 Annual Report and to the Company's website.Item 19 – Authorization of the Board of Directors to resolve on acquisition of the Company's own sharesThe Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting authorizes the Board of Directors to  for the period until the 2024 Annual General Meeting  resolve on acquisitions of the Company's own shares in accordance with the following conditions.Acquisitions shall take place on Nasdaq Stockholm.Acquisitions may only be made at a price per share within the price range (spread) applicable from time to time  meaning the spread between the highest purchase price and the lowest selling price prevailing and disseminated by Nasdaq Stockholm from time to time.The Company may acquire a maximum number of shares so that the Company's holding at any time does not exceed 10 per cent of the total number of shares in the Company.The authorization may be utilized on one or several occasions up to the 2024 Annual General Meeting.The purpose of the authorization is to enable the Board of Directors to continuously adapt the Company's capital structure and thereby contribute to increased shareholder value.In order for the resolution on authorization to be valid  it must be supported by shareholders representing at least two thirds of the votes cast as well as the shares represented at the Annual General Meeting.INFORMATION AT THE ANNUAL GENERAL MEETINGThe Board of Directors and the President shall  if any shareholder so requests and the Board of Directors believes that it can be done without material harm to the Company  provide information regarding circumstances that may affect the assessment of an item on the agenda  and circumstances that can affect the assessment of the Company's or its subsidiaries' financial situation  or the Company's relation to other group companies.DOCUMENTATIONThe Nomination Committee's proposals under items 2 and 12–16 and the Board of Directors' proposals under items 11 and 18–19 are included in their entirety in this notice. The Nomination Committee's statement and the presentation of the proposed Board members are available on the Company's website home.sandvik. Accounting documents  the Board of Directors' remuneration report  the Auditor's Report and the Auditor's statement regarding the application of the guidelines for remuneration  as well as the Board of Directors' statement pursuant to Chapter 19  Section 22 of the Swedish Companies Act are available at Sandvik AB  Kungsbron 1  section G  floor 6  Stockholm  Sweden  as well as on the Company's website. Copies of the documents will be sent without charge to those shareholders who so request and provide their address to the Company.SHARES AND VOTESThe total number of shares and votes in the Company is 1 254 385 923.PROCESSING OF PERSONAL DATASandvik Aktiebolag  reg. no. 556000-3468  is the controller of the processing of personal data performed by the Company or its service providers in connection with the Meeting. For information on how your personal data is processed  please see https://www.euroclear.com/dam/ESwithLegal/Privacy-notice-bolagsstammor-engelska.pdf.Stockholm  March 2023SANDVIK AKTIEBOLAG (PUBL)The Board of DirectorsThe following files are available for download:https://mb.cision.com/Main/208/3738454/1933138.pdf Annual General Meeting of Sandvik AktiebolagSOURCE Sandvik",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.01,0.99,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'Sandvik Aktiebolag', 'Göransson Arena', 'Wilhelm Haglund medal', 'Sigrid Göransson', 'other authorization document', 'investment savings accounts', 'Such electronic votes', 'entire postal vote', 'Euroclear Sweden AB', 'Annual General Meeting', 'corporate registration number', 'voting rights registration', 'Sandvik Sustainability Award', 'postal voting form', 'shareholder deposit account', 'voting list', 'postal votes', 'Computershare AB', 'registration certificate', 'Sätragatan', 'two ways', 'share register', 'legal entity', 'The Board', 'special form', 'Completed forms', 'Sandvik Aktiebolag', 'telephone number', 'special instructions', 'Further instructions', 'Proxy forms', 'state name', 'dated proxy', 'March', 'PRNewswire', 'shareholders', 'Thursday', 'April', 'Sandviken', 'Memory', 'place', 'Coffee', 'tea', 'PARTICIPATE', 'Notice', 'person', 'case', 'shares', 'nominee', 'Participation', 'Wednesday', 'intention', 'Friday', 'Company', 'website', 'weekdays', 'letter', 'AGM', 'Box', 'Stockholm', 'address', 'assistants', 'written', 'advance', 'Directors', 'mail', 'verification', 'BankID', 'conditions', 'representative', 'accordance', 'procedure', 'respect', 'Request', 'routines', 'time', 'preparation', 'Agenda', 'Opening', 'Election', 'Chairman', 'approval', '4:00', '2:30', '3:30', '9:00']",2023-03-22,2023-03-23,prnewswire.com
21068,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,Euroclear selects Reece to head new collateral management unit https://t.co/VH81wISzoF,nan,Euroclear selects Reece to head new collateral management unit https://t.co/VH81wISzoF,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['new collateral management unit', 'Euroclear', 'Reece', 'VH81wISzoF', 'new collateral management unit', 'Euroclear', 'Reece', 'VH81wISzoF']",2023-03-23,2023-03-23,Unknown
21069,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,@PeterRHann1 @jonnyhudson71 I have Crest which is part of Euroclear with @freetrade pretty sure it’s the same… https://t.co/JpS62XBdN9,nan,@PeterRHann1 @jonnyhudson71 I have Crest which is part of Euroclear with @freetrade pretty sure it’s the same… https://t.co/JpS62XBdN9,neutral,0.15,0.84,0.01,neutral,0.15,0.84,0.01,True,English,"['PeterRHann1', 'jonnyhudson71', 'Crest', 'part', 'Euroclear', 'JpS62XBdN9', 'PeterRHann1', 'jonnyhudson71', 'Crest', 'part', 'Euroclear', 'JpS62XBdN9']",2023-03-23,2023-03-23,Unknown
21070,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,Euroclear selects Reece to head new collateral management unit Former J.P. Morgan veteran Mike Reece has joined Eur… https://t.co/IT5AlWwW6Q,nan,Euroclear selects Reece to head new collateral management unit Former J.P. Morgan veteran Mike Reece has joined Eur… https://t.co/IT5AlWwW6Q,neutral,0.03,0.96,0.01,neutral,0.03,0.96,0.01,True,English,"['Former J.P. Morgan veteran Mike Reece', 'new collateral management unit', 'Euroclear', 'IT5AlWwW6Q', 'Former J.P. Morgan veteran Mike Reece', 'new collateral management unit', 'Euroclear', 'IT5AlWwW6Q']",2023-03-23,2023-03-23,Unknown
21071,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,Euroclear selects Reece to head new collateral management unit. Former J.P. Morgan veteran Mike Reece has joined Eu… https://t.co/GZn0vPGxrF,nan,Euroclear selects Reece to head new collateral management unit. Former J.P. Morgan veteran Mike Reece has joined Eu… https://t.co/GZn0vPGxrF,neutral,0.05,0.94,0.01,neutral,0.05,0.94,0.01,True,English,"['Former J.P. Morgan veteran Mike Reece', 'new collateral management unit', 'Euroclear', 'GZn0vPGxrF', 'Former J.P. Morgan veteran Mike Reece', 'new collateral management unit', 'Euroclear', 'GZn0vPGxrF']",2023-03-23,2023-03-23,Unknown
21072,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,We are urgently looking for the providers for the Seasoned  Slightly Seasoned MTN  SBLC on Euroclear. We are lookin… https://t.co/sO3zr9aO5v,nan,We are urgently looking for the providers for the Seasoned  Slightly Seasoned MTN  SBLC on Euroclear. We are lookin… https://t.co/sO3zr9aO5v,neutral,0.06,0.93,0.01,neutral,0.06,0.93,0.01,True,English,"['providers', 'Seasoned', 'MTN', 'SBLC', 'Euroclear', 'providers', 'Seasoned', 'MTN', 'SBLC', 'Euroclear']",2023-03-23,2023-03-23,Unknown
21073,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,Citi names company veteran Anand Selva to lead risk management overhaul #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/YimkHV26FU #regtech,nan,Citi names company veteran Anand Selva to lead risk management overhaul #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/YimkHV26FU #regtech,neutral,0.0,0.97,0.03,neutral,0.0,0.97,0.03,True,English,"['company veteran Anand Selva', 'risk management overhaul', 'Citi', 'company veteran Anand Selva', 'risk management overhaul', 'Citi']",2023-03-22,2023-03-23,Unknown
21074,Clearstream,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/DEUTSCHE-BORSE-AG-449617/news/Deutsche-Borse-AG-US-court-grants-judgment-to-plaintiffs-group-seeking-turnover-of-assets-attribut-43314247/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230322,Deutsche Börse AG: US court grants judgment to plaintiffs' group seeking turnover of assets attributed to Bank Markazi and held by Clearstream,(marketscreener.com) EQS-Ad-hoc: Deutsche Börse AG / Key word: Legal MatterDeutsche Börse AG: US court grants judgment to plaintiffs’ group seeking turnover of assets attributed to Bank Markazi and held by Clearstream 22-March-2023 / 21:04 CET/CESTDis…,EQS-Ad-hoc: Deutsche Börse AG / Key word(s): Legal MatterDeutsche Börse AG: US court grants judgment to plaintiffs’ group seeking turnover of assets attributed to Bank Markazi and held by Clearstream22-March-2023 / 21:04 CET/CESTDisclosure of an inside information acc. to Article 17 MAR of the Regulation (EU) No 596/2014  transmitted by EQS News - a service of EQS Group AG.The issuer is solely responsible for the content of this announcement.Clearstream Banking S.A.  Luxembourg („Clearstream“)  a 100 per cent subsidiary of Deutsche Börse AG  learned today that a US court in the so-called Peterson II case (see annual report of 2022  page 236 et seq.) awarded judgment to creditors of Iran who had brought a lawsuit seeking turnover of approximately USD 1.7 bn that are attributed to the Iranian central bank (”Bank Markazi“) and held in custody at Clearstream in Luxembourg in a client account. Clearstream is considering appealing the decision.Since 2018  Bank Markazi also as part of an action filed in Luxembourg against (among others) Clearstream is asking for restitution of considerable amounts of assets including the abovementioned amount of approximately USD 1.7 bn (see ad hoc announcement of Deutsche Börse AG of 18 January 2018). This action is currently still being briefed in the first instance proceedings. Clearstream after legal consultation believes the claims made against it in Luxembourg to be without merit.Clearstream  after comprehensive legal consultation and within the scope of its potential courses of action  will weigh all relevant interests and responsibilities as to how to deal with the assets at issue while complying with Clearstream's legal and regulatory obligations.Based on the legal assessment of the mentioned cases  today’s decision does not cause any material change to the overall risk that would require Clearstream or Deutsche Börse AG to make provisions in this context.Contact:Ingrid HaasGroup CommunicationsDeutsche Börse AGTelefon: +49 69 211 1 32 17Leticia AdamGroup CommunicationsDeutsche Börse AGTelefon: +49 69 211 1 27 66E-Mail: media-relations@deutsche-boerse.com 22-March-2023 CET/CEST The EQS Distribution Services include Regulatory Announcements  Financial/Corporate News and Press Releases.Archive at www.eqs-news.com,neutral,0.0,0.89,0.11,mixed,0.26,0.08,0.66,True,English,"['Deutsche Börse AG', 'US court', ""plaintiffs' group"", 'Bank Markazi', 'judgment', 'turnover', 'assets', 'Clearstream', 'Deutsche Börse AG', 'Ingrid Haas Group Communications', 'Leticia Adam Group Communications', 'The EQS Distribution Services', 'Clearstream Banking S.A.', 'EQS Group AG', '100 per cent subsidiary', 'Peterson II case', 'first instance proceedings', 'Iranian central bank', 'ad hoc announcement', 'comprehensive legal consultation', 'plaintiffs’ group', 'EQS News', 'Bank Markazi', 'Key word', 'Legal Matter', 'US court', 'inside information', 'annual report', 'client account', 'considerable amounts', 'potential courses', 'relevant interests', 'regulatory obligations', 'legal assessment', 'material change', 'overall risk', 'Regulatory Announcements', 'Financial/Corporate News', 'Press Releases', 'judgment', 'turnover', 'assets', 'CEST', 'Disclosure', 'Article', 'Regulation', 'issuer', 'content', 'Luxembourg', 'page', 'creditors', 'lawsuit', 'USD', 'custody', 'decision', 'part', 'action', 'others', 'restitution', '18 January', 'claims', 'merit', 'scope', 'cases', 'provisions', 'context', 'Contact', 'Telefon', 'Mail', 'relations', 'boerse', 'Archive']",2023-03-22,2023-03-23,marketscreener.com
21075,Clearstream,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/DEUTSCHE-BORSE-AG-449617/news/Deutsche-Borse-with-defeat-in-the-U-S-in-the-dispute-over-billions-from-Iran-43314773/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230322,Deutsche Börse with defeat in the U.S. in the dispute over billions from Iran,(marketscreener.com) Deutsche Börse is facing defeat in the multibillion-dollar legal dispute over funds from Iran in the United States. Based on the legal assessment  the decision by a U.S. court did not result in a significant change in the risk situation t…,FRANKFURT (dpa-AFX) - Deutsche Börse is facing defeat in the multibillion-dollar legal dispute over funds from Iran in the United States. Based on the legal assessment  the decision by a U.S. court did not result in a significant change in the risk situation that would require the formation of a provision  the DAX-listed group announced in Frankfurt on Wednesday evening.The plaintiff creditors of Iran had been awarded a claim by a U.S. court for the transfer of around 1.7 billion U.S. dollars in assets attributed to the Central Bank of Iran - also known as Bank Markazi - and held in a customer account by Clearstream in Luxembourg. Clearstream is considering appealing the decision  the statement added.Similarly  the Central Bank of Iran has already been demanding the handover of substantial assets  including the aforementioned amount of around $1.7 billion  for its part since 2018 as part of a lawsuit filed in Luxembourg against Clearstream  among others  it added. The lawsuit is currently still being heard in the first instance  according to Deutsche Börse. Clearstream continues to assume that the lawsuit in Luxembourg is unfounded  it said.The background is a legal dispute that has been ongoing for many years regarding Iranian assets that have been frozen on suspicion of terrorist financing. Deutsche Börse is involved in the case through its Luxembourg subsidiary Clearstream  which manages securities on behalf of customers and handles the settlement of purchases or sales./jha/,negative,0.0,0.0,1.0,mixed,0.1,0.14,0.77,True,English,"['Deutsche Börse', 'U.S.', 'defeat', 'dispute', 'billions', 'Iran', '1.7 billion U.S. dollars', 'U.S. court', 'Deutsche Börse', 'multibillion-dollar legal dispute', 'legal assessment', 'United States', 'significant change', 'risk situation', 'DAX-listed group', 'Wednesday evening', 'plaintiff creditors', 'Central Bank', 'Bank Markazi', 'customer account', 'first instance', 'many years', 'terrorist financing', 'substantial assets', 'Iranian assets', 'Luxembourg subsidiary', 'FRANKFURT', 'defeat', 'funds', 'decision', 'formation', 'provision', 'claim', 'transfer', 'Clearstream', 'statement', 'handover', 'amount', 'part', 'lawsuit', 'others', 'background', 'suspicion', 'case', 'securities', 'behalf', 'customers', 'settlement', 'purchases', 'sales']",2023-03-22,2023-03-23,marketscreener.com
21076,Clearstream,NewsApi.org,https://www.fxempire.com/news/article/u-s-judge-orders-1-68-billion-payout-to-families-over-1983-beirut-bombing-1318891,U.S. judge orders $1.68 billion payout to families over 1983 Beirut bombing,(Reuters) -   A federal judge in New York ordered Iran&#039;s central bank and a European intermediary on Wednesday to pay out $1.68 billion to family members of troops killed in the 1983 car bombing of the U.S. Marine Corps barracks in Lebanon.,U.S. District Judge Loretta Preska said a 2019 federal law stripped Bank Markazi  the Iran central bank  of sovereign immunity from the lawsuit  which sought to enforce a judgment against Iran for providing material support to the attackers.The lawsuit also names Luxembourg-based Clearstream Banking SA  which is holding the assets in a client account. Clearstream parent company Deutsche Boerse AG said on Wednesday that it is considering appealing against the decision.Clearstream will “weigh all relevant interests and responsibilities” and comply with its legal and regulatory obligations in handling the funds  Deutsche Boerse said.The exchange said that it does not view the ruling as increasing the risk from the lawsuit in a way that would require the companies to make financial provisions.Attorneys for the parties did not immediately respond to requests for comment.The Oct. 23  1983  bombing at the Marine Corps barracks killed 241 U.S. service members.Victims and their families won a $2.65 billion judgment against Iran in federal court in 2007 over the attack.Six years later  they sought to seize bond proceeds allegedly owned by Bank Markazi and processed by Clearstream to partially satisfy the court judgment.Bank Markazi has argued that the lawsuit was not allowed under the Foreign Sovereign Immunities Act (FSIA)  which generally shields foreign governments from liability in U.S. courts.In January 2020  the U.S. Supreme Court overturned a lower court ruling in the families’ favor  and ordered the case to be reconsidered in light a the new law  adopted a month earlier as part of the National Defense Authorization Act.Preska said the 2019 law authorizes U.S. courts to allow the seizure of assets held outside the country to satisfy judgments against Iran in terrorism cases  “notwithstanding” other laws such as FSIA that would grant immunity.A Luxembourg court in 2021 ordered Clearstream not to move the funds until a court in that country recognizes the U.S. ruling. Clearstream has appealed that decision.The case is Peterson et al v. Islamic Republic of Iran et al  U.S. District Court  Southern District of New York  No. 13-09195.(Reporting by Jody Godoy in New York; Editing by Sandra Maler),neutral,0.0,0.58,0.42,negative,0.0,0.11,0.89,True,English,"['U.S. judge', '$1.68 billion payout', '1983 Beirut bombing', 'families', 'U.S. District Judge Loretta Preska', 'National Defense Authorization Act', '241 U.S. service members', 'U.S. Supreme Court', 'U.S. District Court', 'Foreign Sovereign Immunities Act', 'Luxembourg-based Clearstream Banking SA', 'U.S. courts', 'U.S. ruling', 'Marine Corps barracks', 'Deutsche Boerse AG', 'lower court ruling', 'Clearstream parent company', 'Iran central bank', 'Southern District', 'foreign governments', 'federal court', 'Luxembourg court', 'sovereign immunity', 'Bank Markazi', 'court judgment', 'material support', 'client account', 'relevant interests', 'regulatory obligations', 'financial provisions', 'bond proceeds', 'terrorism cases', 'other laws', 'Islamic Republic', 'New York', 'Jody Godoy', 'Sandra Maler', '2019 federal law', '$2.65 billion judgment', 'new law', 'families’ favor', '2019 law', 'lawsuit', 'attackers', 'assets', 'Wednesday', 'decision', 'legal', 'funds', 'exchange', 'risk', 'way', 'companies', 'Attorneys', 'parties', 'requests', 'comment', 'bombing', 'Victims', 'FSIA', 'liability', 'January', 'light', 'seizure', 'country', 'judgments', 'Peterson', 'Editing']",2023-03-22,2023-03-23,fxempire.com
21077,Clearstream,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/DEUTSCHE-BORSE-AG-449617/news/U-S-judge-orders-1-68-billion-payout-to-families-over-1983-Beirut-bombing-43313818/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230322,U.S. judge orders $1.68 billion payout to families over 1983 Beirut bombing,(marketscreener.com) A federal judge in New York ordered Iran's central bank and a European intermediary on Wednesday to pay out $1.68 billion to family members of troops killed in the 1983 car bombing of the U.S. Marine Corps barracks in Lebanon.https://www.…,"U.S. District Judge Loretta Preska said a 2019 federal law stripped Bank Markazi  the Iran central bank  of sovereign immunity from the lawsuit  which sought to enforce a judgment against Iran for providing material support to the attackers.Attorneys for the parties did not immediately respond to requests for comment.The Oct. 23  1983  bombing at the Marine Corps barracks killed 241 U.S. service members.Victims and their families won a $2.65 billion judgment against Iran in federal court in 2007 over the attack.Six years later  they sought to seize bond proceeds allegedly owned by Bank Markazi and processed by Clearstream Banking SA  a Luxembourg-based unit of Deutsche Boerse AG  to partially satisfy the court judgment.Bank Markazi has argued that the lawsuit was not allowed under the Foreign Sovereign Immunities Act (FSIA)  which generally shields foreign governments from liability in U.S. courts.In January 2020  the U.S. Supreme Court overturned a lower court ruling in the families' favor  and ordered the case to be reconsidered in light of the new law  which was adopted the month before as part of the National Defense Authorization Act.Preska said the 2019 law authorizes U.S. courts to allow the seizure of assets held outside the country to satisfy judgments against Iran in terrorism cases  ""notwithstanding"" other laws such as FSIA that would grant immunity.A Luxembourg court in 2021 ordered Clearstream not to move the funds until a court in that country recognizes the U.S. ruling. Clearstream has appealed that decision.The case is Peterson et al v. Islamic Republic of Iran et al  U.S. District Court  Southern District of New York  No. 13-09195.(Reporting by Jody Godoy in New York)",neutral,0.0,0.58,0.42,negative,0.0,0.07,0.93,True,English,"['U.S. judge', '$1.68 billion payout', '1983 Beirut bombing', 'families', 'U.S. District Judge Loretta Preska', 'National Defense Authorization Act', '241 U.S. service members', 'U.S. Supreme Court', 'U.S. District Court', 'Foreign Sovereign Immunities Act', 'U.S. courts', 'U.S. ruling', 'Marine Corps barracks', 'Deutsche Boerse AG', 'lower court ruling', 'Clearstream Banking SA', 'Iran central bank', 'Southern District', 'foreign governments', 'federal court', 'Luxembourg court', 'sovereign immunity', 'Bank Markazi', 'court judgment', 'material support', 'bond proceeds', 'Luxembourg-based unit', 'terrorism cases', 'other laws', 'Islamic Republic', 'New York', 'Jody Godoy', '2019 federal law', '$2.65 billion judgment', 'new law', ""families' favor"", '2019 law', 'lawsuit', 'attackers', 'Attorneys', 'parties', 'requests', 'comment', 'bombing', 'Victims', 'FSIA', 'liability', 'January', 'light', 'seizure', 'assets', 'country', 'judgments', 'funds', 'decision', 'Peterson']",2023-03-22,2023-03-23,marketscreener.com
21078,Clearstream,NewsApi.org,https://www.investing.com/news/general/us-judge-orders-168-billion-payout-to-families-over-1983-beirut-bombing-3037021,U.S. judge orders $1.68 billion payout to families over 1983 Beirut bombing By Reuters,U.S. judge orders $1.68 billion payout to families over 1983 Beirut bombing,"DB1Gn -0.11% Add to/Remove from WatchlistBy Jody Godoy(Reuters) -A federal judge in New York ordered Iran's central bank and a European intermediary on Wednesday to pay out $1.68 billion to family members of troops killed in the 1983 car bombing of the U.S. Marine Corps barracks in Lebanon.U.S. District Judge Loretta Preska said a 2019 federal law stripped Bank Markazi  the Iran central bank  of sovereign immunity from the lawsuit  which sought to enforce a judgment against Iran for providing material support to the attackers.The lawsuit also names Luxembourg-based Clearstream Banking SA  which is holding the assets in a client account. Clearstream parent company Deutsche Boerse (ETR: ) AG said on Wednesday that it is considering appealing against the decision.Clearstream will ""weigh all relevant interests and responsibilities"" and comply with its legal and regulatory obligations in handling the funds  Deutsche Boerse said.The exchange said that it does not view the ruling as increasing the risk from the lawsuit in a way that would require the companies to make financial provisions.Attorneys for the parties did not immediately respond to requests for comment.The Oct. 23  1983  bombing at the Marine Corps barracks killed 241 U.S. service members.Victims and their families won a $2.65 billion judgment against Iran in federal court in 2007 over the attack.Six years later  they sought to seize bond proceeds allegedly owned by Bank Markazi and processed by Clearstream to partially satisfy the court judgment.Bank Markazi has argued that the lawsuit was not allowed under the Foreign Sovereign Immunities Act (FSIA)  which generally shields foreign governments from liability in U.S. courts.In January 2020  the U.S. Supreme Court overturned a lower court ruling in the families' favor  and ordered the case to be reconsidered in light a the new law  adopted a month earlier as part of the National Defense Authorization Act.Preska said the 2019 law authorizes U.S. courts to allow the seizure of assets held outside the country to satisfy judgments against Iran in terrorism cases  ""notwithstanding"" other laws such as FSIA that would grant immunity.A Luxembourg court in 2021 ordered Clearstream not to move the funds until a court in that country recognizes the U.S. ruling. Clearstream has appealed that decision.The case is Peterson et al v. Islamic Republic of Iran et al  U.S. District Court  Southern District of New York  No. 13-09195.",neutral,0.0,0.72,0.28,negative,0.0,0.07,0.92,True,English,"['U.S. judge', '$1.68 billion payout', '1983 Beirut bombing', 'families', 'Reuters', 'U.S. District Judge Loretta Preska', 'U.S. Marine Corps barracks', 'National Defense Authorization Act', '241 U.S. service members', 'U.S. Supreme Court', 'U.S. District Court', 'Foreign Sovereign Immunities Act', 'Luxembourg-based Clearstream Banking SA', 'U.S. courts', 'U.S. ruling', 'lower court ruling', 'Clearstream parent company', 'Iran central bank', 'federal judge', 'Southern District', 'family members', 'foreign governments', 'federal court', 'Luxembourg court', 'sovereign immunity', 'court judgment', 'Bank Markazi', 'Jody Godoy', 'New York', 'European intermediary', 'material support', 'client account', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'relevant interests', 'regulatory obligations', 'financial provisions', 'bond proceeds', 'terrorism cases', 'other laws', 'Islamic Republic', '2019 federal law', '$2.65 billion judgment', 'new law', '1983 car bombing', ""families' favor"", '2019 law', 'DB1Gn', 'Watchlist', 'Reuters', 'Wednesday', 'troops', 'Lebanon', 'lawsuit', 'attackers', 'assets', 'ETR', 'AG', 'decision', 'legal', 'funds', 'exchange', 'risk', 'way', 'companies', 'Attorneys', 'parties', 'requests', 'comment', 'Victims', 'FSIA', 'liability', 'January', 'light', 'seizure', 'country', 'judgments', 'Peterson']",2023-03-22,2023-03-23,investing.com
21079,Clearstream,NewsApi.org,https://www.thestar.com.my/news/world/2023/03/23/us-judge-orders-168-billion-payout-to-families-over-1983-beirut-bombing,U.S. judge orders $1.68 billion payout to families over 1983 Beirut bombing,(Reuters) - A federal judge in New York ordered Iran's central bank and a European intermediary on Wednesday to pay out $1.68 billion to family members of troops killed in the 1983 car bombing of the U.S. Marine Corps barracks in Lebanon. Read full story,"(Reuters) - A federal judge in New York ordered Iran's central bank and a European intermediary on Wednesday to pay out $1.68 billion to family members of troops killed in the 1983 car bombing of the U.S. Marine Corps barracks in Lebanon.U.S. District Judge Loretta Preska said a 2019 federal law stripped Bank Markazi  the Iran central bank  of sovereign immunity from the lawsuit  which sought to enforce a judgment against Iran for providing material support to the attackers.Attorneys for the parties did not immediately respond to requests for comment.The Oct. 23  1983  bombing at the Marine Corps barracks killed 241 U.S. service members.Victims and their families won a $2.65 billion judgment against Iran in federal court in 2007 over the attack.Six years later  they sought to seize bond proceeds allegedly owned by Bank Markazi and processed by Clearstream Banking SA  a Luxembourg-based unit of Deutsche Boerse AG  to partially satisfy the court judgment.Bank Markazi has argued that the lawsuit was not allowed under the Foreign Sovereign Immunities Act (FSIA)  which generally shields foreign governments from liability in U.S. courts.In January 2020  the U.S. Supreme Court overturned a lower court ruling in the families' favor  and ordered the case to be reconsidered in light of the new law  which was adopted the month before as part of the National Defense Authorization Act.Preska said the 2019 law authorizes U.S. courts to allow the seizure of assets held outside the country to satisfy judgments against Iran in terrorism cases  ""notwithstanding"" other laws such as FSIA that would grant immunity.A Luxembourg court in 2021 ordered Clearstream not to move the funds until a court in that country recognizes the U.S. ruling. Clearstream has appealed that decision.The case is Peterson et al v. Islamic Republic of Iran et al  U.S. District Court  Southern District of New York  No. 13-09195.(Reporting by Jody Godoy in New York)",neutral,0.0,0.58,0.42,negative,0.0,0.06,0.94,True,English,"['U.S. judge', '$1.68 billion payout', '1983 Beirut bombing', 'families', 'U.S. District Judge Loretta Preska', 'U.S. Marine Corps barracks', 'National Defense Authorization Act', '241 U.S. service members', 'U.S. Supreme Court', 'U.S. District Court', 'Foreign Sovereign Immunities Act', 'U.S. courts', 'U.S. ruling', 'Deutsche Boerse AG', 'lower court ruling', 'Clearstream Banking SA', 'Iran central bank', 'federal judge', 'Southern District', 'family members', 'foreign governments', 'federal court', 'Luxembourg court', 'sovereign immunity', 'court judgment', 'Bank Markazi', 'New York', 'European intermediary', 'material support', 'bond proceeds', 'Luxembourg-based unit', 'terrorism cases', 'other laws', 'Islamic Republic', 'Jody Godoy', '2019 federal law', '$2.65 billion judgment', 'new law', '1983 car bombing', ""families' favor"", '2019 law', 'Reuters', 'Wednesday', 'troops', 'Lebanon', 'lawsuit', 'attackers', 'Attorneys', 'parties', 'requests', 'comment', 'Victims', 'FSIA', 'liability', 'January', 'light', 'seizure', 'assets', 'country', 'judgments', 'funds', 'decision', 'Peterson']",2023-03-23,2023-03-23,thestar.com.my
21080,Clearstream,Bing API,https://www.rte.ie/news/regional/2023/0323/1365967-enniscorthy/,26 lay-offs at Enniscorthy pharmaceutical manufacturer,An Enniscorthy-based pharmaceutical manufacturer has said it is temporarily laying off 26 staff members. The news was confirmed today by BD Enniscorthy  formerly ClearStream Technologies  which employs more than 490 people in the town.,"An Enniscorthy-based pharmaceutical manufacturer has said it is temporarily laying off 26 staff members.The news was confirmed today by BD Enniscorthy  formerly ClearStream Technologies  which employs more than 490 people in the town.It's understood the employees affected were told of the lay-offs  which the company has described as temporary  at meetings today.BD employs over 1 200 people across its Irish operations in Enniscorthy  Limerick  Drogheda  and Blackrock in Dublin.The lay-offs are being made ""to right-size its manufacturing operations with today's realities"" a spokesperson said in a statement  adding that ""this difficult strategic decision"" is not a reflection of the performance of the Enniscorthy site  but because of ""other business factors"".The company intends to continue investing in its Enniscorthy and other operations  it said.",neutral,0.0,0.98,0.01,negative,0.0,0.01,0.99,True,English,"['Enniscorthy pharmaceutical manufacturer', '26 lay-offs', 'An Enniscorthy-based pharmaceutical manufacturer', 'difficult strategic decision', 'other business factors', 'other operations', '26 staff members', 'ClearStream Technologies', 'Irish operations', 'manufacturing operations', 'Enniscorthy site', 'BD Enniscorthy', 'news', '490 people', 'town', 'employees', 'lay-offs', 'company', 'meetings', '1,200 people', 'Limerick', 'Drogheda', 'Blackrock', 'Dublin', 'today', 'realities', 'spokesperson', 'statement', 'reflection', 'performance']",2023-03-23,2023-03-23,rte.ie
21081,Clearstream,Bing API,https://news.bloomberglaw.com/us-law-week/markazi-clearstream-must-give-terrorism-victims-1-68-billion,Banks Tied to 1983 Terror Attack Must Give Victims $1.68 Billion,Bank Markazi and Clearstream Banking SA said that the US District Court for the Southern District of New York didn’t have jurisdiction over them and that a statute amended by Congress to address the case was unconstitutional. But the opinion by Judge ...,Victims of the 1983 attack on a US Marine barracks in Beirut  Lebanon got closer to recovering their $1.68 billion judgment against Iran for sponsoring the attack  when a federal court ordered two financial institutions to turn over funds held for Iran.Bank Markazi and Clearstream Banking SA said that the US District Court for the Southern District of New York didn’t have jurisdiction over them and that a statute amended by Congress to address the case was unconstitutional. But the opinion by Judge Loretta A. Preska rejected both arguments Wednesday.Clearstream is a Luxembourg securities depository that has an office in New York. Markazi is Iran’s central bank and has accounts traceable to it with Clearstream.At issue are blocked securities proceeds Clearstream is holding for Markazi in a JPMorgan Bank account in New York.The court said it had jurisdiction over Clearstream under New York’s long-arm statute because Clearstream does business in New York  the transactions at issue took place in the state  New York has an interest in protecting its banking system  and New York is a convenient location for the parties.Asserting jurisdiction over Markazi was proper because it’s the beneficial owner of the assets at issue and 22 U.S.C. § 8772 specifically provides for jurisdiction over it  the court said.Clearstream’s and Markazi’s constitutional challenges to Section 8772 were rejected. The statute furthers US interests by carrying out the government’s policies toward Iran  and doesn’t single out Clearstream  the court said. It added that although part of the statute was adopted to address this case  it leaves the ultimate decision-making to a neutral  objective court.Because there were “no other possible owners of the interests here other than Bank Markazi  those assets are not immune from execution  and there is no triable issue of fact ” the court granted the plaintiffs’ motion for summary judgment against Markazi and Clearstream.Fleischman Bonner & Rocco LLP  Salon Marrow Dyckman Newman & Broudy LLC  and Belkin Burden Goldman LLP represented the plaintiffs. Jaffe & Asher LLP and Mololamken LLP represented Markazi. Davis Polk & Wardwell LLP represented Clearstream.The case is Peterson v. Islamic Republic of Iran  S.D.N.Y.  No. 1:13-cv-9515  3/22/23.,negative,0.0,0.01,0.99,mixed,0.18,0.09,0.73,True,English,"['1983 Terror Attack', 'Banks', 'Victims', 'Judge Loretta A. Preska', 'Salon Marrow Dyckman Newman', 'S.D.N.Y.', 'Belkin Burden Goldman LLP', 'two financial institutions', 'other possible owners', 'US Marine barracks', 'Luxembourg securities depository', 'JPMorgan Bank account', 'neutral, objective court', 'US District Court', 'Clearstream Banking SA', 'Southern District', 'securities proceeds', 'banking system', 'Rocco LLP', 'Asher LLP', 'Mololamken LLP', 'Wardwell LLP', 'central bank', 'US interests', '$1.68 billion judgment', 'New York', 'convenient location', 'beneficial owner', 'constitutional challenges', 'ultimate decision-making', 'summary judgment', 'Fleischman Bonner', 'Broudy LLC', 'Davis Polk', 'Islamic Republic', 'federal court', 'Bank Markazi', 'plaintiffs’ motion', 'arm statute', 'triable issue', 'Victims', '1983 attack', 'Beirut', 'Lebanon', 'Iran', 'funds', 'jurisdiction', 'Congress', 'case', 'opinion', 'arguments', 'office', 'accounts', 'business', 'transactions', 'place', 'state', 'parties', 'assets', 'Section', 'government', 'policies', 'execution', 'fact', 'Jaffe', 'Peterson', 'No.']",2023-03-23,2023-03-23,news.bloomberglaw.com
21082,Clearstream,Bing API,https://www.marketwatch.com/story/deutsche-boerse-doesn-t-plan-provisions-after-us-judgment-on-iran-case-ef899ae7,Deutsche Boerse Doesn't Plan Provisions After US Judgment on Iran Case,By Adria Calatayud Deutsche Boerse AG said it doesn't expect to make provisions after a U.S. court awarded judgment to creditors that sought transfer,By Adria CalatayudDeutsche Boerse AG said it doesn't expect to make provisions after a U.S. court awarded judgment to creditors that sought transfer of around $1.7 billion attributed to Iran's central bank  which the company's subsidiary Clearstream Banking SA held in Luxembourg.The German exchange operator said late Wednesday that the decision doesn't change the overall risk that would require Clearstream or the parent to make provisions. Clearstream is considering appealing the decision  the company said.Clearstream will consider all relevant interests and responsibilities as to how to deal with the assets while complying with its obligations  Deutsche Boerse said.In its annual report  Deutsche Boerse said plaintiffs in 2013 filed a complaint in the U.S. against Clearstream and other parties seeking that certain assets attributed to the Iranian central bank be turned over.Write to Adria Calatayud at adria.calatayud@dowjones.com,neutral,0.0,0.89,0.11,negative,0.0,0.19,0.81,True,English,"['Deutsche Boerse', 'US Judgment', 'Iran Case', 'Provisions', 'German exchange operator', 'U.S. court', 'Iranian central bank', 'Deutsche Boerse AG', 'Clearstream Banking SA', 'overall risk', 'relevant interests', 'annual report', 'other parties', 'Adria Calatayud', 'provisions', 'judgment', 'creditors', 'transfer', 'company', 'subsidiary', 'Luxembourg', 'decision', 'parent', 'assets', 'obligations', 'plaintiffs', 'complaint', 'dowjones']",2023-03-23,2023-03-23,marketwatch.com
21083,Clearstream,Bing API,https://www.thenationalnews.com/mena/lebanon/2023/03/23/us-judge-orders-168bn-payout-to-families-over-1983-beirut-bombing/,US orders $1.68bn payout to families of troops killed in 1983 Beirut bombing,A judge in New York ordered Iran's central bank and a European intermediary on Wednesday to pay $1.68 billion in compensation to family members of troops killed in the 1983 car bombing of the US Marine Corps barracks in Lebanon.,"A judge in New York ordered Iran's central bank and a European intermediary on Wednesday to pay $1.68 billion in compensation to family members of troops killed in the 1983 car bombing of the US Marine Corps barracks in Lebanon.US District Judge Loretta Preska said a 2019 federal law stripped Bank Markazi  the Iran central bank  of sovereign immunity from the lawsuit  which sought to enforce a judgment against Iran for providing material support to the attackers.The lawsuit also names Luxembourg-based Clearstream Banking SA  which is holding the assets in a client account.READ MORE Beirut protesters clash with security forces as living conditions worsenClearstream parent company Deutsche Boerse AG said on Wednesday that it was considering appealing against the decision.Clearstream will consider ""all relevant interests and responsibilities"" and comply with its legal and regulatory obligations in handling the funds  Deutsche Boerse said.The exchange said that it did not view the ruling as increasing the risk from the lawsuit in a way that would require the companies to make financial provisions.Lawyers for the parties did not immediately respond to a Reuters request for comment.The October 23 1983 bombing at the Marine Corps barracks killed 241 US service members.Victims and their families won a $2.65 billion judgment against Iran in federal court in 2007 over the attack.Six years later  they sought to seize bond proceeds allegedly owned by Bank Markazi and processed by Clearstream to partially satisfy the court judgment.Bank Markazi has argued that the lawsuit was not allowed under the Foreign Sovereign Immunities Act  which generally shields foreign governments from liability in US courts.In January 2020  the US Supreme Court overturned a lower-court ruling in the families' favour and ordered the case to be reconsidered in light of a the new law  adopted a month earlier as part of the National Defense Authorisation Act.Ms Preska said the 2019 law authorises US courts to allow the seizure of assets held outside the country to satisfy judgments against Iran in terrorism cases  ""notwithstanding"" other laws such as FSIA that would grant immunity.A Luxembourg court in 2021 ordered Clearstream not to move the funds until a court in that country recognises the US ruling. Clearstream has challenged that decision.",negative,0.0,0.1,0.9,negative,0.0,0.1,0.89,True,English,"['US orders', '$1.68bn payout', 'Beirut bombing', 'families', 'troops', '1983', 'US District Judge Loretta Preska', 'READ MORE Beirut protesters', 'National Defense Authorisation Act', 'Foreign Sovereign Immunities Act', 'Luxembourg-based Clearstream Banking SA', 'US Marine Corps barracks', '241 US service members', 'Deutsche Boerse AG', 'US Supreme Court', 'Clearstream parent company', 'Iran central bank', 'Ms Preska', 'foreign governments', 'US courts', 'US ruling', 'family members', 'sovereign immunity', 'Bank Markazi', 'New York', 'European intermediary', '1983 car bombing', 'material support', 'client account', 'security forces', 'living conditions', 'relevant interests', 'regulatory obligations', 'financial provisions', 'Reuters request', 'October 23 1983 bombing', 'federal court', 'bond proceeds', 'terrorism cases', 'other laws', 'Luxembourg court', '2019 federal law', '$2.65 billion judgment', 'court judgment', 'lower-court ruling', 'new law', ""families' favour"", '2019 law', 'Wednesday', 'compensation', 'troops', 'Lebanon', 'lawsuit', 'attackers', 'assets', 'decision', 'legal', 'funds', 'exchange', 'risk', 'way', 'companies', 'Lawyers', 'parties', 'comment', 'Victims', 'liability', 'January', 'light', 'seizure', 'country', 'judgments', 'FSIA']",2023-03-23,2023-03-23,thenationalnews.com
21084,Clearstream,Bing API,https://www.dailymaverick.co.za/article/2023-03-23-us-judge-orders-1-68-bln-payout-to-families-over-1983-beirut-bombing/,US judge orders $1.68bn payout to families over 1983 Beirut bombing,A federal judge in New York ordered Iran's central bank and a European intermediary on Wednesday to pay out $1.68-billion to family members of troops killed in the 1983 car bombing of the US Marine Corps barracks in Lebanon.,A file photograph from 25 October 1983 shows US Marines  part of the international peacekeeping force in Lebanon  as they clear rubble from their bombed headquarters in Beirut. (Photo: EPA / JIM HOLLANDER)US District Judge Loretta Preska said a 2019 federal law stripped Bank Markazi  the Iran central bank  of sovereign immunity from the lawsuit  which sought to enforce a judgment against Iran for providing material support to the attackers.Attorneys for the parties did not immediately respond to requests for comment.The 23 October 1983 bombing at the Marine Corps barracks killed 241 US service members.Victims and their families won a $2.65-billion judgment against Iran in federal court in 2007 over the attack.Six years later  they sought to seize bond proceeds allegedly owned by Bank Markazi and processed by Clearstream Banking SA  a Luxembourg-based unit of Deutsche Boerse  to partially satisfy the court judgment.Bank Markazi has argued that the lawsuit was not allowed under the Foreign Sovereign Immunities Act (Fsia)  which generally shields foreign governments from liability in US courts.In January 2020  the US Supreme Court overturned a lower court ruling in the families’ favour  and ordered the case to be reconsidered in light of the new law  which was adopted the month before as part of the National Defense Authorization Act.Preska said the 2019 law authorises US courts to allow the seizure of assets held outside the country to satisfy judgments against Iran in terrorism cases  “notwithstanding” other laws such as Fsia that would grant immunity.A Luxembourg court in 2021 ordered Clearstream not to move the funds until a court in that country recognises the US ruling. Clearstream has appealed that decision.The case is Peterson et al v Islamic Republic of Iran et al  US District Court  Southern District of New York  No. 13-09195.(Reporting by Jody Godoy in New York.),neutral,0.0,0.54,0.45,negative,0.0,0.19,0.81,True,English,"['US judge', '$1.68bn payout', '1983 Beirut bombing', 'families', 'US District Judge Loretta Preska', 'National Defense Authorization Act', 'Foreign Sovereign Immunities Act', 'international peacekeeping force', 'Marine Corps barracks', '241 US service members', 'US District Court', 'US Supreme Court', 'lower court ruling', 'Clearstream Banking SA', 'Iran central bank', 'Southern District', 'US ruling', 'foreign governments', 'US Marines', 'US courts', 'sovereign immunity', 'federal court', 'Luxembourg court', 'Bank Markazi', 'file photograph', 'JIM HOLLANDER', 'material support', 'Luxembourg-based unit', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'terrorism cases', 'other laws', 'Islamic Republic', 'New York', 'Jody Godoy', 'court judgment', '2019 federal law', '$2.65-billion judgment', 'new law', '23 October 1983 bombing', 'families’ favour', '2019 law', '25 October', 'part', 'Lebanon', 'rubble', 'headquarters', 'Beirut', 'EPA', 'lawsuit', 'attackers', 'Attorneys', 'requests', 'comment', 'Victims', 'bond', 'Fsia', 'liability', 'January', 'light', 'seizure', 'assets', 'country', 'judgments', 'funds', 'decision', 'Peterson']",2023-03-23,2023-03-23,dailymaverick.co.za
21085,Clearstream,Bing API,https://www.voanews.com/a/us-judge-orders-iran-intermediary-pay-out-1-68-billion-to-families-in-1983-beirut-bombing-/7017266.html,Judge Orders Iran  Intermediary to Pay Out $1.68B to Families in '83 Beirut Bombing,- Rescue workers sift through the rubble of the U.S. Marine base in Beirut in Oct. 23  1983  following a massive bomb blast that destroyed the base and killed 241 American servicemen. A federal judge in New York ordered Iran's central bank and a European intermediary on Wednesday to pay out $1.,"A federal judge in New York ordered Iran's central bank and a European intermediary on Wednesday to pay out $1.68 billion to family members of troops killed in the 1983 car bombing of the U.S. Marine Corps barracks in Lebanon.U.S. District Judge Loretta Preska said a 2019 federal law stripped Bank Markazi  the Iran central bank  of sovereign immunity from the lawsuit  which sought to enforce a judgment against Iran for providing material support to the attackers.The lawsuit also names Luxembourg-based Clearstream Banking SA  which is holding the assets in a client account. Clearstream parent company Deutsche Boerse AG said on Wednesday that it is considering appealing against the decision.Clearstream will ""weigh all relevant interests and responsibilities"" and comply with its legal and regulatory obligations in handling the funds  Deutsche Boerse said.The exchange said that it does not view the ruling as increasing the risk from the lawsuit in a way that would require the companies to make financial provisions.Attorneys for the parties did not immediately respond to requests for comment.The October 23  1983  bombing at the Marine Corps barracks killed 241 U.S. service members.Victims and their families won a $2.65 billion judgment against Iran in federal court in 2007 over the attack.Six years later  they sought to seize bond proceeds allegedly owned by Bank Markazi and processed by Clearstream to partially satisfy the court judgment.Bank Markazi has argued that the lawsuit was not allowed under the Foreign Sovereign Immunities Act (FSIA)  which generally shields foreign governments from liability in U.S. courts.In January 2020  the U.S. Supreme Court overturned a lower court ruling in the families' favor and ordered the case to be reconsidered in light of the new law  adopted a month earlier as part of the National Defense Authorization Act.Preska said the 2019 law authorizes U.S. courts to allow the seizure of assets held outside the country to satisfy judgments against Iran in terrorism cases  ""notwithstanding"" other laws such as FSIA that would grant immunity.A Luxembourg court in 2021 ordered Clearstream not to move the funds until a court in that country recognizes the U.S. ruling. Clearstream has appealed that decision.The case is Peterson et al v. Islamic Republic of Iran et al  U.S. District Court  Southern District of New York  No. 13-09195.",negative,0.0,0.18,0.82,negative,0.0,0.1,0.9,True,English,"['Judge Orders', '83 Beirut Bombing', 'Iran', 'Intermediary', 'Families', 'U.S. District Judge Loretta Preska', 'U.S. Marine Corps barracks', 'National Defense Authorization Act', '241 U.S. service members', 'U.S. Supreme Court', 'U.S. District Court', 'Foreign Sovereign Immunities Act', 'Luxembourg-based Clearstream Banking SA', 'U.S. courts', 'U.S. ruling', 'Deutsche Boerse AG', 'lower court ruling', 'Clearstream parent company', 'Iran central bank', 'federal judge', 'Southern District', 'family members', 'foreign governments', 'federal court', 'Luxembourg court', 'sovereign immunity', 'court judgment', 'Bank Markazi', 'New York', 'European intermediary', 'material support', 'client account', 'relevant interests', 'regulatory obligations', 'financial provisions', 'bond proceeds', 'terrorism cases', 'other laws', 'Islamic Republic', '2019 federal law', '$2.65 billion judgment', 'new law', '1983 car bombing', ""families' favor"", '2019 law', 'Wednesday', 'troops', 'Lebanon', 'lawsuit', 'attackers', 'assets', 'decision', 'legal', 'funds', 'exchange', 'risk', 'way', 'companies', 'Attorneys', 'parties', 'requests', 'comment', 'Victims', 'FSIA', 'liability', 'January', 'light', 'seizure', 'country', 'judgments', 'Peterson']",2023-03-22,2023-03-23,voanews.com
21086,Clearstream,Bing API,https://www.fbcnews.com.fj/world/u-s-judge-orders-1-68-bln-payout-to-families-over-1983-beirut-bombing/,U.S. judge orders $1.68 bln payout to families over 1983 Beirut bombing,A federal judge in New York ordered Iran’s central bank and a European intermediary on Wednesday to pay out $1.68 billion to family members of troops killed in the 1983 car bombing of the U.S. Marine Corps barracks in Lebanon.,[Source: Reuters]A federal judge in New York ordered Iran’s central bank and a European intermediary on Wednesday to pay out $1.68 billion to family members of troops killed in the 1983 car bombing of the U.S. Marine Corps barracks in Lebanon.U.S. District Judge Loretta Preska said a 2019 federal law stripped Bank Markazi  the Iran central bank  of sovereign immunity from the lawsuit  which sought to enforce a judgment against Iran for providing material support to the attackers.Attorneys for the parties did not immediately respond to requests for comment.Article continues after advertisementThe Oct. 23  1983  bombing at the Marine Corps barracks killed 241 U.S. service members.Victims and their families won a $2.65 billion judgment against Iran in federal court in 2007 over the attack.Six years later  they sought to seize bond proceeds allegedly owned by Bank Markazi and processed by Clearstream Banking SA  a Luxembourg-based unit of Deutsche Boerse AG (DB1Gn.DE)  to partially satisfy the court judgment.Bank Markazi has argued that the lawsuit was not allowed under the Foreign Sovereign Immunities Act (FSIA)  which generally shields foreign governments from liability in U.S. courts.In January 2020  the U.S. Supreme Court overturned a lower court ruling in the families’ favor  and ordered the case to be reconsidered in light of the new law  which was adopted the month before as part of the National Defense Authorization Act.Preska said the 2019 law authorizes U.S. courts to allow the seizure of assets held outside the country to satisfy judgments against Iran in terrorism cases  “notwithstanding” other laws such as FSIA that would grant immunity.A Luxembourg court in 2021 ordered Clearstream not to move the funds until a court in that country recognizes the U.S. ruling. Clearstream has appealed that decision.,neutral,0.0,0.67,0.33,negative,0.0,0.13,0.87,True,English,"['U.S. judge', '1983 Beirut bombing', 'payout', 'families', '68', 'U.S. District Judge Loretta Preska', 'U.S. Marine Corps barracks', 'National Defense Authorization Act', '241 U.S. service members', 'U.S. Supreme Court', 'Foreign Sovereign Immunities Act', 'U.S. courts', 'U.S. ruling', 'Deutsche Boerse AG', 'lower court ruling', 'Clearstream Banking SA', 'Iran central bank', 'federal judge', 'family members', 'foreign governments', 'sovereign immunity', 'federal court', 'Luxembourg court', 'Bank Markazi', 'New York', 'European intermediary', 'material support', 'bond proceeds', 'Luxembourg-based unit', 'DB1Gn.DE', 'court judgment', 'terrorism cases', 'other laws', '2019 federal law', '$2.65 billion judgment', 'new law', '1983 car bombing', 'families’ favor', '2019 law', 'Source', 'Reuters', 'Wednesday', 'troops', 'Lebanon', 'lawsuit', 'attackers', 'Attorneys', 'parties', 'requests', 'comment', 'Article', 'advertisement', 'Victims', 'FSIA', 'liability', 'January', 'light', 'seizure', 'assets', 'country', 'judgments', 'funds', 'decision']",2023-03-22,2023-03-23,fbcnews.com.fj
21087,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,The lawsuit has named Luxembourg-based Clearstream Banking SA  which is holding Iran’s assets in a client account.… https://t.co/sYJqH7AoUX,nan,The lawsuit has named Luxembourg-based Clearstream Banking SA  which is holding Iran’s assets in a client account.… https://t.co/sYJqH7AoUX,neutral,0.11,0.65,0.24,neutral,0.11,0.65,0.24,True,English,"['client account', 'lawsuit', 'Luxembourg', 'Iran', 'assets', 'client account', 'lawsuit', 'Luxembourg', 'Iran', 'assets']",2023-03-23,2023-03-23,Unknown
21088,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,Antennas Direct JUICE ClearStream JUICE Preamp System https://t.co/kJ29hwxjCi eBay https://t.co/485ifXltBL,nan,Antennas Direct JUICE ClearStream JUICE Preamp System https://t.co/kJ29hwxjCi eBay https://t.co/485ifXltBL,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,True,English,"['JUICE Preamp System', 'Antennas', 'JUICE Preamp System', 'Antennas']",2023-03-23,2023-03-23,Unknown
21089,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,The lawsuit has named Luxembourg-based Clearstream Banking SA  which is holding Iran’s assets in a client account.… https://t.co/6kORc14nH0,nan,The lawsuit has named Luxembourg-based Clearstream Banking SA  which is holding Iran’s assets in a client account.… https://t.co/6kORc14nH0,neutral,0.19,0.74,0.07,neutral,0.19,0.74,0.07,True,English,"['client account', 'lawsuit', 'Luxembourg', 'Iran', 'assets', 'client account', 'lawsuit', 'Luxembourg', 'Iran', 'assets']",2023-03-23,2023-03-23,Unknown
21090,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,The lawsuit names Iran's central Bank  Bank Merkazi  and Luxembourg-based Clearstream Banking SA  which is holding… https://t.co/7DAFNgzbmu,nan,The lawsuit names Iran's central Bank  Bank Merkazi  and Luxembourg-based Clearstream Banking SA  which is holding… https://t.co/7DAFNgzbmu,neutral,0.09,0.87,0.05,neutral,0.09,0.87,0.05,True,English,"['Luxembourg-based Clearstream Banking SA', 'central Bank', 'Bank Merkazi', 'lawsuit', 'Iran', 'DAFNgzbmu', 'Luxembourg-based Clearstream Banking SA', 'central Bank', 'Bank Merkazi', 'lawsuit', 'Iran', 'DAFNgzbmu']",2023-03-23,2023-03-23,Unknown
21091,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,Of the many ways banks/fins can see NII fall this has to be one of the weirdest.A US court ruled that Clearstream… https://t.co/ZE1e4PikBM,nan,Of the many ways banks/fins can see NII fall this has to be one of the weirdest.A US court ruled that Clearstream… https://t.co/ZE1e4PikBM,negative,0.0,0.01,0.99,negative,0.0,0.01,0.99,True,English,"['many ways', 'NII fall', 'US court', 'banks/fins', 'Clearstream', 'ZE1e4PikBM', 'many ways', 'NII fall', 'US court', 'banks/fins', 'Clearstream', 'ZE1e4PikBM']",2023-03-23,2023-03-23,Unknown
21092,Deutsche Boerse,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/DEUTSCHE-BORSE-AG-449617/news/U-S-judge-orders-1-68-billion-payout-to-families-over-1983-Beirut-bombing-43313818/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230322,U.S. judge orders $1.68 billion payout to families over 1983 Beirut bombing,(marketscreener.com) A federal judge in New York ordered Iran's central bank and a European intermediary on Wednesday to pay out $1.68 billion to family members of troops killed in the 1983 car bombing of the U.S. Marine Corps barracks in Lebanon.https://www.…,"U.S. District Judge Loretta Preska said a 2019 federal law stripped Bank Markazi  the Iran central bank  of sovereign immunity from the lawsuit  which sought to enforce a judgment against Iran for providing material support to the attackers.Attorneys for the parties did not immediately respond to requests for comment.The Oct. 23  1983  bombing at the Marine Corps barracks killed 241 U.S. service members.Victims and their families won a $2.65 billion judgment against Iran in federal court in 2007 over the attack.Six years later  they sought to seize bond proceeds allegedly owned by Bank Markazi and processed by Clearstream Banking SA  a Luxembourg-based unit of Deutsche Boerse AG  to partially satisfy the court judgment.Bank Markazi has argued that the lawsuit was not allowed under the Foreign Sovereign Immunities Act (FSIA)  which generally shields foreign governments from liability in U.S. courts.In January 2020  the U.S. Supreme Court overturned a lower court ruling in the families' favor  and ordered the case to be reconsidered in light of the new law  which was adopted the month before as part of the National Defense Authorization Act.Preska said the 2019 law authorizes U.S. courts to allow the seizure of assets held outside the country to satisfy judgments against Iran in terrorism cases  ""notwithstanding"" other laws such as FSIA that would grant immunity.A Luxembourg court in 2021 ordered Clearstream not to move the funds until a court in that country recognizes the U.S. ruling. Clearstream has appealed that decision.The case is Peterson et al v. Islamic Republic of Iran et al  U.S. District Court  Southern District of New York  No. 13-09195.(Reporting by Jody Godoy in New York)",neutral,0.0,0.58,0.42,negative,0.0,0.07,0.93,True,English,"['U.S. judge', '$1.68 billion payout', '1983 Beirut bombing', 'families', 'U.S. District Judge Loretta Preska', 'National Defense Authorization Act', '241 U.S. service members', 'U.S. Supreme Court', 'U.S. District Court', 'Foreign Sovereign Immunities Act', 'U.S. courts', 'U.S. ruling', 'Marine Corps barracks', 'Deutsche Boerse AG', 'lower court ruling', 'Clearstream Banking SA', 'Iran central bank', 'Southern District', 'foreign governments', 'federal court', 'Luxembourg court', 'sovereign immunity', 'Bank Markazi', 'court judgment', 'material support', 'bond proceeds', 'Luxembourg-based unit', 'terrorism cases', 'other laws', 'Islamic Republic', 'New York', 'Jody Godoy', '2019 federal law', '$2.65 billion judgment', 'new law', ""families' favor"", '2019 law', 'lawsuit', 'attackers', 'Attorneys', 'parties', 'requests', 'comment', 'bombing', 'Victims', 'FSIA', 'liability', 'January', 'light', 'seizure', 'assets', 'country', 'judgments', 'funds', 'decision', 'Peterson']",2023-03-22,2023-03-23,marketscreener.com
21093,Deutsche Boerse,NewsApi.org,https://www.fxempire.com/news/article/u-s-judge-orders-1-68-billion-payout-to-families-over-1983-beirut-bombing-1318891,U.S. judge orders $1.68 billion payout to families over 1983 Beirut bombing,(Reuters) -   A federal judge in New York ordered Iran&#039;s central bank and a European intermediary on Wednesday to pay out $1.68 billion to family members of troops killed in the 1983 car bombing of the U.S. Marine Corps barracks in Lebanon.,U.S. District Judge Loretta Preska said a 2019 federal law stripped Bank Markazi  the Iran central bank  of sovereign immunity from the lawsuit  which sought to enforce a judgment against Iran for providing material support to the attackers.The lawsuit also names Luxembourg-based Clearstream Banking SA  which is holding the assets in a client account. Clearstream parent company Deutsche Boerse AG said on Wednesday that it is considering appealing against the decision.Clearstream will “weigh all relevant interests and responsibilities” and comply with its legal and regulatory obligations in handling the funds  Deutsche Boerse said.The exchange said that it does not view the ruling as increasing the risk from the lawsuit in a way that would require the companies to make financial provisions.Attorneys for the parties did not immediately respond to requests for comment.The Oct. 23  1983  bombing at the Marine Corps barracks killed 241 U.S. service members.Victims and their families won a $2.65 billion judgment against Iran in federal court in 2007 over the attack.Six years later  they sought to seize bond proceeds allegedly owned by Bank Markazi and processed by Clearstream to partially satisfy the court judgment.Bank Markazi has argued that the lawsuit was not allowed under the Foreign Sovereign Immunities Act (FSIA)  which generally shields foreign governments from liability in U.S. courts.In January 2020  the U.S. Supreme Court overturned a lower court ruling in the families’ favor  and ordered the case to be reconsidered in light a the new law  adopted a month earlier as part of the National Defense Authorization Act.Preska said the 2019 law authorizes U.S. courts to allow the seizure of assets held outside the country to satisfy judgments against Iran in terrorism cases  “notwithstanding” other laws such as FSIA that would grant immunity.A Luxembourg court in 2021 ordered Clearstream not to move the funds until a court in that country recognizes the U.S. ruling. Clearstream has appealed that decision.The case is Peterson et al v. Islamic Republic of Iran et al  U.S. District Court  Southern District of New York  No. 13-09195.(Reporting by Jody Godoy in New York; Editing by Sandra Maler),neutral,0.0,0.58,0.42,negative,0.0,0.11,0.89,True,English,"['U.S. judge', '$1.68 billion payout', '1983 Beirut bombing', 'families', 'U.S. District Judge Loretta Preska', 'National Defense Authorization Act', '241 U.S. service members', 'U.S. Supreme Court', 'U.S. District Court', 'Foreign Sovereign Immunities Act', 'Luxembourg-based Clearstream Banking SA', 'U.S. courts', 'U.S. ruling', 'Marine Corps barracks', 'Deutsche Boerse AG', 'lower court ruling', 'Clearstream parent company', 'Iran central bank', 'Southern District', 'foreign governments', 'federal court', 'Luxembourg court', 'sovereign immunity', 'Bank Markazi', 'court judgment', 'material support', 'client account', 'relevant interests', 'regulatory obligations', 'financial provisions', 'bond proceeds', 'terrorism cases', 'other laws', 'Islamic Republic', 'New York', 'Jody Godoy', 'Sandra Maler', '2019 federal law', '$2.65 billion judgment', 'new law', 'families’ favor', '2019 law', 'lawsuit', 'attackers', 'assets', 'Wednesday', 'decision', 'legal', 'funds', 'exchange', 'risk', 'way', 'companies', 'Attorneys', 'parties', 'requests', 'comment', 'bombing', 'Victims', 'FSIA', 'liability', 'January', 'light', 'seizure', 'country', 'judgments', 'Peterson', 'Editing']",2023-03-22,2023-03-23,fxempire.com
21094,Deutsche Boerse,NewsApi.org,https://www.investing.com/news/general/us-judge-orders-168-billion-payout-to-families-over-1983-beirut-bombing-3037021,U.S. judge orders $1.68 billion payout to families over 1983 Beirut bombing By Reuters,U.S. judge orders $1.68 billion payout to families over 1983 Beirut bombing,"DB1Gn -0.11% Add to/Remove from WatchlistBy Jody Godoy(Reuters) -A federal judge in New York ordered Iran's central bank and a European intermediary on Wednesday to pay out $1.68 billion to family members of troops killed in the 1983 car bombing of the U.S. Marine Corps barracks in Lebanon.U.S. District Judge Loretta Preska said a 2019 federal law stripped Bank Markazi  the Iran central bank  of sovereign immunity from the lawsuit  which sought to enforce a judgment against Iran for providing material support to the attackers.The lawsuit also names Luxembourg-based Clearstream Banking SA  which is holding the assets in a client account. Clearstream parent company Deutsche Boerse (ETR: ) AG said on Wednesday that it is considering appealing against the decision.Clearstream will ""weigh all relevant interests and responsibilities"" and comply with its legal and regulatory obligations in handling the funds  Deutsche Boerse said.The exchange said that it does not view the ruling as increasing the risk from the lawsuit in a way that would require the companies to make financial provisions.Attorneys for the parties did not immediately respond to requests for comment.The Oct. 23  1983  bombing at the Marine Corps barracks killed 241 U.S. service members.Victims and their families won a $2.65 billion judgment against Iran in federal court in 2007 over the attack.Six years later  they sought to seize bond proceeds allegedly owned by Bank Markazi and processed by Clearstream to partially satisfy the court judgment.Bank Markazi has argued that the lawsuit was not allowed under the Foreign Sovereign Immunities Act (FSIA)  which generally shields foreign governments from liability in U.S. courts.In January 2020  the U.S. Supreme Court overturned a lower court ruling in the families' favor  and ordered the case to be reconsidered in light a the new law  adopted a month earlier as part of the National Defense Authorization Act.Preska said the 2019 law authorizes U.S. courts to allow the seizure of assets held outside the country to satisfy judgments against Iran in terrorism cases  ""notwithstanding"" other laws such as FSIA that would grant immunity.A Luxembourg court in 2021 ordered Clearstream not to move the funds until a court in that country recognizes the U.S. ruling. Clearstream has appealed that decision.The case is Peterson et al v. Islamic Republic of Iran et al  U.S. District Court  Southern District of New York  No. 13-09195.",neutral,0.0,0.72,0.28,negative,0.0,0.07,0.92,True,English,"['U.S. judge', '$1.68 billion payout', '1983 Beirut bombing', 'families', 'Reuters', 'U.S. District Judge Loretta Preska', 'U.S. Marine Corps barracks', 'National Defense Authorization Act', '241 U.S. service members', 'U.S. Supreme Court', 'U.S. District Court', 'Foreign Sovereign Immunities Act', 'Luxembourg-based Clearstream Banking SA', 'U.S. courts', 'U.S. ruling', 'lower court ruling', 'Clearstream parent company', 'Iran central bank', 'federal judge', 'Southern District', 'family members', 'foreign governments', 'federal court', 'Luxembourg court', 'sovereign immunity', 'court judgment', 'Bank Markazi', 'Jody Godoy', 'New York', 'European intermediary', 'material support', 'client account', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'relevant interests', 'regulatory obligations', 'financial provisions', 'bond proceeds', 'terrorism cases', 'other laws', 'Islamic Republic', '2019 federal law', '$2.65 billion judgment', 'new law', '1983 car bombing', ""families' favor"", '2019 law', 'DB1Gn', 'Watchlist', 'Reuters', 'Wednesday', 'troops', 'Lebanon', 'lawsuit', 'attackers', 'assets', 'ETR', 'AG', 'decision', 'legal', 'funds', 'exchange', 'risk', 'way', 'companies', 'Attorneys', 'parties', 'requests', 'comment', 'Victims', 'FSIA', 'liability', 'January', 'light', 'seizure', 'country', 'judgments', 'Peterson']",2023-03-22,2023-03-23,investing.com
21095,Deutsche Boerse,NewsApi.org,https://www.thestar.com.my/news/world/2023/03/23/us-judge-orders-168-billion-payout-to-families-over-1983-beirut-bombing,U.S. judge orders $1.68 billion payout to families over 1983 Beirut bombing,(Reuters) - A federal judge in New York ordered Iran's central bank and a European intermediary on Wednesday to pay out $1.68 billion to family members of troops killed in the 1983 car bombing of the U.S. Marine Corps barracks in Lebanon. Read full story,"(Reuters) - A federal judge in New York ordered Iran's central bank and a European intermediary on Wednesday to pay out $1.68 billion to family members of troops killed in the 1983 car bombing of the U.S. Marine Corps barracks in Lebanon.U.S. District Judge Loretta Preska said a 2019 federal law stripped Bank Markazi  the Iran central bank  of sovereign immunity from the lawsuit  which sought to enforce a judgment against Iran for providing material support to the attackers.Attorneys for the parties did not immediately respond to requests for comment.The Oct. 23  1983  bombing at the Marine Corps barracks killed 241 U.S. service members.Victims and their families won a $2.65 billion judgment against Iran in federal court in 2007 over the attack.Six years later  they sought to seize bond proceeds allegedly owned by Bank Markazi and processed by Clearstream Banking SA  a Luxembourg-based unit of Deutsche Boerse AG  to partially satisfy the court judgment.Bank Markazi has argued that the lawsuit was not allowed under the Foreign Sovereign Immunities Act (FSIA)  which generally shields foreign governments from liability in U.S. courts.In January 2020  the U.S. Supreme Court overturned a lower court ruling in the families' favor  and ordered the case to be reconsidered in light of the new law  which was adopted the month before as part of the National Defense Authorization Act.Preska said the 2019 law authorizes U.S. courts to allow the seizure of assets held outside the country to satisfy judgments against Iran in terrorism cases  ""notwithstanding"" other laws such as FSIA that would grant immunity.A Luxembourg court in 2021 ordered Clearstream not to move the funds until a court in that country recognizes the U.S. ruling. Clearstream has appealed that decision.The case is Peterson et al v. Islamic Republic of Iran et al  U.S. District Court  Southern District of New York  No. 13-09195.(Reporting by Jody Godoy in New York)",neutral,0.0,0.58,0.42,negative,0.0,0.06,0.94,True,English,"['U.S. judge', '$1.68 billion payout', '1983 Beirut bombing', 'families', 'U.S. District Judge Loretta Preska', 'U.S. Marine Corps barracks', 'National Defense Authorization Act', '241 U.S. service members', 'U.S. Supreme Court', 'U.S. District Court', 'Foreign Sovereign Immunities Act', 'U.S. courts', 'U.S. ruling', 'Deutsche Boerse AG', 'lower court ruling', 'Clearstream Banking SA', 'Iran central bank', 'federal judge', 'Southern District', 'family members', 'foreign governments', 'federal court', 'Luxembourg court', 'sovereign immunity', 'court judgment', 'Bank Markazi', 'New York', 'European intermediary', 'material support', 'bond proceeds', 'Luxembourg-based unit', 'terrorism cases', 'other laws', 'Islamic Republic', 'Jody Godoy', '2019 federal law', '$2.65 billion judgment', 'new law', '1983 car bombing', ""families' favor"", '2019 law', 'Reuters', 'Wednesday', 'troops', 'Lebanon', 'lawsuit', 'attackers', 'Attorneys', 'parties', 'requests', 'comment', 'Victims', 'FSIA', 'liability', 'January', 'light', 'seizure', 'assets', 'country', 'judgments', 'funds', 'decision', 'Peterson']",2023-03-23,2023-03-23,thestar.com.my
21096,Deutsche Boerse,Bing API,https://www.internationalinvestment.net/news/4087132/bitcoin-bromance-deutsche-borse-lse-join-forces-launch-crypto-futures-product,Bitcoin bromance as Deutsche Börse  LSE join forces to launch crypto futures product,Leading brand for international independent financial advisers  wealth management professionals serving expatriate and cross-border clients worldwide.,"Eurex  the derivatives exchange that is part of Deutsche Börse Group  is set to provide trading in Bitcoin index futures on 17 April  giving it a claim to be the first exchange in Europe to offer such trading. The new futures contract has been developed with index provider FTSE Russell and Digital Asset Research  the provider of digital asset data. Eures said that the launch of the FTSE Bitcoin Index Futures marked a ""milestone"" in its ambition to offer ""safe and trusted access to cryptocurrencies in a regulated market environment. ""By partnering with FTSE Russell and DAR  Deutsche...",neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,True,English,"['Deutsche Börse', 'crypto futures product', 'Bitcoin bromance', 'LSE', 'forces', 'Deutsche Börse Group', 'FTSE Bitcoin Index Futures', 'new futures contract', 'Digital Asset Research', 'digital asset data', 'regulated market environment', 'FTSE Russell', 'index provider', 'derivatives exchange', 'first exchange', 'trusted access', 'Eurex', 'part', 'trading', '17 April', 'claim', 'Europe', 'Eures', 'launch', 'milestone', 'ambition', 'safe', 'cryptocurrencies', 'DAR']",2023-03-23,2023-03-23,internationalinvestment.net
21097,Deutsche Boerse,Bing API,https://www.marketwatch.com/story/deutsche-boerse-doesn-t-plan-provisions-after-us-judgment-on-iran-case-ef899ae7,Deutsche Boerse Doesn't Plan Provisions After US Judgment on Iran Case,By Adria Calatayud Deutsche Boerse AG said it doesn't expect to make provisions after a U.S. court awarded judgment to creditors that sought transfer,By Adria CalatayudDeutsche Boerse AG said it doesn't expect to make provisions after a U.S. court awarded judgment to creditors that sought transfer of around $1.7 billion attributed to Iran's central bank  which the company's subsidiary Clearstream Banking SA held in Luxembourg.The German exchange operator said late Wednesday that the decision doesn't change the overall risk that would require Clearstream or the parent to make provisions. Clearstream is considering appealing the decision  the company said.Clearstream will consider all relevant interests and responsibilities as to how to deal with the assets while complying with its obligations  Deutsche Boerse said.In its annual report  Deutsche Boerse said plaintiffs in 2013 filed a complaint in the U.S. against Clearstream and other parties seeking that certain assets attributed to the Iranian central bank be turned over.Write to Adria Calatayud at adria.calatayud@dowjones.com,neutral,0.0,0.89,0.11,negative,0.0,0.19,0.81,True,English,"['Deutsche Boerse', 'US Judgment', 'Iran Case', 'Provisions', 'German exchange operator', 'U.S. court', 'Iranian central bank', 'Deutsche Boerse AG', 'Clearstream Banking SA', 'overall risk', 'relevant interests', 'annual report', 'other parties', 'Adria Calatayud', 'provisions', 'judgment', 'creditors', 'transfer', 'company', 'subsidiary', 'Luxembourg', 'decision', 'parent', 'assets', 'obligations', 'plaintiffs', 'complaint', 'dowjones']",2023-03-23,2023-03-23,marketwatch.com
21098,Deutsche Boerse,Bing API,https://www.dailymaverick.co.za/article/2023-03-23-us-judge-orders-1-68-bln-payout-to-families-over-1983-beirut-bombing/,US judge orders $1.68bn payout to families over 1983 Beirut bombing,A federal judge in New York ordered Iran's central bank and a European intermediary on Wednesday to pay out $1.68-billion to family members of troops killed in the 1983 car bombing of the US Marine Corps barracks in Lebanon.,A file photograph from 25 October 1983 shows US Marines  part of the international peacekeeping force in Lebanon  as they clear rubble from their bombed headquarters in Beirut. (Photo: EPA / JIM HOLLANDER)US District Judge Loretta Preska said a 2019 federal law stripped Bank Markazi  the Iran central bank  of sovereign immunity from the lawsuit  which sought to enforce a judgment against Iran for providing material support to the attackers.Attorneys for the parties did not immediately respond to requests for comment.The 23 October 1983 bombing at the Marine Corps barracks killed 241 US service members.Victims and their families won a $2.65-billion judgment against Iran in federal court in 2007 over the attack.Six years later  they sought to seize bond proceeds allegedly owned by Bank Markazi and processed by Clearstream Banking SA  a Luxembourg-based unit of Deutsche Boerse  to partially satisfy the court judgment.Bank Markazi has argued that the lawsuit was not allowed under the Foreign Sovereign Immunities Act (Fsia)  which generally shields foreign governments from liability in US courts.In January 2020  the US Supreme Court overturned a lower court ruling in the families’ favour  and ordered the case to be reconsidered in light of the new law  which was adopted the month before as part of the National Defense Authorization Act.Preska said the 2019 law authorises US courts to allow the seizure of assets held outside the country to satisfy judgments against Iran in terrorism cases  “notwithstanding” other laws such as Fsia that would grant immunity.A Luxembourg court in 2021 ordered Clearstream not to move the funds until a court in that country recognises the US ruling. Clearstream has appealed that decision.The case is Peterson et al v Islamic Republic of Iran et al  US District Court  Southern District of New York  No. 13-09195.(Reporting by Jody Godoy in New York.),neutral,0.0,0.54,0.45,negative,0.0,0.19,0.81,True,English,"['US judge', '$1.68bn payout', '1983 Beirut bombing', 'families', 'US District Judge Loretta Preska', 'National Defense Authorization Act', 'Foreign Sovereign Immunities Act', 'international peacekeeping force', 'Marine Corps barracks', '241 US service members', 'US District Court', 'US Supreme Court', 'lower court ruling', 'Clearstream Banking SA', 'Iran central bank', 'Southern District', 'US ruling', 'foreign governments', 'US Marines', 'US courts', 'sovereign immunity', 'federal court', 'Luxembourg court', 'Bank Markazi', 'file photograph', 'JIM HOLLANDER', 'material support', 'Luxembourg-based unit', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'terrorism cases', 'other laws', 'Islamic Republic', 'New York', 'Jody Godoy', 'court judgment', '2019 federal law', '$2.65-billion judgment', 'new law', '23 October 1983 bombing', 'families’ favour', '2019 law', '25 October', 'part', 'Lebanon', 'rubble', 'headquarters', 'Beirut', 'EPA', 'lawsuit', 'attackers', 'Attorneys', 'requests', 'comment', 'Victims', 'bond', 'Fsia', 'liability', 'January', 'light', 'seizure', 'assets', 'country', 'judgments', 'funds', 'decision', 'Peterson']",2023-03-23,2023-03-23,dailymaverick.co.za
21099,Deutsche Boerse,Bing API,https://www.voanews.com/a/us-judge-orders-iran-intermediary-pay-out-1-68-billion-to-families-in-1983-beirut-bombing-/7017266.html,Judge Orders Iran  Intermediary to Pay Out $1.68B to Families in '83 Beirut Bombing,- Rescue workers sift through the rubble of the U.S. Marine base in Beirut in Oct. 23  1983  following a massive bomb blast that destroyed the base and killed 241 American servicemen. A federal judge in New York ordered Iran's central bank and a European intermediary on Wednesday to pay out $1.,"A federal judge in New York ordered Iran's central bank and a European intermediary on Wednesday to pay out $1.68 billion to family members of troops killed in the 1983 car bombing of the U.S. Marine Corps barracks in Lebanon.U.S. District Judge Loretta Preska said a 2019 federal law stripped Bank Markazi  the Iran central bank  of sovereign immunity from the lawsuit  which sought to enforce a judgment against Iran for providing material support to the attackers.The lawsuit also names Luxembourg-based Clearstream Banking SA  which is holding the assets in a client account. Clearstream parent company Deutsche Boerse AG said on Wednesday that it is considering appealing against the decision.Clearstream will ""weigh all relevant interests and responsibilities"" and comply with its legal and regulatory obligations in handling the funds  Deutsche Boerse said.The exchange said that it does not view the ruling as increasing the risk from the lawsuit in a way that would require the companies to make financial provisions.Attorneys for the parties did not immediately respond to requests for comment.The October 23  1983  bombing at the Marine Corps barracks killed 241 U.S. service members.Victims and their families won a $2.65 billion judgment against Iran in federal court in 2007 over the attack.Six years later  they sought to seize bond proceeds allegedly owned by Bank Markazi and processed by Clearstream to partially satisfy the court judgment.Bank Markazi has argued that the lawsuit was not allowed under the Foreign Sovereign Immunities Act (FSIA)  which generally shields foreign governments from liability in U.S. courts.In January 2020  the U.S. Supreme Court overturned a lower court ruling in the families' favor and ordered the case to be reconsidered in light of the new law  adopted a month earlier as part of the National Defense Authorization Act.Preska said the 2019 law authorizes U.S. courts to allow the seizure of assets held outside the country to satisfy judgments against Iran in terrorism cases  ""notwithstanding"" other laws such as FSIA that would grant immunity.A Luxembourg court in 2021 ordered Clearstream not to move the funds until a court in that country recognizes the U.S. ruling. Clearstream has appealed that decision.The case is Peterson et al v. Islamic Republic of Iran et al  U.S. District Court  Southern District of New York  No. 13-09195.",negative,0.0,0.18,0.82,negative,0.0,0.1,0.9,True,English,"['Judge Orders', '83 Beirut Bombing', 'Iran', 'Intermediary', 'Families', 'U.S. District Judge Loretta Preska', 'U.S. Marine Corps barracks', 'National Defense Authorization Act', '241 U.S. service members', 'U.S. Supreme Court', 'U.S. District Court', 'Foreign Sovereign Immunities Act', 'Luxembourg-based Clearstream Banking SA', 'U.S. courts', 'U.S. ruling', 'Deutsche Boerse AG', 'lower court ruling', 'Clearstream parent company', 'Iran central bank', 'federal judge', 'Southern District', 'family members', 'foreign governments', 'federal court', 'Luxembourg court', 'sovereign immunity', 'court judgment', 'Bank Markazi', 'New York', 'European intermediary', 'material support', 'client account', 'relevant interests', 'regulatory obligations', 'financial provisions', 'bond proceeds', 'terrorism cases', 'other laws', 'Islamic Republic', '2019 federal law', '$2.65 billion judgment', 'new law', '1983 car bombing', ""families' favor"", '2019 law', 'Wednesday', 'troops', 'Lebanon', 'lawsuit', 'attackers', 'assets', 'decision', 'legal', 'funds', 'exchange', 'risk', 'way', 'companies', 'Attorneys', 'parties', 'requests', 'comment', 'Victims', 'FSIA', 'liability', 'January', 'light', 'seizure', 'country', 'judgments', 'Peterson']",2023-03-22,2023-03-23,voanews.com
21100,Deutsche Boerse,Bing API,https://www.fbcnews.com.fj/world/u-s-judge-orders-1-68-bln-payout-to-families-over-1983-beirut-bombing/,U.S. judge orders $1.68 bln payout to families over 1983 Beirut bombing,A federal judge in New York ordered Iran’s central bank and a European intermediary on Wednesday to pay out $1.68 billion to family members of troops killed in the 1983 car bombing of the U.S. Marine Corps barracks in Lebanon.,[Source: Reuters]A federal judge in New York ordered Iran’s central bank and a European intermediary on Wednesday to pay out $1.68 billion to family members of troops killed in the 1983 car bombing of the U.S. Marine Corps barracks in Lebanon.U.S. District Judge Loretta Preska said a 2019 federal law stripped Bank Markazi  the Iran central bank  of sovereign immunity from the lawsuit  which sought to enforce a judgment against Iran for providing material support to the attackers.Attorneys for the parties did not immediately respond to requests for comment.Article continues after advertisementThe Oct. 23  1983  bombing at the Marine Corps barracks killed 241 U.S. service members.Victims and their families won a $2.65 billion judgment against Iran in federal court in 2007 over the attack.Six years later  they sought to seize bond proceeds allegedly owned by Bank Markazi and processed by Clearstream Banking SA  a Luxembourg-based unit of Deutsche Boerse AG (DB1Gn.DE)  to partially satisfy the court judgment.Bank Markazi has argued that the lawsuit was not allowed under the Foreign Sovereign Immunities Act (FSIA)  which generally shields foreign governments from liability in U.S. courts.In January 2020  the U.S. Supreme Court overturned a lower court ruling in the families’ favor  and ordered the case to be reconsidered in light of the new law  which was adopted the month before as part of the National Defense Authorization Act.Preska said the 2019 law authorizes U.S. courts to allow the seizure of assets held outside the country to satisfy judgments against Iran in terrorism cases  “notwithstanding” other laws such as FSIA that would grant immunity.A Luxembourg court in 2021 ordered Clearstream not to move the funds until a court in that country recognizes the U.S. ruling. Clearstream has appealed that decision.,neutral,0.0,0.67,0.33,negative,0.0,0.13,0.87,True,English,"['U.S. judge', '1983 Beirut bombing', 'payout', 'families', '68', 'U.S. District Judge Loretta Preska', 'U.S. Marine Corps barracks', 'National Defense Authorization Act', '241 U.S. service members', 'U.S. Supreme Court', 'Foreign Sovereign Immunities Act', 'U.S. courts', 'U.S. ruling', 'Deutsche Boerse AG', 'lower court ruling', 'Clearstream Banking SA', 'Iran central bank', 'federal judge', 'family members', 'foreign governments', 'sovereign immunity', 'federal court', 'Luxembourg court', 'Bank Markazi', 'New York', 'European intermediary', 'material support', 'bond proceeds', 'Luxembourg-based unit', 'DB1Gn.DE', 'court judgment', 'terrorism cases', 'other laws', '2019 federal law', '$2.65 billion judgment', 'new law', '1983 car bombing', 'families’ favor', '2019 law', 'Source', 'Reuters', 'Wednesday', 'troops', 'Lebanon', 'lawsuit', 'attackers', 'Attorneys', 'parties', 'requests', 'comment', 'Article', 'advertisement', 'Victims', 'FSIA', 'liability', 'January', 'light', 'seizure', 'assets', 'country', 'judgments', 'funds', 'decision']",2023-03-22,2023-03-23,fbcnews.com.fj
21101,Deutsche Boerse,Bing API,https://financefeeds.com/apex-group-taps-crypto-finance-for-digital-asset-infrastructure/,Apex Group taps Crypto Finance for digital-asset infrastructure,Swiss fintech Crypto Finance  the crypto arm of German stock exchange operator Deutsche Boerse  has partnered with US-based financial services provider Apex Group to offer institutional-grade crypto products.,Swiss fintech Crypto Finance  the crypto arm of German stock exchange operator Deutsche Boerse  has partnered with US-based financial services provider Apex Group to offer institutional-grade crypto products.,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,True,English,"['Apex Group', 'Crypto Finance', 'digital-asset infrastructure', 'German stock exchange operator', 'US-based financial services provider', 'Swiss fintech Crypto Finance', 'institutional-grade crypto products', 'crypto arm', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'Apex Group']",2023-03-22,2023-03-23,financefeeds.com
21102,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,Deutsche Boerse Doesn’t Plan Provisions After US Judgment on Iran Case https://t.co/8bYAPYjqmZ,nan,Deutsche Boerse Doesn’t Plan Provisions After US Judgment on Iran Case https://t.co/8bYAPYjqmZ,neutral,0.01,0.65,0.34,neutral,0.01,0.65,0.34,True,English,"['Deutsche Boerse', 'US Judgment', 'Iran Case', 'Provisions', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'US Judgment', 'Iran Case', 'Provisions']",2023-03-23,2023-03-23,Unknown
21103,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,Deutsche Boerse Doesn't Plan Provisions After US Judgment on Iran Case - MarketWatch https://t.co/OswzFqHf2X,nan,Deutsche Boerse Doesn't Plan Provisions After US Judgment on Iran Case - MarketWatch https://t.co/OswzFqHf2X,neutral,0.0,0.94,0.05,neutral,0.0,0.94,0.05,True,English,"['Deutsche Boerse', 'US Judgment', 'Iran Case', 'Provisions', 'MarketWatch', 'OswzFqHf2X', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'US Judgment', 'Iran Case', 'Provisions', 'MarketWatch', 'OswzFqHf2X']",2023-03-23,2023-03-23,Unknown
21104,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,Deutsche Boerse Doesn't Plan Provisions After US Judgment on Iran Case - MarketWatch https://t.co/DDJgpJza4A,nan,Deutsche Boerse Doesn't Plan Provisions After US Judgment on Iran Case - MarketWatch https://t.co/DDJgpJza4A,neutral,0.0,0.95,0.04,neutral,0.0,0.95,0.04,True,English,"['Deutsche Boerse', 'US Judgment', 'Iran Case', 'Provisions', 'MarketWatch', 'DDJgpJza4A', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'US Judgment', 'Iran Case', 'Provisions', 'MarketWatch', 'DDJgpJza4A']",2023-03-23,2023-03-23,Unknown
21105,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,Crypto Finance Group  the crypto arm of Deutsche Boerse  partnered with Apex Group to offer institutional-grade cry… https://t.co/edUk7zdiJI,nan,Crypto Finance Group  the crypto arm of Deutsche Boerse  partnered with Apex Group to offer institutional-grade cry… https://t.co/edUk7zdiJI,neutral,0.16,0.83,0.01,neutral,0.16,0.83,0.01,True,English,"['Crypto Finance Group', 'crypto arm', 'Apex Group', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'institutional-grade cry', 'Crypto Finance Group', 'crypto arm', 'Apex Group', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'institutional-grade cry']",2023-03-23,2023-03-23,Unknown
21106,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,Eurex rolls out first Bitcoin index futures in Europe - Deutsche Börse’s derivatives-focused exchange  Eurex is lo… https://t.co/yNwTwq9a7x,nan,Eurex rolls out first Bitcoin index futures in Europe - Deutsche Börse’s derivatives-focused exchange  Eurex is lo… https://t.co/yNwTwq9a7x,neutral,0.11,0.88,0.01,neutral,0.11,0.88,0.01,True,English,"['first Bitcoin index futures', 'Deutsche Börse', 'derivatives-focused exchange', 'Eurex', 'Europe', 'first Bitcoin index futures', 'Deutsche Börse', 'derivatives-focused exchange', 'Eurex', 'Europe']",2023-03-22,2023-03-23,Unknown
21107,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/sequana-medical-announces-additional-patents-060000025.html,Sequana Medical announces additional patents for DSR® in China and the United States,"PRESS RELEASE Ghent  Belgium – 22 March 2023 – Sequana Medical NV (Euronext Brussels: SEQUA) (the ""Company"" or ""Sequana Medical"")  a pioneer in the treatment...","Sequana Medical NVPRESS RELEASEGhent  Belgium – 22 March 2023 – Sequana Medical NV (Euronext Brussels: SEQUA) (the ""Company"" or ""Sequana Medical"")  a pioneer in the treatment of fluid overload in liver disease  heart failure and cancer  today announces further strengthening of the intellectual property portfolio for its DSR (Direct Sodium Removal) program. A key composition of matter patent was allowed in China and an additional patent on the method of operation was granted in the US.Chinese patent application number 201880045801.6 was allowed on 7 March 2023. This key patent entitled “Direct sodium removal method  solution and apparatus to reduce fluid overload in heart failure patients” has already been granted in the US and Europe and is pending in other regions such as Australia  Canada and Japan. It protects the use of a sodium-free or low-sodium infusate that is administered into a patient’s peritoneal cavity to directly remove sodium  and thereby fluid from the body to alleviate fluid overload in heart failure patients with residual renal function.US patent number 11 602 583 B2 was granted on 14 March 2023 and covers the expansion of the method of operation for Sequana Medical’s DSR therapy using an implantable pump system. While the Company’s current focus is on Short Term DSR therapy using a peritoneal catheter  the additional US patent granted gives further flexibility to use implantable pump systems  such as its alfapump®  to provide patients with long-term support.To date  Sequana Medical has filed 16 patents for its DSR program of which 6 have been granted  covering a broad range of aspects  both for the method of operation and composition of matter.Ian Crosbie  Chief Executive Officer of Sequana Medical  commented: “As the evidence for DSR’s disease-modifying effect in heart failure grows  we continue to build a strong patent portfolio for our DSR program and the patent allowed in China is an important international reinforcement of that. Cardiovascular disease is the leading cause of healthcare burden in China with 4.5 million people suffering from heart failure.1 The Chinese market offers huge potential for DSR where we believe it represents a compelling treatment option in this large and growing heart failure market.Story continues“Following the long-lasting clinical benefits observed in our RED DESERT and SAHARA proof-of-concept studies  we are focusing on Short Term DSR therapy using a peritoneal catheter. Use of DSR therapy with an implantable pump system such as our alfapump could be of great relevance in particular populations of congestive heart failure patients requiring regular DSR therapy. Today’s announcement gives this approach further strong patent protection.”For more information  please contact:Sequana MedicalLies VannesteDirector Investor RelationsE: IR@sequanamedical.comT: +32 (0)498 053579Optimum Strategic CommunicationsNick Bastin  Jonathan Edwards  Vici RabbettsE: Sequana@optimumcomms.comT: +44 (0) 208 078 4357About DSR in congestive heart failureSequana Medical considers its proprietary DSR to be a disease modifying therapy for congestive heart failure. Fluid accumulation in heart failure patients is caused by the retention of too much sodium. The DSR drug-based approach directly tackles this key clinical problem of sodium overload  and works in partnership with the kidneys to safely and rapidly eliminate the excess fluid. Complementary to existing heart failure therapies  clinical proof-of-concept studies using the Company’s first-generation DSR product (DSR 1.0) have shown that DSR can i) safely  effectively and rapidly eliminate fluid overload in heart failure patients  ii) improve the health of the heart and preserve renal function  and iii) restore the ability of the kidney to manage the fluid and sodium naturally  resulting in a large and long-lasting reduction in the need for diuretic drugs. In DSR treated patients  there have been no congestion-related re-hospitalizations during the study follow-up period  all patients improved their NYHA status by at least one class and the clinical benefits observed in the clinical studies resulted in a 75% reduction in predicted one-year mortality of patients pre- vs. post-intensive DSR therapy based on the Seattle Heart Failure Model. The Company is currently preparing an IND application for its second-generation DSR product (DSR 2.0) in the US and plans to begin a US randomized controlled Phase 1/2a clinical trial in Q2 2023.About Sequana MedicalSequana Medical NV is a pioneer in treating fluid overload  a serious and frequent clinical complication in patients with liver disease  heart failure and cancer. These patients can have up to 15 liters of extra fluid in their bodies  causing major medical issues including increased mortality  repeated hospitalizations  severe pain  difficult breathing and restricted mobility that severely impacts daily life. Although diuretics are standard of care  the problem is that in many patients they are no longer effective and / or tolerable. There are limited effective treatment options for these patients  resulting in poor clinical outcomes  high costs and a major impact on their quality of life. Sequana Medical is seeking to provide innovative treatment options for this large and growing “diuretic-resistant” patient population.alfapump® and DSR® are Sequana Medical's proprietary platforms that work with the body to treat diuretic-resistant fluid overload  delivering major clinical and quality of life benefits for patients and reducing costs for healthcare systems. The Company has reported positive primary endpoint data from the North American pivotal POSEIDON trial of the alfapump in recurrent or refractory ascites due to liver cirrhosis  enabling the filing of a Pre-Market Approval (PMA) application with the FDA  planned for H2 2023. Having delivered clinical proof-of-concept for DSR as a disease-modifying drug program for the treatment of heart failure  the Company is planning to commence MOJAVE  a US multi-centered randomized controlled Phase 1/2a clinical trial of DSR 2.0  in Q2 2023.Sequana Medical is listed on Euronext Brussels (Ticker: SEQUA.BR) and headquartered in Ghent  Belgium. For further information  please visit www.sequanamedical.com.Important Regulatory DisclaimersThe alfapump® system is currently not approved in the United States or Canada. In the United States and Canada  the alfapump system is currently under clinical investigation (POSEIDON Trial) and is being studied in adult patients with refractory or recurrent ascites due to cirrhosis. For more information regarding the POSEIDON clinical trial see www.poseidonstudy.com. DSR® therapy is still in development and it should be noted that any statements regarding safety and efficacy arise from ongoing pre-clinical and clinical investigations which have yet to be completed. DSR therapy is currently not approved for clinical research in the United States or Canada. There is no link between DSR therapy and ongoing investigations with the alfapump system in Europe  the United States or Canada.Note: alfapump® is a registered trademark. DSR® is a registered trademark in the Benelux  China  the EU  United Kingdom  and Hong Kong.Forward-looking statementsThis press release may contain predictions  estimates or other information that might be considered forward-looking statements. Such forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance. These forward-looking statements represent the current judgment of Sequana Medical on what the future holds  and are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially. Sequana Medical expressly disclaims any obligation or undertaking to release any updates or revisions to any forward-looking statements in this press release  except if specifically required to do so by law or regulation. You should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements  which reflect the opinions of Sequana Medical only as of the date of this press release.1 Weiwei et al.  European Heart Journal Supplements (2016)  European Society of CardiologyAttachments",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.22,0.12,0.66,True,English,"['Sequana Medical', 'additional patents', 'United States', 'DSR®', 'China', 'US randomized controlled Phase 1/2a clinical trial', 'Lies Vanneste Director Investor Relations', 'existing heart failure therapies', 'Seattle Heart Failure Model', 'Short Term DSR therapy', 'growing heart failure market', 'Chinese patent application number', 'The DSR drug-based approach', 'congestive heart failure patients', 'Direct sodium removal method', 'frequent clinical complication', 'intellectual property portfolio', 'implantable pump system', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'important international reinforcement', 'Optimum Strategic Communications', 'study follow-up period', 'up to 15 liters', 'US patent number', 'strong patent portfolio', 'strong patent protection', 'major medical issues', 'disease modifying therapy', 'long-lasting clinical benefits', 'regular DSR therapy', 'first-generation DSR product', 'post-intensive DSR therapy', 'second-generation DSR product', 'residual renal function', 'compelling treatment option', 'additional US patent', 'Sequana Medical NV', 'key clinical problem', 'Chinese market', 'clinical proof', 'clinical studies', 'additional patent', 'IND application', 'key patent', 'liver disease', 'Cardiovascular disease', 'The Company', 'proprietary DSR', 'matter patent', 'PRESS RELEASE', 'Euronext Brussels', 'other regions', 'low-sodium infusate', 'peritoneal cavity', 'current focus', 'peritoneal catheter', 'long-term support', 'broad range', 'Ian Crosbie', 'disease-modifying effect', 'leading cause', 'healthcare burden', '4.5 million people', 'huge potential', 'RED DESERT', 'SAHARA proof', 'concept studies', 'great relevance', 'particular populations', 'Nick Bastin', 'Jonathan Edwards', 'Vici Rabbetts', 'sodium overload', 'long-lasting reduction', 'diuretic drugs', 'congestion-related re-hospitalizations', 'NYHA status', 'one class', 'severe pain', 'difficult breathing', 'restricted mobility', 'daily life', 'many patients', 'limited ef', 'key composition', 'fluid overload', 'Fluid accumulation', 'excess fluid', 'extra fluid', 'DSR program', 'one-year mortality', '75% reduction', 'Ghent', 'Belgium', '22 March', 'pioneer', 'cancer', 'strengthening', 'China', 'operation', '7 March', 'solution', 'Europe', 'Australia', 'Canada', 'Japan', 'sodium-free', 'body', '2,583 B2', '14 March', 'expansion', 'flexibility', 'alfapump®', 'date', '16 patents', 'aspects', 'evidence', 'large', 'Story', 'announcement', 'information', 'retention', 'partnership', 'kidneys', 'ability', 'need', 'Q2', 'serious', 'bodies', 'increased', 'diuretics', 'standard']",2023-03-22,2023-03-23,finance.yahoo.com
21108,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/amg-advanced-metallurgical-group-n-170500052.html,AMG Advanced Metallurgical Group N.V. Announces 25% Shareholding in Zinnwald Lithium Plc,Amsterdam  22 March 2023 (Regulated Information) --- AMG Advanced Metallurgical Group N.V. (“AMG”  EURONEXT AMSTERDAM: “AMG”) is pleased to announce that it ...,"AMG Advanced Metallurgical Group N.V.Amsterdam  22 March 2023 (Regulated Information) --- AMG Advanced Metallurgical Group N.V. (“AMG”  EURONEXT AMSTERDAM: “AMG”) is pleased to announce that it has agreed with Zinnwald Lithium Plc (""Zinnwald”) (ZNWD  AIM) to subscribe for up to 124 million newly issued ordinary shares as a cornerstone investor to Zinnwald’s accelerated book build. The shares will be subscribed for at a 10% premium to the 20-day Volume Weighted Average Price (“VWAP”) as of the close of market on March 20  2023  that is  a price of 10.41 pence per share. Upon admission of the newly issued ordinary shares  expected on March 29  AMG will become a 25% shareholder of Zinnwald.Dr. Heinz Schimmelbusch  AMG’s CEO  commented  “AMG’s investment in Zinnwald is a valuable strategic opportunity. As a partner with Zinnwald  together we will pursue a definitive feasibility study for their project in Eastern Germany. Establishing a raw material base in Germany close to our Bitterfeld operations has obvious logistical and strategic benefits for AMG  and we look forward to working with Zinnwald on this exciting project.”This press release contains inside information within the meaning of Article 7(1) of the EU Market Abuse Regulation.This press release contains regulated information as defined in the Dutch Financial Markets Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht).About ZinnwaldZinnwald is an AIM quoted  lithium development company focused on becoming an important supplier to Europe’s fast-growing battery sector. The Company owns the integrated Zinnwald Lithium Project in Germany  a development-stage project with attractive economics and approved mining licence. A PEA published in September 2022  highlighted the positive economics of the Project with a Pre-tax NPV8 of US$1 605m  IRR of 39.0%  $192m EBITDA and a payback of just 3.3 years. The Project is located in the heart of Europe’s chemical and automotive industries and has the potential to be one of Europe’s more advanced battery grade lithium projects.Story continuesAbout AMGAMG's mission is to provide critical materials and related process technologies to advance a less carbon-intensive world. To this end  AMG is focused on the production and development of energy storage materials such as lithium  vanadium  and tantalum. In addition  AMG's products include highly engineered systems to reduce CO 2 in aerospace engines  as well as critical materials addressing CO 2 reduction in a variety of other end use markets.AMG Clean Energy Materials segment combines AMG’s recycling and mining operations  producing materials for infrastructure and energy storage solutions while reducing the CO 2 footprint of both suppliers and customers. AMG Clean Energy Materials segment spans the vanadium  lithium  and tantalum value chains. AMG Critical Materials Technologies segment combines AMG’s leading vacuum furnace technology line with high-purity materials serving global leaders in the aerospace sector. AMG Critical Minerals segment consists of AMG’s mineral processing operations in antimony  graphite  and silicon metal.With approximately 3 400 employees  AMG operates globally with production facilities in Germany  the United Kingdom  France  the United States  China  Mexico  Brazil  India  Sri Lanka  and Mozambique  and has sales and customer service offices in Japan (www.amg-nv.com).For further information  please contact:AMG Advanced Metallurgical Group N.V. +1 610 975 4979Michele Fischermfischer@amg-nv.comDisclaimerCertain statements in this press release are not historical facts and are “forward looking.” Forward looking statements include statements concerning AMG’s plans  expectations  projections  objectives  targets  goals  strategies  future events  future revenues or performance  capital expenditures  financing needs  plans and intentions relating to acquisitions  AMG’s competitive strengths and weaknesses  plans or goals relating to forecasted production  reserves  financial position and future operations and development  AMG’s business strategy and the trends AMG anticipates in the industries and the political and legal environment in which it operates and other information that is not historical information. When used in this press release  the words “expects ” “believes ” “anticipates ” “plans ” “may ” “will ” “should ” and similar expressions  and the negatives thereof  are intended to identify forward looking statements. By their very nature  forward-looking statements involve inherent risks and uncertainties  both general and specific  and risks exist that the predictions  forecasts  projections and other forward-looking statements will not be achieved. These forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this press release. AMG expressly disclaims any obligation or undertaking to release publicly any updates or revisions to any forward-looking statement contained herein to reflect any change in AMG's expectations with regard thereto or any change in events  conditions  or circumstances on which any forward-looking statement is based.Attachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.25,0.1,0.65,True,English,"['AMG Advanced Metallurgical Group N.V.', 'Zinnwald Lithium Plc', '25% Shareholding', 'AMG Advanced Metallurgical Group N.V.', 'leading vacuum furnace technology line', '20-day Volume Weighted Average Price', 'Dutch Financial Markets Supervision Act', 'advanced battery grade lithium projects', 'AMG Clean Energy Materials segment', 'AMG Critical Materials Technologies segment', 'EU Market Abuse Regulation', 'AMG Critical Minerals segment', 'other end use markets', 'integrated Zinnwald Lithium Project', 'energy storage materials', 'related process technologies', 'energy storage solutions', 'growing battery sector', 'Dr. Heinz Schimmelbusch', 'definitive feasibility study', 'raw material base', 'less carbon-intensive world', 'customer service offices', 'valuable strategic opportunity', 'mineral processing operations', 'Forward looking statements', 'tantalum value chains', 'other forward-looking statements', 'Zinnwald Lithium Plc', 'lithium development company', 'financial position', 'high-purity materials', 'other information', 'strategic benefits', 'The Company', 'aerospace sector', 'Bitterfeld operations', 'mining operations', 'future operations', 'cornerstone investor', 'book build', 'obvious logistical', 'exciting project', 'press release', 'important supplier', 'development-stage project', 'attractive economics', 'mining licence', 'A PEA', 'positive economics', 'Pre-tax NPV8', 'The Project', 'engineered systems', 'aerospace engines', 'global leaders', 'silicon metal', 'United Kingdom', 'United States', 'Sri Lanka', 'Michele Fischer', 'historical facts', 'future revenues', 'capital expenditures', 'financing needs', 'competitive strengths', 'business strategy', 'legal environment', 'similar expressions', 'Regulated Information', 'ordinary shares', 'CO 2 reduction', 'CO 2 footprint', 'historical information', 'EURONEXT AMSTERDAM', 'automotive industries', 'future events', 'inherent risks', 'production facilities', 'Eastern Germany', 'ZNWD', 'AIM', '124 million', '10% premium', 'VWAP', 'close', 'March', '10.41 pence', '25% shareholder', 'CEO', 'investment', 'partner', 'meaning', 'financieel', 'Europe', 'September', 'IRR', 'payback', '3.3 years', 'heart', 'chemical', 'potential', 'Story', 'mission', 'vanadium', 'addition', 'products', 'variety', 'recycling', 'infrastructure', 'suppliers', 'customers', 'antimony', 'graphite', '3,400 employees', 'France', 'China', 'Mexico', 'Brazil', 'India', 'Mozambique', 'sales', 'Japan', 'mfischer', 'plans', 'expectations', 'projections', 'objectives', 'targets', 'goals', 'strategies', 'performance', 'intentions', 'acquisitions', 'weaknesses', 'reserves', 'trends', 'political', 'words', 'expects', 'believes', 'negatives', 'nature', 'uncertainties', 'specific', 'predictions', 'forecasts', 'date', 'obligation', 'undertaking', 'revisions', 'change', 'regard', 'conditions', 'circumstances', '39.']",2023-03-22,2023-03-23,finance.yahoo.com
21109,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/smcp-elina-kousourna-appointed-ceo-060000579.html,SMCP - Elina Kousourna is appointed CEO of Maje,Press release - Paris  March 22th  2023 Elina Kousourna appointed as CEO of Maje SMCP group  parent company of the Sandro  Maje  Claudie Pierlot and Fursac...,"Press release - Paris  March 22th  2023Elina Kousourna appointed as CEO of MajeSMCP group  parent company of the Sandro  Maje  Claudie Pierlot and Fursac brands  is pleased to announce that Elina Kousourna has been appointed as CEO of Maje  effective April 17th  2023. She will remain a member of SMCP group’s Executive Committee and will keep supporting Fursac teams  until the arrival of a new CEO for the brand.Isabelle Guichot  CEO of SMCP  said: ""I am very pleased to announce Elina’s appointment as CEO of Maje  a brand I know well for having managed it myself. This announcement is particularly important for me as it illustrates a strong value of our Group: promoting talents and internal mobility. Since 2015  Elina has been a key player in the Group's growth  impacting our strategy and development  as well as managing a brand in complete renewal like Fursac. It was therefore natural that Judith Milgrom [editor's note: Founder and Artistic Director of Maje] and I chose Elina to continue the expansion and influence of Maje  while respecting its so singular and feminine DNA. Elina has the talent and the proper vision to lead the House and continue to work towards achieving our priorities which are desirability  responsible development  and customer satisfaction.”Elina Kousourna is taking over as CEO of Maje after more than three years as Head of Fursac brand  which  under her leadership  and that of its Creative Director  Gauthier Borsarello  has accelerated its growth in France and Europe by following an ambitious strategy and a clear roadmap  around collections that celebrate its tailoring know-how while opening up to more casual styles. The brand has also changed its name and entered the official Fashion Week calendar in 2022  thus confirming a substantial change in scale. Before joining Fursac in 2019  Elina spent four years as Head of Strategy and Development at SMCP. During this time  she was also involved in SMCP’s IPO on Euronext Paris in 2017 and helped accelerate the Group’s international development. Prior to joining the Group  Elina Kousourna was a Principal at the consulting firm Boston Consulting Group where she worked for nearly seven years in the Consumer & Retail team. She began her career at L'Oréal in Greece. Elina  39  is a graduate of Athens University of Economics and holds an MBA from INSEAD.Story continuesElina Kousourna  CEO of Maje  said: “I am delighted to be joining Maje at a pivotal moment in its history and to work alongside an inspirational woman like Judith. Maje is celebrating its 25th anniversary  the right moment for the brand to further assert its identity  as modern nomad  and strengthen its global presence. I would like to thank Isabelle  Judith and the rest of SMCP Board of Directors for their trust in me to write that exciting new chapter for Maje.”ABOUT SMCPSMCP is a global leader in the accessible luxury market with four unique Parisian brands: Sandro  Maje  Claudie Pierlot and Fursac. Present in 47 countries  the Group comprises a network of over 1 600 stores globally and a strong digital presence in all its key markets. Evelyne Chetrite and Judith Milgrom founded Sandro and Maje in Paris  in 1984 and 1998 respectively  and continue to provide creative direction for the brands. Claudie Pierlot and Fursac were respectively acquired by SMCP in 2009 and 2019. SMCP is listed on the Euronext Paris regulated market (compartment A  ISIN CodeFR0013214145  ticker: SMCPCONTACTSINVESTORS/PRESS SMCP BRUNSWICK Amélie Dernis Hugues Boëton +33 (0) 6 79 99 27 15 +33 (0) 1 55 80 51 00 Tristan Roquet Montegon +33 (0) 6 37 00 52 57 amelie.dernis@smcp.com smcp@brunswickgroup.comAttachment",neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,positive,0.86,0.11,0.03,True,English,"['Elina Kousourna', 'SMCP', 'CEO', 'Maje', 'INVESTORS/PRESS SMCP BRUNSWICK Amélie Dernis Hugues Boëton', 'official Fashion Week calendar', 'four unique Parisian brands', 'Euronext Paris regulated market', 'accessible luxury market', ""L'Oréal"", 'Tristan Roquet Montegon', 'exciting new chapter', 'strong digital presence', 'Boston Consulting Group', 'four years', 'strong value', 'consulting firm', 'global presence', 'Press release', 'parent company', 'Claudie Pierlot', 'Executive Committee', 'internal mobility', 'key player', 'complete renewal', 'Artistic Director', 'feminine DNA', 'proper vision', 'customer satisfaction', 'three years', 'Creative Director', 'Gauthier Borsarello', 'clear roadmap', 'tailoring know-how', 'casual styles', 'substantial change', 'seven years', 'Retail team', 'Athens University', 'pivotal moment', 'inspirational woman', '25th anniversary', 'right moment', 'modern nomad', 'global leader', 'key markets', 'Evelyne Chetrite', 'creative direction', 'ISIN CodeFR0013214145', 'SMCP Board', 'Fursac brands', 'new CEO', 'Isabelle Guichot', 'Judith Milgrom', 'responsible development', 'international development', 'Elina Kousourna', 'Fursac teams', 'SMCP group', 'ambitious strategy', 'March', 'Maje', 'Sandro', 'member', 'arrival', 'appointment', 'announcement', 'talents', 'growth', 'editor', 'note', 'Founder', 'expansion', 'influence', 'singular', 'House', 'priorities', 'desirability', 'Head', 'leadership', 'France', 'Europe', 'collections', 'name', 'scale', 'time', 'IPO', 'Principal', 'career', 'Greece', 'graduate', 'Economics', 'MBA', 'INSEAD', 'Story', 'identity', 'rest', 'Directors', 'trust', '47 countries', 'network', '1,600 stores', 'ticker', 'CONTACTS', 'Attachment']",2023-03-22,2023-03-23,finance.yahoo.com
21110,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/stellantis-cr-dit-agricole-consumer-063100646.html,Stellantis and Crédit Agricole Consumer Finance Joint Venture Plans to Acquire Activities of ALD in Portugal and LeasePlan in Luxembourg,Stellantis and Crédit Agricole Consumer Finance Joint Venture Plans to Acquire Activities of ALD in Portugal and LeasePlan in Luxembourg NewCo  resulting...,STELLANTIS N.VStellantis and Crédit Agricole Consumer Finance Joint Venture Plans to Acquire Activities of ALD in Portugal and LeasePlan in LuxembourgNewCo   resulting from the consolidation of Leasys and Free2 m ove Lease and owned equally by Stellantis and Crédit Agricole Consumer Finance  continues to strengthen its position to be a leading leasing provider in EuropeRepresents another strategic move from Stellantis’ Financial Services business to contribute to Dare Forward 2030 ambitionsAMSTERDAM  March 22  2023 - Stellantis and Crédit Agricole Consumer Finance today announce that they have signed a binding agreement for the acquisition of ALD and LeasePlan’s activities in Portugal and Luxembourg  respectively  following ALD’s proposed acquisition of 100% of LeasePlan announced in January 2022. This announcement constitutes an immediate acceleration of the two companies’ ambitions in mobility and vehicle long-term leasing.This announcement follows the partnership agreements between Stellantis and Crédit Agricole Consumer Finance announced in December 2021 regarding the creation of a common NewCo  a European leader in long-term vehicle leasing  and the takeover by Crédit Agricole Consumer Finance of 100% of FCA Bank’s capital.“The acquisition of the entities in Portugal and Luxembourg is an excellent opportunity to strengthen the NewCo right from the start and an extra lever to increase its fleet to one million vehicles by 2026 as part of our aggressive Dare Forward 2030 strategy ” said Philippe de Rovira  Stellantis Chief Affiliates Officer. “Together  Leasys and Free2move Lease currently represent a fleet of approximately 828 000 vehicles.”Stellantis and Crédit Agricole Consumer Finance also announce the signing of an agreement relating to the sale of ALD’s activities in Ireland  Norway and Portugal  as well as LeasePlan’s activities in the Czech Republic  Finland and Luxembourg. These disposals would take place according to the commitments made by ALD to the European Commission in connection with the proposed acquisition of LeasePlan by ALD.Story continuesThe acquisition would be carried out by FCA Bank  then followed by a division of the acquired scope between:the NewCo resulting from the consolidation of Leasys and Free2move Lease and owned equally by Crédit Agricole Consumer Finance and Stellantis  which would host the activities of ALD in Portugal and LeasePlan in Luxembourg for a total approximately 30 000 vehicles; and the entity formed by the takeover by Crédit Agricole Consumer Finance of 100% of the capital of FCA Bank and Drivalia  which would host the activities of ALD in Ireland and Norway and of LeasePlan in the Czech Republic and in Finland.With respect to the division of the acquired scope  the two entities will effectively act in a consistent and integrated approach  especially with respect to international customers  for which an enhanced cooperation between the two entities is foreseen.This transaction would consolidate the partnership between Stellantis and Crédit Agricole Consumer Finance and accelerate the development of the two companies in strategic European countries  in line with the ambitions of the two companies to be ranked among the European leaders in automotive financing.The completion of the transaction  expected in the course of 2023 well after the closing of the creation of the NewCo  is subject to the customary conditions precedent in this area  namely the completion of the acquisition of LeasePlan by ALD and the approval of the competent authorities.# # #About StellantisStellantis N.V. (NYSE: STLA / Euronext Milan: STLAM / Euronext Paris: STLAP) is one of the world's leading automakers and a mobility provider. Its storied and iconic brands embody the passion of their visionary founders and today’s customers in their innovative products and services  including Abarth  Alfa Romeo  Chrysler  Citroën  Dodge  DS Automobiles  Fiat  Jeep ®   Lancia  Maserati  Opel  Peugeot  Ram  Vauxhall  Free2move and Leasys. Powered by our diversity  we lead the way the world moves – aspiring to become the greatest sustainable mobility tech company  not the biggest  while creating added value for all stakeholders as well as the communities in which it operates. For more information  visit www.stellantis.com.@Stellantis Stellantis Stellantis StellantisFor more information  contact:communications@stellantis.comwww.stellantis.comFORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTSThis communication contains forward-looking statements. In particular  statements regarding future events and anticipated results of operations  business strategies  the anticipated benefits of the proposed transaction  future financial and operating results  the anticipated closing date for the proposed transaction and other anticipated aspects of our operations or operating results are forward-looking statements. These statements may include terms such as “may”  “will”  “expect”  “could”  “should”  “intend”  “estimate”  “anticipate”  “believe”  “remain”  “on track”  “design”  “target”  “objective”  “goal”  “forecast”  “projection”  “outlook”  “prospects”  “plan”  or similar terms. Forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance. Rather  they are based on Stellantis’ current state of knowledge  future expectations and projections about future events and are by their nature  subject to inherent risks and uncertainties. They relate to events and depend on circumstances that may or may not occur or exist in the future and  as such  undue reliance should not be placed on them.Actual results may differ materially from those expressed in forward-looking statements as a result of a variety of factors  including: the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic  the ability of Stellantis to launch new products successfully and to maintain vehicle shipment volumes; changes in the global financial markets  general economic environment and changes in demand for automotive products  which is subject to cyclicality; changes in local economic and political conditions  changes in trade policy and the imposition of global and regional tariffs or tariffs targeted to the automotive industry  the enactment of tax reforms or other changes in tax laws and regulations; Stellantis’ ability to expand certain of their brands globally; its ability to offer innovative  attractive products; its ability to develop  manufacture and sell vehicles with advanced features including enhanced electrification  connectivity and autonomous-driving characteristics; various types of claims  lawsuits  governmental investigations and other contingencies  including product liability and warranty claims and environmental claims  investigations and lawsuits; material operating expenditures in relation to compliance with environmental  health and safety regulations; the intense level of competition in the automotive industry  which may increase due to consolidation; exposure to shortfalls in the funding of Stellantis’ defined benefit pension plans; the ability to provide or arrange for access to adequate financing for dealers and retail customers and associated risks related to the establishment and operations of financial services companies; the ability to access funding to execute Stellantis’ business plans and improve its businesses  financial condition and results of operations; a significant malfunction  disruption or security breach compromising information technology systems or the electronic control systems contained in Stellantis’ vehicles; Stellantis’ ability to realize anticipated benefits from joint venture arrangements; disruptions arising from political  social and economic instability; risks associated with our relationships with employees  dealers and suppliers; increases in costs  disruptions of supply or shortages of raw materials  parts  components and systems used in Stellantis’ vehicles; developments in labor and industrial relations and developments in applicable labor laws; exchange rate fluctuations  interest rate changes  credit risk and other market risks; political and civil unrest; earthquakes or other disasters; risks and other items described in the Company’s Annual Report on Form 20-F for the year ended December 31  2022 and Current Reports on Form 6-K and amendments thereto filed with the SEC; and other risks and uncertainties.Any forward-looking statements contained in this communication speak only as of the date of this document and Stellantis disclaims any obligation to update or revise publicly forward-looking statements. Further information concerning Stellantis and its businesses  including factors that could materially affect Stellantis’ financial results  is included in Stellantis’ reports and filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission and AFM.Attachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.61,0.36,0.03,True,English,"['Crédit Agricole Consumer Finance Joint Venture Plans', 'Stellantis', 'Activities', 'ALD', 'Portugal', 'LeasePlan', 'Luxembourg', 'Crédit Agricole Consumer Finance Joint Venture Plans', 'greatest sustainable mobility tech company', 'Free2 m ove Lease', 'aggressive Dare Forward 2030 strategy', 'Stellantis Chief Affiliates Officer', 'vehicle long-term leasing', 'long-term vehicle leasing', 'Philippe de Rovira', 'customary conditions precedent', 'Dare Forward 2030 ambitions', 'leading leasing provider', 'other anticipated aspects', 'strategic European countries', 'one million vehicles', 'STELLANTIS N.V', 'Financial Services business', 'two companies’ ambitions', 'mobility provider', 'Citroën', 'strategic move', 'leading automakers', 'business strategies', 'future financial', 'Free2move Lease', 'European leader', 'European Commission', 'immediate acceleration', 'FCA Bank', 'excellent opportunity', 'extra lever', 'Czech Republic', 'integrated approach', 'enhanced cooperation', 'automotive financing', 'competent authorities', 'Euronext Milan', 'Euronext Paris', 'iconic brands', 'visionary founders', 'innovative products', 'Alfa Romeo', 'DS Automobiles', 'added value', 'future events', 'two entities', 'operating results', 'FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS', 'binding agreement', 'partnership agreements', 'international customers', 'closing date', 'common NewCo', 'Stellantis Stellantis', '828,000 vehicles', '30,000 vehicles', 'Activities', 'ALD', 'Portugal', 'LeasePlan', 'Luxembourg', 'consolidation', 'Leasys', 'position', 'AMSTERDAM', 'acquisition', 'January', 'announcement', 'December', 'creation', 'takeover', 'capital', 'start', 'fleet', 'signing', 'sale', 'Ireland', 'Norway', 'Finland', 'disposals', 'place', 'commitments', 'connection', 'Story', 'division', 'scope', 'total', 'entity', 'Drivalia', 'respect', 'consistent', 'transaction', 'development', 'line', 'completion', 'course', 'area', 'approval', 'NYSE', 'STLA', 'world', 'storied', 'passion', 'Abarth', 'Chrysler', 'Dodge', 'Fiat', 'Jeep', 'Lancia', 'Maserati', 'Opel', 'Peugeot', 'Ram', 'Vauxhall', 'diversity', 'stakeholders', 'communities', 'information', 'communication', 'operations', 'benefits', 'terms', 'may', 'track', 'design', 'target']",2023-03-22,2023-03-23,finance.yahoo.com
21111,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/dsm-delivery-shares-203000940.html,DSM - delivery of shares,Following the Offering Circular published on 22 November 2022  Royal DSM is required to announce transactions relating to the ordinary shares in its capital ...,This is a press release by Koninklijke DSM N.V. (Royal DSM)  pursuant to the provisions of Sections 13 paragraphs 1 and 2 of the Dutch Decree on Public Takeover Bids (Besluit openbare biedingen Wft) (the Decree) in connection with the public offer by Danube AG (to be renamed DSM-Firmenich AG) for all the issued and outstanding ordinary shares in the capital of DSM (the Exchange Offer). This press release does not constitute an offer  or any solicitation of any offer  to buy or subscribe for any securities. This press release is not for general release  publication or distribution  in whole or in part  in or into  directly or indirectly  the United States or any other jurisdiction where such release  publication or distribution would violate applicable laws or regulations.HEERLEN  Netherlands  March 22  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- Following the Offering Circular published on 22 November 2022  Royal DSM is required to announce transactions relating to the ordinary shares in its capital in accordance with the Dutch public offer rules. This includes the delivery of treasury shares to employees in view of settling the vesting of share units or the exercise of stock options.DSM Logo.Pursuant to commitments entered into prior to issuing the Offering Circular  DSM has on 22 March 2023  delivered 660 ordinary shares to employees in view of settling the exercise of an equivalent number of stock options granted under the respective DSM Incentive Plan (average exercise price €93.36). On the date hereof  the total number of issued and outstanding DSM ordinary shares is 173 182 422. As a consequence of the delivery included herein  the number of outstanding DSM ordinary shares increased by 0.0004%.DSMRoyal DSM is a global  purpose-led company in Health  Nutrition & Bioscience  applying science to improve the health of people  animals and the planet. DSM's purpose is to create brighter lives for all. DSM's products and solutions address some of the world's biggest challenges while simultaneously creating economic  environmental and societal value for all its stakeholders – customers  employees  shareholders  and society at large. The company was founded in 1902 and is listed on Euronext Amsterdam. More information can be found at www.dsm.com.Story continuesOr find us on:LinkedIn: http://www.linkedin.com/company/3108Twitter: http://www.twitter.com/DSMFacebook: http://www.facebook.com/DSMcompanyYouTube: http://www.youtube.com/user/dsmcompanyFor more informationDSM Media Relations Gareth Mead tel. +31 (0) 45 5782420 email media.contacts@dsm.com DSM Investor Relations Dave Huizing tel. +31 (0) 45 5782864 email investor.relations@dsm.comForward-looking statementsThis press release may contain forward-looking statements with respect to DSM's future (financial) performance and position. Such statements are based on current expectations  estimates and projections of DSM and information currently available to the company. DSM cautions readers that such statements involve certain risks and uncertainties that are difficult to predict and therefore it should be understood that many factors can cause actual performance and position to differ materially from these statements. DSM has no obligation to update the statements contained in this press release  unless required by law. The English language version of the press release is leading.Logo - https://mma.prnewswire.com/media/329419/dsm_logo.jpgCisionView original content:https://www.prnewswire.co.uk/news-releases/dsm---delivery-of-shares-301778988.html,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,mixed,0.3,0.16,0.54,True,English,"['DSM', 'delivery', 'shares', 'DSM Media Relations Gareth Mead', 'DSM Investor Relations Dave Huizing', 'Koninklijke DSM N.V.', 'respective DSM Incentive Plan', 'Dutch public offer rules', 'outstanding DSM ordinary shares', 'outstanding ordinary shares', 'Public Takeover Bids', 'English language version', 'future (financial) performance', 'average exercise price', 'global, purpose-led company', '660 ordinary shares', 'treasury shares', 'Dutch Decree', 'actual performance', 'Royal DSM', 'Sections 13 paragraphs', 'biedingen Wft', 'Danube AG', 'Exchange Offer', 'United States', 'other jurisdiction', 'applicable laws', 'Offering Circular', 'share units', 'stock options', 'brighter lives', 'biggest challenges', 'economic, environmental', 'societal value', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'current expectations', 'many factors', 'original content', 'press release', 'general release', 'DSM Logo', 'equivalent number', 'total number', 'Forward-looking statements', 'Such statements', 'More information', 'provisions', 'connection', 'capital', 'solicitation', 'securities', 'publication', 'distribution', 'part', 'regulations', 'HEERLEN', 'Netherlands', '22 November', 'transactions', 'accordance', 'delivery', 'employees', 'view', 'vesting', 'commitments', '22 March', 'date', 'consequence', 'Health', 'Nutrition', 'Bioscience', 'people', 'animals', 'planet', 'products', 'solutions', 'world', 'stakeholders', 'customers', 'shareholders', 'society', 'Story', 'LinkedIn', 'Twitter', 'Facebook', 'DSMcompany', 'YouTube', 'position', 'estimates', 'projections', 'readers', 'risks', 'uncertainties', 'obligation', 'Cision', 'prnewswire', 'news-releases']",2023-03-22,2023-03-23,finance.yahoo.com
21112,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/erytech-provides-business-financial-fourth-210500540.html,ERYTECH Provides Business and Financial Update for the Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2022,ERYTECH Provides Business and Financial Update for the Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2022 Combination with Pherecydes announced  intending to create a global ...,Erytech Pharma S.A.ERYTECH Provides Business and Financial Updatefor the Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2022Combination with Pherecydes announced  intending to create a global leader in extended phage therapies targeting antimicrobial resistant pathogenic bacteriaDeep restructuring implemented; team size reduced by approximately 75% since start of 2022Cash and cash equivalents of €38.8 million ($41.5 million) at the end of December 2022Cambridge  MA (U.S.) and Lyon (France)  March 22  2023 – ERYTECH Pharma (Nasdaq & Euronext: ERYP)  a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company developing innovative therapies by encapsulating therapeutic drug substances inside red blood cells  today provided a business and financial update for the fourth quarter and full year of 2022.“After the disappointing results of our Phase 3 trial in pancreatic cancer  we have pursued during 2022 a consistent strategy to maximize the remaining value for our shareholders through strategic partnering. We sold our US manufacturing site  sharply reduced our cash burn  focused on our most promising preclinical programs  and relentlessly pursued partnering options”  said Gil Beyen  Chief Executive Officer of ERYTECH. “We are very pleased this resulted in the recently announced strategic combination with Pherecydes to build on complementary expertise and capabilities of both companies and create a global leader in phage therapy to address the increasingly alarming health context caused by antimicrobial-resistant bacteria.”Business HighlightsU.S. cell therapy manufacturing facility sold to Catalent for a total consideration of USD 44.5 millionFollowing the disappointing results of the Company’s Phase 3 trial in pancreatic cancer  ERYTECH in April 2022 sold its state-of-the-art commercial-scale cell therapy manufacturing facility in Princeton  New Jersey  to Catalent for a total consideration of $44.5 million. ERYTECH’s staff at the site of approximately 40 people has been transferred to Catalent.Story continuesGraspa® program halted and focused shifted to preclinical RBC vesicles programAfter FDA feedback on the envisaged BLA submission for Graspa® in hypersensitive ALL setback  and a non-conclusive early readout of first patients in a Phase 2 trial in TNBC  with the same product candidate  ERYTECH decided in September 2022 to halt further development of Graspa®  L-asparaginase encapsulated in donor red blood cells. Erytech decided to focus its development efforts on its most promising preclinical programs  the vesiculation of red blood cells that have already been loaded with active therapeutics to produce cargo-loaded RBC-derived extracellular vesicles  for the development of novel therapeutic approaches.Deep restructuring implementedLinked to the halt of the Company’s lead program Graspa®  a restructuring program was initiated in May 2022. Combined with the approximately 40 people who transferred to Catalent after the sale of the Company’s manufacturing facility in Princeton  the global team size will be less than 25% compared to the start of this year. The Company has retained its R&D team and its expertise in key functional areas to keep the ability to restart a pipeline of partnered development programs and maintain a fully operational dual-listed company.Combination with Pherecydes announcedOn February 15  2023  the Company announced the strategic combination with Pherecydes  a biotechnology company specializing in precision phage therapy to treat resistant and/or complicated bacterial infections  with the ambition to create a global leader in extended phage therapy and accelerate the development of a portfolio of phage candidates targeting pathogenic bacteria.The proposed transaction seeks to leverage ERYTECH’s financial resources and teams to both accelerate and expand PHERECYDES’ existing phage development programs and reinforce efforts to advance novel phage candidates.ERYTECH and PHERECYDES intend to merge their operations and relocate all teams to ERYTECH’s premises in Lyon  where they will benefit from presence in a major European hub for infectious diseases.The combined company’s cash runway would extend into Q3 2024  with a consolidated cash position of approximately €41 million as of December 31  2022  and would enable funding of existing and novel programs through multiple clinical milestones.The proposed transaction is structured as a merger of PHERECYDES into ERYTECH  pursuant to which the shareholders of PHERECYDES would receive newly issued ERYTECH ordinary shares in consideration of the contribution of the assets and liabilities of PHERECYDES. The extraordinary general meetings of ERYTECH and PHERECYDES will be called upon to vote on the proposed merger  currently expected to be convened at the end of June of 2023. The proposed transaction is expected to close shortly after the approval by the EGM.Full Year 2022 Financial ResultsKey financial figures for the twelve months of 2022 compared with the same period of the previous year are summarized below:In thousands of euros Q4 2022(12 months) Q4 2021(12 months) Revenues — — Other income 6 647 4 180 Net gain on asset sale 24 351 — Operating income 30 998 4 180 Research and development (19 907) (45 100) General and administrative (13 887) (15 595) Operating expenses (33 793) (60 696) Operating income (loss) (2 796) (56 517) Financial income 4 453 5 422 Financial expenses (1 364) (2 702) Financial income (loss) 3 089 2 720 Income tax (521) (2) Net loss (227) (53 798)Net loss for the full year of 2022 was €0.2 million  a €53.7 million improvement year-over-year  reflecting the €24.4 million net gain on the sale of the Princeton facility  and the further decrease in operating expenses  which  at €33.8 million of expenses at the end of 2022  were also showing an accelerated decrease of €26.9 million (-44%) year-over-year  with a €25.2 million decrease in R&D expenses (-56%)  related to the termination of clinical programs  and a €1.7 million decrease (-11%) in G&A.Other income included the €4.9 million debt extinguishment related to the conditional advance on the Tedac R&D program  owing to the termination of developments on the Graspa® platform  and €1.5M for the R&D tax credit.Total operating expenses of €33.8 million included an impairment charge of €2.4 million on the Lyon production facility  related to the end of eryaspase operations  and a one-off €1.8 million cost of restructuring  related to the resizing of French operations and staff.Income tax expense in 2022 was €0.5 million  reflecting the expected tax impacts of the capital gain from the sale of the Princeton facility.As of December 31  2022  ERYTECH had cash and cash equivalents totaling €38.8 million (approximately $41.5 million)  compared with €33.7 million as of December 31  2021. The €5.1 million net increase in cash position during the twelve months of 2022 was the result of the net cash of €37.6 million received from the sale of the Princeton facility  a €31.3 million net cash utilization in operating activities and investing activities (excluding the sale of the Princeton facility) and €1.8 million used in financing activities  while the variation of the U.S. dollar against the euro led to a €0.5 million positive currency exchange impact.Earlier this year  the company initiated a deep restructuring and cost reduction program  then further intensified with the halt of the Graspa® program and BLA process. Considering this ongoing reduction in operating expenses  the Company believes that its current cash position can fund its current activities and planned operating expenses to the second half of 2024.Filing of 2022 Universal Registration Document and 2022 Annual Report on Form 20-FThe Company’s 2022 Universal Registration Document for the year ended December 31  2022  including the management report and the annual financial report  and its Annual Report on Form 20-F for the year ended December 31  2022  will be filed with the “Autorité des Marchés Financiers” (AMF) and with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC)  respectively  on March 27  2023.These documents will be accessible on the Investors section of the Company’s corporate website (www.erytech.com). In addition  the Universal Registration Document will be available on the website of the AMF (www.amf-france.org) and the Annual Report on Form 20-F will also be available on the website of the SEC (www.sec.gov). Printed copies of these documents will also be available free of charge  by sending a postal request to the registered offices of ERYTECH Pharma  Bâtiment Bioserra  60 Avenue Rockefeller  69008 in Lyon (France).2023 Financial Calendar*Business Update and Financial Highlights for the First Quarter of 2023: May 9  2023 (after U.S. market close)  followed by a conference call & webcast on May 10  2023 (2:30pm CET/8:30am ET)Shareholders’ Meeting: June 23  2023 at 9.30am CET - ParisBusiness Update and Financial Highlights for the Second Quarter & First Half of 2023: September 11  2023 (after U.S. market close)  followed by a conference call & webcast on September 12  2023 (2:30pm CET/8:30am ET)Business Update and Financial Highlights for the Third Quarter of 2023: November 6  2023 (after U.S. market close)  followed by a conference call & webcast on November 7  2023 (2:30pm CET/8:30am ET)(*): Information subject to change.About ERYTECHERYTECH is a biopharmaceutical company developing innovative red blood cell-based therapeutics for severe forms of cancer and orphan diseases. Leveraging its proprietary ERYCAPS® platform  which uses a novel technology to encapsulate drug substances inside red blood cells  ERYTECH is developing a pipeline of product candidates for patients with high unmet medical needs.On February 15 2023  ERYTECH announced its intended strategic combination with PHERECYDES to create a global player in extended phage. More detail can be found in the press release.ERYTECH is listed on the Nasdaq Global Select Market in the United States (ticker: ERYP) and on the Euronext regulated market in Paris (ISIN code: FR0011471135  ticker: ERYP). ERYTECH is part of the CAC Healthcare  CAC Pharma & Bio  CAC Mid & Small  CAC All Tradable  EnterNext PEA-PME 150 and Next Biotech indexes.For more information  please visit www.erytech.comCONTACTSERYTECHEric SoyerCFO & COO NewCapMathilde Bohin / Louis-Victor DelouvrierInvestor relationsNicolas MerigeauMedia relations+33 4 78 74 44 38investors@erytech.com+33 1 44 71 94 94erytech@newcap.euForward-looking informationThis press release contains forward-looking statements  forecasts and estimates with respect to the clinical results from and the development plans of eryaspase  business and regulatory strategy and anticipated future performance of ERYTECH and of the market in which it operates. Certain of these statements  forecasts and estimates can be recognized by the use of words such as  without limitation  “believes”  “anticipates”  “expects”  “intends”  “plans”  “seeks”  “estimates”  “may”  “will” and “continue” and similar expressions. All statements contained in this press release other than statements of historical facts are forward-looking statements  including  without limitation  statements regarding ERYTECH’s business and regulatory strategy and its evaluation of potential strategic transactions. Such statements  forecasts and estimates are based on various assumptions and assessments of known and unknown risks  uncertainties and other factors  which were deemed reasonable when made but may or may not prove to be correct. Actual events are difficult to predict and may depend upon factors that are beyond ERYTECH's control. Therefore  actual results may turn out to be materially different from the anticipated future results  performance or achievements expressed or implied by such statements  forecasts and estimates. Important factors that could cause actual results and outcomes to differ materially from those indicated in the forward-looking statements include  among others  the following: (1) the failure to achieve certain regulatory and commercial milestones; (2) the inability to maintain the listing of ERYTECH’s shares on the Nasdaq Global Select market and the Euronext regulated market; (3) changes in applicable laws or regulations; (4) the possibility that ERYTECH may be adversely affected by other economic  business and/or competitive factors; (5) the inability to agree to terms on a long-term supply agreement with Catalent; and (6) other risks and uncertainties indicated from time to time in ERYTECH’s regulatory filings. Further description of these risks  uncertainties and other risks can be found in the Company’s regulatory filings with the French Autorité des Marchés Financiers (AMF)  the Company’s Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) filings and reports  including in the Company’s 2021 Universal Registration Document (Document d’Enregistrement Universel) filed with the AMF on April 27  2022 and in the Company’s Annual Report on Form 20-F filed with the SEC on April 28  2022 and future filings and reports by the Company. Given these uncertainties  no representations are made as to the accuracy or fairness of such forward-looking statements  forecasts and estimates. Furthermore  forward-looking statements  forecasts and estimates only speak as of the date of this press release. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on any of these forward-looking statements. ERYTECH disclaims any obligation to update any such forward-looking statement  forecast or estimates to reflect any change in ERYTECH’s expectations with regard thereto  or any change in events  conditions or circumstances on which any such statement  forecast or estimate is based  except to the extent required by law.Attachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.52,0.12,0.36,True,English,"['Financial Update', 'Fourth Quarter', 'Full Year', 'ERYTECH', 'Business', 'art commercial-scale cell therapy manufacturing facility', 'U.S. cell therapy manufacturing facility', 'cargo-loaded RBC-derived extracellular vesicles', 'donor red blood cells', 'preclinical RBC vesicles program', 'PHERECYDES’ existing phage development programs', 'Erytech Pharma S.A.', 'antimicrobial resistant pathogenic bacteria', 'Full Year 2022 Financial Results', 'extended phage therapy', 'promising preclinical programs', 'US manufacturing site', 'therapeutic drug substances', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'alarming health context', 'hypersensitive ALL setback', 'conclusive early readout', 'key functional areas', 'complicated bacterial infections', 'major European hub', 'multiple clinical milestones', 'extraordinary general meetings', 'novel therapeutic approaches', 'R&D team', 'Key financial figures', 'same product candidate', 'partnered development programs', 'extended phage therapies', 'novel phage candidates', 'consolidated cash position', 'clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company', 'operational dual-listed company', 'ERYTECH ordinary shares', 'global team size', 'novel programs', 'disappointing results', 'antimicrobial-resistant bacteria', 'Financial Update', 'financial resources', 'innovative therapies', 'lead program', 'restructuring program', 'same period', 'global leader', 'previous year', 'Fourth Quarter', 'Deep restructuring', 'cash equivalents', 'Phase 3 trial', 'pancreatic cancer', 'consistent strategy', 'remaining value', 'strategic partnering', 'cash burn', 'partnering options', 'Gil Beyen', 'New Jersey', 'FDA feedback', 'BLA submission', 'first patients', 'Phase 2 trial', 'active therapeutics', 'infectious diseases', 'cash runway', 'twelve months', 'Graspa® program', 'total consideration', 'The Company', 'biotechnology company', 'development efforts', 'strategic combination', 'complementary expertise', 'Business Highlights', 'start', 'December', 'Cambridge', 'Lyon', 'France', 'March', 'Nasdaq', 'Euronext', 'ERYP', 'shareholders', 'capabilities', 'companies', 'Catalent', 'USD', 'April', 'state', 'Princeton', 'staff', '40 people', 'Story', 'TNBC', 'September', 'L-asparaginase', 'vesiculation', 'May', 'sale', 'ability', 'pipeline', 'February', 'precision', 'ambition', 'portfolio', 'transaction', 'teams', 'operations', 'premises', 'presence', 'Q3', 'funding', 'merger', 'contribution', 'assets', 'liabilities', 'June', 'proposed', 'approval', 'EGM', 'thousands']",2023-03-22,2023-03-23,finance.yahoo.com
21113,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/CELLULARLINE-S-P-A-34281604/news/Cellularline-S-p-A-Presentazione-Euronext-Star-Conference-23-marzo-2023-43313581/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230322,Cellularline S p A : - Presentazione Euronext Star Conference 23 marzo 2023,(marketscreener.com)   EURONEXT STAR CONFERENCE   23 March 2023      Disclaimer   This document has been prepared for preliminary discussions in relation to Cellularline S.p.A. and its affiliates . This document  the information contained   .…,"DisclaimerThis document has been prepared for preliminary discussions in relation to Cellularline S.p.A. (the ""Company"") and its affiliates (together  the ""Group""). This document  the information containedherein and any information provided at any presentation in connection herewith (the ""Materials"") are being made available on a strictly confidential basis and all material contained herein andinformation presented is in summary draft form for discussion purposes only and must not be relied upon for any purpose. The content of this document has a merely informative and provisional nature and is not to be construed as providing investment advice.This Material is solely for your information on a confidential basis and may not be reproduced or redistributed  in whole or in part  to any other person  including  without limitation  by email or any other means of electronic communication.The Material includes certain information regarding the Company and the Group that has not been publicly disclosed. You are reminded of your agreement (i) not to disclose such information (or the fact of this presentation and the related discussions) to any person outside your organization or to others within your organization (unless they are also subject to these restrictions)  except as may be required by law  regulation or court order  and (ii) to comply with all laws and regulations applicable to the holding of such information.This presentation has been prepared and issued by  and is the sole responsibility of  the Company. The statements contained herein have not been independently verified. No representation or warranty  express or implied  is given by or on behalf of the Company and any of its directors  officers or employees as to the fairness  accuracy or completeness of the information or opinions given at the presentation or contained in this document and/or related materials and no liability is accepted for any such information or opinions. This document speaks as of March 17th 2022. The information set out herein may be subject to revision and may change materially before closing. The Company is not under any obligation to keep current the information contained in this document and any opinions expressed in it are subject to change without notice.The information contained herein does not purport to be all-inclusive or to contain all of the information a prospective or existing investor may desire. In all cases  interested parties should conduct their own investigation and analysis of the Company and the data set forth in this document.None of the Company or any of its respective affiliates  employees  officers  advisers or representatives shall have any liability whatsoever for any loss whatsoever arising from any use of this document or its contents  or otherwise arising in connection with this document (whether direct  indirect  consequential or other).This document does not constitute an offer to sell securities  nor a solicitation to make an offer to purchase or acquire any securities in the Company under Italian law and/or the law of any other jurisdiction. This document does not constitute a prospectus  offering circular or offering memorandum or an offer to acquire any shares and should not be considered as a recommendation to subscribe or purchase shares. Neither this presentation nor any other documentation or information (or any part thereof) delivered shall be deemed to constitute an offer of or an invitation by or on behalf of the Company. The Company has not decided finally whether to proceed with a transaction.This document and the information contained herein do not constitute an offer of securities for sale in the United States and are not for publication or distribution in the United States or to US persons (within the meaning of Regulation S under the United States Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). The securities proposed to be offered have not been  and will not be  registered under the Securities Act and may not be offered or sold in the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  U.S. persons except pursuant to an exemption from  or in a transaction not subject to  the registration requirements of the Securities Act. Neither this document nor any copy of it may be taken  transmitted or distributed  directly or indirectly  in or into Australia  Canada  Japan or the United States or its territories or possessions. Any failure to comply with this restriction may constitute a violation of Australian  Canadian  Japanese or United States securities laws. The distribution of this document in other jurisdictions may be restricted by law and persons into whose possession this document comes should inform themselves about and observe any such restrictions. This document is not intended for distribution to  or use by  any person or entity in any jurisdiction or country where such distribution or use would be contrary to law or regulation. The securities referred to herein have not been and will not be registered under the applicable securities laws of Australia  Canada  Japan or the United States and  subject to certain exceptions  may not be offered or sold within Australia  Canada  Japan or the United States or to any national  resident or citizen of Australia  Canada  Japan or the United States.The information in this document may include forward-looking statements  which are based on current expectations and projections about future events. Forward-looking statements  projections  objectives  estimates and forecasts are generally identifiable by the use of the words ""may""  ""will""  ""should""  ""plan""  ""expect""  ""anticipate""  ""estimate""  ""believe""  ""intend""  ""project""  ""goal"" or ""target"" or the negative of these words or other variations on these words or comparable terminology. These forward-looking statements  as well as those included in any other material forming part of the preliminary discussions  are subject to risks  uncertainties and assumptions about the Company  including  amongst other things  the development of its business  trends in its operating industry and future capital expenditure. In light of these risks  uncertainties and assumptions  the events in the forward-looking statements may not occur. The document may include figures related to pastperformance or simulated past performance. Past performance and simulated past performance are not a reliable indicator of future performance. No one undertakes to update or revise any suchforward-looking statement and no representation or warranty is given as to the achievement or reasonableness of future projections  management targets  estimates  prospect or returns  if any. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on such forward-looking statements as a prediction of actual results. The Company's ability to achieve its projected objectives or results is dependent on many factors which are outside management's control. Actual results may differ materially from (and be more negative than) those projected or implied in the forward-looking statements. Such forward looking information involves risks and uncertainties that could significantly affect expected results and is based on certain key assumptions.The information herein may not be reproduced or published in whole or in part  for any purpose  or distributed to any other party.By attending this presentation you acknowledge that you will be solely responsible for your own assessment of the market and the market position of the Company and the Group and that you will conduct your own analysis and be solely responsible for forming your own view of the potential future performance of the Company's and the Group's business.By attending this presentation you will be taken to have represented  warranted and undertaken that you have read and agree to be bound by and comply with the contents of this notice and the research report guidelines set forth in a separate memorandum.",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.29,0.7,True,English,"['Euronext Star Conference', 'Cellularline', 'Presentazione', 'Cellularline S.p.A.', 'United States securities laws', 'United States Securities Act', 'summary draft form', 'Australian, Canadian, Japanese', 'U.S. persons', 'applicable securities laws', 'Regulation S', 'preliminary discussions', 'confidential basis', 'discussion purposes', 'provisional nature', 'investment advice', 'other means', 'electronic communication', 'related discussions', 'court order', 'sole responsibility', 'existing investor', 'interested parties', 'other documentation', 'US persons', 'registration requirements', 'other jurisdictions', 'related materials', 'respective affiliates', 'other person', 'The Company', 'Italian law', 'Disclaimer', 'relation', 'Group', 'information', 'presentation', 'connection', 'content', 'informative', 'limitation', 'email', 'agreement', 'fact', 'organization', 'others', 'restrictions', 'regulations', 'holding', 'statements', 'warranty', 'behalf', 'directors', 'officers', 'employees', 'fairness', 'accuracy', 'completeness', 'opinions', 'liability', 'March', 'revision', 'obligation', 'change', 'notice', 'prospective', 'cases', 'investigation', 'analysis', 'data', 'None', 'advisers', 'representatives', 'loss', 'use', 'offer', 'solicitation', 'prospectus', 'circular', 'memorandum', 'shares', 'recommendation', 'invitation', 'transaction', 'sale', 'publication', 'distribution', 'meaning', 'account', 'benefit', 'exemption', 'copy', 'Canada', 'territories', 'possessions', 'failure', 'violation', 'entity', 'country']",2023-03-22,2023-03-23,marketscreener.com
21114,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/03/22/2631936/0/en/Sequana-Medical-announces-additional-patents-for-DSR-in-China-and-the-United-States.html,Sequana Medical announces additional patents for DSR® in China and the United States,"PRESS RELEASE    Ghent  Belgium – 22 March 2023 – Sequana Medical NV (Euronext Brussels: SEQUA) (the ""Company"" or ""Sequana Medical"")  a pioneer in the......","PRESS RELEASEGhent  Belgium – 22 March 2023 – Sequana Medical NV (Euronext Brussels: SEQUA) (the ""Company"" or ""Sequana Medical"")  a pioneer in the treatment of fluid overload in liver disease  heart failure and cancer  today announces further strengthening of the intellectual property portfolio for its DSR (Direct Sodium Removal) program. A key composition of matter patent was allowed in China and an additional patent on the method of operation was granted in the US.Chinese patent application number 201880045801.6 was allowed on 7 March 2023. This key patent entitled “Direct sodium removal method  solution and apparatus to reduce fluid overload in heart failure patients” has already been granted in the US and Europe and is pending in other regions such as Australia  Canada and Japan. It protects the use of a sodium-free or low-sodium infusate that is administered into a patient’s peritoneal cavity to directly remove sodium  and thereby fluid from the body to alleviate fluid overload in heart failure patients with residual renal function.US patent number 11 602 583 B2 was granted on 14 March 2023 and covers the expansion of the method of operation for Sequana Medical’s DSR therapy using an implantable pump system. While the Company’s current focus is on Short Term DSR therapy using a peritoneal catheter  the additional US patent granted gives further flexibility to use implantable pump systems  such as its alfapump®  to provide patients with long-term support.To date  Sequana Medical has filed 16 patents for its DSR program of which 6 have been granted  covering a broad range of aspects  both for the method of operation and composition of matter.Ian Crosbie  Chief Executive Officer of Sequana Medical  commented: “As the evidence for DSR’s disease-modifying effect in heart failure grows  we continue to build a strong patent portfolio for our DSR program and the patent allowed in China is an important international reinforcement of that. Cardiovascular disease is the leading cause of healthcare burden in China with 4.5 million people suffering from heart failure.1 The Chinese market offers huge potential for DSR where we believe it represents a compelling treatment option in this large and growing heart failure market.“Following the long-lasting clinical benefits observed in our RED DESERT and SAHARA proof-of-concept studies  we are focusing on Short Term DSR therapy using a peritoneal catheter. Use of DSR therapy with an implantable pump system such as our alfapump could be of great relevance in particular populations of congestive heart failure patients requiring regular DSR therapy. Today’s announcement gives this approach further strong patent protection.”For more information  please contact:Sequana MedicalLies VannesteDirector Investor RelationsE: IR@sequanamedical.comT: +32 (0)498 053579Optimum Strategic CommunicationsNick Bastin  Jonathan Edwards  Vici RabbettsE: Sequana@optimumcomms.comT: +44 (0) 208 078 4357About DSR in congestive heart failureSequana Medical considers its proprietary DSR to be a disease modifying therapy for congestive heart failure. Fluid accumulation in heart failure patients is caused by the retention of too much sodium. The DSR drug-based approach directly tackles this key clinical problem of sodium overload  and works in partnership with the kidneys to safely and rapidly eliminate the excess fluid. Complementary to existing heart failure therapies  clinical proof-of-concept studies using the Company’s first-generation DSR product (DSR 1.0) have shown that DSR can i) safely  effectively and rapidly eliminate fluid overload in heart failure patients  ii) improve the health of the heart and preserve renal function  and iii) restore the ability of the kidney to manage the fluid and sodium naturally  resulting in a large and long-lasting reduction in the need for diuretic drugs. In DSR treated patients  there have been no congestion-related re-hospitalizations during the study follow-up period  all patients improved their NYHA status by at least one class and the clinical benefits observed in the clinical studies resulted in a 75% reduction in predicted one-year mortality of patients pre- vs. post-intensive DSR therapy based on the Seattle Heart Failure Model. The Company is currently preparing an IND application for its second-generation DSR product (DSR 2.0) in the US and plans to begin a US randomized controlled Phase 1/2a clinical trial in Q2 2023.About Sequana MedicalSequana Medical NV is a pioneer in treating fluid overload  a serious and frequent clinical complication in patients with liver disease  heart failure and cancer. These patients can have up to 15 liters of extra fluid in their bodies  causing major medical issues including increased mortality  repeated hospitalizations  severe pain  difficult breathing and restricted mobility that severely impacts daily life. Although diuretics are standard of care  the problem is that in many patients they are no longer effective and / or tolerable. There are limited effective treatment options for these patients  resulting in poor clinical outcomes  high costs and a major impact on their quality of life. Sequana Medical is seeking to provide innovative treatment options for this large and growing “diuretic-resistant” patient population.alfapump® and DSR® are Sequana Medical's proprietary platforms that work with the body to treat diuretic-resistant fluid overload  delivering major clinical and quality of life benefits for patients and reducing costs for healthcare systems. The Company has reported positive primary endpoint data from the North American pivotal POSEIDON trial of the alfapump in recurrent or refractory ascites due to liver cirrhosis  enabling the filing of a Pre-Market Approval (PMA) application with the FDA  planned for H2 2023. Having delivered clinical proof-of-concept for DSR as a disease-modifying drug program for the treatment of heart failure  the Company is planning to commence MOJAVE  a US multi-centered randomized controlled Phase 1/2a clinical trial of DSR 2.0  in Q2 2023.Sequana Medical is listed on Euronext Brussels (Ticker: SEQUA.BR) and headquartered in Ghent  Belgium. For further information  please visit www.sequanamedical.com.Important Regulatory DisclaimersThe alfapump® system is currently not approved in the United States or Canada. In the United States and Canada  the alfapump system is currently under clinical investigation (POSEIDON Trial) and is being studied in adult patients with refractory or recurrent ascites due to cirrhosis. For more information regarding the POSEIDON clinical trial see www.poseidonstudy.com. DSR® therapy is still in development and it should be noted that any statements regarding safety and efficacy arise from ongoing pre-clinical and clinical investigations which have yet to be completed. DSR therapy is currently not approved for clinical research in the United States or Canada. There is no link between DSR therapy and ongoing investigations with the alfapump system in Europe  the United States or Canada.Note: alfapump® is a registered trademark. DSR® is a registered trademark in the Benelux  China  the EU  United Kingdom  and Hong Kong.Forward-looking statementsThis press release may contain predictions  estimates or other information that might be considered forward-looking statements. Such forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance. These forward-looking statements represent the current judgment of Sequana Medical on what the future holds  and are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially. Sequana Medical expressly disclaims any obligation or undertaking to release any updates or revisions to any forward-looking statements in this press release  except if specifically required to do so by law or regulation. You should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements  which reflect the opinions of Sequana Medical only as of the date of this press release.1 Weiwei et al.  European Heart Journal Supplements (2016)  European Society of CardiologyAttachments",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.24,0.1,0.66,True,English,"['Sequana Medical', 'additional patents', 'United States', 'DSR®', 'China', 'US randomized controlled Phase 1/2a clinical trial', 'Lies Vanneste Director Investor Relations', 'limited effective treatment options', 'existing heart failure therapies', 'Seattle Heart Failure Model', 'Short Term DSR therapy', 'growing heart failure market', 'Chinese patent application number', 'The DSR drug-based approach', 'congestive heart failure patients', 'Direct sodium removal method', 'frequent clinical complication', 'intellectual property portfolio', 'implantable pump system', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'important international reinforcement', 'Optimum Strategic Communications', 'study follow-up period', 'up to 15 liters', 'US patent number', 'compelling treatment option', 'strong patent portfolio', 'strong patent protection', 'major medical issues', 'disease modifying therapy', 'long-lasting clinical benefits', 'regular DSR therapy', 'first-generation DSR product', 'post-intensive DSR therapy', 'second-generation DSR product', 'residual renal function', 'additional US patent', 'key clinical problem', 'Sequana Medical NV', 'Chinese market', 'clinical proof', 'clinical studies', 'additional patent', 'IND application', 'key patent', 'liver disease', 'Cardiovascular disease', 'The Company', 'proprietary DSR', 'matter patent', 'PRESS RELEASE', 'Euronext Brussels', 'other regions', 'low-sodium infusate', 'peritoneal cavity', 'current focus', 'peritoneal catheter', 'long-term support', 'broad range', 'Ian Crosbie', 'disease-modifying effect', 'leading cause', 'healthcare burden', '4.5 million people', 'huge potential', 'RED DESERT', 'SAHARA proof', 'concept studies', 'great relevance', 'particular populations', 'Nick Bastin', 'Jonathan Edwards', 'Vici Rabbetts', 'sodium overload', 'long-lasting reduction', 'diuretic drugs', 'congestion-related re-hospitalizations', 'NYHA status', 'one class', 'repeated hospitalizations', 'severe pain', 'difficult breathing', 'restricted mobility', 'daily life', 'many patients', 'key composition', 'fluid overload', 'Fluid accumulation', 'excess fluid', 'extra fluid', 'DSR program', 'one-year mortality', '75% reduction', 'Ghent', 'Belgium', '22 March', 'pioneer', 'cancer', 'strengthening', 'China', 'operation', '7 March', 'solution', 'Europe', 'Australia', 'Canada', 'Japan', 'sodium-free', 'body', '2,583 B2', '14 March', 'expansion', 'flexibility', 'alfapump®', 'date', '16 patents', 'aspects', 'evidence', 'large', 'announcement', 'information', 'retention', 'partnership', 'kidneys', 'ability', 'need', 'Q2', 'serious', 'bodies', 'increased', 'diuretics', 'standard', '44']",2023-03-22,2023-03-23,globenewswire.com
21115,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/wendel-wendel-launches-circa-750m-063900506.html,WENDEL: Wendel launches a circa €750m issue of bonds exchangeable into existing ordinary shares of Bureau Veritas due 2026,PRESS RELEASE – MARCH 22  2023 Wendel launches a circa €750m issue of bonds exchangeable into existing ordinary shares of Bureau Veritas due 2026 Issue of...,"WENDELPRESS RELEASE – MARCH 22  2023Wendel launches a circa €750m issue of bonds exchangeable into existing ordinary shares of Bureau Veritas due 2026I ssue of circa € 750 million of bond s exchangeable into Bureau Veritas shares at a premium of 2 5 % above the reference share priceWendel reiterates its full confidence in Bureau Veritas’ strategyParis  on 22 March 2023Wendel (the “Issuer”)  owning 35.5% of Bureau Veritas’ share capital and 51.7% of its voting rights  announces its intention to issue a bond exchangeable for Bureau Veritas shares (the “Shares”).Confident in the upside potential of Bureau Veritas’ share price  Wendel wants to maintain a significant exposure to Bureau Veritas and has decided to issue a circa €750 million bond exchangeable into Shares (the “Bonds”) as an efficient funding source.Following the issuance of the Bonds  Wendel will retain control of Bureau Veritas and will continue to work closely with the management team on its strategy. Should the Bonds be fully exchanged at maturity  Wendel will retain a stake of approximately 30.6% in Bureau Veritas’ share capital and approximately 46.1% of its voting rights. This level of ownership will enable Wendel to remain a significant shareholder of Bureau Veritas.The Bonds will have a maturity of 3 years  except in case of early redemption  exchange or purchase and cancellation. The Bonds are expected to carry a coupon of between 2.125% and 2.875% per annum  payable annually in arrear on March 27 of each year  commencing on March 27  2024. The Bonds will be issued at an issue price of 100% of their principal amount and  unless previously redeemed  exchanged  or purchased and cancelled  will be redeemed at their principal amount on March 27  2026 (the “Maturity Date”). The initial exchange price is expected to be set at a premium of 25% above the reference share price  which will be equal to the Volume Weighted Average Price (“VWAP”) of the Shares on Euronext Paris between opening of trading on March 22  2023 (the “Launch Date”) and pricing on the same day.Story continuesThe Bonds will be offered only by way of an offering to qualified investors only  as defined in article 2(e) of Regulation 2017/1129  as amended (the “Prospectus Regulation”)  pursuant to Article L.411-2  1° of the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier) in France and outside of France (excluding the United States of America  Canada (with the exception of the province of Ontario)  Australia  South Africa and Japan)  without an offer to the public (other than to qualified investors) in any country (including France).The definitive terms and conditions of the Bonds (the “Terms and Conditions”) will be determined following the completion of the bookbuilding process. Settlement and delivery of the Bonds is expected to take place on March 27  2023 (the “Issue Date”).Wendel plans to use the proceeds from this transaction to finance its general corporate purposes and for diversification of its funding sources.Wendel has agreed to a lock-up from pricing of the Bonds until 90 days after the Issue Date  subject to certain exceptions.Laurent Mignon  CEO of Wendel  commented:“With the issuance of this exchangeable bond  Wendel is seizing the currently attractive financing opportunities in the equity-linked market to optimize funding sources and to implement an active portfolio management. Last week  we announced our intention to invest c.€2 billion of equity within two years  while optimizing Wendel's financial flexibility. This transaction enables us to retain further upside potential in Bureau Veritas’ share price as we remain confident on the company’s prospects. Wendel intends to continue its active support of the Bureau Veritas management team to pursue value creation.”Key characteristics of the BondsTotal amount of the issue c.€750 million Maturity1 3.0 years / March 27  2026 Issue / Redemption price 100.0% Exchange premium2 25% Yield to maturity per annum 2.125 – 2.875% Coupon 2.125 – 2.875% per annum  payable annually in arrear Principal Amount €100 000 for each Bond Exchange period3 From the 41st day after the Issue Date until the 30th business day preceding Maturity Date Exchange ratio4 Principal Amount divided by the prevailing Exchange Price Issue Date Expected March 27  2023 Listing Euronext AccessTM market of Euronext ParisThe Bonds offering will be led by Goldman Sachs Bank Europe SE and BNP Paribas acting as Joint Bookrunners. Goldman Sachs Bank Europe SE is the Sole Global Coordinator of the transaction. Crédit Agricole CIB is acting as a Co-Manager.This press release does not constitute or form a part of any offer to subscribe nor a solicitation to buy or subscribe any financial instrument of Bureau Veritas or Wendel  and the placement of the Bonds do not constitute  in any circumstances  a public offering (other than to qualified investors) in any country  including France.Important noticeThe information contained in this press release is for background purposes only and does not purport to be full or complete.No reliance may be placed by any person for any purpose on the information contained in this press release or its accuracy  fairness or completeness.No action has been taken by the Issuer  the Company  Goldman Sachs Bank Europe SE  BNP Paribas and Crédit Agricole CIB (the “Managers”) or any of their respective affiliates that would permit an offering of the Bonds or possession or distribution of this press release or any offering or publicity material relating to the Bonds in any jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required. Persons into whose possession this press release comes are required by the Issuer  the Company and the Managers to inform themselves about  and to observe  any such restrictions.Copies of this press release are not being  and must not be  mailed or otherwise forwarded  distributed or sent in  into or from the United States or any other jurisdiction in which such mailing would be illegal  or to publications with a general circulation in those jurisdictions  and persons receiving this press release (including custodians  nominees and trustees) must not mail or otherwise forward  distribute or send it in  into or from the United States or any other jurisdiction in which such mailing would be illegal or to publications with a general circulation in those jurisdictions.This press release is not for release  publication or distribution  directly or indirectly in or into the United States (including its territories and dependencies  any state of the United States and the District of Columbia) or to U.S Persons  or in or into Australia  Canada (with the exception of the province of Ontario)  Japan or South Africa. This press release does not contain or constitute an offer to sell securities or the solicitation of any offer to buy securities  nor shall there be any offer of securities in any jurisdiction in which such offer or sale would be unlawful.The distribution of this press release may be restricted by law in certain jurisdictions and persons into whose possession any document or other information referred to herein come should inform themselves about and observe any such restriction. Any failure to comply with these restrictions may constitute a violation of the securities laws of any such jurisdiction.This press release is an advertisement and not a prospectus within the meaning of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129  as amended (the “Prospectus Regulation”) and of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of the United Kingdom (“UK”) domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the “EUWA”) (the “UK Prospectus Regulation”). This press release is not an offer to the public other than to qualified investors  or an offer to subscribe or designed to solicit interest for purposes of an offer to the public other than to qualified investors in any jurisdiction  including France.The Bonds have been and will be offered only by way of an offering in France and outside France (excluding the United States of America  Australia  Canada (with the exception of the province of Ontario)  South Africa  Japan and any other jurisdiction where a registration process or an approval would be required by applicable laws and regulations)  solely to qualified investors as defined in Article 2(e) of the Prospectus Regulation  in accordance with Article L. 411-2  1° of the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier) and Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation. There will be no public offering in any country (including France) in connection with the Bonds  other than to qualified investors. This press release does not constitute a recommendation concerning the issue of the Bonds. The value of the Bonds and the shares of the Company can decrease as well as increase. Potential investors should consult a professional adviser as to the suitability of the Bonds for the person concerned.Prohibition of sales to European Economic Area retail investorsThe Bonds are not intended to be offered  sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered  sold or otherwise made available to  and no action has been undertaken or will be undertaken to offer  sell or otherwise make available any Bonds to any retail investor in the European Economic Area (the “EEA”). For the purposes of this provision  a “retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of the following: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU  as amended (“MiFID II”); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97  as amended (the “Insurance Distribution Directive”)  where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) a person other than a “qualified investor” as defined in the Prospectus Regulation  and (B) the expression “offer” includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Bonds to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or to subscribe to the Bonds. Consequently  no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014  as amended (the ""PRIIPs Regulation"") for offering or selling the Bonds or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been or will be prepared and therefore offering or selling the Bonds or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.Prohibition of sales to UK retail InvestorsThe Bonds are not intended to be offered  sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered  sold or otherwise made available to  and no action has been undertaken or will be undertaken to offer  sell or otherwise make available any Bonds to any retail investor in the United Kingdom (“UK”). For the purposes of this provision  a “retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of the following: (i) a retail client as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000  as amended (the “FSMA”) and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement the Insurance Distribution Directive  where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a “qualified investor” as defined in point (e) of article 2 the Prospectus Regulation as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; and (B) the expression “offer” includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Bonds to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or to subscribe to the Bonds. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Bonds or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been or will be prepared and therefore offering or selling the Bonds or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.MIFID II product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the purposes of each manufacturer’s product approval process  the target market assessment in respect of the Bonds has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Bonds is eligible counterparties and professional clients  each as defined in MiFID II; and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Bonds to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering  selling or recommending the Bonds (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the manufacturers’ target market assessment; however  a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Bonds (by either adopting or refining the manufacturers’ target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.UK MiFIR product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the purposes of each manufacturer’s product approval process  the target market assessment in respect of the Bonds has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Bonds is only eligible counterparties  as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook (“COBS”)  and professional clients  as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (“UK MiFIR”); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Bonds to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering  selling or recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the manufacturers’ target market assessment; however  a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the “UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules”) is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Bonds (by either adopting or refining the manufacturers’ target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.FranceThe Bonds have not been and will not be offered or sold or cause to be offered or sold  directly or indirectly  to the public in France other than to qualified investors. Any offer or sale of the Bonds and distribution of any offering material relating to the Bonds have been and will be made in France only to qualified investors (investisseurs qualifiés)  as defined in Article 2 (e) of the Prospectus Regulation  in accordance with Article L. 411-2  1° of the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier).United KingdomThis press release is addressed and directed only at persons who (i) are located outside the UK  (ii) are investment professionals as defined in Article 19(5) of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Financial Promotion) Order 2005  as amended (the “Order”)  (iii) are high net worth companies  and other persons to whom it may lawfully be communicated  falling within by Article 49(2) (a) to (d) of the Order (the persons mentioned in paragraphs (i)  (ii) and (iii) collectively being referred to as “Relevant Persons”). The Bonds and  as the case may be  the shares to be delivered upon exercise of the exchange rights (the “Financial Instruments”)  are intended only for Relevant Persons and any invitation  offer or agreement related to the subscription  tender  or acquisition of the Financial Instruments may be addressed and/or concluded only with Relevant Persons. All persons other than Relevant Persons must abstain from using or relying on this document and all information contained therein.This press release is not a prospectus which has been approved by the Financial Conduct Authority or any other UK regulatory authority for the purposes of Section 85 of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000.United StatesThis press release may not be releases  published or distributed in or into the United States (including its territories and dependencies  any state of the United States and the District of Columbia). This press release does not constitute a solicitation to purchase or an offer of the Bonds or the shares of the Company in the United States. The Bonds and the Shares referred to herein have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the “Securities Act”)  or the securities laws of any state of the United States  and such securities may not be offered  pledge or otherwise transferred in the United States  or to  or for the account or benefit of  U.S. Persons (as defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act (“Regulation S”) absent registration under the Securities Act or pursuant to an available exemption from  or in a transaction not subject to   the registration requirements thereof an applicable state of securities laws. The Issuer does not intend to make a public offer if the securities in the United States.In addition  until 40 calendar days after the commencement of the offering of the Bonds  an offer or sale of the Bonds within the United States by a dealer (whether or not it is participating in the offering may violate the registration requirement of the Securities Act.Australia  Canada  Japan and South AfricaThe Bonds may not and will not be offered  sold or purchase in Australia  Canada (with the exception of the province of Ontario)  Japan or South Africa. The information contained in this press release does not constitute an offer of securities for sale in Australia  Canada (with the exception of the province of Ontario)  Japan or South Africa.The distribution of this press release in certain countries may constitute a breach of applicable law.The Managers are acting exclusively for the Issuer and no one else in connection with the Bonds offering. They will not regard any other person as their respective clients in relation to the Bonds offering and will not be responsible to anyone other than the Issuer for providing the protections afforded to their respective clients  nor for providing advice in relation to the Issuer  the contents of this press release or any transaction  arrangement or other matter referred to herein.None of the Managers or any of their respective affiliates  directors  officers  employees  advisers or agents accepts any responsibility or liability whatsoever for or makes any representation or warranty  express or implied  as to the truth  accuracy or completeness of the information in this press release (or whether any information has been omitted from it) or any other information relating to the Issuer  its subsidiaries or associated companies  whether written  oral or in a visual or electronic form  and howsoever transmitted or made available or for any loss howsoever arising from any use of this press release or its contents or otherwise arising in connection therewith.The Managers and any of their respective affiliates acting as an investor for its own account or the account of its clients may take up the Bonds or the ordinary shares to be transferred and delivered upon exchange of the Bonds (the “Securities”) and in that capacity may retain  purchase or sell for their own account the Securities or any other Securities of the Company or related investments  and may offer or sell the Securities or other investments otherwise than in connection with the Bonds offering. The Managers do not intend to disclose the extent of any such investment or transactions otherwise than in accordance with any legal or regulatory obligation to do so. In addition  each of the Managers and their respective affiliates may perform services for  or solicit business from  the Issuer or members of the Issuer’s group  may make markets in the securities of such persons and/or have a position or effect transactions in such securities (including without limitation asset swaps or derivative transactions relating to such securities).Press contacts Analyst and investor contactsChristine Anglade-Pirzadeh: +33 (0)1 42 85 63 24c.anglade@wendelgroup.comCaroline Decaux: +33 (0)1 42 85 91 27c.decaux@wendelgroup.comPrimaticeOlivier Labesse: +33 (0)6 79 11 49 71olivierlabesse@primatice.comHugues Schmitt: +33 (0)6 71 99 74 58huguesschmitt@primatice.com Olivier Allot: +33 (0)1 42 85 63 73o.allot@wendelgroup.comLucile Roch: +33 (0)1 42 85 63 72l.roch@wendelgroup.com1 The Bonds will be redeemed at par on the Maturity Date  subject to Wendel's option to deliver existing shares of Bureau Veritas and  as the case may be  an additional amount in cash. The Bonds may be redeemed earlier at Wendel’s option under certain conditions. In addition  the holders of Bonds may demand early redemption of the Bonds in the event of a change in control triggering a downgrade event of Wendel or in the event of a change of control or a delisting of Bureau Veritas  subject to certain exceptions as defined in the Terms and Conditions.2 Exchange premium above the VWAP of the Shares on Euronext Paris between opening of trading on the Launch Date and pricing on the same day.3 Bondholders may exercise their exchange right at any time from (and including) the 41st calendar day after the Issue Date until (and including) the 30th business day before the Maturity Date  or until the 10th business day preceding the relevant early redemption date  if applicable.4 Subject to any subsequent adjustments as described in the Terms and Conditions of the Bonds. In the event that Bondholders exercise their exchange rights  they will be entitled to receive  at the option of Wendel  either an amount in cash  or an amount in cash plus a number of Shares or Shares only.Attachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.54,0.28,0.18,True,English,"['circa €750m issue', 'existing ordinary shares', 'Bureau Veritas', 'WENDEL', 'bonds', 'Goldman Sachs Bank Europe SE', 'prevailing Exchange Price Issue Date', 'Crédit Agricole CIB', 'Volume Weighted Average Price', 'Bureau Veritas’ share capital', 'Bureau Veritas’ share price', 'Bureau Veritas management team', 'Maturity Date Exchange ratio4', 'reference share price', 'initial exchange price', 'attractive financing opportunities', 'Sole Global Coordinator', 'Code monétaire', 'general corporate purposes', 'active portfolio management', 'efficient funding source', '30th business day', 'circa €750m issue', 'existing ordinary shares', 'Bureau Veritas shares', 'Bureau Veritas’ strategy', 'Bond Exchange period3', 'Euronext AccessTM market', 'arrear Principal Amount', 'issue price', 'Redemption price', 'The Bonds offering', '0.0% Exchange premium2', 'Launch Date', 'Financial Code', 'equity-linked market', 'active support', 'background purposes', 'same day', 'funding sources', '41st day', 'Total amount', 'PRESS RELEASE', 'full confidence', 'voting rights', 'bond exchangeable', 'upside potential', 'significant exposure', '€750 million bond', 'significant shareholder', 'early redemption', 'Euronext Paris', 'qualified investors', 'French Monetary', 'United States', 'South Africa', 'bookbuilding process', 'Laurent Mignon', 'exchangeable bond', 'financial flexibility', 'value creation', 'Key characteristics', 'BNP Paribas', 'Joint Bookrunners', 'financial instrument', 'Important notice', 'Prospectus Regulation', 'Article L.', 'definitive terms', 'public offering', 'two years', '3 years', '3.0 years', 'WENDEL', 'MARCH', 'Issuer', 'intention', 'issuance', 'control', 'stake', 'level', 'ownership', 'case', 'purchase', 'cancellation', 'coupon', 'annum', 'VWAP', 'opening', 'trading', 'Story', 'way', 'financier', 'France', 'America', 'Canada', 'exception', 'province', 'Ontario', 'Australia', 'Japan', 'country', 'conditions', 'completion', 'Settlement', 'delivery', 'place', 'proceeds', 'transaction', 'diversification', 'lock-up', 'pricing', 'CEO', 'company', 'prospects', 'Maturity1', 'Co-Manager', 'part', 'solicitation', 'circumstances', 'information', '90', '2.']",2023-03-22,2023-03-23,finance.yahoo.com
21116,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/bghl-eur-nav-063000873.html,BGHL (EUR): NAV(s),BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary Shares The Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for...,"BOUSSARD AND GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED (EUR)BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary SharesThe Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for the Company.Close of business 21 Mar 2023.Estimated NAVEuro Shares Sterling Shares Estimated NAV € 26.7153 £ 23.5696 Estimated MTD return -2.09 % -2.02 % Estimated YTD return -3.80 % -3.51 % Estimated ITD return 167.15 % 135.70 %NAV and returns are calculated net of management and performance feesMarket informationEuro Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close € 21.60 N/A Premium/discount to estimated NAV -19.15 % N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close N/A GBX 1 900.00 Premium/discount to estimated NAV N/A -19.39 %Transactions in own securities purchased into treasuryOrdinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares 850 N/A Average Price € 21.80 N/A Range of Price N/A N/ALiquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/ABGHL CapitalBGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Shares Outstanding 12 296 208 126 294 Held in treasury 850 N/A Shares Issued 12 297 058 126 294Estimated BG Fund NAVClass B Euro Shares (estimated) € 234.6430 Class GBP A Shares (estimated) £ 125.7968The Class B Euro Shares of BG Fund are not subject to investment manager fees  as the Investment Manager receives management fees and performance fees in respect of its role as Investment Manager of BGHL.Story continuesFor further information please contact:Boussard & Gavaudan Investment Management  LLP.Emmanuel Gavaudan +44 (0) 20 3751 5389 Email : info@bgam-uk.comThe Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has received the necessary approval of the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and the States of Guernsey Policy Council. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.This is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Neither the Company nor BG Fund ICAV has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that:all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results;the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; andif you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.Attachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.09,0.18,0.73,True,English,"['BGHL', 'EUR', 'NAV', 'A Liquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares', 'The Class B Euro Shares', 'BGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares', 'Class GBP A Shares', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'A N/A Average Price', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'Euro Shares Amsterdam', 'Sterling Shares Shares', 'US Investment Company Act', 'GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED', 'expert financial advice', 'Guernsey Policy Council', 'collective investment scheme', 'UK Listing Authority', 'other professional advice', 'BG Fund ICAV', 'closed-ended investment company', 'US Securities Act', 'Gavaudan Investment Management', 'investment manager fees', 'BG Fund NAV', '850 N/A Shares', 'The Shares', 'A Premium/discount', 'A Range', 'Dutch Authority', 'N/A GBX', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'US persons', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'Financial Markets', 'The Directors', 'The Company', 'investment performance', 'original investment', 'investment decision', 'performance fees', 'BGHL Capital', 'management fees', 'MTD return', 'YTD return', 'ITD return', 'financieel toezicht', 'Official List', 'applicable law', 'public offering', 'other jurisdiction', 'following information', 'further information', 'information purposes', 'main market', 'United States', 'Market information', 'NAV N', 'necessary approval', 'future results', 'listed securities', 'LSE) Market', 'BOUSSARD', 'business', 'returns', 'AEX', 'Transactions', 'treasury', 'Number', 'respect', 'role', 'Story', 'LLP.', 'Email', 'article', 'conjunction', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', 'mind', 'risk', 'past', 'guarantee', 'doubt', 'contents', 'communication', 'substitute', 'Attachment']",2023-03-22,2023-03-23,finance.yahoo.com
21117,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/bic-remuneration-corporate-officers-164000682.html,BIC: Remuneration of Corporate Officers,FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE Remuneration of Corporate Officersin accordance with the AFEP-MEDEF Code of Corporate Governance for listed companies Clichy  France – ...,"Societe BICFOR IMMEDIATE RELEASERemuneration of Corporate Officersin accordance with the AFEP-MEDEF Code of Corporate Governance for listed companiesClichy  France – March 22  2023 - In its meetings of February 14 and March 17  2023  under the presidence of Nikos Koumettis  the Board of Directors of SOCIETE BIC  upon the recommendations of the Remuneration Committee  and in accordance with the remuneration policy approved by the Annual General Meeting held on May 18  2022  decided the following in relation to the remuneration of BIC’s Corporate Officers:Remuneration for the fiscal year 2022:Chair of the Board: An annual fixed remuneration of 125 000 euros was granted to John Glen  Chair of the Board until May 18  2022. An annual fixed remuneration of 200 000 euros was granted to Nikos Koumettis  Chair of the Board from May 18  2022.Chief Executive Officer: Fixed remuneration for 2022: the annual fixed part of the remuneration for Gonzalve Bich as Chief Executive Officer was set at 850 000 US dollars (806 434 euros 1 ). Variable remuneration for 2022: following an examination of the performance criteria and with respect to a target of 1 105 500 US dollars  the variable part of the 2022 remuneration for Gonzalve Bich was set at 1 349 205 US dollars (1 280 688 euros 1 )  which corresponds to 122.1% of the target. The performance criteria will be detailed in the 2022 Universal Registration Document.Remuneration for the fiscal year 2023:The Board of Directors set the 2023 remuneration policy as follows:300 000 euros (unchanged vs. previous years) for the Chair of the Board. No variable remuneration is considered for the Chair of the Board.900 000 US dollars (854 295 euros 1 )  for Gonzalve Bich  Chief Executive Officer. Given the current exceptional situation with regards to inflation  the Board of Directors approved an increase to the fixed remuneration equivalent to 5.9%  in line with the average salary increase applied to the team members in the United States. The target for the variable part of the CEO remuneration remains unchanged at 130% of the fixed element  and the level free shares granted is not impacted by the proposed increase in fixed remuneration. The total direct remuneration at target will be increased by 3.15%.The balance between financial and individual objectives in the 2023 annual variable remuneration remains unchanged. In light of the AFEP-MEDEF recommendations published in December 2022  the Board of Directors has taken the opportunity to identify a specific climate-related objective  measured independently from the other individual objectives. The detail of the variable remuneration criteria for 2023 will be available in the 2022 Universal Registration Document.Story continuesUnder the provisions of articles L.22-10-34 II and L.22-10-8 of the French Commercial Code  the payment of the variable remuneration for 2022 and remuneration policy for the fiscal year 2023 are contingent on a positive vote of the Annual General Meeting that will be held on May 16  2023.***1 Amounts in US dollars were translated into euros using the average exchange rate for 2022 (1 € = 1.0535 USD).ABOUT BICA world leader in stationery  lighters and shavers  BIC brings simplicity and joy to everyday Life. For more than 75 years  the Company has honored the tradition of providing high-quality  affordable  essential products to consumers everywhere. Through this unwavering dedication  BIC has become one of the most recognized brands and is a trademark registered worldwide. Today  BIC products are sold in more than 160 countries around the world and feature iconic brands such as BIC Kids™  BIC FlexTM  BodyMark by BICTM  Cello®  Djeep  Lucky Stationery  Rocketbook  Soleil®  Tipp-Ex®  Us. TM  Wite-Out®  Inkbox and more. In 2022  BIC Net Sales were 2 233.9 million euros. The Company is listed on ""Euronext Paris"" "" is part of the SBF120 and CAC Mid 60 indexes and is recognized for its commitment to sustainable development and education. It received an A- Leadership score from CDP. For more  visit www.bic.com or follow us on LinkedIn  Instagram  Twitter  or YouTube.CONTACTSInvestor Relations teaminvestors.info@bicworld.comMichèle VenturaInvestor Relations Senior Managermichele.ventura@bicworld.comIsabelle de SegonzacImage 7  Press Relations contact+ 33 6 89 87 61 39isegonzac@image7.fr2023 AGENDAALL DATES TO BE CONFIRMED1st Quarter 2023 Results April 25  2023 (post market close) 2023 Annual General Meeting May 16  2023 2nd Quarter and 1st Half 2023 Results July 26  2023 (post market close) 3rd Quarter and 9 Months 2023 Results October 25  2023 (post market close)Attachment",neutral,0.04,0.96,0.0,positive,0.74,0.24,0.02,True,English,"['Corporate Officers', 'BIC', 'Remuneration', 'Michèle Ventura Investor Relations Senior Manager', 'high-quality, affordable, essential products', 'Investor Relations team', 'Press Relations contact', 'Chief Executive Officer', '2022 Universal Registration Document', 'current exceptional situation', 'level free shares', 'specific climate-related objective', 'average exchange rate', 'CAC Mid 60 indexes', 'A- Leadership score', 'Isabelle de Segonzac', 'Annual General Meeting', 'French Commercial Code', 'other individual objectives', 'total direct remuneration', 'average salary increase', 'BIC Net Sales', '1st Half 2023 Results', 'annual fixed remuneration', '2023 annual variable remuneration', 'variable remuneration criteria', 'BIC products', 'AFEP-MEDEF Code', 'team members', '1st Quarter', 'performance criteria', 'fixed element', 'IMMEDIATE RELEASE', 'Corporate Officers', 'Corporate Governance', 'listed companies', 'Nikos Koumettis', 'fiscal year', 'John Glen', 'Gonzalve Bich', 'United States', 'positive vote', 'everyday Life', 'unwavering dedication', 'recognized brands', 'iconic brands', 'Euronext Paris', 'sustainable development', 'post market', '2nd Quarter', '3rd Quarter', 'Remuneration Committee', 'remuneration policy', 'CEO remuneration', '850,000 US dollars', '1,105,500 US dollars', '1,349,205 US dollars', '900,000 US dollars', 'variable part', 'Societe BIC', 'BIC Kids™', 'BIC FlexTM', 'previous years', 'AFEP-MEDEF recommendations', 'world leader', 'The Board', '2022 remuneration', '75 years', 'accordance', 'Clichy', 'France', 'March', 'meetings', 'February', 'presidence', 'Directors', 'May', 'Chair', '125,000 euros', '200,000 euros', '434 euros', 'examination', 'respect', 'target', '300,000 euros', '295 euros', 'inflation', 'line', 'balance', 'financial', 'light', 'December', 'opportunity', 'detail', 'Story', 'provisions', 'articles', 'II', 'L.', 'payment', '1 Amounts', 'ABOUT', 'stationery', 'shavers', 'simplicity', 'joy', 'Company', 'tradition', 'consumers', 'trademark', '160 countries', 'BodyMark', 'BICTM', 'Cello®', 'Djeep', 'Lucky', 'Rocketbook', 'Soleil', 'Tipp', 'Ex®', 'Wite-Out®', 'Inkbox', 'SBF120', 'commitment', 'education', 'CDP', 'LinkedIn', 'Instagram', 'Twitter', 'YouTube', 'CONTACTS', 'bicworld', 'michele', 'Image', '2023 AGENDA', 'DATES', 'April', '9 Months', 'Attachment', '1.']",2023-03-22,2023-03-23,finance.yahoo.com
21118,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/bghl-gbp-nav-063000141.html,BGHL (GBP): NAV(s),BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary Shares The Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for...,"BOUSSARD AND GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED (GBP)BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary SharesThe Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for the Company.Close of business 21 Mar 2023.Estimated NAVEuro Shares Sterling Shares Estimated NAV € 26.7153 £ 23.5696 Estimated MTD return -2.09 % -2.02 % Estimated YTD return -3.80 % -3.51 % Estimated ITD return 167.15 % 135.70 %NAV and returns are calculated net of management and performance feesMarket informationEuro Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close € 21.60 N/A Premium/discount to estimated NAV -19.15 % N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close N/A GBX 1 900.00 Premium/discount to estimated NAV N/A -19.39 %Transactions in own securities purchased into treasuryOrdinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares 850 N/A Average Price € 21.80 N/A Range of Price N/A N/ALiquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/ABGHL CapitalBGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Shares Outstanding 12 296 208 126 294 Held in treasury 850 N/A Shares Issued 12 297 058 126 294Estimated BG Fund NAVClass B Euro Shares (estimated) € 234.6430 Class GBP A Shares (estimated) £ 125.7968The Class B Euro Shares of BG Fund are not subject to investment manager fees  as the Investment Manager receives management fees and performance fees in respect of its role as Investment Manager of BGHL.Story continuesFor further information please contact:Boussard & Gavaudan Investment Management  LLP.Emmanuel Gavaudan +44 (0) 20 3751 5389 Email : info@bgam-uk.comThe Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has received the necessary approval of the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and the States of Guernsey Policy Council. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.This is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Neither the Company nor BG Fund ICAV has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that:all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results;the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; andif you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.Attachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.09,0.18,0.73,True,English,"['BGHL', 'GBP', 'NAV', 'A Liquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares', 'The Class B Euro Shares', 'BGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares', 'GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary Shares', 'Class GBP A Shares', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'A N/A Average Price', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'Sterling Shares Shares', 'Euro Shares Amsterdam', 'US Investment Company Act', 'expert financial advice', 'Guernsey Policy Council', 'collective investment scheme', 'UK Listing Authority', 'other professional advice', 'BG Fund ICAV', 'Gavaudan Investment Management', 'closed-ended investment company', 'US Securities Act', 'investment manager fees', 'BG Fund NAV', '850 N/A Shares', 'The Shares', 'A Premium/discount', 'A Range', 'Dutch Authority', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'N/A GBX', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'US persons', 'Financial Markets', 'The Directors', 'The Company', 'investment performance', 'original investment', 'investment decision', 'performance fees', 'BGHL Capital', 'management fees', 'MTD return', 'YTD return', 'ITD return', 'financieel toezicht', 'Official List', 'applicable law', 'public offering', 'other jurisdiction', 'following information', 'further information', 'information purposes', 'main market', 'United States', 'Market information', 'NAV N', 'necessary approval', 'future results', 'listed securities', 'LSE) Market', 'BOUSSARD', 'business', 'returns', 'AEX', 'Transactions', 'treasury', 'Number', 'respect', 'role', 'Story', 'LLP.', 'Email', 'article', 'conjunction', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', 'mind', 'risk', 'past', 'guarantee', 'doubt', 'contents', 'communication', 'substitute', 'Attachment']",2023-03-22,2023-03-23,finance.yahoo.com
21119,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/cnh-industrial-periodic-report-300-203000889.html,CNH Industrial: Periodic Report on $300 Million Buyback Program. Completion of Second $50 million tranche and launch of Third $50 million tranche,London  March 22  2023 CNH Industrial N.V. (NYSE: CNHI / MI: CNHI) announces that it has completed the second tranche of its $50 million share buyback (the “...,CNH Industrial N.V.London  March 22  2023CNH Industrial N.V. (NYSE: CNHI / MI: CNHI) announces that it has completed the second tranche of its $50 million share buyback (the “Second Tranche”) in the framework of its $300 million common share buyback program with the transaction described in the table below. The transaction  completed on March 13  2023  reported in aggregate  was based on automatic orders placed with the Company’s broker (who made its trading decisions as to the timing of the purchases independently of the Company based on instructions given before the commencement of the Company’s closed period under the applicable regulations). After the purchases announced today and considering those previously executed under the Second Tranche  the total invested amount is approximately €46 863 453.43 ($49 999 997.50) for a total amount of 3 065 368 common shares purchased.Date Number of common shares purchased Average priceper shareexcluding fees Considerationexcluding fees Consideration (**)excluding fees (€) (€) ($) March 13  2023 21 474 14.2349 305 680.24 327 261.27(*) All translations determined from Euro to US Dollar at the exchange rate reported by the European Central Bank on the date of each purchase.On March 14  2023 CNH Industrial has commenced a third tranche of $50 million share buyback (the “Third Tranche”) in the framework of its $300 million share buyback program previously announced on July 29  2022 (the “Program”). The purchases will be executed on Euronext Milan and on multilateral trading facilities (MTFs) in compliance with the Market Abuse Regulation and the terms and conditions of the existing authority granted by the general meeting of shareholders on April 13  2022. In the period  March 15  2023 to March 17  2023 the Company completed the following transactions under the Third Tranche  reported in aggregate  based on orders placed with the Company’s broker:Date Number of common shares purchased Average priceper shareexcluding fees Considerationexcluding fees Consideration (**)excluding fees (€) (€) ($) March 15  2023 280 000 13.5993 3 807 804.00 4 016 852.44 March 16  2023 188 000 13.2587 2 492 635.60 2 640 947.42 March 17  2023 188 000 13.1545 2 473 046.00 2 627 116.77 656 000 - 8 773 485.60 9 284 916.63As of March 17  2023  the Company currently holds 23 474 209 common shares in Treasury.Story continuesDetails of the transactions described in the table above  including the regulated markets where the purchases were made  are available on the Company’s corporate website under the Buyback Programs section at the following address: bit.ly/CNHI_Buyback.CNH Industrial (NYSE: CNHI / MI: CNHI) is a world-class equipment and services company. Driven by its purpose of Breaking New Ground  which centers on Innovation  Sustainability and Productivity  the Company provides the strategic direction  R&D capabilities  and investments that enable the success of its global and regional Brands. Globally  Case IH and New Holland Agriculture supply 360° agriculture applications from machines to implements and the digital technologies that enhance them; and CASE and New Holland Construction Equipment deliver a full lineup of construction products that make the industry more productive. The Company’s regionally focused Brands include: STEYR  for agricultural tractors; Raven  a leader in digital agriculture  precision technology and the development of autonomous systems; Flexi-Coil  specializing in tillage and seeding systems; Miller  manufacturing application equipment; Kongskilde  providing tillage  seeding and hay & forage implements; and Eurocomach  producing a wide range of mini and midi excavators for the construction sector  including electric solutions.Across a history spanning over two centuries  CNH Industrial has always been a pioneer in its sectors and continues to passionately innovate and drive customer efficiency and success. As a truly global company  CNH Industrial’s 37 000+ employees form part of a diverse and inclusive workplace  focused on empowering customers to grow  and build  a better world.For more information and the latest financial and sustainability reports visit: cnhindustrial.comFor news from CNH Industrial and its Brands visit: media.cnhindustrial.comContacts:Media RelationsEmail: mediarelations@cnhind.comInvestor RelationsEmail: investor.relations@cnhind.comAttachment,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.31,0.2,0.49,True,English,"['$300 Million Buyback Program', 'Second $50 million tranche', 'Third $50 million tranche', 'CNH Industrial', 'Periodic Report', 'Completion', 'launch', '$300 million common share buyback program', '$300 million share buyback program', 'CNH Industrial N.V.', 'New Holland Construction Equipment', '$50 million share buyback', 'Buyback Programs section', 'European Central Bank', 'Market Abuse Regulation', 'R&D capabilities', 'manufacturing application equipment', 'New Holland Agriculture', 'multilateral trading facilities', 'world-class equipment', 'New Ground', 'construction products', 'construction sector', '3,065,368 common shares', '23,474,209 common shares', 'trading decisions', '360° agriculture applications', 'digital agriculture', 'second tranche', 'applicable regulations', 'Average price', 'US Dollar', 'exchange rate', 'third tranche', 'Euronext Milan', 'existing authority', 'general meeting', 'regulated markets', 'corporate website', 'following address', 'strategic direction', 'digital technologies', 'full lineup', 'agricultural tractors', 'precision technology', 'autonomous systems', 'wide range', 'midi excavators', 'electric solutions', 'two centuries', 'customer efficiency', '37,000+ employees', 'inclusive workplace', 'latest financial', 'Media Relations', 'regional Brands', 'Brands visit', 'automatic orders', 'closed period', 'following transactions', 'Case IH', 'seeding systems', 'forage implements', 'sustainability reports', 'Investor Relations', 'services company', 'The Company', 'total amount', 'Date Number', 'global company', 'London', 'March', 'NYSE', 'CNHI', 'framework', 'table', 'aggregate', 'broker', 'timing', 'purchases', 'instructions', 'commencement', 'fees', 'Consideration', 'translations', 'July', 'MTFs', 'compliance', 'terms', 'conditions', 'shareholders', 'April', 'Treasury', 'Story', 'Details', 'purpose', 'Innovation', 'Productivity', 'investments', 'success', 'machines', 'industry', 'Raven', 'leader', 'development', 'Flexi-Coil', 'tillage', 'Miller', 'Kongskilde', 'hay', 'Eurocomach', 'mini', 'pioneer', 'sectors', 'part', 'diverse', 'customers', 'information', 'news', 'Contacts', 'Email', 'mediarelations', 'Attachment']",2023-03-22,2023-03-23,finance.yahoo.com
21120,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/atari-enters-agreement-acquire-night-220300554.html,Atari enters into an agreement to acquire Night Dive Studios and announces its intention to proceed with the issuance of €30 M bonds convertible into new Atari shares,Atari enters into an agreement to acquire Night Dive Studios and announces its intention to proceed with the issuance of €30 M bonds convertible into new...,"ATARIAtari enters into an agreement to acquire Night Dive Studios and announces its intention to proceed with the issuance of €30 M bonds convertible into new Atari sharesPARIS  FRANCE (March 22  2023 - 11.00 pm CET) - Atari® (the “Company”) — one of the world's most iconic consumer brands and interactive entertainment producers — announced that it has entered into an agreement to acquire 100% of Night Dive Studios Inc. (“Night Dive”)  a full service game development and publishing company based in Vancouver  Washington  USA.In addition  Atari  SA also announced that it intends to proceed in the near-term with a €30 million bond issue convertible into new shares of Atari (the “Convertible Bonds”) in order to meet with its capital needs in the context of the implementation of its new growth strategy and refinancing of its debt.AGREEMENT SIGNED TO ACQUIRE NIGHT DIVE STUDIOSLed by industry veterans Stephen Kick and Larry Kuperman  Night Dive is a full service development and publishing company with expertise in restoring  optimizing  and publishing classic video games. Night Dive has published over 100 titles and has garnered critical acclaim for their releases of seminal industry and fan-favorite titles including System Shock  Doom 64  and Quake.Night Dive’s most recent project is a remastered version of classic FPS game System Shock  which is one of the most-anticipated retro releases of 2023. System Shock is now available for pre-order on Steam  GOG and Epic Games.A key to the success of Night Dive is their proprietary KEX engine that makes classic games playable on modern hardware and gives the studio the ability to enhance and improve upon the original to meet the expectations of contemporary players. The studio’s reputation and deep industry knowledge have made them a go-to partner for some of the largest names in gaming and media and allowed them to develop a diversified portfolio of titles.For the fiscal year ended December 2022  Night Dive has reported revenue of approximately US$3.0 million1. The founders own 87% of the Company’s shares while Wade Rosen  Chairman and CEO of Atari  owns a minority stake of 13%2.Story continuesWith this acquisition Atari will enrich its large library of owned IP  be able to leverage Night Dive’s proprietary technology  and utilize Night Dive’s publishing capabilities to support Atari’s retro-focused growth strategy.This acquisition has been approved unanimously by the disinterested members of the board of Atari  it being specified that Wade Rosen did not participate to the vote3.Wade Rosen  Chairman and CEO of Atari  commented: “Night Dive’s proven expertise and successful track record in commercializing retro IP is well-aligned with Atari’s strategy and I am confident that their combined talent  technology and IP portfolio will contribute to Atari’s future success.”Stephen Kick and Larry Kuperman  principals of Night Dive commented: “Night Dive and Atari have a long history together and we know that Atari shares our passion for retro games and our focus on producing high-quality new and remastered games that do justice to the original IP. As we look to grow our business and expand our capabilities  we could think of no better long-term partner than Atari.”TERMS AND TIMING OF THE ACQUISITIONThe purchase price of Night Dive will consist of (i) an initial consideration of US$10 million payable half in cash and half in Atari shares at the closing of the acquisition (see below) plus (ii) an earn-out of up to US$10 million  payable in cash over the next three years based on the future performance of Night Dive.It is expected that the acquisition of Night Dive will be completed in April 2023.FINANCING OF THE ACQUISITIONThe initial consideration will be paid half in cash (for US$5 million) and half in newly issued Atari ordinary shares (for US$5 million) 4 . The calculation of the number of Atari shares to be issued will be based on the 20-day volume weighted average price of Atari shares on Euronext Growth prior to the tenth day prior to the closing of the transaction.The new Atari shares will be issued by the Company  represented by the board of directors of Atari  through a contribution in kind (apport en nature) of Night Dive shares to Atari acting pursuant to the 18th resolution of Atari's combined shareholders' meeting held on September 27  2022 (the ""AGM "") and on the basis of the reports of a court-appointed contribution auditor (commissaire aux apports) on the value of the contribution in kind and the fairness of the exchange ratio 5 .The Company and Irata LLC  a holding company controlled by Wade Rosen (“Irata”)  have agreed that Irata intends to provide bridge financing to Atari for the payment of the initial consideration  or $5 million.CONVERTIBLE BONDSThe Company intends to issue €30 million in Convertible Bonds through a public offering in France with a priority subscription period (offre au public avec délai de priorité) for all the shareholders of Atari.A prospectus in relation to the Convertible Bonds offering will be prepared and subject to the AMF approval;The issuance of the Convertible Bonds will occur shortly after the completion of the acquisition;The Convertible Bonds will be issued with a priority subscription period for all shareholders for a period of three trading days (that does not result in the creation of negotiable rights) through a public offering in France (only);The main shareholder of Atari  Irata LLC  holding 29.2% of the share capital of Atari  has indicated that it intends to subscribe its prorata share and to provide a firm underwriting for a number of Convertible Bonds equal to at least to 75% of the total amount of the offering;It is the intent that Irata will undertake contractually and irrevocably vis-à-vis the Company not to convert its Convertible Bonds into Atari shares before at least the 25th of June 2025.The amount raised through the Convertible Bonds will mainly be used to:Reimburse the $5 million bridge financing provided by Irata in the context of the acquisition and finance future potential acquisitions Atari may consider;Continued investment in growth initiatives  notably in the development of more than 12 new games expected to be launched in the next 18 months;General cash requirements and financial flexibility necessary to pursue the transformation plan;Reimburse the shareholder loans granted by Irata6 previously granted in accordance with its support commitment  and accrued interests on these loans.About ATARIAtari is an interactive entertainment company and an iconic gaming industry brand that transcends generations and audiences. The company is globally recognized for its multi-platform  interactive entertainment and licensed products. Atari owns and/or manages a portfolio of more than 200 unique games and franchises  including world-renowned brands like Asteroids®  Centipede®  Missile Command®  Pong®  and RollerCoaster Tycoon®. Atari has offices in New York and Paris. Visit us online at www.atari.com .Atari shares are listed in France on Euronext Growth Paris (ISIN Code FR0010478248  Ticker ALATA).©2023 Atari Interactive  Inc. Atari wordmark and logo are trademarks owned by Atari Interactive  Inc.ContactsAtari - Investor RelationsTel + 33 1 83 64 61 57 - investisseur@atari-sa.com | www.atari.com/news/Calyptus – Marie CalleuxTel + 33 1 53 65 68 68 – atari@calyptus.ne tListing Sponsor- EurolandTel +33 1 44 70 20 84Julia Bridger - jbridger@elcorp.comFORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTSThis press release contains certain non-factual elements  including but not restricted to certain statements concerning its future results and other future events. These statements are based on the current vision and assumptions of Atari’s leadership team. They include various known and unknown uncertainties and risks that could result in material differences in relation to the expected results  profitability and events. In addition  Atari  its shareholders and its respective affiliates  directors  executives  advisors and employees have not checked the accuracy of and make no representations or warranties concerning the statistical or forward-looking information contained in this press release that is taken from or derived from third-party sources or industry publications. If applicable  these statistical data and forward-looking information are used in this press release exclusively for information.DISCLAIMERThe distribution of this press release and the offer and sale of the Convertible Bonds may be restricted by law in certain jurisdictions and persons into whose possession this document or other information referred to herein comes should inform themselves about and observe any such restriction. Any failure to comply with these restrictions may constitute a violation of the securities laws of any such jurisdiction.This press release may not be published  distributed or transmitted in the United States (including its territories and dependencies). This press release does not constitute or form part an offer of securities for sale or any solicitation to purchase or subscribe for securities or any solicitation of sale of securities in the United States. The securities referred to herein have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the “Securities Act”) or the law of any state or other jurisdiction of the United States  and may not be offered or sold in the United States absent registration under the Securities Act or pursuant to an exemption from  or in a transaction not subject to  the registration requirements of the Securities Act. Atari does not intend to register all or any portion of the securities in the United States under the Securities Act or to conduct a public offering of the Securities in the United States.This press release and the information contained herein do not constitute either an offer to sell or purchase  or the solicitation of an offer to sell or purchase  securities of the Company.No communication or information in respect of any securities mentioned in this press release may be distributed to the public in any jurisdiction where registration or approval is required. No steps have been taken or will be taken in any jurisdiction where such steps would be required. The offering or subscription of the Company’s securities may be subject to specific legal or regulatory restrictions in certain jurisdictions.This press release does not  and shall not  in any circumstances  constitute a public offering  a sale offer nor an invitation to the public in connection with any offer of securities. The distribution of this document may be restricted by law in certain jurisdictions. Persons into whose possession this document comes are required to inform themselves about and to observe any such restrictions.A French prospectus comprising (i) the Company’s universal registration document filed with the AMF on July 27  2022 under number D.22-0661  (ii) an amendment to the universal registration document to be filed with the AMF  (iii) a securities note (including the summary) relating to the public offering of convertible bonds and (iii) the summary of the French prospectus will be submitted to the approval by the AMF and will be published on the AMF’s website (www.amf-france.org). As from such filing with the AMF  copies of the prospectus will be available free of charge at the Company’s registered office.This announcement is an advertisement and not a prospectus within the meaning of the Regulation (EU) 2017/1129  as amended (the ""Prospectus Regulation"").With respect to the member states of the European Economic Area other than France  no action has been undertaken or will be undertaken to make an offer to the public of the securities referred to herein requiring a publication of a prospectus in any relevant member state. As a result  the securities may not and will not be offered in any relevant member state except in accordance with the exemptions set forth in Article 1 (4) of the Prospectus Regulation or under any other circumstances which do not require the publication by the Company of a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation and/or to applicable regulations of that relevant member state.The distribution of this press release has not been made  and has not been approved  by an “authorised person” within the meaning of Article 21(1) of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000. As a consequence  this press release is only being distributed to  and is only directed at  persons in the United Kingdom that (i) are “investment professionals” falling within Article 19(5) of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Financial Promotion) Order 2005 (as amended  the “Order”)  (ii) are persons falling within Article 49(2)(a) to (d) (“high net worth companies  unincorporated associations  etc.”) of the Order  or (iii) are persons to whom an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning of Article 21 of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000) in connection with the issue or sale of any securities may otherwise lawfully be communicated or caused to be communicated (all such persons together being referred to as “Relevant Persons”). Any investment or investment activity to which this document relates is available only to Relevant Persons and will be engaged in only with Relevant Persons. Any person who is not a Relevant Person should not act or rely on this document or any of its contents.This announcement may not be published  forwarded or distributed  directly or indirectly  in the United States of America  Canada  Australia  South Africa or Japan.1 Under US GAAP  based on unaudited financial statements of Night Dive Studios Inc.  under further review in the context of usual due diligence2 Held by Wade J. Rosen Revocable Trust  registered under US laws3 As related party in the transaction.4 Subject to customary net debt / working capital adjustment.5 In accordance with article L. 225-147 of the French code de commerce and AMF recommendation DOC-2020-06. The reports of the contribution auditor will be made available on Atari’s website upon issuance by the auditor.6 Equals to around 8 million euros in principal at the date of this press release  and excluding any potential shareholder loans concluded until the issuance of the convertible bondsAttachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.59,0.06,0.35,True,English,"['Night Dive Studios', 'new Atari shares', '€30 M bonds', 'agreement', 'intention', 'issuance', '20-day volume weighted average price', 'classic FPS game System Shock', 'full service game development', 'Night Dive Studios Inc.', 'full service development', 'iconic consumer brands', '€30 million bond issue', 'successful track record', 'next three years', 'priority subscription period', 'classic video games', 'proprietary KEX engine', 'deep industry knowledge', 'retro-focused growth strategy', 'court-appointed contribution auditor', 'new growth strategy', 'anticipated retro releases', 'Convertible Bonds offering', 'Night Dive shares', 'Atari ordinary shares', 'new Atari shares', 'classic games', 'purchase price', 'new shares', 'Euronext Growth', 'high-quality new', 'retro games', 'industry veterans', 'seminal industry', '€30 M bonds', 'Epic Games', 'remastered games', 'retro IP', 'entertainment producers', 'capital needs', 'Stephen Kick', 'Larry Kuperman', 'critical acclaim', 'recent project', 'modern hardware', 'contemporary players', 'largest names', 'diversified portfolio', 'fiscal year', 'minority stake', 'large library', 'proprietary technology', 'disinterested members', 'long history', 'initial consideration', 'future performance', '18th resolution', 'exchange ratio', 'public offering', 'délai', 'IP portfolio', 'publishing company', 'Wade Rosen', 'publishing capabilities', 'proven expertise', 'future success', 'long-term partner', ""shareholders' meeting"", 'holding company', 'bridge financing', 'fan-favorite titles', 'Irata LLC', 'original IP', 'The Company', 'Atari®', '100 titles', 'agreement', 'intention', 'issuance', 'PARIS', 'FRANCE', 'March', 'world', 'interactive', 'Vancouver', 'Washington', 'USA', 'addition', 'near-term', 'order', 'context', 'implementation', 'refinancing', 'debt', 'Doom', 'Quake', 'version', 'pre', 'Steam', 'GOG', 'key', 'ability', 'expectations', 'reputation', 'gaming', 'media', 'December', 'revenue', 'founders', 'Chairman', 'CEO', 'acquisition', 'board', 'vote', 'talent', 'principals', 'passion', 'justice', 'business', 'TERMS', 'TIMING', 'cash', 'half', 'closing', 'earn', 'April', 'calculation', 'number', 'tenth', 'transaction', 'directors', 'kind', 'apport', 'nature', 'September', 'AGM', 'basis', 'reports', 'value', 'fairness', 'payment', 'priorité', 'prospectus', 'relation', '11.00']",2023-03-22,2023-03-23,finance.yahoo.com
21121,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/MERIDIA-RE-IV-SOCIMI-S-124393072/news/Meridia-RE-IV-SOCIMI-U-Pere-IV-Financing-43311039/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230322,Meridia RE IV SOCIMI U : Pere IV Financing,(marketscreener.com)   MERIDIA RE IV  SOCIMI  S.A.U.   640 Diagonal Avenue  Floor 5  Barcelona    www.meridiareivsocimi.com   Barcelona  22 March 2023   Pursuant to Article 17 of Regulation No. 596/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Coun…,"MERIDIA RE IV  SOCIMI  S.A.U.640 Diagonal Avenue  Floor 5  Barcelona (Spain)www.meridiareivsocimi.comBarcelona  22 March 2023Pursuant to Article 17 of Regulation (EU) No. 596/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 16 April 2014 on market abuse (Market Abuse Regulation)  and Article 61004/2 of Euronext Rule Book I  on ongoing obligations of companies listed on Euronext  MERIDIA RE IV  SOCIMI  S.A.U. (""the Company"" or ""MRE-IV"") hereby notifies the following:PRESS RELEASEOn today's date  22 March 2023  the Company's subsidiary Meridia RE IV Proyecto 21  S.L.U. (the ""Subsidiary"") has entered into a loan agreement with Banco Pichincha España  S.A. for a total amount of 10.5 million euros  of which 3.5 million Euros have been disbursed at the time of signing the agreement. The purpose of this loan is (i) to refinance part of the acquisition price of the office building located at Pere IV 86 street of Barcelona acquired by the Subsidiary on 12 January 2023 and its acquisition costs and (ii) to finance the costs and taxes associated to the refurbishment works of such building and other operative costs. The interest rate is tied to Euribor plus a market spread. Such financing matures on 22 March 2036. As part of the security package of this financing  the Subsidiary has granted  among others  a mortgage over the referred asset.We remain at your disposal for any clarifications you may require.Yours faithfully Mr. José Luis Raso FernándezMember of the Board of Directors ofMERIDIA RE IV  SOCIMI  S.A.U.",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,positive,0.89,0.11,0.0,True,English,"['Meridia RE IV SOCIMI U', 'Pere IV Financing', 'Mr. José Luis Raso Fernández', 'Banco Pichincha España', 'Meridia RE IV Proyecto', 'S.A.U.', 'S.L.U.', 'Pere IV 86 street', 'Euronext Rule Book', 'other operative costs', 'Market Abuse Regulation', 'market spread', '640 Diagonal Avenue', 'European Parliament', 'ongoing obligations', 'PRESS RELEASE', 'total amount', '10.5 million euros', '3.5 million Euros', 'acquisition price', 'acquisition costs', 'refurbishment works', 'interest rate', 'security package', 'office building', 'Such financing', 'loan agreement', 'SOCIMI', 'Floor', 'Barcelona', 'Spain', '22 March', 'Article', 'No.', 'Council', '16 April', 'companies', 'Company', 'MRE', 'today', 'date', 'subsidiary', 'time', 'purpose', 'part', '12 January', 'taxes', 'Euribor', 'others', 'mortgage', 'asset', 'disposal', 'clarifications', 'Member', 'Board', 'Directors']",2023-03-22,2023-03-23,marketscreener.com
21122,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/guerbet-2022-annual-results-164600424.html,Guerbet: 2022 annual results,2022 annual results Activity Annual revenue: €753.3 million  up 2.9% (-1.1% at CER1)Steady momentum in Asia and for Interventional Imaging; negative impact...,GUERBET2022 annual resultsActivityAnnual revenue: €753.3 million  up 2.9% (-1.1% at CER 1 )Steady momentum in Asia and for Interventional Imaging; negative impact of production delays at the Raleigh siteProfitability in line with expectationsThe restated EBITDA margin 2 is 13.8%  at the top of the range of 13% to 14% announced last October2023 outlookRevenue: expected growth above 5% on a like-for-like basis and at CER 1 Restated EBITDA margin 3 expected around 11% before returning in 2024 to a level higher than in 2021 (14.4%)Villepinte  March 22  2023: Guerbet (FR0000032526 GBT)  a global specialist in contrast agents and solutions for medical imaging  has published its consolidated financial statements for the 2022 fiscal year. Revenue for the year was €753.3 million  up 2.9% from 2021  including a favorable forex effect of €29.3 million  almost half of which (€14.2 million) was due to the appreciation of the dollar. At constant exchange rates (CER1)  the Group’s activity was down 1.1% over the past year.This change in revenue was the result of:The one-off decrease in production rates at the Raleigh (North Carolina  USA) plants due to recruitment difficulties in the first half of the year and the time necessary to train new hires Adaptation of the production lines to prioritize manufacturing of EluciremTM  which received its market authorization from the FDA on September 21  authorization obtained via the “fast track” process. This strategic decision mainly affected the production of Optiray® and pre-filled syringes references and related sales in many markets worldwide.1 Constant exchange rates (CER): the exchange rate impact was eliminated by recalculating sales for the period on the basis of the exchange rates used for the previous fiscal year.2 Excluding extraordinary costs relating to optimization of the operational structure and changes in the sales model in China and excluding compensation received in connection with the termination of the contract with Merative.Story continues3 Excluding extraordinary costs relating to optimization of the operational structure and changes in the sales model.In the Americas in particular  the decrease in annual revenue (-7.5% at CER) was entirely due to the contraction in volumes attributable to production delays in Raleigh.In the EMEA region  activity was down -1.9% at CER last year in connection with the regulatory price reductions in France and the shutdown of the commercial activity in Turkey in November 2022.In Asia  the very strong growth (+8.5% at CER) was driven by the acceleration of sales in China (+45.6%)  a market that fully benefited from the direct distribution model rolled out starting in the second quarter.By activity  the change in annual revenue in Diagnostic Imaging (-2.2% at CER) resulted from:For MRI   an increase in sales (+1.7% at CER) due to higher volumes and against a backdrop of negligible price erosion  despite the arrival of generic Dotarem® in the United States.For X-ray  an annual decline (-4.4% at CER) due to lower volumes of Optiray®  while sales of Xenetix® remained strong throughout the year.In Interventional Imaging  the momentum also remained very positive in 2022 (+8.1% at CER) thanks to Lipiodol® sales  which accelerated steadily from the second quarter.In millions of eurosConsolidated financial statements (IFRS) 2021Reported 2022Reported Revenue 732.1 753.3 EBITDA * 105.1 103.1 % of revenue 14.4% 13.7% Operating income 38.7 (18.2) % of revenue 5.3% NS Net income 32.6 (41.1) % of revenue 4.5% NS Net debt 217.8 270.4* EBITDA = Operating income + net amortization  depreciation and provisions.Note: The audit procedures on the consolidated financial statements have been completed. The certification report is being issued.Good EBITDA margin performance in the face of inflationIn 2022  Guerbet managed to preserve its operational profitability by demonstrating great financial discipline to compensate for the impact of high inflation on certain costs. These efforts to control costs  reflected in particular in a contained rise in staff costs (+3.4%) despite wage tensions in the United States  limited the decline in the EBITDA margin. Its reported rate was 13.7% of revenue in 2022  compared with 14.4% in the previous year. In line with the 13% to 14% range announced last October  the restated EBITDA margin rate was 13.8%. This aggregation excludes extraordinary costs relating to the optimization of the operational structure and changes in the sales model in China as well as compensation (€4 million) received in connection with the termination of the contract with Merative (formerly IBM Watson) last November.Significant asset impairments in connection with new strategic prioritiesAs of December 31  2022  the Group’s operating result was negative at -€18.2 million  a change entirely due to items with no impact on cash flow. As announced in February  and in connection with the new strategic priorities unveiled at the beginning of the year for Interventional Imaging and Artificial Intelligence  Guerbet recognized significant asset impairments in 2022 relating to Accurate Medical Therapeutics  Occlugel and to software developed with IBM Watson. Impairments on these three assets totaled €58.8 million.The Group’s net income amounted to -€41.1 million for the year after accounting for financial expenses and stable forex losses. The tax expense was €12.7 million after the Group accounted for €4.5 million in items indicated in a notice from the tax authorities. After examining the tax risks of all its subsidiaries  the Group recorded an additional tax expense of €4.4 million under IFRIC 23.Solid financial structure despite increased inventories; dividend of €0.50 per shareAs of December 31  2022  equity totaled €380 million  compared with €405 million one year earlier. At the same time  net debt increased from €218 million to €270 million  mainly because of the increase in WCR  fueled by higher inventories. This increase resulted from inflationary pressures as well as the establishment of both precautionary stocks on critical materials and stocks of EluciremTM.For the 2022 fiscal year  the Board of Directors will propose a dividend of €0.50 per share to the shareholders at the General Meeting on May 26  2023.2023: acceleration of activity but operational profitability impacted by inflationSince the beginning of the year  Guerbet has been confident in its ability to grow its revenue in an improving contrast media market  with structural growth in volumes accompanied by positive price effects for the first time in many years. The Group is able to address this promising market with an innovative range of solutions meeting the needs of healthcare professionals as closely as possible. As announced in January  Guerbet intends to mobilize its teams around three main priorities in 2023:Stronger positions in Diagnostic Imaging   where the year will be marked by the commercial launch of Elucirem TM   a new product bringing a major innovation to complement the MRI offering. The ramp-up is expected by 2024  with a launch already effective in the United States  while in Europe the marketing authorization is expected in the second half of the year.Refocusing of the Interventional Imaging activity on Lipiodol ®   with an emphasis on the commercial development of current innovative indications and an acceleration of R&D efforts to develop new applications and indications for this product.Acceleration of the Artificial Intelligence roadmap  where the Group  after having regained full strategic latitude following the termination of its collaboration with Merative (formerly IBM Watson)  confirmed its ambitions by acquiring a stake in Intrasense. Licensing agreements are expected to materialize in the first half of the year with the company  whose medical imaging software is highly complementary to Guerbet’s asset portfolio.Although Guerbet has identified numerous business opportunities in growing markets  it continues to face a demanding environment marked by persistent pressure on supply costs  specifically in Iodine. Certain inflationary effects  with little impact in 2022  will have a significant negative effect on the Group’s margins in 2023.In this context  Guerbet confirms that it anticipates revenue growth of more than 5% on a like-for-like basis and at CER for 2023. The Group expects stronger growth in the second half of the year than in the first  especially with the industrial activity being brought back up to the required level standard in Raleigh and the gradual ramp-up of EluciremTM. In terms of profitability  the restated EBITDA/revenue margin rate3 is expected to be around 11% before returning in 2024 to a level higher than in 2021 (14.4%).3 Excluding extraordinary costs relating to optimization of the operational structure and changes in the sales model.About GuerbetAt Guerbet  we build lasting relationships so that we enable people to live better. That is our purpose. We are a leader in medical imaging worldwide  offering a comprehensive range of pharmaceutical products  medical devices  and digital and AI solutions for diagnostic and interventional imaging. A pioneer in contrast media for 95 years  with more than 2 600 employees worldwide  we continuously innovate and devote 10% of our sales to research and development in four centers in France  Israel  and the United States. Guerbet (GBT) is listed on Euronext Paris (segment B – mid caps) and generated €753 million in revenue in 2022.Forward-looking statementsThis press release may contain forward-looking statements based on assumptions and forecasts by the Guerbet Group’s management. Various known and unknown risks  uncertainties  and other factors could lead to marked differences between the Group’s future results  financial situation  development  and performances and the estimates presented in these forward-looking statements. These factors include those mentioned in Guerbet’s public documents  available on its website www.guerbet.com. The Group assumes no obligation to update or revise the forward-looking statements in this press release to reflect future events or developments.ContactsGuerbet ActifinJérôme EstampesChief Financial Officer+33 (0)1 45 91 50 00Claire LauvernierCommunications Director+33 (0)6 79 52 11 88Financial CommunicationsMarianne Py+33 (0)1 80 48 25 31mpy@actifin.frPressMathias Jordan+33 (0)1 56 88 11 26mjordan@actifin.frAttachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.37,0.12,0.52,True,English,"['2022 annual results', 'Guerbet', 'euros Consolidated financial statements', 'Good EBITDA margin performance', 'great financial discipline', 'favorable forex effect', 'fast track” process', 'regulatory price reductions', 'negligible price erosion', 'Significant asset impairments', 'new strategic priorities', 'constant exchange rates', 'direct distribution model', 'EBITDA margin rate', 'exchange rate impact', '2022 annual results Activity', 'NS Net income', 'previous fiscal year', 'new hires', 'strategic decision', 'Operating income', 'Net debt', 'net amortization', 'production rates', '2022 fiscal year', 'previous year', 'Interventional Imaging', 'global specialist', 'contrast agents', 'medical imaging', 'North Carolina', 'recruitment difficulties', 'syringes references', 'many markets', 'operational structure', 'EMEA region', 'second quarter', 'Diagnostic Imaging', 'generic Dotarem®', 'United States', 'audit procedures', 'certification report', 'wage tensions', 'IBM Watson', 'cash flow', 'sales model', 'production delays', 'production lines', 'negative impact', 'annual decline', 'past year', 'extraordinary costs', 'last year', 'higher volumes', 'lower volumes', 'staff costs', 'commercial activity', 'related sales', 'Lipiodol® sales', 'Steady momentum', 'one-off decrease', 'first half', 'strong growth', 'operational profitability', 'high inflation', '13% to 14% range', 'operating result', 'Annual revenue', 'Raleigh site', 'market authorization', 'GUERBET', 'Asia', 'expectations', 'top', '2023 outlook', 'basis', 'level', 'Villepinte', 'GBT', 'solutions', 'appreciation', 'dollar', 'Group', 'USA', 'plants', 'time', 'Adaptation', 'manufacturing', 'EluciremTM', 'FDA', 'September', 'Optiray®', 'period', 'optimization', 'changes', 'China', 'compensation', 'connection', 'termination', 'contract', 'Merative', 'Story', 'Americas', 'France', 'shutdown', 'Turkey', 'November', 'acceleration', 'MRI', 'increase', 'backdrop', 'arrival', 'X-ray', 'Xenetix®', 'millions', 'IFRS', 'depreciation', 'provisions', 'Note', 'face', 'efforts', 'rise', 'aggregation', 'December', 'items', 'February', 'beginning', '2021']",2023-03-22,2023-03-23,finance.yahoo.com
21123,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/TECHNOPROBE-S-P-A-133432182/news/Technoprobe-investigates-move-to-main-market-in-the-Piazza-Affari-43313721/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230322,Technoprobe investigates move to main market in the Piazza Affari,(marketscreener.com) Technoprobe Spa has announced that its board has approved plans to switch its shares to the main market of Piazza Affari from Euronext Growth Milan. In addition  the company's board of directors will expand to seven members from five  ado…,(Alliance News) - Technoprobe Spa has announced that its board has approved plans to switch its shares to the main market of Piazza Affari from Euronext Growth Milan.In addition  the company's board of directors will expand to seven members from five  adopt new bylaws  and revise the compensation for the board of statutory auditors in the event of a move to the main market of Borsa Italiana.The listing agent chosen by Technoprobe is Mediobanca Spa.Technoprobe on Wednesday closed 0.5 percent in the red at EUR6.29 per share.By Giuseppe Fabio Ciccomascolo  Alliance News senior reporterComments and questions to redazione@alliancenews.comCopyright 2023 Alliance News IS Italian Service Ltd. All rights reserved.,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,True,English,"['main market', 'Piazza Affari', 'Technoprobe', 'move', 'Alliance News IS Italian Service Ltd', 'Alliance News senior reporter', 'Euronext Growth Milan', 'Giuseppe Fabio Ciccomascolo', 'main market', 'Piazza Affari', 'seven members', 'new bylaws', 'statutory auditors', 'Borsa Italiana', 'listing agent', 'Mediobanca Spa', 'Technoprobe Spa', 'board', 'plans', 'shares', 'addition', 'company', 'directors', 'compensation', 'event', 'move', 'Wednesday', 'red', 'Comments', 'questions', 'Copyright', 'rights']",2023-03-22,2023-03-23,marketscreener.com
21124,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/nyxoah-reports-fourth-quarter-full-200500499.html,Nyxoah Reports Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2022 Financial and Operating Results,REGULATED INFORMATION Nyxoah Reports Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2022 Financial and Operating ResultsCompleted all 115 implants in the DREAM U.S. pivotal...,NyxoahREGULATED INFORMATIONNyxoah Reports Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2022 Financial and Operating ResultsCompleted all 115 implants in the DREAM U.S. pivotal studyMont-Saint-Guibert  Belgium – March 22  2023 09:05pm CET / 4:05pm ET – Nyxoah SA (Euronext Brussels/Nasdaq: NYXH) (“Nyxoah” or the “Company”)  a medical technology company focused on the development and commercialization of innovative solutions to treat Obstructive Sleep Apnea (OSA)  today reported financial and operating results for the fourth quarter and full year 2022.Recent Financial and Operating HighlightsCompleted all 115 implants in the DREAM U.S. pivotal trial  with 12-month data expected early next year.Filed the first module in the modular PMA submission.Submitted 12-month data 1 on the first 34 DREAM patients as a late-breaking abstract to SLEEP 2023 demonstrating a 65% AHI responder rate  a 76% ODI responder rate and safety in-line with expectations. These data are preliminary and not conclusive of final DREAM success.Achieved quarterly sales of €1.3 million resulting in a sequential German market share gain.Ended the year with 38 active German accounts  up from 12 entering 2022.Strengthened supply chain with Belgium manufacturing facility receiving clearance from the EU notified body.Implanted the first patients in the ACCCESS U.S. IDE pivotal study to treat complete concentric collapse (CCC). Implant completion expected in 2024.Total cash position of €94.8 million at the end of 2022.2023 Key ObjectivesFocus on patient follow up in the DREAM study resulting in reaching the primary endpoints.U.S. regulatory  manufacturing and market access readiness.Drive further revenue and market share growth in Germany.“With all 115 implants completed in the DREAM study and our first PMA module submitted  we achieved key milestones towards U.S. FDA approval. Our attention now focuses on patient follow up. With the clearance of our second manufacturing site  we have strengthened our supply chain to meet increasing demand ” commented Olivier Taelman  Nyxoah Chief Executive Officer.Story continuesMr. Taelman continued  “Commercially in Europe  we are excited to see the continued demand growth for Genio in Germany. Our growing experience with CCC patients in Europe  driven by our expanded label  reinforces our confidence in our ongoing U.S. ACCCESS study.”Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2022 ResultsUNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL INFORMATION – CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF LOSS AND OTHER COMPREHENSIVE LOSS FOR THE THREE MONTHS AND YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31  2022 AND DECEMBER 31  2021 (in thousands)For the three months ended December 31  For the year ended December 31  2022 2021 2022 2021 Revenue €1 307 €295 €3 084 €852 Cost of goods sold (465) (105) (1 150) (303) Gross profit €842 €190 €1 934 €549 Research and Development Expense (4 575) (3 335) (15 861) (12 344) Selling  General and Administrative Expense (5 363) (3 937) (18 855) (14 712) Other income/(expense) 46 539 283 265 Operating loss for the period €(9 050) €(6 543) €(32 499) €(26 242) Financial income (4 609) 3 603 6 763 3 675 Financial expense 1 153 (588) (4 320) (2 072) Loss for the period before taxes €(12 506) €(3 528) €(30 056) €(24 639) Income taxes (790) (2 720) (1 169) (2 980) Loss for the period €(13 296) €(6 248) €(31 225) €(27 619) Loss attributable to equity holders €(13 296) €(6 248) €(31 225) €(27 619) Other comprehensive income/(loss) Items that may not be subsequently reclassified to profit or loss (net of tax) Remeasurements of post-employment benefit obligations  net of tax 70 (68) 70 (68) Items that may be subsequently reclassified to profit or loss (net of tax) Currency translation differences (82) (17) (96) 121 Total other comprehensive income/(loss) €(12) €(85) €(26) €53 Total comprehensive loss for the year  net of tax €(13 308) €(6 333) € (31 251) €(27 566) Loss attributable to equity holders €(13 308) €(6 333) € (31 251) € (27 566) Basic loss per share (in EUR) €(514) €(238) €(1 209) €(1 161) Diluted loss per share (in EUR) €(514) €(238) €(1 209) €(1 161)UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL INFORMATION – CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION AS OF DECEMBER 31  2022 ANDDECEMBER 31  2021 (in thousands)As of December 31  2022 2021 ASSETS Non-current assets Property  plant and equipment €2 460 €2 020 Intangible assets 39 972 25 322 Right of use assets 3 159 3 218 Deferred tax asset 47 46 Other long-term receivables 173 164 €45 811 €30 770 Current assets Inventory 882 346 Trade receivables 1 463 226 Other receivables 1 775 2 286 Other current assets 1 284 1 693 Financial assets 76 968 − Cash and cash equivalents 17 888 135 509 €100 260 €140 060 Total assets €146 071 €170 830 EQUITY AND LIABILITIES Capital and reserves Capital 4 440 4 427 Share premium 228 275 228 033 Share based payment reserve 5 645 3 127 Other comprehensive income 176 202 Retained loss (118 212) (87 167) Total equity attributable to shareholders €120 324 €148 622 LIABILITIES Non-current liabilities Financial debt 8 189 7 802 Lease liability 2 586 2 737 Pension liability − 80 Provisions 59 12 Deferred tax liability − 5 €10 834 €10 636 Current liabilities Financial debt 388 554 Lease liability 719 582 Trade payables 4 985 3 995 Current tax liability 3 654 2 808 Other payables 5 167 3 633 €14 913 €11 572 Total liabilities €25 747 €22 208 Total equity and liabilities €146 071 €170 830RevenueRevenue was €1.3 million for the fourth quarter ending December 31  2022  compared to €295 000 for the fourth quarter ending December 31  2021. Revenue for the full year of 2022 was €3.1 million  compared to €0.9 million for the full year of 2021. The increase in revenue was attributable to the Company’s commercialization of the Genio® system  primarily in Germany.Cost of Goods SoldCost of goods sold was €465 000 for the three months ending December 31  2022  representing a gross profit of €0.8 million  or gross margin of 64.4%. This compares to total cost of goods sold of €105 000 in the fourth quarter of 2021  for a gross profit of €190 000  or gross margin of 64.4%.For the full year ending December 31  2022  total cost of goods sold was €1.2 million  representing a gross profit of €1 million  or gross margin of 62.7%. This compares to total cost of goods sold of €303 000 for the full year of 2021  for a gross profit of €0.5 million or gross margin of 64.4%.Research and Development ExpensesResearch and development expenses were €4.6 million for the three months ending December 31  2022  versus €3.3 million for the prior year period  reflecting the Company’s investments in the development of next generation versions of the Genio® system as well as ongoing clinical studies  most notably DREAM in the U.S.For the full year ending December 31  2022  research and development expenses were €15.9 million  versus €12.3 million for the full year of 2021.Selling  General and Administrative ExpensesSelling  general and administrative expenses rose to €5.4 million for the fourth quarter of 2022  up from €3.9 million in the fourth quarter of 2021. This was due primarily to increased commercial efforts in Germany and other European markets  as well as investments in Nyxoah’s corporate infrastructure. The Company expects to continue adding headcount across the organization ahead of the U.S. commercial launch.For the full year ending December 31  2022  selling  general and administrative expenses were €18.9 million  up from €14.7 million for the full year 2021 due to increased commercial efforts in Germany and investments in Nyxoah’s corporate infrastructure.Operating LossTotal operating loss for the fourth quarter and full year 2022 was €9.1 million and €32.5 million  respectively  versus €6.5 million and €26.2 million in the fourth quarter and full year 2021  respectively. This was driven by the acceleration in the Company’s R&D spending  as well as ongoing commercial and clinical activities.Cash PositionAs of December 31  2022  cash and financial assets totaled €95 million  compared to €135.5 million on December 31  2021. Total cash burn was approximately €3.4 million per month during 2022.Full year report 2022Nyxoah’s financial report for the full year of 2022  including details of the audited consolidated results  are available on the investor page of Nyxoah’s website (https://investors.nyxoah.com/financials).Conference call and webcast presentationNyxoah will conduct a conference call open to the public today at 10:30pm CET / 4:30pm ET  which will also be webcast. To participate in the conference call  please access the following link to register for a dial-in number: https://register.vevent.com/register/BI84592a0d5f1d4395a204ebca89873f13A question-and-answer session will follow the presentation of the results. To access the live webcast  go to https://investors.nyxoah.com/events. The archived webcast will be available for replay shortly after the close of the call.About NyxoahNyxoah is a medical technology company focused on the development and commercialization of innovative solutions to treat Obstructive Sleep Apnea (OSA). Nyxoah’s lead solution is the Genio® system  a patient-centered  leadless and battery-free hypoglossal neurostimulation therapy for OSA  the world’s most common sleep disordered breathing condition that is associated with increased mortality risk and cardiovascular comorbidities. Nyxoah is driven by the vision that OSA patients should enjoy restful nights and feel enabled to live their life to its fullest.Following the successful completion of the BLAST OSA study  the Genio® system received its European CE Mark in 2019. Nyxoah completed two successful IPOs: on Euronext Brussels in September 2020 and NASDAQ in July 2021. Following the positive outcomes of the BETTER SLEEP study  Nyxoah received CE mark approval for the expansion of its therapeutic indications to Complete Concentric Collapse (CCC) patients  currently contraindicated in competitors’ therapy. Additionally  the Company is currently conducting the DREAM IDE pivotal study for FDA and US commercialization approval.For more information  please visit http://www.nyxoah.com/.Caution – CE marked since 2019. Investigational device in the United States. Limited by U.S. federal law to investigational use in the United States.Forward-looking statementsCertain statements  beliefs and opinions in this press release are forward-looking  which reflect the Company's or  as appropriate  the Company directors' or managements' current expectations regarding the Genio® system; planned and ongoing clinical studies of the Genio® system; the potential advantages of the Genio® system; Nyxoah’s goals with respect to the development  regulatory pathway and potential use of the Genio® system; the utility of clinical data in potentially obtaining FDA approval of the Genio® system; and the Company's results of operations  financial condition  liquidity  performance  prospects  growth and strategies. By their nature  forward-looking statements involve a number of risks  uncertainties  assumptions and other factors that could cause actual results or events to differ materially from those expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. These risks  uncertainties  assumptions and factors could adversely affect the outcome and financial effects of the plans and events described herein. Additionally  these risks and uncertainties include  but are not limited to  the risks and uncertainties set forth in the “Risk Factors” section of the Company’s Annual Report on Form 20-F for the year ended December 31  2021  filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”) on March 24  2022  and subsequent reports that the Company files with the SEC. A multitude of factors including  but not limited to  changes in demand  competition and technology  can cause actual events  performance or results to differ significantly from any anticipated development. Forward looking statements contained in this press release regarding past trends or activities are not guarantees of future performance and should not be taken as a representation that such trends or activities will continue in the future. In addition  even if actual results or developments are consistent with the forward-looking statements contained in this press release  those results or developments may not be indicative of results or developments in future periods. No representations and warranties are made as to the accuracy or fairness of such forward-looking statements. As a result  the Company expressly disclaims any obligation or undertaking to release any updates or revisions to any forward-looking statements in this press release as a result of any change in expectations or any change in events  conditions  assumptions or circumstances on which these forward-looking statements are based  except if specifically required to do so by law or regulation. Neither the Company nor its advisers or representatives nor any of its subsidiary undertakings or any such person's officers or employees guarantees that the assumptions underlying such forward-looking statements are free from errors nor does either accept any responsibility for the future accuracy of the forward-looking statements contained in this press release or the actual occurrence of the forecasted developments. You should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements  which speak only as of the date of this press release.Contacts:NyxoahDavid DeMartino  Chief Strategy Officerdavid.demartino@nyxoah.com+1 310 310 13131 For the trial to be successful  of the 115 patients  at least 63% of patients need to be AHI and ODI responders at the 12-month follow-up.Attachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.47,0.25,0.29,True,English,"['Fourth Quarter', 'Full Year', 'Operating Results', 'Nyxoah', '2022 Financial', 'ACCCESS U.S. IDE pivotal study', 'ongoing U.S. ACCCESS study', 'DREAM U.S. pivotal trial', 'DREAM U.S. pivotal study', 'sequential German market share gain', 'UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL INFORMATION', 'U.S. FDA approval', 'Share based payment reserve', 'Nyxoah Chief Executive Officer', 'Total other comprehensive income', '38 active German accounts', 'market access readiness', 'final DREAM success', 'market share growth', 'modular PMA submission', '65% AHI responder rate', '76% ODI responder rate', 'complete concentric collapse', 'post-employment benefit obligations', 'Currency translation differences', 'continued demand growth', 'second manufacturing site', 'Other long-term receivables', 'first 34 DREAM patients', 'medical technology company', 'Obstructive Sleep Apnea', 'first PMA module', 'LIABILITIES Non-current liabilities', 'OTHER COMPREHENSIVE LOSS', 'Total comprehensive loss', 'Deferred tax asset', 'Other current assets', 'Belgium manufacturing facility', 'DREAM study', 'Total cash position', 'Full Year 2022 Results', 'REGULATED INFORMATION', 'Other income', 'CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS', 'Other receivables', 'Financial income', 'first module', 'FINANCIAL POSITION', 'first patients', 'Total assets', '4,427 Share premium', 'Total equity', 'increasing demand', 'Non-current assets', 'Recent Financial', 'Financial expense', 'Financial assets', 'Financial debt', 'Operating Results', 'Trade receivables', 'Income taxes', 'LIABILITIES Capital', 'Fourth Quarter', 'Euronext Brussels/Nasdaq', 'innovative solutions', 'Operating Highlights', 'breaking abstract', 'quarterly sales', 'supply chain', 'Implant completion', '2023 Key Objectives', 'primary endpoints', 'key milestones', 'Olivier Taelman', 'Mr. Taelman', 'growing experience', 'expanded label', 'THREE MONTHS', 'Administrative Expense', 'Intangible assets', 'use assets', 'cash equivalents', 'Lease liability', 'CCC patients', 'Nyxoah SA', 'equity holders', '12-month data', 'patient follow', 'Development Expense', 'Operating loss', 'Basic loss', 'Gross profit', '115 implants', 'Mont-Saint-Guibert', 'March', '05pm', 'NYXH', 'commercialization', 'OSA', 'safety', 'expectations', 'clearance', 'body', 'revenue', 'Germany', 'attention', 'Story', 'Europe', 'Genio', 'confidence', 'YEARS', 'DECEMBER', 'thousands', 'Cost', 'goods', 'Research', 'General', 'period', 'Items', 'Remeasurements', 'Property', 'equipment', 'Right', 'Inventory', 'reserves', 'shareholders']",2023-03-22,2023-03-23,finance.yahoo.com
21125,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/03/22/2631955/0/en/Transparency-Declaration-Notification.html,Transparency Declaration Notification,In accordance with the requirements of Article 14 of the Belgian Law of May 2  2007 on the disclosure of significant shareholdings in listed companies  Ontex Group NV (“Ontex”) discloses the notification of significant shareholdings that it has received on Ma…,English DutchIn accordance with the requirements of Article 14 of the Belgian Law of May 2  2007 on the disclosure of significant shareholdings in listed companies  Ontex Group NV (“Ontex”) discloses the notification of significant shareholdings that it has received on March 20  2023.On March 15  2023  the Groupe Bruxelles Lambert SA detained 16 454 453 Ontex voting securities or voting rights  representing 19.98% of voting securities  unchanged versus the latest declared position dating from April 20  2021.EnquiriesInvestors Geoffroy Raskin +32 53 33 37 30 investor.relations@ontexglobal.comGeoffroy Raskin +32 53 33 37 30 Media Maarten Verbanck +32 53 33 36 20 corporate.communications@ontexglobal.comAbout OntexOntex is a leading international provider of personal hygiene solutions  with expertise in baby care  feminine care and adult care. Ontex’s innovative products are distributed in more than 110 countries through leading retailer brands  lifestyle brands and Ontex brands. Employing some 9 000 people all over the world  Ontex has a presence in 20 countries  with its headquarters in Aalst  Belgium. Ontex is listed on Euronext Brussels and is part of the Bel Mid®. To keep up with the latest news  visit ontex.com or follow Ontex on LinkedIn   Facebook   Instagram and YouTube .Attachment,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.01,True,English,"['Transparency Declaration Notification', 'Groupe Bruxelles Lambert SA', 'Media Maarten Verbanck', 'leading international provider', 'personal hygiene solutions', 'leading retailer brands', 'Ontex Group NV', 'Ontex voting securities', 'voting rights', 'lifestyle brands', 'English Dutch', 'Belgian Law', 'significant shareholdings', 'listed companies', 'Geoffroy Raskin', 'baby care', 'feminine care', 'adult care', 'innovative products', 'Euronext Brussels', 'Bel Mid®', 'Ontex brands', 'ontex.com', 'latest news', 'accordance', 'requirements', 'Article', 'May', 'disclosure', 'notification', 'March', 'position', 'April', 'Enquiries', 'Investors', 'expertise', '110 countries', '9,000 people', 'world', 'presence', '20 countries', 'headquarters', 'Aalst', 'Belgium', 'part', 'LinkedIn', 'Facebook', 'Instagram', 'YouTube', 'Attachment']",2023-03-22,2023-03-23,globenewswire.com
21126,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/ONTEX-GROUP-NV-16751532/news/Transparency-Declaration-Notification-43306163/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230322,Transparency Declaration Notification,(marketscreener.com) In accordance with the requirements of Article 14 of the Belgian Law of May 2  2007 on the disclosure of significant shareholdings in listed companies  Ontex Group NV discloses the notification of significant shareholdings that it has rec…,In accordance with the requirements of Article 14 of the Belgian Law of May 2  2007 on the disclosure of significant shareholdings in listed companies  Ontex Group NV (“Ontex”) discloses the notification of significant shareholdings that it has received on March 20  2023.On March 15  2023  the Groupe Bruxelles Lambert SA detained 16 454 453 Ontex voting securities or voting rights  representing 19.98% of voting securities  unchanged versus the latest declared position dating from April 20  2021.EnquiriesInvestors Geoffroy Raskin +32 53 33 37 30 investor.relations@ontexglobal.comGeoffroy Raskin +32 53 33 37 30 Media Maarten Verbanck +32 53 33 36 20 corporate.communications@ontexglobal.comAbout OntexOntex is a leading international provider of personal hygiene solutions  with expertise in baby care  feminine care and adult care. Ontex’s innovative products are distributed in more than 110 countries through leading retailer brands  lifestyle brands and Ontex brands. Employing some 9 000 people all over the world  Ontex has a presence in 20 countries  with its headquarters in Aalst  Belgium. Ontex is listed on Euronext Brussels and is part of the Bel Mid®. To keep up with the latest news  visit ontex.com or follow Ontex on LinkedIn   Facebook   Instagram and YouTube .Attachment,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['Transparency Declaration Notification', 'Groupe Bruxelles Lambert SA', 'Media Maarten Verbanck', 'leading international provider', 'personal hygiene solutions', 'leading retailer brands', 'Ontex Group NV', 'Ontex voting securities', 'voting rights', 'lifestyle brands', 'Belgian Law', 'significant shareholdings', 'listed companies', 'Geoffroy Raskin', 'baby care', 'feminine care', 'adult care', 'innovative products', 'Euronext Brussels', 'Bel Mid®', 'Ontex brands', 'ontex.com', 'latest news', 'accordance', 'requirements', 'Article', 'May', 'disclosure', 'notification', 'March', 'position', 'April', 'Enquiries', 'Investors', 'expertise', '110 countries', '9,000 people', 'world', 'presence', '20 countries', 'headquarters', 'Aalst', 'Belgium', 'part', 'LinkedIn', 'Facebook', 'Instagram', 'YouTube', 'Attachment']",2023-03-22,2023-03-23,marketscreener.com
21127,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/03/22/2631938/0/en/SMCP-Elina-Kousourna-is-appointed-CEO-of-Maje.html,SMCP - Elina Kousourna is appointed CEO of Maje,Press release - Paris  March 22th  2023                       Elina Kousourna appointed as CEO of Maje    SMCP group  parent company of the Sandro ...,"English FrenchPress release - Paris  March 22th  2023Elina Kousourna appointed as CEO of MajeSMCP group  parent company of the Sandro  Maje  Claudie Pierlot and Fursac brands  is pleased to announce that Elina Kousourna has been appointed as CEO of Maje  effective April 17th  2023. She will remain a member of SMCP group’s Executive Committee and will keep supporting Fursac teams  until the arrival of a new CEO for the brand.Isabelle Guichot  CEO of SMCP  said: ""I am very pleased to announce Elina’s appointment as CEO of Maje  a brand I know well for having managed it myself. This announcement is particularly important for me as it illustrates a strong value of our Group: promoting talents and internal mobility. Since 2015  Elina has been a key player in the Group's growth  impacting our strategy and development  as well as managing a brand in complete renewal like Fursac. It was therefore natural that Judith Milgrom [editor's note: Founder and Artistic Director of Maje] and I chose Elina to continue the expansion and influence of Maje  while respecting its so singular and feminine DNA. Elina has the talent and the proper vision to lead the House and continue to work towards achieving our priorities which are desirability  responsible development  and customer satisfaction.”Elina Kousourna is taking over as CEO of Maje after more than three years as Head of Fursac brand  which  under her leadership  and that of its Creative Director  Gauthier Borsarello  has accelerated its growth in France and Europe by following an ambitious strategy and a clear roadmap  around collections that celebrate its tailoring know-how while opening up to more casual styles. The brand has also changed its name and entered the official Fashion Week calendar in 2022  thus confirming a substantial change in scale. Before joining Fursac in 2019  Elina spent four years as Head of Strategy and Development at SMCP. During this time  she was also involved in SMCP’s IPO on Euronext Paris in 2017 and helped accelerate the Group’s international development. Prior to joining the Group  Elina Kousourna was a Principal at the consulting firm Boston Consulting Group where she worked for nearly seven years in the Consumer & Retail team. She began her career at L'Oréal in Greece. Elina  39  is a graduate of Athens University of Economics and holds an MBA from INSEAD.Elina Kousourna  CEO of Maje  said: “I am delighted to be joining Maje at a pivotal moment in its history and to work alongside an inspirational woman like Judith. Maje is celebrating its 25th anniversary  the right moment for the brand to further assert its identity  as modern nomad  and strengthen its global presence. I would like to thank Isabelle  Judith and the rest of SMCP Board of Directors for their trust in me to write that exciting new chapter for Maje.”ABOUT SMCPSMCP is a global leader in the accessible luxury market with four unique Parisian brands: Sandro  Maje  Claudie Pierlot and Fursac. Present in 47 countries  the Group comprises a network of over 1 600 stores globally and a strong digital presence in all its key markets. Evelyne Chetrite and Judith Milgrom founded Sandro and Maje in Paris  in 1984 and 1998 respectively  and continue to provide creative direction for the brands. Claudie Pierlot and Fursac were respectively acquired by SMCP in 2009 and 2019. SMCP is listed on the Euronext Paris regulated market (compartment A  ISIN CodeFR0013214145  ticker: SMCPCONTACTSINVESTORS/PRESS SMCP BRUNSWICK Amélie Dernis Hugues Boëton +33 (0) 6 79 99 27 15 +33 (0) 1 55 80 51 00 Tristan Roquet Montegon +33 (0) 6 37 00 52 57 amelie.dernis@smcp.com smcp@brunswickgroup.comAttachment",neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,positive,0.96,0.04,0.0,True,English,"['Elina Kousourna', 'SMCP', 'CEO', 'Maje', 'INVESTORS/PRESS SMCP BRUNSWICK Amélie Dernis Hugues Boëton', 'official Fashion Week calendar', 'four unique Parisian brands', 'Euronext Paris regulated market', 'accessible luxury market', ""L'Oréal"", 'Tristan Roquet Montegon', 'exciting new chapter', 'strong digital presence', 'Boston Consulting Group', 'four years', 'strong value', 'consulting firm', 'global presence', 'English French', 'Press release', 'parent company', 'Claudie Pierlot', 'Executive Committee', 'internal mobility', 'key player', 'complete renewal', 'Artistic Director', 'feminine DNA', 'proper vision', 'customer satisfaction', 'three years', 'Creative Director', 'Gauthier Borsarello', 'clear roadmap', 'tailoring know-how', 'casual styles', 'substantial change', 'seven years', 'Retail team', 'Athens University', 'pivotal moment', 'inspirational woman', '25th anniversary', 'right moment', 'modern nomad', 'global leader', 'key markets', 'Evelyne Chetrite', 'creative direction', 'ISIN CodeFR0013214145', 'SMCP Board', 'Fursac brands', 'new CEO', 'Isabelle Guichot', 'Judith Milgrom', 'responsible development', 'international development', 'Elina Kousourna', 'Fursac teams', 'SMCP group', 'ambitious strategy', 'March', 'Maje', 'Sandro', 'member', 'arrival', 'appointment', 'announcement', 'talents', 'growth', 'editor', 'note', 'Founder', 'expansion', 'influence', 'singular', 'House', 'priorities', 'desirability', 'Head', 'leadership', 'France', 'Europe', 'collections', 'name', 'scale', 'time', 'IPO', 'Principal', 'career', 'Greece', 'graduate', 'Economics', 'MBA', 'INSEAD', 'history', 'identity', 'rest', 'Directors', 'trust', '47 countries', 'network', '1,600 stores', 'ticker', 'CONTACTS', 'Attachment']",2023-03-22,2023-03-23,globenewswire.com
21128,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/SMCP-S-A-38166115/news/SMCP-Elina-Kousourna-is-appointed-CEO-of-Maje-43305866/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230322,SMCP - Elina Kousourna is appointed CEO of Maje,(marketscreener.com) Press release - Paris  March 22th  2023                  Elina Kousourna appointed as CEO of Maje SMCP group  parent company of the Sandro  Maje  Claudie Pierlot and Fursac brands  is pleased to announce that Elina Kousourna has been appo…,"Press release - Paris  March 22th  2023Elina Kousourna appointed as CEO of MajeSMCP group  parent company of the Sandro  Maje  Claudie Pierlot and Fursac brands  is pleased to announce that Elina Kousourna has been appointed as CEO of Maje  effective April 17th  2023. She will remain a member of SMCP group’s Executive Committee and will keep supporting Fursac teams  until the arrival of a new CEO for the brand.Isabelle Guichot  CEO of SMCP  said: ""I am very pleased to announce Elina’s appointment as CEO of Maje  a brand I know well for having managed it myself. This announcement is particularly important for me as it illustrates a strong value of our Group: promoting talents and internal mobility. Since 2015  Elina has been a key player in the Group's growth  impacting our strategy and development  as well as managing a brand in complete renewal like Fursac. It was therefore natural that Judith Milgrom [editor's note: Founder and Artistic Director of Maje] and I chose Elina to continue the expansion and influence of Maje  while respecting its so singular and feminine DNA. Elina has the talent and the proper vision to lead the House and continue to work towards achieving our priorities which are desirability  responsible development  and customer satisfaction.”Elina Kousourna is taking over as CEO of Maje after more than three years as Head of Fursac brand  which  under her leadership  and that of its Creative Director  Gauthier Borsarello  has accelerated its growth in France and Europe by following an ambitious strategy and a clear roadmap  around collections that celebrate its tailoring know-how while opening up to more casual styles. The brand has also changed its name and entered the official Fashion Week calendar in 2022  thus confirming a substantial change in scale. Before joining Fursac in 2019  Elina spent four years as Head of Strategy and Development at SMCP. During this time  she was also involved in SMCP’s IPO on Euronext Paris in 2017 and helped accelerate the Group’s international development. Prior to joining the Group  Elina Kousourna was a Principal at the consulting firm Boston Consulting Group where she worked for nearly seven years in the Consumer & Retail team. She began her career at L'Oréal in Greece. Elina  39  is a graduate of Athens University of Economics and holds an MBA from INSEAD.Elina Kousourna  CEO of Maje  said: “I am delighted to be joining Maje at a pivotal moment in its history and to work alongside an inspirational woman like Judith. Maje is celebrating its 25th anniversary  the right moment for the brand to further assert its identity  as modern nomad  and strengthen its global presence. I would like to thank Isabelle  Judith and the rest of SMCP Board of Directors for their trust in me to write that exciting new chapter for Maje.”ABOUT SMCPSMCP is a global leader in the accessible luxury market with four unique Parisian brands: Sandro  Maje  Claudie Pierlot and Fursac. Present in 47 countries  the Group comprises a network of over 1 600 stores globally and a strong digital presence in all its key markets. Evelyne Chetrite and Judith Milgrom founded Sandro and Maje in Paris  in 1984 and 1998 respectively  and continue to provide creative direction for the brands. Claudie Pierlot and Fursac were respectively acquired by SMCP in 2009 and 2019. SMCP is listed on the Euronext Paris regulated market (compartment A  ISIN CodeFR0013214145  ticker: SMCPCONTACTSINVESTORS/PRESS SMCP BRUNSWICK Amélie Dernis Hugues Boëton +33 (0) 6 79 99 27 15 +33 (0) 1 55 80 51 00 Tristan Roquet Montegon +33 (0) 6 37 00 52 57 amelie.dernis@smcp.com smcp@brunswickgroup.comAttachment",neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,positive,0.92,0.08,0.0,True,English,"['Elina Kousourna', 'SMCP', 'CEO', 'Maje', 'INVESTORS/PRESS SMCP BRUNSWICK Amélie Dernis Hugues Boëton', 'official Fashion Week calendar', 'four unique Parisian brands', 'Euronext Paris regulated market', 'accessible luxury market', ""L'Oréal"", 'Tristan Roquet Montegon', 'exciting new chapter', 'strong digital presence', 'Boston Consulting Group', 'four years', 'strong value', 'consulting firm', 'global presence', 'Press release', 'parent company', 'Claudie Pierlot', 'Executive Committee', 'internal mobility', 'key player', 'complete renewal', 'Artistic Director', 'feminine DNA', 'proper vision', 'customer satisfaction', 'three years', 'Creative Director', 'Gauthier Borsarello', 'clear roadmap', 'tailoring know-how', 'casual styles', 'substantial change', 'seven years', 'Retail team', 'Athens University', 'pivotal moment', 'inspirational woman', '25th anniversary', 'right moment', 'modern nomad', 'global leader', 'key markets', 'Evelyne Chetrite', 'creative direction', 'ISIN CodeFR0013214145', 'SMCP Board', 'Fursac brands', 'new CEO', 'Isabelle Guichot', 'Judith Milgrom', 'responsible development', 'international development', 'Elina Kousourna', 'Fursac teams', 'SMCP group', 'ambitious strategy', 'March', 'Maje', 'Sandro', 'member', 'arrival', 'appointment', 'announcement', 'talents', 'growth', 'editor', 'note', 'Founder', 'expansion', 'influence', 'singular', 'House', 'priorities', 'desirability', 'Head', 'leadership', 'France', 'Europe', 'collections', 'name', 'scale', 'time', 'IPO', 'Principal', 'career', 'Greece', 'graduate', 'Economics', 'MBA', 'INSEAD', 'history', 'identity', 'rest', 'Directors', 'trust', '47 countries', 'network', '1,600 stores', 'ticker', 'CONTACTS', 'Attachment']",2023-03-22,2023-03-23,marketscreener.com
21129,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/BENEVOLENTAI-124363416/news/BenevolentAI-Strengthens-its-Board-of-Directors-with-the-Appointment-of-Digital-Innovation-Expert-Ma-43305862/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230322,BenevolentAI Strengthens its Board of Directors with the Appointment of Digital Innovation Expert Marcello Damiani,(marketscreener.com)  https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/BENEVOLENTAI-124363416/news/BenevolentAI-Strengthens-its-Board-of-Directors-with-the-Appointment-of-Digital-Innovation-Expert-Ma-43305862/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230322,"Regulatory News:BenevolentAI (AMS: BAI):Public disclosure of inside information in accordance with article 17(1) of Regulation (EU) No. 596/2014 on market abuse (Market Abuse Regulation)BenevolentAI (“BenevolentAI” or the “Company”) (Euronext Amsterdam: BAI)  a leading  clinical-stage AI-enabled drug discovery and development company  today announces the appointment of Marcello Damiani to its Board of Directors. His official appointment will be confirmed by the Company’s Annual General Meeting of Shareholders  which will be held on 4 May 2023. Marcello will act as an Independent Non-Executive Director of the Company.Dr. François Nader  Chairman of BenevolentAI  said: “We are pleased to welcome Marcello to our Board as a Non-Executive Director. Drawing from his senior executive leadership experience at global organisations such as Moderna and bioMérieux  Marcello offers a unique perspective and understanding of innovation in the technology and biotech sectors. His experience will further strengthen the existing diversity and knowledge of our Board as BenevolentAI continues to execute its ambitious growth strategy.”Marcello Damiani  said: “Technologies such as artificial intelligence offer huge promise to unlock complex biology and uncover new medicines for a broad range of debilitating diseases. I am delighted to work alongside BenevolentAI’s Board of Directors and leadership team to deliver on this promise and  in so doing  deliver a new generation of transformative medicines to patients.”Joanna Shields  Chief Executive Officer and Board Director of BenevolentAI  said: “BenevolentAI is  at its core  a technology development company with a mission to understand complex disease biology and enable scientists to make novel discoveries. Marcello’s expertise in driving innovation in biopharma will be an invaluable addition to our Board as we continue to scale the impact of our platform and AI tools.”Marcello has over 25 years of experience in senior executive positions in both private and publicly listed companies in the aerospace  high-tech and biotech industries. He is the former Chief Digital and Operational Excellence Officer of Moderna Inc. (Nasdaq: MRNA)  where he built the technology  processes  and digitisation landscape required to advance a new class of medicines based on mRNA science. Before joining Moderna in 2015  he served as Sr. Vice President & group CIO at bioMérieux from 2010 to 2015  having joined in 2009 as Executive Director  IT Global Infrastructure services.Marcello holds an MBA from TRIUM  an MSc in Information Systems Architecture from the University of Toulouse  France and a BSc in Computer Science from the University of Toulouse  France. He also serves on the Board of Cellarity  a biotech company based in Cambridge  MA.About BenevolentAIBenevolentAI (AMS: BAI) is a leading  clinical-stage AI-enabled drug discovery and development company listed on the Euronext Amsterdam stock exchange. Through the combined capabilities of this AI platform  its scientific expertise  and wet-lab facilities  BenevolentAI is well-positioned to deliver novel drug candidates with a higher probability of clinical success than those developed using traditional methods. The BenevolentPlatform™ powers the Company’s in-house drug pipeline and supports successful collaborations with AstraZeneca  as well as leading research and charitable institutions. BenevolentAI is headquartered in London  with a research facility in Cambridge (UK) and a further office in New York.Forward-looking StatementsThis release may contain forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements are statements that are not historical facts and may be identified by words such as ""plans""  ""targets""  ""aims""  ""believes""  ""expects""  ""anticipates""  ""intends""  ""estimates""  ""will""  ""may""  ""should"" and similar expressions. Forward-looking statements include statements regarding objectives  goals  strategies  outlook and growth prospects; future plans  events or performance and potential for future growth; economic outlook and industry trends; developments in BenevolentAI’s markets; the impact of regulatory initiatives; and/or the strength of BenevolentAI’s competitors. These forward-looking statements reflect  at the time made  BenevolentAI’s beliefs  intentions and current targets/aims. Forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties because they relate to events and depend on circumstances that may or may not occur in the future. The forward-looking statements in this release are based upon various assumptions based on  without limitation  management's examination of historical operating trends  data contained in BenevolentAI’s records  and third- party data. Although BenevolentAI believes these assumptions were reasonable when made  these assumptions are inherently subject to significant known and unknown risks  uncertainties  contingencies and other important factors which are difficult or impossible to predict and are beyond BenevolentAI’s control. Forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance  and such risks  uncertainties  contingencies and other important factors could cause the actual outcomes and the results of operations  financial condition and liquidity of BenevolentAI or the industry to differ materially from those results expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. The forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this release. No representation or warranty is made that any of these forward-looking statements or forecasts will come to pass or that any forecast result will be achieved.View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20230321006008/en/",neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,mixed,0.43,0.1,0.48,True,English,"['Digital Innovation Expert Marcello Damiani', 'BenevolentAI', 'Board', 'Directors', 'Appointment', 'leading, clinical-stage AI-enabled drug discovery', 'Dr. François Nader', 'IT Global Infrastructure services', 'Euronext Amsterdam stock exchange', 'senior executive leadership experience', 'house drug pipeline', 'novel drug candidates', 'senior executive positions', 'Annual General Meeting', 'former Chief Digital', 'Operational Excellence Officer', 'Sr. Vice President', 'other important factors', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'Information Systems Architecture', 'ambitious growth strategy', 'Independent Non-Executive Director', 'complex disease biology', 'The Benevolent Platform™', 'historical operating trends', 'third- party data', 'Market Abuse Regulation', 'leading research', 'technology development company', 'global organisations', 'complex biology', 'leadership team', 'inside information', 'novel discoveries', 'historical facts', 'industry trends', 'growth prospects', 'future growth', 'Regulatory News', 'Public disclosure', 'EU) No.', 'bioMérieux', 'unique perspective', 'biotech sectors', 'existing diversity', 'artificial intelligence', 'broad range', 'debilitating diseases', 'new generation', 'Joanna Shields', 'invaluable addition', 'AI tools', 'biotech industries', 'digitisation landscape', 'new class', 'group CIO', 'Computer Science', 'combined capabilities', 'AI platform', 'wet-lab facilities', 'higher probability', 'clinical success', 'traditional methods', 'successful collaborations', 'charitable institutions', 'research facility', 'New York', 'similar expressions', 'economic outlook', 'regulatory initiatives', 'significant known', 'Forward-looking Statements', 'new medicines', 'transformative medicines', 'biotech company', 'official appointment', 'huge promise', 'mRNA science', 'scientific expertise', 'current targets', 'unknown risks', 'Board Director', 'Moderna Inc.', 'various assumptions', 'Marcello Damiani', 'future plans', 'future performance', 'BenevolentAI', 'BAI', 'article', 'Directors', 'Shareholders', '4 May', 'Chairman', 'understanding', 'innovation', 'knowledge', 'Technologies', 'patients', 'core', 'mission', 'scientists', 'biopharma', 'impact', '25 years', 'private', 'publicly', 'companies', 'high-tech', 'Nasdaq', 'processes', 'MBA', 'TRIUM', 'MSc', 'University', 'Toulouse', 'France', 'BSc', 'Cellarity', 'Cambridge', 'AstraZeneca', 'London', 'UK', 'release', 'words', 'aims', 'expects', 'objectives', 'goals', 'strategies', 'events', 'potential', 'developments', 'markets', 'strength', 'competitors', 'time', 'beliefs', 'intentions', 'uncertainties', 'circumstances', 'limitation', 'management', 'examination', 'records', 'contingencies', 'control', 'guarantees']",2023-03-22,2023-03-23,marketscreener.com
21130,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/03/22/2632579/0/en/Five-high-ranking-European-and-South-American-football-clubs-join-Football-at-AlphaVerse-CBI-s-football-universe.html,Five high ranking European and South American football clubs join 'Football at AlphaVerse'  CBI's football universe,Five high ranking European and South American football clubs join 'Football at AlphaVerse'  CBI's football universe  Virtual worlds developed by...,"French EnglishFive high ranking European and South American football clubs join 'Football at AlphaVerse'  CBI's football universeVirtual worlds developed by AlphaVerse in close collaboration with the clubs3D reproduction of stadiums totaling over 220 000 digital seats to be marketed by AlphaVerse as NFTs  exclusive video content  fan areas and mini-gamesExpected opening in CBI's 2023-2024 financial yearCRYPTO BLOCKCHAIN INDUSTRIES (CBI  Euronext Growth Paris: FR0014007LW0  ALCBI) announces the signature of the first five strategic agreements with major European and South American football clubs for the creation of five virtual worlds dedicated to each of these clubs within the ""Football at AlphaVerse"" (FAV) universe devoted to football.Located in Spain  Great Britain and South America  the first five clubs to sign licensing agreements with CBI are iconic national clubs  league champions and historical clubs with large fan bases. Their stadiums total over 220 000 seats which will represent as many NFTs in the virtual worlds. Club announcements are in the works and several agreements with other clubs are still being finalised. To follow the news of Football at AlphaVerse  and AlphaVerse in general  please visit https://alphaverse.com/news/.Football at AlphaVerse: a virtual world for the world's most popular sportIn these virtual worlds dedicated to each of these football clubs  visitors will be able to move around in different 3D spaces. The stadiums of the clubs  totaling more than 220 000 seats for these five clubs  the training centers and the general atmosphere of the clubs' cities will be reproduced to offer all visitors and fans a new experience of proximity.AlphaVerse's principle of openness is respected: the creation of an account can be done without crypto-currency and microtransactions will be offered in classic currencies or in crypto-currencies.In particular  fans will be able to purchase virtual seats to access a number of opportunities in real life (including the possibility to win tickets to the real game) or in the virtual world (allocation of NFTs with the club's image  mini-games  etc.). The audiovisual content will cover professional teams  women's teams  youth teams and all club news.With Football at AlphaVerse (FAV)  football  considered the most popular sport in the world  will now have its own 3D virtual world where fans from all over the world can meet  be entertained and informed.Football at AlphaVerse: a revenue-sharing licensing modelThe partnership agreements between the clubs and AlphaVerse take the form of long-term licenses  with royalty rates and guaranteed minimums typical of this type of contract and in line with market practice. Revenues will be shared between CBI and the club. These contracts contain  as the case may be  exclusivity clauses.The sources of income for CBI are mainly the following:Sale of virtual seats and other locations around the world where fans can upload their photos  videos and messages of support for the club;Sales of 3D statues of players and club trophies;Sales of collector's cards on the history of the club and its best players;Advertising videos and partnership agreements with sponsors;Income from mini-games.CBI  assisted by partner studios with over 60 development  Web3 and game specialists  is in charge of creating the worlds in close collaboration with the clubs.The first football worlds are scheduled to open in the 2023-2024 financial year (1 April 2023 - 31 March 2024) of CBI.DisclaimerThe realization of projects  as well as their operational budget and financing plan  remain fundamentally subject to uncertainties  and the non-realisation of the underlying assumptions may have a significant impact on the value of the assets and liabilities.About CBICRYPTO BLOCKCHAIN INDUSTRIES (“CBI”) is a French company that develops  operates and invests in video games  business applications and selected projects relating to the blockchain  non-fungible tokens (“NFTs”) and cryptocurrencies. Founded by Frédéric Chesnais  a renowned gaming industry entrepreneur and blockchain pioneer  CBI aims to develop and unlock value from a portfolio of blockchain activities across multiple industries (video games  finance  logistics  etc.) with a view to capitalizing on this technology  either directly or through partnerships. CBI has already made several investments and is currently launching AlphaVerse  a blockchain technology-based virtual world  or metaverse. CBI shares are listed on the E2 compartment (Public offer) of the Euronext Growth Paris stock exchange.Learn more at www.cbicorp.io and www.alphaverse.comContactsCBIFrédéric CHESNAISCEOfredchesnais@cbicorp.iowww.cbicorp.io Listing SponsorAtout CapitalRodolphe OSSOLArodolphe.ossola@atoutcapital.com Financial CommunicationCalyptusDarius Dinu+33 1 53 65 68 68cbi@calyptus.netAttachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.43,0.28,0.29,True,English,"['Five high ranking European', 'South American football clubs', 'football universe', 'AlphaVerse', 'CBI', 'Frédéric CHESNAIS CEO', 'Euronext Growth Paris stock exchange', 'renowned gaming industry entrepreneur', 'Five high ranking European', 'first five strategic agreements', 'South American football clubs', 'blockchain technology-based virtual world', 'blockchain, non-fungible tokens', '2023-2024 financial year', 'first five clubs', 'CRYPTO BLOCKCHAIN INDUSTRIES', 'large fan bases', 'different 3D spaces', 'revenue-sharing licensing model', 'iconic national clubs', 'exclusive video content', 'five virtual worlds', 'io Listing Sponsor', 'first football worlds', '3D virtual world', 'major European', 'licensing agreements', 'blockchain pioneer', 'blockchain activities', 'multiple industries', 'Financial Communication', '3D reproduction', 'fan areas', 'audiovisual content', '3D statues', 'several agreements', 'partnership agreements', 'video games', 'historical clubs', 'other clubs', ""clubs' cities"", 'French English', 'close collaboration', 'Great Britain', 'league champions', 'training centers', 'new experience', 'classic currencies', 'virtual seats', 'real life', 'real game', 'long-term licenses', 'royalty rates', 'market practice', 'exclusivity clauses', 'other locations', 'partner studios', 'game specialists', 'operational budget', 'financing plan', 'underlying assumptions', 'significant impact', 'French company', 'business applications', 'several investments', 'E2 compartment', 'Public offer', 'Atout Capital', 'Darius Dinu', 'football universe', 'professional teams', 'youth teams', '220,000 digital seats', 'popular sport', 'general atmosphere', 'best players', 'Advertising videos', 'Club announcements', 'club trophies', 'many NFTs', 'CBI shares', 'Rodolphe OSSOLA', 'club news', '220,000 seats', 'AlphaVerse', 'stadiums', 'mini-games', 'opening', 'ALCBI', 'signature', 'creation', 'Spain', 'works', 'visitors', 'fans', 'proximity', 'principle', 'openness', 'account', 'crypto-currency', 'microtransactions', 'crypto-currencies', 'number', 'opportunities', 'possibility', 'tickets', 'allocation', 'image', 'women', 'FAV', 'form', 'minimums', 'type', 'contract', 'line', 'Revenues', 'case', 'sources', 'income', 'Sale', 'photos', 'messages', 'support', 'collector', 'cards', 'history', 'sponsors', '60 development', 'Web3', 'charge', 'April', '31 March', 'Disclaimer', 'realization', 'projects', 'uncertainties', 'realisation', 'value', 'assets', 'liabilities', 'cryptocurrencies', 'portfolio', 'finance', 'logistics', 'view', 'partnerships', 'metaverse', 'cbicorp', 'Contacts', 'fredchesnais', 'Calyptus', 'Attachment']",2023-03-22,2023-03-23,globenewswire.com
21131,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/BENEVOLENTAI-124363416/news/BenevolentAI-Inside-Information-Ad-Hoc-Information-New-Non-Executive-Director-appointment-43305929/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230322,BenevolentAI : Inside Information / Ad Hoc Information New Non-Executive Director appointment,(marketscreener.com)   Public disclosure of inside information in accordance with article 17 of Regulation No.   596/2014 on market abuse    BenevolentAI strengthens its Board of Directors with the appointment of digital innovation   expert Marcell…,"Public disclosure of inside information in accordance with article 17(1) of Regulation (EU) No.596/2014 on market abuse (Market Abuse Regulation)BenevolentAI strengthens its Board of Directors with the appointment of digital innovationexpert Marcello DamianiLondon  UK  22 March 2023: BenevolentAI (""BenevolentAI"" or the ""Company"") (Euronext Amsterdam: BAI)  a leading  clinical-stageAI-enabled drug discovery and development company  today announces the appointment of Marcello Damiani to its Board of Directors. His official appointment will be confirmed by the Company's Annual General Meeting of Shareholders  which will be held on 4 May 2023. Marcello will act as an Independent Non-Executive Director of the Company.Dr. François Nader  Chairman of BenevolentAI  said: ""We are pleased to welcome Marcello to our Board as a Non-ExecutiveDirector. Drawing from his senior executive leadership experience at global organisations such as Moderna and bioMérieux  Marcello offers a unique perspective and understanding of innovation in the technology and biotech sectors. His experience will further strengthen the existing diversity and knowledge of our Board as BenevolentAI continues to execute its ambitious growth strategy.""Marcello Damiani  said: ""Technologies such as artificial intelligence offer huge promise to unlock complex biology and uncover new medicines for a broad range of debilitating diseases. I am delighted to work alongside BenevolentAI's Board of Directors and leadership team to deliver on this promise and  in so doing  deliver a new generation of transformative medicines to patients.""Joanna Shields  Chief Executive Officer and Board Director of BenevolentAI  said: ""BenevolentAI is  at its core  a technology development company with a mission to understand complex disease biology and enable scientists to make novel discoveries. Marcello's expertise in driving innovation in biopharma will be an invaluable addition to our Board as we continue to scale the impact of our platform and AI tools.""Marcello has over 25 years of experience in senior executive positions in both private and publicly listed companies in the aerospace  high-tech and biotech industries. He is the former Chief Digital and Operational Excellence Officer of Moderna Inc. (Nasdaq: MRNA)  where he built the technology  processes  and digitisation landscape required to advance a new class of medicines based on mRNA science. Before joining Moderna in 2015  he served as Sr. Vice President & group CIO at bioMérieux from 2010 to 2015  having joined in 2009 as Executive Director  IT Global Infrastructure services.Marcello holds an MBA from TRIUM  an MSc in Information Systems Architecture from the University of Toulouse  France and a BSc in Computer Science from the University of Toulouse  France. He also serves on the Board of Cellarity  a biotech company based in Cambridge  MA.Enquiries:Investors:Fleur Wood - VP Investor Relations fleur.wood@benevolent.ai investors@benevolent.aiT: +44(0) 203 781 9360Media:Rajin Kang - VP Communications rajin.kang@benevolent.aiT: +44(0) 203 781 9360FTI Consulting:Ben Atwell/Simon Conway/Victoria Foster Mitchell+44 203 727 1000 BenevolentAI@fticonsulting.comAbout BenevolentAIBenevolentAI (AMS: BAI) is a leading  clinical-stageAI-enabled drug discovery and development company listed on the Euronext Amsterdam stock exchange. Through the combined capabilities of this AI platform  its scientific expertise  and wet-lab facilities  BenevolentAI is well-positioned to deliver novel drug candidates with a higher probability of clinical success than those developed using traditional methods. The Benevolent",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.6,0.12,0.28,True,English,"['New Non-Executive Director appointment', 'Ad Hoc Information', 'Inside Information', 'BenevolentAI', 'Dr. François Nader', 'leading, clinical-stageAI-enabled drug discovery', 'IT Global Infrastructure services', 'Euronext Amsterdam stock exchange', 'senior executive leadership experience', 'senior executive positions', 'novel drug candidates', 'Annual General Meeting', 'ambitious growth strategy', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'former Chief Digital', 'Operational Excellence Officer', 'Sr. Vice President', 'Victoria Foster Mitchell', 'Information Systems Architecture', 'VP Investor Relations', 'Independent Non-Executive Director', 'complex disease biology', 'digital innovation expert', 'Market Abuse Regulation', 'technology development company', 'global organisations', 'complex biology', 'leadership team', 'inside information', 'novel discoveries', 'VP Communications', 'Public disclosure', 'bioMérieux', 'unique perspective', 'biotech sectors', 'existing diversity', 'artificial intelligence', 'broad range', 'debilitating diseases', 'new generation', 'Joanna Shields', 'invaluable addition', 'biotech industries', 'digitisation landscape', 'new class', 'group CIO', 'Computer Science', 'Fleur Wood', 'FTI Consulting', 'Ben Atwell', 'Simon Conway', 'combined capabilities', 'wet-lab facilities', 'higher probability', 'clinical success', 'traditional methods', 'AI tools', 'biotech company', 'new medicines', 'transformative medicines', 'huge promise', 'mRNA science', 'Rajin Kang', 'scientific expertise', 'The Benevolent', 'Board Director', 'Marcello Damiani', 'official appointment', 'Moderna Inc.', 'AI platform', 'accordance', 'article', 'No.', 'BenevolentAI', 'Directors', 'London', 'UK', 'BAI', 'Shareholders', '4 May', 'Chairman', 'Non-ExecutiveDirector', 'understanding', 'knowledge', 'Technologies', 'patients', 'core', 'mission', 'scientists', 'biopharma', 'impact', '25 years', 'private', 'publicly', 'companies', 'high-tech', 'Nasdaq', 'processes', 'MBA', 'TRIUM', 'MSc', 'University', 'Toulouse', 'France', 'BSc', 'Cellarity', 'Cambridge', 'Enquiries', 'Investors', 'Media', 'fticonsulting']",2023-03-22,2023-03-23,marketscreener.com
21132,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/03/22/2632562/0/en/ARGAN-Yes-old-warehouses-have-a-future-here-is-the-proof.html,ARGAN : Yes  old warehouses have a future  here is the proof,Do old warehouses have a future? This is the question ARGAN tried to answer in its corporate magazine in 2021. Two years later  the real estate company specialising in the development and rental of premium warehouses gave a concrete answer to the question by …,"French EnglishDo old warehouses have a future? This is the question ARGAN tried to answer in its corporate magazine in 2021. Two years later  the real estate company specialising in the development and rental of premium warehouses gave a concrete answer to the question by carrying out the complete restructuring of two logistics sites dating from the 1980s and 1990s. These sites are located in the heart of two metropolis  one in Lens in the north of France and the other in Rognac  near Marseilles. These two projects are fully in line with the French regulatory constraints on land use.In 2021  ARGAN bought two logistics sites in operation for more than 30 years  one in Lens and the other in Rognac  near Marseilles  through the joint-venture SCI CARGAN LOG set up with CARREFOUR.Less than two years later  the two sites have been refurbished and renovated  brought up to the latest standards.The Rognac site is ideally located a few minutes from Marseilles via the A7 motorway  in the heart of a historic industrial and logistics zone. With a surface of 22 700 sq m  the building is rented by two operators: GROUPE PAC and PORTMANN.Specialist in equipment and consumables for the tyre service  GROUPE PAC rents 15 300 sq m under a 12-year lease. The PAC Group integrates four companies specialised in the distribution of garage equipment.The second tenant  PORTMANN  is an independent logistics operator operating all across France. PORTMANN operates over 7 400 sq m.The office block  of almost 1 500 sq m  has been completely renovated. A 300 sq m showroom also allows the PAC GROUP to display its products and receive its customers directly on the Rognac site. The roads and facade have been renovated  as well as the fire safety systems  which were obsolete.The Lens site also benefits from a prime location  in the heart of a metropolis of 250 000 inhabitants.The immediate proximity of the A21 motorway provides an easy access to the northern region of France (Hauts-de-France). With a surface of 27 700 sq m  the site  which has also been refurbished  is rented by PARAGON SUPPLY SERVICES under a 9-year firm lease contract. PARAGON is specialised in the logistical distribution of customised products (B2B and B2C).Major renovation work was also carried out on the Lens building. The roof was completely waterproofed. The roadways  facades  dock doors and levellers were renovated. Inside the building  all the lighting was changed to LED.Jean-Claude Le Lan  Chairman of the ARGAN Supervisory Board  comments : ""The circular economy is everywhere today. Our credo was to make a modern project out of old buildings by investing €15 million in major renovation work and bringing these two sites up to current standards in an ideal location. The successful and rapid full rental of these two sites is the best proof of the relevance of this type of project. In an increasingly constrained environment  bringing class B or C buildings up to the latest standards is a response to the high constraints on land use that concern us all today ».Financial calendar 2023 (Press release to be issued after the stock exchange)23 rd March : General MeetingMarch : General Meeting 3 rd April : Turnover for the 1 st quarter 2023April : Turnover for the 1 quarter 2023 3 rd July : Turnover for the 2 nd quarter 2023July : Turnover for the 2 quarter 2023 19 th July : Half-yearly results 2023July : Half-yearly results 2023 2nd October : Turnover for the 3rd quarter 2023About ArganARGAN is the only French real estate company specialized in the DEVELOPMENT & RENTAL OF PREMIUM WAREHOUSES listed on EURONEXT. As of 31st December 2022  ARGAN’s portfolio amounted to 3.5 million sqm  comprising approximately 100 warehouses located exclusively in France  valued at €4.0 billion. ARGAN is listed on Compartment A of Euronext Paris (ISIN FR0010481960 - ARG) and is included in the CAC All-Share  IEIF SIIC France and EPRA Europ indices. The company opted for the listed real estate investment companies (SIICs) tax regime since 01st July 2007.www.argan.frFrancis Albertinelli - Directeur Administratif et FinancierAymar de Germay – Secrétaire généralTél : 01 47 47 05 46E-mail : contact@argan.frwww.argan.frAude Vayre – Relations presseTél : 06 14 64 15 65E-mail : argan@citigatedewerogerson.comAttachment",neutral,0.03,0.97,0.0,mixed,0.73,0.02,0.25,True,English,"['old warehouses', 'ARGAN', 'future', 'proof', 'Secrétaire général', '9-year firm lease contract', 'real estate investment companies', 'French real estate company', 'SCI CARGAN LOG', 'fire safety systems', 'Major renovation work', 'Jean-Claude Le Lan', 'EPRA Europ indices', 'SIICs) tax regime', 'Aymar de Germay', 'independent logistics operator', 'French regulatory constraints', 'PARAGON SUPPLY SERVICES', 'The PAC Group', 'rapid full rental', '300 sq m showroom', 'IEIF SIIC France', 'ARGAN Supervisory Board', 'two logistics sites', 'The Rognac site', 'The Lens site', 'French English', '12-year lease', 'four companies', 'logistics zone', 'high constraints', 'two sites', 'two projects', 'two operators', 'GROUPE PAC', 'corporate magazine', 'concrete answer', 'complete restructuring', 'land use', 'latest standards', 'A7 motorway', 'historic industrial', 'second tenant', 'office block', 'prime location', 'immediate proximity', 'A21 motorway', 'easy access', 'northern region', 'dock doors', 'circular economy', 'old buildings', 'current standards', 'ideal location', 'best proof', 'constrained environment', 'class B', 'C buildings', 'Financial calendar', 'Press release', 'stock exchange', 'General Meeting', 'Half-yearly results', '31st December', '3.5 million sqm', 'Compartment A', 'CAC All-Share', 'Francis Albertinelli', 'Directeur Administratif', 'Tél', 'Aude Vayre', 'Relations presse', 'old warehouses', 'premium warehouses', 'two metropolis', '1 st quarter', '2 nd quarter', '3rd quarter', 'garage equipment', 'logistical distribution', 'customised products', 'modern project', 'Euronext Paris', '01st July', 'Lens building', '100 warehouses', '1 quarter', '2 quarter', '22,700 sq', '7,400 sq', '1,500 sq', '27,700 sq', 'future', 'question', 'development', '1980s', '1990s', 'heart', 'Marseilles', 'line', 'operation', '30 years', 'joint-venture', 'CARREFOUR', 'surface', 'Specialist', 'consumables', 'customers', 'roads', 'facade', '250,000 inhabitants', 'B2B', 'B2C', 'roadways', 'levellers', 'lighting', 'LED', 'Chairman', 'credo', 'successful', 'relevance', 'type', 'response', 'March', 'April', 'Turnover', 'October', 'portfolio', 'ISIN', 'Financier', 'mail', 'Attachment', '23']",2023-03-22,2023-03-23,globenewswire.com
21133,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/ARGAN-53235/news/ARGAN-Yes-old-warehouses-have-a-future-here-is-the-proof-43312958/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230322,ARGAN : Yes  old warehouses have a future  here is the proof,(marketscreener.com) Do old warehouses have a future? This is the question ARGAN tried to answer in its corporate magazine in 2021. Two years later  the real estate company specialising in the development and rental of premium warehouses gave a concrete answe…,"Do old warehouses have a future? This is the question ARGAN tried to answer in its corporate magazine in 2021. Two years later  the real estate company specialising in the development and rental of premium warehouses gave a concrete answer to the question by carrying out the complete restructuring of two logistics sites dating from the 1980s and 1990s. These sites are located in the heart of two metropolis  one in Lens in the north of France and the other in Rognac  near Marseilles. These two projects are fully in line with the French regulatory constraints on land use.In 2021  ARGAN bought two logistics sites in operation for more than 30 years  one in Lens and the other in Rognac  near Marseilles  through the joint-venture SCI CARGAN LOG set up with CARREFOUR.Less than two years later  the two sites have been refurbished and renovated  brought up to the latest standards.The Rognac site is ideally located a few minutes from Marseilles via the A7 motorway  in the heart of a historic industrial and logistics zone. With a surface of 22 700 sq m  the building is rented by two operators: GROUPE PAC and PORTMANN.Specialist in equipment and consumables for the tyre service  GROUPE PAC rents 15 300 sq m under a 12-year lease. The PAC Group integrates four companies specialised in the distribution of garage equipment.The second tenant  PORTMANN  is an independent logistics operator operating all across France. PORTMANN operates over 7 400 sq m.The office block  of almost 1 500 sq m  has been completely renovated. A 300 sq m showroom also allows the PAC GROUP to display its products and receive its customers directly on the Rognac site. The roads and facade have been renovated  as well as the fire safety systems  which were obsolete.The Lens site also benefits from a prime location  in the heart of a metropolis of 250 000 inhabitants.The immediate proximity of the A21 motorway provides an easy access to the northern region of France (Hauts-de-France). With a surface of 27 700 sq m  the site  which has also been refurbished  is rented by PARAGON SUPPLY SERVICES under a 9-year firm lease contract. PARAGON is specialised in the logistical distribution of customised products (B2B and B2C).Major renovation work was also carried out on the Lens building. The roof was completely waterproofed. The roadways  facades  dock doors and levellers were renovated. Inside the building  all the lighting was changed to LED.Jean-Claude Le Lan  Chairman of the ARGAN Supervisory Board  comments : ""The circular economy is everywhere today. Our credo was to make a modern project out of old buildings by investing €15 million in major renovation work and bringing these two sites up to current standards in an ideal location. The successful and rapid full rental of these two sites is the best proof of the relevance of this type of project. In an increasingly constrained environment  bringing class B or C buildings up to the latest standards is a response to the high constraints on land use that concern us all today ».Financial calendar 2023 (Press release to be issued after the stock exchange)23 rd March : General MeetingMarch : General Meeting 3 rd April : Turnover for the 1 st quarter 2023April : Turnover for the 1 quarter 2023 3 rd July : Turnover for the 2 nd quarter 2023July : Turnover for the 2 quarter 2023 19 th July : Half-yearly results 2023July : Half-yearly results 2023 2nd October : Turnover for the 3rd quarter 2023About ArganARGAN is the only French real estate company specialized in the DEVELOPMENT & RENTAL OF PREMIUM WAREHOUSES listed on EURONEXT. As of 31st December 2022  ARGAN’s portfolio amounted to 3.5 million sqm  comprising approximately 100 warehouses located exclusively in France  valued at €4.0 billion. ARGAN is listed on Compartment A of Euronext Paris (ISIN FR0010481960 - ARG) and is included in the CAC All-Share  IEIF SIIC France and EPRA Europ indices. The company opted for the listed real estate investment companies (SIICs) tax regime since 01st July 2007.www.argan.frFrancis Albertinelli - Directeur Administratif et FinancierAymar de Germay – Secrétaire généralTél : 01 47 47 05 46E-mail : contact@argan.frwww.argan.frAude Vayre – Relations presseTél : 06 14 64 15 65E-mail : argan@citigatedewerogerson.comAttachment",neutral,0.03,0.97,0.0,mixed,0.74,0.07,0.2,True,English,"['old warehouses', 'ARGAN', 'future', 'proof', 'Secrétaire général', '9-year firm lease contract', 'real estate investment companies', 'French real estate company', 'French regulatory constraints', 'SCI CARGAN LOG', 'fire safety systems', 'Major renovation work', 'Jean-Claude Le Lan', 'EPRA Europ indices', 'SIICs) tax regime', 'Aymar de Germay', 'independent logistics operator', 'PARAGON SUPPLY SERVICES', 'The PAC Group', 'rapid full rental', '300 sq m showroom', 'IEIF SIIC France', 'ARGAN Supervisory Board', 'two logistics sites', 'The Rognac site', 'The Lens site', '12-year lease', 'four companies', 'logistics zone', 'high constraints', 'two sites', 'two projects', 'two operators', 'GROUPE PAC', 'corporate magazine', 'concrete answer', 'complete restructuring', 'land use', 'latest standards', 'A7 motorway', 'historic industrial', 'second tenant', 'office block', 'prime location', 'immediate proximity', 'A21 motorway', 'easy access', 'northern region', 'dock doors', 'circular economy', 'old buildings', 'current standards', 'ideal location', 'best proof', 'constrained environment', 'class B', 'C buildings', 'Financial calendar', 'Press release', 'stock exchange', 'General Meeting', 'Half-yearly results', '2nd October', '31st December', '3.5 million sqm', 'Compartment A', 'CAC All-Share', 'Francis Albertinelli', 'Directeur Administratif', 'Tél', 'Aude Vayre', 'Relations presse', 'old warehouses', 'premium warehouses', 'two metropolis', '1 st quarter', '2 nd quarter', '3rd quarter', 'garage equipment', 'logistical distribution', 'customised products', 'modern project', 'Euronext Paris', '01st July', 'Lens building', '100 warehouses', '1 quarter', '2 quarter', '22,700 sq', '7,400 sq', '1,500 sq', '27,700 sq', 'future', 'question', 'development', '1980s', '1990s', 'heart', 'Marseilles', 'line', 'operation', '30 years', 'joint-venture', 'CARREFOUR', 'surface', 'Specialist', 'consumables', 'customers', 'roads', 'facade', '250,000 inhabitants', 'B2B', 'B2C', 'roadways', 'levellers', 'lighting', 'LED', 'Chairman', 'credo', 'successful', 'relevance', 'type', 'response', 'March', 'April', 'Turnover', 'portfolio', 'ISIN', 'Financier', 'mail', 'Attachment', '15,300', '23']",2023-03-22,2023-03-23,marketscreener.com
21134,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/SEQUANA-MEDICAL-N-V-54548256/news/Sequana-Medical-N-announces-additional-patents-for-DSR-in-China-and-the-United-States-43307713/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230322,Sequana Medical N : announces additional patents for DSR® in China and the United States,(marketscreener.com)  Ghent  Belgium - 22 March 2023- Sequana Medical NV   a pioneer in the treatment of fluid overload in liver disease  heart failure and cancer  today announces further strengthening of the intellectual property portfolio for its DSR progr…,"Ghent  Belgium - 22 March 2023- Sequana Medical NV (Euronext Brussels: SEQUA) (the ""Company"" or ""SequanaMedical"")  a pioneer in the treatment of fluid overload in liver disease  heart failure and cancer  today announces further strengthening of the intellectual property portfolio for its DSR (Direct Sodium Removal) program. A key composition of matter patent was allowed in China and an additional patent on the method of operation was granted in the US.Chinese patent application number 201880045801.6 was allowed on 7 March 2023. This key patent entitled ""Direct sodium removal method  solution and apparatus to reduce fluid overload in heart failure patients"" has already been granted in the US and Europe and is pending in other regions such as Australia  Canada and Japan. It protects the use of a sodium-free or low-sodium infusate that is administered into a patient's peritoneal cavity to directly remove sodium  and thereby fluid from the body to alleviate fluid overload in heart failure patients with residual renal function.US patent number 11 602 583 B2 was granted on 14 March 2023 and covers the expansion of the method of operation for Sequana Medical's DSR therapy using an implantable pump system. While the Company's current focus is on Short Term DSR therapy using a peritoneal catheter  the additional US patent granted gives further flexibility to use implantable pump systems  such as its alfapump®  to provide patients with long-term support.To date  Sequana Medical has filed 16 patents for its DSR program of which 6 have been granted  covering a broad range of aspects  both for the method of operation and composition of matter.Ian Crosbie  Chief Executive Officer of Sequana Medical  commented: ""As the evidence for DSR's disease-modifying effect in heart failure grows  we continue to build a strong patent portfolio for our DSR program and the patent allowed in China is an important international reinforcement of that. Cardiovascular disease is the leading cause of healthcare burden in China with 4.5 million people suffering from heart failure.[1] The Chinese market offers huge potential for DSR where we believe it represents a compelling treatment option in this large and growing heart failure market.""Following the long-lasting clinical benefits observed in our RED DESERT and SAHARA proof-of-concept studies  we are focusing on Short Term DSR therapy using a peritoneal catheter. Use of DSR therapy with an implantable pump system such as our alfapump could be of great relevance in particular populations of congestive heart failure patients requiring regular DSR therapy. Today's announcement gives this approach further strong patent protection.""For more information  please contact:Sequana MedicalLies VannesteDirector Investor RelationsE: IR@sequanamedical.comT: +32 (0)498 053579Optimum Strategic CommunicationsNick Bastin  Jonathan Edwards  Vici RabbettsE: Sequana@optimumcomms.comT: +44 (0) 208 078 4357About DSR in congestive heart failureSequana Medical considers its proprietary DSR to be a disease modifying therapy for congestive heart failure. Fluid accumulation in heart failure patients is caused by the retention of too much sodium. The DSR drug-based approach directly tackles this key clinical problem of sodium overload  and works in partnership with the kidneys to safely and rapidly eliminate the excess fluid. Complementary to existing heart failure therapies  clinical proof-of-concept studies using the Company's first-generation DSR product (DSR 1.0) have shown that DSR can i) safely  effectively and rapidly eliminate fluid overload in heart failure patients  ii) improve the health of the heart and preserve renal function  and iii) restore the ability of the kidney to manage the fluid and sodium naturally  resulting in a large and long-lasting reduction in the need for diuretic drugs. In DSR treated patients  there have been no congestion-related re-hospitalizations during the study follow-up period  all patients improved their NYHA status by at least one class and the clinical benefits observed in the clinical studies resulted in a 75% reduction in predicted one-year mortality of patients pre- vs. post-intensive DSR therapy based on the Seattle Heart Failure Model. The Company is currently preparing an IND application for its second-generation DSR product (DSR 2.0) in the US and plans to begin a US randomized controlled Phase 1/2a clinical trial in Q2 2023.About Sequana MedicalSequana Medical NV is a pioneer in treating fluid overload  a serious and frequent clinical complication in patients with liver disease  heart failure and cancer. These patients can have up to 15 liters of extra fluid in their bodies  causing major medical issues including increased mortality  repeated hospitalizations  severe pain  difficult breathing and restricted mobility that severely impacts daily life. Although diuretics are standard of care  the problem is that in many patients they are no longer effective and / or tolerable. There are limited effective treatment options for these patients  resulting in poor clinical outcomes  high costs and a major impact on their quality of life. Sequana Medical is seeking to provide innovative treatment options for this large and growing ""diuretic-resistant"" patient population.alfapump® and DSR® are Sequana Medical's proprietary platforms that work with the body to treat diuretic-resistant fluid overload  delivering major clinical and quality of life benefits for patients and reducing costs for healthcare systems. The Company has reported positive primary endpoint data from the North American pivotal POSEIDON trial of the alfapump in recurrent or refractory ascites due to liver cirrhosis  enabling the filing of a Pre-Market Approval (PMA) application with the FDA  planned for H2 2023. Having delivered clinical proof-of-concept for DSR as a disease-modifying drug program for the treatment of heart failure  the Company is planning to commence MOJAVE  a US multi-centered randomized controlled Phase 1/2a clinical trial of DSR 2.0  in Q2 2023.Sequana Medical is listed on Euronext Brussels (Ticker: SEQUA.BR) and headquartered in Ghent  Belgium. For further information  please visit www.sequanamedical.com.Important Regulatory DisclaimersThe alfapump® system is currently not approved in the United States or Canada. In the United States and Canada  the alfapump system is currently under clinical investigation (POSEIDON Trial) and is being studied in adult patients with refractory or recurrent ascites due to cirrhosis. For more information regarding the POSEIDON clinical trial see www.poseidonstudy.com. DSR® therapy is still in development and it should be noted that any statements regarding safety and efficacy arise from ongoing pre-clinical and clinical investigations which have yet to be completed. DSR therapy is currently not approved for clinical research in the United States or Canada. There is no link between DSR therapy and ongoing investigations with the alfapump system in Europe  the United States or Canada.Note: alfapump® is a registered trademark. DSR® is a registered trademark in the Benelux  China  the EU  United Kingdom  and Hong Kong.Forward-looking statementsThis press release may contain predictions  estimates or other information that might be considered forward-looking statements. Such forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance. These forward-looking statements represent the current judgment of Sequana Medical on what the future holds  and are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially. Sequana Medical expressly disclaims any obligation or undertaking to release any updates or revisions to any forward-looking statements in this press release  except if specifically required to do so by law or regulation. You should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements  which reflect the opinions of Sequana Medical only as of the date of this press release.[1] Weiwei et al.  European Heart Journal Supplements (2016)  European Society of Cardiology",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.14,0.08,0.78,True,English,"['Sequana Medical N', 'additional patents', 'United States', 'DSR®', 'China', 'US randomized controlled Phase 1/2a clinical trial', 'Lies Vanneste Director Investor Relations', 'limited effective treatment options', 'existing heart failure therapies', 'Seattle Heart Failure Model', 'growing heart failure market', 'Short Term DSR therapy', 'Chinese patent application number', 'The DSR drug-based approach', 'Direct sodium removal method', 'congestive heart failure patients', 'The Chinese market', 'frequent clinical complication', 'intellectual property portfolio', 'implantable pump system', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'important international reinforcement', 'Optimum Strategic Communications', 'study follow-up period', 'up to 15 liters', 'US patent number', 'compelling treatment option', 'strong patent portfolio', 'strong patent protection', 'major medical issues', 'disease modifying therapy', 'long-lasting clinical benefits', 'regular DSR therapy', 'first-generation DSR product', 'post-intensive DSR therapy', 'second-generation DSR product', 'residual renal function', 'additional US patent', 'key clinical problem', 'Sequana Medical NV', 'clinical proof', 'clinical studies', 'additional patent', 'IND application', 'key patent', 'liver disease', 'Cardiovascular disease', 'The Company', 'DSR program', 'proprietary DSR', 'matter patent', 'Euronext Brussels', 'other regions', 'low-sodium infusate', 'peritoneal cavity', 'current focus', 'peritoneal catheter', 'long-term support', 'broad range', 'Ian Crosbie', 'disease-modifying effect', 'leading cause', 'healthcare burden', '4.5 million people', 'huge potential', 'RED DESERT', 'SAHARA proof', 'concept studies', 'great relevance', 'particular populations', 'Nick Bastin', 'Jonathan Edwards', 'Vici Rabbetts', 'long-lasting reduction', 'diuretic drugs', 'congestion-related re-hospitalizations', 'NYHA status', 'one class', 'repeated hospitalizations', 'severe pain', 'difficult breathing', 'restricted mobility', 'daily life', 'many patients', 'key composition', 'fluid overload', 'Fluid accumulation', 'sodium overload', 'excess fluid', 'extra fluid', 'one-year mortality', '75% reduction', 'Ghent', 'Belgium', '22 March', 'SequanaMedical', 'pioneer', 'cancer', 'strengthening', 'China', 'operation', '7 March', 'solution', 'Europe', 'Australia', 'Canada', 'Japan', 'sodium-free', 'body', '2,583 B2', '14 March', 'expansion', 'flexibility', 'alfapump®', 'date', '16 patents', 'aspects', 'evidence', 'large', 'announcement', 'information', 'retention', 'partnership', 'kidneys', 'ability', 'need', 'Q2', 'serious', 'bodies', 'increased', 'diuretics', 'standard', '44']",2023-03-22,2023-03-23,marketscreener.com
21135,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/STELLANTIS-N-V-117814143/news/Stellantis-and-Credit-Agricole-Consumer-Finance-Joint-Venture-Plans-to-Acquire-Activities-of-ALD-in-43306025/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230322,Stellantis and Crédit Agricole Consumer Finance Joint Venture Plans to Acquire Activities of ALD in Portugal and LeasePlan in Luxembourg,(marketscreener.com) Stellantis and Crédit Agricole Consumer Finance Joint Venture Plans to Acquire Activities of ALD in Portugal and LeasePlan in Luxembourg NewCo  resulting from the consolidation of Leasys and Free2move Lease and owned equally by Stellantis…,Stellantis and Crédit Agricole Consumer Finance Joint Venture Plans to Acquire Activities of ALD in Portugal and LeasePlan in LuxembourgNewCo   resulting from the consolidation of Leasys and Free2 m ove Lease and owned equally by Stellantis and Crédit Agricole Consumer Finance  continues to strengthen its position to be a leading leasing provider in EuropeRepresents another strategic move from Stellantis’ Financial Services business to contribute to Dare Forward 2030 ambitionsAMSTERDAM  March 22  2023 - Stellantis and Crédit Agricole Consumer Finance today announce that they have signed a binding agreement for the acquisition of ALD and LeasePlan’s activities in Portugal and Luxembourg  respectively  following ALD’s proposed acquisition of 100% of LeasePlan announced in January 2022. This announcement constitutes an immediate acceleration of the two companies’ ambitions in mobility and vehicle long-term leasing.This announcement follows the partnership agreements between Stellantis and Crédit Agricole Consumer Finance announced in December 2021 regarding the creation of a common NewCo  a European leader in long-term vehicle leasing  and the takeover by Crédit Agricole Consumer Finance of 100% of FCA Bank’s capital.“The acquisition of the entities in Portugal and Luxembourg is an excellent opportunity to strengthen the NewCo right from the start and an extra lever to increase its fleet to one million vehicles by 2026 as part of our aggressive Dare Forward 2030 strategy ” said Philippe de Rovira  Stellantis Chief Affiliates Officer. “Together  Leasys and Free2move Lease currently represent a fleet of approximately 828 000 vehicles.”Stellantis and Crédit Agricole Consumer Finance also announce the signing of an agreement relating to the sale of ALD’s activities in Ireland  Norway and Portugal  as well as LeasePlan’s activities in the Czech Republic  Finland and Luxembourg. These disposals would take place according to the commitments made by ALD to the European Commission in connection with the proposed acquisition of LeasePlan by ALD.The acquisition would be carried out by FCA Bank  then followed by a division of the acquired scope between:the NewCo resulting from the consolidation of Leasys and Free2move Lease and owned equally by Crédit Agricole Consumer Finance and Stellantis  which would host the activities of ALD in Portugal and LeasePlan in Luxembourg for a total approximately 30 000 vehicles; and the entity formed by the takeover by Crédit Agricole Consumer Finance of 100% of the capital of FCA Bank and Drivalia  which would host the activities of ALD in Ireland and Norway and of LeasePlan in the Czech Republic and in Finland.With respect to the division of the acquired scope  the two entities will effectively act in a consistent and integrated approach  especially with respect to international customers  for which an enhanced cooperation between the two entities is foreseen.This transaction would consolidate the partnership between Stellantis and Crédit Agricole Consumer Finance and accelerate the development of the two companies in strategic European countries  in line with the ambitions of the two companies to be ranked among the European leaders in automotive financing.The completion of the transaction  expected in the course of 2023 well after the closing of the creation of the NewCo  is subject to the customary conditions precedent in this area  namely the completion of the acquisition of LeasePlan by ALD and the approval of the competent authorities.# # #About StellantisStellantis N.V. (NYSE: STLA / Euronext Milan: STLAM / Euronext Paris: STLAP) is one of the world's leading automakers and a mobility provider. Its storied and iconic brands embody the passion of their visionary founders and today’s customers in their innovative products and services  including Abarth  Alfa Romeo  Chrysler  Citroën  Dodge  DS Automobiles  Fiat  Jeep ®   Lancia  Maserati  Opel  Peugeot  Ram  Vauxhall  Free2move and Leasys. Powered by our diversity  we lead the way the world moves – aspiring to become the greatest sustainable mobility tech company  not the biggest  while creating added value for all stakeholders as well as the communities in which it operates. For more information  visit www.stellantis.com.@Stellantis Stellantis Stellantis StellantisFor more information  contact:communications@stellantis.comwww.stellantis.comFORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTSThis communication contains forward-looking statements. In particular  statements regarding future events and anticipated results of operations  business strategies  the anticipated benefits of the proposed transaction  future financial and operating results  the anticipated closing date for the proposed transaction and other anticipated aspects of our operations or operating results are forward-looking statements. These statements may include terms such as “may”  “will”  “expect”  “could”  “should”  “intend”  “estimate”  “anticipate”  “believe”  “remain”  “on track”  “design”  “target”  “objective”  “goal”  “forecast”  “projection”  “outlook”  “prospects”  “plan”  or similar terms. Forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance. Rather  they are based on Stellantis’ current state of knowledge  future expectations and projections about future events and are by their nature  subject to inherent risks and uncertainties. They relate to events and depend on circumstances that may or may not occur or exist in the future and  as such  undue reliance should not be placed on them.Actual results may differ materially from those expressed in forward-looking statements as a result of a variety of factors  including: the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic  the ability of Stellantis to launch new products successfully and to maintain vehicle shipment volumes; changes in the global financial markets  general economic environment and changes in demand for automotive products  which is subject to cyclicality; changes in local economic and political conditions  changes in trade policy and the imposition of global and regional tariffs or tariffs targeted to the automotive industry  the enactment of tax reforms or other changes in tax laws and regulations; Stellantis’ ability to expand certain of their brands globally; its ability to offer innovative  attractive products; its ability to develop  manufacture and sell vehicles with advanced features including enhanced electrification  connectivity and autonomous-driving characteristics; various types of claims  lawsuits  governmental investigations and other contingencies  including product liability and warranty claims and environmental claims  investigations and lawsuits; material operating expenditures in relation to compliance with environmental  health and safety regulations; the intense level of competition in the automotive industry  which may increase due to consolidation; exposure to shortfalls in the funding of Stellantis’ defined benefit pension plans; the ability to provide or arrange for access to adequate financing for dealers and retail customers and associated risks related to the establishment and operations of financial services companies; the ability to access funding to execute Stellantis’ business plans and improve its businesses  financial condition and results of operations; a significant malfunction  disruption or security breach compromising information technology systems or the electronic control systems contained in Stellantis’ vehicles; Stellantis’ ability to realize anticipated benefits from joint venture arrangements; disruptions arising from political  social and economic instability; risks associated with our relationships with employees  dealers and suppliers; increases in costs  disruptions of supply or shortages of raw materials  parts  components and systems used in Stellantis’ vehicles; developments in labor and industrial relations and developments in applicable labor laws; exchange rate fluctuations  interest rate changes  credit risk and other market risks; political and civil unrest; earthquakes or other disasters; risks and other items described in the Company’s Annual Report on Form 20-F for the year ended December 31  2022 and Current Reports on Form 6-K and amendments thereto filed with the SEC; and other risks and uncertainties.Any forward-looking statements contained in this communication speak only as of the date of this document and Stellantis disclaims any obligation to update or revise publicly forward-looking statements. Further information concerning Stellantis and its businesses  including factors that could materially affect Stellantis’ financial results  is included in Stellantis’ reports and filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission and AFM.Attachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.86,0.13,0.0,True,English,"['Crédit Agricole Consumer Finance Joint Venture Plans', 'Stellantis', 'Activities', 'ALD', 'Portugal', 'LeasePlan', 'Luxembourg', 'Crédit Agricole Consumer Finance Joint Venture Plans', 'greatest sustainable mobility tech company', 'aggressive Dare Forward 2030 strategy', 'Free2 m ove Lease', 'Stellantis Chief Affiliates Officer', 'Dare Forward 2030 ambitions', 'vehicle long-term leasing', 'long-term vehicle leasing', 'Philippe de Rovira', 'customary conditions precedent', 'other anticipated aspects', 'leading leasing provider', 'strategic European countries', 'one million vehicles', 'Financial Services business', 'Stellantis N.V.', 'two companies’ ambitions', 'mobility provider', 'strategic move', 'leading automakers', 'Citroën', 'anticipated results', 'business strategies', 'future financial', 'Free2move Lease', 'European leader', 'European Commission', 'immediate acceleration', 'FCA Bank', 'excellent opportunity', 'extra lever', 'Czech Republic', 'integrated approach', 'enhanced cooperation', 'automotive financing', 'competent authorities', 'Euronext Milan', 'Euronext Paris', 'iconic brands', 'visionary founders', 'innovative products', 'Alfa Romeo', 'DS Automobiles', 'future events', 'operating results', 'two entities', 'FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS', 'binding agreement', 'partnership agreements', 'international customers', 'closing date', 'common NewCo', 'Stellantis Stellantis', '828,000 vehicles', '30,000 vehicles', 'Activities', 'ALD', 'Portugal', 'LeasePlan', 'Luxembourg', 'consolidation', 'Leasys', 'position', 'AMSTERDAM', 'acquisition', 'January', 'announcement', 'December', 'creation', 'takeover', 'capital', 'start', 'fleet', 'signing', 'sale', 'Ireland', 'Norway', 'Finland', 'disposals', 'place', 'commitments', 'connection', 'division', 'scope', 'total', 'entity', 'Drivalia', 'respect', 'consistent', 'transaction', 'development', 'line', 'completion', 'course', 'area', 'approval', 'NYSE', 'STLA', 'world', 'storied', 'passion', 'Abarth', 'Chrysler', 'Dodge', 'Fiat', 'Jeep', 'Lancia', 'Maserati', 'Opel', 'Peugeot', 'Ram', 'Vauxhall', 'diversity', 'value', 'stakeholders', 'communities', 'information', 'communication', 'operations', 'benefits', 'terms', 'may', 'track', 'design', 'target']",2023-03-22,2023-03-23,marketscreener.com
21136,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/HAULOTTE-GROUP-4684/news/Haulotte-2022-Annual-Results-43313052/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230322,Haulotte : 2022 Annual Results,(marketscreener.com)          HAULOTTE : Annual Results       Financial Information     Lorette  March 22nd ...https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/HAULOTTE-GROUP-4684/news/Haulotte-2022-Annual-Results-43313052/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_c…,Audit procedures on the financial statements have been completed; the auditors report will be issued after verification of all the legal documentsThe changes and amounts presented below are at constant exchange rates  excluding IAS 29 (hyperinflation in Argentina and Turkey) and IFRS 16 (leases)In 2022  the global aerial work platform market confirmed the clear rebound observed in 2021 and reached its highest level ever  driven by all geographical areas. In this context  Group sales reached € 609.7 million in 2022  compared to €495.8 million the previous year  representing an increase of +18% between the two years.In line with the first half of the year  the Group posted a current operating income of €(4.9) million (excluding exchange gains and losses)  or -0.8% of 2022 revenue  down by € -21.5 million compared to 2021. The significant increase in the price of components  transport and energy costs of nearly €(47.8) million  as well as the €(14.7) million increase in fixed costs linked to the structuring of China and the United States  in a more inflationary global environment  have weighed heavily on it. At the same time  these increases were only partially offset by volume growth limited by component shortages and the measured impact of price increase  due to the history and the depth of the order book.In the end  2022 net income was €(17.5) million  with the second half marked by an unfavorable foreign exchange environment (mainly the US dollar)  with the Group recording foreign exchange losses of €(2.9) million for the year  compared with gains of €6.7 million in 2021.In this unprecedented context of strong business growth and multiple operational disruptions  Haulotte's net debt (excluding guarantees) increased by € +105.1 million to €246 million  mainly driven by a €92.3 million increase in working capital requirement  largely due to the decision taken by the Group to increase inventory levels in order to support increased production rates and to be able to respond to the strong growth in the order book.As a reminder  on June 28  2022  Haulotte obtained a €96 million State Guaranteed Loan from all of the lenders of its syndicated loan as well as from BPI France. In addition  a waiver request concerning the compliance of the ratios for the period of December 2022 was submitted to all the lenders and unanimously and unconditionally accepted on December 23  2022.2023 Outlook:Driven by a historic order book  the observed reduction in supply tensions  and the increase in its selling prices  Haulotte expects its sales to grow by more than +20% in 2023 and to return to a level of current operating margin (excluding exchange gains and losses) between 3% and 4%.Dividend:It will propose at the Annual General Meeting on May 23 that no dividend be distributed for 2022.Download the Consolidated financial statements extractUpcoming events:Q1 Sales: April 25  2023Annual General Meeting: May 23  2023CONTACTSAlexandre SAUBOT Carine PLOTON Tél. : +33 (0)6 81 44 35 66 Tél. : +33 (0)6 81 44 35 66 relation-investisseurs@haulotte.com relation-investisseurs@haulotte.comCodes : ISIN : FR0000066755- BLOOMBERG : PIG FP - REUTER : PYHE . PAEuronext Paris Compartiment B - Indices : CACS,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.06,0.93,True,English,"['2022 Annual Results', 'Haulotte', 'Alexandre SAUBOT Carine PLOTON Tél', 'global aerial work platform market', 'Euronext Paris Compartiment B', 'Consolidated financial statements extract', 'unfavorable foreign exchange environment', '€96 million State Guaranteed Loan', 'inflationary global environment', 'multiple operational disruptions', 'working capital requirement', 'current operating margin', 'Annual General Meeting', 'current operating income', 'constant exchange rates', 'Tél.', 'foreign exchange losses', 'strong business growth', 'historic order book', 'strong growth', '2022 net income', 'production rates', 'exchange gains', 'volume growth', '€(14.7) million increase', '€92.3 million increase', 'Audit procedures', 'auditors report', 'legal documents', 'clear rebound', 'geographical areas', 'two years', 'first half', 'energy costs', 'fixed costs', 'United States', 'same time', 'component shortages', 'second half', 'US dollar', 'net debt', 'inventory levels', 'BPI France', 'waiver request', 'supply tensions', 'selling prices', 'Upcoming events', 'PIG FP', 'significant increase', 'Q1 Sales', 'highest level', 'unprecedented context', 'previous year', 'price increase', 'Group sales', 'verification', 'changes', 'amounts', 'IAS', 'hyperinflation', 'Argentina', 'Turkey', 'IFRS', 'leases', 'line', '2022 revenue', 'components', 'transport', 'China', 'increases', 'impact', 'history', 'depth', 'end', 'Haulotte', 'guarantees', 'decision', 'reminder', 'June', 'syndicated', 'addition', 'compliance', 'ratios', 'period', 'December', '2023 Outlook', 'reduction', 'May', 'April', 'CONTACTS', 'investisseurs', 'Codes', 'ISIN', 'BLOOMBERG', 'REUTER', 'PYHE', 'Indices', 'CACS']",2023-03-22,2023-03-23,marketscreener.com
21137,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/D-IETEREN-GROUP-5994/news/D-Ieteren-Repurchase-and-disposal-of-own-shares-43313054/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230322,D'Ieteren : Repurchase and disposal of own shares,(marketscreener.com) 22 Mar 2023 - Own shares   Repurchase and disposal of own shares related to share buyback programme  option scheme and liquidity contract     - This is an abstract. For further details  please refer to the full press release -  …,"22 Mar 2023 - Own sharesRepurchase and disposal of own shares related to share buyback programme  option scheme and liquidity contract- This is an abstract. For further details  please refer to the full press release -In accordance with articles 8:4 and 8:6 of the Royal Decree of 29 April 2019 implementing the Code on Companies and Associations  D'Ieteren Group announces today the purchase and disposal of treasury shares on the regulated market of Euronext Brussels and / or an MTF between 15 and 21 March 2023.The extraordinary shareholders' meeting of D'Ieteren Group renewed on 31 May 2018 the powers of the board of directors to acquire and dispose of own shares for a period of 5 years.The total number of own shares held by D'Ieteren Group reached 1 402 645 on 21 March 2023. The total number of ordinary shares equals 54 367 928.- End of abstract -In existence since 1805  and across family generations  D'Ieteren Group seeks growth and value creation by pursuing a strategy on the long term for its businesses and actively encouraging and supporting them to develop their position in their industry and geographies. The Group currently owns the following businesses:Belron (50.01%) has a clear purpose: ""making a difference by solving people's problems with real care"". It is the worldwide leader in vehicle glass repair and replacement and operates in 37 countries  through wholly owned businesses and franchises  with market leading brands - including Carglass®  Safelite® and Autoglass®. In addition  Belron manages vehicle glass and other insurance claims on behalf of insurance customers. Sales and adjusted operating result reached respectively €5 574m and €1 017m in FY-22.(50.01%) has a clear purpose: ""making a difference by solving people's problems with real care"". It is the worldwide leader in vehicle glass repair and replacement and operates in 37 countries  through wholly owned businesses and franchises  with market leading brands - including Carglass®  Safelite® and Autoglass®. In addition  Belron manages vehicle glass and other insurance claims on behalf of insurance customers. Sales and adjusted operating result reached respectively €5 574m and €1 017m in FY-22. D'Ieteren Automotive (100%) distributes Volkswagen  Audi  SEAT  Škoda  Bentley  Lamborghini  Bugatti  Cupra  Rimac  Microlino  Maserati and Porsche vehicles in Belgium. It has a market share of 22.5% and 1.2 million vehicles on the road. Its business model is evolving towards ""improving the lives of citizens with fluid  accessible and sustainable mobility"". Sales and adjusted operating result reached respectively €3 610m and €139m in FY-22.(100%) distributes Volkswagen  Audi  SEAT  Škoda  Bentley  Lamborghini  Bugatti  Cupra  Rimac  Microlino  Maserati and Porsche vehicles in Belgium. It has a market share of 22.5% and 1.2 million vehicles on the road. Its business model is evolving towards ""improving the lives of citizens with fluid  accessible and sustainable mobility"". Sales and adjusted operating result reached respectively €3 610m and €139m in FY-22. PHE (c.91%) is a leader in the independent distribution of spare parts for vehicles in Western Europe  present in France  Belgium  The Netherlands  Luxemburg  Italy and Spain. Its mission aims at ""promoting affordable and sustainable mobility"". It generated sales of €2 260m and adjusted operating result of €178m in FY-22.(c.91%) is a leader in the independent distribution of spare parts for vehicles in Western Europe  present in France  Belgium  The Netherlands  Luxemburg  Italy and Spain. Its mission aims at ""promoting affordable and sustainable mobility"". It generated sales of €2 260m and adjusted operating result of €178m in FY-22. TVH (40%)  is a leading global independent distributor for aftermarket parts for material handling  construction & industrial  and agricultural equipment. It operates in 26 countries worldwide. It has a unique operating model and has a clear purpose of ""keeping customers going and growing"". It generated sales of €1 622m and an adjusted operating profit of €258m in FY-22.(40%)  is a leading global independent distributor for aftermarket parts for material handling  construction & industrial  and agricultural equipment. It operates in 26 countries worldwide. It has a unique operating model and has a clear purpose of ""keeping customers going and growing"". It generated sales of €1 622m and an adjusted operating profit of €258m in FY-22. Moleskine (100%) is a premium and aspirational lifestyle brand which develops and sells iconic branded notebooks and writing  travel and reading accessories through a global multichannel platform. Its purpose is to ""unleash the human genius through hands on paper to empower creativity and knowledge in each individual and the entire world"". Sales and adjusted operating result reached respectively €143m and €21m in FY-22.(100%) is a premium and aspirational lifestyle brand which develops and sells iconic branded notebooks and writing  travel and reading accessories through a global multichannel platform. Its purpose is to ""unleash the human genius through hands on paper to empower creativity and knowledge in each individual and the entire world"". Sales and adjusted operating result reached respectively €143m and €21m in FY-22. D'Ieteren Immo (100%) groups together the Belgian real estate interests of D'Ieteren Group. It owns and manages 35 sites which generated €22.3m net rental income in FY-22. It also pursues investment projects and carries out studies into possible site renovations.Francis Deprez  Chief Executive OfficerArnaud Laviolette  Chief Financial OfficerStéphanie Voisin  Investor Relations - Tel: + 32 (0)2 536.54.39E-mail: financial.communication@dieterengroup.com - Website: www.dieterengroup.com",neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,positive,0.82,0.05,0.13,True,English,"[""D'Ieteren"", 'Repurchase', 'disposal', 'shares', 'leading global independent distributor', 'global multichannel platform', 'full press release', ""extraordinary shareholders' meeting"", ""D'Ieteren Automotive"", 'aspirational lifestyle brand', 'iconic branded notebooks', ""D'Ieteren Group"", 'other insurance claims', 'share buyback programme', 'vehicle glass repair', 'unique operating model', 'leading brands', 'independent distribution', 'The Group', 'business model', 'operating result', 'operating profit', 'option scheme', 'liquidity contract', 'Royal Decree', 'Euronext Brussels', 'total number', 'family generations', 'value creation', 'long term', 'real care', 'insurance customers', 'fluid, accessible', 'sustainable mobility', 'spare parts', 'Western Europe', 'The Netherlands', 'aftermarket parts', 'material handling', 'agricultural equipment', 'human genius', 'entire world', 'market share', 'clear purpose', 'Porsche vehicles', '1.2 million vehicles', 'regulated market', 'Own shares', 'treasury shares', 'ordinary shares', 'worldwide leader', 'following businesses', 'Repurchase', 'disposal', 'abstract', 'details', 'accordance', 'articles', '29 April', 'Code', 'Companies', 'Associations', 'MTF', '21 March', '31 May', 'powers', 'board', 'directors', 'period', '5 years', 'existence', 'growth', 'strategy', 'position', 'industry', 'geographies', 'Belron', 'difference', 'people', 'problems', 'replacement', '37 countries', 'franchises', 'Carglass®', 'Safelite', 'Autoglass', 'addition', 'behalf', 'Sales', 'adjusted', 'FY-22', 'Volkswagen', 'Audi', 'SEAT', 'Škoda', 'Bentley', 'Lamborghini', 'Bugatti', 'Cupra', 'Rimac', 'Microlino', 'Maserati', 'Belgium', 'road', 'lives', 'citizens', 'PHE', 'France', 'Luxemburg', 'Italy', 'Spain', 'mission', 'affordable', 'TVH', 'construction', 'industrial', '26 countries', 'Moleskine', 'premium', 'travel', 'accessories', 'hands', 'paper', 'creativity', 'knowledge', 'individual', '15']",2023-03-22,2023-03-23,marketscreener.com
21138,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/EBUSCO-HOLDING-N-V-128408817/news/Ebusco-N-solidifies-partnership-with-Qbuzz-with-order-of-up-to-63-buses-43306668/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230322,Ebusco N : solidifies partnership with Qbuzz with order of up to 63 buses,(marketscreener.com)    Deurne  22 March 2023 - Ebusco   a pioneer and frontrunner in the development of electric buses and charging systems  has signed a new contract with Qbuzz for the delivery of up to 63 buses. The order involves 45 Ebusco 3.0 12-meter…,Deurne  22 March 2023 - Ebusco (Euronext: EBUS)  a pioneer and frontrunner in the development of electric buses and charging systems  has signed a new contract with Qbuzz for the delivery of up to 63 buses. The order involves 45 Ebusco 3.0 12-meter buses and 18 Ebusco 3.0 18-meter buses  four of which are still under option. The buses will hit the road in the provinces Groningen and Drenthe in 2024.Qbuzz will deploy the buses on behalf of OV-bureau Groningen-Drenthe in the provinces of Groningen and Drenthe. The 12-meter buses will mainly be used for regional transport  while the 18-meter buses will operate under the Q-link flag on lines 5 and 6 nearby the city of Groningen. Both variants of the Ebusco 3.0 for Qbuzz will be equipped with an extra-large battery pack (>500kWh)  which is unique for the 12-meter variant. Combined with the bus's lightweight design  this means the operator can rely on extremely low energy consumption and an extra-long range needed for successful regional and BRT transport.Qbuzz is one of the five largest regional transport operators in the Netherlands. With its network of buses  trams and trains  the operator moves around 85 million passengers from A to B every year. Besides the Groningen-Drenthe region  the operator is also responsible for public transport in the Utrecht and Drechtsteden-Molenlanden-Gorinchem regions. In Groningen-Drenthe  the operator has a fleet of around 400 buses  which will now partially be replaced by up to 63 Ebusco 3.0 buses.Ebusco has been working with Qbuzz for several years now and has already provided the operator with circa 130 electric buses. Under the Qbuzz umbrella  the Ebusco 2.2 buses are already operating in the cities of Utrecht  Groningen and Dordrecht  amongst others. In the Groningen-Drenthe region  the operator already has 60 Ebusco buses in operation  covering around 100 000 km per bus annually. As a result  with the Ebusco 2.2 fleet in Groningen-Drenthe Qbuzz has already achieved savings of roughly 5 500 000 kg CO2 and 9 500 000 kg nitrogen per year. With the Ebusco 3.0  Qbuzz will reduce its carbon footprint even further.Steven van der Burg  Sales Director at Ebusco  explains: « We are extremely proud that Qbuzz has once again chosen Ebusco. In recent years  we have already delivered more than 100 electric buses to Qbuzz. The fact that Qbuzz selected us again after the success of the Ebusco 2.2  is proof that with the Ebusco 3.0 we have taken the right path to take emission-free public transport to an even higher level. We thus look forward to continuing our cooperation with Qbuzz to continue our road to zero emission. »Dirk Huzeling  Creative Bid Manager at Qbuzz  responds: « Over the past few years  we have already experienced the success of the Ebusco buses on the road. With the Ebusco 2.2 buses we already drive between 350 and 375 electric kilometers per day  while recharging at our depots from time to time. We are very pleased to now also add the Ebusco 3.0 to our fleet and are confident that this lightweight bus will deliver an even better range in combination with the large battery pack. This will allow us to increase the sustainability of public transport in the provinces of Drenthe and Groningen to a greater extent. »,neutral,0.04,0.96,0.0,positive,0.75,0.25,0.0,True,English,"['Ebusco N', 'partnership', 'Qbuzz', 'order', 'up', '63 buses', 'five largest regional transport operators', 'Steven van der Burg', 'extra-large battery pack', 'low energy consumption', 'Creative Bid Manager', 'emission-free public transport', 'circa 130 electric buses', '18 Ebusco 3.0 18-meter buses', '45 Ebusco 3.0 12-meter buses', 'successful regional', 'BRT transport', '12-meter variant', '375 electric kilometers', '100 electric buses', 'charging systems', 'new contract', 'Q-link flag', 'lightweight design', '85 million passengers', 'Drechtsteden-Molenlanden-Gorinchem regions', 'up to', '5,500,000 kg CO2', '9,500,000 kg nitrogen', 'carbon footprint', 'Sales Director', 'right path', 'higher level', 'zero emission', 'Dirk Huzeling', 'greater extent', 'to 63 buses', 'OV-bureau Groningen-Drenthe', 'Groningen-Drenthe region', 'several years', 'recent years', '63 Ebusco 3.0 buses', 'Ebusco 2.2 buses', '60 Ebusco buses', 'extra-long range', 'lightweight bus', 'Qbuzz umbrella', 'Groningen-Drenthe Qbuzz', 'Ebusco 2.2 fleet', '400 buses', 'Deurne', 'Euronext', 'pioneer', 'frontrunner', 'development', 'delivery', 'order', 'option', 'road', 'provinces', 'behalf', 'lines', 'city', 'variants', '500kWh', 'Netherlands', 'network', 'trams', 'trains', 'Utrecht', 'cities', 'Dordrecht', 'others', 'operation', '100,000 km', 'result', 'savings', 'fact', 'proof', 'past', 'day', 'depots', 'time', 'combination', 'sustainability', '22', '350']",2023-03-22,2023-03-23,marketscreener.com
21139,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.co.uk/news-releases/dsm---delivery-of-shares-301778988.html,DSM - delivery of shares,This is a press release by Koninklijke DSM N.V. (Royal DSM)  pursuant to the provisions of Sections 13 paragraphs 1 and 2 of the Dutch Decree on Public Takeover Bids (Besluit openbare biedingen Wft) (the Decree) in connection with the public offer by Danube A…,This is a press release by Koninklijke DSM N.V. (Royal DSM)  pursuant to the provisions of Sections 13 paragraphs 1 and 2 of the Dutch Decree on Public Takeover Bids (Besluit openbare biedingen Wft) (the Decree) in connection with the public offer by Danube AG (to be renamed DSM-Firmenich AG) for all the issued and outstanding ordinary shares in the capital of DSM (the Exchange Offer). This press release does not constitute an offer  or any solicitation of any offer  to buy or subscribe for any securities. This press release is not for general release  publication or distribution  in whole or in part  in or into  directly or indirectly  the United States or any other jurisdiction where such release  publication or distribution would violate applicable laws or regulations.HEERLEN  Netherlands  March 22  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- Following the Offering Circular published on 22 November 2022  Royal DSM is required to announce transactions relating to the ordinary shares in its capital in accordance with the Dutch public offer rules. This includes the delivery of treasury shares to employees in view of settling the vesting of share units or the exercise of stock options.Pursuant to commitments entered into prior to issuing the Offering Circular  DSM has on 22 March 2023  delivered 660 ordinary shares to employees in view of settling the exercise of an equivalent number of stock options granted under the respective DSM Incentive Plan (average exercise price €93.36). On the date hereof  the total number of issued and outstanding DSM ordinary shares is 173 182 422. As a consequence of the delivery included herein  the number of outstanding DSM ordinary shares increased by 0.0004%.DSMRoyal DSM is a global  purpose-led company in Health  Nutrition & Bioscience  applying science to improve the health of people  animals and the planet. DSM's purpose is to create brighter lives for all. DSM's products and solutions address some of the world's biggest challenges while simultaneously creating economic  environmental and societal value for all its stakeholders – customers  employees  shareholders  and society at large. The company was founded in 1902 and is listed on Euronext Amsterdam. More information can be found at www.dsm.com.Or find us on:LinkedIn: http://www.linkedin.com/company/3108Twitter: http://www.twitter.com/DSMFacebook: http://www.facebook.com/DSMcompanyYouTube: http://www.youtube.com/user/dsmcompanyFor more informationDSM Media Relations Gareth Mead tel. +31 (0) 45 5782420 email media.contacts@dsm.com DSM Investor Relations Dave Huizing tel. +31 (0) 45 5782864 email investor.relations@dsm.comForward-looking statementsThis press release may contain forward-looking statements with respect to DSM's future (financial) performance and position. Such statements are based on current expectations  estimates and projections of DSM and information currently available to the company. DSM cautions readers that such statements involve certain risks and uncertainties that are difficult to predict and therefore it should be understood that many factors can cause actual performance and position to differ materially from these statements. DSM has no obligation to update the statements contained in this press release  unless required by law. The English language version of the press release is leading.Logo - https://mma.prnewswire.com/media/329419/dsm_logo.jpgSOURCE Royal DSM,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,mixed,0.26,0.08,0.66,True,English,"['DSM', 'delivery', 'shares', 'DSM Media Relations Gareth Mead', 'DSM Investor Relations Dave Huizing', 'Koninklijke DSM N.V.', 'respective DSM Incentive Plan', 'Dutch public offer rules', 'outstanding DSM ordinary shares', 'outstanding ordinary shares', 'Public Takeover Bids', 'English language version', 'future (financial) performance', 'average exercise price', 'global, purpose-led company', 'SOURCE Royal DSM', '660 ordinary shares', 'treasury shares', 'Dutch Decree', 'actual performance', 'Sections 13 paragraphs', 'biedingen Wft', 'Danube AG', 'Exchange Offer', 'United States', 'other jurisdiction', 'applicable laws', 'Offering Circular', 'share units', 'stock options', 'brighter lives', 'biggest challenges', 'economic, environmental', 'societal value', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'current expectations', 'many factors', 'press release', 'general release', 'equivalent number', 'total number', 'Forward-looking statements', 'Such statements', 'More information', 'provisions', 'connection', 'capital', 'solicitation', 'securities', 'publication', 'distribution', 'part', 'regulations', 'HEERLEN', 'Netherlands', '22 November', 'transactions', 'accordance', 'delivery', 'employees', 'view', 'vesting', 'commitments', '22 March', 'date', 'consequence', 'Health', 'Nutrition', 'Bioscience', 'people', 'animals', 'planet', 'products', 'solutions', 'world', 'stakeholders', 'customers', 'shareholders', 'society', 'LinkedIn', 'Twitter', 'Facebook', 'DSMcompany', 'YouTube', 'position', 'estimates', 'projections', 'readers', 'risks', 'uncertainties', 'obligation', 'Logo']",2023-03-22,2023-03-23,prnewswire.co.uk
21140,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/ERYTECH-PHARMA-S-A-13046812/news/ERYTECH-Provides-Business-and-Financial-Update-for-the-Fourth-Quarter-and-Full-Year-2022-43314804/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230322,ERYTECH Provides Business and Financial Update for the Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2022,(marketscreener.com) ERYTECH Provides Business and Financial Update for the Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2022         Combination with Pherecydes announced  intending to create a global leader in extended phage therapies targeting antimicrobial resistant path…,ERYTECH Provides Business and Financial Updatefor the Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2022Combination with Pherecydes announced  intending to create a global leader in extended phage therapies targeting antimicrobial resistant pathogenic bacteriaDeep restructuring implemented; team size reduced by approximately 75% since start of 2022Cash and cash equivalents of €38.8 million ($41.5 million) at the end of December 2022Cambridge  MA (U.S.) and Lyon (France)  March 22  2023 – ERYTECH Pharma (Nasdaq & Euronext: ERYP)  a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company developing innovative therapies by encapsulating therapeutic drug substances inside red blood cells  today provided a business and financial update for the fourth quarter and full year of 2022.“After the disappointing results of our Phase 3 trial in pancreatic cancer  we have pursued during 2022 a consistent strategy to maximize the remaining value for our shareholders through strategic partnering. We sold our US manufacturing site  sharply reduced our cash burn  focused on our most promising preclinical programs  and relentlessly pursued partnering options”  said Gil Beyen  Chief Executive Officer of ERYTECH. “We are very pleased this resulted in the recently announced strategic combination with Pherecydes to build on complementary expertise and capabilities of both companies and create a global leader in phage therapy to address the increasingly alarming health context caused by antimicrobial-resistant bacteria.”Business HighlightsU.S. cell therapy manufacturing facility sold to Catalent for a total consideration of USD 44.5 millionFollowing the disappointing results of the Company’s Phase 3 trial in pancreatic cancer  ERYTECH in April 2022 sold its state-of-the-art commercial-scale cell therapy manufacturing facility in Princeton  New Jersey  to Catalent for a total consideration of $44.5 million. ERYTECH’s staff at the site of approximately 40 people has been transferred to Catalent.Graspa® program halted and focused shifted to preclinical RBC vesicles programAfter FDA feedback on the envisaged BLA submission for Graspa® in hypersensitive ALL setback  and a non-conclusive early readout of first patients in a Phase 2 trial in TNBC  with the same product candidate  ERYTECH decided in September 2022 to halt further development of Graspa®  L-asparaginase encapsulated in donor red blood cells. Erytech decided to focus its development efforts on its most promising preclinical programs  the vesiculation of red blood cells that have already been loaded with active therapeutics to produce cargo-loaded RBC-derived extracellular vesicles  for the development of novel therapeutic approaches.Deep restructuring implementedLinked to the halt of the Company’s lead program Graspa®  a restructuring program was initiated in May 2022. Combined with the approximately 40 people who transferred to Catalent after the sale of the Company’s manufacturing facility in Princeton  the global team size will be less than 25% compared to the start of this year. The Company has retained its R&D team and its expertise in key functional areas to keep the ability to restart a pipeline of partnered development programs and maintain a fully operational dual-listed company.Combination with Pherecydes announcedOn February 15  2023  the Company announced the strategic combination with Pherecydes  a biotechnology company specializing in precision phage therapy to treat resistant and/or complicated bacterial infections  with the ambition to create a global leader in extended phage therapy and accelerate the development of a portfolio of phage candidates targeting pathogenic bacteria.The proposed transaction seeks to leverage ERYTECH’s financial resources and teams to both accelerate and expand PHERECYDES’ existing phage development programs and reinforce efforts to advance novel phage candidates.ERYTECH and PHERECYDES intend to merge their operations and relocate all teams to ERYTECH’s premises in Lyon  where they will benefit from presence in a major European hub for infectious diseases.The combined company’s cash runway would extend into Q3 2024  with a consolidated cash position of approximately €41 million as of December 31  2022  and would enable funding of existing and novel programs through multiple clinical milestones.The proposed transaction is structured as a merger of PHERECYDES into ERYTECH  pursuant to which the shareholders of PHERECYDES would receive newly issued ERYTECH ordinary shares in consideration of the contribution of the assets and liabilities of PHERECYDES. The extraordinary general meetings of ERYTECH and PHERECYDES will be called upon to vote on the proposed merger  currently expected to be convened at the end of June of 2023. The proposed transaction is expected to close shortly after the approval by the EGM.Full Year 2022 Financial ResultsKey financial figures for the twelve months of 2022 compared with the same period of the previous year are summarized below:In thousands of euros Q4 2022(12 months) Q4 2021(12 months) Revenues — — Other income 6 647 4 180 Net gain on asset sale 24 351 — Operating income 30 998 4 180 Research and development (19 907) (45 100) General and administrative (13 887) (15 595) Operating expenses (33 793) (60 696) Operating income (loss) (2 796) (56 517) Financial income 4 453 5 422 Financial expenses (1 364) (2 702) Financial income (loss) 3 089 2 720 Income tax (521) (2) Net loss (227) (53 798)Net loss for the full year of 2022 was €0.2 million  a €53.7 million improvement year-over-year  reflecting the €24.4 million net gain on the sale of the Princeton facility  and the further decrease in operating expenses  which  at €33.8 million of expenses at the end of 2022  were also showing an accelerated decrease of €26.9 million (-44%) year-over-year  with a €25.2 million decrease in R&D expenses (-56%)  related to the termination of clinical programs  and a €1.7 million decrease (-11%) in G&A.Other income included the €4.9 million debt extinguishment related to the conditional advance on the Tedac R&D program  owing to the termination of developments on the Graspa® platform  and €1.5M for the R&D tax credit.Total operating expenses of €33.8 million included an impairment charge of €2.4 million on the Lyon production facility  related to the end of eryaspase operations  and a one-off €1.8 million cost of restructuring  related to the resizing of French operations and staff.Income tax expense in 2022 was €0.5 million  reflecting the expected tax impacts of the capital gain from the sale of the Princeton facility.As of December 31  2022  ERYTECH had cash and cash equivalents totaling €38.8 million (approximately $41.5 million)  compared with €33.7 million as of December 31  2021. The €5.1 million net increase in cash position during the twelve months of 2022 was the result of the net cash of €37.6 million received from the sale of the Princeton facility  a €31.3 million net cash utilization in operating activities and investing activities (excluding the sale of the Princeton facility) and €1.8 million used in financing activities  while the variation of the U.S. dollar against the euro led to a €0.5 million positive currency exchange impact.Earlier this year  the company initiated a deep restructuring and cost reduction program  then further intensified with the halt of the Graspa® program and BLA process. Considering this ongoing reduction in operating expenses  the Company believes that its current cash position can fund its current activities and planned operating expenses to the second half of 2024.Filing of 2022 Universal Registration Document and 2022 Annual Report on Form 20-FThe Company’s 2022 Universal Registration Document for the year ended December 31  2022  including the management report and the annual financial report  and its Annual Report on Form 20-F for the year ended December 31  2022  will be filed with the “Autorité des Marchés Financiers” (AMF) and with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC)  respectively  on March 27  2023.These documents will be accessible on the Investors section of the Company’s corporate website (www.erytech.com). In addition  the Universal Registration Document will be available on the website of the AMF (www.amf-france.org) and the Annual Report on Form 20-F will also be available on the website of the SEC (www.sec.gov). Printed copies of these documents will also be available free of charge  by sending a postal request to the registered offices of ERYTECH Pharma  Bâtiment Bioserra  60 Avenue Rockefeller  69008 in Lyon (France).2023 Financial Calendar*Business Update and Financial Highlights for the First Quarter of 2023: May 9  2023 (after U.S. market close)  followed by a conference call & webcast on May 10  2023 (2:30pm CET/8:30am ET)Shareholders’ Meeting: June 23  2023 at 9.30am CET - ParisBusiness Update and Financial Highlights for the Second Quarter & First Half of 2023: September 11  2023 (after U.S. market close)  followed by a conference call & webcast on September 12  2023 (2:30pm CET/8:30am ET)Business Update and Financial Highlights for the Third Quarter of 2023: November 6  2023 (after U.S. market close)  followed by a conference call & webcast on November 7  2023 (2:30pm CET/8:30am ET)(*): Information subject to change.About ERYTECHERYTECH is a biopharmaceutical company developing innovative red blood cell-based therapeutics for severe forms of cancer and orphan diseases. Leveraging its proprietary ERYCAPS® platform  which uses a novel technology to encapsulate drug substances inside red blood cells  ERYTECH is developing a pipeline of product candidates for patients with high unmet medical needs.On February 15 2023  ERYTECH announced its intended strategic combination with PHERECYDES to create a global player in extended phage. More detail can be found in the press release.ERYTECH is listed on the Nasdaq Global Select Market in the United States (ticker: ERYP) and on the Euronext regulated market in Paris (ISIN code: FR0011471135  ticker: ERYP). ERYTECH is part of the CAC Healthcare  CAC Pharma & Bio  CAC Mid & Small  CAC All Tradable  EnterNext PEA-PME 150 and Next Biotech indexes.For more information  please visit www.erytech.comCONTACTSERYTECHEric SoyerCFO & COO NewCapMathilde Bohin / Louis-Victor DelouvrierInvestor relationsNicolas MerigeauMedia relations+33 4 78 74 44 38investors@erytech.com+33 1 44 71 94 94erytech@newcap.euForward-looking informationThis press release contains forward-looking statements  forecasts and estimates with respect to the clinical results from and the development plans of eryaspase  business and regulatory strategy and anticipated future performance of ERYTECH and of the market in which it operates. Certain of these statements  forecasts and estimates can be recognized by the use of words such as  without limitation  “believes”  “anticipates”  “expects”  “intends”  “plans”  “seeks”  “estimates”  “may”  “will” and “continue” and similar expressions. All statements contained in this press release other than statements of historical facts are forward-looking statements  including  without limitation  statements regarding ERYTECH’s business and regulatory strategy and its evaluation of potential strategic transactions. Such statements  forecasts and estimates are based on various assumptions and assessments of known and unknown risks  uncertainties and other factors  which were deemed reasonable when made but may or may not prove to be correct. Actual events are difficult to predict and may depend upon factors that are beyond ERYTECH's control. Therefore  actual results may turn out to be materially different from the anticipated future results  performance or achievements expressed or implied by such statements  forecasts and estimates. Important factors that could cause actual results and outcomes to differ materially from those indicated in the forward-looking statements include  among others  the following: (1) the failure to achieve certain regulatory and commercial milestones; (2) the inability to maintain the listing of ERYTECH’s shares on the Nasdaq Global Select market and the Euronext regulated market; (3) changes in applicable laws or regulations; (4) the possibility that ERYTECH may be adversely affected by other economic  business and/or competitive factors; (5) the inability to agree to terms on a long-term supply agreement with Catalent; and (6) other risks and uncertainties indicated from time to time in ERYTECH’s regulatory filings. Further description of these risks  uncertainties and other risks can be found in the Company’s regulatory filings with the French Autorité des Marchés Financiers (AMF)  the Company’s Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) filings and reports  including in the Company’s 2021 Universal Registration Document (Document d’Enregistrement Universel) filed with the AMF on April 27  2022 and in the Company’s Annual Report on Form 20-F filed with the SEC on April 28  2022 and future filings and reports by the Company. Given these uncertainties  no representations are made as to the accuracy or fairness of such forward-looking statements  forecasts and estimates. Furthermore  forward-looking statements  forecasts and estimates only speak as of the date of this press release. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on any of these forward-looking statements. ERYTECH disclaims any obligation to update any such forward-looking statement  forecast or estimates to reflect any change in ERYTECH’s expectations with regard thereto  or any change in events  conditions or circumstances on which any such statement  forecast or estimate is based  except to the extent required by law.Attachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.46,0.15,0.39,True,English,"['Financial Update', 'Fourth Quarter', 'Full Year', 'ERYTECH', 'Business', 'art commercial-scale cell therapy manufacturing facility', 'U.S. cell therapy manufacturing facility', 'cargo-loaded RBC-derived extracellular vesicles', 'donor red blood cells', 'preclinical RBC vesicles program', 'PHERECYDES’ existing phage development programs', 'antimicrobial resistant pathogenic bacteria', 'Full Year 2022 Financial Results', 'extended phage therapy', 'promising preclinical programs', 'US manufacturing site', 'therapeutic drug substances', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'alarming health context', 'hypersensitive ALL setback', 'conclusive early readout', 'key functional areas', 'complicated bacterial infections', 'major European hub', 'multiple clinical milestones', 'extraordinary general meetings', 'novel therapeutic approaches', 'R&D team', 'Key financial figures', 'same product candidate', 'partnered development programs', 'extended phage therapies', 'novel phage candidates', 'consolidated cash position', 'clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company', 'operational dual-listed company', 'global team size', 'ERYTECH ordinary shares', 'novel programs', 'disappointing results', 'antimicrobial-resistant bacteria', 'Financial Update', 'financial resources', 'innovative therapies', 'lead program', 'restructuring program', 'same period', 'global leader', 'previous year', 'Fourth Quarter', 'Deep restructuring', 'cash equivalents', 'Phase 3 trial', 'pancreatic cancer', 'consistent strategy', 'remaining value', 'strategic partnering', 'cash burn', 'partnering options', 'Gil Beyen', 'New Jersey', 'FDA feedback', 'BLA submission', 'first patients', 'Phase 2 trial', 'active therapeutics', 'infectious diseases', 'cash runway', 'twelve months', 'Graspa® program', 'total consideration', 'The Company', 'biotechnology company', 'development efforts', 'strategic combination', 'complementary expertise', 'Business Highlights', 'ERYTECH Pharma', 'start', 'December', 'Cambridge', 'Lyon', 'France', 'March', 'Nasdaq', 'Euronext', 'ERYP', 'shareholders', 'capabilities', 'companies', 'Catalent', 'USD', 'April', 'state', 'Princeton', 'staff', '40 people', 'TNBC', 'September', 'L-asparaginase', 'vesiculation', 'May', 'sale', 'ability', 'pipeline', 'February', 'precision', 'ambition', 'portfolio', 'transaction', 'teams', 'operations', 'premises', 'presence', 'Q3', 'funding', 'merger', 'contribution', 'assets', 'liabilities', 'June', 'proposed', 'approval', 'EGM', 'thousands', 'euros']",2023-03-22,2023-03-23,marketscreener.com
21141,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/03/22/2632759/0/en/ERYTECH-Provides-Business-and-Financial-Update-for-the-Fourth-Quarter-and-Full-Year-2022.html,ERYTECH Provides Business and Financial Update for the Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2022,ERYTECH Provides Business and Financial Update for the Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2022          Combination with Pherecydes announced  intending to......,English FrenchERYTECH Provides Business and Financial Updatefor the Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2022Combination with Pherecydes announced  intending to create a global leader in extended phage therapies targeting antimicrobial resistant pathogenic bacteriaDeep restructuring implemented; team size reduced by approximately 75% since start of 2022Cash and cash equivalents of €38.8 million ($41.5 million) at the end of December 2022Cambridge  MA (U.S.) and Lyon (France)  March 22  2023 – ERYTECH Pharma (Nasdaq & Euronext: ERYP)  a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company developing innovative therapies by encapsulating therapeutic drug substances inside red blood cells  today provided a business and financial update for the fourth quarter and full year of 2022.“After the disappointing results of our Phase 3 trial in pancreatic cancer  we have pursued during 2022 a consistent strategy to maximize the remaining value for our shareholders through strategic partnering. We sold our US manufacturing site  sharply reduced our cash burn  focused on our most promising preclinical programs  and relentlessly pursued partnering options”  said Gil Beyen  Chief Executive Officer of ERYTECH. “We are very pleased this resulted in the recently announced strategic combination with Pherecydes to build on complementary expertise and capabilities of both companies and create a global leader in phage therapy to address the increasingly alarming health context caused by antimicrobial-resistant bacteria.”Business HighlightsU.S. cell therapy manufacturing facility sold to Catalent for a total consideration of USD 44.5 millionFollowing the disappointing results of the Company’s Phase 3 trial in pancreatic cancer  ERYTECH in April 2022 sold its state-of-the-art commercial-scale cell therapy manufacturing facility in Princeton  New Jersey  to Catalent for a total consideration of $44.5 million. ERYTECH’s staff at the site of approximately 40 people has been transferred to Catalent.Graspa® program halted and focused shifted to preclinical RBC vesicles programAfter FDA feedback on the envisaged BLA submission for Graspa® in hypersensitive ALL setback  and a non-conclusive early readout of first patients in a Phase 2 trial in TNBC  with the same product candidate  ERYTECH decided in September 2022 to halt further development of Graspa®  L-asparaginase encapsulated in donor red blood cells. Erytech decided to focus its development efforts on its most promising preclinical programs  the vesiculation of red blood cells that have already been loaded with active therapeutics to produce cargo-loaded RBC-derived extracellular vesicles  for the development of novel therapeutic approaches.Deep restructuring implementedLinked to the halt of the Company’s lead program Graspa®  a restructuring program was initiated in May 2022. Combined with the approximately 40 people who transferred to Catalent after the sale of the Company’s manufacturing facility in Princeton  the global team size will be less than 25% compared to the start of this year. The Company has retained its R&D team and its expertise in key functional areas to keep the ability to restart a pipeline of partnered development programs and maintain a fully operational dual-listed company.Combination with Pherecydes announcedOn February 15  2023  the Company announced the strategic combination with Pherecydes  a biotechnology company specializing in precision phage therapy to treat resistant and/or complicated bacterial infections  with the ambition to create a global leader in extended phage therapy and accelerate the development of a portfolio of phage candidates targeting pathogenic bacteria.The proposed transaction seeks to leverage ERYTECH’s financial resources and teams to both accelerate and expand PHERECYDES’ existing phage development programs and reinforce efforts to advance novel phage candidates.ERYTECH and PHERECYDES intend to merge their operations and relocate all teams to ERYTECH’s premises in Lyon  where they will benefit from presence in a major European hub for infectious diseases.The combined company’s cash runway would extend into Q3 2024  with a consolidated cash position of approximately €41 million as of December 31  2022  and would enable funding of existing and novel programs through multiple clinical milestones.The proposed transaction is structured as a merger of PHERECYDES into ERYTECH  pursuant to which the shareholders of PHERECYDES would receive newly issued ERYTECH ordinary shares in consideration of the contribution of the assets and liabilities of PHERECYDES. The extraordinary general meetings of ERYTECH and PHERECYDES will be called upon to vote on the proposed merger  currently expected to be convened at the end of June of 2023. The proposed transaction is expected to close shortly after the approval by the EGM.Full Year 2022 Financial ResultsKey financial figures for the twelve months of 2022 compared with the same period of the previous year are summarized below:In thousands of euros Q4 2022(12 months) Q4 2021(12 months) Revenues — — Other income 6 647 4 180 Net gain on asset sale 24 351 — Operating income 30 998 4 180 Research and development (19 907) (45 100) General and administrative (13 887) (15 595) Operating expenses (33 793) (60 696) Operating income (loss) (2 796) (56 517) Financial income 4 453 5 422 Financial expenses (1 364) (2 702) Financial income (loss) 3 089 2 720 Income tax (521) (2) Net loss (227) (53 798)Net loss for the full year of 2022 was €0.2 million  a €53.7 million improvement year-over-year  reflecting the €24.4 million net gain on the sale of the Princeton facility  and the further decrease in operating expenses  which  at €33.8 million of expenses at the end of 2022  were also showing an accelerated decrease of €26.9 million (-44%) year-over-year  with a €25.2 million decrease in R&D expenses (-56%)  related to the termination of clinical programs  and a €1.7 million decrease (-11%) in G&A.Other income included the €4.9 million debt extinguishment related to the conditional advance on the Tedac R&D program  owing to the termination of developments on the Graspa® platform  and €1.5M for the R&D tax credit.Total operating expenses of €33.8 million included an impairment charge of €2.4 million on the Lyon production facility  related to the end of eryaspase operations  and a one-off €1.8 million cost of restructuring  related to the resizing of French operations and staff.Income tax expense in 2022 was €0.5 million  reflecting the expected tax impacts of the capital gain from the sale of the Princeton facility.As of December 31  2022  ERYTECH had cash and cash equivalents totaling €38.8 million (approximately $41.5 million)  compared with €33.7 million as of December 31  2021. The €5.1 million net increase in cash position during the twelve months of 2022 was the result of the net cash of €37.6 million received from the sale of the Princeton facility  a €31.3 million net cash utilization in operating activities and investing activities (excluding the sale of the Princeton facility) and €1.8 million used in financing activities  while the variation of the U.S. dollar against the euro led to a €0.5 million positive currency exchange impact.Earlier this year  the company initiated a deep restructuring and cost reduction program  then further intensified with the halt of the Graspa® program and BLA process. Considering this ongoing reduction in operating expenses  the Company believes that its current cash position can fund its current activities and planned operating expenses to the second half of 2024.Filing of 2022 Universal Registration Document and 2022 Annual Report on Form 20-FThe Company’s 2022 Universal Registration Document for the year ended December 31  2022  including the management report and the annual financial report  and its Annual Report on Form 20-F for the year ended December 31  2022  will be filed with the “Autorité des Marchés Financiers” (AMF) and with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC)  respectively  on March 27  2023.These documents will be accessible on the Investors section of the Company’s corporate website (www.erytech.com). In addition  the Universal Registration Document will be available on the website of the AMF (www.amf-france.org) and the Annual Report on Form 20-F will also be available on the website of the SEC (www.sec.gov). Printed copies of these documents will also be available free of charge  by sending a postal request to the registered offices of ERYTECH Pharma  Bâtiment Bioserra  60 Avenue Rockefeller  69008 in Lyon (France).2023 Financial Calendar*Business Update and Financial Highlights for the First Quarter of 2023: May 9  2023 (after U.S. market close)  followed by a conference call & webcast on May 10  2023 (2:30pm CET/8:30am ET)Shareholders’ Meeting: June 23  2023 at 9.30am CET - ParisBusiness Update and Financial Highlights for the Second Quarter & First Half of 2023: September 11  2023 (after U.S. market close)  followed by a conference call & webcast on September 12  2023 (2:30pm CET/8:30am ET)Business Update and Financial Highlights for the Third Quarter of 2023: November 6  2023 (after U.S. market close)  followed by a conference call & webcast on November 7  2023 (2:30pm CET/8:30am ET)(*): Information subject to change.About ERYTECHERYTECH is a biopharmaceutical company developing innovative red blood cell-based therapeutics for severe forms of cancer and orphan diseases. Leveraging its proprietary ERYCAPS® platform  which uses a novel technology to encapsulate drug substances inside red blood cells  ERYTECH is developing a pipeline of product candidates for patients with high unmet medical needs.On February 15 2023  ERYTECH announced its intended strategic combination with PHERECYDES to create a global player in extended phage. More detail can be found in the press release.ERYTECH is listed on the Nasdaq Global Select Market in the United States (ticker: ERYP) and on the Euronext regulated market in Paris (ISIN code: FR0011471135  ticker: ERYP). ERYTECH is part of the CAC Healthcare  CAC Pharma & Bio  CAC Mid & Small  CAC All Tradable  EnterNext PEA-PME 150 and Next Biotech indexes.For more information  please visit www.erytech.comCONTACTSERYTECHEric SoyerCFO & COO NewCapMathilde Bohin / Louis-Victor DelouvrierInvestor relationsNicolas MerigeauMedia relations+33 4 78 74 44 38investors@erytech.com+33 1 44 71 94 94erytech@newcap.euForward-looking informationThis press release contains forward-looking statements  forecasts and estimates with respect to the clinical results from and the development plans of eryaspase  business and regulatory strategy and anticipated future performance of ERYTECH and of the market in which it operates. Certain of these statements  forecasts and estimates can be recognized by the use of words such as  without limitation  “believes”  “anticipates”  “expects”  “intends”  “plans”  “seeks”  “estimates”  “may”  “will” and “continue” and similar expressions. All statements contained in this press release other than statements of historical facts are forward-looking statements  including  without limitation  statements regarding ERYTECH’s business and regulatory strategy and its evaluation of potential strategic transactions. Such statements  forecasts and estimates are based on various assumptions and assessments of known and unknown risks  uncertainties and other factors  which were deemed reasonable when made but may or may not prove to be correct. Actual events are difficult to predict and may depend upon factors that are beyond ERYTECH's control. Therefore  actual results may turn out to be materially different from the anticipated future results  performance or achievements expressed or implied by such statements  forecasts and estimates. Important factors that could cause actual results and outcomes to differ materially from those indicated in the forward-looking statements include  among others  the following: (1) the failure to achieve certain regulatory and commercial milestones; (2) the inability to maintain the listing of ERYTECH’s shares on the Nasdaq Global Select market and the Euronext regulated market; (3) changes in applicable laws or regulations; (4) the possibility that ERYTECH may be adversely affected by other economic  business and/or competitive factors; (5) the inability to agree to terms on a long-term supply agreement with Catalent; and (6) other risks and uncertainties indicated from time to time in ERYTECH’s regulatory filings. Further description of these risks  uncertainties and other risks can be found in the Company’s regulatory filings with the French Autorité des Marchés Financiers (AMF)  the Company’s Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) filings and reports  including in the Company’s 2021 Universal Registration Document (Document d’Enregistrement Universel) filed with the AMF on April 27  2022 and in the Company’s Annual Report on Form 20-F filed with the SEC on April 28  2022 and future filings and reports by the Company. Given these uncertainties  no representations are made as to the accuracy or fairness of such forward-looking statements  forecasts and estimates. Furthermore  forward-looking statements  forecasts and estimates only speak as of the date of this press release. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on any of these forward-looking statements. ERYTECH disclaims any obligation to update any such forward-looking statement  forecast or estimates to reflect any change in ERYTECH’s expectations with regard thereto  or any change in events  conditions or circumstances on which any such statement  forecast or estimate is based  except to the extent required by law.Attachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.49,0.1,0.41,True,English,"['Financial Update', 'Fourth Quarter', 'Full Year', 'ERYTECH', 'Business', 'art commercial-scale cell therapy manufacturing facility', 'U.S. cell therapy manufacturing facility', 'cargo-loaded RBC-derived extracellular vesicles', 'donor red blood cells', 'preclinical RBC vesicles program', 'PHERECYDES’ existing phage development programs', 'antimicrobial resistant pathogenic bacteria', 'Full Year 2022 Financial Results', 'extended phage therapy', 'promising preclinical programs', 'US manufacturing site', 'therapeutic drug substances', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'alarming health context', 'hypersensitive ALL setback', 'conclusive early readout', 'key functional areas', 'complicated bacterial infections', 'major European hub', 'multiple clinical milestones', 'extraordinary general meetings', 'novel therapeutic approaches', 'R&D team', 'Key financial figures', 'same product candidate', 'partnered development programs', 'extended phage therapies', 'novel phage candidates', 'consolidated cash position', 'clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company', 'operational dual-listed company', 'global team size', 'ERYTECH ordinary shares', 'novel programs', 'disappointing results', 'antimicrobial-resistant bacteria', 'Financial Update', 'financial resources', 'innovative therapies', 'lead program', 'restructuring program', 'same period', 'global leader', 'previous year', 'English French', 'Fourth Quarter', 'Deep restructuring', 'cash equivalents', 'Phase 3 trial', 'pancreatic cancer', 'consistent strategy', 'remaining value', 'strategic partnering', 'cash burn', 'partnering options', 'Gil Beyen', 'New Jersey', 'FDA feedback', 'BLA submission', 'first patients', 'Phase 2 trial', 'active therapeutics', 'infectious diseases', 'cash runway', 'twelve months', 'Graspa® program', 'total consideration', 'The Company', 'biotechnology company', 'development efforts', 'strategic combination', 'complementary expertise', 'Business Highlights', 'ERYTECH Pharma', 'start', 'December', 'Cambridge', 'Lyon', 'France', 'March', 'Nasdaq', 'Euronext', 'ERYP', 'shareholders', 'capabilities', 'companies', 'Catalent', 'USD', 'April', 'state', 'Princeton', 'staff', '40 people', 'TNBC', 'September', 'L-asparaginase', 'vesiculation', 'May', 'sale', 'ability', 'pipeline', 'February', 'precision', 'ambition', 'portfolio', 'transaction', 'teams', 'operations', 'premises', 'presence', 'Q3', 'funding', 'merger', 'contribution', 'assets', 'liabilities', 'June', 'proposed', 'approval', 'EGM', 'thousands', 'euros']",2023-03-22,2023-03-23,globenewswire.com
21142,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/STELLANTIS-N-V-117814143/news/-Stellantis-Invests-130-Million-in-Eisenach-Assembly-Plant-in-Germany-for-Electric-Opel-Grandlan-43307451/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230322,Stellantis Invests 130 Million in Eisenach Assembly Plant in Germany for Electric Opel Grandland Successor,(marketscreener.com) Stellantis Invests €130 Million in Eisenach Assembly Plant in Germany for Electric Opel Grandland Successor New battery electric vehicle production on the STLA Medium platform set to launch in the second half of 2024Plant allocation suppo…,Stellantis Invests €130 Million in Eisenach Assembly Plant in Germany for Electric Opel Grandland SuccessorNew battery electric vehicle ( BEV ) production on the STLA Medium platform s et to launch in the second half of 2024Plant allocation supports Opel ’s bold commit ment to fully electric lineup by 2028Current Eisenach production includes Opel Grandland plug-in electric hybridElectrification of Stellantis products supports goals of Dare Forward 2030 strategic planAMSTERDAM  March 22  2023 – Stellantis announced today it will invest over €130 million in the Eisenach Assembly Plant in Germany  producer of the Opel Grandland compact SUV  to add production of the BEV successor vehicle that will be built on the all-new STLA Medium platform. Production of the new BEV is scheduled to begin in the second half of 2024.Adding a BEV to Eisenach’s output supports Opel’s bold commitment to a fully electric product lineup by 2028 in Europe. The Opel Grandland currently produced at Eisenach includes also plug-in hybrid variants.“Eisenach  our most compact plant in Germany  has demonstrated a strong drive in quality improvements ” said Arnaud Deboeuf  Stellantis Chief Manufacturing Officer. “With this allocation of Stellantis’ new fully BEV platform  STLA Medium  Eisenach plant’s highly skilled workforce will continue to improve the cost and the quality of the vehicles they produce to delight our customers.”“We have been building top-quality vehicles here in Thuringia for 31 years and improved our competitiveness continuously. We will stay on this clear path with the electric successor to the Opel Grandland ” said Florian Huettl  Opel CEO. “This decision is another important step for Opel on the way to the declared goal of being a purely electric brand in Europe by 2028.”“At Stellantis  ‘We Win Together’ is a core value and this announcement for Eisenach demonstrates that value in action ” said Xavier Chereau  Chairman of the Opel Supervisory Board and Chief Human Resources & Transformation Officer at Stellantis. “A focus on improving quality and costs from Eisenach management and employees  combined with the input and social dialogue with the German union representatives  help define the future.”“Thuringia is an automotive location with a great tradition that is currently making the transition to electromobility at top speed ” Thuringia Prime Minister Bodo Ramelow said. “Against this background  I am particularly pleased that Opel is playing a decisive role here and will be producing a future-proof model range in Eisenach.”Opened in September 1992 with production of the Opel Astra  the Eisenach Assembly Plant is in the state of Thuringia  central Germany. In 2022 the plant celebrated its 30 th anniversary with an Open Day event that commemorated production of 3.7 million vehicles.The Eisenach investment is a key step in meeting the commitments of the Dare Forward 2030 strategic plan  which is led by deep emission cuts to slash CO2 in half by 2030  benchmarking 2021 metrics  and achieve carbon net zero by 2038 with single digit percentage compensation of the remaining emissions. Core targets for Dare Forward 2030 also include 100% of passenger car sales in Europe and 50% of passenger car and light-duty truck sales in the United States to be BEVs by the end of the decade; the ambition of doubling Net Revenues by 2030 (versus 2021) and sustaining double-digit Adjusted Operating Income margins throughout the decade; and the aim to become number one in customer satisfaction for products and services in every market by 2030.Stellantis is investing more than €30 billion through 2025 in electrification and software to deliver BEVs that meet customer demands.The current models from Eisenach: Opel Grandland and Grandland GSeThe Opel Grandland from Eisenach has made a name for itself in the compact SUV segment. Sporty and elegant  intuitive to operable and equipped with innovative technologies  it inspires customers. With the fully digital Pure Panel  it offers a new kind of cockpit experience. In addition  the Grandland is equipped with further top technologies and assistance systems that customers have previously only been familiar with from higher vehicle classes. First and foremost is the adaptive IntelliLux LED® Pixel light with a total of 168 LED elements. There is also Night Vision: the system that detects pedestrians and animals in the dark at a distance of up to 100 meters and actively warns the driver. The Opel SUV proudly wears the new face of the brand - the Opel Vizor. Customers have a choice of highly efficient combustion engine and plug-in hybrid variants. The top model is the sporty Opel Grandland GSe with electric all-wheel drive.###About StellantisStellantis N.V. (NYSE: STLA / Euronext Milan: STLAM / Euronext Paris: STLAP) is one of the world's leading automakers and a mobility provider. Its storied and iconic brands embody the passion of their visionary founders and today’s customers in their innovative products and services  including Abarth  Alfa Romeo  Chrysler  Citroën  Dodge  DS Automobiles  Fiat  Jeep ®   Lancia  Maserati  Opel  Peugeot  Ram  Vauxhall  Free2move and Leasys. Powered by our diversity  we lead the way the world moves – aspiring to become the greatest sustainable mobility tech company  not the biggest  while creating added value for all stakeholders as well as the communities in which it operates. For more information  visit www.stellantis.com.@Stellantis Stellantis Stellantis StellantisFor more information  contact:Fernão SILVEIRA +31 6 43 25 43 41 – fernao.silveira@stellantis.comSascha WOLFINGER +49 173 3200 402 – sascha.wolfinger@stellantis.comHarald HAMPRECHT +49-160-9781733 – harald.hamprecht@opel-vauxhall.comcommunications@stellantis.comwww.stellantis.comFORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTSThis communication contains forward-looking statements. In particular  statements regarding future events and anticipated results of operations  business strategies  the anticipated benefits of the proposed transaction  future financial and operating results  the anticipated closing date for the proposed transaction and other anticipated aspects of our operations or operating results are forward-looking statements. These statements may include terms such as “may”  “will”  “expect”  “could”  “should”  “intend”  “estimate”  “anticipate”  “believe”  “remain”  “on track”  “design”  “target”  “objective”  “goal”  “forecast”  “projection”  “outlook”  “prospects”  “plan”  or similar terms. Forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance. Rather  they are based on Stellantis’ current state of knowledge  future expectations and projections about future events and are by their nature  subject to inherent risks and uncertainties. They relate to events and depend on circumstances that may or may not occur or exist in the future and  as such  undue reliance should not be placed on them.Actual results may differ materially from those expressed in forward-looking statements as a result of a variety of factors  including: the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic  the ability of Stellantis to launch new products successfully and to maintain vehicle shipment volumes; changes in the global financial markets  general economic environment and changes in demand for automotive products  which is subject to cyclicality; changes in local economic and political conditions  changes in trade policy and the imposition of global and regional tariffs or tariffs targeted to the automotive industry  the enactment of tax reforms or other changes in tax laws and regulations; Stellantis’ ability to expand certain of their brands globally; its ability to offer innovative  attractive products; its ability to develop  manufacture and sell vehicles with advanced features including enhanced electrification  connectivity and autonomous-driving characteristics; various types of claims  lawsuits  governmental investigations and other contingencies  including product liability and warranty claims and environmental claims  investigations and lawsuits; material operating expenditures in relation to compliance with environmental  health and safety regulations; the intense level of competition in the automotive industry  which may increase due to consolidation; exposure to shortfalls in the funding of Stellantis’ defined benefit pension plans; the ability to provide or arrange for access to adequate financing for dealers and retail customers and associated risks related to the establishment and operations of financial services companies; the ability to access funding to execute Stellantis’ business plans and improve its businesses  financial condition and results of operations; a significant malfunction  disruption or security breach compromising information technology systems or the electronic control systems contained in Stellantis’ vehicles; Stellantis’ ability to realize anticipated benefits from joint venture arrangements; disruptions arising from political  social and economic instability; risks associated with our relationships with employees  dealers and suppliers; increases in costs  disruptions of supply or shortages of raw materials  parts  components and systems used in Stellantis’ vehicles; developments in labor and industrial relations and developments in applicable labor laws; exchange rate fluctuations  interest rate changes  credit risk and other market risks; political and civil unrest; earthquakes or other disasters; risks and other items described in the Company’s Annual Report on Form 20-F for the year ended December 31  2022 and Current Reports on Form 6-K and amendments thereto filed with the SEC; and other risks and uncertainties.Any forward-looking statements contained in this communication speak only as of the date of this document and Stellantis disclaims any obligation to update or revise publicly forward-looking statements. Further information concerning Stellantis and its businesses  including factors that could materially affect Stellantis’ financial results  is included in Stellantis’ reports and filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission and AFM.Attachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.76,0.24,0.0,True,English,"['Electric Opel Grandland Successor', 'Eisenach Assembly Plant', 'Stellantis', 'Germany', 'double-digit Adjusted Operating Income margins', 'adaptive IntelliLux LED® Pixel light', 'Thuringia Prime Minister Bodo Ramelow', 'single digit percentage compensation', 'Dare Forward 2030 strategic plan', 'New battery electric vehicle', 'Stellantis Chief Manufacturing Officer', 'sporty Opel Grandland GSe', 'Opel Grandland compact SUV', 'new STLA Medium platform', 'Electric Opel Grandland Successor', 'Chief Human Resources', 'compact SUV segment', 'higher vehicle classes', 'German union representatives', 'Open Day event', 'deep emission cuts', 'light-duty truck sales', 'digital Pure Panel', 'up to 100 meters', 'efficient combustion engine', 'The Opel SUV', 'future-proof model range', 'Opel Supervisory Board', 'BEV successor vehicle', 'The Opel Grandland', 'electric product lineup', 'passenger car sales', 'The Eisenach investment', 'Eisenach Assembly Plant', 'Stellantis N.V.', 'Current Eisenach production', 'electric successor', '168 LED elements', 'compact plant', 'electric lineup', 'Transformation Officer', 'BEV platform', 'new kind', 'new face', 'new BEV', 'electric hybrid', 'current models', 'top model', 'Citroën', 'Opel CEO', 'Opel Astra', 'Opel Vizor', 'Eisenach plant', 'bold commit', 'hybrid variants', 'strong drive', 'Arnaud Deboeuf', 'skilled workforce', 'clear path', 'Florian Huettl', 'important step', 'electric brand', 'Xavier Chereau', 'social dialogue', 'automotive location', 'great tradition', 'top speed', 'decisive role', '30 th anniversary', 'key step', 'remaining emissions', 'Core targets', 'United States', 'Net Revenues', 'customer satisfaction', 'customer demands', 'innovative technologies', 'top technologies', 'assistance systems', 'Night Vision', 'wheel drive', 'Euronext Milan', 'Euronext Paris', 'leading automakers', 'mobility provider', 'iconic brands', 'visionary founders', 'Alfa Romeo', 'Eisenach management', 'Plant allocation', 'second half', 'top-quality vehicles', '3.7 million vehicles', 'innovative products', 'core value', 'quality improvements', 'Stellantis products', 'central Germany', 'Electrification', 'goals', 'AMSTERDAM', 'producer', 'output', 'Europe', 'cost', 'customers', '31 years', 'competitiveness', 'decision', 'way', 'announcement', 'Chairman', 'focus', 'employees', 'input', 'transition', 'electromobility', 'background', 'September', 'commitments', 'CO2', '2021 metrics', 'carbon', 'BEVs', 'end', 'decade', 'ambition', 'aim', 'services', 'market', 'software', 'name', 'experience', 'addition', 'total', 'pedestrians', 'animals', 'dark', 'distance', 'driver', 'choice', 'NYSE', 'STLAM', 'STLAP', 'world', 'storied', 'passion', 'Abarth', 'Chrysler', 'Dod', '2024']",2023-03-22,2023-03-23,marketscreener.com
21143,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/03/22/2632019/0/en/Stellantis-Invests-130-Million-in-Eisenach-Assembly-Plant-in-Germany-for-Electric-Opel-Grandland-Successor.html,Stellantis Invests €130 Million in Eisenach Assembly Plant in Germany for Electric Opel Grandland Successor,Stellantis Invests €130 Million in Eisenach Assembly Plant in Germany for Electric Opel Grandland Successor  New battery electric vehicle (BEV)...,Stellantis Invests €130 Million in Eisenach Assembly Plant in Germany for Electric Opel Grandland SuccessorNew battery electric vehicle ( BEV ) production on the STLA Medium platform s et to launch in the second half of 2024Plant allocation supports Opel ’s bold commit ment to fully electric lineup by 2028Current Eisenach production includes Opel Grandland plug-in electric hybridElectrification of Stellantis products supports goals of Dare Forward 2030 strategic planAMSTERDAM  March 22  2023 – Stellantis announced today it will invest over €130 million in the Eisenach Assembly Plant in Germany  producer of the Opel Grandland compact SUV  to add production of the BEV successor vehicle that will be built on the all-new STLA Medium platform. Production of the new BEV is scheduled to begin in the second half of 2024.Adding a BEV to Eisenach’s output supports Opel’s bold commitment to a fully electric product lineup by 2028 in Europe. The Opel Grandland currently produced at Eisenach includes also plug-in hybrid variants.“Eisenach  our most compact plant in Germany  has demonstrated a strong drive in quality improvements ” said Arnaud Deboeuf  Stellantis Chief Manufacturing Officer. “With this allocation of Stellantis’ new fully BEV platform  STLA Medium  Eisenach plant’s highly skilled workforce will continue to improve the cost and the quality of the vehicles they produce to delight our customers.”“We have been building top-quality vehicles here in Thuringia for 31 years and improved our competitiveness continuously. We will stay on this clear path with the electric successor to the Opel Grandland ” said Florian Huettl  Opel CEO. “This decision is another important step for Opel on the way to the declared goal of being a purely electric brand in Europe by 2028.”“At Stellantis  ‘We Win Together’ is a core value and this announcement for Eisenach demonstrates that value in action ” said Xavier Chereau  Chairman of the Opel Supervisory Board and Chief Human Resources & Transformation Officer at Stellantis. “A focus on improving quality and costs from Eisenach management and employees  combined with the input and social dialogue with the German union representatives  help define the future.”“Thuringia is an automotive location with a great tradition that is currently making the transition to electromobility at top speed ” Thuringia Prime Minister Bodo Ramelow said. “Against this background  I am particularly pleased that Opel is playing a decisive role here and will be producing a future-proof model range in Eisenach.”Opened in September 1992 with production of the Opel Astra  the Eisenach Assembly Plant is in the state of Thuringia  central Germany. In 2022 the plant celebrated its 30 th anniversary with an Open Day event that commemorated production of 3.7 million vehicles.The Eisenach investment is a key step in meeting the commitments of the Dare Forward 2030 strategic plan  which is led by deep emission cuts to slash CO2 in half by 2030  benchmarking 2021 metrics  and achieve carbon net zero by 2038 with single digit percentage compensation of the remaining emissions. Core targets for Dare Forward 2030 also include 100% of passenger car sales in Europe and 50% of passenger car and light-duty truck sales in the United States to be BEVs by the end of the decade; the ambition of doubling Net Revenues by 2030 (versus 2021) and sustaining double-digit Adjusted Operating Income margins throughout the decade; and the aim to become number one in customer satisfaction for products and services in every market by 2030.Stellantis is investing more than €30 billion through 2025 in electrification and software to deliver BEVs that meet customer demands.The current models from Eisenach: Opel Grandland and Grandland GSeThe Opel Grandland from Eisenach has made a name for itself in the compact SUV segment. Sporty and elegant  intuitive to operable and equipped with innovative technologies  it inspires customers. With the fully digital Pure Panel  it offers a new kind of cockpit experience. In addition  the Grandland is equipped with further top technologies and assistance systems that customers have previously only been familiar with from higher vehicle classes. First and foremost is the adaptive IntelliLux LED® Pixel light with a total of 168 LED elements. There is also Night Vision: the system that detects pedestrians and animals in the dark at a distance of up to 100 meters and actively warns the driver. The Opel SUV proudly wears the new face of the brand - the Opel Vizor. Customers have a choice of highly efficient combustion engine and plug-in hybrid variants. The top model is the sporty Opel Grandland GSe with electric all-wheel drive.###About StellantisStellantis N.V. (NYSE: STLA / Euronext Milan: STLAM / Euronext Paris: STLAP) is one of the world's leading automakers and a mobility provider. Its storied and iconic brands embody the passion of their visionary founders and today’s customers in their innovative products and services  including Abarth  Alfa Romeo  Chrysler  Citroën  Dodge  DS Automobiles  Fiat  Jeep ®   Lancia  Maserati  Opel  Peugeot  Ram  Vauxhall  Free2move and Leasys. Powered by our diversity  we lead the way the world moves – aspiring to become the greatest sustainable mobility tech company  not the biggest  while creating added value for all stakeholders as well as the communities in which it operates. For more information  visit www.stellantis.com.@Stellantis Stellantis Stellantis StellantisFor more information  contact:Fernão SILVEIRA +31 6 43 25 43 41 – fernao.silveira@stellantis.comSascha WOLFINGER +49 173 3200 402 – sascha.wolfinger@stellantis.comHarald HAMPRECHT +49-160-9781733 – harald.hamprecht@opel-vauxhall.comcommunications@stellantis.comwww.stellantis.comFORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTSThis communication contains forward-looking statements. In particular  statements regarding future events and anticipated results of operations  business strategies  the anticipated benefits of the proposed transaction  future financial and operating results  the anticipated closing date for the proposed transaction and other anticipated aspects of our operations or operating results are forward-looking statements. These statements may include terms such as “may”  “will”  “expect”  “could”  “should”  “intend”  “estimate”  “anticipate”  “believe”  “remain”  “on track”  “design”  “target”  “objective”  “goal”  “forecast”  “projection”  “outlook”  “prospects”  “plan”  or similar terms. Forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance. Rather  they are based on Stellantis’ current state of knowledge  future expectations and projections about future events and are by their nature  subject to inherent risks and uncertainties. They relate to events and depend on circumstances that may or may not occur or exist in the future and  as such  undue reliance should not be placed on them.Actual results may differ materially from those expressed in forward-looking statements as a result of a variety of factors  including: the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic  the ability of Stellantis to launch new products successfully and to maintain vehicle shipment volumes; changes in the global financial markets  general economic environment and changes in demand for automotive products  which is subject to cyclicality; changes in local economic and political conditions  changes in trade policy and the imposition of global and regional tariffs or tariffs targeted to the automotive industry  the enactment of tax reforms or other changes in tax laws and regulations; Stellantis’ ability to expand certain of their brands globally; its ability to offer innovative  attractive products; its ability to develop  manufacture and sell vehicles with advanced features including enhanced electrification  connectivity and autonomous-driving characteristics; various types of claims  lawsuits  governmental investigations and other contingencies  including product liability and warranty claims and environmental claims  investigations and lawsuits; material operating expenditures in relation to compliance with environmental  health and safety regulations; the intense level of competition in the automotive industry  which may increase due to consolidation; exposure to shortfalls in the funding of Stellantis’ defined benefit pension plans; the ability to provide or arrange for access to adequate financing for dealers and retail customers and associated risks related to the establishment and operations of financial services companies; the ability to access funding to execute Stellantis’ business plans and improve its businesses  financial condition and results of operations; a significant malfunction  disruption or security breach compromising information technology systems or the electronic control systems contained in Stellantis’ vehicles; Stellantis’ ability to realize anticipated benefits from joint venture arrangements; disruptions arising from political  social and economic instability; risks associated with our relationships with employees  dealers and suppliers; increases in costs  disruptions of supply or shortages of raw materials  parts  components and systems used in Stellantis’ vehicles; developments in labor and industrial relations and developments in applicable labor laws; exchange rate fluctuations  interest rate changes  credit risk and other market risks; political and civil unrest; earthquakes or other disasters; risks and other items described in the Company’s Annual Report on Form 20-F for the year ended December 31  2022 and Current Reports on Form 6-K and amendments thereto filed with the SEC; and other risks and uncertainties.Any forward-looking statements contained in this communication speak only as of the date of this document and Stellantis disclaims any obligation to update or revise publicly forward-looking statements. Further information concerning Stellantis and its businesses  including factors that could materially affect Stellantis’ financial results  is included in Stellantis’ reports and filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission and AFM.Attachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.76,0.24,0.0,True,English,"['Electric Opel Grandland Successor', 'Eisenach Assembly Plant', 'Stellantis', 'Germany', 'double-digit Adjusted Operating Income margins', 'adaptive IntelliLux LED® Pixel light', 'Thuringia Prime Minister Bodo Ramelow', 'single digit percentage compensation', 'Dare Forward 2030 strategic plan', 'New battery electric vehicle', 'Stellantis Chief Manufacturing Officer', 'sporty Opel Grandland GSe', 'Opel Grandland compact SUV', 'new STLA Medium platform', 'Electric Opel Grandland Successor', 'Chief Human Resources', 'compact SUV segment', 'higher vehicle classes', 'German union representatives', 'Open Day event', 'deep emission cuts', 'light-duty truck sales', 'digital Pure Panel', 'up to 100 meters', 'efficient combustion engine', 'The Opel SUV', 'future-proof model range', 'Opel Supervisory Board', 'BEV successor vehicle', 'The Opel Grandland', 'electric product lineup', 'passenger car sales', 'The Eisenach investment', 'Eisenach Assembly Plant', 'Stellantis N.V.', 'Current Eisenach production', 'electric successor', '168 LED elements', 'compact plant', 'electric lineup', 'Transformation Officer', 'BEV platform', 'new kind', 'new face', 'new BEV', 'electric hybrid', 'current models', 'top model', 'Citroën', 'Opel CEO', 'Opel Astra', 'Opel Vizor', 'Eisenach plant', 'bold commit', 'hybrid variants', 'strong drive', 'Arnaud Deboeuf', 'skilled workforce', 'clear path', 'Florian Huettl', 'important step', 'electric brand', 'Xavier Chereau', 'social dialogue', 'automotive location', 'great tradition', 'top speed', 'decisive role', '30 th anniversary', 'key step', 'remaining emissions', 'Core targets', 'United States', 'Net Revenues', 'customer satisfaction', 'customer demands', 'innovative technologies', 'top technologies', 'assistance systems', 'Night Vision', 'wheel drive', 'Euronext Milan', 'Euronext Paris', 'leading automakers', 'mobility provider', 'iconic brands', 'visionary founders', 'Alfa Romeo', 'Eisenach management', 'Plant allocation', 'second half', 'top-quality vehicles', '3.7 million vehicles', 'innovative products', 'core value', 'quality improvements', 'Stellantis products', 'central Germany', 'Electrification', 'goals', 'AMSTERDAM', 'producer', 'output', 'Europe', 'cost', 'customers', '31 years', 'competitiveness', 'decision', 'way', 'announcement', 'Chairman', 'focus', 'employees', 'input', 'transition', 'electromobility', 'background', 'September', 'commitments', 'CO2', '2021 metrics', 'carbon', 'BEVs', 'end', 'decade', 'ambition', 'aim', 'services', 'market', 'software', 'name', 'experience', 'addition', 'total', 'pedestrians', 'animals', 'dark', 'distance', 'driver', 'choice', 'NYSE', 'STLAM', 'STLAP', 'world', 'storied', 'passion', 'Abarth', 'Chrysler', 'Dod', '2024']",2023-03-22,2023-03-23,globenewswire.com
21144,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/BENETEAU-4622/news/Beneteau-2022-results-higher-than-forecast-Growth-and-increase-in-profitability-confirmed-for--43312965/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230322,Beneteau : 2022 results higher than forecast - Growth and increase in profitability confirmed for...,(marketscreener.com)    Home   Newsroom   All topics   2022 results higher than forecast - Growth and increase in profitability confirmed for 2023       Finance    Share on: ...https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/BENETEAU-4622/n…,"€m FY 2022 FY 2021 Change Reported data Constant exchange rates Revenues 1 508.1 1 227.1 + 22.9% + 19.4% - Boats 1 250.9 1044.7 + 19.7% + 15.6% - Housing 257.2 182.4 + 41.0% + 41.0% EBITDA 229.2 181.6 + 26.2% + 9.1% % EBITDA / revenues 15.2% 14.8% +0.4 pts - Boats 198.8 163.4 + 21.7% - Housing 30.4 18.3 + 66.7% + 2.7% Income from ordinary operations 154.7 95.8 + 61.5% + 29.3% % income from ordinary operations / revenues 10.3% 7.8% +2.5 pts - Boats 131.8 84.7 + 55.7% - Housing 22.8 11.1 + 105.9% Net income (Group share) 103.1 73.4 + 40.5% + 19.3% Free cash flow 28.3 176.3 + 105.9% Net cash 211.2 222.4Thanks to an excellent fourth quarter  Groupe Beneteau closed out FY 2022 with revenues of €1 508m  up 22.9% based on reported data compared with 2021. This performance reflects the outstanding growth achieved by both the Boat division and the Housing division.Ordinary operating margin of over 10% from 2022Full-year income from ordinary operations came to €154.7m for 2022  representing 10.3% of revenues  up 61.5% from 2021 (€95.8m). This +2.5 point improvement in the ordinary operating margin is consistent across both divisions (Boats +2.4 pts to 10.5% and Housing +2.8 pts to 8.9%). This reflects the combined impacts of the increase in activity for the Boat and Housing divisions (+€21m)  the continued reduction in depreciation (+€5m) and the operational performance achieved by the teams  which made it possible to limit the impact of the supply chain disruption and inflation (+€13m). This result also factors in the favorable change in exchange rates during the year (+€31m)  as well as the launch costs for a new industrial unit set up in Portugal (-€5m) and the treatment as expenses of development costs relating to a new ERP using SaaS software (-€6m).Consolidated EBITDA[1] climbed to €229.2m  representing 15.2% of revenues (vs. 14.8% in 2021)  up 26.2%.Net income growth of 40.5%  with €211m of net cashNet income came to €103.1m for FY 2022  up 40.5% compared with 2021. It includes -€12.3m of financial income and expenses (vs. -€2.5m in 2021)  linked primarily to currency hedging income and expenses (-€10m)  resulting from the change in euro-dollar exchange rates during the year.For the year  the share of associates represents a -€2.4m expense. The robust development of the charter and boat club markets in 2022 enabled the three companies in which the Group has been a shareholder since 2021 to achieve 27% growth in their full-year revenues  which are now back up to pre-Covid levels  combined with an €11m increase in their net income.The Group's shareholders' equity represented €706m at December 31  2022  compared with €630m at December 31  2021.Free cash flow generated during the year totaled €28m. This includes a normalization of finished product inventory levels (+€83m) and an increase in stock levels covering raw materials (+€27m). Net investments totaled €69m  coming in €9m higher than the level of depreciation for the year. They include the finalization of the plan to restart the Sainte-Hermine site for the Housing business (€6.6m).Net cash  following €24.5m of dividend payments  totaled €211m at December 31  2022.Lastly  the return on capital employed (ROCE1) represented 32% at December 31  2022 (vs. 24% at December 31  2021 and 14% at August 31  2019). This increase reflects the improvement in operational profitability  the rationalization of investment strategies and the effective management of working capital requirements.B-SUSTAINABLE CSR plan ramping upPresented on December 5  2022  the Group's CSR program B-SUSTAINABLE is built around three pillars: Engaged Crew  Preserved Oceans and Ethical Growth.One of the core priorities with the Engaged Crew pillar is the workplace accident frequency rate  which shows a very strong improvement for 2022  despite a context of high recruitment levels. The frequency rate for accidents resulting in time off work fell by more than 25% in 2022 compared with 2021. This represents a reduction of more than 50% since a proactive approach was rolled out in all of the Group's facilities in 2016. In view of the progress made  a new target for a further 15% reduction has been set for the next three years.Concerning the Preserved Oceans pillar  the Group reduced the intensity of direct CO2 equivalent emissions (Scope 1&2) per thousand hours worked by 14% in 2022 compared with 2021. The Group has now completed two lifecycle analyses of the Boat division's products. They are helping the Group draw up its innovation plan  which aims to offer alternative propulsion solutions across its entire portfolio by 2030  while gradually incorporating recycled resins into the industrialization of its boats.Lastly  as part of the stakes involved with the Ethical Growth pillar  the Group would like to engage the entire industry around a sustainable development approach. By linking up with Ecovadis  an international firm specialized in solutions for assessing responsible purchasing and CSR performance  the Group aims to ensure that the majority of its suppliers are certified by 2025.""The robust development of all the markets that the Group operates on  the quality of its product offering  and the excellent operational execution achieved despite the supply chain disruption that affected the entire industry enabled Groupe Beneteau to set two historic records  with over €1.5bn of revenues and €150m of income from ordinary operations. I would like to thank all of the Group's teams. They have once again showed extraordinary levels of commitment and dedication to achieve the initial ambition from our Let's Go Beyond! strategic plan from 2022. The Group is therefore perfectly positioned to achieve its new objective looking ahead to 2025""  confirms Bruno Thivoyon  Chief Executive Officer.GROWTH AND PROFITABILITY CONFIRMED FOR 2023Boats: premiumization and increase in profitability confirmedThe 20 new models presented in 2022 are helping drive growth in the order book  while dealership inventory is back up to pre-Covid levels. In this context  the Boat division is expected to record revenue growth of over 10% at constant exchange rates in 2023.The Sailing business is benefiting from very strong demand for catamarans  linked in particular to the commercial success of the new LAGOON 51 and 55 models  as well as the launch of the EXCESS 14. Alongside this  demand for monohull sailing models is being supported by the launches of the FIRST 44  OCEANIS 60 and JEANNEAU YACHTS 55.For the Motor business  the launch of the JEANNEAU DB (37 and 43)  WELLCRAFT Adventure (355 and 435) and PRESTIGE Multihull (M48 and M8) ranges will enable the Group to move into new segments and continue rolling out its premiumization strategy.This strategy will enable the Boat division to continue to increase its ordinary operating margin  which is expected to reach over 10.5% in 2023  higher than 2022  which benefited from particularly favorable exchange effects.Housing: heading set for €300m of revenuesThe Housing division is expected to record over 15% growth in France and across the European market  paving the way for it to achieve revenues of nearly €300m in 2023. The ordinary operating margin is expected to be over 9.5%  up +0.6 points versus 2022.Group in 2023 in line with the heading set for 2025Groupe Beneteau expects to generate more than €1 660m of revenues in 2023  thanks to over 10% growth compared with 2022. Income from ordinary operations is expected to come in higher than €170m  representing 10.3% of revenues  in line with the new profitability target presented on December 5  2022.This forecast could be exceeded if the supply chain disruption continues to ease.The growth and the increase in profitability for the charter and boat club activities are expected to be reflected in a positive contribution by associates in 2023.Inclusion in the SBF 120On March 20  2023  Groupe Beneteau joined the SBF 120  one of the Paris stock market's leading indices that groups together the top 120 companies listed on Euronext Paris in terms of liquidity and market capitalization. This decision by Euronext's Expert Indices Committee on March 9  2023 follows the quarterly review of the Euronext Paris indices.** *PROPOSED DIVIDENDGroupe Beneteau's Board of Directors has decided to submit a dividend of €0.42 per share for approval at the Combined General Meeting on June 15  2023  up 40% compared with the dividend of €0.30 per share paid in 2022.Groupe Beneteau will report its 2023 first-quarter revenues on May 10 (after close of trading).** *A detailed presentation of the full-year business and financial results is available on the Groupe Beneteau website.The annual and consolidated financial statements presented here  as reviewed by the Board of Directors on March 21  2023  are currently being audited and will be definitively approved for the publication of the annual financial report by the end of April. The Board of Directors will approve the accounts on April 25  2023.^[1] See definition in the glossary",neutral,0.25,0.74,0.0,mixed,0.64,0.13,0.23,True,English,"['Beneteau', '2022 results', 'forecast', 'Growth', 'increase', 'profitability', 'direct CO2 equivalent emissions', 'finished product inventory levels', 'workplace accident frequency rate', 'Constant exchange rates Revenues', 'excellent fourth quarter', 'supply chain disruption', 'euro-dollar exchange rates', 'two lifecycle analyses', 'high recruitment levels', 'Free cash flow', 'Ordinary operating margin', 'new industrial unit', 'next three years', 'currency hedging income', 'boat club markets', 'working capital requirements', 'Engaged Crew pillar', 'Preserved Oceans pillar', 'alternative propulsion solutions', 'sustainable development approach', 'Ethical Growth pillar', 'B-SUSTAINABLE CSR plan', 'Net income growth', 'Covid levels', 'stock levels', 'Net cash', 'proactive approach', 'ordinary operations', 'development costs', 'new ERP', 'robust development', 'three companies', 'CSR program', 'three pillars', 'new target', 'outstanding growth', 'Net investments', 'Groupe Beneteau', 'Boat division', 'Full-year income', 'combined impacts', 'launch costs', 'SaaS software', 'financial income', '€2.4m expense', ""shareholders' equity"", 'raw materials', 'Sainte-Hermine site', 'operational profitability', 'investment strategies', 'effective management', 'core priorities', 'thousand hours', 'innovation plan', 'entire portfolio', 'recycled resins', 'entire industry', 'international firm', 'responsible purchasing', 'CSR performance', '+2.5 point improvement', 'operational performance', 'strong improvement', 'full-year revenues', 'favorable change', 'Housing division', 'Housing business', 'continued reduction', 'Consolidated EBITDA', 'The Group', '€11m increase', 'Group share', '27% growth', 'divisions', '15% reduction', 'data', 'Boats', 'activity', 'depreciation', 'teams', 'inflation', 'result', 'factors', 'Portugal', 'treatment', 'expenses', 'FY', 'associates', 'charter', 'December', 'normalization', 'finalization', 'payments', 'return', 'ROCE', 'August', 'rationalization', 'context', 'accidents', 'time', 'facilities', 'view', 'progress', 'intensity', 'Scope', 'products', 'industrialization', 'part', 'stakes', 'Ecovadis', 'majority', 'suppliers', '15.', '8', '2021', '24', '2022', '2025']",2023-03-22,2023-03-23,marketscreener.com
21145,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/03/22/2631945/0/en/WENDEL-Wendel-launches-a-circa-750m-issue-of-bonds-exchangeable-into-existing-ordinary-shares-of-Bureau-Veritas-due-2026.html,WENDEL: Wendel launches a circa €750m issue of bonds exchangeable into existing ordinary shares of Bureau Veritas due 2026,PRESS RELEASE – MARCH 22  2023  Wendel launches a circa €750m issue of bonds exchangeable into existing ordinary shares of Bureau Veritas due 2026 ...,"English FrenchPRESS RELEASE – MARCH 22  2023Wendel launches a circa €750m issue of bonds exchangeable into existing ordinary shares of Bureau Veritas due 2026I ssue of circa € 750 million of bond s exchangeable into Bureau Veritas shares at a premium of 2 5 % above the reference share priceWendel reiterates its full confidence in Bureau Veritas’ strategyParis  on 22 March 2023Wendel (the “Issuer”)  owning 35.5% of Bureau Veritas’ share capital and 51.7% of its voting rights  announces its intention to issue a bond exchangeable for Bureau Veritas shares (the “Shares”).Confident in the upside potential of Bureau Veritas’ share price  Wendel wants to maintain a significant exposure to Bureau Veritas and has decided to issue a circa €750 million bond exchangeable into Shares (the “Bonds”) as an efficient funding source.Following the issuance of the Bonds  Wendel will retain control of Bureau Veritas and will continue to work closely with the management team on its strategy. Should the Bonds be fully exchanged at maturity  Wendel will retain a stake of approximately 30.6% in Bureau Veritas’ share capital and approximately 46.1% of its voting rights. This level of ownership will enable Wendel to remain a significant shareholder of Bureau Veritas.The Bonds will have a maturity of 3 years  except in case of early redemption  exchange or purchase and cancellation. The Bonds are expected to carry a coupon of between 2.125% and 2.875% per annum  payable annually in arrear on March 27 of each year  commencing on March 27  2024. The Bonds will be issued at an issue price of 100% of their principal amount and  unless previously redeemed  exchanged  or purchased and cancelled  will be redeemed at their principal amount on March 27  2026 (the “Maturity Date”). The initial exchange price is expected to be set at a premium of 25% above the reference share price  which will be equal to the Volume Weighted Average Price (“VWAP”) of the Shares on Euronext Paris between opening of trading on March 22  2023 (the “Launch Date”) and pricing on the same day.The Bonds will be offered only by way of an offering to qualified investors only  as defined in article 2(e) of Regulation 2017/1129  as amended (the “Prospectus Regulation”)  pursuant to Article L.411-2  1° of the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier) in France and outside of France (excluding the United States of America  Canada (with the exception of the province of Ontario)  Australia  South Africa and Japan)  without an offer to the public (other than to qualified investors) in any country (including France).The definitive terms and conditions of the Bonds (the “Terms and Conditions”) will be determined following the completion of the bookbuilding process. Settlement and delivery of the Bonds is expected to take place on March 27  2023 (the “Issue Date”).Wendel plans to use the proceeds from this transaction to finance its general corporate purposes and for diversification of its funding sources.Wendel has agreed to a lock-up from pricing of the Bonds until 90 days after the Issue Date  subject to certain exceptions.Laurent Mignon  CEO of Wendel  commented:“With the issuance of this exchangeable bond  Wendel is seizing the currently attractive financing opportunities in the equity-linked market to optimize funding sources and to implement an active portfolio management. Last week  we announced our intention to invest c.€2 billion of equity within two years  while optimizing Wendel's financial flexibility. This transaction enables us to retain further upside potential in Bureau Veritas’ share price as we remain confident on the company’s prospects. Wendel intends to continue its active support of the Bureau Veritas management team to pursue value creation.”Key characteristics of the BondsTotal amount of the issue c.€750 million Maturity1 3.0 years / March 27  2026 Issue / Redemption price 100.0% Exchange premium2 25% Yield to maturity per annum 2.125 – 2.875% Coupon 2.125 – 2.875% per annum  payable annually in arrear Principal Amount €100 000 for each Bond Exchange period3 From the 41st day after the Issue Date until the 30th business day preceding Maturity Date Exchange ratio4 Principal Amount divided by the prevailing Exchange Price Issue Date Expected March 27  2023 Listing Euronext AccessTM market of Euronext ParisThe Bonds offering will be led by Goldman Sachs Bank Europe SE and BNP Paribas acting as Joint Bookrunners. Goldman Sachs Bank Europe SE is the Sole Global Coordinator of the transaction. Crédit Agricole CIB is acting as a Co-Manager.This press release does not constitute or form a part of any offer to subscribe nor a solicitation to buy or subscribe any financial instrument of Bureau Veritas or Wendel  and the placement of the Bonds do not constitute  in any circumstances  a public offering (other than to qualified investors) in any country  including France.Important noticeThe information contained in this press release is for background purposes only and does not purport to be full or complete.No reliance may be placed by any person for any purpose on the information contained in this press release or its accuracy  fairness or completeness.No action has been taken by the Issuer  the Company  Goldman Sachs Bank Europe SE  BNP Paribas and Crédit Agricole CIB (the “Managers”) or any of their respective affiliates that would permit an offering of the Bonds or possession or distribution of this press release or any offering or publicity material relating to the Bonds in any jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required. Persons into whose possession this press release comes are required by the Issuer  the Company and the Managers to inform themselves about  and to observe  any such restrictions.Copies of this press release are not being  and must not be  mailed or otherwise forwarded  distributed or sent in  into or from the United States or any other jurisdiction in which such mailing would be illegal  or to publications with a general circulation in those jurisdictions  and persons receiving this press release (including custodians  nominees and trustees) must not mail or otherwise forward  distribute or send it in  into or from the United States or any other jurisdiction in which such mailing would be illegal or to publications with a general circulation in those jurisdictions.This press release is not for release  publication or distribution  directly or indirectly in or into the United States (including its territories and dependencies  any state of the United States and the District of Columbia) or to U.S Persons  or in or into Australia  Canada (with the exception of the province of Ontario)  Japan or South Africa. This press release does not contain or constitute an offer to sell securities or the solicitation of any offer to buy securities  nor shall there be any offer of securities in any jurisdiction in which such offer or sale would be unlawful.The distribution of this press release may be restricted by law in certain jurisdictions and persons into whose possession any document or other information referred to herein come should inform themselves about and observe any such restriction. Any failure to comply with these restrictions may constitute a violation of the securities laws of any such jurisdiction.This press release is an advertisement and not a prospectus within the meaning of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129  as amended (the “Prospectus Regulation”) and of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of the United Kingdom (“UK”) domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the “EUWA”) (the “UK Prospectus Regulation”). This press release is not an offer to the public other than to qualified investors  or an offer to subscribe or designed to solicit interest for purposes of an offer to the public other than to qualified investors in any jurisdiction  including France.The Bonds have been and will be offered only by way of an offering in France and outside France (excluding the United States of America  Australia  Canada (with the exception of the province of Ontario)  South Africa  Japan and any other jurisdiction where a registration process or an approval would be required by applicable laws and regulations)  solely to qualified investors as defined in Article 2(e) of the Prospectus Regulation  in accordance with Article L. 411-2  1° of the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier) and Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation. There will be no public offering in any country (including France) in connection with the Bonds  other than to qualified investors. This press release does not constitute a recommendation concerning the issue of the Bonds. The value of the Bonds and the shares of the Company can decrease as well as increase. Potential investors should consult a professional adviser as to the suitability of the Bonds for the person concerned.Prohibition of sales to European Economic Area retail investorsThe Bonds are not intended to be offered  sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered  sold or otherwise made available to  and no action has been undertaken or will be undertaken to offer  sell or otherwise make available any Bonds to any retail investor in the European Economic Area (the “EEA”). For the purposes of this provision  a “retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of the following: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU  as amended (“MiFID II”); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97  as amended (the “Insurance Distribution Directive”)  where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) a person other than a “qualified investor” as defined in the Prospectus Regulation  and (B) the expression “offer” includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Bonds to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or to subscribe to the Bonds. Consequently  no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014  as amended (the ""PRIIPs Regulation"") for offering or selling the Bonds or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been or will be prepared and therefore offering or selling the Bonds or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.Prohibition of sales to UK retail InvestorsThe Bonds are not intended to be offered  sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered  sold or otherwise made available to  and no action has been undertaken or will be undertaken to offer  sell or otherwise make available any Bonds to any retail investor in the United Kingdom (“UK”). For the purposes of this provision  a “retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of the following: (i) a retail client as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000  as amended (the “FSMA”) and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement the Insurance Distribution Directive  where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a “qualified investor” as defined in point (e) of article 2 the Prospectus Regulation as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; and (B) the expression “offer” includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Bonds to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or to subscribe to the Bonds. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Bonds or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been or will be prepared and therefore offering or selling the Bonds or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.MIFID II product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the purposes of each manufacturer’s product approval process  the target market assessment in respect of the Bonds has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Bonds is eligible counterparties and professional clients  each as defined in MiFID II; and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Bonds to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering  selling or recommending the Bonds (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the manufacturers’ target market assessment; however  a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Bonds (by either adopting or refining the manufacturers’ target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.UK MiFIR product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the purposes of each manufacturer’s product approval process  the target market assessment in respect of the Bonds has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Bonds is only eligible counterparties  as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook (“COBS”)  and professional clients  as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (“UK MiFIR”); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Bonds to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering  selling or recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the manufacturers’ target market assessment; however  a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the “UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules”) is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Bonds (by either adopting or refining the manufacturers’ target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.FranceThe Bonds have not been and will not be offered or sold or cause to be offered or sold  directly or indirectly  to the public in France other than to qualified investors. Any offer or sale of the Bonds and distribution of any offering material relating to the Bonds have been and will be made in France only to qualified investors (investisseurs qualifiés)  as defined in Article 2 (e) of the Prospectus Regulation  in accordance with Article L. 411-2  1° of the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier).United KingdomThis press release is addressed and directed only at persons who (i) are located outside the UK  (ii) are investment professionals as defined in Article 19(5) of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Financial Promotion) Order 2005  as amended (the “Order”)  (iii) are high net worth companies  and other persons to whom it may lawfully be communicated  falling within by Article 49(2) (a) to (d) of the Order (the persons mentioned in paragraphs (i)  (ii) and (iii) collectively being referred to as “Relevant Persons”). The Bonds and  as the case may be  the shares to be delivered upon exercise of the exchange rights (the “Financial Instruments”)  are intended only for Relevant Persons and any invitation  offer or agreement related to the subscription  tender  or acquisition of the Financial Instruments may be addressed and/or concluded only with Relevant Persons. All persons other than Relevant Persons must abstain from using or relying on this document and all information contained therein.This press release is not a prospectus which has been approved by the Financial Conduct Authority or any other UK regulatory authority for the purposes of Section 85 of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000.United StatesThis press release may not be releases  published or distributed in or into the United States (including its territories and dependencies  any state of the United States and the District of Columbia). This press release does not constitute a solicitation to purchase or an offer of the Bonds or the shares of the Company in the United States. The Bonds and the Shares referred to herein have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the “Securities Act”)  or the securities laws of any state of the United States  and such securities may not be offered  pledge or otherwise transferred in the United States  or to  or for the account or benefit of  U.S. Persons (as defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act (“Regulation S”) absent registration under the Securities Act or pursuant to an available exemption from  or in a transaction not subject to   the registration requirements thereof an applicable state of securities laws. The Issuer does not intend to make a public offer if the securities in the United States.In addition  until 40 calendar days after the commencement of the offering of the Bonds  an offer or sale of the Bonds within the United States by a dealer (whether or not it is participating in the offering may violate the registration requirement of the Securities Act.Australia  Canada  Japan and South AfricaThe Bonds may not and will not be offered  sold or purchase in Australia  Canada (with the exception of the province of Ontario)  Japan or South Africa. The information contained in this press release does not constitute an offer of securities for sale in Australia  Canada (with the exception of the province of Ontario)  Japan or South Africa.The distribution of this press release in certain countries may constitute a breach of applicable law.The Managers are acting exclusively for the Issuer and no one else in connection with the Bonds offering. They will not regard any other person as their respective clients in relation to the Bonds offering and will not be responsible to anyone other than the Issuer for providing the protections afforded to their respective clients  nor for providing advice in relation to the Issuer  the contents of this press release or any transaction  arrangement or other matter referred to herein.None of the Managers or any of their respective affiliates  directors  officers  employees  advisers or agents accepts any responsibility or liability whatsoever for or makes any representation or warranty  express or implied  as to the truth  accuracy or completeness of the information in this press release (or whether any information has been omitted from it) or any other information relating to the Issuer  its subsidiaries or associated companies  whether written  oral or in a visual or electronic form  and howsoever transmitted or made available or for any loss howsoever arising from any use of this press release or its contents or otherwise arising in connection therewith.The Managers and any of their respective affiliates acting as an investor for its own account or the account of its clients may take up the Bonds or the ordinary shares to be transferred and delivered upon exchange of the Bonds (the “Securities”) and in that capacity may retain  purchase or sell for their own account the Securities or any other Securities of the Company or related investments  and may offer or sell the Securities or other investments otherwise than in connection with the Bonds offering. The Managers do not intend to disclose the extent of any such investment or transactions otherwise than in accordance with any legal or regulatory obligation to do so. In addition  each of the Managers and their respective affiliates may perform services for  or solicit business from  the Issuer or members of the Issuer’s group  may make markets in the securities of such persons and/or have a position or effect transactions in such securities (including without limitation asset swaps or derivative transactions relating to such securities).Press contacts Analyst and investor contactsChristine Anglade-Pirzadeh: +33 (0)1 42 85 63 24c.anglade@wendelgroup.comCaroline Decaux: +33 (0)1 42 85 91 27c.decaux@wendelgroup.comPrimaticeOlivier Labesse: +33 (0)6 79 11 49 71olivierlabesse@primatice.comHugues Schmitt: +33 (0)6 71 99 74 58huguesschmitt@primatice.com Olivier Allot: +33 (0)1 42 85 63 73o.allot@wendelgroup.comLucile Roch: +33 (0)1 42 85 63 72l.roch@wendelgroup.com1 The Bonds will be redeemed at par on the Maturity Date  subject to Wendel's option to deliver existing shares of Bureau Veritas and  as the case may be  an additional amount in cash. The Bonds may be redeemed earlier at Wendel’s option under certain conditions. In addition  the holders of Bonds may demand early redemption of the Bonds in the event of a change in control triggering a downgrade event of Wendel or in the event of a change of control or a delisting of Bureau Veritas  subject to certain exceptions as defined in the Terms and Conditions.2 Exchange premium above the VWAP of the Shares on Euronext Paris between opening of trading on the Launch Date and pricing on the same day.3 Bondholders may exercise their exchange right at any time from (and including) the 41st calendar day after the Issue Date until (and including) the 30th business day before the Maturity Date  or until the 10th business day preceding the relevant early redemption date  if applicable.4 Subject to any subsequent adjustments as described in the Terms and Conditions of the Bonds. In the event that Bondholders exercise their exchange rights  they will be entitled to receive  at the option of Wendel  either an amount in cash  or an amount in cash plus a number of Shares or Shares only.Attachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.42,0.26,0.32,True,English,"['circa €750m issue', 'existing ordinary shares', 'Bureau Veritas', 'WENDEL', 'bonds', 'Goldman Sachs Bank Europe SE', 'prevailing Exchange Price Issue Date', 'Crédit Agricole CIB', 'Volume Weighted Average Price', 'Bureau Veritas’ share capital', 'Bureau Veritas’ share price', 'Bureau Veritas management team', 'Maturity Date Exchange ratio4', 'reference share price', 'initial exchange price', 'attractive financing opportunities', 'Sole Global Coordinator', 'Code monétaire', 'general corporate purposes', 'active portfolio management', 'efficient funding source', '30th business day', 'circa €750m issue', 'Bond Exchange period3', 'existing ordinary shares', 'Bureau Veritas shares', 'Bureau Veritas’ strategy', 'Euronext AccessTM market', 'arrear Principal Amount', 'issue price', 'Redemption price', 'The Bonds offering', 'Launch Date', 'Financial Code', 'equity-linked market', 'active support', 'background purposes', 'same day', 'funding sources', '41st day', 'Total amount', 'English French', 'PRESS RELEASE', 'full confidence', 'voting rights', 'bond exchangeable', 'upside potential', 'significant exposure', '€750 million bond', 'significant shareholder', 'early redemption', 'Euronext Paris', 'qualified investors', 'French Monetary', 'United States', 'South Africa', 'bookbuilding process', 'Laurent Mignon', 'exchangeable bond', 'financial flexibility', 'value creation', 'Key characteristics', 'BNP Paribas', 'Joint Bookrunners', 'financial instrument', 'Important notice', 'Prospectus Regulation', 'Article L.', 'definitive terms', 'public offering', 'two years', '3 years', '3.0 years', 'MARCH', 'Wendel', 'premium', 'Issuer', 'intention', 'issuance', 'control', 'stake', 'level', 'ownership', 'case', 'purchase', 'cancellation', 'coupon', 'annum', 'VWAP', 'opening', 'trading', 'way', 'financier', 'France', 'America', 'Canada', 'exception', 'province', 'Ontario', 'Australia', 'Japan', 'country', 'conditions', 'completion', 'Settlement', 'delivery', 'place', 'proceeds', 'transaction', 'diversification', 'lock-up', 'pricing', 'CEO', 'company', 'prospects', 'Maturity1', 'Yield', 'Co-Manager', 'part', 'solicitation', 'circumstances', 'information', 'reliance', '2 5', '90', '2.']",2023-03-22,2023-03-23,globenewswire.com
21146,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/WENDEL-4671/news/WENDEL-Wendel-launches-a-circa-750m-issue-of-bonds-exchangeable-into-existing-ordinary-shares-of-B-43306055/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230322,WENDEL: Wendel launches a circa 750m issue of bonds exchangeable into existing ordinary shares of Bureau Veritas due 2026,(marketscreener.com) PRESS RELEASE – MARCH 22  2023 Wendel launches a circa €750m issue of bonds exchangeable into existing ordinary shares of Bureau Veritas due 2026 Issue of circa €750 million of bonds exchangeable into Bureau Veritas shares at a premium of…,"PRESS RELEASE – MARCH 22  2023Wendel launches a circa €750m issue of bonds exchangeable into existing ordinary shares of Bureau Veritas due 2026I ssue of circa € 750 million of bond s exchangeable into Bureau Veritas shares at a premium of 2 5 % above the reference share priceWendel reiterates its full confidence in Bureau Veritas’ strategyParis  on 22 March 2023Wendel (the “Issuer”)  owning 35.5% of Bureau Veritas’ share capital and 51.7% of its voting rights  announces its intention to issue a bond exchangeable for Bureau Veritas shares (the “Shares”).Confident in the upside potential of Bureau Veritas’ share price  Wendel wants to maintain a significant exposure to Bureau Veritas and has decided to issue a circa €750 million bond exchangeable into Shares (the “Bonds”) as an efficient funding source.Following the issuance of the Bonds  Wendel will retain control of Bureau Veritas and will continue to work closely with the management team on its strategy. Should the Bonds be fully exchanged at maturity  Wendel will retain a stake of approximately 30.6% in Bureau Veritas’ share capital and approximately 46.1% of its voting rights. This level of ownership will enable Wendel to remain a significant shareholder of Bureau Veritas.The Bonds will have a maturity of 3 years  except in case of early redemption  exchange or purchase and cancellation. The Bonds are expected to carry a coupon of between 2.125% and 2.875% per annum  payable annually in arrear on March 27 of each year  commencing on March 27  2024. The Bonds will be issued at an issue price of 100% of their principal amount and  unless previously redeemed  exchanged  or purchased and cancelled  will be redeemed at their principal amount on March 27  2026 (the “Maturity Date”). The initial exchange price is expected to be set at a premium of 25% above the reference share price  which will be equal to the Volume Weighted Average Price (“VWAP”) of the Shares on Euronext Paris between opening of trading on March 22  2023 (the “Launch Date”) and pricing on the same day.The Bonds will be offered only by way of an offering to qualified investors only  as defined in article 2(e) of Regulation 2017/1129  as amended (the “Prospectus Regulation”)  pursuant to Article L.411-2  1° of the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier) in France and outside of France (excluding the United States of America  Canada (with the exception of the province of Ontario)  Australia  South Africa and Japan)  without an offer to the public (other than to qualified investors) in any country (including France).The definitive terms and conditions of the Bonds (the “Terms and Conditions”) will be determined following the completion of the bookbuilding process. Settlement and delivery of the Bonds is expected to take place on March 27  2023 (the “Issue Date”).Wendel plans to use the proceeds from this transaction to finance its general corporate purposes and for diversification of its funding sources.Wendel has agreed to a lock-up from pricing of the Bonds until 90 days after the Issue Date  subject to certain exceptions.Laurent Mignon  CEO of Wendel  commented:“With the issuance of this exchangeable bond  Wendel is seizing the currently attractive financing opportunities in the equity-linked market to optimize funding sources and to implement an active portfolio management. Last week  we announced our intention to invest c.€2 billion of equity within two years  while optimizing Wendel's financial flexibility. This transaction enables us to retain further upside potential in Bureau Veritas’ share price as we remain confident on the company’s prospects. Wendel intends to continue its active support of the Bureau Veritas management team to pursue value creation.”Key characteristics of the BondsTotal amount of the issue c.€750 million Maturity1 3.0 years / March 27  2026 Issue / Redemption price 100.0% Exchange premium2 25% Yield to maturity per annum 2.125 – 2.875% Coupon 2.125 – 2.875% per annum  payable annually in arrear Principal Amount €100 000 for each Bond Exchange period3 From the 41st day after the Issue Date until the 30th business day preceding Maturity Date Exchange ratio4 Principal Amount divided by the prevailing Exchange Price Issue Date Expected March 27  2023 Listing Euronext AccessTM market of Euronext ParisThe Bonds offering will be led by Goldman Sachs Bank Europe SE and BNP Paribas acting as Joint Bookrunners. Goldman Sachs Bank Europe SE is the Sole Global Coordinator of the transaction. Crédit Agricole CIB is acting as a Co-Manager.This press release does not constitute or form a part of any offer to subscribe nor a solicitation to buy or subscribe any financial instrument of Bureau Veritas or Wendel  and the placement of the Bonds do not constitute  in any circumstances  a public offering (other than to qualified investors) in any country  including France.Important noticeThe information contained in this press release is for background purposes only and does not purport to be full or complete.No reliance may be placed by any person for any purpose on the information contained in this press release or its accuracy  fairness or completeness.No action has been taken by the Issuer  the Company  Goldman Sachs Bank Europe SE  BNP Paribas and Crédit Agricole CIB (the “Managers”) or any of their respective affiliates that would permit an offering of the Bonds or possession or distribution of this press release or any offering or publicity material relating to the Bonds in any jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required. Persons into whose possession this press release comes are required by the Issuer  the Company and the Managers to inform themselves about  and to observe  any such restrictions.Copies of this press release are not being  and must not be  mailed or otherwise forwarded  distributed or sent in  into or from the United States or any other jurisdiction in which such mailing would be illegal  or to publications with a general circulation in those jurisdictions  and persons receiving this press release (including custodians  nominees and trustees) must not mail or otherwise forward  distribute or send it in  into or from the United States or any other jurisdiction in which such mailing would be illegal or to publications with a general circulation in those jurisdictions.This press release is not for release  publication or distribution  directly or indirectly in or into the United States (including its territories and dependencies  any state of the United States and the District of Columbia) or to U.S Persons  or in or into Australia  Canada (with the exception of the province of Ontario)  Japan or South Africa. This press release does not contain or constitute an offer to sell securities or the solicitation of any offer to buy securities  nor shall there be any offer of securities in any jurisdiction in which such offer or sale would be unlawful.The distribution of this press release may be restricted by law in certain jurisdictions and persons into whose possession any document or other information referred to herein come should inform themselves about and observe any such restriction. Any failure to comply with these restrictions may constitute a violation of the securities laws of any such jurisdiction.This press release is an advertisement and not a prospectus within the meaning of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129  as amended (the “Prospectus Regulation”) and of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of the United Kingdom (“UK”) domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the “EUWA”) (the “UK Prospectus Regulation”). This press release is not an offer to the public other than to qualified investors  or an offer to subscribe or designed to solicit interest for purposes of an offer to the public other than to qualified investors in any jurisdiction  including France.The Bonds have been and will be offered only by way of an offering in France and outside France (excluding the United States of America  Australia  Canada (with the exception of the province of Ontario)  South Africa  Japan and any other jurisdiction where a registration process or an approval would be required by applicable laws and regulations)  solely to qualified investors as defined in Article 2(e) of the Prospectus Regulation  in accordance with Article L. 411-2  1° of the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier) and Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation. There will be no public offering in any country (including France) in connection with the Bonds  other than to qualified investors. This press release does not constitute a recommendation concerning the issue of the Bonds. The value of the Bonds and the shares of the Company can decrease as well as increase. Potential investors should consult a professional adviser as to the suitability of the Bonds for the person concerned.Prohibition of sales to European Economic Area retail investorsThe Bonds are not intended to be offered  sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered  sold or otherwise made available to  and no action has been undertaken or will be undertaken to offer  sell or otherwise make available any Bonds to any retail investor in the European Economic Area (the “EEA”). For the purposes of this provision  a “retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of the following: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU  as amended (“MiFID II”); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97  as amended (the “Insurance Distribution Directive”)  where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) a person other than a “qualified investor” as defined in the Prospectus Regulation  and (B) the expression “offer” includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Bonds to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or to subscribe to the Bonds. Consequently  no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014  as amended (the ""PRIIPs Regulation"") for offering or selling the Bonds or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been or will be prepared and therefore offering or selling the Bonds or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.Prohibition of sales to UK retail InvestorsThe Bonds are not intended to be offered  sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered  sold or otherwise made available to  and no action has been undertaken or will be undertaken to offer  sell or otherwise make available any Bonds to any retail investor in the United Kingdom (“UK”). For the purposes of this provision  a “retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of the following: (i) a retail client as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000  as amended (the “FSMA”) and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement the Insurance Distribution Directive  where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a “qualified investor” as defined in point (e) of article 2 the Prospectus Regulation as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; and (B) the expression “offer” includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Bonds to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or to subscribe to the Bonds. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Bonds or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been or will be prepared and therefore offering or selling the Bonds or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.MIFID II product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the purposes of each manufacturer’s product approval process  the target market assessment in respect of the Bonds has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Bonds is eligible counterparties and professional clients  each as defined in MiFID II; and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Bonds to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering  selling or recommending the Bonds (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the manufacturers’ target market assessment; however  a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Bonds (by either adopting or refining the manufacturers’ target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.UK MiFIR product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the purposes of each manufacturer’s product approval process  the target market assessment in respect of the Bonds has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Bonds is only eligible counterparties  as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook (“COBS”)  and professional clients  as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (“UK MiFIR”); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Bonds to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering  selling or recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the manufacturers’ target market assessment; however  a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the “UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules”) is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Bonds (by either adopting or refining the manufacturers’ target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.FranceThe Bonds have not been and will not be offered or sold or cause to be offered or sold  directly or indirectly  to the public in France other than to qualified investors. Any offer or sale of the Bonds and distribution of any offering material relating to the Bonds have been and will be made in France only to qualified investors (investisseurs qualifiés)  as defined in Article 2 (e) of the Prospectus Regulation  in accordance with Article L. 411-2  1° of the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier).United KingdomThis press release is addressed and directed only at persons who (i) are located outside the UK  (ii) are investment professionals as defined in Article 19(5) of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Financial Promotion) Order 2005  as amended (the “Order”)  (iii) are high net worth companies  and other persons to whom it may lawfully be communicated  falling within by Article 49(2) (a) to (d) of the Order (the persons mentioned in paragraphs (i)  (ii) and (iii) collectively being referred to as “Relevant Persons”). The Bonds and  as the case may be  the shares to be delivered upon exercise of the exchange rights (the “Financial Instruments”)  are intended only for Relevant Persons and any invitation  offer or agreement related to the subscription  tender  or acquisition of the Financial Instruments may be addressed and/or concluded only with Relevant Persons. All persons other than Relevant Persons must abstain from using or relying on this document and all information contained therein.This press release is not a prospectus which has been approved by the Financial Conduct Authority or any other UK regulatory authority for the purposes of Section 85 of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000.United StatesThis press release may not be releases  published or distributed in or into the United States (including its territories and dependencies  any state of the United States and the District of Columbia). This press release does not constitute a solicitation to purchase or an offer of the Bonds or the shares of the Company in the United States. The Bonds and the Shares referred to herein have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the “Securities Act”)  or the securities laws of any state of the United States  and such securities may not be offered  pledge or otherwise transferred in the United States  or to  or for the account or benefit of  U.S. Persons (as defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act (“Regulation S”) absent registration under the Securities Act or pursuant to an available exemption from  or in a transaction not subject to   the registration requirements thereof an applicable state of securities laws. The Issuer does not intend to make a public offer if the securities in the United States.In addition  until 40 calendar days after the commencement of the offering of the Bonds  an offer or sale of the Bonds within the United States by a dealer (whether or not it is participating in the offering may violate the registration requirement of the Securities Act.Australia  Canada  Japan and South AfricaThe Bonds may not and will not be offered  sold or purchase in Australia  Canada (with the exception of the province of Ontario)  Japan or South Africa. The information contained in this press release does not constitute an offer of securities for sale in Australia  Canada (with the exception of the province of Ontario)  Japan or South Africa.The distribution of this press release in certain countries may constitute a breach of applicable law.The Managers are acting exclusively for the Issuer and no one else in connection with the Bonds offering. They will not regard any other person as their respective clients in relation to the Bonds offering and will not be responsible to anyone other than the Issuer for providing the protections afforded to their respective clients  nor for providing advice in relation to the Issuer  the contents of this press release or any transaction  arrangement or other matter referred to herein.None of the Managers or any of their respective affiliates  directors  officers  employees  advisers or agents accepts any responsibility or liability whatsoever for or makes any representation or warranty  express or implied  as to the truth  accuracy or completeness of the information in this press release (or whether any information has been omitted from it) or any other information relating to the Issuer  its subsidiaries or associated companies  whether written  oral or in a visual or electronic form  and howsoever transmitted or made available or for any loss howsoever arising from any use of this press release or its contents or otherwise arising in connection therewith.The Managers and any of their respective affiliates acting as an investor for its own account or the account of its clients may take up the Bonds or the ordinary shares to be transferred and delivered upon exchange of the Bonds (the “Securities”) and in that capacity may retain  purchase or sell for their own account the Securities or any other Securities of the Company or related investments  and may offer or sell the Securities or other investments otherwise than in connection with the Bonds offering. The Managers do not intend to disclose the extent of any such investment or transactions otherwise than in accordance with any legal or regulatory obligation to do so. In addition  each of the Managers and their respective affiliates may perform services for  or solicit business from  the Issuer or members of the Issuer’s group  may make markets in the securities of such persons and/or have a position or effect transactions in such securities (including without limitation asset swaps or derivative transactions relating to such securities).Press contacts Analyst and investor contactsChristine Anglade-Pirzadeh: +33 (0)1 42 85 63 24c.anglade@wendelgroup.comCaroline Decaux: +33 (0)1 42 85 91 27c.decaux@wendelgroup.comPrimaticeOlivier Labesse: +33 (0)6 79 11 49 71olivierlabesse@primatice.comHugues Schmitt: +33 (0)6 71 99 74 58huguesschmitt@primatice.com Olivier Allot: +33 (0)1 42 85 63 73o.allot@wendelgroup.comLucile Roch: +33 (0)1 42 85 63 72l.roch@wendelgroup.com1 The Bonds will be redeemed at par on the Maturity Date  subject to Wendel's option to deliver existing shares of Bureau Veritas and  as the case may be  an additional amount in cash. The Bonds may be redeemed earlier at Wendel’s option under certain conditions. In addition  the holders of Bonds may demand early redemption of the Bonds in the event of a change in control triggering a downgrade event of Wendel or in the event of a change of control or a delisting of Bureau Veritas  subject to certain exceptions as defined in the Terms and Conditions.2 Exchange premium above the VWAP of the Shares on Euronext Paris between opening of trading on the Launch Date and pricing on the same day.3 Bondholders may exercise their exchange right at any time from (and including) the 41st calendar day after the Issue Date until (and including) the 30th business day before the Maturity Date  or until the 10th business day preceding the relevant early redemption date  if applicable.4 Subject to any subsequent adjustments as described in the Terms and Conditions of the Bonds. In the event that Bondholders exercise their exchange rights  they will be entitled to receive  at the option of Wendel  either an amount in cash  or an amount in cash plus a number of Shares or Shares only.Attachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.47,0.32,0.21,True,English,"['circa 750m issue', 'existing ordinary shares', 'Bureau Veritas', 'WENDEL', 'bonds', 'Goldman Sachs Bank Europe SE', 'prevailing Exchange Price Issue Date', 'Crédit Agricole CIB', 'Volume Weighted Average Price', 'Bureau Veritas’ share capital', 'Bureau Veritas’ share price', 'Bureau Veritas management team', 'Maturity Date Exchange ratio4', 'reference share price', 'initial exchange price', 'attractive financing opportunities', 'Sole Global Coordinator', 'Code monétaire', 'general corporate purposes', 'active portfolio management', 'efficient funding source', '30th business day', 'circa €750m issue', 'existing ordinary shares', 'Bureau Veritas shares', 'Bureau Veritas’ strategy', 'Bond Exchange period3', 'Euronext AccessTM market', 'arrear Principal Amount', 'issue price', 'Redemption price', 'The Bonds offering', '0.0% Exchange premium2', 'Launch Date', 'Financial Code', 'equity-linked market', 'active support', 'background purposes', 'same day', 'funding sources', '41st day', 'Total amount', 'PRESS RELEASE', 'full confidence', 'voting rights', 'bond exchangeable', 'upside potential', 'significant exposure', '€750 million bond', 'significant shareholder', 'early redemption', 'Euronext Paris', 'qualified investors', 'French Monetary', 'United States', 'South Africa', 'bookbuilding process', 'Laurent Mignon', 'exchangeable bond', 'financial flexibility', 'value creation', 'Key characteristics', 'BNP Paribas', 'Joint Bookrunners', 'financial instrument', 'Important notice', 'Prospectus Regulation', 'Article L.', 'definitive terms', 'public offering', 'two years', '3 years', '3.0 years', 'MARCH', 'Wendel', 'Issuer', 'intention', 'issuance', 'control', 'stake', 'level', 'ownership', 'case', 'purchase', 'cancellation', 'coupon', 'annum', 'VWAP', 'opening', 'trading', 'way', 'financier', 'France', 'America', 'Canada', 'exception', 'province', 'Ontario', 'Australia', 'Japan', 'country', 'conditions', 'completion', 'Settlement', 'delivery', 'place', 'proceeds', 'transaction', 'diversification', 'lock-up', 'pricing', 'CEO', 'company', 'prospects', 'Maturity1', 'Yield', 'Co-Manager', 'part', 'solicitation', 'circumstances', 'information', 'reliance', '2 5', '90', '2.']",2023-03-22,2023-03-23,marketscreener.com
21147,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/BIC-4617/news/BIC-Remuneration-of-Corporate-Officers-43312928/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230322,BIC: Remuneration of Corporate Officers,(marketscreener.com) FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE                         Remuneration of Corporate Officersin accordance with the AFEP-MEDEF Code of Corporate Governance for listed companies Clichy  France – March 22  2023 - In its meetings of...https://www.markets…,"FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASERemuneration of Corporate Officersin accordance with the AFEP-MEDEF Code of Corporate Governance for listed companiesClichy  France – March 22  2023 - In its meetings of February 14 and March 17  2023  under the presidence of Nikos Koumettis  the Board of Directors of SOCIETE BIC  upon the recommendations of the Remuneration Committee  and in accordance with the remuneration policy approved by the Annual General Meeting held on May 18  2022  decided the following in relation to the remuneration of BIC’s Corporate Officers:Remuneration for the fiscal year 2022:Chair of the Board: An annual fixed remuneration of 125 000 euros was granted to John Glen  Chair of the Board until May 18  2022. An annual fixed remuneration of 200 000 euros was granted to Nikos Koumettis  Chair of the Board from May 18  2022.Chief Executive Officer: Fixed remuneration for 2022: the annual fixed part of the remuneration for Gonzalve Bich as Chief Executive Officer was set at 850 000 US dollars (806 434 euros 1 ). Variable remuneration for 2022: following an examination of the performance criteria and with respect to a target of 1 105 500 US dollars  the variable part of the 2022 remuneration for Gonzalve Bich was set at 1 349 205 US dollars (1 280 688 euros 1 )  which corresponds to 122.1% of the target. The performance criteria will be detailed in the 2022 Universal Registration Document.Remuneration for the fiscal year 2023:The Board of Directors set the 2023 remuneration policy as follows:300 000 euros (unchanged vs. previous years) for the Chair of the Board. No variable remuneration is considered for the Chair of the Board.900 000 US dollars (854 295 euros 1 )  for Gonzalve Bich  Chief Executive Officer. Given the current exceptional situation with regards to inflation  the Board of Directors approved an increase to the fixed remuneration equivalent to 5.9%  in line with the average salary increase applied to the team members in the United States. The target for the variable part of the CEO remuneration remains unchanged at 130% of the fixed element  and the level free shares granted is not impacted by the proposed increase in fixed remuneration. The total direct remuneration at target will be increased by 3.15%.)  for Gonzalve Bich  Chief Executive Officer. Given the current exceptional situation with regards to inflation  the Board of Directors approved an increase to the fixed remuneration equivalent to 5.9%  in line with the average salary increase applied to the team members in the United States. The target for the variable part of the CEO remuneration remains unchanged at 130% of the fixed element  and the level free shares granted is not impacted by the proposed increase in fixed remuneration. The total direct remuneration at target will be increased by 3.15%. The balance between financial and individual objectives in the 2023 annual variable remuneration remains unchanged. In light of the AFEP-MEDEF recommendations published in December 2022  the Board of Directors has taken the opportunity to identify a specific climate-related objective  measured independently from the other individual objectives. The detail of the variable remuneration criteria for 2023 will be available in the 2022 Universal Registration Document.Under the provisions of articles L.22-10-34 II and L.22-10-8 of the French Commercial Code  the payment of the variable remuneration for 2022 and remuneration policy for the fiscal year 2023 are contingent on a positive vote of the Annual General Meeting that will be held on May 16  2023.***1 Amounts in US dollars were translated into euros using the average exchange rate for 2022 (1 € = 1.0535 USD).ABOUT BICA world leader in stationery  lighters and shavers  BIC brings simplicity and joy to everyday Life. For more than 75 years  the Company has honored the tradition of providing high-quality  affordable  essential products to consumers everywhere. Through this unwavering dedication  BIC has become one of the most recognized brands and is a trademark registered worldwide. Today  BIC products are sold in more than 160 countries around the world and feature iconic brands such as BIC Kids™  BIC FlexTM  BodyMark by BICTM  Cello®  Djeep  Lucky Stationery  Rocketbook  Soleil®  Tipp-Ex®  Us. TM  Wite-Out®  Inkbox and more. In 2022  BIC Net Sales were 2 233.9 million euros. The Company is listed on ""Euronext Paris"" "" is part of the SBF120 and CAC Mid 60 indexes and is recognized for its commitment to sustainable development and education. It received an A- Leadership score from CDP. For more  visit www.bic.com or follow us on LinkedIn  Instagram  Twitter  or YouTube.CONTACTSInvestor Relations teaminvestors.info@bicworld.comMichèle VenturaInvestor Relations Senior Managermichele.ventura@bicworld.comIsabelle de SegonzacImage 7  Press Relations contact+ 33 6 89 87 61 39isegonzac@image7.fr2023 AGENDAALL DATES TO BE CONFIRMED1st Quarter 2023 Results April 25  2023 (post market close) 2023 Annual General Meeting May 16  2023 2nd Quarter and 1st Half 2023 Results July 26  2023 (post market close) 3rd Quarter and 9 Months 2023 Results October 25  2023 (post market close)Attachment",neutral,0.04,0.96,0.0,positive,0.67,0.27,0.06,True,English,"['Corporate Officers', 'BIC', 'Remuneration', 'Michèle Ventura Investor Relations Senior Manager', 'high-quality, affordable, essential products', 'Investor Relations team', 'Press Relations contact', 'Chief Executive Officer', '2022 Universal Registration Document', 'current exceptional situation', 'level free shares', 'specific climate-related objective', 'average exchange rate', 'CAC Mid 60 indexes', 'A- Leadership score', 'Annual General Meeting', 'French Commercial Code', 'total direct remuneration', 'other individual objectives', 'BIC Net Sales', 'average salary increase', '2023 annual variable remuneration', 'annual fixed remuneration', 'variable remuneration criteria', 'BIC products', 'AFEP-MEDEF Code', 'performance criteria', 'team members', 'fixed element', 'IMMEDIATE RELEASE', 'Corporate Officers', 'Corporate Governance', 'listed companies', 'Nikos Koumettis', 'Remuneration Committee', 'remuneration policy', 'fiscal year', 'John Glen', 'Gonzalve Bich', 'United States', 'CEO remuneration', 'positive vote', 'everyday Life', 'unwavering dedication', 'recognized brands', 'iconic brands', 'Euronext Paris', 'sustainable development', 'Isabelle de', '1st Quarter', '2nd Quarter', '1st Ha', 'variable part', '850,000 US dollars', '1,105,500 US dollars', '1,349,205 US dollars', '900,000 US dollars', 'SOCIETE BIC', 'BIC Kids™', 'BIC FlexTM', 'bic.com', 'previous years', 'AFEP-MEDEF recommendations', 'world leader', 'The Board', '2022 remuneration', '75 years', 'accordance', 'Clichy', 'France', 'March', 'meetings', 'February', 'presidence', 'Directors', 'May', 'Chair', '125,000 euros', '200,000 euros', '434 euros', 'examination', 'respect', 'target', '300,000 euros', '295 euros', 'inflation', 'line', 'balance', 'financial', 'light', 'December', 'opportunity', 'detail', 'provisions', 'articles', 'II', 'L.', 'payment', '1 Amounts', 'ABOUT', 'stationery', 'shavers', 'simplicity', 'joy', 'Company', 'tradition', 'consumers', 'trademark', '160 countries', 'BodyMark', 'BICTM', 'Cello®', 'Djeep', 'Lucky', 'Rocketbook', 'Soleil®', 'Tipp', 'Ex®', 'Wite-Out®', 'Inkbox', 'SBF120', 'commitment', 'education', 'CDP', 'LinkedIn', 'Instagram', 'Twitter', 'YouTube', 'CONTACTS', 'bicworld', 'michele', 'Segonzac', 'Image', '2023 AGENDA', 'DATES', 'Results', 'April', 'market', '1.']",2023-03-22,2023-03-23,marketscreener.com
21148,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/SCATEC-ASA-18138342/news/Scatec-Online-Guide-for-virtual-participation-Lumi-43306603/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230322,Scatec : Online Guide for virtual participation  Lumi,(marketscreener.com)   GUIDE FOR ONLINE PARTICIPATION SCATEC ASA 18 April 2023   Scatec ASA will hold annual general meeting on 18 April 2023 at 10:00 am CEST as digital meeting  where you get the opportunity to participate online with your PC  phone or …,GUIDE FOR ONLINE PARTICIPATION SCATEC ASA 18 April 2023Scatec ASA will hold annual general meeting on 18 April 2023 at 10:00 am CEST as digital meeting  where you get the opportunity to participate online with your PC  phone or tablet. Below is a description of how to participate online.We also point out that you also can vote in advance or give a proxy before the meeting. See the notice for further details on advance voting and how to authorise a proxy. If you vote in advance or give a proxy  you can still log on to the general meeting to follow and ask questions  but you will not have the opportunity to vote on the items.By participating online  shareholders will receive a live webcast from the general meeting  the opportunity to ask written questions  and vote on each of the items. Secure identification of shareholders is done by using the unique reference number and PIN code assigned to each shareholder by the Norwegian Central Securities Depository (Euronext VPS) in relation to this General Meeting.No registration is required for shareholders who want to participate online  but shareholders must be logged in before the general meeting starts. Log ins after meeting has started will receive access  but with no voting rights.Shareholder who do not find their reference number and PIN code for access  or have other technical questions is welcome to call DNB Registrars Department on phone + 47 23 26 80 20 (between 08:00-15:30)HOW TO ACCESS THE ONLINE GENERAL MEETINGTo be able to participate online  you must go to the following website: https://dnb.lumiagm.comeither on your smartphone  tablet or PC. All major known browsers  such as Chrome  Safari  Edge  Firefox etc. are supported.enter Meeting ID: 119-382-817 and click Join:Alternatively put direct link in your browser https://dnb.lumiagm.com/119382817You must then identify yourself with.Ref. number from VPS for the general meeting PIN code from VPS for general meetingYou can only log in on the day of the meeting  minimum one hour before the general meeting starts.Once you have logged in  you will be taken to the information page for the general meeting. Here you will find information from the company  and how this works technically. Note that you must have internet access throughout the meeting. If you for some reason log off  just log in again following steps above.HOW TO RECEIVE YOUR REFERENCE NUMBER AND PIN CODEAll shareholders registered in the VPS are assigned their own unique reference and PIN code for use in the General Meeting  available to each shareholder through VPS Investor Services. Access VPS Investor Services  select Corporate Actions  General Meeting. Click on the ISIN and you can see your reference number (Ref.nr.) and PIN code.All VPS directly registered shareholders have access to investor services either via https://www.euronextvps.noor internet bank. Contact your VPS account operator if you do not have access.Shareholders who have not selected electronic corporate messages in Investor Services will also receive their reference number and PIN code by post together with the summons from the company (on registration form).,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.01,True,English,"['Online Guide', 'virtual participation', 'Scatec', 'Lumi', 'Norwegian Central Securities Depository', 'ONLINE PARTICIPATION SCATEC ASA', 'DNB Registrars Department', 'general meeting PIN code', 'electronic corporate messages', 'other technical questions', 'VPS account operator', 'ONLINE GENERAL MEETING', 'annual general meeting', 'VPS Investor Services', 'unique reference number', 'Corporate Actions', 'Ref. number', 'digital meeting', 'live webcast', 'written questions', 'Secure identification', 'voting rights', 'following website', 'Meeting ID', 'direct link', 'Ref.nr.', 'internet bank', 'Euronext VPS', 'information page', 'registration form', 'advance voting', 'internet access', 'GUIDE', '18 April', 'opportunity', 'PC', 'phone', 'tablet', 'description', 'proxy', 'notice', 'details', 'items', 'shareholders', 'relation', 'lumiagm', 'major', 'browsers', 'Chrome', 'Safari', 'Edge', 'Firefox', 'Join', 'day', 'company', 'reason', 'steps', 'use', 'ISIN', 'euronextvps', 'summons', '10:00']",2023-03-22,2023-03-23,marketscreener.com
21149,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/AVANTIUM-N-V-34281612/news/Avantium-Announces-2022-Results-Strong-progress-on-delivering-on-our-strategic-goals-and-the-commer-43305963/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230322,Avantium Announces 2022 Results: Strong progress on delivering on our strategic goals and the commercialisation of our proprietary technologies,(marketscreener.com)   AMSTERDAM  22 March 2023  07:00 hrs CEST - Avantium N.V.   a leading technology company in renewable chemistry  today reports its 2022 full-year results.   Key Business Progress in 2022:    For Avantium Renewable Polymers  2022…,"AMSTERDAM  22 March 2023  07:00 hrs CEST - Avantium N.V. (Euronext Amsterdam and Brussels: AVTX)  a leading technology company in renewable chemistry  today reports its 2022 full-year results.Key Business Progress in 2022:For Avantium Renewable Polymers  2022 was a breakthrough year: The conditions for Financial Close were achieved  including a €90 million Debt Facilities Agreement  which allowed Avantium to begin construction of the FDCA (furandicarboxylic acid) Flagship Plant; Construction of the FDCA Flagship Plant in Delfzijl is progressing well  with commercial production set to start in 2024; Eight new offtake agreements for FDCA and PEF (polyethylene furanoate) were secured in 2022 and early 2023 with well-known brand owners and industry leaders including Carlsberg  LVMH  AmBev and Henkel. In addition  Avantium announced this morning that it has signed an offtake agreements with Kvadrat. In total 14 offtake agreements for a wide range of applications have been signed; The first industrial technology license agreement for YXY ® Technology was signed with the US-based company Origin Materials ahead of original expectations;In Avantium Renewable Chemistries  operations of Ray Technology™ are back on track after a temporary pause in 2021 and preparations to scale-up to a commercial facility for plantMEG™ (mono-ethylene glycol) and plantMPG™ (mono-propylene glycol) have begun;For Volta Technology  two demonstration units have been successfully trialled at industrial sites in Germany and Greece;Avantium R&D Solutions (formerly known as Avantium Catalysis) has adopted a new growth strategy focusing on R&D solutions for sustainable chemistry  in addition to its existing offering; total revenues for Avantium R&D Solutions improved by 13%  compared with 2021  to €11.3 million.Key Financial Developments in 2022:Total revenues increased by 63% to €17.8 million (FY 2021: €10.9 million)  predominantly due to the payment of €5.0 million received from Origin Materials in 2022 as part of the transaction announced in February 2023. Other Income from government grants increased by 14% to €7.6 million (FY 2021: €6.7 million)  primarily related to the start of construction of the FDCA Flagship Plant;Net operating expenses were €43.1 million in 2022 (FY 2021: €33.7 million)  increasing primarily due to the planned increase in FTE during 2022  costs associated with new patent filings  and legal and advisory expenses related to Financial Close  the Equity Raise  and the Debt Facilities Agreement entered into for the financing of the FDCA Flagship Plant;Cash at 31 December 2022 was €64.9 million (31 December 2021: €34.9 million): The increase in the cash position was due to the successful capital raise of €41.6 million (net proceeds) by means of a public offering of shares in Avantium N.V. in April 2022  a €20.0 million cash investment in Avantium Renewable Polymers B.V. from Bio Plastics Investment Groningen in March 2022  and the first drawdown of €15.0 million under the Debt Facilities Agreement in November 2022; Net cash outflow in 2022 was €46.6 million (FY 2021: €18.1 million)  primarily related to planned investments in the engineering and construction of the FDCA Flagship Plant;The loss for the period was €31.6 million (2021: €24.4 million).Tom van Aken  Chief Executive Officer of Avantium  commented: ""I am very proud of what Avantium has accomplished in 2022  a transformational year for the company - evolving from a company primarily focused on R&D towards one with large-scale manufacturing and commercialisation capabilities. The start of the construction of our FDCA Flagship Plant was a significant milestone  and will enable the commercial launch of our plant-based  recyclable and high-performance polymer PEF to customers worldwide. We continue to see robust demand for FDCA and PEF as illustrated by us signing nine new FDCA and PEF offtake agreements with major brand owners for a range of applications. The Flagship Plant is a key component of our YXY® licensing strategy and the progress in constructing this facility was an important catalyst in establishing the recently announced transactions with Origin Materials to accelerate the mass production of FDCA and PEF. We have now clearly demonstrated the exciting potential to license our proprietary technologies and continue to make encouraging progress in this regard.""",neutral,0.05,0.94,0.0,mixed,0.49,0.18,0.33,True,English,"['Strong progress', 'strategic goals', 'proprietary technologies', 'Avantium', '2022 Results', 'commercialisation', 'first industrial technology license agreement', 'Avantium Renewable Polymers B.V.', 'furandicarboxylic acid) Flagship Plant', '€90 million Debt Facilities Agreement', 'Eight new offtake agreements', 'Avantium R&D Solutions', 'The Flagship Plant', 'Avantium N.V.', 'new growth strategy', 'new patent filings', 'two demonstration units', 'Plastics Investment Groningen', 'Tom van Aken', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'Avantium Renewable Chemistries', '€20.0 million cash investment', 'successful capital raise', 'YXY® licensing strategy', 'FDCA Flagship Plant', 'nine new FDCA', 'Net operating expenses', 'Key Financial Developments', 'major brand owners', 'Net cash outflow', 'Key Business Progress', 'leading technology company', 'PEF offtake agreements', '14 offtake agreements', 'industrial sites', 'first drawdown', 'YXY ® Technology', 'renewable chemistry', 'Ray Technology™', 'Volta Technology', 'net proceeds', 'key component', 'Avantium Catalysis', 'advisory expenses', 'Equity Raise', 'Financial Close', 'cash position', '2022 full-year results', 'breakthrough year', 'commercial production', 'polyethylene furanoate', 'industry leaders', 'Origin Materials', 'original expectations', 'temporary pause', 'mono-ethylene glycol', 'mono-propylene glycol', 'sustainable chemistry', 'existing offering', 'Other Income', 'government grants', 'public offering', 'transformational year', 'large-scale manufacturing', 'commercialisation capabilities', 'significant milestone', 'commercial launch', 'plant-based, recyclable', 'high-performance polymer', 'robust demand', 'important catalyst', 'mass production', 'exciting potential', 'proprietary technologies', 'encouraging progress', 'US-based company', 'total revenues', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'wide range', 'commercial facility', '22 March', '07:00 hrs', 'CEST', 'Brussels', 'AVTX', 'conditions', 'construction', 'Delfzijl', 'early', 'Carlsberg', 'LVMH', 'AmBev', 'Henkel', 'addition', 'Kvadrat', 'applications', 'operations', 'track', 'preparations', 'plantMEG™', 'plantMPG™', 'Germany', 'Greece', 'FY', 'payment', 'part', 'transaction', 'February', 'start', 'increase', 'FTE', 'costs', 'legal', 'financing', '31 December', 'means', 'shares', 'April', 'Bio', 'November', 'investments', 'engineering', 'loss', 'period', 'customers', 'regard', '2021']",2023-03-22,2023-03-23,marketscreener.com
21150,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/BOUSSARD-GAVAUDAN-HOLDI-36044/news/BGHL-EUR-NAV-s-43306003/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230322,BGHL (EUR): NAV(s),(marketscreener.com)                                       BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary Shares The Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited...https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/BOUSSARD-GAVAUDAN-HOLDI-36044/news/BGHL-EUR-NAV-s-…,"BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary SharesThe Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for the Company.Close of business 21 Mar 2023.Estimated NAVEuro Shares Sterling Shares Estimated NAV € 26.7153 £ 23.5696 Estimated MTD return -2.09 % -2.02 % Estimated YTD return -3.80 % -3.51 % Estimated ITD return 167.15 % 135.70 %NAV and returns are calculated net of management and performance feesMarket informationEuro Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close € 21.60 N/A Premium/discount to estimated NAV -19.15 % N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close N/A GBX 1 900.00 Premium/discount to estimated NAV N/A -19.39 %Transactions in own securities purchased into treasuryOrdinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares 850 N/A Average Price € 21.80 N/A Range of Price N/A N/ALiquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/ABGHL CapitalBGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Shares Outstanding 12 296 208 126 294 Held in treasury 850 N/A Shares Issued 12 297 058 126 294Estimated BG Fund NAVClass B Euro Shares (estimated) € 234.6430 Class GBP A Shares (estimated) £ 125.7968The Class B Euro Shares of BG Fund are not subject to investment manager fees  as the Investment Manager receives management fees and performance fees in respect of its role as Investment Manager of BGHL.For further information please contact:Boussard & Gavaudan Investment Management  LLP.Emmanuel Gavaudan +44 (0) 20 3751 5389 Email : info@bgam-uk.comThe Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has received the necessary approval of the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and the States of Guernsey Policy Council. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.This is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Neither the Company nor BG Fund ICAV has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that:all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results;the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; andif you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.Attachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.23,0.77,True,English,"['BGHL', 'EUR', 'NAV', 'A Liquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares', 'The Class B Euro Shares', 'BGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares', 'Class GBP A Shares', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'A N/A Average Price', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'Sterling Shares Shares', 'Euro Shares Amsterdam', 'US Investment Company Act', 'Sterling Shares Number', 'expert financial advice', 'GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED', 'Guernsey Policy Council', 'collective investment scheme', 'other professional advice', 'BG Fund ICAV', 'closed-ended investment company', 'UK Listing Authority', 'US Securities Act', 'Gavaudan Investment Management', 'investment manager fees', 'BG Fund NAV', '850 N/A Shares', 'The Shares', 'A Premium/discount', 'A Range', 'Dutch Authority', 'N/A GBX', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'US persons', 'Financial Markets', 'The Directors', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'The Company', 'investment performance', 'original investment', 'investment decision', 'performance fees', 'BGHL Capital', 'management fees', 'MTD return', 'YTD return', 'ITD return', 'financieel toezicht', 'Official List', 'applicable law', 'public offering', 'other jurisdiction', 'United States', 'following information', 'information purposes', 'NAV N', 'necessary approval', 'main market', 'future results', 'listed securities', 'Market information', 'BOUSSARD', 'business', 'returns', 'AEX', 'LSE', 'Transactions', 'treasury', 'respect', 'role', 'LLP.', 'Email', 'article', 'conjunction', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', 'mind', 'risk', 'past', 'guarantee', 'doubt', 'contents', 'communication', 'substitute', 'Attachment']",2023-03-22,2023-03-23,marketscreener.com
21151,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/AMG-ADVANCED-METALLURGICA-55482/news/AMG-Advanced-Metallurgical-Group-N-V-Announces-25-Shareholding-in-Zinnwald-Lithium-Plc-43313119/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230322,AMG Advanced Metallurgical Group N.V. Announces 25% Shareholding in Zinnwald Lithium Plc,(marketscreener.com) Amsterdam  22 March 2023 --- AMG Advanced Metallurgical Group N.V. is pleased to announce that it has agreed with Zinnwald Lithium Plc to subscribe for up to 124 million newly issued ordinary shares as a cornerstone investor to Zinnwald’s…,"Amsterdam  22 March 2023 (Regulated Information) --- AMG Advanced Metallurgical Group N.V. (“AMG”  EURONEXT AMSTERDAM: “AMG”) is pleased to announce that it has agreed with Zinnwald Lithium Plc (""Zinnwald”) (ZNWD  AIM) to subscribe for up to 124 million newly issued ordinary shares as a cornerstone investor to Zinnwald’s accelerated book build. The shares will be subscribed for at a 10% premium to the 20-day Volume Weighted Average Price (“VWAP”) as of the close of market on March 20  2023  that is  a price of 10.41 pence per share. Upon admission of the newly issued ordinary shares  expected on March 29  AMG will become a 25% shareholder of Zinnwald.Dr. Heinz Schimmelbusch  AMG’s CEO  commented  “AMG’s investment in Zinnwald is a valuable strategic opportunity. As a partner with Zinnwald  together we will pursue a definitive feasibility study for their project in Eastern Germany. Establishing a raw material base in Germany close to our Bitterfeld operations has obvious logistical and strategic benefits for AMG  and we look forward to working with Zinnwald on this exciting project.”This press release contains inside information within the meaning of Article 7(1) of the EU Market Abuse Regulation.This press release contains regulated information as defined in the Dutch Financial Markets Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht).About ZinnwaldZinnwald is an AIM quoted  lithium development company focused on becoming an important supplier to Europe’s fast-growing battery sector. The Company owns the integrated Zinnwald Lithium Project in Germany  a development-stage project with attractive economics and approved mining licence. A PEA published in September 2022  highlighted the positive economics of the Project with a Pre-tax NPV8 of US$1 605m  IRR of 39.0%  $192m EBITDA and a payback of just 3.3 years. The Project is located in the heart of Europe’s chemical and automotive industries and has the potential to be one of Europe’s more advanced battery grade lithium projects.About AMGAMG's mission is to provide critical materials and related process technologies to advance a less carbon-intensive world. To this end  AMG is focused on the production and development of energy storage materials such as lithium  vanadium  and tantalum. In addition  AMG's products include highly engineered systems to reduce CO 2 in aerospace engines  as well as critical materials addressing CO 2 reduction in a variety of other end use markets.AMG Clean Energy Materials segment combines AMG’s recycling and mining operations  producing materials for infrastructure and energy storage solutions while reducing the CO 2 footprint of both suppliers and customers. AMG Clean Energy Materials segment spans the vanadium  lithium  and tantalum value chains. AMG Critical Materials Technologies segment combines AMG’s leading vacuum furnace technology line with high-purity materials serving global leaders in the aerospace sector. AMG Critical Minerals segment consists of AMG’s mineral processing operations in antimony  graphite  and silicon metal.With approximately 3 400 employees  AMG operates globally with production facilities in Germany  the United Kingdom  France  the United States  China  Mexico  Brazil  India  Sri Lanka  and Mozambique  and has sales and customer service offices in Japan (www.amg-nv.com).For further information  please contact:AMG Advanced Metallurgical Group N.V. +1 610 975 4979Michele Fischermfischer@amg-nv.comDisclaimerCertain statements in this press release are not historical facts and are “forward looking.” Forward looking statements include statements concerning AMG’s plans  expectations  projections  objectives  targets  goals  strategies  future events  future revenues or performance  capital expenditures  financing needs  plans and intentions relating to acquisitions  AMG’s competitive strengths and weaknesses  plans or goals relating to forecasted production  reserves  financial position and future operations and development  AMG’s business strategy and the trends AMG anticipates in the industries and the political and legal environment in which it operates and other information that is not historical information. When used in this press release  the words “expects ” “believes ” “anticipates ” “plans ” “may ” “will ” “should ” and similar expressions  and the negatives thereof  are intended to identify forward looking statements. By their very nature  forward-looking statements involve inherent risks and uncertainties  both general and specific  and risks exist that the predictions  forecasts  projections and other forward-looking statements will not be achieved. These forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this press release. AMG expressly disclaims any obligation or undertaking to release publicly any updates or revisions to any forward-looking statement contained herein to reflect any change in AMG's expectations with regard thereto or any change in events  conditions  or circumstances on which any forward-looking statement is based.Attachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.2,0.03,0.78,True,English,"['AMG Advanced Metallurgical Group N.V.', 'Zinnwald Lithium Plc', '25% Shareholding', 'AMG Advanced Metallurgical Group N.V.', 'leading vacuum furnace technology line', '20-day Volume Weighted Average Price', 'Dutch Financial Markets Supervision Act', 'advanced battery grade lithium projects', 'AMG Clean Energy Materials segment', 'AMG Critical Materials Technologies segment', 'EU Market Abuse Regulation', 'other end use markets', 'AMG Critical Minerals segment', 'integrated Zinnwald Lithium Project', 'energy storage materials', 'related process technologies', 'energy storage solutions', 'growing battery sector', 'Dr. Heinz Schimmelbusch', 'definitive feasibility study', 'raw material base', 'less carbon-intensive world', 'customer service offices', 'valuable strategic opportunity', 'mineral processing operations', 'Forward looking statements', 'tantalum value chains', 'other forward-looking statements', 'Zinnwald Lithium Plc', 'lithium development company', 'financial position', 'high-purity materials', 'other information', 'strategic benefits', 'aerospace sector', 'Bitterfeld operations', 'mining operations', 'future operations', 'cornerstone investor', 'book build', 'obvious logistical', 'press release', 'important supplier', 'attractive economics', 'mining licence', 'A PEA', 'positive economics', 'Pre-tax NPV8', 'engineered systems', 'aerospace engines', 'global leaders', 'silicon metal', 'United Kingdom', 'United States', 'Sri Lanka', 'Michele Fischer', 'historical facts', 'future revenues', 'capital expenditures', 'financing needs', 'competitive strengths', 'business strategy', 'legal environment', 'similar expressions', 'exciting project', 'development-stage project', 'Regulated Information', 'ordinary shares', 'CO 2 reduction', 'CO 2 footprint', 'historical information', 'EURONEXT AMSTERDAM', 'automotive industries', 'future events', 'inherent risks', 'production facilities', 'Eastern Germany', 'ZNWD', 'AIM', '124 million', '10% premium', 'VWAP', 'close', 'March', '10.41 pence', '25% shareholder', 'CEO', 'investment', 'partner', 'meaning', 'financieel', 'Europe', 'September', 'IRR', 'payback', '3.3 years', 'heart', 'chemical', 'potential', 'mission', 'vanadium', 'addition', 'products', 'variety', 'recycling', 'infrastructure', 'suppliers', 'customers', 'antimony', 'graphite', '3,400 employees', 'France', 'China', 'Mexico', 'Brazil', 'India', 'Mozambique', 'sales', 'Japan', 'mfischer', 'plans', 'expectations', 'projections', 'objectives', 'targets', 'goals', 'strategies', 'performance', 'intentions', 'acquisitions', 'weaknesses', 'reserves', 'trends', 'political', 'words', 'expects', 'believes', 'negatives', 'nature', 'uncertainties', 'specific', 'predictions', 'forecasts', 'date', 'obligation', 'undertaking', 'revisions', 'change', 'regard', 'conditions', 'circumstances', 'Attachment']",2023-03-22,2023-03-23,marketscreener.com
21152,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/03/22/2631943/0/en/BGHL-GBP-NAV-s.html,BGHL (GBP): NAV(s),BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED      Ordinary Shares      The Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan...,"BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary SharesThe Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for the Company.Close of business 21 Mar 2023.Estimated NAVEuro Shares Sterling Shares Estimated NAV € 26.7153 £ 23.5696 Estimated MTD return -2.09 % -2.02 % Estimated YTD return -3.80 % -3.51 % Estimated ITD return 167.15 % 135.70 %NAV and returns are calculated net of management and performance feesMarket informationEuro Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close € 21.60 N/A Premium/discount to estimated NAV -19.15 % N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close N/A GBX 1 900.00 Premium/discount to estimated NAV N/A -19.39 %Transactions in own securities purchased into treasuryOrdinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares 850 N/A Average Price € 21.80 N/A Range of Price N/A N/ALiquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/ABGHL CapitalBGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Shares Outstanding 12 296 208 126 294 Held in treasury 850 N/A Shares Issued 12 297 058 126 294Estimated BG Fund NAVClass B Euro Shares (estimated) € 234.6430 Class GBP A Shares (estimated) £ 125.7968The Class B Euro Shares of BG Fund are not subject to investment manager fees  as the Investment Manager receives management fees and performance fees in respect of its role as Investment Manager of BGHL.For further information please contact:Boussard & Gavaudan Investment Management  LLP.Emmanuel Gavaudan +44 (0) 20 3751 5389 Email : info@bgam-uk.comThe Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has received the necessary approval of the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and the States of Guernsey Policy Council. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.This is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Neither the Company nor BG Fund ICAV has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that:all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results;the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; andif you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.Attachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.23,0.77,True,English,"['BGHL', 'GBP', 'NAV', 'A Liquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares', 'The Class B Euro Shares', 'BGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares', 'Class GBP A Shares', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'A N/A Average Price', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'Sterling Shares Shares', 'Euro Shares Amsterdam', 'US Investment Company Act', 'Sterling Shares Number', 'expert financial advice', 'GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED', 'Guernsey Policy Council', 'collective investment scheme', 'other professional advice', 'BG Fund ICAV', 'closed-ended investment company', 'UK Listing Authority', 'US Securities Act', 'Gavaudan Investment Management', 'investment manager fees', 'BG Fund NAV', '850 N/A Shares', 'The Shares', 'A Premium/discount', 'A Range', 'Dutch Authority', 'N/A GBX', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'US persons', 'Financial Markets', 'The Directors', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'The Company', 'investment performance', 'original investment', 'investment decision', 'performance fees', 'BGHL Capital', 'management fees', 'MTD return', 'YTD return', 'ITD return', 'financieel toezicht', 'Official List', 'applicable law', 'public offering', 'other jurisdiction', 'United States', 'following information', 'information purposes', 'NAV N', 'necessary approval', 'main market', 'future results', 'listed securities', 'Market information', 'BOUSSARD', 'business', 'returns', 'AEX', 'LSE', 'Transactions', 'treasury', 'respect', 'role', 'LLP.', 'Email', 'article', 'conjunction', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', 'mind', 'risk', 'past', 'guarantee', 'doubt', 'contents', 'communication', 'substitute', 'Attachment']",2023-03-22,2023-03-23,globenewswire.com
21153,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/ASR-NEDERLAND-N-V-28377340/news/ASR-Nederland-N-A-s-r-publishes-2022-Annual-Report-and-Climate-Report-43312530/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230322,ASR Nederland N : A.s.r. publishes 2022 Annual Report and Climate Report,(marketscreener.com)   Utrecht  the Netherlands  22 March 2023   a.s.r. publishes 2022 Annual Report and Climate Report   ASR Nederland N.V. publishes its 2022 annual report and climate report today. The integrated annual report covers both a.s.r.'s s…,Utrecht  the Netherlands  22 March 2023a.s.r. publishes 2022 Annual Report and Climate ReportASR Nederland N.V. (a.s.r.) publishes its 2022 annual report and climate report today. The integrated annual report covers both a.s.r.'s sustainability performance and its financial performance in 2022. This year  a.s.r. will once again publish a separate climate report with the aim of describing the principles and activities regarding climate for stakeholders. In the climate report  a.s.r. discusses the climate risks for its own activities  customers and society in general.Jos Baeten  CEO of a.s.r.: 'Today we present our Annual Report for 2022. It was a special year in many ways. Besides strong results  we show in this report that we have created sustainable value for our customers  our shareholders  our employees and for society. And of course  2022 was the year in which we announced our intention to merge a.s.r. and Aegon Nederland. We therefore also look back on 2022 with pride and look forward to the period ahead.'In addition to the Annual Report and Climate Report  a.s.r. today also publishes and the Solvency and Financial Condition Report (SFCR) for 2022. The documents can be downloaded at www.asrnederland.nl. The Annual Report is also available digitally at: www.asrnl.com/investor-relations/annual-reportsGeneral Meeting of ShareholdersThe Annual Report is scheduled for discussion at the General Meeting of Shareholders (AGM)  to be held on 31 May 2023. In addition to the usual items  the agenda also includes the proposal to reappoint Ingrid de Swart as a member of the Executive Board. In accordance with the Articles of Association  her current first term expires at the end of this AGM. The Supervisory Board intends to reappoint Ingrid de Swart for a period of four years.Also on the agenda will be the proposal to reappoint Gisella van Vollenhoven and Gerard van Olphen as members of the Supervisory Board. According to the retirement schedule  the current first term of both supervisory directors expires at the end of this AGM. The Supervisory Board intends to nominate Gisella van Vollenhoven and Gerard van Olphen for reappointment for a period of four years. Besides being a member of the Supervisory Board  Gisella van Vollenhoven also chairs the Remuneration Committee and is a member of the Nomination & ESG Committee. In addition to being a member of the Supervisory Board  Gerard van Olphen is also a member of the Audit and Risk Committee and Nomination & ESG Committee. Shareholders can vote on these reappointments at the AGM.The complete agenda and related documents for the AGM will be published on 11 April 2023.Media relations Investor relations Nienke Abid T: +31 (0)6 41 07 42 81 T: +31 (0)30 - 257 8600 E: nienke.abid@asr.nl E: ir@asr.nl www.asrnederland.nl www.asrnl.comAbout a.s.r.ASR Nederland N.V. (a.s.r.) is one of the top three insurance companies in the Netherlands. a.s.r. offers insurance  pension and mortgages to consumers  self-employed people and companies. In addition  a.s.r. is active as an asset manager for third parties. a.s.r. is listed on Euronext Amsterdam and is included in the AEX Index. For more information  please visit: www.asrnl.com.,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.67,0.32,0.01,True,English,"['ASR Nederland N', 'A.s.r.', '2022 Annual Report', 'Climate Report', 'ASR Nederland N.V.', 'top three insurance companies', 'Ingrid de Swart', 'current first term', 'Gisella van Vollenhoven', 'Gerard van Olphen', 'a.s.r.', 'Financial Condition Report', 'integrated annual report', 'separate climate report', 'The Supervisory Board', 'The Annual Report', 'Aegon Nederland', '2022 Annual Report', 'financial performance', 'Executive Board', 'supervisory directors', 'sustainability performance', 'climate risks', 'Jos Baeten', 'many ways', 'strong results', 'sustainable value', 'General Meeting', 'usual items', 'four years', 'retirement schedule', 'Remuneration Committee', 'ESG Committee', 'Risk Committee', 'Media relations', 'Investor relations', 'self-employed people', 'asset manager', 'third parties', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'AEX Index', 'special year', 'related documents', 'Nienke Abid', 'complete agenda', 'Utrecht', 'Netherlands', '22 March', 'aim', 'principles', 'activities', 'stakeholders', 'customers', 'society', 'CEO', 'shareholders', 'employees', 'course', 'intention', 'pride', 'period', 'addition', 'Solvency', 'SFCR', 'asrnederland', 'asrnl', 'investor-relations', 'annual-reports', 'discussion', 'AGM', '31 May', 'proposal', 'member', 'accordance', 'Articles', 'Association', 'reappointment', 'Nomination', 'Audit', '11 April', 'pension', 'mortgages', 'consumers', 'information']",2023-03-22,2023-03-23,marketscreener.com
21154,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/CNH-INDUSTRIAL-N-V-14424308/news/CNH-Industrial-Periodic-Report-on-300-Million-Buyback-Program-Completion-of-Second-50-million-tr-43314526/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230322,CNH Industrial: Periodic Report on $300 Million Buyback Program. Completion of Second $50 million tranche and launch of Third $50 million tranche,(marketscreener.com) London  March 22  2023 CNH Industrial N.V. announces that it has completed the second tranche of its $50 million share buyback in the framework of its $300 million common share buyback program with the transaction described in the table b…,London  March 22  2023CNH Industrial N.V. (NYSE: CNHI / MI: CNHI) announces that it has completed the second tranche of its $50 million share buyback (the “Second Tranche”) in the framework of its $300 million common share buyback program with the transaction described in the table below. The transaction  completed on March 13  2023  reported in aggregate  was based on automatic orders placed with the Company’s broker (who made its trading decisions as to the timing of the purchases independently of the Company based on instructions given before the commencement of the Company’s closed period under the applicable regulations). After the purchases announced today and considering those previously executed under the Second Tranche  the total invested amount is approximately €46 863 453.43 ($49 999 997.50) for a total amount of 3 065 368 common shares purchased.Date Number of common shares purchased Average priceper shareexcluding fees Considerationexcluding fees Consideration (**)excluding fees (€) (€) ($) March 13  2023 21 474 14.2349 305 680.24 327 261.27(*) All translations determined from Euro to US Dollar at the exchange rate reported by the European Central Bank on the date of each purchase.On March 14  2023 CNH Industrial has commenced a third tranche of $50 million share buyback (the “Third Tranche”) in the framework of its $300 million share buyback program previously announced on July 29  2022 (the “Program”). The purchases will be executed on Euronext Milan and on multilateral trading facilities (MTFs) in compliance with the Market Abuse Regulation and the terms and conditions of the existing authority granted by the general meeting of shareholders on April 13  2022. In the period  March 15  2023 to March 17  2023 the Company completed the following transactions under the Third Tranche  reported in aggregate  based on orders placed with the Company’s broker:Date Number of common shares purchased Average priceper shareexcluding fees Considerationexcluding fees Consideration (**)excluding fees (€) (€) ($) March 15  2023 280 000 13.5993 3 807 804.00 4 016 852.44 March 16  2023 188 000 13.2587 2 492 635.60 2 640 947.42 March 17  2023 188 000 13.1545 2 473 046.00 2 627 116.77 656 000 - 8 773 485.60 9 284 916.63As of March 17  2023  the Company currently holds 23 474 209 common shares in Treasury.Details of the transactions described in the table above  including the regulated markets where the purchases were made  are available on the Company’s corporate website under the Buyback Programs section at the following address: bit.ly/CNHI_Buyback.CNH Industrial (NYSE: CNHI / MI: CNHI) is a world-class equipment and services company. Driven by its purpose of Breaking New Ground  which centers on Innovation  Sustainability and Productivity  the Company provides the strategic direction  R&D capabilities  and investments that enable the success of its global and regional Brands. Globally  Case IH and New Holland Agriculture supply 360° agriculture applications from machines to implements and the digital technologies that enhance them; and CASE and New Holland Construction Equipment deliver a full lineup of construction products that make the industry more productive. The Company’s regionally focused Brands include: STEYR  for agricultural tractors; Raven  a leader in digital agriculture  precision technology and the development of autonomous systems; Flexi-Coil  specializing in tillage and seeding systems; Miller  manufacturing application equipment; Kongskilde  providing tillage  seeding and hay & forage implements; and Eurocomach  producing a wide range of mini and midi excavators for the construction sector  including electric solutions.Across a history spanning over two centuries  CNH Industrial has always been a pioneer in its sectors and continues to passionately innovate and drive customer efficiency and success. As a truly global company  CNH Industrial’s 37 000+ employees form part of a diverse and inclusive workplace  focused on empowering customers to grow  and build  a better world.For more information and the latest financial and sustainability reports visit: cnhindustrial.comFor news from CNH Industrial and its Brands visit: media.cnhindustrial.comContacts:Media RelationsEmail: mediarelations@cnhind.comInvestor RelationsEmail: investor.relations@cnhind.comAttachment,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,negative,0.0,0.39,0.61,True,English,"['$300 Million Buyback Program', 'Second $50 million tranche', 'Third $50 million tranche', 'CNH Industrial', 'Periodic Report', 'Completion', 'launch', '$300 million common share buyback program', '$300 million share buyback program', 'CNH Industrial N.V.', 'New Holland Construction Equipment', '$50 million share buyback', 'Buyback Programs section', 'European Central Bank', 'Market Abuse Regulation', 'R&D capabilities', 'manufacturing application equipment', 'New Holland Agriculture', 'multilateral trading facilities', 'world-class equipment', 'New Ground', 'construction products', 'construction sector', '3,065,368 common shares', '23,474,209 common shares', 'trading decisions', '360° agriculture applications', 'digital agriculture', 'second tranche', 'applicable regulations', 'Average price', 'US Dollar', 'exchange rate', 'third tranche', 'Euronext Milan', 'existing authority', 'general meeting', 'regulated markets', 'corporate website', 'following address', 'strategic direction', 'digital technologies', 'full lineup', 'agricultural tractors', 'precision technology', 'autonomous systems', 'wide range', 'midi excavators', 'electric solutions', 'two centuries', 'customer efficiency', '37,000+ employees', 'inclusive workplace', 'latest financial', 'regional Brands', 'Brands visit', 'Media Relations', 'automatic orders', 'closed period', 'following transactions', 'Case IH', 'seeding systems', 'forage implements', 'sustainability reports', 'services company', 'The Company', 'Investor Relations', 'total amount', 'global company', 'fees Consideration', 'London', 'March', 'NYSE', 'CNHI', 'framework', 'table', 'aggregate', 'broker', 'timing', 'purchases', 'instructions', 'commencement', 'Date', 'Number', 'translations', 'July', 'MTFs', 'compliance', 'terms', 'conditions', 'shareholders', 'April', 'Treasury', 'Details', 'purpose', 'Innovation', 'Productivity', 'investments', 'success', 'machines', 'industry', 'Raven', 'leader', 'development', 'Flexi-Coil', 'tillage', 'Miller', 'Kongskilde', 'hay', 'Eurocomach', 'mini', 'history', 'pioneer', 'sectors', 'part', 'diverse', 'customers', 'information', 'news', 'Contacts', 'Email', 'mediarelations', 'Attachment']",2023-03-22,2023-03-23,marketscreener.com
21155,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/LHYFE-137697440/news/Lhyfe-Doubled-commercial-pipeline-9-8-GW-at-end-2022-FY-2022-results-accelerating-investme-43305923/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230322,Lhyfe :  Doubled commercial pipeline: 9.8 GW at end-2022 - FY 2022 results: accelerating investments to build a European leader in green hydrogen production,(marketscreener.com)  Doubled commercial pipeline: 9.8 GW at end-2022Total commercial pipeline of 9.8 GW total production capacity at-end 2022 Execution and progress of projects with 759 MW at an advanced stage of development[1] Industrial scale-up…,"Doubled commercial pipeline: 9.8 GW at end-2022Total commercial pipeline of 9.8 GW total production capacity at-end 2022 (vs. 4.8 GW mid-April 2022)Execution and progress of projects with 759 MW at an advanced stage of development[1] (vs. 381 MW mid-April 2022)Industrial scale-up underway with the first 5 MW modular sites come into operation: up to 4 t/day at end-2023 (vs. 0.3 t/day in 2022)2026 financial targets confirmedEnd-2022 Mid-April 2022 Change Units in Operation 1 MW 1 MW - Projects at an advanced stage of development1 759 MW 380.5 MW +378.5 MW Project at “Advanced development[2]” stage 4.1 GW 2.3 GW +1.8 GW Projects at “Early stage2” stage 5.0 GW 2 2 GW +2.7 GW Total commercial pipeline 9.8 GW 4.8 GW +5.0 GWFY 2022 results: accelerating investments to build a European leader in green hydrogen production2.5-fold increase in workforce to 149 employeesAccelerating development  company structuring and projects investments: EBITDA -€17.0m in 2022Cash position of €144.5m at end 2022 to finance the development of projectsNantes (France) – 22 March 2023 – 07:00 – During its meeting held on 21 March 2023  the Board of Directors of Lhyfe (Euronext Paris – FR0014009YQ1 – LHYFE)  one of the world's pioneers in the production of green and renewable hydrogen to decarbonize industry and mobility  approved its consolidated financial statements for FY 2022 (from 1st January to 31 December 2022). The consolidated financial statements were audited  and an audit certificate will be issued in April by the statutory auditors.Matthieu Guesné  founder and Chairman-CEO of Lhyfe:“2022 was a major year for our development: accelerated investments in hydrogen production site projects  expansion of our teams in all regions  continued investment in R&D  progress in our offshore developments  new strategic and industrial agreements  improved cash position  etc.At the operating level  we passed a number of major milestones and by the end of 2022 had 50 MW in projects at the final stage of development and a commercial pipeline that reached 9.8 GW byyear-end  including 759 MW in projects at an advanced stage of development[3].Thanks to this success  2023 will see our production capacity rise to 4 tonnes of green and renewable hydrogen per day by year-end  vs. 300 kg at present.Green hydrogen is destined to play a major role in cutting C0 2 emissions and supporting energy transition  and it is becoming ever clearer that Lhyfe holds all the cards needed to become one of Europe's leading green hydrogen producers over the next few years.”Actions successes and projects progress in 2022Projects execution: 50 MW of projects achieving “Awarded” or “Construction” stages at end-2022In 2022  Lhyfe kept a strong pace in project development  with 50 MW at “Awarded[4]” or “Construction4” stage by year-end  through 10 sites  showing a sound progress since April 2022 (+27.5 MW vs. mid-April 2022 during the IPO).Lhyfe submitted 5 building permits and secured the land for 14 production unit projects in 2022.Among the projects at “Construction” stage  the following stand out:Lhyfe Pays de la Loire (Bouin): capacity expansion of Lhyfe's first production unit (approvals and equipment orders) was initiated in 2022. The current 1 MW capacity will be increased to 2.5 MW (around 1 tonne per day) in early 2024.Lhyfe Bretagne (Buléon): civil engineering works on the 2nd production site started in Q1 2023. The unit  expected to be commissioned in H2 2023  will have a 5 MW total production capacity (up to 2 tonnes of green and renewable hydrogen per day).Lhyfe Occitanie (Bessières): Lhyfe has been granted permit to build a 5 MW production unit in Bessières (Haute-Garonne). Commissioning is scheduled for end 2023.Lhyfe Bade-Würtemberg (Schwäbisch Gmünd  Germany): Lhyfe has submitted the permit to build on the land secured with the Schwabisch Gmund city a 10 MW production unit (capacity around 3 t/day). Plant commissioning is scheduled for the H1 2024.Tübingen (Germany): as part of the Deutsche Bahn and Siemens Mobility H2goesRail project  Lhyfe will launch installation of a 1 MW production site in the H2 2023 in Tübingen Germany  aimed at supplying hydrogen-powered trains on the Pforzheim-Horb-Tübingen line from 2024.Botnia Hydrogen (Sweden): Within the Botnia Hydrogen consortium  Lhyfe carries a project to develop hydrogen production and supply units in the north of Sweden. The 1st unit (1.5 MW production capacity) will address mainly HGVs and buses. The land and connexion have been secured. Production is expected to start in H2 2023.Portfolio of projects at an advanced stage of development3 doubled by end-2022By the end of 2022  Lhyfe's commercial pipeline had significantly increased to 9.8 GW total production capacity (vs. 4.8 GW mid-April 2022).Within the portfolio  projects at an advanced stage of development3 at year-end represented 759 MW in total production capacity (vs. 380.5 MW mid-April 2022).End-2022 Mid-April 2022 Change Units in Operation 1 MW 1 MW - Projects at “Construction[5]“ 9 MW 5.5 MW +3.5 MW Projects at “Awarded5“ stage 40 MW 17 MW +23 MW Projects at “Tender ready5“ stage 710 MW 358 MW +352 MW Projects at an advanced stage of development[6] 759 MW 380.5 MW +378.5 MW Projects at “Advanced development5“ stage 4.1 GW 2.3 GW +1.8 GW Projects at “Early stage5“ stage 5.0 GW 2.2 GW +2.7 GW Total commercial pipeline 9.8 GW 4.8 GW +5.0 GWMajor growth in green and renewable hydrogen production capacity expected in 2023 (x14 production capacity increase by year-end)At end-2022  Lhyfe's maximum production capacity totalled 300 kg of green and renewable hydrogen per day at Bouin alone.Following the significant progress made in 2022 and ongoing constructions in 2023 with the commissioning of the first 5 MW modular sites in France  Lhyfe intends to expand its installed production capacity strongly in 2023  raising it up to 4 tonnes of green and renewable hydrogen per day.€59.3m in grants secured by Lhyfe to dateAs it grows  Lhyfe continues to demonstrate its ability to finance the accelerated decarbonisation of industry and mobility within Europe by obtaining  following national and European calls for competitive projects  grants to finance its own R&D and production sites being deployed.Lhyfe secured a total of €16.4m in new grants in this past year  to add to the €18.7m it had previously obtained. The new grants in 2022 were for:renewable hydrogen production sites: €14.5m;R&D: €1.9m.Moreover  new grants secured for production site since 1 January 2023 total €24.2m. It is worth highlighting:TH2ICINO project (Towards H2ydrogen Integrated eConomies In Northern Italy)  for which Lhyfe will design  build and operate a site of at least 5 MW renewable hydrogen production in Lombardy by 2025. This project is one of the 9 “Hydrogen Valleys” projects that received EU support through the Clean Hydrogen Partnership  in which industrial hydrogen consumers are coupled with production and distribution infrastructure to cover the whole hydrogen value chain in a specific region.HOPE project (Hydrogen Offshore Production for Europe)  led by a consortium coordinated by Lhyfe  which aims to build the first 10 MW renewable hydrogen offshore production unit in the North Sea off the coast of Belgium by 2025  has received a positive assessment following the 2022-TC01-10 call for proposals of the Clean Hydrogen Partnership  co-financed by the European Union. The project partners started the preparation phase of the subsidy agreement  which will end no later than May 2023.Company structuringInternational deploymentPresent in 11 European countries  Lhyfe pursued its commercial development in 2022 opening new subsidiaries in 2022.After opening subsidiaries in Spain and the UK in the first half of the year  Lhyfe opened another in Canada in Q4 2022  bringing the number of international subsidiaries dedicated to business development to 7.Successful expansion of the workforce  in line with the Company's deployment and investment planWith a strong increase of its projects pipeline and growth of its corporate activities  Lhyfe recruited over 90 new employees in 2022 (2.5 fold increase in workforce). Several new key positions were created (Chief Financial Officer  VP Sales & Business Development  Head of HSE  Country managers for UK & Ireland and Spain  Head of HR  etc.).By the end of 2022 Lhyfe had 149 employees (vs. 57 at end-2021)  38% of whom in engineering  29% in sales development  11% in operations and 22% in central functions  to help deal with accelerated project implementation. At-end 2022  19% of all Lhyfe employees were based out of France.2022 financial resultsAnnual consolidated income statement(€m – IFRS standards) 31/12/2022 31/12/2021 Revenue 0.6 0.2 EBITDA[7] -17.0 -5.0 Current operating income -18.2 -5.7 Operating income -19.2 -5.7 Financial income -6.6 -3.0 Net income -25.8 -8.7Annual 2022 revenue was €0.6m after a commercial ramp-up in line with the Company's growth plan. Lhyfe's 2021 turnover was €0.2m and the first production site was commissioned in H2 2021.As Company expansion accelerated strongly  its EBITDA8 moved to -€17.0m in 2022 from -€5.0m in 2021. This was essentially the result of:+€8.3m in year-on-year payroll charges (€11.3m in 2022 vs. €3.0m in 2021) caused by the expansion of the workforce;+€4.4m in external costs caused by structuring expense (premises  travel  recruitment  communication & marketing  miscellaneous fees  etc.) and more R&D studies for the green hydrogen offshore production demonstrator (Sealhyfe platform).Operating income totalled -€19.2m vs. -€5.7m at end-2021. This includes -€1.0m of other non-current operating income and expense  mainly including expenses incurred in the IPO on Euronext that could not be deducted from the issue premium.Net loss came to -€25.8m vs -€8.7m one year earlier and includes -€6.6m financial loss comprising interest expense  foreign exchange loss and the accounting discount for the convertible bonds converted as part of the IPO (-€4.4m). This amount  which did not relate to any cash outlay  had no impact on Lhyfe's cash position.Consolidated balance sheet as at 31 December(€m – IFRS standards) 31/12/2022 31/12/2021 Shareholders' equity 133.6 -6.2 Net cash[8] 125.9 -5.5Change in cash position rose +€94.6m in 2022. This includes:-€15.1m in operating cash flow from the increase in workforce and Company structuring;-€12.9m in investment cash-flow primarily from: (i) equipment for production sites and containers; (ii) development costs linked to companies carrying production units; (iii) equipment to operate the Sealhyfe platform; and (iv) cost of designing future green hydrogen onshore production units and updating software owned by Lhyfe;+€122.6m in financing cash flow  primarily from the capital increase achieved at the IPO on Euronext.Following the IPO and bond conversion into shares  consolidated equity rose to €133.6m at end-2022.At 31 December 2022  the Company had €144.5m in available cash  raising its profile in terms of ability to finance production capacity and expand the commercial pipeline.Recent developmentsMoU with Centrica to develop offshore renewable green hydrogen production in the UKLhyfe has entered into a Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) with Centrica  a UK energy group and owner of British Gas  to develop the production of green and renewable hydrogen offshore in the UK. The two companies will explore combining their expertise to collaborate on a pilot green hydrogen production site in the Southern North Sea. The pilot will aim to combine Lhyfe's expertise in offshore green and renewable hydrogen production with Centrica's experience in gas storage and infrastructure to ensure that the hydrogen produced can be safely stored and used across the UK.Investment in Flexens  a Finnish developer of renewable hydrogen projects  to accelerate deployment in Nordic countriesIn March 2023  Lhyfe announced the acquisition of a 49% stake in the Finnish company Flexens  a renewable hydrogen project developer  becoming the company's largest shareholder.Through this investment  Lhyfe will be able to draw on a team of developers and experts with significant capabilities in energy system modelling and project development  an excellent network in Finland and Northern Europe  and a strong commercial pipeline with a total foreseen capacity exceeding 1.5 GW in Finland and abroad  including Kokkola project  the largest renewable green hydrogen project in Finland (300 MW - expected to be commissioned by 2027).Objectives confirmedLhyfe confirms the objectives set at the time of its IPO to make the company one of European leaders in green and renewable hydrogen production[9].Lhyfe is aiming for a 55 MW total installed capacity by 2024.By 2026  Lhyfe targets a total installed capacity of 200 MW and:consolidated revenue of around €200m;Group EBITDA[10] at break-even.By 2030  the Company intends to become a green hydrogen production reference player and to have over 3 GW total installed capacity.Over the long term  Lhyfe targets a Group EBITDA margin over 30%[11].Next meeting: general meeting of shareholders on Tuesday 23 May 2023.About LhyfeLhyfe is a European group dedicated to the energy transition  and a producer and supplier of green and renewable hydrogen. Its production sites and portfolio of projects aim to provide access to green and renewable hydrogen in industrial quantities  and to enter into a virtuous energy model allowing the decarbonization of entire sectors of industry and mobility.In 2021  Lhyfe inaugurated the world's first industrial green hydrogen production site in direct connection with a wind farm. In 2022  Lhyfe inaugurated the world's first pilot platform for green hydrogen production at sea.Lhyfe is present in 11 European countries and has 149 employees at the end of 2022. The company is listed on the Euronext market in Paris (ISIN: FR0014009YQ1 - mnemonic: LHYFE).For more information go to Lhyfe.comContactsInvestor relationsLHYFEMaria Pardo Saleme - CFOmaria.pardosaleme@lhyfe.com Financial press relationsACTUSManon Clairet+33 (0)1 53 67 36 73mclairet@actus.fr Business press relationsNouvelles GrainesClémence Rebours+33 (0)6 60 57 76 43c.rebours@nouvelles-graines.com[1] “Tender ready”  “Awarded” and “Construction” projects. See Section 10.1 of the registration document approved by AMF on 21 April 2022 and available on the Lhyfe website for definitions of these terms.[2] See Section 10.1 of the registration document approved by AMF on 21 April 2022 and available on the Lhyfe website for definitions of these terms.[3] “Tender ready”  “Awarded” and “Construction” projects. See Section 10.1 of the registration document approved by AMF on 21 April 2022 and available on the Lhyfe website for definitions of these terms.[4] See Section 10.1 of the registration document approved by AMF on 21 April 2022 and available on the Lhyfe website for definitions of these terms.[5] See section 10.1 of the registration document approved by AMF on 21 April 2022 and available on the Lhyfe website for definitions of these terms.[6] “Tender ready”  “Awarded” and “Construction” projects. See section 10.1 of the registration document approved by AMF on 21 April 2022 and available on the Lhyfe website for definitions of these terms.[7] EBITDA: consolidated operating income before depreciation and provisions[8] Net cash = available cash – current and non-current financial debts (excluding IFRS 16 lease debt)[9] Based on the assumptions detailed in Section 10.1 of the Registration Document approved by the AMF on 21 April 2022 and available on Lhyfe's website[10] Group EBITDA: current consolidated operating profit before depreciation  amortisation and provisions[11] Group EBITDA margin: ratio of “EBITDA to revenue”Appendix - Consolidated income statement€k 31/12/2022(12 months) 31/12/2021(12 months) Revenues 570 197 Income from ordinary activities 570 197 Cost of goods sold -394 -176 External expenses -7.261 -2.890 Personnel expenses -11.254 -3.005 Taxes. and similar payments -81 -23 Other current operating income and expenses 1.418 485 EBITDA -17.002 -5.411 Depreciation and amortisation of fixed assets -1.064 -261 Provisions for risks and charges -89 - 8 Current operating income -18.155 -5.680 Other non-current operating income and expenses -1.011 - Operating income -19.166 -5.680 Cost of financial debt -6.851 -3.052 Other financial income and expenses 209 8 Financial income -6.641 -3.044 Earnings before taxes -25.808 -8.724 Income tax -4 - Share of profit of equity-accounted companies -7 - Net income -25.819 -8.724 Basic and diluted earnings per share (€) -0.70 -0.45Appendix – Consolidated statement of financial positionASSETS€k 31/12/2022 31/12/2021 Intangible assets 4.711 1.686 Property  plant & equipment 12.807 4.948 Rights of use 3.383 2.832 Investments in equity-accounted companies 1.037 - Other non-current assets 1.007 633 Deferred tax assets - - Non-current assets 22.945 10.099 Inventories 142 - Trade receivables 63 224 Other current assets 5.070 2.345 Cash and cash equivalents 144.492 49.888 Current assets 149.766 52.457 Assets 172.711 62.556LIABILITIES€k 31/12/2022 31/12/2021 Share capital 479 2 Premiums 163.821 3.939 Reserves -4.897 -1.396 Net income -25.819 -8.724 Shareholders' equity 133.584 - 6.180 Non-current provisions 53 8 Non-current borrowings and financial debts 19.368 55.103 Non-current financial derivative instruments - 132 Deferred tax liabilities - - Other non-current liabilities 8.769 6.544 Non-current liabilities 28.190 61.787 Current provisions 44 - Current borrowings and financial debts 2.987 3.238 Trade payables 4.586 2.063 Other current liabilities 3.320 1.647 Current liabilities 10.937 6.949 Liabilities 172.711 62.556Appendix – Cash flow statement€k 2022(12 months) 2021(12 months) Net income -25.819 -8 724 Share of profit of equity-accounted companies 7 - Eliminations: - of depreciation  amortisation and provisions 1.153 269 - of net financial income 6.762 3 044 - of share-based payments 719 59 - change in fair value of financial instruments 89 - - other changes -28 - 486 Income tax of the period 4 - Impact of change in WCR: - Change in inventories -142 - - Change in receivables 161 -223 - Change in other current receivables -1.722 -1.467 - Change in trade payables 1.881 1.449 - Change in other current debt 1.880 1.422 Net cash flows from operating activities -15.055 -4.656 Acquisition of intangible fixed assets -3.116 -1.078 Acquisition of property  plant and equipment -8.397 -3.651 Disposal of property  plant and equipment 16 - Acquisition of financial assets -373 -12 Financial interest received - -8 Impact of changes in scope of consolidation -1.060 - Net cash flows from investment activities -12.930 -4.749 Capital increases  net of expenses 112.558 - New borrowings  net of expenses 10.434 47.940 Refundable prepayments received 857 - Subsidies received 1.537 4.425 Repayment of borrowings and current accounts -285 -35 Repayment of lease liabilities -210 - Sale / (Acquisition) of treasury shares -296 - Interest paid -2.005 -296 Net change in bank loans 3 - Net cash flows from financing activities 122.592 52.034 Impact of foreign exchange rate changes -3 - Change in cash position 94.604 42.629 Cash position start of period 49.888 7.258 Cash position end of period 144.492 49.888 Change in cash position 94.604 42.629This publication embed ""🔒 Actusnews SECURITY MASTER "".- SECURITY MASTER Key: mW9pYchvYW+Zmm+aaJZtl2dmbpxhxJWabmqZyGKaZMydcGuTxm+UaJaZZnBqlWVo- Check this key: https://www.security-master-key.com.Regulated information:Inside Information:- News release on accounts  results Full and original press release in PDF: https://www.actusnews.com/news/79002-lhyfe-pr-fy-2022-results-20230322-en.pdfReceive by email the next press releases of the company by registering on www.actusnews.com  it's free© 2023 ActusNews",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.72,0.27,0.01,True,English,"['Doubled commercial pipeline', 'green hydrogen production', 'FY 2022 results', 'European leader', 'Lhyfe', '9.8 GW', 'end-20', 'investments', 'Schwäbisch Gmünd', 'Siemens Mobility H2goesRail project', 'leading green hydrogen producers', 'first 5 MW modular sites', '5 MW total production capacity', '9.8 GW total production capacity', 'hydrogen production site projects', '2nd production site', 'civil engineering works', 'Schwabisch Gmund city', 'first production unit', 'Total commercial pipeline', 'consolidated financial statements', 'Pforzheim-Horb-Tübingen line', 'Doubled commercial pipeline', '1 MW production site', 'Botnia Hydrogen consortium', 'current 1 MW capacity', '1.5 MW production capacity', 'green hydrogen production', '5 MW production unit', '10 MW production unit', 'Lhyfe Bade-Würtemberg', 'Early stage2” stage', '14 production unit projects', 'Operation 1 MW 1 MW', 'Tübingen Germany', '2026 financial targets', 'renewable hydrogen', '1st unit', 'capacity expansion', '5 MW Project', 'advanced stage', 'final stage', 'Construction4” stage', 'Industrial scale-up', 'Change Units', 'European leader', '2.5-fold increase', 'company structuring', 'Cash position', 'Euronext Paris', '1st January', 'audit certificate', 'statutory auditors', 'Matthieu Guesné', 'major year', 'R&D', 'offshore developments', 'new strategic', 'industrial agreements', 'operating level', 'major milestones', 'major role', 'C0 2 emissions', 'energy transition', 'Actions successes', 'strong pace', '5 building permits', 'la Loire', 'equipment orders', 'Buléon', 'Bessières', 'Deutsche Bahn', 'hydrogen-powered trains', 'supply units', 'development1 759 MW', 'Construction” stage', 'project development', 'FY 2022 results', 'Projects execution', 'Plant commissioning', 'Advanced development', 'Accelerating development', 'sound progress', 'Lhyfe Pays', 'Lhyfe Bretagne', 'Lhyfe Occitanie', '1.8 GW Projects', 'projects investments', '10 sites', 'early 2024', '381 MW', '0.5 MW', '50 MW', '27.5 MW', '2.5 MW', '4 t', '3 t', '4.8 GW', '4.1 GW', '5.0 GW', '7 GW', 'end', 'April', 'workforce', '149 employees', 'EBITDA', 'Nantes', 'France', '22 March', 'meeting', '21 March', 'Board', 'Directors', 'world', 'pioneers', 'industry', '31 December', 'founder', 'Chairman-CEO', 'teams', 'regions', 'number', 'day', '300 kg', 'present', 'cards', 'years', 'Awarded', 'IPO', 'land', 'Bouin', 'approvals', '1 tonne', 'Q1', '2 tonnes', 'Haute-Garonne', 'H1 2024', 'part', 'installation', 'Sweden', 'north', 'HGVs', 'buses', 'connexion', 'Portfolio', 'development3', '0.3', '37', '07']",2023-03-22,2023-03-23,marketscreener.com
21156,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/03/22/2632778/0/en/Atari-enters-into-an-agreement-to-acquire-Night-Dive-Studios-and-announces-its-intention-to-proceed-with-the-issuance-of-30-M-bonds-convertible-into-new-Atari-shares.html,Atari enters into an agreement to acquire Night Dive Studios and announces its intention to proceed with the issuance of €30 M bonds convertible into new Atari shares,Atari enters into an agreement to acquire Night Dive Studios and announces its intention to proceed with the issuance of €30 M bonds convertible into new Atari shares,"French EnglishAtari enters into an agreement to acquire Night Dive Studios and announces its intention to proceed with the issuance of €30 M bonds convertible into new Atari sharesPARIS  FRANCE (March 22  2023 - 11.00 pm CET) - Atari® (the “Company”) — one of the world's most iconic consumer brands and interactive entertainment producers — announced that it has entered into an agreement to acquire 100% of Night Dive Studios Inc. (“Night Dive”)  a full service game development and publishing company based in Vancouver  Washington  USA.In addition  Atari  SA also announced that it intends to proceed in the near-term with a €30 million bond issue convertible into new shares of Atari (the “Convertible Bonds”) in order to meet with its capital needs in the context of the implementation of its new growth strategy and refinancing of its debt.AGREEMENT SIGNED TO ACQUIRE NIGHT DIVE STUDIOSLed by industry veterans Stephen Kick and Larry Kuperman  Night Dive is a full service development and publishing company with expertise in restoring  optimizing  and publishing classic video games. Night Dive has published over 100 titles and has garnered critical acclaim for their releases of seminal industry and fan-favorite titles including System Shock  Doom 64  and Quake.Night Dive’s most recent project is a remastered version of classic FPS game System Shock  which is one of the most-anticipated retro releases of 2023. System Shock is now available for pre-order on Steam  GOG and Epic Games.A key to the success of Night Dive is their proprietary KEX engine that makes classic games playable on modern hardware and gives the studio the ability to enhance and improve upon the original to meet the expectations of contemporary players. The studio’s reputation and deep industry knowledge have made them a go-to partner for some of the largest names in gaming and media and allowed them to develop a diversified portfolio of titles.For the fiscal year ended December 2022  Night Dive has reported revenue of approximately US$3.0 million1. The founders own 87% of the Company’s shares while Wade Rosen  Chairman and CEO of Atari  owns a minority stake of 13%2.With this acquisition Atari will enrich its large library of owned IP  be able to leverage Night Dive’s proprietary technology  and utilize Night Dive’s publishing capabilities to support Atari’s retro-focused growth strategy.This acquisition has been approved unanimously by the disinterested members of the board of Atari  it being specified that Wade Rosen did not participate to the vote3.Wade Rosen  Chairman and CEO of Atari  commented: “Night Dive’s proven expertise and successful track record in commercializing retro IP is well-aligned with Atari’s strategy and I am confident that their combined talent  technology and IP portfolio will contribute to Atari’s future success.”Stephen Kick and Larry Kuperman  principals of Night Dive commented: “Night Dive and Atari have a long history together and we know that Atari shares our passion for retro games and our focus on producing high-quality new and remastered games that do justice to the original IP. As we look to grow our business and expand our capabilities  we could think of no better long-term partner than Atari.”TERMS AND TIMING OF THE ACQUISITIONThe purchase price of Night Dive will consist of (i) an initial consideration of US$10 million payable half in cash and half in Atari shares at the closing of the acquisition (see below) plus (ii) an earn-out of up to US$10 million  payable in cash over the next three years based on the future performance of Night Dive.It is expected that the acquisition of Night Dive will be completed in April 2023.FINANCING OF THE ACQUISITIONThe initial consideration will be paid half in cash (for US$5 million) and half in newly issued Atari ordinary shares (for US$5 million) 4 . The calculation of the number of Atari shares to be issued will be based on the 20-day volume weighted average price of Atari shares on Euronext Growth prior to the tenth day prior to the closing of the transaction.. The calculation of the number of Atari shares to be issued will be based on the 20-day volume weighted average price of Atari shares on Euronext Growth prior to the tenth day prior to the closing of the transaction. The new Atari shares will be issued by the Company  represented by the board of directors of Atari  through a contribution in kind (apport en nature) of Night Dive shares to Atari acting pursuant to the 18th resolution of Atari's combined shareholders' meeting held on September 27  2022 (the ""AGM "") and on the basis of the reports of a court-appointed contribution auditor (commissaire aux apports) on the value of the contribution in kind and the fairness of the exchange ratio 5 ."") and on the basis of the reports of a court-appointed contribution auditor (commissaire aux apports) on the value of the contribution in kind and the fairness of the exchange ratio . The Company and Irata LLC  a holding company controlled by Wade Rosen (“Irata”)  have agreed that Irata intends to provide bridge financing to Atari for the payment of the initial consideration  or $5 million.CONVERTIBLE BONDSThe Company intends to issue €30 million in Convertible Bonds through a public offering in France with a priority subscription period (offre au public avec délai de priorité) for all the shareholders of Atari.A prospectus in relation to the Convertible Bonds offering will be prepared and subject to the AMF approval;The issuance of the Convertible Bonds will occur shortly after the completion of the acquisition;The Convertible Bonds will be issued with a priority subscription period for all shareholders for a period of three trading days (that does not result in the creation of negotiable rights) through a public offering in France (only);The main shareholder of Atari  Irata LLC  holding 29.2% of the share capital of Atari  has indicated that it intends to subscribe its prorata share and to provide a firm underwriting for a number of Convertible Bonds equal to at least to 75% of the total amount of the offering;It is the intent that Irata will undertake contractually and irrevocably vis-à-vis the Company not to convert its Convertible Bonds into Atari shares before at least the 25th of June 2025.The amount raised through the Convertible Bonds will mainly be used to:Reimburse the $5 million bridge financing provided by Irata in the context of the acquisition and finance future potential acquisitions Atari may consider;Continued investment in growth initiatives  notably in the development of more than 12 new games expected to be launched in the next 18 months;General cash requirements and financial flexibility necessary to pursue the transformation plan;Reimburse the shareholder loans granted by Irata6 previously granted in accordance with its support commitment  and accrued interests on these loans.About ATARIAtari is an interactive entertainment company and an iconic gaming industry brand that transcends generations and audiences. The company is globally recognized for its multi-platform  interactive entertainment and licensed products. Atari owns and/or manages a portfolio of more than 200 unique games and franchises  including world-renowned brands like Asteroids®  Centipede®  Missile Command®  Pong®  and RollerCoaster Tycoon®. Atari has offices in New York and Paris. Visit us online at www.atari.com .Atari shares are listed in France on Euronext Growth Paris (ISIN Code FR0010478248  Ticker ALATA).©2023 Atari Interactive  Inc. Atari wordmark and logo are trademarks owned by Atari Interactive  Inc.ContactsAtari - Investor RelationsTel + 33 1 83 64 61 57 - investisseur@atari-sa.com | www.atari.com/news/Calyptus – Marie CalleuxTel + 33 1 53 65 68 68 – atari@calyptus.ne tListing Sponsor- EurolandTel +33 1 44 70 20 84Julia Bridger - jbridger@elcorp.comFORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTSThis press release contains certain non-factual elements  including but not restricted to certain statements concerning its future results and other future events. These statements are based on the current vision and assumptions of Atari’s leadership team. They include various known and unknown uncertainties and risks that could result in material differences in relation to the expected results  profitability and events. In addition  Atari  its shareholders and its respective affiliates  directors  executives  advisors and employees have not checked the accuracy of and make no representations or warranties concerning the statistical or forward-looking information contained in this press release that is taken from or derived from third-party sources or industry publications. If applicable  these statistical data and forward-looking information are used in this press release exclusively for information.DISCLAIMERThe distribution of this press release and the offer and sale of the Convertible Bonds may be restricted by law in certain jurisdictions and persons into whose possession this document or other information referred to herein comes should inform themselves about and observe any such restriction. Any failure to comply with these restrictions may constitute a violation of the securities laws of any such jurisdiction.This press release may not be published  distributed or transmitted in the United States (including its territories and dependencies). This press release does not constitute or form part an offer of securities for sale or any solicitation to purchase or subscribe for securities or any solicitation of sale of securities in the United States. The securities referred to herein have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the “Securities Act”) or the law of any state or other jurisdiction of the United States  and may not be offered or sold in the United States absent registration under the Securities Act or pursuant to an exemption from  or in a transaction not subject to  the registration requirements of the Securities Act. Atari does not intend to register all or any portion of the securities in the United States under the Securities Act or to conduct a public offering of the Securities in the United States.This press release and the information contained herein do not constitute either an offer to sell or purchase  or the solicitation of an offer to sell or purchase  securities of the Company.No communication or information in respect of any securities mentioned in this press release may be distributed to the public in any jurisdiction where registration or approval is required. No steps have been taken or will be taken in any jurisdiction where such steps would be required. The offering or subscription of the Company’s securities may be subject to specific legal or regulatory restrictions in certain jurisdictions.This press release does not  and shall not  in any circumstances  constitute a public offering  a sale offer nor an invitation to the public in connection with any offer of securities. The distribution of this document may be restricted by law in certain jurisdictions. Persons into whose possession this document comes are required to inform themselves about and to observe any such restrictions.A French prospectus comprising (i) the Company’s universal registration document filed with the AMF on July 27  2022 under number D.22-0661  (ii) an amendment to the universal registration document to be filed with the AMF  (iii) a securities note (including the summary) relating to the public offering of convertible bonds and (iii) the summary of the French prospectus will be submitted to the approval by the AMF and will be published on the AMF’s website (www.amf-france.org). As from such filing with the AMF  copies of the prospectus will be available free of charge at the Company’s registered office.This announcement is an advertisement and not a prospectus within the meaning of the Regulation (EU) 2017/1129  as amended (the ""Prospectus Regulation"").With respect to the member states of the European Economic Area other than France  no action has been undertaken or will be undertaken to make an offer to the public of the securities referred to herein requiring a publication of a prospectus in any relevant member state. As a result  the securities may not and will not be offered in any relevant member state except in accordance with the exemptions set forth in Article 1 (4) of the Prospectus Regulation or under any other circumstances which do not require the publication by the Company of a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation and/or to applicable regulations of that relevant member state.The distribution of this press release has not been made  and has not been approved  by an “authorised person” within the meaning of Article 21(1) of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000. As a consequence  this press release is only being distributed to  and is only directed at  persons in the United Kingdom that (i) are “investment professionals” falling within Article 19(5) of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Financial Promotion) Order 2005 (as amended  the “Order”)  (ii) are persons falling within Article 49(2)(a) to (d) (“high net worth companies  unincorporated associations  etc.”) of the Order  or (iii) are persons to whom an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning of Article 21 of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000) in connection with the issue or sale of any securities may otherwise lawfully be communicated or caused to be communicated (all such persons together being referred to as “Relevant Persons”). Any investment or investment activity to which this document relates is available only to Relevant Persons and will be engaged in only with Relevant Persons. Any person who is not a Relevant Person should not act or rely on this document or any of its contents.This announcement may not be published  forwarded or distributed  directly or indirectly  in the United States of America  Canada  Australia  South Africa or Japan.1 Under US GAAP  based on unaudited financial statements of Night Dive Studios Inc.  under further review in the context of usual due diligence2 Held by Wade J. Rosen Revocable Trust  registered under US laws3 As related party in the transaction.4 Subject to customary net debt / working capital adjustment.5 In accordance with article L. 225-147 of the French code de commerce and AMF recommendation DOC-2020-06. The reports of the contribution auditor will be made available on Atari’s website upon issuance by the auditor.6 Equals to around 8 million euros in principal at the date of this press release  and excluding any potential shareholder loans concluded until the issuance of the convertible bondsAttachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.59,0.07,0.34,True,English,"['Night Dive Studios', 'new Atari shares', '€30 M bonds', 'agreement', 'intention', 'issuance', '20-day volume weighted average price', 'classic FPS game System Shock', 'full service game development', 'Night Dive Studios Inc.', 'full service development', 'iconic consumer brands', '€30 million bond issue', 'successful track record', 'next three years', 'classic video games', 'proprietary KEX engine', 'deep industry knowledge', 'retro-focused growth strategy', 'court-appointed contribution auditor', 'new growth strategy', 'anticipated retro releases', 'Night Dive shares', 'Atari ordinary shares', 'new Atari shares', 'purchase price', 'classic games', 'new shares', 'high-quality new', 'retro games', 'Euronext Growth', 'industry veterans', 'seminal industry', 'Epic Games', 'remastered games', 'retro IP', 'French English', '€30 M bonds', 'entertainment producers', 'Convertible Bonds', 'capital needs', 'Stephen Kick', 'Larry Kuperman', 'critical acclaim', 'recent project', 'modern hardware', 'contemporary players', 'largest names', 'diversified portfolio', 'fiscal year', 'minority stake', 'large library', 'proprietary technology', 'disinterested members', 'long history', 'initial consideration', 'future performance', 'tenth day', '18th resolution', ""shareholders' meeting"", 'exchange ratio', 'IP portfolio', 'publishing company', 'holding company', 'Wade Rosen', 'publishing capabilities', 'proven expertise', 'future success', 'long-term partner', 'fan-favorite titles', 'Irata LLC', 'original IP', 'The Company', 'Atari®', '100 titles', 'agreement', 'intention', 'issuance', 'PARIS', 'FRANCE', 'March', 'world', 'interactive', 'Vancouver', 'Washington', 'USA', 'addition', 'near-term', 'order', 'context', 'implementation', 'refinancing', 'debt', 'Doom', 'Quake', 'version', 'pre', 'Steam', 'GOG', 'key', 'ability', 'expectations', 'reputation', 'gaming', 'media', 'December', 'revenue', 'founders', 'Chairman', 'CEO', 'acquisition', 'board', 'vote', 'talent', 'principals', 'passion', 'justice', 'business', 'TERMS', 'TIMING', 'cash', 'half', 'closing', 'earn', 'April', 'calculation', 'number', 'transaction', 'directors', 'kind', 'apport', 'nature', 'September', 'AGM', 'basis', 'reports', 'value', 'fairness', '11.00']",2023-03-22,2023-03-23,globenewswire.com
21157,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/WENDEL-4671/news/WENDEL-Wendel-announces-the-successful-issue-of-750m-of-bonds-exchangeable-into-ordinary-shares-of-43312327/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230322,WENDEL: Wendel announces the successful issue of 750m of bonds exchangeable into ordinary shares of Bureau Veritas due 2026,(marketscreener.com)  PRESS RELEASE – MARCH 22  2023 Wendel announces the successful issue of €750m of bonds exchangeable into ordinary shares of Bureau Veritas due 2026 Issue of €750 million of bonds exchangeable into Bureau Veritas’ shares at a premium of …,"PRESS RELEASE – MARCH 22  2023Wendel announces the successful issue of €750m of bonds exchangeable into ordinary shares of Bureau Veritas due 2026I ssue of € 75 0 million of bond s exchangeable into Bureau Veritas’ shares at a premium of 25% above the reference share price and a coupon of 2. 625 %Wendel reiterates its full confidence in Bureau Veritas’ strategyParis  on March 22  2023Wendel (the “Issuer”) has successfully placed bonds exchangeable for Bureau Veritas’ shares (the “Shares”) (the “Bonds”).The Bonds will have a maturity of 3 years  except in case of early redemption  exchange or purchase and cancellation. The Bonds will carry a coupon of 2.625% per annum  payable annually in arrear on March 27 of each year  commencing on March 27  2024. The Bonds were issued at an issue price of 100% of their principal amount and  unless previously redeemed  exchanged  or purchased and cancelled  will be redeemed at their principal amount on March 27  2026 (the “Maturity Date”). The initial exchange price was set at a premium of 25% above the reference share price  which corresponds to an exchange price of €32.2935 per Bureau Veritas share.The Bonds were offered only by way of an offering to qualified investors only  as defined in article 2(e) of Regulation 2017/1129  as amended (the “Prospectus Regulation”)  pursuant to Article L.411-2  1° of the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier) in France and outside of France (excluding the United States of America  Canada (with the exception of the province of Ontario)  Australia  South Africa and Japan)  without an offer to the public (other than to qualified investors) in any country (including France). The transaction was oversubscribed.Settlement and delivery of the Bonds is expected to take place on March 27  2023 (the “Issue Date”).Wendel plans to use the proceeds from this transaction to finance its general corporate purposes and for diversification of its funding sources.Wendel has agreed to a lock-up from pricing of the Bonds until 90 days after the Issue Date  subject to certain exceptions.Key characteristics of the BondsTotal amount of the issue €750 million Maturity1 3.0 years / March 27  2026 Issue / Redemption price 100.0% Exchange premium2 25% Exchange price €32.2935 Yield to maturity per annum 2.625% Coupon 2.625% per annum  payable annually in arrear Principal Amount €100 000 for each Bond Exchange period3 From the 41st day after the Issue Date until the 30th business day preceding Maturity Date Exchange ratio4 Principal Amount divided by the prevailing Exchange Price Issue Date Expected March 27  2023 Listing Euronext AccessTM market of Euronext ParisThe Bonds offering was led by Goldman Sachs Bank Europe SE and BNP Paribas acting as Joint Bookrunners. Goldman Sachs Bank Europe SE was the Sole Global Coordinator of the transaction. Crédit Agricole CIB was acting as a Co-Manager.This press release does not constitute or form a part of any offer to subscribe nor a solicitation to buy or subscribe any financial instrument of Bureau Veritas or Wendel  and the placement of the Bonds do not constitute  in any circumstances  a public offering (other than to qualified investors) in any country  including France.Important noticeThe information contained in this press release is for background purposes only and does not purport to be full or complete.No reliance may be placed by any person for any purpose on the information contained in this press release or its accuracy  fairness or completeness.No action has been taken by the Issuer  the Company  Goldman Sachs Bank Europe SE  BNP Paribas and Crédit Agricole CIB (the “Managers”) or any of their respective affiliates that would permit an offering of the Bonds or possession or distribution of this press release or any offering or publicity material relating to the Bonds in any jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required. Persons into whose possession this press release comes are required by the Issuer  the Company and the Managers to inform themselves about  and to observe  any such restrictions.Copies of this press release are not being  and must not be  mailed or otherwise forwarded  distributed or sent in  into or from the United States or any other jurisdiction in which such mailing would be illegal  or to publications with a general circulation in those jurisdictions  and persons receiving this press release (including custodians  nominees and trustees) must not mail or otherwise forward  distribute or send it in  into or from the United States or any other jurisdiction in which such mailing would be illegal or to publications with a general circulation in those jurisdictions.This press release is not for release  publication or distribution  directly or indirectly in or into the United States (including its territories and dependencies  any state of the United States and the District of Columbia) or to U.S Persons  or in or into Australia  Canada (with the exception of the province of Ontario)  Japan or South Africa. This press release does not contain or constitute an offer to sell securities or the solicitation of any offer to buy securities  nor shall there be any offer of securities in any jurisdiction in which such offer or sale would be unlawful.The distribution of this press release may be restricted by law in certain jurisdictions and persons into whose possession any document or other information referred to herein come should inform themselves about and observe any such restriction. Any failure to comply with these restrictions may constitute a violation of the securities laws of any such jurisdiction.This press release is an advertisement and not a prospectus within the meaning of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129  as amended (the “Prospectus Regulation”) and of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of the United Kingdom (“UK”) domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the “EUWA”) (the “UK Prospectus Regulation”). This press release is not an offer to the public other than to qualified investors  or an offer to subscribe or designed to solicit interest for purposes of an offer to the public other than to qualified investors in any jurisdiction  including France.The Bonds have been and will be offered only by way of an offering in France and outside France (excluding the United States of America  Australia  Canada (with the exception of the province of Ontario)  South Africa  Japan and any other jurisdiction where a registration process or an approval would be required by applicable laws and regulations)  solely to qualified investors as defined in Article 2(e) of the Prospectus Regulation  in accordance with Article L. 411-2  1° of the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier) and Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation. There will be no public offering in any country (including France) in connection with the Bonds  other than to qualified investors. This press release does not constitute a recommendation concerning the issue of the Bonds. The value of the Bonds and the shares of the Company can decrease as well as increase. Potential investors should consult a professional adviser as to the suitability of the Bonds for the person concerned.Prohibition of sales to European Economic Area retail investorsThe Bonds are not intended to be offered  sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered  sold or otherwise made available to  and no action has been undertaken or will be undertaken to offer  sell or otherwise make available any Bonds to any retail investor in the European Economic Area (the “EEA”). For the purposes of this provision  a “retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of the following: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU  as amended (“MiFID II”); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97  as amended (the “Insurance Distribution Directive”)  where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) a person other than a “qualified investor” as defined in the Prospectus Regulation  and (B) the expression “offer” includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Bonds to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or to subscribe to the Bonds. Consequently  no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014  as amended (the ""PRIIPs Regulation"") for offering or selling the Bonds or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been or will be prepared and therefore offering or selling the Bonds or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.Prohibition of sales to UK retail InvestorsThe Bonds are not intended to be offered  sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered  sold or otherwise made available to  and no action has been undertaken or will be undertaken to offer  sell or otherwise make available any Bonds to any retail investor in the United Kingdom (“UK”). For the purposes of this provision  a “retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of the following: (i) a retail client as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000  as amended (the “FSMA”) and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement the Insurance Distribution Directive  where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a “qualified investor” as defined in point (e) of article 2 the Prospectus Regulation as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; and (B) the expression “offer” includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Bonds to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or to subscribe to the Bonds. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Bonds or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been or will be prepared and therefore offering or selling the Bonds or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.MIFID II product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the purposes of each manufacturer’s product approval process  the target market assessment in respect of the Bonds has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Bonds is eligible counterparties and professional clients  each as defined in MiFID II; and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Bonds to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering  selling or recommending the Bonds (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the manufacturers’ target market assessment; however  a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Bonds (by either adopting or refining the manufacturers’ target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.UK MiFIR product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the purposes of each manufacturer’s product approval process  the target market assessment in respect of the Bonds has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Bonds is only eligible counterparties  as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook (“COBS”)  and professional clients  as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (“UK MiFIR”); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Bonds to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering  selling or recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the manufacturers’ target market assessment; however  a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the “UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules”) is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Bonds (by either adopting or refining the manufacturers’ target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.FranceThe Bonds have not been and will not be offered or sold or cause to be offered or sold  directly or indirectly  to the public in France other than to qualified investors. Any offer or sale of the Bonds and distribution of any offering material relating to the Bonds have been and will be made in France only to qualified investors (investisseurs qualifiés)  as defined in Article 2 (e) of the Prospectus Regulation  in accordance with Article L. 411-2  1° of the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier).United KingdomThis press release is addressed and directed only at persons who (i) are located outside the UK  (ii) are investment professionals as defined in Article 19(5) of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Financial Promotion) Order 2005  as amended (the “Order”)  (iii) are high net worth companies  and other persons to whom it may lawfully be communicated  falling within by Article 49(2) (a) to (d) of the Order (the persons mentioned in paragraphs (i)  (ii) and (iii) collectively being referred to as “Relevant Persons”). The Bonds and  as the case may be  the shares to be delivered upon exercise of the exchange rights (the “Financial Instruments”)  are intended only for Relevant Persons and any invitation  offer or agreement related to the subscription  tender  or acquisition of the Financial Instruments may be addressed and/or concluded only with Relevant Persons. All persons other than Relevant Persons must abstain from using or relying on this document and all information contained therein.This press release is not a prospectus which has been approved by the Financial Conduct Authority or any other UK regulatory authority for the purposes of Section 85 of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000.United StatesThis press release may not be released  published or distributed in or into the United States (including its territories and dependencies  any state of the United States and the District of Columbia). This press release does not constitute a solicitation to purchase or an offer of the Bonds or the shares of the Company in the United States. The Bonds and the Shares referred to herein have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the “Securities Act”)  or the securities laws of any state of the United States  and such securities may not be offered  pledge or otherwise transferred in the United States  or to  or for the account or benefit of  U.S. Persons (as defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act (“Regulation S”) absent registration under the Securities Act or pursuant to an available exemption from  or in a transaction not subject to   the registration requirements thereof an applicable state of securities laws. The Issuer does not intend to make a public offer if the securities in the United States.In addition  until 40 calendar days after the commencement of the offering of the Bonds  an offer or sale of the Bonds within the United States by a dealer (whether or not it is participating in the offering may violate the registration requirement of the Securities Act.Australia  Canada  Japan and South AfricaThe Bonds may not and will not be offered  sold or purchase in Australia  Canada (with the exception of the province of Ontario)  Japan or South Africa. The information contained in this press release does not constitute an offer of securities for sale in Australia  Canada (with the exception of the province of Ontario)  Japan or South Africa.The distribution of this press release in certain countries may constitute a breach of applicable law.The Managers are acting exclusively for the Issuer and no one else in connection with the Bonds offering. They will not regard any other person as their respective clients in relation to the Bonds offering and will not be responsible to anyone other than the Issuer for providing the protections afforded to their respective clients  nor for providing advice in relation to the Issuer  the contents of this press release or any transaction  arrangement or other matter referred to herein.None of the Managers or any of their respective affiliates  directors  officers  employees  advisers or agents accepts any responsibility or liability whatsoever for or makes any representation or warranty  express or implied  as to the truth  accuracy or completeness of the information in this press release (or whether any information has been omitted from it) or any other information relating to the Issuer  its subsidiaries or associated companies  whether written  oral or in a visual or electronic form  and howsoever transmitted or made available or for any loss howsoever arising from any use of this press release or its contents or otherwise arising in connection therewith.The Managers and any of their respective affiliates acting as an investor for its own account or the account of its clients may take up the Bonds or the ordinary shares to be transferred and delivered upon exchange of the Bonds (the “Securities”) and in that capacity may retain  purchase or sell for their own account the Securities or any other Securities of the Company or related investments  and may offer or sell the Securities or other investments otherwise than in connection with the Bonds offering. The Managers do not intend to disclose the extent of any such investment or transactions otherwise than in accordance with any legal or regulatory obligation to do so. In addition  each of the Managers and their respective affiliates may perform services for  or solicit business from  the Issuer or members of the Issuer’s group  may make markets in the securities of such persons and/or have a position or effect transactions in such securities (including without limitation asset swaps or derivative transactions relating to such securities).Press contacts Analyst and investor contactsChristine Anglade-Pirzadeh: +33 (0)1 42 85 63 24c.anglade@wendelgroup.comCaroline Decaux: +33 (0)1 42 85 91 27c.decaux@wendelgroup.comPrimaticeOlivier Labesse : +33 (0)6 79 11 49 71olivierlabesse@primatice.comHugues Schmitt : +33 (0)6 71 99 74 58huguesschmitt@primatice.com Olivier Allot: +33 (0)1 42 85 63 73o.allot@wendelgroup.comLucile Roch: +33 (0)1 42 85 63 72l.roch@wendelgroup.com1 The Bonds will be redeemed at par on the Maturity Date  subject to Wendel's option to deliver existing shares of Bureau Veritas and  as the case may be  an additional amount in cash. The Bonds may be redeemed earlier at Wendel’s option under certain conditions. In addition  the holders of Bonds may demand early redemption of the Bonds in the event of a change in control triggering a downgrade event of Wendel or in the event of a change of control or a delisting of Bureau Veritas  subject to certain exceptions as defined in the Terms and Conditions.2 Exchange premium above the VWAP of the Shares on Euronext Paris between opening of trading on the Launch Date and pricing on the same day.3 Bondholders may exercise their exchange right at any time from (and including) the 41st calendar day after the Issue Date until (and including) the 30th business day before the Maturity Date  or until the 10th business day preceding the relevant early redemption date  if applicable.4 Subject to any subsequent adjustments as described in the Terms and Conditions of the Bonds. In the event that Bondholders exercise their exchange rights  they will be entitled to receive  at the option of Wendel  either an amount in cash  or an amount in cash plus a number of Shares or Shares only.Attachment",neutral,0.08,0.91,0.01,negative,0.01,0.24,0.75,True,English,"['successful issue', 'ordinary shares', 'Bureau Veritas', 'WENDEL', 'bonds', 'Goldman Sachs Bank Europe SE', 'Crédit Agricole CIB', 'prevailing Exchange Price Issue Date', 'Maturity Date Exchange ratio4', 'Sole Global Coordinator', 'reference share price', 'initial exchange price', 'Code monétaire', '30th business day', 'Euronext AccessTM market', 'Bond Exchange period3', 'general corporate purposes', 'Bureau Veritas’ strategy', 'Bureau Veritas share', 'U.S Persons', '25% Exchange price', 'The Bonds offering', 'issue price', 'Redemption price', 'Financial Code', '41st day', 'background purposes', 'general circulation', 'successful issue', 'full confidence', 'early redemption', 'principal amount', 'qualified investors', 'French Monetary', 'United States', 'South Africa', 'funding sources', 'Key characteristics', 'Total amount', 'Euronext Paris', 'BNP Paribas', 'Joint Bookrunners', 'financial instrument', 'Important notice', 'respective affiliates', 'publicity material', 'PRESS RELEASE', 'other jurisdiction', 'Prospectus Regulation', 'Article L.', 'ordinary shares', 'public offering', 'MARCH', 'Wendel', 'premium', 'coupon', 'Issuer', '3 years', 'case', 'purchase', 'cancellation', 'annum', 'arrear', 'way', 'financier', 'France', 'America', 'Canada', 'exception', 'province', 'Ontario', 'Australia', 'Japan', 'country', 'transaction', 'Settlement', 'delivery', 'place', 'proceeds', 'diversification', 'lock-up', 'pricing', 'Maturity1', '3.0 years', 'Yield', 'Co-Manager', 'part', 'solicitation', 'circumstances', 'information', 'reliance', 'accuracy', 'fairness', 'completeness', 'Company', 'Managers', 'possession', 'distribution', 'restrictions', 'Copies', 'mailing', 'publications', 'jurisdictions', 'custodians', 'nominees', 'trustees', 'territories', 'dependencies', 'District', 'Columbia', '€', '90']",2023-03-22,2023-03-23,marketscreener.com
21158,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/US-BANCORP-47501/news/U-S-Bank-Expands-Client-Offerings-in-Europe-With-New-ETF-Servicing-Capability-Secures-First-ETF-Eu-43307039/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230322,U.S. Bank Expands Client Offerings in Europe With New ETF Servicing Capability  Secures First ETF European Client,(marketscreener.com) U.S. Bank today announced the launch of their new exchange-traded fund services in Europe  as well as their first client for this offering. U.S. Bank will support Horizon Kinetics’ European version of their Inflation Beneficiaries ETF   …,"U.S. Bank today announced the launch of their new exchange-traded fund (ETF) services in Europe  as well as their first client for this offering. U.S. Bank will support Horizon Kinetics’ European version of their Inflation Beneficiaries ETF (Ticker: INFBN NA)  an actively managed fund that seeks to address one of the most important economic and investment drivers – inflation – by identifying unique  scalable businesses that have the potential to thrive in an inflationary environment. The fund is structured as a UCITS ETF and will initially trade on Euronext Amsterdam.U.S. Bank will provide clients with a holistic suite of offerings  including fund administration  transfer agency  depositary and global custody solutions  as well as a number of specialized European exchange-traded fund services. “This builds on our reputation in the United States as a provider of choice for many leading U.S. ETF issuers ” said Ken Somerville  head of U.S. Bank Global Fund Services Ireland. “We are proud to bring this capability to Europe and work with Horizon Kinetics as they roll out this exciting new product.”Somerville added  “We are in a position to service both existing U.S. Bank ETF relationships who plan to expand their ETF distribution into Europe  as well as new clients aiming to launch funds in the European ETF space. Our team is proud to bring the best of U.S. Bank to both sides of the Atlantic with a global operating model that can accommodate both U.S. and European UCITS funds in a single platform.”Alun Williams  chief operating officer at Horizon Kinetics  stated  “This is a new market for us and we are delighted that U.S. Bank is able to guide us with on-the-ground expertise to offer our European clients a product that will follow a similar strategy to the Horizon Kinetics Inflation Beneficiaries ETF (Ticker: INFL US)  emphasizing exposure to hard-asset  capital-light businesses.”With this launch of ETF servicing in Europe  U.S. Bank is expanding their relationship with Intercontinental Exchange (ICE) as they adopt the ICE ETF Hub as a front-end and order entry platform for U.S. Bank’s ETF clients. The ICE ETF Hub is dynamic and fully integrated - streamlining primary market trading and allowing seamless subscription and redemption flow right through from the authorized participant to settlement in the secondary market.“We are excited to work with U.S. Bank to expand European ETFs  building on our vision of establishing a global  multi-issuer solution for the ETF market ” said Peter Borstelmann  president of ICE Bonds. “The ICE ETF Hub brings efficient workflows to trading in the ETF primary market and supports both standard and custom basket negotiations. These tools offer a standardized and simplified process for creating and redeeming ETF shares for U.S. Bank and its customers.""U.S. Bank Global Fund Services  along with U.S. Bank Global Corporate Trust and Custody and U.S. Bancorp Asset Management  comprise the Investment Services division  which holds $9.8 trillion in assets under custody and administration as of Dec. 31  2022. U.S. Bank offers Investment Services solutions from three European locations: Ireland  London and Luxembourg. For more information  visit usbank.com/investmentservices.About U.S. BankU.S. Bancorp  with approximately 77 000 employees and $675 billion in assets as of Dec. 31  2022  is the parent company of U.S. Bank National Association. The Minneapolis-based company serves millions of customers locally  nationally and globally through a diversified mix of businesses: Consumer and Business Banking; Payment Services; Corporate & Commercial Banking; and Wealth Management and Investment Services. MUFG Union Bank  consisting primarily of retail banking branches on the West Coast  joined U.S. Bancorp in 2022. The company has been recognized for its approach to digital innovation  social responsibility  and customer service  including being named one of the 2022 World’s Most Ethical Companies and Fortune’s most admired superregional bank. Learn more at usbank.com/about.About Horizon KineticsHorizon Kinetics LLC is the parent holding company of Horizon Kinetics Asset Management LLC  an SEC-registered investment adviser  as well KBD Securities  LLC and Kinetics Funds Distributor LLC  two limited-purpose  SEC-registered broker/dealers and members of FINRA. Horizon Kinetics is an independently owned and operated investment boutique that adheres to a long-term  contrarian  fundamental value investment philosophy that the founders established 26 years ago at Bankers Trust Company. Horizon Kinetics has over 70 employees and has primary offices in New York City and White Plains  New York. For more information about Horizon Kinetics  visit www.horizonkinetics.comAbout Intercontinental ExchangeIntercontinental Exchange  Inc. (NYSE: ICE) is a Fortune 500 company that designs  builds and operates digital networks to connect people to opportunity. We provide financial technology and data services across major asset classes that offer our customers access to mission-critical workflow tools that increase transparency and operational efficiencies. We operate exchanges  including the New York Stock Exchange  and clearing houses that help people invest  raise capital and manage risk across multiple asset classes. Our comprehensive fixed income data services and execution capabilities provide information  analytics and platforms that help our customers capitalize on opportunities and operate more efficiently. At ICE Mortgage Technology  we are transforming and digitizing the U.S. residential mortgage process  from consumer engagement through loan registration. Together  we transform  streamline and automate industries to connect our customers to opportunity.Trademarks of ICE and/or its affiliates include Intercontinental Exchange  ICE  ICE block design  NYSE and New York Stock Exchange. Information regarding additional trademarks and intellectual property rights of Intercontinental Exchange  Inc. and/or its affiliates is located here. FactSet® is a trademark of FactSet Research Systems  Inc. Other products  services  or company names mentioned herein are the property of  and may be the service mark or trademark of  their respective owners. Key Information Documents for certain products covered by the EU Packaged Retail and Insurance-based Investment Products Regulation can be accessed on the relevant exchange website under the heading “Key Information Documents (KIDS).”Safe Harbor Statement under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 -- Statements in this press release regarding ICE's business that are not historical facts are ""forward-looking statements"" that involve risks and uncertainties. For a discussion of additional risks and uncertainties  which could cause actual results to differ from those contained in the forward-looking statements  see ICE's Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) filings  including  but not limited to  the risk factors in ICE's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31  2022  as filed with the SEC on February 2  2023.U.S. Bank Global Fund Services is a wholly owned subsidiary of U.S. Bank  N. A. Custody and lending services are offered by U.S. Bank  N.A.U.S. Bank Global Fund Services (Ireland) Limited is registered in Ireland  Company Number 413707. Registered Office at 24 - 26 City Quay  Dublin 2  Ireland. Directors: Ken Somerville  Rose Clear  Brett Meili (USA)  James Hutterer (USA)  Eimear Cowhey. U.S. Bank Global Fund Services (Ireland) Limited is regulated by the Central Bank of Ireland.U.S. Bank Global Fund Services (Luxembourg) S.a.r.l. is registered in Luxembourg with RCS number B238278 and Registered Office: Floor 3  K2 Ballade  4  rue Albert Borschette  L-1246 Luxembourg. U.S. Bank Global Fund Services (Luxembourg) S.a.r.l. is authorised and regulated by the Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier.Elavon Financial Services DAC  trading as U.S. Bank Depositary Services  is regulated by the Central Bank of Ireland and is registered in Ireland with the Companies Registration Office Reg. No. 418442. The registered office is Block F1  Cherrywood Business Park  Cherrywood  Dublin 18  Ireland D18 W2X7.U.S. Bank does not guarantee products  services or performance of its affiliates and third-party providers.View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20230322005183/en/",neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,positive,0.85,0.15,0.0,True,English,"['New ETF Servicing Capability', 'First ETF European Client', 'U.S. Bank', 'Client Offerings', 'long-term, contrarian, fundamental value investment philosophy', 'many leading U.S. ETF issuers', 'U.S. Bank Global Fund Services Ireland', 'existing U.S. Bank ETF relationships', 'U.S. Bank Global Corporate Trust', 'U.S. Bank National Association', 'U.S. Bancorp Asset Management', 'specialized European exchange-traded fund services', 'Horizon Kinetics Asset Management LLC', 'Horizon Kinetics Inflation Beneficiaries ETF', 'two limited-purpose, SEC-registered broker/dealers', 'The ICE ETF Hub', 'Kinetics Funds Distributor LLC', 'global operating model', 'global, multi-issuer solution', 'major asset classes', 'new exchange-traded fund', 'Bankers Trust Company', 'MUFG Union Bank', 'Investment Services division', 'Investment Services solutions', 'SEC-registered investment adviser', 'global custody solutions', 'European ETF space', 'chief operating officer', 'custom basket negotiations', 'The Minneapolis-based company', 'three European locations', 'Horizon Kinetics LLC', 'order entry platform', 'retail banking branches', 'ETF primary market', 'primary market trading', 'European UCITS funds', 'unique, scalable businesses', 'New York City', 'mission-critical workflow tools', 'parent holding company', 'exciting new product', 'ETF) services', 'Wealth Management', 'superregional bank', 'UCITS ETF', 'ETF market', 'Payment Services', 'data services', 'ETF distribution', 'ETF servicing', 'ETF shares', 'fund administration', 'investment drivers', 'investment boutique', 'ETF clients', 'new market', 'European version', 'European ETFs', 'parent company', 'primary offices', 'European clients', 'single platform', 'ICE Bonds', 'secondary market', 'Business Banking', 'Commercial Banking', 'new clients', 'first client', 'INFBN NA', 'important economic', 'inflationary environment', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'holistic suite', 'transfer agency', 'United States', 'Alun Williams', 'ground expertise', 'similar strategy', 'INFL US', 'capital-light businesses', 'Intercontinental Exchange', 'seamless subscription', 'redemption flow', 'authorized participant', 'Peter Borstelmann', 'efficient workflows', 'simplified process', 'diversified mix', 'West Coast', 'digital innovation', 'social responsibility', 'customer service', 'KBD Securities', 'White Plains', 'digital networks', 'financial technology', 'Fortune 500 company', 'Ken Somerville', 'launch', 'offering', 'Ticker', 'potential', 'depositary', 'number', 'reputation', 'provider', 'choice', 'head', 'capability', 'position', 'team', 'sides', 'Atlantic', 'exposure', 'front-end', 'settlement', 'president', 'standard', 'customers', 'assets', 'Dec.', 'London', 'Luxembourg', 'information', 'investmentservices', '77,000 employees', 'millions', 'Consumer', 'approach', '2022 World', 'Companies', 'members', 'FINRA', 'founders', '70 employees', 'horizonkinetics', 'people', 'opportunity', 'access']",2023-03-22,2023-03-23,marketscreener.com
21159,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/2022-preliminary-results-070000987.html,2022 Preliminary Results,Kenmare Resources plc (“Kenmare” or “the Company” or “the Group”) 22 March 2023 2022 PRELIMINARY RESULTS Kenmare Resources plc (LSE:KMR  ISE:KMR)  one of the...,"Kenmare ResourcesKenmare Resources plc(“Kenmare” or “the Company” or “the Group”)22 March 20232022 PRELIMINARY RESULTSKenmare Resources plc (LSE:KMR  ISE:KMR)  one of the leading global producers of titanium minerals and zircon  which operates the Moma Titanium Minerals Mine (the ""Mine"" or ""Moma"") in northern Mozambique  today announces its preliminary results for the twelve months to 31 December 2022.Statement from Michael Carvill  Managing Director:“2022 was a record year of financial performance for Kenmare. Our financial results were driven by steady production volumes and record product prices. Mineral product revenues increased 18% and EBITDA rose by 39% to $298 million.We are tracking within guidance for 2023  despite suffering an extremely severe lightning strike which halted production for an extended period in February  albeit towards the bottom end of our range for ilmenite and rutile. In 2023  the market for our products remains buoyant  although at marginally lower levels than the highs of Q3 2022  with strong customer demand for volume.Kenmare moved to a net cash position of $27.5 million at the end of 2022  which represents a $110.3 million improvement over the 12 months. The Board is recommending a 2022 dividend of USc54.31 per share  up 66% from USc32.71 per share for 2021.”2022 overviewFinancialRecommended 2022 dividend of $51.5 million or USc54.31 per share (2021: USc32.71)  up 66% on 2021  comprising an interim dividend of USc10.98 per share (paid in October 2022) and a final dividend of USc43.33 per share (payable May 2023)18% increase in mineral product revenue to $498.4 million in 2022 (2021: $420.5 million)  benefitting from a 42% increase in the average price received for Kenmare’s products13% increase in total cash operating costs to $216.7 million (2021: $191.8 million) as a result of higher prices for fuel and labour costs as well as increased electricity consumption16% increase in cash operating costs per tonne to $180 (2021: $156) as a consequence of higher total cash operating costs and a 2% decrease in finished product production36% decrease in cash operating cost per tonne of ilmenite to $60 (2021: $95) due to higher co-product revenues39% increase in EBITDA to $298.0 million (2021: $214.2 million)  due to stronger product pricing  representing a 60% EBITDA margin (2021: 51%)60% increase in profit after tax to $206.0 million (2021: $128.5 million) due to higher product prices83% increase in diluted earnings per share to $2.12 (2021: $1.16)Net cash of $27.5 million at year end 2022 (2021: $82.8 million net debt)  with cash and cash equivalents of $108.3 million (2021: $69.1 million)Story continuesOperationalHeavy Mineral Concentrate (“HMC”) production increased 2% in 2022 to 1 586 200 tonnes (2021: 1 555 900 tonnes)  benefitting from higher excavated ore volumes minedIlmenite production decreased 3% in 2022 to 1 088 300 tonnes (2021: 1 119 400 tonnes)Shipments of finished products of 1 075 600 tonnes in 2022  a 16% decrease compared to record tonnes shipped in 2021  reflecting four months planned maintenance on a transshipment vessel  the Bronagh J2023 ilmenite production guidance range of 1 050 000 to 1 150 000 tonnesDividend timetableThe Company confirms the dates for the proposed 2022 final dividend are as follows:Ex-dividend date 13 April 2023 Record date 14 April 2023 Currency election date 18 April 2023 at 12:00 noon (IST) AGM date for shareholder approval 11 May 2023 Payment date 19 May 2023Irish Dividend Withholding Tax (25%) must be deducted from dividends paid by the Company  unless a shareholder is entitled to an exemption and has submitted a properly completed exemption form to the Company’s Registrar.Analyst and investor briefing and conference callKenmare will host a briefing and conference call for analysts  institutional investors  lenders and media today at 09:00 UK time. Participant dial-in numbers for the conference call are as follows (a pin code is not required to access the call):UK: +44 (0) 20 3481 4247 Ireland: +353 (0) 1 582 2023 US: +1 (646) 307-1963To register for the webcast click here. A playback of the webcast will be available at www.kenmareresources.com.Private investor webinarThere will also be a separate webinar for private investors on Tuesday  28 March 2023 at 12:30 UK time. To access the webinar  please register in advance by clicking here.For further information  please contact:Kenmare Resources plcJeremy Dibb / Michael StarkeInvestor Relationsir@kenmareresources.comTel: +353 1 671 0411Mob: +353 87 943 0367Murray Group (PR advisor)Paul O’Kanepokane@murraygroup.ieTel: +353 1 498 0300Mob: +353 86 609 0221About Kenmare ResourcesKenmare Resources plc is one of the world's largest producers of mineral sands products. Listed on the London Stock Exchange and the Euronext Dublin  Kenmare operates the Moma Titanium Minerals Mine in Mozambique. Moma's production accounts for approximately 7% of global titanium feedstocks and the Company supplies to customers operating in more than 15 countries. Kenmare produces raw materials that are ultimately consumed in everyday quality-of-life items such as paints  plastics and ceramic tiles.All monetary amounts refer to United States dollars unless otherwise indicated.Forward-Looking StatementsThis announcement contains some forward-looking statements that represent Kenmare's expectations for its business  based on current expectations about future events  which by their nature involve risks and uncertainties. Kenmare believes that its expectations and assumptions with respect to these forward-looking statements are reasonable. However  because they involve risk and uncertainty  which are in some cases beyond Kenmare's control  actual results or performance may differ materially from those expressed or implied by such forward-looking information.CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENTDear shareholders IntroductionIt is a great honour to have succeeded Steven McTiernan as Chair of Kenmare following our AGM in May 2022. Kenmare has a world-class asset at Moma  a dedicated and talented workforce  safe and well-run operations  and a strong balance sheet.I’m delighted that the Company achieved record financial results in 2022  including revenues  profitability and dividends.A highlight of my year was getting out to site at Moma  meeting so many of our colleagues and seeing the passion and enthusiasm they have for our business. Our conversations really drove home to me the strength of Kenmare’s culture and how it is lived on a daily basis by staff at all levels of the business.The visit also provided an opportunity to see the new maternity unit at the Pilivilli health centre and inspect the high quality housing which was being built in preparation for the relocation of 86 households from the Isoa village. The Isoa relocation  which was completed in late 2022  has received extremely positive feedback: the new housing delivers a genuine uplift in living standards which I hope will be of lasting value to the community.Transition to NatakaMoma first achieved production in 2007  and 2022 marked 15 years of continuous operations there. The feasibility studies for the move to Nataka have demonstrated a clear route to the efficient and effective mining of this ore body and Wet Concentrator Plant (WCP) A is expected to begin transitioning to Nataka from 2025. Nataka represents the majority of our mineral resources and the detailed work we are doing now will underpin low-cost operations for decades to come. TZMI  the leading independent titanium minerals consultancy  has confirmed that Kenmare was a first quartile producer in 2021. When assessing financial investments  our priority is maintaining the best industry position possible on a sustainable basis to ensure strong business performance through the cycle. Further updates on the Nataka plans will be provided by the management team at the Capital Markets Day in April 2023.Shareholder returns2022 marks the fourth consecutive year of dividend payments to shareholders. The Board is recommending a final dividend for 2022 of USc43.33 per share (2021: USc25.42)  taking total dividends to $51.5 million or USc54.31 per share (2021: USc32.71)  up 66% on 2021.Looking forward  Kenmare remains committed to returning excess cash to shareholders. In 2023 we expect to begin making capital investments to support the transition of WCP A to Nataka  and there will be a need to balance our planning for long-term returns to shareholders with these funding requirements. We intend to maintain a strong balance sheet as we fund this capital programme  recognising a less certain global economic outlook.SustainabilityWe achieved almost 12 million hours worked without a Lost Time Injury to late September 2022  representing more than 18 months of operations. This was a phenomenal achievement  made possible by the hard work and dedication of all our colleagues. Maintaining this focus on safety is an important goal for 2023.I am pleased that we have increased the number of female mine employees from 6.9% in 2018 to 14.5% at the end of 2022. This met our gender diversity target for the year but  looking beyond numerical targets  our talented female colleagues are demonstrating the real benefits of diversity through their invaluable contributions across the Kenmare team.We acknowledge the human contribution to climate change and aim to reduce emissions from our already low carbon intensity operations. Kenmare has an ambition to achieve Net Zero on Scope 1 and 2 emissions by 2040  through ongoing decarbonisation of our operations and active offsetting to abate residual emissions. Absolute greenhouse gas emissions reduced by 6% year on year in 2022  benefitting from the investment we made in Rotary Uninterruptible Power Supply (RUPS) to reduce the usage of diesel generators  whilst maintaining stable power to support operations at the Mineral Separation Plant. An extensive maintenance programme at the Mineral Separation Plant also delivered significant diesel efficiencies at the dryers. More details on our achievements  targets and challenges can be found in the Sustainability section of our Annual Report.Board DevelopmentsSteven McTiernan stepped down as Chair of the Board of Directors following our 2022 AGM  having served nine years on the Board  most of them as Chair. During his time Steven greatly improved the Board’s strength and diversity and its governance of Kenmare. I’d like to thank Steven for his guidance  dedication and the time he took to ensure a smooth handover.In May 2022  the Company announced that our longstanding Financial Director  Tony McCluskey  would be stepping down from the role. Alongside Michael Carvill  Tony led the Company from the exploration phase through to mine development and onto expansion and his dedication to the role was unwavering through his tenure.Tom Hickey was appointed as Tony’s replacement and brings significant financial and natural resources experience to Kenmare  having served for 15 years as Executive Director of several public companies  including eight years as Chief Financial Officer of the African and South American-focused oil and gas producer Tullow Oil plc.On 31 December 2022  Sameer Oundhakar stepped down from his role with Oman Investment Authority (OIA)  which controls African Acquisition S.à.r.l. (AAS)  one of Kenmare’s largest investors  and which had nominated Sameer to the Kenmare Board. As a result  he stepped down from the Kenmare Board on that date and AAS nominated Issa Al Balushi in his place  who was appointed as a Director in early 2023.Consequently  four of our nine Directors have been appointed in the last eighteen months. Priorities for 2023 include continued senior management succession planning.I was pleased to see that this year’s internal performance evaluation process indicated a high level of satisfaction with the composition  performance and effectiveness of the Board and Committees. We will continue to improve this effectiveness through a number of initiatives in 2023.AcknowledgementsOn behalf of the Board  I would like to thank Steven McTiernan and Tony McCluskey for their leadership and contributions to the growth of Kenmare over many years  making it the business it is today.Thank you to everyone who has contributed to the Company’s success over the past year: in particular our employees  customers  contractors  local communities and suppliers.We are a business of scale  supplying over 7% of global titanium feedstocks  and we are fortunate to have mineral resources to grow even further. We are continuing to invest in Moma to ensure a smooth transition to mining at Nataka  where the bulk of our mineral resources lie  whilst seeking to maintain a first quartile industry position for decades to come.I look to the future with great optimism and excitement and firmly believe that the successful transition to Nataka will establish a foundation for the long-term success of the Company  to the benefit of all our stakeholders.Andrew WebbChairmanMANAGING DIRECTOR’S STATEMENTDear shareholders Introduction2022 marked a year of outstanding financial performance for Kenmare  supported by strong product markets. Record revenue and EBITDA  for a second consecutive year  moved the Company into a net cash position by year end.This has enabled the Board to recommend significantly increased dividends  up 66% on 2021 to USc54.31 per share; also benefitting from the reduced share count related to the buyback completed in late 2021.After over 30 years with Kenmare  Tony McCluskey retired in 2022 and I’d like to personally thank him for his huge contribution. He leaves Kenmare in the strongest financial position in its history. I would also like to welcome Tom Hickey who has been appointed as Tony’s successor  an experienced CFO with 15 years as Executive Director in public companies and significant experience in natural resources and operating in Africa.SafetyWe achieved almost 12 million hours worked without any Lost Time Injuries (LTI) to late September 2022 – a huge achievement and testament to the strong safety culture we have been striving to build.While Kenmare’s LTIFR increased to 0.09 incidents per 200 000 hours worked compared to 0.03 in 2021  it nevertheless reduced by 50% relative to the 3-year rolling average of 0.18. For a seventh consecutive year we also retained our NOSA maximum five-star level  based on NOSA’s independent assessment of the safety systems and procedures at Moma.However  the three LTIs recorded in late 2022 have caused us to redouble efforts to ensure consistent observance of good safety practices.SustainabilityAt Kenmare  we have always tried to put Sustainability at the heart of everything we do by being a trusted corporate citizen that aims to deliver a net positive impact to all stakeholders.In 2022 the Company completed the RUPS project; this helps to mitigate power supply disruptions at the Mineral Separation Plant and successfully reduced outages during the 2022/3 wet season. It also helps to drive lower carbon emissions  through the reduced usage of diesel generators.The RUPS project is a good example of NPV positive projects that are also aligned to our goals of achieving Net Zero on Scope 1 and 2 emissions by 2040. We are working hard to identify more projects in the same vein.Kenmare prides itself on being an organisation where employees can continue to grow and develop over many years. It was particularly pleasing for me to present at our Long Service Awards ceremony at Moma in September 2022  where we congratulated almost 500 employees who had completed more than 10  20  or even 30 years of service. I was very honoured to see the long-term commitment many of our colleagues have made to the success of our business. We have continued to invest in our people. Each employee at Moma received an average of 46 hours of training during the year  including 186 employees taking part in a bespoke management and leadership coaching programme.We recently completed our second bi-annual employee engagement survey. Overall engagement levels were found to be 83%  which is high relative to the 65% average reported by the company that carried out the survey. However  the results are lower than our previous survey (2020: 97% engaged) and we will be analysing them closely to form thematic action plans.Operational performanceIn 2022  revised production guidance was achieved for ilmenite and rutile while original production guidance was achieved for primary zircon and concentrates. HMC production in 2022 was 1 586 200 tonnes  a 2% increase compared to 2021. Whilst this was a slight improvement  excavated ore and recoveries were impacted by power outages  difficult mining conditions and slimes  as well as the previously reported bad weather early in the year.Shipments were impacted by our Bronagh J transshipment vessel going into five-yearly dry dock for maintenance work in Q2/Q3 and by poor weather conditions. However  Q4 2022 was the strongest quarter of the year for shipments and close to a record  with 365 700 tonnes shipped  demonstrating our ability to achieve a 1.3 Mtpa run rate.Costs were negatively impacted by high inflation rates and unit costs were a product of lower production and higher operating costs.It has been a stated core strategy of the business to achieve a first quartile revenue to cash cost position in our industry and we were delighted that TZMI  the leading independent commodity consultancy in mineral sands  declared that Kenmare achieved this goal in respect of 2021.Product marketKenmare’s unique 100-year life-of-mine operation produces a range of titanium feedstocks and accounts for 7% of global titanium feedstock supply. Titanium is listed on the critical minerals list of a number of countries  including the US and in Europe  and used in a wide variety of applications such as providing opacity and colour in paints  paper  plastics  fabrics  inks  and in the manufacture of titanium metal. Zircon products are used in the ceramic industry and in the production of zirconia chemicals  which in turn are used in screens and electronics. Our mineral sands concentrate product contains Rare Earth Oxides which have also been highlighted as critical minerals for the energy transition.2022 was a strong year for Kenmare’s sales. The average price of Kenmare’s product suite increased 42% to a record of $463/t as Kenmare continued to establish its position as a reliable supplier of titanium feedstocks. With security and reliability of supply increasingly prominent considerations for many downstream customers  we are seeing the market assign a greater value to Kenmare as a proven  stable long-term supplier  enabling us to place our products in the strongest downstream markets. As high-grade feedstocks continue to deplete  Kenmare’s position as the largest merchant supplier of ilmenite provides an optimal position from which to capitalise on ilmenite’s growing market share through beneficiation. It also enables us to invest for the future with confidence.The first half of 2022 saw momentum continue from 2021 as pigment producers operated at close to full capacity and were constrained due to shortages of titanium feedstocks. Pigment demand decreased throughout the year as the global economic outlook weakened and China’s zero-COVID-19 policy muted industrial activity. Pigment destocking and inflationary cost increases pressured pigment producers’ margins  forcing some producers to delay purchases  constrain production or idle pigment lines. We expect pigment stocks to have depleted in early 2023 with strong signs of increasing demand and the restarting of pigment lines. Despite increased pressure on the pigment market  Kenmare continued to see robust demand and in Q4 2022 achieved a ninth consecutive quarterly price increase for ilmenite.Capital projectsTo support the future mine life at Moma  we will need to transition production to Nataka  the largest ore zone in Moma’s portfolio  in the coming years. Studies to support WCP A’s transition to Nataka  which starts mining there from 2025  continue to progress well.Unlike the move of WCP B via road  WCP A will mine its way to a high-grade path in Nataka through a transition corridor from Namalope. Once WCP A has arrived in Nataka  the plant will spend the rest of its economic life there. The ore we mine contains very fine particles that do not settle easily in water - known as slimes. They cause challenges with our operations and slimes management is a key factor in keeping our operating costs low. The slimes levels in our mining path have been growing in recent years and the move to Nataka will further raise the levels of slimes encountered. Management of these conditions is essential to successful production at Nataka and we expect to introduce a dedicated desliming circuit at WCP A in advance of the move to fully address these operational challenges.Studies have been focused on the optimisation of mining in this new ore zone to make sure that we can remain in the first quartile of the revenue to cash cost position in our industry  as this is central to our strategy of ensuring strong cashflows through the cycle. This has involved extensive work developing a robust operating model and assessing the appropriate balance between capital and operating costs to obtain the optimal solution.OutlookI would like to thank all our colleagues who have continued to work tirelessly to support the growth of Kenmare. Working closely with our partners  particularly those in Mozambique  is a key element to our success and I would like to thank them all for their support last year.The work Kenmare completed since 2018 to increase production volumes  control costs and become a first quartile producer in our industry has built a great foundation. Despite a potentially softer global economy in the short term  we remain strongly positioned with record profitability.In 2023 we expect our product markets to be more challenging  although our fundamentals remain strong. We have an industry leading safety record and a long-life ore body  with mineral resources to support production for more than 100 years. Our robust balance sheet and strong cashflow generation give us confidence in our ability to maintain strong shareholder returns whilst funding the transition of WCP A  to secure mining for decades to come.I look forward to laying out our future plans in more detail at the Capital Markets Day on 26 April 2023.Michael CarvillManaging DirectorUNAUDITED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2022Notes Unaudited2022$’000 2021 Restated*$’000 Revenue 2 525 988 455 944 Cost of sales 4 (282 694) (295 010) Gross profit 243 294 160 934 Administration Expenses 4 (9 862) (9 825) Operating profit 233 432 151 109 Finance income 5 1 147 265 Finance costs 5 (12 472) (14 078) Profit before tax 222 107 137 296 Income tax expense 6 (16 073) (8 770) Profit for the financial year and total comprehensive income for the financial year 206 034 128 526 Attributable to equity holders 206 034 128 526 $ per share $ per share Basic earnings per share 7 2.17 1.18 Diluted earnings per share 7 2.12 1.16*Refer to Note 4 for further details on the 2021 restatement.The accompanying notes form part of these financial statements.UNAUDITED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION AS AT 31 DECEMBER 2022Notes Unaudited2022$’000 2021$’000 Assets Non-current assets Property  plant and equipment 8 930 759 954 558 Right-of-use assets 9 1 608 2 136 932 367 956 694 Current assets Inventories 10 84 171 60 219 Trade and other receivables 11 124 018 74 747 Cash and cash equivalents 12 108 271 69 057 316 460 204 023 Total assets 1 248 827 1 160 717 Equity Capital and reserves attributable to the Company’s equity holders Called-up share capital 13 104 104 Share premium 545 950 545 950 Other reserves 232 759 230 539 Retained earnings 324 721 154 050 Total equity 1 103 534 930 643 Liabilities Non-current liabilities Bank loans 14 46 180 74 757 Lease liabilities 9 1 540 971 Provisions 15 19 746 38 999 67 466 114 727 Current liabilities Bank loans 14 32 398 73 342 Lease liabilities 9 245 1 207 Trade and other payables 16 35 293 32 768 Current tax liabilities 17 8 893 4 808 Provisions 15 998 3 222 77 827 115 347 Total liabilities 145 293 230 074 Total equity and liabilities 1 248 827 1 160 717The accompanying notes form part of these financial statements.UNAUDITED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2022Unaudited Called-Up ShareCapital$’000 UnauditedSharePremium$’000 Unaudited Other Reserves$’000 Unaudited RetainedEarnings$’000 UnauditedTotal$’000 Balance at 1 January 2021 120 545 950 231 350 123 083 900 503 Total comprehensive income for the year Profit for the financial year – – – 128 526 128 526 Total comprehensive income for the year – – – 128 526 128 526 Transactions with owners of the Company Recognition of share-based payment expense – – 3 420 – 3 420 Exercise of share-based payment awards – – (2 283) – (2 283) Unvested and expired share-based payments – – (1 964) 1 964 – Tender offer share buyback (16) – 81 605 (81 589) – Tender offer share buyback transaction costs – – – (1 540) (1 540) Cancellation of treasury shares – – (81 589) – (81 589) Dividends paid – – – (16 394) (16 394) Total contributions and distributions (16) – (811) (97 559) (98 386) Balance at 1 January 2022 104 545 950 230 539 154 050 930 643 Total comprehensive income for the year Profit for the financial year – – – 206 034 206 034 Total comprehensive income for the year – – – 206 034 206 034 Transactions with owners of the Company Recognition of share-based payment expense – – 5 601 – 5 601 Exercise of share-based payment awards – – (3 363) – (3 363) Shares acquired by the Kenmare Employee Benefit Trust – – (1 797) – (1 797) Shares distributed by the Kenmare Employee Benefit Trust – – 1 779 – 1 779 Odd lot offer share buyback – – 515 (515) – Cancellation of treasury shares – – (515) – (515) Odd lot offer share buyback transaction costs – – – (122) (122) Dividends paid – – – (34 726) (34 726) Total contributions and distributions – – 2 220 (35 363) (33 143) Balance at 31 December 2022 104 545 950 232 759 324 721 1 103 534UNAUDITED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2022Notes Unaudited2022$’000 2021$’000 Cash flows from operating activities Profit for the financial year after tax 206 034 128 526 Adjustment for: Foreign exchange movement included in operating costs 4 1 123 1 872 Expected credit losses 18 1 110 225 Share-based payments 5 601 3 420 Finance income 5 (1 147) (265) Finance costs 5 12 472 14 078 Income tax expense 6 16 073 8 770 Depreciation 8  9 64 596 63 136 305 862 219 762 Change in: Provisions (2 141) 2 372 Inventories (23 952) 3 451 Trade and other receivables (47 627) (45 057) Trade and other payables (1 680) (15 681) Exercise of share-based payment awards (1 566) (2 283) Cash generated from operating activities 228 896 162 564 Income tax paid (10 461) (6 284) Interest received 4 657 265 Interest paid 14 (6 921) (7 147) Factoring and other trade facility fees 5 (2 218) (1 431) Debt commitment fees paid 5 (534) (161) Net cash from operating activities 209 419 147 806 Investing activities Additions to property  plant and equipment 8 (59 867) (60 342) Net cash used in investing activities (59 867) (60 342) Financing activities Dividends paid (34 726) (16 394) Odd lot offer share buyback (515) – Odd lot offer share buyback transaction costs (122) – Tender offer share buyback – (81 589) Tender offer share buyback transaction costs – (1 540) Market purchase of equity under Kenmare Restricted Share Plan (1 797) – Drawdown of debt 14 20 000 20 000 Repayment of debt 14 (91 429) (20 000) Payment of lease liabilities (1 142) (1 449) Net cash used in financing activities (109 731) (100 972) Net increase/(decrease) in cash and cash equivalents 39 821 (13 508) Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of the financial year 69 057 87 244 Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents (607) (4 679) Cash and cash equivalents at the end of the financial year 12 108 271 69 057UNAUDITED NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 20221. Statement of accounting policiesKenmare Resources plc (the “Company”) is domiciled in the Republic of Ireland. The Company’s registered address is Styne House  Hatch Street Upper  Dublin 2. The Company has a premium listing on the Main Market of the London Stock Exchange and a secondary listing on Euronext Dublin. These unaudited consolidated financial statements comprise the Company and its subsidiary undertakings (the “Group”). The principal activity of the Group is the operation and further development of the Moma Titanium Minerals Mine in Mozambique.On 21 March 2023  the Directors approved the preliminary results for publication. While the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2022  from which the preliminary results have been extracted  are prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) as adopted by the European Union  these preliminary results do not contain sufficient information to comply with IFRS. The Directors expect to publish on 6 April 2023 the full financial statements that comply with IFRS as adopted by the European Union.The auditor  KPMG  has not yet issued their audit opinion on the financial statements in respect of the year ended 31 December 2022. The financial information included within this unaudited preliminary results statement for the year ended 31 December 2022 does not constitute the statutory financial statements of the Group within the meaning of section 293 of the Companies Act 2014. The Group financial information in this preliminary statement for the year ended 31 December 2022 is unaudited. A copy of the statutory financial statements in respect of the year ended 31 December 2022 will be annexed to the next annual return and filed with the Registrar of Companies.The Group financial information for the year ended 31 December 2021 included in this preliminary statement represents an abbreviated version of the Group’s financial statements for that year. The statutory financial statements for the Group for the year ended 31 December 2021  upon which the auditor  KPMG  has issued an unqualified opinion  were annexed to the annual return of the Company and filed with the Registrar of Companies.None of the new and revised standards and interpretations which are effective for accounting periods beginning on or after 1 January 2022  have a material effect on the Group’s financial statements.Basis of preparationThe consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRSs) issued by the International Accounting Standards Board (IASB) and interpretations issued by the IFR Interpretations Committee (IFRIC) as adopted by the EU and those parts of the Companies Act 2014 applicable to companies reporting under IFRS and Article 4 of the IAS Regulation.The 2021 income statement has been restated in order to reclassify freight costs and distribution costs from other operating costs to cost of sales. In addition  foreign exchange losses have been reclassified to other operating costs and are no longer presented separately on the face of the income statement. Management feel these presentational changes more appropriately reflect the nature of each category of expense. Further details can be found in Note 4.Going concernThe Directors have evaluated the appropriateness of the going concern basis in preparing the 2022 Consolidated Financial Statements for a period of at least twelve months from the date of approval of these financial statements (the ‘period of assessment’). The evaluation is based on the Group’s cash flow forecast (“the Group Forecast”).The Group Forecast has been prepared by management with best estimates of production  pricing and cost assumptions over the period of assessment. The Group recognises the principal risks which can impact on the outcome of the Group Forecast and have therefore applied sensitivity analysis to the assumptions to test the robustness of the cash flow forecast for changes in market prices  shipments  operating and capital cost assumptions.Changes in these assumptions affect the level of sales and profitability of the Group and the amount of capital required to deliver the projected production levels. Debt covenants are complied with and Group liquidity is maintained  although at lower levels  in each of these scenarios.Having assessed the principal risks facing the Group  together with the Group’s cash flow forecast  the Directors have a reasonable expectation that the Group has adequate resources for the foreseeable future and can continue to adopt the going concern basis of accounting in preparing the annual financial statements.2. Revenue2022$’000 2021$’000 Revenue from contracts with customers Revenue derived from the sale of mineral products 498 339 420 550 Revenue derived from freight services 27 649 35 394 Total Revenue 525 988 455 944Revenue by productThe principal categories for disaggregating mineral products revenue are by product type and by country of the customer’s location. The product types are ilmenite  zircon  rutile and concentrates. Concentrates includes secondary zircon and mineral sands concentrates.During the financial year  the Group sold 1 075 600 tonnes (2021: 1 285 300 tonnes) of finished products to customers at a sales value of $498.3 million (2021: $420.5 million). The Group earned revenue derived from freight services of $27.6 million ($35.4 million).2022$’000 2021$’000 Revenue derived from sales of mineral products by primary product Ilmenite 347 446 334 714 Primary zircon 99 152 62 727 Concentrates 33 057 19 554 Rutile 18 684 3 555 Total revenue from mineral products 498 339 420 550 Revenue derived from Freight services 27 649 35 394 Total Revenue 525 988 455 944Revenue by destinationIn the following table  revenue is disaggregated by primary geographical market. The Group allocates revenue from external customers to individual countries and discloses revenues in each country where revenues represent 10% or more of the Group’s total revenue. Where total disclosed revenue disaggregated by country constitutes less than 75% of total Group revenue  additional disclosures are made on a regional basis until at least 75% of the Group’s disaggregated revenue is disclosed. There were no individual countries within Europe  Asia (excluding China) or the Rest of the World with revenues representing 10% or more of the Group’s total revenue during the year.2022$’000 2021$’000 Revenue derived from sales of mineral product by destination China 154 704 192 635 Europe 130 440 77 891 Asia (excluding China) 108 487 74 583 USA 51 600 44 312 Rest of the World 53 108 31 129 Total revenue from mineral products 498 339 420 550 Revenue derived from Freight services 27 649 35 394 Total Revenue 525 988 455 944Revenue by major customersThe Group evaluates the concentration of mineral product revenue by major customer. The following table disaggregates mineral product revenue from the Group’s four largest customers.2022$’000 2021$’000 Mineral product revenue from external customers Largest customer 74 671 65 500 Second largest customer 62 791 62 285 Third largest customer 58 413 50 642 Fourth largest customer 41 015 42 029 Total 236 890 220 456All Group revenues from external customers are generated by the Moma Titanium Minerals Mine in Mozambique. Further details on this operating segment can be found in Note 3. Sales to and from Ireland were $nil (2021: $nil) in the year.3. Segment reportingInformation on the operations of the Moma Titanium Minerals Mine in Mozambique is reported to the Group’s Board for the purposes of resource allocation and assessment of segment performance. Information regarding the Group’s operating segment is reported below:2022 2021 Restated Corporate Mozambique Total Corporate Mozambique Total Revenue & Results Revenue* – 525 988 525 988 – 455 944 455 944 Cost of sales – (282 694) (282 694) – (295 010) (295 010) Gross profit – 243 294 243 294 – 160 934 160 934 Administrative expenses (7 848) (2 014) (9 862) (7 700) (2 125) (9 825) Segment operating profit (7 848) 241 280 233 432 (7 700) 158 809 151 109 Finance income 23 1 124 1 147 47 218 265 Finance expenses (83) (12 389) (12 472) (98) (13 980) (14 078) Profit before tax (7 908) 230 015 222 107 (7 751) 145 047 137 296 Income tax expense (1 601) (14 472) (16 073) (3 083) (5 687) (8 770) Profit for the financial year (9 509) 215 543 206 034 (10 834) 139 360 128 526 Segment assets & Liabilities Segment Assets 12 583 1 236 244 1 248 827 6 798 1 153 919 1 160 717 Segment Liabilities 4 722 140 571 145 293 4 221 225 853 230 074 Additions to non-current assets Segment Additions to non-current assets – 59 867 59 867 – 60 342 60 342*Revenue excludes inter-segment revenue of $24.2m earned by the corporate segment relating to marketing and management services fee income. Inter-segment revenue is determined by intercompany agreements between the Group's subsidiary undertakings but does not form part of regular reporting reviewed by the Group's Board.Corporate assets consist of the Company’s property  plant and equipment including right-of-use assets  cash and cash equivalents and prepayments at the reporting date. Corporate liabilities consist of trade and other payables at the reporting date.4. Cost and income analysis2022$’000 Restated 2021$’000 Expenses by function Cost of sales 282 694 295 010 Administration expenses 9 862 9 825 Total 292 556 304 835Expenses by nature can be analysed as follows:2022$’000 Restated 2021$’000 Expenses by nature Staff costs 55 907 46 712 Repairs and maintenance 43 151 43 208 Power and fuel 43 960 30 400 Freight 27 649 35 394 Distribution costs 5 699 5 215 Other production and operating costs 72 099 69 552 Movement of mineral products inventory (21 628) 9 346 Depreciation of property  plant and equipment and right-of-use assets 64 596 63 136 Foreign exchange loss 1 123 1 872 Total 292 556 304 835Mineral products consist of finished products and heavy mineral concentrate as detailed in Note 10. Mineral stock movement in the year was an increase of $21.6 million (2021: $9.3 million decrease). Distribution costs of $5.7 million (2021: $5.2 million) represent the cost of running the Mine’s finished product storage  jetty and marine fleet. Freight costs of $27.6 million (2021: $35.4 million) arise from sales to customers on a CIF or CFR basis. There were no exceptional items within operating profit in 2022 (2021 restated: $nil).The 2021 income statement has been restated in order to reclassify freight costs and distribution costs from other operating costs to cost of sales. In addition  foreign exchange gains and losses have been reclassified to administrative costs and are no longer presented separately on the face of the income statement. Management feel these presentational changes more appropriately reflect the nature of each category of expense.As previously reported Adjustment As restated$’000 Revenue 455 944 – 455 944 Cost of sales (244 986) (50 024) (295 010) Other Operating Costs/Administration Expenses (57 977) 48 152 (9 825) Net Finance costs (11 788) (2 025) (13 813) Foreign exchange (3 897) 3 897 – Taxation (8 770) – (8 770) Profit for the financial year and total comprehensive income for the financial year 128 526 – 128 5265. Net Finance costs2022$’000 Restated 2021$’000 Finance costs Interest on bank borrowings (8 829) (9 475) Interest on lease liabilities (147) (239) Factoring and other trade facility fees (2 218) (1 431) Commitment and other fees (534) (161) Unwinding of discount on mine closure provision (744) (747) Foreign exchange loss – (2 025) Total Finance Costs (12 472) (14 078) Interest earned on bank deposits 657 265 Foreign exchange gain 490 – Total Finance Income 1 147 265 Net finance costs recognised in profit or loss (11 325) (13 813)All interest has been expensed in the financial year. The Group has classified factoring and other trade facility fees in net cash from operating activities in the Consolidated Statement of Cashflows.6. Income tax expense2022$’000 2021$’000 Corporation tax 16 073 8 770 Deferred tax – – Total 16 073 8 770 Reconciliation of effective tax rate Profit before tax 222 107 137 296 Profit before tax multiplied by the applicable tax rate (12.5%) 27 763 17 162 Under provision in respect of prior years 546 – Non-taxable income (18 120) (10 826) Non-deductible expenses 483 331 Differences in effective tax rates on overseas earnings 5 401 2 103 Total 16 073 8 770During the year  KMML Mozambique Branch had taxable profits of $39.9 million (2021: $16.2 million)  resulting in an income tax expense of $14.5 million (2021: $5.7 million) being recognised. The income tax rate applicable to taxable profits of KMML Mozambique Branch is 35% (2021: 35%).KMML Mozambique Branch has elected  and the fiscal regime applicable to mining allows for  the option to deduct  as an allowable deduction  depreciation of exploration and development expense and capital expenditure over the life of mine. Tax losses may be carried forward for three years. There are no tax losses carried forward at 31 December 2022.KMPL Mozambique Branch has Industrial Free Zone (IFZ) status. As an IFZ Branch  it is exempted from corporation taxes and hence its income is non-taxable.During the year  Kenmare Resources plc had taxable profits of $13.3 million (2021: $32.5 million) as a result of management and marketing service fee income earned on services provided to subsidiary undertakings  resulting in a corporate tax expense of $1.6 million (2021: $3.1 million).7. Earnings per shareThe calculation of the basic and diluted earnings per share attributable to the ordinary equity holders of the Company is based on the following data:2022$’000 2021$’000 Profit for the financial year attributable to equity holders of the Company 206 034 128 5262022Number of shares 2021Number of shares Weighted average number of issued ordinary shares for the purpose of basic earnings per share 94 919 944 108 843 459 Effect of dilutive potential ordinary shares: Share awards 2 361 819 2 185 857 Weighted average number of ordinary shares for the purposes of diluted earnings per share 97 281 763 111 029 316$ per share $ per share Basic earnings per share 2.17 1.18 Diluted earnings per share 2.12 1.16The denominator for the purposes of calculating both basic and diluted earnings per share has been adjusted to reflect shares acquired and subsequently cancelled during the year.8. Property  plant and equipmentPlant andEquipment$’000 DevelopmentExpenditure$’000 ConstructionIn Progress$’000 OtherAssets$’000 Total$’000 Cost At 1 January 2021 995 856 249 971 52 416 63 114 1 361 357 Additions during the financial year 784 – 59 558 – 60 342 Transfer from construction in progress 29 586 8 201 (50 544) 12 757 – Disposals (6 557) – – (11 440) (17 997) Adjustment to mine closure cost (2 240) – – – (2 240) At 31 December 2021 1 017 429 258 172 61 430 64 431 1 401 462 Additions during the financial year 252 112 59 261 242 59 867 Transfer from construction in progress 48 233 1 767 (69 918) 19 918 – Disposals (10 230) – – (7 201) (17 431) Adjustment to mine closure cost (20 080) – – – (20 080) At 31 December 2022 1 035 604 260 051 50 773 77 390 1 423 818 Accumulated depreciation At 1 January 2021 232 441 135 153 – 35 255 402 849 Charge for the financial year 44 229 6 336 – 11 487 62 052 Disposals (6 557) – – (11 440) (17 997) At 31 December 2021 270 113 141 489 – 35 302 446 904 Charge for the financial year 44 435 6 379 – 12 772 63 586 Disposals (10 230) – – (7 201) (17 431) At 31 December 2022 304 318 147 868 – 40 873 493 059 Carrying amount At 31 December 2022 731 286 112 183 50 773 36 517 930 759 At 31 December 2021 747 316 116 683 61 430 29 129 954 558An adjustment to the mine closure cost of $20.1 million (2021: $2.2 million) was made during the year as a result of an update in the discount rate as detailed in Note 15.At each reporting date  the Group assesses whether there is any indication that property  plant and equipment may be impaired. The Group considers the relationship between its market capitalisation and its book value  among other factors  when reviewing for indicators for impairment. As at 31 December 2022  the market capitalisation of the Group was below the book value of net assets  which is considered an indicator of impairment. The Group carried out an impairment review of property  plant and equipment as at 31 December 2022. As a result of the review  and given the performance and outlook of the Group  no impairment provision was recognised in the current financial year. No impairment was recognised in the prior financial year. Given the historic volatility in product pricing and sensitivity analysis of forecast product pricing  the discount rate and to a lesser extent operating costs  the impairment loss of $64.8 million  which was recognised in the consolidated statement of comprehensive income in 2014  was not reversed.The cash-generating unit for the purpose of impairment testing is the Moma Titanium Minerals Mine. The basis on which the Mine is assessed is its value in use. The cash flow forecast employed for the value in use computation is from a life of mine financial model. The recoverable amount obtained from the financial model represents the present value of the future discounted pre-tax  pre-finance cash flows discounted at 14.0% (2021: 10.5%).Key assumptions include the following:• The discount rate is based on the Group’s weighted average cost of capital. This rate is a best estimate of the current market assessment of the time value of money and the risks specific to the Mine  taking into consideration country risk  currency risk and price risk. The factors making up the cost of equity  cost of debt and capital structure have changed from the prior year review  to reflect increases in the risk-free rate  resulting in a discount rate of 14.0% (2021: 10.5%). The Group’s estimation of the country risk premium included in the discount rate has remained unchanged from the prior year. The Group does not consider it appropriate to apply the full current country risk premium for Mozambique to the calculation of the Group’s weighted average cost of capital as it believes the specific circumstances which have resulted in the risk premium increase over the past number of years are not relevant to the specific circumstances of the Moma Mine. Hence  country risk premium applicable to the calculation of the cost of equity has been adjusted accordingly. Using a discount rate of 14.0%  the recoverable amount is greater than the carrying amount by $86.9 million (2021: $384.0 million). The discount rate is a significant factor in determining the recoverable amount. A 1.5% increase in the discount rate to 15.5% reduces the recoverable amount by $86.9 million to $nil  assuming all other inputs remain unchanged. The decrease in the recoverable amount from the prior year is a result of decreased cash flows over the life of mine as a result of increased forecast capital and operating costs and an increase in the discount rate from 10.5% to 14.0%.• A mine plan is based on the Namalope  Nataka  Pilivili and Mualadi proved and probable reserves and resources. Specific resource material is included only where there is a high degree of confidence in its economic extraction. The Mine life assumption of 40 years has not changed from the prior year review. Average annual production is approximately 1.2 million tonnes (2021: 1.2 million tonnes) of ilmenite and co-products zircon  rutile and concentrates over the life of the Mine and remains unchanged from the prior year review. This mine plan does not include investment in additional mining capacity. Certain minimum stocks of final and intermediate products are assumed to be maintained at period ends.• Product sales prices are based on contract prices as stipulated in marketing agreements with customers  or where contracts are based on market prices or production is not currently contracted  prices are forecast by the Group taking into account independent titanium mineral sands expertise provided by TiPMC Solutions and management expectations including general inflation of 2% per annum. Forecast prices provided by TiPMC Solutions have been reviewed and found to be consistent with other external sources of information. Average forecast product sales prices have increased over the life of mine from the prior year end review as a result of revised forecast pricing. A 2.5% reduction in average sales prices over the life of mine reduces the recoverable amount by $86.9 million to $nil  assuming all other inputs remain unchanged.• Operating costs are based on approved budget costs for 2023 taking into account conservative estimated inflation rates for 2023. From 2024 onwards  operating costs are escalated by 2% per annum as management expects inflation to normalise and average 2% over the life of mine period. Average forecast operating costs have increased from the prior year end review as a result of increased production and inflation. Increased costs associated with estimated future power consumption and unit prices for mining in Nataka have also been included in the forecast cashflows. A 5.0% increase in operating costs over the life of mine reduces the recoverable amount by $86.9 million to $nil  assuming all other inputs remain unchanged.Whilst the Group has set ambitions to be net zero by 2040  the financial impact is still being assessed as the Group considers how it will work towards meeting this target. As such  estimates and judgements within these financial statements do not consider the expenditure (or any related savings) associated with the Company’s ambition to become net zero nor the financial impact of the climate risks disclosed within the Group’s TCFD reporting as a reliable estimate cannot currently be made.• Capital costs are based on a life of mine capital plan including inflation at 2% per annum from 2024. Average forecast capital costs have increased and their scheduling has changed from the prior year end review based on updated sustaining and development capital plans required to maintain the existing plant over the life of mine. A 8.0% increase in capital costs over the life of mine reduces the recoverable amount by $86.9 million to $nil  assuming all other inputs remain unchanged.9. Right-of-use assets and lease liabilitiesPlant and Equipment$’000 Land and Buildings$’000 Total$’000Cost At 1 January 2022 3 319 2 108 5 427 Additions – 482 482 At 31 December 2022 3 319 2 590 5 909 Accumulated Depreciation At 1 January 2022 2 489 802 3 291 Depreciation expense 830 180 1 010 At 31 December 2022 3 319 982 4 301 Carrying amount At 31 December 2022 – 1 608 1 608 At 31 December 2021 830 1 306 2 136On 1 January 2019  the Group recognised a lease liability of $3.3 million in relation to electricity generators at the Mine. The lease for the electricity generators was renewed in November 2017 for a five-year period and rental payments were fixed for the five years. The lease agreement expired in November 2022 and following negotiations the Group completed the acquisition process of the electricity generators in February 2023.On 1 January 2019  the Group recognised a lease liability of $1.7 million in respect of the rental of its Irish head office. The lease has a term of 10 years commencing August 2017 and rental payments are fixed for five years. This lease obligation is denominated in Euros.In February 2019  the Group recognised a lease liability of $0.4 million in respect of its Mozambican country office in Maputo. The lease has a seven-year term commencing February 2019 and rental payments are fixed for seven years. This lease obligation is denominated in US Dollars. The Branch has discounted lease payments using its incremental borrowing rates. The weighted average rate applied is 7%.In December 2022  the Maputo Office lease was modified and remeasured. The lease term was extended to 10 years commencing 1 December 2022. In addition  additional floor space of 250 square meters was leased as an addendum to the existing contract. The Group has determined that the lease modification should not be accounted for as a separate lease because the lease payments for the new office space are not considered commensurate with market rentals for office space of that size and characteristic. The incremental borrowing rate applied to the remeasured lease is 10.2%.At each reporting date  the Company assesses whether there is any indication that right-of-use assets may be impaired. No impairment indicators were identified as at 31 December 2022 or 31 December 2021.The Group has recognised a rental expense of $3.9 million (2021: $9.0 million) in relation to short term leases of machinery and vehicles which have not been recognised as a right-of-use asset.Set out below are the carrying amounts of lease liabilities at each reporting date:2022$’000 2021$’000 Current 245 1 207 Non-current 1 540 971 Total 1 785 2 178The consolidated income statement includes the following amounts relating to leases:2022$’000 2021$’000 Depreciation expense 1 010 1 084 Interest expense on lease liabilities 147 239 Total 1 157 1 32310. Inventories2022$’000 2021$’000 Mineral products 43 655 22 027 Consumable spares 40 516 38 192 84 171 60 219At 31 December 2022  total final product stock was 213 500 tonnes (2021: 88 700 tonnes). Closing stock of heavy mineral concentrate was 18 800 tonnes (2021: 11 500 tonnes). During the year  inventory amounting to $235.2 million (2021: $246.4 million) was recognised as an expense in cost of sales.Net realisable value is determined with reference to forecast prices of finished products expected to be achieved. There is no guarantee that these prices will be achieved in the future  particularly in weak product markets. During the financial year  there was a write-down of $nil (2021: $0.5 million) to mineral products charged to cost of sales to value mineral products at net realisable value.11. Trade and other receivables2022$’000 2021$’000 Trade receivables 104 970 66 204 VAT receivable 4 527 790 Prepayments 14 521 7 753 124 018 74 74712. Cash and cash equivalents2022$’000 2021$’000 Bank balances 108 271 69 057Cash and cash equivalents comprise cash balances held for the purposes of meeting short-term cash commitments and investments which are readily convertible to a known amount of cash and are subject to an insignificant risk of change in value. Where investments are categorised as cash equivalents  the related balances have a maturity of three months or less from the date of investment.13. Called-up share capital2022€’000 2021€’000 Authorised share capital 181 000 000 ordinary shares of €0.001 each 181 181 181 1812022$’000 2021$’000 Allotted  called up and fully paid Opening balance 94 921 970 (2021: 109 736 382) ordinary shares of €0.001 each 104 120 Acquired and cancelled92 419 (2021: 14 814 412) ordinary shares of €0.001 each – (16) Closing balance 94 829 551 (2021: 94 921 970) ordinary shares of €0.001 each 104 104 Total called-up share capital 104 104No ordinary shares were issued during the year (2021: $nil).On 3 October 2022  under the authority granted at the Company’s Annual General Meeting held on 26 May 2022  and in accordance with Section 1075 of the Companies Act 2014 and article 147 of the Articles of Association  the Company completed an odd lot offer which involved the acquisition of 92 419 ordinary shares of €0.001 each in the capital of the Company representing 0.1% of the then called-up share capital of the Company for a total cash consideration of $0.5 million. The odd lot offer buyback was funded from distributable reserves and all ordinary shares acquired by the Company were subsequently cancelled. Transaction costs associated with the transaction amounted to $0.1 million and were accounted for as a deduction from retained earnings.On 10 December 2021  under the authority granted at the Company’s extraordinary General Meeting held on 9 December 2021  and in accordance with Section 105(1) and Section 106(1) of the Companies Act 2014 and article 47 and article 48 of the Articles of Association  the Company completed a tender offer buyback of 14 814 412 ordinary shares of €0.001 each in the capital of the Company representing 13.5% of the then called-up share capital of the Company for a total cash consideration of $81.6 million. The tender offer share buyback was funded from distributable reserves and all ordinary shares acquired by the Company were subsequently cancelled. Transaction costs associated with the transaction amounted to $1.5 million and were accounted for as a deduction from retained earnings.14. Bank loans2022$’000 2021$’000 Borrowings 78 578 148 099 The borrowings are repayable as follows: Less than one year 33 653 73 342 Between two and five years 47 142 78 572 80 795 151 914 Transaction costs (2 217) (3 815) Total carrying amount 78 578 148 099BorrowingsOn 11 December 2019  the Group entered into debt facilities with Absa Bank Limited (acting through its Corporate and Investment Banking Division) (“Absa”)  The Emerging Africa Infrastructure Fund (part of the Private Infrastructure Development Group) (“EAIF”)  Nedbank Limited (acting through its Nedbank Corporate and Investment Banking division) (“Nedbank”)  Rand Merchant Bank and Standard Bank Group (“Standard Bank”).The debt facilities comprise a $110 million Term Loan Facility and a $40 million Revolving Credit Facility that share common terms and a common security package. The finance documentation also accommodates for a Mine Closure Guarantee Facility (provided by either the existing lenders or other finance providers) of up to $40 million  with the provider(s) of such a facility sharing in the common security package. The potential total aggregate principal amount of indebtedness secured under the finance documentation is therefore $190 million. The transaction costs for arrangement of the debt facilities amounted to $6.5 million. The Term Loan Facility has a final maturity date of 11 March 2025. Interest is at LIBOR plus 5.40% per annum. Repayment is in seven equal semi-annual instalments  beginning 11 March 2022.On 21 July 2022 the Revolving Credit Facility was extended by 12 months and now has a maturity date of 11 December 2023  which is extendable by a further 12 months subject to lender consent. As at the end of the period  interest is at LIBOR plus 4.25% per annum (5.0% up to 11 December 2022).The Group entered into a mine closure guarantee facility with Absa Bank Moçambique SA effective from 1 July 2022 for an amount of $18.9 million. This guarantee shares the security package with the Term Loan Facility and Revolving Credit Facility on a pro rata and pari passu basis.The security package consists of (a) security over the Group’s bank accounts (subject to certain exceptions)  (b) pledges of the shares of Kenmare Moma Processing (Mauritius) Limited and Kenmare Moma Mining (Mauritius) Limited (the “Project Companies”)  (c) security over intercompany loans  and (d) Mozambican law security interests over certain rights and agreements with Mozambican authorities  including over the Implementation Agreement  the Mineral Licensing Contract and the Mining Licence.The carrying amount of the secured bank accounts of the Group was $102.9 million as at 31 December 2022 (2021: $66.9 million). The shares of the Project Companies and intercompany loans are not included in the consolidated statement of financial position as they are eliminated on consolidation. They  therefore  do not have a carrying amount but  upon enforcement of the pledges on behalf of the lender group  the shares in the Project Companies would cease to be owned or controlled by the Group. The secured rights and agreements do not have a carrying amount. They are  however  necessary for the Project Companies to operate the Mine in Mozambique.At 31 December 2022  total debt of $78.6 million (2021: $148.1 million) was recognised by the Group. The $40 million Revolving Credit Facility was repaid in full in February 2022 and a further $20 million was drawn down in September 2022 and subsequently repaid in November 2022. $31.4 million of principal repayments were made against the Term Loan over the course of the year. Unamortised transaction costs of $2.2 million (2021: $3.8 million) plus interest amortised of $2.2 million (2021: $2.0 million) were recognised by the Group at 31 December 2022.Reconciliation of movements of debt to cash flows arising from financing activities (excluding leases) 2022$’000 2021$’000 Bank loans Balance at 1 January 148 099 145 771 Cash movements Loan interest paid (6 921) (7 147) Principal paid (91 429) (20 000) Loan drawn down 20 000 20 000 Non-cash movements Loan interest accrued 8 829 9 475 Balance at 31 December 78 578 148 099IBOR reformA fundamental reform of major interest rate benchmarks is being undertaken globally  including the replacement of some interbank offered rates (IBORs) with alternative nearly risk-free rates (referred to as “IBOR reform”)  including LIBOR (the London Interbank Offered Rate). The Group had  at the reporting date  exposure to US LIBOR on its debt facilities.Pursuant to an Amendment and Restatement Agreement entered into on 9 March 2023 in respect of the Group’s debt facilities  the basis on which interest is calculated in respect of those facilities were amended with effect from 11 March 2023. As a result of the amendment  interest rates for interest periods commencing from 11 March 2023 onwards are no longer determined by reference to US LIBOR; instead they are determined on the basis of the applicable Term SOFR Rate. While US LIBOR represented an inter-bank lending rate  Term SOFR is a published screen rate derived from SOFR  being the secured overnight financing rate (SOFR) administered by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York. As SOFR represents a risk-free rate  a credit adjustment spread is applied in addition  which spread varies according to the length of the relevant interest period.The 6-month SOFR rate set on 11 March 2023 for the next interest period to 11 September 2023 was 5.4%. The credit adjustment spread of 0.4% plus the margin of 5.4% results in an interest rate of 11.2% on the Term Loan. The Group has concluded that the new basis for determining cashflows is economically equivalent to the previous basis.CovenantsThe finance documents contain a number of representations  covenants and events of default on customary terms  the breach of which could lead to the secured parties under the finance documentation accelerating the outstanding loans and taking other enforcement steps  such as the enforcement of some or all of the security interests  which could lead to  in extremis  the Group losing its interest in the Mine. The most salient of the relevant terms that could lead to acceleration of the loans and/or enforcement of security are the financial covenants.All covenants have been complied with during the year. The key financial covenants are detailed below:As at31 December2022 As at31 December2021 Covenant Interest Coverage Ratio 34.96:1 21.8:1 Not less than 4.00:1 Net Debt to EBITDA (0.09):1 0.38:1 Not greater than 2.00:1 Debt Service Coverage Ratio 3.11:1 22.3:1 Not less than 1.20:1 Liquidity $148 271 000 $69 057 000 Not less than $15 000 000 Reserve Tail Ratio 81% 78% Not less than 30%The definition of the covenants under the debt facilities are set out below:• Interest Coverage Ratio is defined as the ratio of EBITDA to Net Interest Cost.• Net Debt is defined as total financial indebtedness excluding leases less consolidated cash and cash equivalents.• The Debt Service Coverage Ratio is the ratio of cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of a reporting period plus available facilities plus cash generated in the period to debt repayments in the period.• Liquidity is defined as consolidated cash and cash equivalents plus undrawn amounts of the Revolving Credit Facility.• Reserve Tail Ratio means the reserve tail ratio  expressed as a percentage of the termination date reserves (estimated remaining reserves in March 2025) divided by the initial reserves (estimated reserves in December 2019).15. Provisions2022$’000 2021$’000 Mine closure provision 16 623 35 959 Mine rehabilitation provision 4 121 3 998 Other provisions – 2 264 20 744 42 221 Current 998 3 222 Non-current 19 746 38 999 20 744 42 221MineClosureProvision$’000 MineRehabilitationProvision$’000OtherProvisions Total$’000 At 1 January 2021 37 451 3 893 – 41 344 (Decrease)/increase in provision during the financial year (2 239) 470 2 264 495 Provision utilised during the financial year – (365) – (365) Unwinding of the discount 747 – – 747 At 1 January 2022 35 959 3 998 2 264 42 221 (Decrease)/Increase in provision during the financial year (20 080) 4 131 948 (15 001) Provision utilised during the financial year – (4 008) (3 212) (7 220) Unwinding of the discount 744 – – 744 At 31 December 2022 16 623 4 121 – 20 744The Mine closure provision represents the Directors’ best estimate of the Project Companies’ liability for close-down  dismantling and restoration of the mining and processing site. A corresponding amount equal to the provision is recognised as part of property  plant and equipment. The costs are estimated on the basis of a formal closure plan  are subject to regular review and are estimated based on the net present value of estimated future costs. Mine closure costs are a normal consequence of mining  and the majority of close-down and restoration expenditure is incurred at the end of the life of the Mine. The unwinding of the discount is recognised as a finance cost and $0.7 million (2021: $0.7 million) has been recognised in the statement of comprehensive income for the financial year.The main assumptions used in the calculation of the estimated future costs include:• a discount rate of 4.0% (2021: 2.1%);• an inflation rate of 2% (2021: 2%);• an estimated life of mine of 40 years (2021: 40 years). It is assumed that all licences and permits required to operate will be renewed or extended during the life of mine; and• an estimated closure cost of $34.1 million (2021: $34.1 million) and an estimated post-closure monitoring provision of $3.9 million (2021: $3.9 million).The life of mine plan is based on the Namalope  Nataka  Pilivili and Mualadi reserves and resources as set out in the reserve and resources table. Specific resource material is included only where there is a high degree of confidence in its economic extraction. The Mine closure provision has decreased by $20.1 million as a result of a change in the discount rate from 2.1% to 4.0%.The discount rate is a significant factor in determining the Mine closure provision. The discount rate increased to 4.0% (2021: 2.1%) as a result of movements in the US Treasury rates. Thirty-year US Treasury yields are the longest period for which yields are quoted. A 40-year rate to align with the estimated life of mine has been calculated by taking the average of the increase in yield from 10 to 20 years and the increase in yield from 20 to 30 years and adding this average to the 30-year Treasury rate to arrive at an estimated extrapolated rate for 40 years. This discount rate is deemed to provide the best estimate of the current market assessment of the risk-free time value of money. Risks specific to the liability are included in the cost estimate. A reasonable possible increase of 1% in the estimated discount rate results in the Mine closure provision decreasing to $11.2 million. A 1% decrease in the estimated discount rate results in the Mine closure provision increasing to $24.7 million.The Mine rehabilitation provision represents the Directors’ best estimate of the Company’s liability for rehabilitating areas disturbed by mining activities. Rehabilitation costs are recognised based on the area disturbed and estimated cost of rehabilitation per hectare  which is reviewed regularly against actual rehabilitation cost per hectare. Actual rehabilitation expenditure is incurred approximately 12 months after the area has been disturbed. During the financial year  there was a release of $4.0 million (2021: $0.4 million) to reflect the actual mine rehabilitation costs incurred  and an addition to the provision of $4.1 million (2021: $0.5 million) for areas newly disturbed.Other provisions comprise an amount of $nil (2021: $2.3 million) in relation to a potential indirect tax liability. The matter was resolved following a final settlement of $3.2 million with the Mozambican Tax Authority during the year.16. Trade and other payables2022$’000 2021$’000 Trade payables 7 305 7 186 Deferred income 2 740 – Accruals 25 248 25 582 35 293 32 768Included in accruals at the financial year end is an amount of $1.6 million (2021: $1.6 million) for payroll and social insurance taxes.Deferred income relates to sales contracts which contain separate performance obligations for the sale of mineral products and the provision of freight services. The portion of the revenue representing the obligation to perform the freight service is deferred and recognised over time as the obligation is fulfilled  along with the associated costs.17. Current tax liabilities2022$’000 2021$’000 Current tax liabilities 8 893 4 808Refer to Note 6 for further information on the Group’s tax expense.18. Financial instruments2022 2021 Carrying amount$’000 Fair value$’000 Carrying amount$’000 Fair value$’000 Financial assets at fair value through profit and loss Trade receivables1 31 188 31 188 Level 2 37 086 37 086 Level 2 Financial assets at fair value through OCI Trade receivables2 43 065 43 065 Level 2 14 539 14 539 Level 2 Financial assets not measuredat fair value Trade receivables3 30 717 30 717 Level 2 14 579 14 579 Level 2 Cash and cash equivalents 108 271 108 271 Level 2 69 057 69 057 Level 2 213 241 213 241 135 261 135 261 Financial liabilities not measuredat fair value Bank loans 78 578 80 795 Level 2 148 099 148 827 Level 2The carrying amounts and fair values of financial assets and financial liabilities including their levels in fair value hierarchy are detailed above. The table does not include fair value information for other receivables  prepayments  trade payables and accruals as these are not measured at fair value as the carrying amount is a reasonable approximation of their fair value.Trade receivables which are factored through the Absa Bank facility or letters of credit which are discounted through the Barclays Bank facility are initially measured at fair value and subsequently measured at fair value through profit or loss (FVTPL). Trade receivables or letters of credit where it is not known at initial recognition if they will be factored are classified as fair value through other comprehensive income (FVOCI). Trade receivables which will not be factored and for which balances will be recovered under the sale contract credit terms are classified and subsequently measured at amortised cost.In the case of factored receivables  the Group derecognises the discounted receivable to which the arrangement applies when payment is received from the bank as the terms of the arrangement are non-recourse. The payment to the bank by the Group’s customers are considered non-cash transactions for the purposes of the consolidated statement of cashflows.The valuation technique used in measuring Level 2 fair values is discounted cash flows  which considers the expected receipts or payments discounted using adjusted market discount rates or where these rates are not available estimated discount rates.The Group has exposure to credit risk  liquidity risk and market risk arising from financial instruments.Risk management frameworkThe Board is ultimately responsible for risk management within the Group. It has delegated responsibility for the monitoring of the effectiveness of the Group’s risk management and internal control systems to the Audit & Risk Committee. The Board and Audit & Risk Committee receive reports from executive management on the key risks to the business and the steps being taken to mitigate such risks. The Audit & Risk Committee is assisted in its role by internal audit. Internal audit undertakes both regular and ad hoc reviews of risk management controls and procedures  the results of which are reported to the Audit & Risk Committee.Credit riskCredit risk is the risk of financial loss to the Group if a customer or a counterparty to a financial instrument fails to meet its contractual obligations and arises principally from the Group’s trade receivables from customers. The carrying amount of financial assets represents the maximum credit exposure.The Group’s exposure to credit risk is influenced by the individual circumstances of each customer. The Group also considers the factors that may influence the credit risk of its customer base  including the default risk associated with the industry and country in which customers operate. The Group reduces its exposure to customers perceived to have a higher credit risk through a letter of credit trade facility. Under this facility  Barclays Bank confirms the letter of credit from the issuing bank and therefore assumes the credit risk.The Group’s customers have been transacting with the Group for a significant number of years  and no customers’ balances have been written off or are credit impaired at the financial year end. In monitoring customer credit risk  customers are regularly reviewed individually and the Group has not identified any factors that would merit reducing exposure to any particular customer. The Group does not require collateral in respect of trade receivables.The gross exposure to credit risk for trade receivables by geographic region was as follows:2022$’000 2021$’000 China 19 009 37 120 Asia (excluding China) 17 243 5 127 Europe 45 806 15 410 USA 22 776 8 547 Africa 136 – Total 104 970 66 204At 31 December 2022  $35.4 million (2021: $41.3 million) is due from the Group’s three largest customers.A summary of the Group’s exposure to credit risk for trade receivables is as follows:2022$’000 2021$’000 External credit ratings at least Baa3 (Moody’s) 31 188 37 535 External credit ratings Ba3 to Ba1 (Moody’s) – 19 051 Other 75 316 10 042 Total gross carrying amount 106 504 66 628 Loss allowance (1 534) (424) Total 104 970 66 204The following table provides ageing information relevant to the exposure to credit risk for trade receivables from individual customers. No balances were considered credit impaired at 31 December 2022 or 31 December 2021.Current$’000 More than30 dayspast due$’000 More than60 dayspast due$’000 More than90 dayspast due$’000 Total$’000 2022 104 962 – – 8 104 970 2021 66 133 – – 71 66 204Expected credit loss assessment of trade receivablesFor trade receivables measured at fair value through OCI and trade receivables measured at amortised cost  the Group allocates to each customer a credit risk grade based on data that is determined to be predictive of the risk of loss (including but not limited to external ratings  financial statements and available market information about customers) and applying experienced credit judgement.The following table provides information about the exposure to credit risk and expected credit losses as at 31 December 2022.Equivalent to Moody’s credit rating Weight average loss rate Gross carrying amount$’000 Impairment loss allowance$’000 Credit impaired Other 2.0% 75 316 1 534 NoThe following table provides information about the exposure to credit risk and expected credit losses as at 31 December 2021.Equivalent to Moody’s credit rating Weight average loss rate Gross carrying amount$’000 Impairment loss allowance$’000 Credit impaired Baa3 to AAA 0.30% 25 – No Ba3 to Ba1 1.30% 19 051 248 No Other 1.75% 10 042 176 No 29 118 424The movement in expected credit losses in respect of trade receivables were measured at amortised cost or fair value through other comprehensive income during the year was as follows:2022$’000 2021$’000 Balance at 1 January 424 199 Net remeasurement of loss allowance 1 110 225 Balance at 31 December 1 534 424The credit risk on cash and cash equivalents is limited because funds are deposited with banks with high credit ratings assigned by international credit rating agencies. For deposits in excess of $75 million the Group requires that the institution has an A– (S&P)/A3 (Moody’s) long-term rating. For deposits in excess of $50 million  the Group requires that the institution has a BB– (S&P)/Ba3 (Moody’s) long-term rating.At 31 December 2022 and 2021 cash was deposited with the following banks:2022 2021 Long-term credit rating Long-term credit rating $ million S&P Moody’s $ million S&P Moody’s Barclays Bank plc 81.4 A Positive A–1 Stable 60.8 A Positive A–1 Stable FirstRand Bank Limited – BBB – Positive Ba2 Stable 5.1 BBB– Stable Ba2 Negative HSBC Bank plc 1.0 AA – Stable A1 – Stable 0.8 A+ Stable A1 Stable Absa Bank Limited 20.5 BB – Stable Ba2 Negative 2.0 BBB– Stable Ba2 NegativeLiquidity riskLiquidity risk is the risk that the Group will encounter difficulty in meeting the obligations associated with its financial liabilities that are settled in cash payments. The Group’s objective when managing liquidity is to ensure that it will have sufficient liquidity to meet its liabilities when they are due.The Group monitors mine payment forecasts  both operating and capital  which assist it in monitoring cash flow requirements and optimising its cash return on investments. The Group aims to maintain the level of its cash and cash equivalents at an amount in excess of expected cash outflows on financial liabilities. The Group monitors the level of expected cash inflows on trade receivables together with expected cash outflows on trade and other payables.The Group has a trade finance facility with Absa Bank for three of the Group’s largest customers. In accordance with this facility  the bank purchases certain customer receivables without recourse. The facility is for a maximum amount of $30 million with limits on the maximum amount that can be factored for each of the customers named in the facility. During the period  no trade receivables were factored under this agreement. At the year end  trade receivables amounting to $43.1 million (2021: $14.5 million) may be factored under this facility and are therefore included in trade receivables measured at fair value through OCI as at 31 December 2022. The cost of this facility for the period  which amounted to $0.2 million (2021: $0.2 million)  is included in finance costs in the statement of comprehensive income and in net cash from operating activities in the statement of consolidated cash flows.The Group has a trade facility with Barclays Bank for customers which it sells to under letter of credit terms. Under this facility  Barclays Bank confirms the letter of credit from the issuing bank and therefore assumes the credit risk. Barclays Bank can also discount these letters of credit thereby providing early payment of receivables to the Group. There is no limit under the Barclays Bank facility. During the period  trade receivables of $201.4 million (2021: $224.4 million) were discounted under this facility. At the year end  there were $31.2 million (2021: $37.1 million) of trade receivables which will be discounted under this facility. The cost of this facility for the period  which amounted to $2.0 million (2021: $1.2 million)  is included in finance costs in the statement of comprehensive income and in net cash from operating activities in the statement of consolidated cash flows.The table below summarises the maturity profile of the Group’s financial liabilities at 31 December 2022 based on the gross contractual undiscounted payments:Financial liabilities Total$’000 Less thanone year$’000 Betweentwo and five years$’000 More thanfive years$’000 Bank loans 89 536 38 005 51 531 – Lease liabilities 2 409 390 1 447 572 Trade and other payables 32 553 32 553 – – 124 498 70 948 52 978 572The table below summarises the maturity profile of the Group’s financial liabilities at 31 December 2021 based on the gross contractual undiscounted payments:Financial liabilities Total$’000 Less thanone year$’000 Betweentwo and five years$’000 More thanfive years$’000 Bank loans 151 914 73 342 78 572 – Lease liabilities 2 684 1 207 1 317 160 Trade and other payables 32 768 32 768 – – 187 366 107 317 79 889 160As disclosed in Note 14  the Group has bank loans that contain loan covenants. A future breach of covenant may require the Group to repay the loan earlier than indicated in the above table. Under the loan agreement  the covenants are monitored on a regular basis by Group finance and regularly reported to management and the lenders to ensure compliance with the agreement.Furthermore  the group has authorised and committed expenditure on operations-related capital projects amounting to $11.5 million (2021: $18.9 million).Risk concentrationConcentrations arise when a number of counterparties are engaged in similar business activities  or activities in the same geographical region  or have economic features that would cause their ability to meet contractual obligations to be similarly affected by changes in economic  political or other conditions. Concentrations indicate the relative sensitivity of the Group’s performance to developments affecting a particular industry.The Group evaluates the concentration of risk with respect to trade receivables as low  as its customers are located in several jurisdictions and industries and operate in largely independent markets. Details of concentration of revenue are included in Note 2.Market riskMarket risk is risk that changes in market prices  foreign exchange rates and interest rates will affect the Group’s income statement. The objective of market risk management is to manage and control market risk exposures while optimising returns.Currency riskThe Group is exposed to transactional foreign currency risk to the extent that there is a mismatch between the currencies in which sales  purchases  receivables and borrowings are denominated and the respective functional currencies of Group companies. The functional currency of all Group entities is US Dollars. The presentational currency of the Group is US Dollars. Sales and bank loans are denominated in US Dollars  which significantly reduces the exposure of the Group to foreign currency risk. Payable transactions are denominated in Mozambican Metical  South African Rand  Euro  Sterling  Australian Dollar and Renminbi.Exposure to currency riskThe Group’s gross exposure to currency risk as at 31 December 2022 is as follows.Mozambican Metical$’000 South African Rand$’000 Euro$’000 Sterling$’000 Australian Dollar$’000 Renminbi$’000 Trade and other receivables 12 172 756 489 72 88 – Cash and cash equivalents 1 397 12 894 892 1 129 17 34 Bank loans – – – – – – Leases – – (1 255) – – – Trade and other payables (20 367) (2 178) (502) (10) – – Net exposure (6 798) 11 472 (376) 1 191 105 34The Group’s exposure to currency risk as at 31 December 2021 is as follows.Mozambican Metical$’000 South African Rand$’000 Euro$’000 Sterling$’000 Australian Dollar$’000 Renminbi$’000 Trade and other receivables 2 717 1 275 928 55 364 – Cash and cash equivalents 1 030 2 337 479 338 6 36 Bank loans – – – – – – Leases – – (1 528) – – – Trade and other payables (14 082) (1 905) (2 395) (35) (68) – Net exposure (10 335) 1 707 (2 516) 358 302 36Sensitivity analysisA reasonably possible strengthening or weakening of the Mozambique Metical  South African Rand  Euro  Sterling  Australian Dollar and Renminbi by 10% against the US Dollar would have affected profit or loss by the amounts shown below. The analysis assumes that all other variables remain constant.Profit or loss Mozambican Metical$’000 South African Rand$’000 Euro$’000 Sterling$’000 AustralianDollar$’000 Renminbi$’000 31 December 2022 Strengthening (680) 1 147 (38) 119 11 3 Weakening 680 (1 147) 38 (119) (11) (3) 31 December 2021 Strengthening (1 030) 170 (250) 40 30 4 Weakening 1 030 (170) 250 (40) (30) (4)Interest rate riskThe loan facilities are arranged at variable rates and expose the Group to cash flow interest rate risk. Variable rates are based on six-month LIBOR. The borrowing rate at financial year end was 9.2% (2021: 5.8%). The interest rate profile of the Group’s loan balances at the financial year end was as follows:2022$’000 2021$’000 Variable rate debt 80 795 151 914Under the assumption that all other variables remain constant  a reasonable possible change of 1% in the six-month LIBOR rate results in a $0.8 million (2021: $1.5 million) change in finance costs for the financial year.The above sensitivity analyses are estimates of the impact of market risks assuming the specified change occurs. Actual results in the future may differ materially from these results due to developments in the global financial markets  which may cause fluctuations in interest rates to vary from the assumptions made above and therefore should not be considered a projection of likely future events.As disclosed in Note 14  pursuant to an Amendment and Restatement Agreement entered into on 9 March 2023 in respect of the Group’s debt facilities  the basis on which interest is calculated in respect of those facilities were amended with effect from 11 March 2023. As a result of the amendment  interest rates for interest periods commencing from 11 March 2023 onwards are no longer determined by reference to US LIBOR; instead they are determined on the basis of the applicable Term SOFR Rate. The Group has concluded that the transition to the applicable SOFR rate will not result in a substantial change to finance costs during 2023.Note 19. Events after the statement of financial position dateOn 21 March  the Board proposed a dividend of USc43.33 per share. This proposed dividend is subject to approval by the shareholders at the Annual General Meeting. These financial statements do not reflect this dividend.In February 2023  power lines nearby the mine were subject to a direct lightning strike of unusually high intensity resulting in severe disruption to mining operations. The Group is working to establish and mitigate the capital and operating cost impacts of the disruptions and a reliable estimate cannot be made at this time. Insurance cover is in place and Kenmare is liaising with its insurers to process claims in relation to the lightning strike.GLOSSARY - ALTERNATIVE PERFORMANCE MEASURESCertain financial measures set out in the Preliminary Results to 31 December 2022 are not defined under International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS)  but represent additional measures used by the Board to assess performance and for reporting both internally and to shareholders and other external users. Presentation of these Alternative Performance Measures (APMs) provides useful supplemental information which  when viewed in conjunction with the Group’s IFRS financial information  allows for a more meaningful understanding of the underlying financial and operating performance of the Group.These non-IFRS measures should not be considered as an alternative to financial measures as defined under IFRSs. Descriptions of the APMs included in this report  as well as their relevance for the Group  are disclosed below.APM Description Relevance EBITDA Operating profit/loss before depreciation and amortisation Eliminates the effects of financing  tax and depreciation to allow assessment of the earnings and performance of the Group EBITDA margin Percentage of EBITDA to Revenue (FOB) Provides a group margin for the earnings and performance of the Group Capital costs Additions to property  plant and equipment in the period Provides the amount spent by the Company on additions to property  plant and equipment in the period Cash operating cost per tonne of finished product produced Cost of sales and administration costs less freight  foreign exchange  depreciation and amortisation  expected credit losses  share based payment expense  mineral inventory movements and the indirect tax provision  divided by final product production (tonnes) Eliminates the non-cash impact on costs to identify the actual cash outlay for production and  as production levels increase or decrease  highlights operational performance by providing a comparable cash cost per tonne of product produced over time Cash operating cost per tonne of ilmenite net of co-products Cash operating costs less revenue of zircon  rutile and mineral sands concentrates  divided by ilmenite production (tonnes) Eliminates the non-cash impact on costs to identify the actual cash outlay for production and  as production levels increase or decrease  highlights operational performance by providing a comparable cash cost per tonne of ilmenite produced over time Net cash/debt Bank loans before transaction costs  loan amendment fees and expenses net of cash and cash equivalents Measures the amount the Group would have to raise through refinancing  asset sale or equity issue if its debt were to fall due immediately  and aids in developing an understanding of the leveraging of the Group ROCE Return on capital employed ROCE measures how efficiently we generate profits from investment in our portfolio of assets Shareholder returns Dividends and share buybacks Shareholder returns comprise the interim dividend  the proposed final dividend to be approved by shareholders at the AGM and any share buybacksEBITDA2018 Restated$m 2019 Restated$m 2020 Restated$m 2021 Restated$m 2022$m Operating profit 62.9 57.3 33.4 151.1 233.4 Depreciation 30.4 33.4 42.3 63.1 64.6 EBITDA 93.3 90.7 75.7 214.2 298.0EBITDA margin2018 Restated$m 2019 Restated$m 2020 Restated$m 2021 Restated$m 2022$’m EBITDA 93.3 90.7 75.7 214.2 298.0 Revenue derived from the sale of mineral product 245.9 255.5 231.5 420.5 498.4 EBITDA margin (%) 38% 35% 33% 51% 60%Cash operating cost per tonne of finished product2018 Restated$m 2019 Restated$m 2020 Restated$m 2021 Restated$m 2022$m Cost of sales 184.6 195.7 192.3 295.0 282.7 Freight (16.3) (15.4) (12.2) (35.4) (27.6) Foreign exchange included in cost of sales – (1.9) (1.0) (1.9) (1.1) Cost of sales excluding freight and foreign exchange 168.3 178.4 179.1 257.7 254.0 Administrative expenses 14.7 17.9 18.1 9.8 9.9 Total operating costs less freight and foreign exchange 183.0 196.3 197.2 267.5 263.9 Non-cash costs Depreciation and amortisation (30.4) (33.4) (42.3) (63.1) (64.6) Expected credit losses – – – (0.2) (1.1) Share-based payments (1.4) (1.8) (0.5) (1.1) (2.2) Mineral product inventory movements 0.1 (4.5) 4.9 (9.3) 21.6 Indirect tax provision 0.0 0.0 0.0 (2.0) (0.9) Total cash operating costs 151.3 156.6 159.3 191.8 216.7 Final product production tonnes 1 043 300 988 300 840 500 1 228 500 1 200 800 Cash operating cost per tonne of finished product $145 $158 $190 $156 $180Cash operating cost per tonne of ilmenite2018 Restated$m 2019 Restated$m 2020 Restated$m 2021 Restated$m 2022$’m Total cash operating costs 151.3 156.6 159.3 191.8 216.7 Less revenue from co-products zircon rutile and mineral sands concentrate (75.1) (84.5) (63.2) (85.8) (150.9) Total cash costs less co-product revenue 76.2 72.1 96.1 106 65.8 Ilmenite product production tonnes 958 500 892 900 756 000 1 119 400 1 088 300 Cash operating cost per tonne of ilmenite $79 $81 $127 $95 $60Net cash/debt2018$’m 2019$’m 2020$’m 2021$’m 2022$’m Bank debt (83.5) (60.9) (145.8) (148.1) (78.6) Transaction costs – (6.6) (5.4) (3.8) (2.2) Gross debt (83.5) (67.5) (151.2) (151.9) (80.8) Cash and cash equivalents 97.0 81.2 87.2 69.1 108.3 Net cash/(debt) 13.5 13.7 (64.0) (82.8) 27.5Return on Capital Employed2018 Restated$m 2019 Restated$m 2020 Restated$m 2021 Restated$m 2022$’m Operating profit 62.9 57.3 33.4 151.1 233.4 Total Equity and Non-Current Liabilities 932.7 984.0 1 087.5 1 045.4 1 171.0 ROCE 7% 6% 3% 15% 20%GLOSSARY - TERMSTerm Description AGM Annual general meeting CIF The seller delivers when the goods pass the ship’s rail in the port of shipment. Seller must pay the cost and freight necessary to bring goods to named port of destination. Risk of loss and damage are the same as CFR. Seller also has to procure marine insurance against buyer’s risk of loss/damage during the carriage. Seller must clear the goods for export. This term can only be used for sea transport. CFR This term means the seller delivers when the goods pass the ship’s rail in port of shipment. Seller must pay the costs and freight necessary to bring the goods to the named port of destination  but the risks of loss or damage  as well as any additional costs due to events occurring after the time of delivery  are transferred from seller to buyer. Seller must clear goods for export. This term can only be used for sea transport. The Company or Parent Company Kenmare Resources plc. DFS Definitive feasibility studies are the most detailed and will determine definitively whether to proceed with the project. A definitive feasibility study will be the basis for capital appropriation  and will provide the budget figures for the project. Detailed feasibility studies require a significant amount of formal engineering work and are accurate to within approximately 10-15%. EdM Electricidade de Moçambique. FOB Free on Board means that the seller delivers when the goods pass the ship’s rail at the named port of shipment. This means the buyer has to bear all costs and risks to the goods from that point. The seller must clear the goods for export. This term can only be used for sea transport. Gender diversity Percentage of females in the workforce at the Moma Mine. We recognise the benefits to our business of supporting diversity  equity  and inclusion for long-term sustainable success. Increased gender diversity has been an important metric at the Mine. GHG emissions Scope 1 & 2 Greenhouse Gas emissions. We acknowledge the human contribution to climate change and aim to reduce emissions from our already low carbon intensity operations. Group or Kenmare Kenmare Resources plc and its subsidiary undertakings. HMC Heavy mineral concentrate extracted from mineral sands deposits and which include ilmenite  zircon  rutile and other heavy minerals and silica. KMML Mozambique Branch Mozambique branch of Kenmare Moma Mining (Mauritius) Limited (KMML). KMPL Mozambique Branch Mozambique branch of Kenmare Moma Processing (Mauritius) Limited (KMPL). KRSP Kenmare Resources plc Restricted Share Plan Lenders Absa Bank Limited (acting through its Corporate and Investment Banking Division) (“Absa”)  The Emerging Africa Infrastructure Fund (part of the Private Infrastructure Development Group (“PIDG”)) (“EAIF”)  Nedbank Limited (acting through its Nedbank Corporate and Investment Banking division) (“Nedbank”)  Rand Merchant Bank and Standard Bank Group (“Standard Bank”). LTI Lost time injury. Measures the number of injuries at the mine that result in time lost from work. LTIFR Lost time injury frequency rate. Measures the number of injuries causing lost time per 200 000 man hours worked on site Marketing - finished products shipped Finished products shipped to customers during the period. Provides a measure of finished products shipped to customers Mining - HMC produced Heavy mineral concentrate extracted from mineral sands deposits and which includes ilmenite  zircon  rutile  concentrates and other heavy minerals and silica. Provides a measure of heavy mineral concentrate extracted from the Mine Moma  Moma Mine or the Mine The Moma Titanium Minerals Mine consisting of a heavy mineral sands mine  processing facilities and associated infrastructure  which is located in the north east coast of Mozambique under licence to the Project Companies. Mine Closure Guarantee Facility $40 million debt facility dated 11 December 2019 between the Lenders and KMML Mozambique Branch and KMPL Mozambique Branch. MSP Mineral Separation Plant. Mtpa Million tonnes per annum. NOSA National Occupational Safety Association OIA Oman Investment Authority formerly the State General Reserve Fund of the Sultanate of Oman. Odd lot offer The offer made by the Company to members in the UK and Ireland who held certificated holdings of less than 200 ordinary shares as described in the circular to shareholders dated 21 April 2022. Ordinary Shares Ordinary shares of €0.001 each in the capital of the Company. PFS A feasibility study is an evaluation of a proposed mining project to determine whether the mineral resource can be mined economically. Pre-feasibility study is used to determine whether to proceed with a detailed feasibility study and to determine areas within the project that require more attention. Pre-feasibility studies are done by factoring known unit costs and by estimating gross dimensions or quantities once conceptual or preliminary engineering and mine design has been completed. PM Atmospheric particulate matter - also known as particulate matter (PM) or particulates - are microscopic solid or liquid matter suspended in the Earth’s atmosphere. Processing - finished products produced Finished products produced by the mineral separation process. Provides a measure of finished products produced from the processing plants Project Companies Kenmare Moma Mining (Mauritius) Limited and Kenmare Moma Processing (Mauritius) Limited  wholly owned subsidiary undertakings of Kenmare Resources plc  which are incorporated in Mauritius. Revolving Credit Facility $40 million debt facility dated 11 December 2019 between the Lenders and KMML Mozambique Branch and KMPL Mozambique Branch. RUPS Rotary uninterruptible power supply TCFD Task Force on Climate Related Financial Disclosures Tender Offer The invitation by the Company to eligible shareholders to tender Ordinary Shares for purchase on-market by Peel Hunt LLP on the terms and subject to the conditions set out in the circular dated 16 November 2021. Term Loan Facility $110 million debt facility dated 11 December 2019 between the Lenders and KMML Mozambique Branch and KMPL Mozambique Branch. THM Total heavy minerals in the ore of which ilmenite (typically 82%)  rutile (typically 2.0%) and zircon (typically 5.5%) total approximately 90%. UK United Kingdom WCP Wet Concentrator Plant. WCP A The original WCP which started production in 2007. WCP B The",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.0,1.0,True,English,"['2022 Preliminary Results', 'higher total cash operating costs', 'higher excavated ore volumes', 'Irish Dividend Withholding Tax', 'Moma Titanium Minerals Mine', 'higher co-product revenues', 'global titanium feedstocks', '2023 ilmenite production guidance range', 'higher product prices', 'Mineral product revenues', 'severe lightning strike', 'strong customer demand', 'stronger product pricing', 'Heavy Mineral Concentrate', 'Paul O’Kane', 'London Stock Exchange', 'steady production volumes', 'leading global producers', 'net cash position', 'Currency election date', 'record product prices', 'mineral sands products', 'finished product production', 'Kenmare Resources plc', 'Private investor webinar', 'higher prices', 'labour costs', 'cash equivalents', 'private investors', 'largest producers', 'Record date', 'Investor Relations', 'finished products', 'Ex-dividend date', 'AGM date', 'Payment date', '2022 PRELIMINARY RESULTS', 'Michael Carvill', 'Managing Director', 'financial performance', 'financial results', 'extended period', 'lower levels', '$110.3 million improvement', '2022 overview Financial', 'interim dividend', 'final dividend', 'average price', 'electricity consumption', 'diluted earnings', 'transshipment vessel', 'Bronagh J', 'Dividend timetable', 'institutional investors', 'Participant dial', 'pin code', 'separate webinar', 'Jeremy Dibb', 'Michael Starke', 'PR advisor', 'Euronext Dublin', 'investor briefing', 'record year', 'conference call', 'twelve months', 'four months', '09:00 UK time', '12:30 UK time', 'northern Mozambique', 'shareholder approval', 'exemption form', 'Murray Group', 'record tonnes', 'bottom end', '60% EBITDA margin', 'The Company', '2022 dividend', '12 months', '1,586,200 tonnes', '1,555,900 tonnes', '1,088,300 tonnes', '1,119,400 tonnes', '1,075,600 tonnes', '1,150,000 tonnes', 'March', 'ISE', 'KMR', 'zircon', '31 December', 'Statement', 'February', 'rutile', 'market', 'highs', 'Q3', 'Board', 'USc54', 'USc32', 'October', '18% increase', '42% increase', '13% increase', 'fuel', '16% increase', 'consequence', '2% decrease', '36% decrease', '39% increase', '60% increase', 'profit', '83% increase', 'Story', 'Operational', 'HMC', 'Shipments', '16% decrease', 'maintenance', 'dates', 'April', '12:00 noon', 'IST', 'dividends', 'Analyst', 'lenders', 'media', 'numbers', 'Ireland', 'webcast', 'playback', 'Tuesday', 'advance', 'information', 'Tel', 'Mob', 'pokane', 'murraygroup', 'world', 'customers', '2021', '1,050,000']",2023-03-22,2023-03-23,finance.yahoo.com
21160,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/03/22/2632568/0/en/Guerbet-2022-annual-results.html,Guerbet: 2022 annual results,2022 annual results      Activity      Annual revenue: €753.3 million  up 2.9% (-1.1% at CER1)Steady momentum in Asia and for Interventional...,English French2022 annual resultsActivityAnnual revenue: €753.3 million  up 2.9% (-1.1% at CER 1 )) Steady momentum in Asia and for Interventional Imaging; negative impact of production delays at the Raleigh siteProfitability in line with expectationsThe restated EBITDA margin 2 is 13.8%  at the top of the range of 13% to 14% announced last October2023 outlookRevenue: expected growth above 5% on a like-for-like basis and at CER 1 Restated EBITDA margin 3 expected around 11% before returning in 2024 to a level higher than in 2021 (14.4%)Villepinte  March 22  2023: Guerbet (FR0000032526 GBT)  a global specialist in contrast agents and solutions for medical imaging  has published its consolidated financial statements for the 2022 fiscal year. Revenue for the year was €753.3 million  up 2.9% from 2021  including a favorable forex effect of €29.3 million  almost half of which (€14.2 million) was due to the appreciation of the dollar. At constant exchange rates (CER1)  the Group’s activity was down 1.1% over the past year.This change in revenue was the result of:The one-off decrease in production rates at the Raleigh (North Carolina  USA) plants due to recruitment difficulties in the first half of the year and the time necessary to train new hires Adaptation of the production lines to prioritize manufacturing of EluciremTM  which received its market authorization from the FDA on September 21  authorization obtained via the “fast track” process. This strategic decision mainly affected the production of Optiray® and pre-filled syringes references and related sales in many markets worldwide.1 Constant exchange rates (CER): the exchange rate impact was eliminated by recalculating sales for the period on the basis of the exchange rates used for the previous fiscal year.2 Excluding extraordinary costs relating to optimization of the operational structure and changes in the sales model in China and excluding compensation received in connection with the termination of the contract with Merative.3 Excluding extraordinary costs relating to optimization of the operational structure and changes in the sales model.In the Americas in particular  the decrease in annual revenue (-7.5% at CER) was entirely due to the contraction in volumes attributable to production delays in Raleigh.In the EMEA region  activity was down -1.9% at CER last year in connection with the regulatory price reductions in France and the shutdown of the commercial activity in Turkey in November 2022.In Asia  the very strong growth (+8.5% at CER) was driven by the acceleration of sales in China (+45.6%)  a market that fully benefited from the direct distribution model rolled out starting in the second quarter.By activity  the change in annual revenue in Diagnostic Imaging (-2.2% at CER) resulted from:For MRI   an increase in sales (+1.7% at CER) due to higher volumes and against a backdrop of negligible price erosion  despite the arrival of generic Dotarem® in the United States.  an increase in sales (+1.7% at CER) due to higher volumes and against a backdrop of negligible price erosion  despite the arrival of generic Dotarem® in the United States. For X-ray  an annual decline (-4.4% at CER) due to lower volumes of Optiray®  while sales of Xenetix® remained strong throughout the year.In Interventional Imaging  the momentum also remained very positive in 2022 (+8.1% at CER) thanks to Lipiodol® sales  which accelerated steadily from the second quarter.In millions of eurosConsolidated financial statements (IFRS) 2021Reported 2022Reported Revenue 732.1 753.3 EBITDA * 105.1 103.1 % of revenue 14.4% 13.7% Operating income 38.7 (18.2) % of revenue 5.3% NS Net income 32.6 (41.1) % of revenue 4.5% NS Net debt 217.8 270.4* EBITDA = Operating income + net amortization  depreciation and provisions.Note: The audit procedures on the consolidated financial statements have been completed. The certification report is being issued.Good EBITDA margin performance in the face of inflationIn 2022  Guerbet managed to preserve its operational profitability by demonstrating great financial discipline to compensate for the impact of high inflation on certain costs. These efforts to control costs  reflected in particular in a contained rise in staff costs (+3.4%) despite wage tensions in the United States  limited the decline in the EBITDA margin. Its reported rate was 13.7% of revenue in 2022  compared with 14.4% in the previous year. In line with the 13% to 14% range announced last October  the restated EBITDA margin rate was 13.8%. This aggregation excludes extraordinary costs relating to the optimization of the operational structure and changes in the sales model in China as well as compensation (€4 million) received in connection with the termination of the contract with Merative (formerly IBM Watson) last November.Significant asset impairments in connection with new strategic prioritiesAs of December 31  2022  the Group’s operating result was negative at -€18.2 million  a change entirely due to items with no impact on cash flow. As announced in February  and in connection with the new strategic priorities unveiled at the beginning of the year for Interventional Imaging and Artificial Intelligence  Guerbet recognized significant asset impairments in 2022 relating to Accurate Medical Therapeutics  Occlugel and to software developed with IBM Watson. Impairments on these three assets totaled €58.8 million.The Group’s net income amounted to -€41.1 million for the year after accounting for financial expenses and stable forex losses. The tax expense was €12.7 million after the Group accounted for €4.5 million in items indicated in a notice from the tax authorities. After examining the tax risks of all its subsidiaries  the Group recorded an additional tax expense of €4.4 million under IFRIC 23.Solid financial structure despite increased inventories; dividend of €0.50 per shareAs of December 31  2022  equity totaled €380 million  compared with €405 million one year earlier. At the same time  net debt increased from €218 million to €270 million  mainly because of the increase in WCR  fueled by higher inventories. This increase resulted from inflationary pressures as well as the establishment of both precautionary stocks on critical materials and stocks of EluciremTM.For the 2022 fiscal year  the Board of Directors will propose a dividend of €0.50 per share to the shareholders at the General Meeting on May 26  2023.2023: acceleration of activity but operational profitability impacted by inflationSince the beginning of the year  Guerbet has been confident in its ability to grow its revenue in an improving contrast media market  with structural growth in volumes accompanied by positive price effects for the first time in many years. The Group is able to address this promising market with an innovative range of solutions meeting the needs of healthcare professionals as closely as possible. As announced in January  Guerbet intends to mobilize its teams around three main priorities in 2023:Stronger positions in Diagnostic Imaging   where the year will be marked by the commercial launch of Elucirem TM   a new product bringing a major innovation to complement the MRI offering. The ramp-up is expected by 2024  with a launch already effective in the United States  while in Europe the marketing authorization is expected in the second half of the year.  where the year will be marked by the commercial launch of Elucirem   a new product bringing a major innovation to complement the MRI offering. The ramp-up is expected by 2024  with a launch already effective in the United States  while in Europe the marketing authorization is expected in the second half of the year. Refocusing of the Interventional Imaging activity on Lipiodol ®   with an emphasis on the commercial development of current innovative indications and an acceleration of R&D efforts to develop new applications and indications for this product.  with an emphasis on the commercial development of current innovative indications and an acceleration of R&D efforts to develop new applications and indications for this product. Acceleration of the Artificial Intelligence roadmap  where the Group  after having regained full strategic latitude following the termination of its collaboration with Merative (formerly IBM Watson)  confirmed its ambitions by acquiring a stake in Intrasense. Licensing agreements are expected to materialize in the first half of the year with the company  whose medical imaging software is highly complementary to Guerbet’s asset portfolio.Although Guerbet has identified numerous business opportunities in growing markets  it continues to face a demanding environment marked by persistent pressure on supply costs  specifically in Iodine. Certain inflationary effects  with little impact in 2022  will have a significant negative effect on the Group’s margins in 2023.In this context  Guerbet confirms that it anticipates revenue growth of more than 5% on a like-for-like basis and at CER for 2023. The Group expects stronger growth in the second half of the year than in the first  especially with the industrial activity being brought back up to the required level standard in Raleigh and the gradual ramp-up of EluciremTM. In terms of profitability  the restated EBITDA/revenue margin rate3 is expected to be around 11% before returning in 2024 to a level higher than in 2021 (14.4%).3 Excluding extraordinary costs relating to optimization of the operational structure and changes in the sales model.About GuerbetAt Guerbet  we build lasting relationships so that we enable people to live better. That is our purpose. We are a leader in medical imaging worldwide  offering a comprehensive range of pharmaceutical products  medical devices  and digital and AI solutions for diagnostic and interventional imaging. A pioneer in contrast media for 95 years  with more than 2 600 employees worldwide  we continuously innovate and devote 10% of our sales to research and development in four centers in France  Israel  and the United States. Guerbet (GBT) is listed on Euronext Paris (segment B – mid caps) and generated €753 million in revenue in 2022.Forward-looking statementsThis press release may contain forward-looking statements based on assumptions and forecasts by the Guerbet Group’s management. Various known and unknown risks  uncertainties  and other factors could lead to marked differences between the Group’s future results  financial situation  development  and performances and the estimates presented in these forward-looking statements. These factors include those mentioned in Guerbet’s public documents  available on its website www.guerbet.com. The Group assumes no obligation to update or revise the forward-looking statements in this press release to reflect future events or developments.ContactsGuerbet ActifinJérôme EstampesChief Financial Officer+33 (0)1 45 91 50 00Claire LauvernierCommunications Director+33 (0)6 79 52 11 88Financial CommunicationsMarianne Py+33 (0)1 80 48 25 31mpy@actifin.frPressMathias Jordan+33 (0)1 56 88 11 26mjordan@actifin.frAttachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.27,0.17,0.56,True,English,"['2022 annual results', 'Guerbet', 'euros Consolidated financial statements', 'Good EBITDA margin performance', 'great financial discipline', 'favorable forex effect', 'fast track” process', 'regulatory price reductions', 'negligible price erosion', 'Significant asset impairments', 'constant exchange rates', 'direct distribution model', 'new strategic priorities', 'exchange rate impact', 'EBITDA margin rate', '2022 annual results Activity', 'previous fiscal year', 'NS Net income', 'new hires', 'strategic decision', 'Operating income', 'Net debt', 'net amortization', 'production rates', '2022 fiscal year', 'previous year', 'English French', 'Interventional Imaging', 'negative impact', 'global specialist', 'contrast agents', 'medical imaging', 'North Carolina', 'recruitment difficulties', 'syringes references', 'many markets', 'operational structure', 'EMEA region', 'second quarter', 'Diagnostic Imaging', 'generic Dotarem®', 'United States', 'audit procedures', 'certification report', 'wage tensions', 'IBM Watson', 'production delays', 'production lines', 'past year', 'sales model', 'last year', 'higher volumes', 'lower volumes', 'annual decline', 'extraordinary costs', 'staff costs', 'commercial activity', 'Steady momentum', 'one-off decrease', 'first half', 'related sales', 'strong growth', 'Lipiodol® sales', 'operational profitability', 'high inflation', '13% to 14% range', 'operating result', 'Annual revenue', 'Raleigh site', 'market authorization', 'Asia', 'expectations', 'top', '2023 outlook', 'basis', 'level', 'Villepinte', 'Guerbet', 'GBT', 'solutions', 'appreciation', 'dollar', 'Group', 'USA', 'plants', 'time', 'Adaptation', 'manufacturing', 'EluciremTM', 'FDA', 'September', 'Optiray®', 'period', 'optimization', 'changes', 'China', 'compensation', 'connection', 'termination', 'contract', 'Merative', 'Americas', 'France', 'shutdown', 'Turkey', 'November', 'acceleration', 'MRI', 'increase', 'backdrop', 'arrival', 'X-ray', 'Xenetix®', 'millions', 'IFRS', 'depreciation', 'provisions', 'Note', 'face', 'efforts', 'rise', 'aggregation', 'December', 'items', '2021']",2023-03-22,2023-03-23,globenewswire.com
21161,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/GUERBET-5011/news/Guerbet-2022-annual-results-43312976/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230322,Guerbet: 2022 annual results,(marketscreener.com) 2022 annual results Activity Annual revenue: €753.3 million  up 2.9% Steady momentum in Asia and for Interventional Imaging; negative impact of production delays at the Raleigh site Profitability in line with expectations The restated EBI…,Guerbet: 2022 annual results 03/22/2023 | 12:47pm EDT Send by mail :Name : First name : From * : To * : (You can enter multiple email addresses separated by commas) Message : * Required fields2022 annual resultsActivity Annual revenue: €753.3 million  up 2.9% (-1.1% at CER 1 )) Steady momentum in Asia and for Interventional Imaging; negative impact of production delays at the Raleigh site Profitability in line with expectations The restated EBITDA margin 2 is 13.8%  at the top of the range of 13% to 14% announced last October2023 outlook Revenue: expected growth above 5% on a like-for-like basis and at CER 1 Restated EBITDA margin 3 expected around 11% before returning in 2024 to a level higher than in 2021 (14.4%)Villepinte  March 22  2023: Guerbet (FR0000032526 GBT)  a global specialist in contrast agents and solutions for medical imaging  has published its consolidated financial statements for the 2022 fiscal year. Revenue for the year was €753.3 million  up 2.9% from 2021  including a favorable forex effect of €29.3 million  almost half of which (€14.2 million) was due to the appreciation of the dollar. At constant exchange rates (CER1)  the Group’s activity was down 1.1% over the past year. This change in revenue was the result of: The one-off decrease in production rates at the Raleigh (North Carolina  USA) plants due to recruitment difficulties in the first half of the year and the time necessary to train new hires Adaptation of the production lines to prioritize manufacturing of EluciremTM  which received its market authorization from the FDA on September 21  authorization obtained via the “fast track” process. This strategic decision mainly affected the production of Optiray® and pre-filled syringes references and related sales in many markets worldwide.1 Constant exchange rates (CER): the exchange rate impact was eliminated by recalculating sales for the period on the basis of the exchange rates used for the previous fiscal year. 2 Excluding extraordinary costs relating to optimization of the operational structure and changes in the sales model in China and excluding compensation received in connection with the termination of the contract with Merative. 3 Excluding extraordinary costs relating to optimization of the operational structure and changes in the sales model.In the Americas in particular  the decrease in annual revenue (-7.5% at CER) was entirely due to the contraction in volumes attributable to production delays in Raleigh. In the EMEA region  activity was down -1.9% at CER last year in connection with the regulatory price reductions in France and the shutdown of the commercial activity in Turkey in November 2022. In Asia  the very strong growth (+8.5% at CER) was driven by the acceleration of sales in China (+45.6%)  a market that fully benefited from the direct distribution model rolled out starting in the second quarter. By activity  the change in annual revenue in Diagnostic Imaging (-2.2% at CER) resulted from: For MRI   an increase in sales (+1.7% at CER) due to higher volumes and against a backdrop of negligible price erosion  despite the arrival of generic Dotarem® in the United States.  an increase in sales (+1.7% at CER) due to higher volumes and against a backdrop of negligible price erosion  despite the arrival of generic Dotarem® in the United States. For X-ray  an annual decline (-4.4% at CER) due to lower volumes of Optiray®  while sales of Xenetix® remained strong throughout the year. In Interventional Imaging  the momentum also remained very positive in 2022 (+8.1% at CER) thanks to Lipiodol® sales  which accelerated steadily from the second quarter. In millions of eurosConsolidated financial statements (IFRS) 2021Reported 2022Reported Revenue 732.1 753.3 EBITDA * 105.1 103.1 % of revenue 14.4% 13.7% Operating income 38.7 (18.2) % of revenue 5.3% NS Net income 32.6 (41.1) % of revenue 4.5% NS Net debt 217.8 270.4 * EBITDA = Operating income + net amortization  depreciation and provisions. Note: The audit procedures on the consolidated financial statements have been completed. The certification report is being issued. Good EBITDA margin performance in the face of inflation In 2022  Guerbet managed to preserve its operational profitability by demonstrating great financial discipline to compensate for the impact of high inflation on certain costs. These efforts to control costs  reflected in particular in a contained rise in staff costs (+3.4%) despite wage tensions in the United States  limited the decline in the EBITDA margin. Its reported rate was 13.7% of revenue in 2022  compared with 14.4% in the previous year. In line with the 13% to 14% range announced last October  the restated EBITDA margin rate was 13.8%. This aggregation excludes extraordinary costs relating to the optimization of the operational structure and changes in the sales model in China as well as compensation (€4 million) received in connection with the termination of the contract with Merative (formerly IBM Watson) last November. Significant asset impairments in connection with new strategic priorities As of December 31  2022  the Group’s operating result was negative at -€18.2 million  a change entirely due to items with no impact on cash flow. As announced in February  and in connection with the new strategic priorities unveiled at the beginning of the year for Interventional Imaging and Artificial Intelligence  Guerbet recognized significant asset impairments in 2022 relating to Accurate Medical Therapeutics  Occlugel and to software developed with IBM Watson. Impairments on these three assets totaled €58.8 million. The Group’s net income amounted to -€41.1 million for the year after accounting for financial expenses and stable forex losses. The tax expense was €12.7 million after the Group accounted for €4.5 million in items indicated in a notice from the tax authorities. After examining the tax risks of all its subsidiaries  the Group recorded an additional tax expense of €4.4 million under IFRIC 23. Solid financial structure despite increased inventories; dividend of €0.50 per share As of December 31  2022  equity totaled €380 million  compared with €405 million one year earlier. At the same time  net debt increased from €218 million to €270 million  mainly because of the increase in WCR  fueled by higher inventories. This increase resulted from inflationary pressures as well as the establishment of both precautionary stocks on critical materials and stocks of EluciremTM. For the 2022 fiscal year  the Board of Directors will propose a dividend of €0.50 per share to the shareholders at the General Meeting on May 26  2023. 2023: acceleration of activity but operational profitability impacted by inflation Since the beginning of the year  Guerbet has been confident in its ability to grow its revenue in an improving contrast media market  with structural growth in volumes accompanied by positive price effects for the first time in many years. The Group is able to address this promising market with an innovative range of solutions meeting the needs of healthcare professionals as closely as possible. As announced in January  Guerbet intends to mobilize its teams around three main priorities in 2023: Stronger positions in Diagnostic Imaging   where the year will be marked by the commercial launch of Elucirem TM   a new product bringing a major innovation to complement the MRI offering. The ramp-up is expected by 2024  with a launch already effective in the United States  while in Europe the marketing authorization is expected in the second half of the year.  where the year will be marked by the commercial launch of Elucirem   a new product bringing a major innovation to complement the MRI offering. The ramp-up is expected by 2024  with a launch already effective in the United States  while in Europe the marketing authorization is expected in the second half of the year. Refocusing of the Interventional Imaging activity on Lipiodol ®   with an emphasis on the commercial development of current innovative indications and an acceleration of R&D efforts to develop new applications and indications for this product.  with an emphasis on the commercial development of current innovative indications and an acceleration of R&D efforts to develop new applications and indications for this product. Acceleration of the Artificial Intelligence roadmap  where the Group  after having regained full strategic latitude following the termination of its collaboration with Merative (formerly IBM Watson)  confirmed its ambitions by acquiring a stake in Intrasense. Licensing agreements are expected to materialize in the first half of the year with the company  whose medical imaging software is highly complementary to Guerbet’s asset portfolio. Although Guerbet has identified numerous business opportunities in growing markets  it continues to face a demanding environment marked by persistent pressure on supply costs  specifically in Iodine. Certain inflationary effects  with little impact in 2022  will have a significant negative effect on the Group’s margins in 2023. In this context  Guerbet confirms that it anticipates revenue growth of more than 5% on a like-for-like basis and at CER for 2023. The Group expects stronger growth in the second half of the year than in the first  especially with the industrial activity being brought back up to the required level standard in Raleigh and the gradual ramp-up of EluciremTM. In terms of profitability  the restated EBITDA/revenue margin rate3 is expected to be around 11% before returning in 2024 to a level higher than in 2021 (14.4%). 3 Excluding extraordinary costs relating to optimization of the operational structure and changes in the sales model.About Guerbet At Guerbet  we build lasting relationships so that we enable people to live better. That is our purpose. We are a leader in medical imaging worldwide  offering a comprehensive range of pharmaceutical products  medical devices  and digital and AI solutions for diagnostic and interventional imaging. A pioneer in contrast media for 95 years  with more than 2 600 employees worldwide  we continuously innovate and devote 10% of our sales to research and development in four centers in France  Israel  and the United States. Guerbet (GBT) is listed on Euronext Paris (segment B – mid caps) and generated €753 million in revenue in 2022.Forward-looking statements This press release may contain forward-looking statements based on assumptions and forecasts by the Guerbet Group’s management. Various known and unknown risks  uncertainties  and other factors could lead to marked differences between the Group’s future results  financial situation  development  and performances and the estimates presented in these forward-looking statements. These factors include those mentioned in Guerbet’s public documents  available on its website www.guerbet.com. The Group assumes no obligation to update or revise the forward-looking statements in this press release to reflect future events or developments.Contacts Guerbet Actifin Jérôme EstampesChief Financial Officer+33 (0)1 45 91 50 00Claire LauvernierCommunications Director+33 (0)6 79 52 11 88Financial CommunicationsMarianne Py+33 (0)1 80 48 25 31mpy@actifin.frPressMathias Jordan+33 (0)1 56 88 11 26mjordan@actifin.frAttachment Guerbet CP RA 2022 V Finale VAAll news about GUERBET 03/22 Guerbet : 2022 annual results GL 03/22 Guerbet : 2022 annual results AQ 03/22 Guerbet SA Provides Revenue Guidance for the Second Half and Full Year 2023 CI 02/22 Guerbet SA (ENXTPA:GBT) launched a takeover bid to acquire remaining .. CI 02/09 Guerbet : 2022 revenue GL 02/09 Guerbet : 2022 revenue GL 02/02 Guerbet Releases First Production Batch of Elucirem (Gadopiclenol) Injection  a Novel N.. CI 01/16 Guerbet : 2023 Strategic Priorities GL 01/16 Guerbet : 2023 Strategic Priorities GL 01/12 Guerbet to Launch Voluntary Tender Offer for Intrasense After Acquiring 39% Stake MT,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.32,0.21,0.47,True,English,"['2022 annual results', 'Guerbet', 'euros Consolidated financial statements', '2022 annual results Activity Annual revenue', 'Good EBITDA margin performance', 'great financial discipline', 'multiple email addresses', 'favorable forex effect', 'fast track” process', 'regulatory price reductions', 'negligible price erosion', 'Significant asset impairments', 'NS Net debt', 'constant exchange rates', 'direct distribution model', 'NS Net income', 'Raleigh site Profitability', 'exchange rate impact', 'EBITDA margin rate', 'previous fiscal year', 'net amortization', 'annual decline', 'operational profitability', 'Operating income', 'production rates', '2022 fiscal year', 'previous year', 'Interventional Imaging', 'negative impact', 'FR0000032526 GBT', 'global specialist', 'contrast agents', 'medical imaging', 'North Carolina', 'recruitment difficulties', 'new hires', 'strategic decision', 'syringes references', 'many markets', 'operational structure', 'EMEA region', 'commercial activity', 'second quarter', 'Diagnostic Imaging', 'generic Dotarem®', 'United States', 'audit procedures', 'certification report', 'wage tensions', 'IBM Watson', 'production delays', 'production lines', 'past year', 'sales model', 'last year', 'higher volumes', 'lower volumes', 'extraordinary costs', 'staff costs', '2023 outlook Revenue', 'First name', 'Steady momentum', 'one-off decrease', 'first half', 'related sales', 'strong growth', 'Lipiodol® sales', 'high inflation', '13% to 14% range', 'market authorization', 'Guerbet', 'commas', 'Message', 'fields', 'Asia', 'expectations', 'top', 'basis', 'level', 'Villepinte', 'solutions', 'appreciation', 'dollar', 'Group', 'USA', 'plants', 'time', 'Adaptation', 'manufacturing', 'EluciremTM', 'FDA', 'September', 'Optiray®', 'period', 'optimization', 'changes', 'China', 'compensation', 'connection', 'termination', 'contract', 'Merative', 'Americas', 'France', 'shutdown', 'Turkey', 'November', 'acceleration', 'MRI', 'increase', 'backdrop', 'arrival', 'X-ray', 'Xenetix®', 'millions', 'IFRS', 'depreciation', 'provisions', 'Note', 'face', 'efforts', 'rise', 'aggregation', '2021']",2023-03-22,2023-03-23,marketscreener.com
21162,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/TITAN-CEMENT-INTERNATIONA-62465406/news/Titan-Cement-International-Full-Year-2022-Results-43306677/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230322,Titan Cement International : Full Year 2022 Results,(marketscreener.com)   Media Release   Regulatory Announcement   Full Year Results 2022   Brussels  22 March 2023  08:30 CET - Titan Cement International SA announces the fourth quarter and full year 2022 financial results.   Record sales and st…,"Titan Cement International : Full Year 2022 Results 03/22/2023 | 04:01am EDT Send by mail :Name : First name : From * : To * : (You can enter multiple email addresses separated by commas) Message : * Required fields Media Release Regulatory Announcement Full Year Results 2022 Brussels  22 March 2023  08:30 CET - Titan Cement International SA (Euronext Brussels  ATHEX and Euronext Paris  TITC) announces the fourth quarter and full year 2022 financial results. Record sales and strong profitability growth in all markets  in a year marked by cost inflation and uncertainties. Second consecutive year of record Group sales of €2 282.2m  up 33.1%  following a very strong Q4. US and Greece represent over 70% of Group sales.EBITDA rose to €331.2m with all regions posting double-digit profitability increase. Recovering EBITDA margins with solid volumes  dynamic pricing  cost-efficiency actions  and favourable USD offset sharp rise in energy and distribution costs.double-digit profitability increase. Recovering EBITDA margins with solid volumes  dynamic pricing  cost-efficiency actions  and favourable USD offset sharp rise in energy and distribution costs. Very strong Q4 2022 with EBITDA growth for third consecutive quarter. Q4 EBITDA at €96.7m vs €55.6m in 2021.Earnings per share increased by 24.4%. NPAT reached €109.7m (+19.3%)  despite FX losses in Egypt. Hyperinflation accounting applied in Turkey with practically neutral NPAT impact after taking a €21.8m goodwill impairment charge.Net debt closed at €797.3m (+€84m) following record CapEx (€241.9m) to achieve growth  energy cost efficiencies  optimize logistics costs  and expand capacities  as well as for more working capital to support sales growth. Leverage ratio reduced to 2.4x.Highest annual specific CO 2 emissions reduction (-5%) recorded in the last decade with higher use of alternative fuels and lower clinker-to-cement ratio. Green products and solutions approaching 20% of sales volumes. High ESG ratings.emissions reduction (-5%) recorded in the last decade with higher use of alternative fuels and lower clinker-to-cement ratio. Green products and solutions approaching 20% of sales volumes. High ESG ratings. Group digital transformation rolled out to more plants  with production efficiencies in the form of increased output and energy cost savings  as well as with machine failure prediction detection  results in significant financial benefits.Focus on shareholder returns. Over €60m paid in 2022 as capital reduction distribution to shareholders and for share buybacks. The Board proposes a dividend payment of €0.60 per share.Outlook remains positive given exposure to resilient markets in America as well as in Europe. Large growth and logistics investments to be finalized in 2023.Marcel Cobuz  Chairman of the Group Executive Committee""The great performance results highlight the Group's ability to adapt to market conditions and to activate effective growth strategies  driving positive financial performance mainly in US and Europe  where we serve the majority of our customers and have close to 90% of our sales. They also underscore the Group's resilience  adaptability and commitment of all our great teams to transform the Group commercially and technologically while digitizing our customer journey and decarbonizing aggressively  delivering long-term value to all our stakeholders.""Michael Colakides  Managing Director of TCI & Group CFO""We are proud we closed the year with record sales and the best EBITDA profitability performance for over a decade. All our regions posted double-digit profitability growth as our margins recovered  on the back of dynamic pricing and cost-efficiency actions outweighing the impact of cost inflationary pressures. Our improvement in debt leverage coupled with an active investment growth portfolio  continuous shares buyback and the proposed dividend increase show our confidence in the business model and growth profile of the company."" 22/03/2023 09:19Wednesday  22 March 2023Page 1/15 Page 1/15 Media Release Regulatory Announcement FY FY % Q4 Q4 % In million Euros  unless otherwise stated 2022 2021 YoY 2022 2021 YoY Sales 2 282.2 1 714.6 +33.1% 620.4 451.8 +37.3% EBITDA 331.2 275.2 +20.3% 96.7 55.6 +73.9% Net Profit after Taxes & Minorities 109.7 91.9 +19.3% 20.6 10.0 +106.1% Earnings per Share (€/share) 1.53 1.23 +24.4% TITAN Group - Review of the year 2022 In 2022  Titan Cement Group successfully overcame inflation and supply chain challenges and achieved double- digit sales growth in all its markets. This was attributed to solid volumes  successful pricing strategies  and energy cost-efficiency actions which helped offset rising energy and overall production costs as well as transportation costs. Input and energy costs started increasing during the last quarter of 2021 and over the following twelve months those costs intensified further  reaching at times historical high levels. During the course of this period  we increased our prices  targeting to offset the overall increases in costs and to restore our declining margins. In the last quarter of 2022  energy costs improved as a result of cost-saving actions  more use of alternative fuels  and market conditions  allowing a recovery of EBITDA margins. On the customer front  the offering of green products and solutions was almost at 20% of production  serving amongst other iconic projects across our markets such as the Cairo Monorail in Egypt  the ""Ellinikon"" project and the new subway line 4 in Athens  Greece  and Virginia's Thimble Shoals Tunnel in the US. The Group delivered robust sales of €2 282.2m reflecting a solid 33.1% increase compared to the previous year. To be noted that sales as well as cost of sales were impacted by inflation and the strong USD. Despite the challenges posed by surging energy costs  the Group's actions to adopt a dynamic price increases strategy and enhance its energy mix  coupled with efficiency gains thanks to digitalization of its manufacturing process  have resulted in a significant EBITDA improvement. In 2022  the Group's EBITDA increased by 20.3% compared to 2021  reaching €331.2m. The Group's net result after taxes and minority interests also showed significant growth  reaching €109.7m  an increase of 19.3% from the €91.9m profit in 2021. Noted that IAS 29 for hyperinflation was applied in the operations in Turkey  leading to a gain on net monetary position of €26.3m and reducing the EBITDA by €3.4m. A goodwill impairment of €21.8m was recognized practically reversing the gain that resulted from hyperinflation. Market dynamics remained favorable during 2022  allowing the Group to increase domestic volumes. At Group level  domestic cement  ready-mix  and fly-ash volumes increased for another consecutive year  while we have seen some slowdown in third-party cement exports  aggregates  and building light pre-cast volumes. Group domestic cement sales have increased by 2% (excluding exports) to 17.2m tons driven by higher volumes in the US  Greece  and Southeast Europe. Volumes in Ready-mix increased by 2%  reaching 5.6 million m3 mostly thanks to the continuous strength of the Greek market. million FY FY % 2022 2021 YoY Cement - domestic (metric tons) (1) 17.2 16.8 +2% Ready-mix concrete (m3) 5.6 5.5 +2% Aggregates (metric tons) 19.1 20.2 -5% Cement sales in domestic markets including clinker and cementitious materials Includes Brazil  does not include Associates 22/03/2023 09:19Wednesday  22 March 2023Page 2/15 Page 2/15 Media Release Regulatory Announcement Investments & Financing Group capital expenditures during the year reached a 15-year high at €241.9m compared to €126.0m in 2021. Growth  energy cost efficiencies  logistics costs' optimization  and capacity debottlenecking CapEx projects  mainly in US markets  increased during 2022. The Group invested in energy-saving projects  allowing higher use of lower- cost alternative fuels  improved cement production efficiencies through digital technology  expanded our warehouse capacity to accommodate larger production volumes  optimized logistics  and reduced carbon footprint  primarily in the US and EU. Those projects will result in incremental financial benefits for the Group starting in 2023 and more so in 2024. The significant group capital expenditures for 2022 were aligned with the Group's strategic objectives  demonstrating its continued commitment to sustainable and responsible business practices for long-term growth. It is noted that the cost of CapEx was also affected by prevailing inflation and the strength of the US dollar. More than 50% of the CapEx for 2022 was directed to the US  as part of the Group's $300m growth investment program in the US during 2021-2023. Working Capital increased in 2022 by €92m as a direct result of higher group sales  inflationary pressures on inventories  and higher inventory levels addressing supply chain disruptions. Following an EBITDA increase to €331.2m (+€56.0m)  higher capital expenditures and higher working capital needs to support sales growth  Operating Free Cash Flow (OFCF) for the year 2022 reached €18.8m versus €104.7m in 2021. Year-end net debt increased by €84.1m to €797.3m (2021: €713.2m)  while the leverage ratio of Net Debt/EBITDA ratio dropped to 2.4x thanks to the increased EBITDA. The Group has a low exposure to interest rate risk as more than 80% of its debt is either in fixed rates or covered by long-term interest rate hedges. There is no material debt maturity within the next 18 months. In December 2022  Standard & Poor's re-affirmed its previous rating for Titan Cement International S.A. of ""BB"" with a stable outlook. Post-balance sheet event: In early 2023  the Group took a participation in «Aegean Perlites»  a company operating perlite and pozzolan quarries on the Greek island of Yali  thereby gaining direct access to a key raw material that will allow the enlargement of the Group's offering of low-carbon cementitious products and securing the long term pozzolan sourcing needs of the Group. The Group completed the program that began in October 2021 and initiated two additional share buy-back programs in March and July 2022. Each program was for €10m and a duration of up to six months. Overall  in 2022  in the context of the aforementioned share buyback programs  1 947 721 shares were acquired by the Group for an amount of €23.8m. A new share buyback program of €10 million  approved last January  was initiated on March 1st  2023. Following improved profitability in 2022  the Board of Directors is proposing to the Annual General Assembly of Shareholders  scheduled to take place on May 11th  2023  a dividend distribution of €0.60 per share. This represents an increase of 20% versus the previous year. 22/03/2023 09:19Wednesday  22 March 2023Page 3/15 Page 3/15 Media Release Regulatory Announcement Regional review of the year 2022 USA SalesEBITDATotal assets € 1 314.3m € 188.2m € 1 362.2m (2021: €983.6m) (2021: €158.0m) (2021: €1 133.3m) $ 1 377.2m $ 194.8m $ 1 452.9m (2021: $1 163.8m) (2021: $187.3m) (2021: $1 283.3m) Titan America delivered a year of robust growth in 2022 as well as in the last quarter  both in terms of sales and profitability  the latter underscoring the full effect of successful price increases implemented throughout the year. Our markets grew again significantly above the US average  as our customers saw their activities expand and their backlogs increase. Substantial progress was made on capital expenditure projects  including works at the Norfolk and Tampa import terminals and related rail logistics facilities  all designed to accommodate expected higher volumes and de- bottleneck logistics constraints. Our cement sales volume increased  especially in Florida where housing demand and related nonresidential and infrastructure construction spending continued to grow. The Group's operations in the US showed an improvement in the fuel mix and a reduction in the clinker-to-cement ratio  driven by the full conversion to lower-carbon Type IL cement. There was also a reduction of CO2 (net Scope 1) emissions by 9%. The digitalization systems implemented in both cement plants (end-to-end RTOs in the cement production equipment and failure prediction detection solutions) provided significant efficiency improvements and financial benefits for Titan America. Persistent cost challenges across all cost inputs  including solid fuels  electricity  transportation  and labor were effectively counterbalanced by successful price increases and cost improvements along the year. Florida had been one of the US states benefiting the most from internal population migration  supported by business relocation and corporate activity expansion. The Carolinas were also following suit in attracting business investment into the region while Virginia has been attracting those wishing to be in close proximity to the country's decision centers. Cement volumes in the Essex import terminal improved  supported by residential and commercial high-rises  while infrastructure projects have been strong across our regions. Overall  Titan America sales in 2022 increased versus 2021  reaching $1.4 billion. In euro terms  sales increased by 33.6% to €1 314.3 million. EBITDA also increased by 19.1% during the year  reaching €188.2 million ($194.8 million  up 4.0%). 22/03/2023 09:19Wednesday  22 March 2023Page 4/15 Page 4/15 Media Release Regulatory Announcement Greece & W. Europe Sales EBITDA Total assets € 326.4m € 28.5m € 699.8m (2021: €267.6m) (2021: €23.6m) (2021: €631.0m) Greece closed the year on the positive trend recorded throughout. Higher domestic cement sales were recorded  marking a year of solid sales performance. Sales were in double-digits up both for the year and the last quarter  which was particularly strong aided by very mild weather conditions. Despite higher energy  raw materials and transportation costs  regional profitability improved as price increases were realized on time to account for the increased cost. The combination of a series of actions -further increase in alternative fuel and alternative raw material utilization  lower clinker to cement ratio products  as well as successive operational efficiencies- also helped mitigate part of the increase in energy costs. Demand in the market continued to be fueled by large and smaller public projects  by real estate and non-residential developments across the country and by tourism-related investments. There is also a number of further major infrastructure projects in the pipeline that have not materialized yet. The residential market along with renovation has been growing in large urban centers and  overall  remained stable. Net CO2 emissions dropped significantly in 2022  while the construction of the pre-calciner  that will help to further increase the usage of alternative fuels  is near completion  expected to be operational in the first half of 2023. Export volumes to third parties were reduced for the year  accommodating our CO2 emissions optimization. The majority of cement exports were channeled to Titan America and the Group's own terminal network in Europe also recorded robust growth in terms of both volumes and prices. Sales for Greece and Western Europe in 2022 increased by 22.0% to €326.4 million  while EBITDA increased by €4.9 million to €28.5 million. Southeastern Europe Sales EBITDA Total assets € 385.9m € 95.0m € 489.5m (2021: €290.6m) (2021: €81.9m) (2021: €467.1m) The Group's markets in Southeastern Europe moved along the patterns already witnessed throughout the year. The region as a whole has been hit exceptionally harsh by high energy prices and overall input costs which spilled over into construction sentiment translating into some softness in demand. Amid very tight market though in terms of supply  as some producers were hampered by the market adversities  Group volumes held up better than the overall market levels as we were able to effectively serve the whole region taking advantage of our strategic 22/03/2023 09:19Wednesday  22 March 2023Page 5/15 Page 5/15 Attachments Original LinkOriginal DocumentPermalink Disclaimer Titan Cement International SA published this content on 22 March 2023 and is solely responsible for the information contained therein. Distributed by Public  unedited and unaltered  on 22 March 2023 08:00:01 UTC.© Publicnow 2023 All news about TITAN CEMENT INTERNATIONAL SA 03/22 Transcript : Titan Cement International S.A.  2022 Earnings Call  Mar 22  202.. CI 03/22 Titan Cement International S.A. Reports Earnings Results for the Full Year Ended Decemb.. CI 03/22 Titan Cement International : Full Year 2022 Results PU 03/22 Titan Cement International : Résultats annuels 2022 PU 03/22 Titan Cement International : Full Year Results 2022 PU 03/20 Titan Cement International : Share buyback programme PU 03/20 Titan Cement International : Programme de rachats d'actions PU 03/20 Titan Cement International : Share buyback programme PU 03/20 Titan Cement International S.A.(ATSE:TITC) added to.. CI 03/06 Titan Cement International : Programme de rachats d'actions PU",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.64,0.2,0.17,True,English,"['Titan Cement International', 'Full Year 2022 Results', 'Highest annual specific CO 2 emissions reduction', 'Media Release Regulatory Announcement', '€21.8m goodwill impairment charge', 'machine failure prediction detection', 'active investment growth portfolio', 'Titan Cement International SA', 'double- digit sales growth', 'best EBITDA profitability performance', 'multiple email addresses', 'continuous shares buyback', 'supply chain challenges', 'following twelve months', 'double-digit profitability growth', 'cost inflationary pressures', 'High ESG ratings', 'significant financial benefits', 'effective growth strategies', 'great performance results', 'double-digit profitability increase', 'capital reduction distribution', 'third consecutive quarter', 'FY FY % Q4', 'successful pricing strategies', 'strong profitability growth', 'Group digital transformation', 'Group Executive Committee', 'Second consecutive year', 'positive financial performance', 'Titan Cement Group', 'energy cost savings', 'Full Year 2022 Results', 'Full Year Results', 'energy cost efficiencies', 'neutral NPAT impact', 'overall production costs', 'energy cost-efficiency actions', 'record Group sales', 'financial results', 'TITAN Group', 'production efficiencies', 'cement ratio', 'high levels', 'EBITDA growth', 'Large growth', 'growth profile', 'strong Q4.', 'working capital', 'great teams', 'overall increases', 'Record sales', 'fourth quarter', 'last quarter', 'dynamic pricing', 'Q4 EBITDA', 'record CapEx', 'distribution costs', 'sales volumes', 'rising energy', 'Group CFO', 'energy costs', 'Euronext Paris', 'solid volumes', 'favourable USD', 'sharp rise', 'FX losses', 'Hyperinflation accounting', 'Net debt', 'Leverage ratio', 'last decade', 'higher use', 'alternative fuels', 'Green products', 'shareholder returns', 'The Board', 'logistics investments', 'Marcel Cobuz', 'market conditions', 'customer journey', 'long-term value', 'Michael Colakides', 'Managing Director', 'a decade', 'debt leverage', 'business model', 'Net Profit', 'times historical', 'logistics costs', 'transportation costs', 'EBITDA margins', 'declining margins', 'YoY Sales', 'First name', 'Euronext Brussels', 'lower clinker', 'resilient markets', 'share buybacks', 'commas', 'Message', 'fields', '22 March', '30 CET', 'ATHEX', 'TITC', 'uncertainties', 'Greece', 'regions', 'Earnings', 'Egypt', 'Turkey', 'capacities', 'solutions', 'plants', 'output', 'shareholders', 'payment', 'Outlook', 'exposure', 'America', 'Europe', 'Chairman', 'majority', 'customers', 'resilience', 'adaptability', 'commitment', 'stakeholders', 'TCI', 'improvement', 'confidence', 'company', 'Euros', 'Taxes', 'Minorities', 'Review', 'Input', 'course', 'period', 'prices', '08']",2023-03-22,2023-03-23,marketscreener.com
21163,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/NYXOAH-SA-112544313/news/Nyxoah-Reports-Fourth-Quarter-and-Full-Year-2022-Financial-and-Operating-Results-43314248/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230322,Nyxoah Reports Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2022 Financial and Operating Results,(marketscreener.com) REGULATED INFORMATION Nyxoah Reports Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2022 Financial and Operating ResultsCompleted all 115 implants in the DREAM U.S. pivotal study Mont-Saint-Guibert  Belgium – March 22  2023 09:05pm CET / 4:05pm ET – Nyxoah…,REGULATED INFORMATIONNyxoah Reports Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2022 Financial and Operating ResultsCompleted all 115 implants in the DREAM U.S. pivotal studyMont-Saint-Guibert  Belgium – March 22  2023 09:05pm CET / 4:05pm ET – Nyxoah SA (Euronext Brussels/Nasdaq: NYXH) (“Nyxoah” or the “Company”)  a medical technology company focused on the development and commercialization of innovative solutions to treat Obstructive Sleep Apnea (OSA)  today reported financial and operating results for the fourth quarter and full year 2022.Recent Financial and Operating HighlightsCompleted all 115 implants in the DREAM U.S. pivotal trial  with 12-month data expected early next year.Filed the first module in the modular PMA submission.Submitted 12-month data 1 on the first 34 DREAM patients as a late-breaking abstract to SLEEP 2023 demonstrating a 65% AHI responder rate  a 76% ODI responder rate and safety in-line with expectations. These data are preliminary and not conclusive of final DREAM success.on the first 34 DREAM patients as a late-breaking abstract to SLEEP 2023 demonstrating a 65% AHI responder rate  a 76% ODI responder rate and safety in-line with expectations. These data are preliminary and not conclusive of final DREAM success. Achieved quarterly sales of €1.3 million resulting in a sequential German market share gain.Ended the year with 38 active German accounts  up from 12 entering 2022.Strengthened supply chain with Belgium manufacturing facility receiving clearance from the EU notified body.Implanted the first patients in the ACCCESS U.S. IDE pivotal study to treat complete concentric collapse (CCC). Implant completion expected in 2024.Total cash position of €94.8 million at the end of 2022.2023 Key ObjectivesFocus on patient follow up in the DREAM study resulting in reaching the primary endpoints.U.S. regulatory  manufacturing and market access readiness.Drive further revenue and market share growth in Germany.“With all 115 implants completed in the DREAM study and our first PMA module submitted  we achieved key milestones towards U.S. FDA approval. Our attention now focuses on patient follow up. With the clearance of our second manufacturing site  we have strengthened our supply chain to meet increasing demand ” commented Olivier Taelman  Nyxoah Chief Executive Officer.Mr. Taelman continued  “Commercially in Europe  we are excited to see the continued demand growth for Genio in Germany. Our growing experience with CCC patients in Europe  driven by our expanded label  reinforces our confidence in our ongoing U.S. ACCCESS study.”Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2022 ResultsUNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL INFORMATION – CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF LOSS AND OTHER COMPREHENSIVE LOSS FOR THE THREE MONTHS AND YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31  2022 AND DECEMBER 31  2021 (in thousands)For the three months ended December 31  For the year ended December 31  2022 2021 2022 2021 Revenue €1 307 €295 €3 084 €852 Cost of goods sold (465) (105) (1 150) (303) Gross profit €842 €190 €1 934 €549 Research and Development Expense (4 575) (3 335) (15 861) (12 344) Selling  General and Administrative Expense (5 363) (3 937) (18 855) (14 712) Other income/(expense) 46 539 283 265 Operating loss for the period €(9 050) €(6 543) €(32 499) €(26 242) Financial income (4 609) 3 603 6 763 3 675 Financial expense 1 153 (588) (4 320) (2 072) Loss for the period before taxes €(12 506) €(3 528) €(30 056) €(24 639) Income taxes (790) (2 720) (1 169) (2 980) Loss for the period €(13 296) €(6 248) €(31 225) €(27 619) Loss attributable to equity holders €(13 296) €(6 248) €(31 225) €(27 619) Other comprehensive income/(loss) Items that may not be subsequently reclassified to profit or loss (net of tax) Remeasurements of post-employment benefit obligations  net of tax 70 (68) 70 (68) Items that may be subsequently reclassified to profit or loss (net of tax) Currency translation differences (82) (17) (96) 121 Total other comprehensive income/(loss) €(12) €(85) €(26) €53 Total comprehensive loss for the year  net of tax €(13 308) €(6 333) € (31 251) €(27 566) Loss attributable to equity holders €(13 308) €(6 333) € (31 251) € (27 566) Basic loss per share (in EUR) €(514) €(238) €(1 209) €(1 161) Diluted loss per share (in EUR) €(514) €(238) €(1 209) €(1 161)UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL INFORMATION – CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION AS OF DECEMBER 31  2022 ANDDECEMBER 31  2021 (in thousands)As of December 31  2022 2021 ASSETS Non-current assets Property  plant and equipment €2 460 €2 020 Intangible assets 39 972 25 322 Right of use assets 3 159 3 218 Deferred tax asset 47 46 Other long-term receivables 173 164 €45 811 €30 770 Current assets Inventory 882 346 Trade receivables 1 463 226 Other receivables 1 775 2 286 Other current assets 1 284 1 693 Financial assets 76 968 − Cash and cash equivalents 17 888 135 509 €100 260 €140 060 Total assets €146 071 €170 830 EQUITY AND LIABILITIES Capital and reserves Capital 4 440 4 427 Share premium 228 275 228 033 Share based payment reserve 5 645 3 127 Other comprehensive income 176 202 Retained loss (118 212) (87 167) Total equity attributable to shareholders €120 324 €148 622 LIABILITIES Non-current liabilities Financial debt 8 189 7 802 Lease liability 2 586 2 737 Pension liability − 80 Provisions 59 12 Deferred tax liability − 5 €10 834 €10 636 Current liabilities Financial debt 388 554 Lease liability 719 582 Trade payables 4 985 3 995 Current tax liability 3 654 2 808 Other payables 5 167 3 633 €14 913 €11 572 Total liabilities €25 747 €22 208 Total equity and liabilities €146 071 €170 830RevenueRevenue was €1.3 million for the fourth quarter ending December 31  2022  compared to €295 000 for the fourth quarter ending December 31  2021. Revenue for the full year of 2022 was €3.1 million  compared to €0.9 million for the full year of 2021. The increase in revenue was attributable to the Company’s commercialization of the Genio® system  primarily in Germany.Cost of Goods SoldCost of goods sold was €465 000 for the three months ending December 31  2022  representing a gross profit of €0.8 million  or gross margin of 64.4%. This compares to total cost of goods sold of €105 000 in the fourth quarter of 2021  for a gross profit of €190 000  or gross margin of 64.4%.For the full year ending December 31  2022  total cost of goods sold was €1.2 million  representing a gross profit of €1 million  or gross margin of 62.7%. This compares to total cost of goods sold of €303 000 for the full year of 2021  for a gross profit of €0.5 million or gross margin of 64.4%.Research and Development ExpensesResearch and development expenses were €4.6 million for the three months ending December 31  2022  versus €3.3 million for the prior year period  reflecting the Company’s investments in the development of next generation versions of the Genio® system as well as ongoing clinical studies  most notably DREAM in the U.S.For the full year ending December 31  2022  research and development expenses were €15.9 million  versus €12.3 million for the full year of 2021.Selling  General and Administrative ExpensesSelling  general and administrative expenses rose to €5.4 million for the fourth quarter of 2022  up from €3.9 million in the fourth quarter of 2021. This was due primarily to increased commercial efforts in Germany and other European markets  as well as investments in Nyxoah’s corporate infrastructure. The Company expects to continue adding headcount across the organization ahead of the U.S. commercial launch.For the full year ending December 31  2022  selling  general and administrative expenses were €18.9 million  up from €14.7 million for the full year 2021 due to increased commercial efforts in Germany and investments in Nyxoah’s corporate infrastructure.Operating LossTotal operating loss for the fourth quarter and full year 2022 was €9.1 million and €32.5 million  respectively  versus €6.5 million and €26.2 million in the fourth quarter and full year 2021  respectively. This was driven by the acceleration in the Company’s R&D spending  as well as ongoing commercial and clinical activities.Cash PositionAs of December 31  2022  cash and financial assets totaled €95 million  compared to €135.5 million on December 31  2021. Total cash burn was approximately €3.4 million per month during 2022.Full year report 2022Nyxoah’s financial report for the full year of 2022  including details of the audited consolidated results  are available on the investor page of Nyxoah’s website (https://investors.nyxoah.com/financials).Conference call and webcast presentationNyxoah will conduct a conference call open to the public today at 10:30pm CET / 4:30pm ET  which will also be webcast. To participate in the conference call  please access the following link to register for a dial-in number: https://register.vevent.com/register/BI84592a0d5f1d4395a204ebca89873f13A question-and-answer session will follow the presentation of the results. To access the live webcast  go to https://investors.nyxoah.com/events. The archived webcast will be available for replay shortly after the close of the call.About NyxoahNyxoah is a medical technology company focused on the development and commercialization of innovative solutions to treat Obstructive Sleep Apnea (OSA). Nyxoah’s lead solution is the Genio® system  a patient-centered  leadless and battery-free hypoglossal neurostimulation therapy for OSA  the world’s most common sleep disordered breathing condition that is associated with increased mortality risk and cardiovascular comorbidities. Nyxoah is driven by the vision that OSA patients should enjoy restful nights and feel enabled to live their life to its fullest.Following the successful completion of the BLAST OSA study  the Genio® system received its European CE Mark in 2019. Nyxoah completed two successful IPOs: on Euronext Brussels in September 2020 and NASDAQ in July 2021. Following the positive outcomes of the BETTER SLEEP study  Nyxoah received CE mark approval for the expansion of its therapeutic indications to Complete Concentric Collapse (CCC) patients  currently contraindicated in competitors’ therapy. Additionally  the Company is currently conducting the DREAM IDE pivotal study for FDA and US commercialization approval.For more information  please visit http://www.nyxoah.com/.Caution – CE marked since 2019. Investigational device in the United States. Limited by U.S. federal law to investigational use in the United States.Forward-looking statementsCertain statements  beliefs and opinions in this press release are forward-looking  which reflect the Company's or  as appropriate  the Company directors' or managements' current expectations regarding the Genio® system; planned and ongoing clinical studies of the Genio® system; the potential advantages of the Genio® system; Nyxoah’s goals with respect to the development  regulatory pathway and potential use of the Genio® system; the utility of clinical data in potentially obtaining FDA approval of the Genio® system; and the Company's results of operations  financial condition  liquidity  performance  prospects  growth and strategies. By their nature  forward-looking statements involve a number of risks  uncertainties  assumptions and other factors that could cause actual results or events to differ materially from those expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. These risks  uncertainties  assumptions and factors could adversely affect the outcome and financial effects of the plans and events described herein. Additionally  these risks and uncertainties include  but are not limited to  the risks and uncertainties set forth in the “Risk Factors” section of the Company’s Annual Report on Form 20-F for the year ended December 31  2021  filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”) on March 24  2022  and subsequent reports that the Company files with the SEC. A multitude of factors including  but not limited to  changes in demand  competition and technology  can cause actual events  performance or results to differ significantly from any anticipated development. Forward looking statements contained in this press release regarding past trends or activities are not guarantees of future performance and should not be taken as a representation that such trends or activities will continue in the future. In addition  even if actual results or developments are consistent with the forward-looking statements contained in this press release  those results or developments may not be indicative of results or developments in future periods. No representations and warranties are made as to the accuracy or fairness of such forward-looking statements. As a result  the Company expressly disclaims any obligation or undertaking to release any updates or revisions to any forward-looking statements in this press release as a result of any change in expectations or any change in events  conditions  assumptions or circumstances on which these forward-looking statements are based  except if specifically required to do so by law or regulation. Neither the Company nor its advisers or representatives nor any of its subsidiary undertakings or any such person's officers or employees guarantees that the assumptions underlying such forward-looking statements are free from errors nor does either accept any responsibility for the future accuracy of the forward-looking statements contained in this press release or the actual occurrence of the forecasted developments. You should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements  which speak only as of the date of this press release.Contacts:NyxoahDavid DeMartino  Chief Strategy Officerdavid.demartino@nyxoah.com+1 310 310 13131 For the trial to be successful  of the 115 patients  at least 63% of patients need to be AHI and ODI responders at the 12-month follow-up.Attachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.26,0.08,0.67,True,English,"['Fourth Quarter', 'Full Year', 'Operating Results', 'Nyxoah', '2022 Financial', 'ACCCESS U.S. IDE pivotal study', 'ongoing U.S. ACCCESS study', 'DREAM U.S. pivotal trial', 'DREAM U.S. pivotal study', 'UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL INFORMATION', 'sequential German market share gain', 'U.S. FDA approval', 'Nyxoah Chief Executive Officer', 'Total other comprehensive income', '38 active German accounts', 'market access readiness', 'final DREAM success', 'modular PMA submission', '65% AHI responder rate', '76% ODI responder rate', 'complete concentric collapse', 'post-employment benefit obligations', 'Currency translation differences', 'market share growth', 'continued demand growth', 'first 34 DREAM patients', 'second manufacturing site', 'Other long-term receivables', 'first PMA module', 'medical technology company', 'Total comprehensive loss', 'Obstructive Sleep Apnea', 'OTHER COMPREHENSIVE LOSS', 'Total cash position', 'Deferred tax asset', 'Other current assets', 'Belgium manufacturing facility', 'DREAM study', 'Full Year 2022 Financial', 'Full Year 2022 Results', 'REGULATED INFORMATION', 'CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS', 'Other income', 'Financial income', 'Other receivables', 'FINANCIAL POSITION', 'first module', 'first patients', 'Total assets', 'Recent Financial', 'Financial expense', 'Financial assets', 'increasing demand', 'Operating Results', 'Trade receivables', 'Share premium', 'Income taxes', 'Fourth Quarter', 'Nyxoah SA', 'Euronext Brussels/Nasdaq', 'innovative solutions', 'Operating Highlights', 'breaking abstract', 'quarterly sales', 'supply chain', 'Implant completion', '2023 Key Objectives', 'primary endpoints', 'key milestones', 'Olivier Taelman', 'Mr. Taelman', 'growing experience', 'CCC patients', 'expanded label', 'THREE MONTHS', 'Administrative Expense', 'Non-current assets', 'Intangible assets', 'use assets', 'cash equivalents', 'payment reserve', 'equity holders', 'Operating loss', 'Basic loss', '12-month data', 'patient follow', 'Development Expense', 'LIABILITIES Capital', 'Gross profit', '8,033 Share', '115 implants', 'Mont-Saint-Guibert', 'March', '4:05pm', 'NYXH', 'commercialization', 'OSA', 'safety', 'expectations', 'line', 'clearance', 'body', 'revenue', 'Germany', 'attention', 'Europe', 'Genio', 'confidence', 'YEARS', 'DECEMBER', 'thousands', 'Cost', 'goods', 'Research', 'General', 'period', 'Items', 'Remeasurements', 'Property', 'equipment', 'Right', 'Inventory', 'reserves']",2023-03-22,2023-03-23,marketscreener.com
21164,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/03/22/2632705/0/en/Nyxoah-Reports-Fourth-Quarter-and-Full-Year-2022-Financial-and-Operating-Results.html,Nyxoah Reports Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2022 Financial and Operating Results,REGULATED INFORMATION    Nyxoah Reports Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2022 Financial and Operating ResultsCompleted all 115 implants in the DREAM U.S.......,English FrenchREGULATED INFORMATIONNyxoah Reports Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2022 Financial and Operating ResultsCompleted all 115 implants in the DREAM U.S. pivotal studyMont-Saint-Guibert  Belgium – March 22  2023 09:05pm CET / 4:05pm ET – Nyxoah SA (Euronext Brussels/Nasdaq: NYXH) (“Nyxoah” or the “Company”)  a medical technology company focused on the development and commercialization of innovative solutions to treat Obstructive Sleep Apnea (OSA)  today reported financial and operating results for the fourth quarter and full year 2022.Recent Financial and Operating HighlightsCompleted all 115 implants in the DREAM U.S. pivotal trial  with 12-month data expected early next year.Filed the first module in the modular PMA submission.Submitted 12-month data 1 on the first 34 DREAM patients as a late-breaking abstract to SLEEP 2023 demonstrating a 65% AHI responder rate  a 76% ODI responder rate and safety in-line with expectations. These data are preliminary and not conclusive of final DREAM success.on the first 34 DREAM patients as a late-breaking abstract to SLEEP 2023 demonstrating a 65% AHI responder rate  a 76% ODI responder rate and safety in-line with expectations. These data are preliminary and not conclusive of final DREAM success. Achieved quarterly sales of €1.3 million resulting in a sequential German market share gain.Ended the year with 38 active German accounts  up from 12 entering 2022.Strengthened supply chain with Belgium manufacturing facility receiving clearance from the EU notified body.Implanted the first patients in the ACCCESS U.S. IDE pivotal study to treat complete concentric collapse (CCC). Implant completion expected in 2024.Total cash position of €94.8 million at the end of 2022.2023 Key ObjectivesFocus on patient follow up in the DREAM study resulting in reaching the primary endpoints.U.S. regulatory  manufacturing and market access readiness.Drive further revenue and market share growth in Germany.“With all 115 implants completed in the DREAM study and our first PMA module submitted  we achieved key milestones towards U.S. FDA approval. Our attention now focuses on patient follow up. With the clearance of our second manufacturing site  we have strengthened our supply chain to meet increasing demand ” commented Olivier Taelman  Nyxoah Chief Executive Officer.Mr. Taelman continued  “Commercially in Europe  we are excited to see the continued demand growth for Genio in Germany. Our growing experience with CCC patients in Europe  driven by our expanded label  reinforces our confidence in our ongoing U.S. ACCCESS study.”Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2022 ResultsUNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL INFORMATION – CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF LOSS AND OTHER COMPREHENSIVE LOSS FOR THE THREE MONTHS AND YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31  2022 AND DECEMBER 31  2021 (in thousands)For the three months ended December 31  For the year ended December 31  2022 2021 2022 2021 Revenue €1 307 €295 €3 084 €852 Cost of goods sold (465) (105) (1 150) (303) Gross profit €842 €190 €1 934 €549 Research and Development Expense (4 575) (3 335) (15 861) (12 344) Selling  General and Administrative Expense (5 363) (3 937) (18 855) (14 712) Other income/(expense) 46 539 283 265 Operating loss for the period €(9 050) €(6 543) €(32 499) €(26 242) Financial income (4 609) 3 603 6 763 3 675 Financial expense 1 153 (588) (4 320) (2 072) Loss for the period before taxes €(12 506) €(3 528) €(30 056) €(24 639) Income taxes (790) (2 720) (1 169) (2 980) Loss for the period €(13 296) €(6 248) €(31 225) €(27 619) Loss attributable to equity holders €(13 296) €(6 248) €(31 225) €(27 619) Other comprehensive income/(loss) Items that may not be subsequently reclassified to profit or loss (net of tax) Remeasurements of post-employment benefit obligations  net of tax 70 (68) 70 (68) Items that may be subsequently reclassified to profit or loss (net of tax) Currency translation differences (82) (17) (96) 121 Total other comprehensive income/(loss) €(12) €(85) €(26) €53 Total comprehensive loss for the year  net of tax €(13 308) €(6 333) € (31 251) €(27 566) Loss attributable to equity holders €(13 308) €(6 333) € (31 251) € (27 566) Basic loss per share (in EUR) €(514) €(238) €(1 209) €(1 161) Diluted loss per share (in EUR) €(514) €(238) €(1 209) €(1 161)UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL INFORMATION – CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION AS OF DECEMBER 31  2022 ANDDECEMBER 31  2021 (in thousands)As of December 31  2022 2021 ASSETS Non-current assets Property  plant and equipment €2 460 €2 020 Intangible assets 39 972 25 322 Right of use assets 3 159 3 218 Deferred tax asset 47 46 Other long-term receivables 173 164 €45 811 €30 770 Current assets Inventory 882 346 Trade receivables 1 463 226 Other receivables 1 775 2 286 Other current assets 1 284 1 693 Financial assets 76 968 − Cash and cash equivalents 17 888 135 509 €100 260 €140 060 Total assets €146 071 €170 830 EQUITY AND LIABILITIES Capital and reserves Capital 4 440 4 427 Share premium 228 275 228 033 Share based payment reserve 5 645 3 127 Other comprehensive income 176 202 Retained loss (118 212) (87 167) Total equity attributable to shareholders €120 324 €148 622 LIABILITIES Non-current liabilities Financial debt 8 189 7 802 Lease liability 2 586 2 737 Pension liability − 80 Provisions 59 12 Deferred tax liability − 5 €10 834 €10 636 Current liabilities Financial debt 388 554 Lease liability 719 582 Trade payables 4 985 3 995 Current tax liability 3 654 2 808 Other payables 5 167 3 633 €14 913 €11 572 Total liabilities €25 747 €22 208 Total equity and liabilities €146 071 €170 830RevenueRevenue was €1.3 million for the fourth quarter ending December 31  2022  compared to €295 000 for the fourth quarter ending December 31  2021. Revenue for the full year of 2022 was €3.1 million  compared to €0.9 million for the full year of 2021. The increase in revenue was attributable to the Company’s commercialization of the Genio® system  primarily in Germany.Cost of Goods SoldCost of goods sold was €465 000 for the three months ending December 31  2022  representing a gross profit of €0.8 million  or gross margin of 64.4%. This compares to total cost of goods sold of €105 000 in the fourth quarter of 2021  for a gross profit of €190 000  or gross margin of 64.4%.For the full year ending December 31  2022  total cost of goods sold was €1.2 million  representing a gross profit of €1 million  or gross margin of 62.7%. This compares to total cost of goods sold of €303 000 for the full year of 2021  for a gross profit of €0.5 million or gross margin of 64.4%.Research and Development ExpensesResearch and development expenses were €4.6 million for the three months ending December 31  2022  versus €3.3 million for the prior year period  reflecting the Company’s investments in the development of next generation versions of the Genio® system as well as ongoing clinical studies  most notably DREAM in the U.S.For the full year ending December 31  2022  research and development expenses were €15.9 million  versus €12.3 million for the full year of 2021.Selling  General and Administrative ExpensesSelling  general and administrative expenses rose to €5.4 million for the fourth quarter of 2022  up from €3.9 million in the fourth quarter of 2021. This was due primarily to increased commercial efforts in Germany and other European markets  as well as investments in Nyxoah’s corporate infrastructure. The Company expects to continue adding headcount across the organization ahead of the U.S. commercial launch.For the full year ending December 31  2022  selling  general and administrative expenses were €18.9 million  up from €14.7 million for the full year 2021 due to increased commercial efforts in Germany and investments in Nyxoah’s corporate infrastructure.Operating LossTotal operating loss for the fourth quarter and full year 2022 was €9.1 million and €32.5 million  respectively  versus €6.5 million and €26.2 million in the fourth quarter and full year 2021  respectively. This was driven by the acceleration in the Company’s R&D spending  as well as ongoing commercial and clinical activities.Cash PositionAs of December 31  2022  cash and financial assets totaled €95 million  compared to €135.5 million on December 31  2021. Total cash burn was approximately €3.4 million per month during 2022.Full year report 2022Nyxoah’s financial report for the full year of 2022  including details of the audited consolidated results  are available on the investor page of Nyxoah’s website (https://investors.nyxoah.com/financials).Conference call and webcast presentationNyxoah will conduct a conference call open to the public today at 10:30pm CET / 4:30pm ET  which will also be webcast. To participate in the conference call  please access the following link to register for a dial-in number: https://register.vevent.com/register/BI84592a0d5f1d4395a204ebca89873f13A question-and-answer session will follow the presentation of the results. To access the live webcast  go to https://investors.nyxoah.com/events. The archived webcast will be available for replay shortly after the close of the call.About NyxoahNyxoah is a medical technology company focused on the development and commercialization of innovative solutions to treat Obstructive Sleep Apnea (OSA). Nyxoah’s lead solution is the Genio® system  a patient-centered  leadless and battery-free hypoglossal neurostimulation therapy for OSA  the world’s most common sleep disordered breathing condition that is associated with increased mortality risk and cardiovascular comorbidities. Nyxoah is driven by the vision that OSA patients should enjoy restful nights and feel enabled to live their life to its fullest.Following the successful completion of the BLAST OSA study  the Genio® system received its European CE Mark in 2019. Nyxoah completed two successful IPOs: on Euronext Brussels in September 2020 and NASDAQ in July 2021. Following the positive outcomes of the BETTER SLEEP study  Nyxoah received CE mark approval for the expansion of its therapeutic indications to Complete Concentric Collapse (CCC) patients  currently contraindicated in competitors’ therapy. Additionally  the Company is currently conducting the DREAM IDE pivotal study for FDA and US commercialization approval.For more information  please visit http://www.nyxoah.com/.Caution – CE marked since 2019. Investigational device in the United States. Limited by U.S. federal law to investigational use in the United States.Forward-looking statementsCertain statements  beliefs and opinions in this press release are forward-looking  which reflect the Company's or  as appropriate  the Company directors' or managements' current expectations regarding the Genio® system; planned and ongoing clinical studies of the Genio® system; the potential advantages of the Genio® system; Nyxoah’s goals with respect to the development  regulatory pathway and potential use of the Genio® system; the utility of clinical data in potentially obtaining FDA approval of the Genio® system; and the Company's results of operations  financial condition  liquidity  performance  prospects  growth and strategies. By their nature  forward-looking statements involve a number of risks  uncertainties  assumptions and other factors that could cause actual results or events to differ materially from those expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. These risks  uncertainties  assumptions and factors could adversely affect the outcome and financial effects of the plans and events described herein. Additionally  these risks and uncertainties include  but are not limited to  the risks and uncertainties set forth in the “Risk Factors” section of the Company’s Annual Report on Form 20-F for the year ended December 31  2021  filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”) on March 24  2022  and subsequent reports that the Company files with the SEC. A multitude of factors including  but not limited to  changes in demand  competition and technology  can cause actual events  performance or results to differ significantly from any anticipated development. Forward looking statements contained in this press release regarding past trends or activities are not guarantees of future performance and should not be taken as a representation that such trends or activities will continue in the future. In addition  even if actual results or developments are consistent with the forward-looking statements contained in this press release  those results or developments may not be indicative of results or developments in future periods. No representations and warranties are made as to the accuracy or fairness of such forward-looking statements. As a result  the Company expressly disclaims any obligation or undertaking to release any updates or revisions to any forward-looking statements in this press release as a result of any change in expectations or any change in events  conditions  assumptions or circumstances on which these forward-looking statements are based  except if specifically required to do so by law or regulation. Neither the Company nor its advisers or representatives nor any of its subsidiary undertakings or any such person's officers or employees guarantees that the assumptions underlying such forward-looking statements are free from errors nor does either accept any responsibility for the future accuracy of the forward-looking statements contained in this press release or the actual occurrence of the forecasted developments. You should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements  which speak only as of the date of this press release.Contacts:NyxoahDavid DeMartino  Chief Strategy Officerdavid.demartino@nyxoah.com+1 310 310 13131 For the trial to be successful  of the 115 patients  at least 63% of patients need to be AHI and ODI responders at the 12-month follow-up.Attachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.34,0.16,0.5,True,English,"['Fourth Quarter', 'Full Year', 'Operating Results', 'Nyxoah', '2022 Financial', 'ACCCESS U.S. IDE pivotal study', 'ongoing U.S. ACCCESS study', 'DREAM U.S. pivotal trial', 'DREAM U.S. pivotal study', 'sequential German market share gain', 'UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL INFORMATION', 'U.S. FDA approval', 'Nyxoah Chief Executive Officer', '121 Total other comprehensive income', '38 active German accounts', 'market access readiness', 'final DREAM success', 'market share growth', 'modular PMA submission', '65% AHI responder rate', '76% ODI responder rate', 'complete concentric collapse', 'post-employment benefit obligations', 'Currency translation differences', 'continued demand growth', 'first 34 DREAM patients', 'second manufacturing site', 'Other long-term receivables', 'first PMA module', 'medical technology company', 'Total comprehensive loss', 'Obstructive Sleep Apnea', 'OTHER COMPREHENSIVE LOSS', 'Total cash position', 'Deferred tax asset', 'Other current assets', 'Belgium manufacturing facility', 'DREAM study', 'Full Year 2022 Results', 'REGULATED INFORMATION', 'CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS', 'Other income', 'Other receivables', 'first module', 'first patients', 'Financial income', 'Total assets', 'FINANCIAL POSITION', 'increasing demand', 'Recent Financial', 'Financial expense', 'Financial assets', '427 Share premium', 'Operating Results', 'Trade receivables', 'Income taxes', 'English French', 'Fourth Quarter', 'Nyxoah SA', 'Euronext Brussels/Nasdaq', 'innovative solutions', 'Operating Highlights', 'breaking abstract', 'quarterly sales', 'supply chain', 'Implant completion', '2023 Key Objectives', 'patient follow', 'primary endpoints', 'key milestones', 'Olivier Taelman', 'Mr. Taelman', 'growing experience', 'CCC patients', 'THREE MONTHS', 'Administrative Expense', 'Non-current assets', 'Intangible assets', 'use assets', 'cash equivalents', 'equity holders', 'Operating loss', 'Basic loss', '12-month data', 'Development Expense', 'LIABILITIES Capital', 'Gross profit', '115 implants', 'Mont-Saint-Guibert', 'March', '05pm', 'NYXH', 'commercialization', 'OSA', 'safety', 'expectations', 'clearance', 'body', 'revenue', 'Germany', 'attention', 'Europe', 'Genio', 'label', 'confidence', 'YEARS', 'DECEMBER', 'thousands', 'Cost', 'goods', 'Research', 'General', 'period', 'Items', 'Remeasurements', 'Property', 'equipment', 'Right', 'Inventory', 'reserves', 'payme']",2023-03-22,2023-03-23,globenewswire.com
21165,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/TOUAX-SCA-5013/news/Touax-2022-RESULTS-Growth-in-business-volume-and-in-operating-profitability-43312947/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230322,Touax: 2022 RESULTS Growth in business volume and in operating profitability,(marketscreener.com) and is listed on the CAC® Small  CAC® Mid & Small and EnterNext©PEA-PME 150 indices. For further information please visit: www.touax.com Contacts: TOUAX        ACTIFIN Fabrice & Raphaël Walewski        Ghislaine Gasparetto ...https://www.…,"Touax: 2022 RESULTS Growth in business volume and in operating profitability 03/22/2023 | 12:46pm EDT Send by mail :Name : First name : From * : To * : (You can enter multiple email addresses separated by commas) Message : * Required fields PRESS RELEASE Paris  22 March 2023 – 5.45 p.m. YOUR OPERATIONAL LEASING SOLUTION FOR SUSTAINABLE TRANSPORTATION 2022 RESULTS Growth in business volume and in operating profitability Growth in business volume of 29%EBITDA growth of 9% to €57.9 million and Operating income up 8% to €31.1 million Group share of net profit: €7.5 million Return to a dividend distribution policy""Touax’s good results for 2022 confirm the resilience of its business model. Relevant investments in quality logistics assets for long-term leases have bolstered recurrent revenues. At its General Meeting of Shareholders in June  Touax will propose that the group resume distributing dividends  with a dividend pay-out for 2022 of 10 cents per share.” remarked Fabrice and Raphael Walewski  Touax SCA’s managing partners. Despite factors such as the Russian-Ukrainian war  inflation  and rising interest rates  the Touax Group turned in a strong operating performance in 2022. Consolidated EBITDA at end-December 2022 increased by €4.9 million to €57.9 million and Operating income rose by €2.4 million to €31.1 million. The Group share of net profit fell by €5.1 million to €7.5 million due to an increase in financial expenses following the repayment of hybrid capital in the form of undated deeply subordinated bonds (TSSDI) and a provision for tax of €3.8 million. In 2022  the group completed the repayment of €50.8 million in undated deeply subordinated bonds (TSSDI)  54% of which in cash and 46% by issuing a new EuroPP enabling Touax SCA to save €3.0 million in cash each year. As the undated deeply subordinated bonds were recognized in equity and the coupons as dividends  the portion financed in EuroPP  i.e.  €23.3 million  now appears under financial liabilities in the balance sheet and the related interest is shown in the income statement at €1.6 million per year. The net book value per share is €12.94  up 11% compared with December 31  2021. Based on the market value of the assets  the revalued NAV1 per share came to €21.95  up 9% versus last year. The consolidated financial statements for the period ended December 31  2022  were approved by the Management Board on March 21  2023 and were submitted to the Supervisory Board on March 22  2023. The auditing of these statements is underway. KEY ACCOUNTING ITEMS Key figures 20222021(in € million) Restated Revenue (*) from activities 161.5 125.0 Of which Freight railcars 56.1 50.3 Of which River barges 17.5 12.8 Of which Containers 81.4 47.7 Of which Miscellaneous and eliminations 6.4 14.2 EBITDA 57.9 53.1 Operating income 31.1 28.7 Financial result -15.4 -11.9 Profit before taxes 15.7 16.8 Corporate tax -6.3 -1.0 Consolidated net profit (loss) (Group’s share) 7.5 12.6 Earnings per share (€) 1.07 1.79 Total non-current assets 394.6 358.0 Total assets 571.7 552.4 Total shareholders’ equity 153.7 165.0 Net financial debt (a) 280.8 231.6 Operating cash flow (b) -1.5 -25.7 Loan to Value ratio (c) 59.5% 52% (a) including €232.3m in debt without recourse at 31 Dec 2022(b) including €60.0m of net equipment acquisitions (€71.3m end of Dec 2021)(c) Loan to Value ratio: Ratio of consolidated gross financial debt to total assets less goodwill and intangible fixed assets(*) The key indicators in the Group’s activity report are presented differently from the IFRS income statement  to enable an understanding of the activities’ performance. As such  no distinction is made in third-party management  which is presented solely in agent form.This presentation therefore allows a direct reading of syndication fees  sales commissions and management fees.This new presentation has no impact on EBITDA  operating income or net income. The accounting presentation of revenue from activities is presented in the appendix to the press release. STRONG BUSINESS GROWTH IN 2022 Restated revenue from activities over full-year 2022 totaled €161.5 million (€151.8 million at constant scope and currency)  up 29.2% compared with 2021 (+21.5% at constant scope and currency). This increase was due to the dynamism of the owned activity  which came to €150.5 million at the end of 2022  up €34.1 million. The owned activity benefited in particular from growth in container trading and an increase in rental turnover. The freight railcar (89.4%)  river barge (100%) and container (96.1%) utilization rates were at a high level at the end of December 2022. The management business also saw growth of €2.9 million (+36.4%)  with investor fleet management fees of €4.7 million and commissions on the sale of investor equipment of €3.5 million. ANALYSIS OF CONTRIBUTIONS BY DIVISION Restated revenue from the Freight Railcars division reached €56.1 million in 2022  an increase of 11.6%. Rental income rose by 12.4% to €52.2 million over the period  with new assets acquired generating additional revenue. Sales of owned equipment were stable at €1.6 million. Restated revenue from the River Barges division was up 36.2% to €17.5 million in 2022  driven by the leasing activity (revenue linked to the increase in chartering in the Rhine basin). Restated revenue from the Containers division came to €81.4 million at the end of December 2022  an increase of €33.8 million (+71%). Sales of owned equipment more than doubled over the year to €50.8 million  thanks to the development of the trading activity for new containers. Benefiting from a high average utilization rate in 2022 (97.7%)  the leasing activity grew by 22.5% (+€4.1 million). The increase in commissions linked to the sale of investor equipment also contributed +€2.1 million to these very good results. Revenue from the Modular Construction business in Africa  presented under the ""Miscellaneous” line  decreased in 2022 to €6.4 million. However  the business outlook for 2023 is promising given the order book. HIGHER OPERATING PROFITABILITY EBITDA came to €57.9 million  an increase of 9%. EBITDA in the Freight Railcars division rose to €30.6 million (+16%) compared with €26.2 million in 2021  against a backdrop of higher rental revenue and effective control of operating expenses. The River Barges division posted EBITDA of €5.0 million over the year  giving a slight increase of €0.1 million. EBITDA in the Containers division grew by a substantial €5.0 million to €22.8 million (+28%). The trading activity turned in high margins together with higher volumes. Operating income reached €31.1 million  up 8% on 2021. Financial income came to -€15.4 million  compared with -€11.9 million in 2021. The €3.0 million increase in net interest expense can partly be explained by a volume effect (refinancing as debt of the undated deeply subordinated bonds previously recognized as capital  and an increase in the debt of the Container division to support growth) and partly by the impact of the rise in interest rates mainly linked to the refinancing of the Containers division. Corporate income tax amounted to €6.3 million  up €5.2 million due to an exceptional tax provision of €3.8 million (no cash impact) in the Containers division following the loss of a tax dispute in the court of first instance in Hong Kong. Net income Group share amounted to €7.5 million (compared with €12.6 million in 2021)  after taking into account the increase in financial expenses and the exceptional tax provision. A BALANCED FINANCIAL STRUCTURE The balance sheet showed a total of €572 million at December 31  2022  compared with €552 million at December 31  2021. Tangible fixed assets and inventories amounted to €450 million  compared with €418 million at the end of 2021  mainly due to investments within the Freight Railcars and Containers divisions. Group shareholders' equity decreased to €154 million compared with €165 million in 2021  due to the redemption of the hybrid capital (undated deeply subordinated bonds) for €26.6 million. Gross debt came to €337 million  69% of which was non-recourse debt to Touax SCA. The Group’s net debt amounted to €281 million  with a comfortable cash position of €56 million. The loan-to-value ratio stood at 59.5% at December 31  2022. OUTLOOK The Touax Group confirms its strategy of regular investments in quality assets for long-term leasing while remaining cautious given the market outlook. Touax's activities are well oriented at a time of growing awareness of the need to decarbonize the economy and transportation. Activity in the Freight Railcars business is being driven in Europe by the intermodal segment  in which Touax is a market leader  and by efforts from large industrial players and logistics operators to reduce their carbon footprint. The Indian market is growing due to considerable infrastructure needs. Concerning the River Barges business  this sector in Europe is set to receive new public and institutional investments that will help to speed up the development of river transport. In North and South America  Touax will look selectively at any new investment opportunities. The Containers business has had two exceptional years. The market is set to return to normal in 2023  in terms of the global volume of containerized traffic as well as asset prices and maritime freight rates. Touax intends to take advantage of this trend towards normalization with a more attractive entry price  by enhancing its range of services (leasing  trading  and new types of containers) and expanding its geographical scope to meet the expectations of and increase its customer base. The Modular Construction business in Africa also provides its customers with turnkey eco-responsible buildings and tailored solutions. The level of orders recorded in Q1 2023 suggests a good year ahead and a higher valuation of Touax’s stake in this business. Through its unique position in sustainable transport  Touax is increasingly committed to an environmentally friendly approach and best practices around social and governance criteria. After obtaining its first ESG non-financial rating in Q4 2022 from EcoVadis  which ranked Touax as one of the best in its industry  the group wants to capitalize on this and is working on a continuous improvement plan. Touax is reflecting this new paradigm in its financial strategy by proactively indexing its financing costs to ESG performance criteria. This already concerns 65% of its financing. Touax's goal is to strive to constantly improve how it serves its customers through services supporting sustainable transport. Our various asset classes are benefiting from developments in infrastructures  e-commerce  and intermodal logistics as they keep pace with the expectations of consumers  industrial groups  public authorities  lenders and investors around green transport. UPCOMING EVENTS March 22  2023: Presentation of the annual results at Hotel des Arts & Métiers  Paris 75016March 23  2023: Video conference call to present the annual results in English May 15  2023: Q1 2023 revenue from activitiesJune 14  2023: Annual General Meeting TOUAX Group leases out tangible assets (freight railcars  river barges and containers) on a daily basis worldwide  both on its own account and for investors. With €1.3 billion of assets under management  TOUAX is one of the leading European players in the leasing of such equipment. TOUAX is listed on the EURONEXT stock market in Paris - Euronext Paris Compartment C (ISIN code: FR0000033003) - and is listed on the CAC® Small  CAC® Mid & Small and EnterNext©PEA-PME 150 indices. For further information please visit: www.touax.com Contacts: TOUAX ACTIFIN Fabrice & Raphaël Walewski Ghislaine Gasparetto touax@touax.com ggasparetto@actifin.fr www.touax.com Tel: +33 1 56 88 11 11 Tel: +33 1 46 96 18 00 APPENDICES 1 – Analysis of revenue from activities Restated Revenue from activities Q1 2022Q2 2022Q3 2022Q4 2022TOTAL 2022Q1 2021Q2 2021Q3 2021Q4 2021TOTAL 2021(in € thousand) Leasing revenue on owned equipment 15 509 16 909 17 178 17 530 67 126 13 229 13 633 14 480 15 351 56 693 Ancillary services 5 732 4 884 7 390 6 607 24 613 2 745 3 747 5 530 7 357 19 379 Total leasing activity 21 241 21 793 24 568 24 137 91 739 15 974 17 380 20 010 22 708 76 072 Sales of owned equipment 14 862 14 249 15 392 14 282 58 785 7 085 8 328 9 132 15 781 40 326 Total sales of equipment 14 862 14 249 15 392 14 282 58 785 7 085 8 328 9 132 15 781 40 326 Total of owned activity 36 103 36 042 39 960 38 419 150 524 23 059 25 708 29 142 38 489 116 398 Syndication fees 0 2 522 65 150 2 737 17 946 48 1 992 3 003 Management fees 978 986 1 083 1 655 4 702 897 891 895 958 3 641 Sales fees 336 1 349 801 999 3 485 591 358 181 236 1 366 Total of management activity 1 314 4 857 1 949 2 804 10 924 1 505 2 195 1 124 3 186 8 010 Other capital gains on disposals 0 0 6 2 8 0 6 0 552 558 Total Others 0 0 6 2 8 0 6 0 552 558 Total Revenue from activities 37 417 40 899 41 915 41 225 161 456 24 564 27 909 30 266 42 227 124 966 2 - Table showing the transition from summary accounting presentation to restated presentation Revenue from activities 2022RestatementRestated 20222021RestatementRestated 2021(in € thousand) Leasing revenue on owned equipment 67 126 67 126 56 693 56 693 Ancillary services 32 729 -8 116 24 613 20 879 -1 500 19 379 Total leasing activity 99 855 -8 116 91 739 77 572 -1 500 76 072 Sales of owned equipment 58 785 58 785 40 326 40 326 Total sales of equipment 58 785 58 785 40 326 40 326 Total of owned activity 158 640 -8 116 150 524 117 898 -1 500 116 398 Leasing revenue on managed equipment 44 399 -44 399 0 44 328 -44 328 0 Syndication fees 2 737 2 737 3 003 3 003 Management fees 1 285 3 417 4 702 721 2 920 3 641 Sales fees 3 485 3 485 1 366 1 366 Total of management activity 51 906 -40 982 10 924 49 418 -41 408 8 010 Other capital gains on disposals 8 8 558 558 Total Others 8 0 8 558 0 558 Total Revenue from activities 210 554 -49 098 161 456 167 874 -42 908 124 966 3 - Breakdown of restated revenue from activities by division Restated revenue from activities Q1 2022Q2 2022Q3 2022Q4 2022TOTAL 2022Q1 2021Q2 2021Q3 2021Q4 2021TOTAL 2021(in € thousand) Leasing revenue on owned equipment 10 544 11 142 11 292 11 768 44 746 9 152 9 223 10 123 10 779 39 277 Ancillary services 1 858 1 177 1 820 2 564 7 419 1 873 1 724 1 951 1 584 7 132 Total leasing activity 12 402 12 319 13 112 14 332 52 165 11 025 10 947 12 074 12 363 46 409 Sales of owned equipment 110 238 369 833 1 550 320 403 162 641 1 526 Total sales of equipment 110 238 369 833 1 550 320 403 162 641 1 526 Total of owned activity 12 512 12 557 13 481 15 165 53 715 11 345 11 350 12 236 13 004 47 935 Syndication fees 0 446 1 0 447 0 0 0 570 570 Management fees 466 451 507 557 1 981 463 470 451 440 1 824 Total of management activity 466 897 508 557 2 428 463 470 451 1 010 2 394 Total Freight railcars 12 978 13 454 13 989 15 722 56 143 11 808 11 820 12 687 14 014 50 329 Leasing revenue on owned equipment 1 619 1 789 1 869 1 821 7 098 1 688 1 745 1 770 1 626 6 829 Ancillary services 1 807 2 385 3 788 2 319 10 299 683 972 1 286 2 272 5 213 Total leasing activity 3 426 4 174 5 657 4 140 17 397 2 371 2 717 3 056 3 898 12 042 Sales of owned equipment 0 0 0 16 16 41 0 0 0 41 Total sales of equipment 0 0 0 16 16 41 0 0 0 41 Total of owned activity 3 426 4 174 5 657 4 156 17 413 2 412 2 717 3 056 3 898 12 083 Syndication fees 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 710 710 Management fees 14 5 11 11 41 6 6 5 6 23 Total of management activity 14 5 11 11 41 6 6 5 716 733 Total River Barges 3 440 4 179 5 668 4 167 17 454 2 418 2 723 3 061 4 614 12 816 Leasing revenue on owned equipment 3 342 3 973 4 013 3 935 15 263 2 384 2 654 2 572 2 937 10 547 Ancillary services 2 070 1 325 1 779 1 722 6 896 191 1 054 2 297 3 995 7 537 Total leasing activity 5 412 5 298 5 792 5 657 22 159 2 575 3 708 4 869 6 932 18 084 Sales of owned equipment 13 205 12 575 12 967 12 085 50 832 3 480 3 524 5 991 11 696 24 691 Total sales of equipment 13 205 12 575 12 967 12 085 50 832 3 480 3 524 5 991 11 696 24 691 Total of owned activity 18 617 17 873 18 759 17 742 72 991 6 055 7 232 10 860 18 628 42 775 Syndication fees 0 2 076 64 150 2 290 17 946 48 712 1 723 Management fees 498 530 565 1 087 2 680 428 415 439 512 1 794 Sales fees 336 1 349 801 999 3 485 591 358 181 236 1 366 Total of management activity 834 3 955 1 430 2 236 8 455 1 036 1 719 668 1 460 4 883 Total Containers 19 451 21 828 20 189 19 978 81 446 7 091 8 951 11 528 20 088 47 658 Leasing revenue on owned equipment 4 5 4 6 19 5 11 15 9 40 Ancillary services -3 -3 3 2 -1 -2 -3 -4 -494 -503 Total leasing activity 1 2 7 8 18 3 8 11 -485 -463 Sales of owned equipment 1 547 1 436 2 056 1 348 6 387 3 244 4 401 2 979 3 444 14 068 Total sales of equipment 1 547 1 436 2 056 1 348 6 387 3 244 4 401 2 979 3 444 14 068 Total of owned activity 1 548 1 438 2 063 1 356 6 405 3 247 4 409 2 990 2 959 13 605 Other capital gains on disposals 0 0 6 2 8 0 6 0 552 558 Total Others 0 0 6 2 8 0 6 0 552 558 Total Miscellaneous & eliminations 1 548 1 438 2 069 1 358 6 413 3 247 4 415 2 990 3 511 14 163 Total Restated revenue from activities 37 417 40 899 41 915 41 225 161 456 24 564 27 909 30 266 42 227 124 9661 The market value is calculated by independent experts  based 50% on the replacement value and 50% on the value-in-use for railcars  the value-in-use for containers and the replacement value for river barges with the exception of a long-term contract in South America for which the value-in-use was used. This market value is substituted for the net book value when calculating the net asset value. Attachment EN TOUAX PR - FY 2022 ResultsAll news about TOUAX SCA 03/22 Touax : Investor presentation TOUAX 2022 Results PU 03/22 Touax : 2022 RESULTS Growth in business volume and in operating profitability GL 03/14 Touax : Containers committed to sustainable finance PU 02/28 Touax : Touax Containers committed to sustainable finance GL 02/28 Touax : Touax Containers committed to sustainable finance AQ 01/13 Touax : Biannual newsletter Touax Newsletter #10 PU 01/03 Touax : Half-year statement of the liquidity contract with Gilbert Dupont stockbrockers GL 01/03 Touax : Half-year statement of the liquidity contract with Gilbert Dupont stockbrockers GL 2022 Touax : Growth in business activity at end-September 2022 GL 2022 Touax : Growth in business activity at end-September 2022 GL",neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,positive,0.83,0.17,0.0,True,English,"['2022 RESULTS Growth', 'business volume', 'operating profitability', 'Touax', 'consolidated gross financial debt', 'investor fleet management fees', 'multiple email addresses', 'OPERATIONAL LEASING SOLUTION', 'deeply subordinated bonds', 'quality logistics assets', 'intangible fixed assets', 'PRESS RELEASE Paris', 'rising interest rates', 'net equipment acquisitions', 'strong operating performance', 'Total non-current assets', 'Net financial debt', 'net book value', 'consolidated financial statements', 'IFRS income statement', 'STRONG BUSINESS GROWTH', 'Operating cash flow', 'operating profitability Growth', 'Freight Railcars division', 'Total shareholders’ equity', 'The Group share', 'investor equipment', 'Total assets', 'financial expenses', 'financial liabilities', 'Financial result', 'syndication fees', 'management business', 'net income', 'Operating income', 'Consolidated EBITDA', 'related interest', 'utilization rates', 'Management Board', 'third-party management', 'new assets', 'market value', 'net profit', 'business volume', 'business model', 'Rental income', '2022 RESULTS Growth', 'SUSTAINABLE TRANSPORTATION', 'distribution policy', 'good results', 'Relevant investments', 'long-term leases', 'recurrent revenues', 'General Meeting', 'Raphael Walewski', 'managing partners', 'Russian-Ukrainian war', 'hybrid capital', 'balance sheet', 'Supervisory Board', 'ACCOUNTING ITEMS', 'Key figures', 'less goodwill', 'key indicators', 'direct reading', 'constant scope', 'rental turnover', 'high level', 'Value ratio', 'activities’ performance', 'new presentation', 'accounting presentation', 'First name', 'EBITDA growth', 'Touax SCA', 'new EuroPP', 'last year', 'Corporate tax', 'agent form', 'container trading', 'river barge', 'activity report', 'additional revenue', 'Touax Group', 'sales commissions', '2 EBITDA', '46pm', 'commas', 'Message', 'fields', 'March', '1.1 million', 'Return', 'resilience', 'June', 'dividends', 'pay-out', '10 cents', 'Fabrice', 'factors', 'inflation', 'end-December', 'increase', 'repayment', 'TSSDI', 'provision', 'coupons', 'portion', 'NAV1', 'period', 'auditing', 'Containers', 'Miscellaneous', 'eliminations', 'taxes', '6 Earnings', 'Loan', 'recourse', '31 Dec', 'understanding', 'distinction', 'impact', 'appendix', 'full-year', 'currency', 'dynamism', 'ANALYSIS', 'CONTRIBUTIONS', '5.45', '€', '7.5']",2023-03-22,2023-03-23,marketscreener.com
21166,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/SCATEC-ASA-18138342/news/Scatec-Recommendations-by-the-Nomination-Committee-to-the-AGM-2023-43306669/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230322,Scatec : Recommendations by the Nomination Committee to the AGM 2023,(marketscreener.com)   RECOMMENDATIONS BY THE NOMINATION COMMITTEE   To the Annual General Meeting in Scatec ASA on 18 April 2023   The work of the Nomination Committee   The Nomination Committee of Scatec ASA consists of:    Kristine Ryssdal …,"Scatec : Recommendations by the Nomination Committee to the AGM 2023 03/22/2023 | 04:01am EDT Send by mail :Name : First name : From * : To * : (You can enter multiple email addresses separated by commas) Message : * Required fields RECOMMENDATIONS BY THE NOMINATION COMMITTEE To the Annual General Meeting (AGM) in Scatec ASA on 18 April 2023 The work of the Nomination Committee The Nomination Committee of Scatec ASA consists of: Kristine Ryssdal (Chair)Svein HøgsetMads HolmAnnie Golden Bersagel Information and contact details of the members are available on the Company's website  Board of Directors - Scatec. Equinor and Folketrygdfondet are large shareholders in Scatec and are represented in the Nomination Committee by Mads Holm and Annie Golden Bersagel  respectively. The Nomination Committee has performed its work in accordance with the Instructions for the Nomination Committee latest updated and approved by the Annual General Meeting of Scatec ASA 29 April 2022 and in accordance with the recommendations of the Norwegian Corporate Governance Board (""NCBG"" or ""NUES""). The Nomination Committee has conducted a thorough evaluation of the Board through individual dialogues with the Chair of the Board  the individual Board members and the President & CEO of the Company. The Committee has also been presented with the Board's own evaluation of its work. The Nomination Committee has contacted the Company's largest Norwegian and foreign shareholders with known addresses with an invitation to provide input and comments on the composition of and potential new candidates to the Board and the Nomination Committee. In addition  all shareholders are encouraged to give their views on the composition of the Board and the Nomination Committee  as well as remuneration  through the Company's website. The Nomination Committee is of the view that the Board of Scatec overall needs broad and varied competence aligned with the strategy and organisation of the Company. Relevant competence includes experience from energy  industry  international activities in developed and emerging economies  finance and capital markets  transformation  sustainability and organisational development. The need for continuity and experience with Scatec is balanced towards the need for gradual renewal of the Board over time. The Nomination Committee has assessed and interviewed several candidates for the Board. The recommendations from the Nominations Committee are unanimous. Item 1 - Election of Board members As at the date of this recommendation  the Board has the following members: • John Andersen (Chair) until 2024 • Jan Skogseth until 2024 • Maria Moræus Hanssen until 2024 • Mette Krogsrud until 2024 • Espen Gundersen until 2024 1 • Gisele Marchand until 2023 • Jørgen Kildahl until 2023 The Nomination Committee proposes re-election of a two-year term for Gisele Marchand and Jørgen Kildahl. John Andersen is not up for re-election and the Nomination Committee proposes that he continues as Chair until 2024. Maria Moræus Hansen  Mette Krogsrud and Espen Gundersen are not up for election and the Nomination Committee proposes that they continue as Board members until 2024. Jan Skogseth has decided to resign from the Board with effect from the Annual General Meeting. The Nomination Committee proposes to elect Morten Henriksen as a new Board member for a two-year term. John Andersen (born 1967) is currently the CEO of Scatec Innovation AS  and former COO of the REC Group  where he held several top management positions during his 12 years in the company. He has deep expertise in renewable energy and sustainability. Prior to REC  Andersen worked in Borregaard Industrier. Andersen is chair of the board of Norsk Titanium AS  a listed company in the Scatec Innovation portfolio. He is also chair of the board of privately held companies in the Scatec Innovation portfolio  including REEtec AS  NorSun AS  TEGma AS and Thor Medical AS. Education: Master of Business and Economics from BI Norwegian Business School. John Andersen was elected as director in Scatec in 2013  and Chair in 2014. He is Chair of the Organisation and Remuneration Committee. John Andersen is independent of the Company's executive management and material business contacts. Nationality: Norwegian. Andersen has participated in 12 of 12 Board meetings since the last AGM. Related parties of Andersen control 14 132 339 shares in Scatec ASA. Gisele Marchand (born 1958) is a full time non-executive director since 2018. She has top executive experience as CEO of the law firm Haavind  Eksportfinans ASA and the Government Pension fund. She was former EVP in DNB ASA responsible for the private and corporate market in Norway. Marchand is chair of the board in one listed company  Gjensidige Forsikring ASA  and director of the board in one additional listed company  Selvaag Bolig ASA. She is also chair of the board in Boligbygg Oslo Kf  Nationaltheateret AS and Norgesgruppen Finans Holding AS  and director of the board of Eiendomsspar AS  Victoria Eiendom AS and Norgesgruppen ASA. She is also a member of the nomination committee for the listed company Entra ASA. Education: Bachelor of Business from Copenhagen Business School. Marchand was elected as director in Scatec in 2017. She is also Chair of the Audit Committee. Marchand is independent of the Company's main shareholders and the Company's executive management and material business contacts. Nationality: Norwegian. Marchand has participated in 12 of 12 Board meetings since the last AGM. Number of shares in Scatec ASA: 3.586. Maria Moræus Hanssen (born 1965) has extensive experience from the international oil and gas industry  including 4 years as CEO of DEA AG (Hamburg) and ENGIE E&P International SA (Paris). She has previously held executive positions in Norsk Hydro  Statoil (Equinor) and Aker ASA. Up until 1 January 2020  Moræus Hanssen was the COO and deputy CEO in the merged Wintershall Dea AG. Moræus Hanssen is a board director in two listed companies: SLB Limited and Alfa Laval AB. She is the board chair for Wastefront AS  WINNS AS  and National Museum of Art  Architecture and Design  and a director of the board in Eco Stor AS and Morrow Batteries AS. Education: Master of Petroleum Engineering from Norwegian University of Science and Technology and Master of Petroleum Economics from IFP School. Moræus Hanssen was elected as director in Scatec in 2020. Moræus Hanssen is independent of the Company's main shareholders and the Company's executive management and material business contacts. Nationality: Norwegian. Moræus Hanssen has participated in 11 of 12 Board meetings since the last AGM. Number of shares in Scatec ASA: 8 540. 2 Jørgen Kildahl (born 1963) is currently Senior Advisor in Energy Infrastructure Partners  and has extensive leadership experience from the energy sector  including 5 years as EVP in E.ON SE and 11 years in Statkraft AS  including 6 years as CEO of Statkraft Energi AS. Kildahl is a director of the board in two listed companies: Ørsted AS and Telenor ASA. He is also a director of the board of Alpiq AG. In the period 2010-2015 he held various positions in E.ON's group management  in addition to holding several board positions in the same group. Education: MSc in Economics and MBA from the Norwegian School of Economics  and Advanced Management Program at Harvard Business School. Kildahl was elected as Board member in Scatec in 2021. Kildahl is independent of the Company's main shareholders and the Company's executive management and material business contacts. Nationality: Norwegian. Kildahl has participated in 12 of 12 Board meetings since the last AGM. Number of shares in Scatec ASA: 3 000. Mette Krogsrud (born 1968) is currently Consultant in Spencer Stuart International and previously served as EVP People & Corporate Affairs at Schibsted ASA (2019-2022). She has more than 25 years of leadership experience from a broad range of roles across industries including former positions as Managing Director Norway for Korn Ferry International (2015-2019)  Investment Director and Group Director of Organization in Ard Group (2011-2014) and various positions in Elopak  SATS and Dyno Industrier. Education: MSc (""Siviløkonom"") from Norwegian School of Economics and Business Administration in Bergen (""NHH"") and MSc in Organisational Change from Ashridge/Hult Business School  UK. Krogsrud is independent of the Company's main shareholders and the Company's executive management and material business contacts. Nationality: Norwegian. Krogsrud has participated in 12 of 12 Board meetings since the last AGM. Number of shares in Scatec ASA:1 000. Espen Gundersen (born 1964) has had several positions within Tomra Systems ASA from 1999 to 2022  including CFO from 2003 and deputy CEO from 2009. He played a key role in the international growth and expansion of Tomra. He has previous experience in various positions in Selmer ASA and Arthur Andersen. He is a board member in three other listed companies: Kitron ASA (since 2017) where he also chairs the audit committee  Hexagon Purus ASA (since 2020) where he also chairs the audit and compensation committees and Kid ASA. He has previous board experience from Mesta ASA and various Tomra subsidiaries. Education: MBA from the Norwegian School of Management  Oslo and Certified Public Accountant from the Norwegian School of Economics and Business Administration in Bergen. Gundersen is independent of the Company's main shareholders and the Company's executive management and material business contacts. Nationality: Norwegian. Gundersen has participated in 11 of 12 Board meetings since the last AGM. Number of shares in Scatec ASA:10 000. Morten Henriksen (born 1968) will take up the position as CEO of Gassnova SF 1 May 2023. He is former EVP of Arendals Fossekompani ASA where he led several industrial acquisitions and an IPO on Euronext Growth. From previous positions he has vast experience from energy projects globally  having worked across the electricity value chain ranging from power production to transmission & distribution and electricity markets. This work includes assignments in several countries in Asia  Latin America and Africa. He has also held several board positions both in industrial companies like Volue  EFD induction and Tekna Holding  but also publicly owned companies like Investinor and Siva. Henriksen is a board member in one listed company  Kongsberg Gruppen ASA  where he also chairs the audit committee. Henriksen is independent of the Company's executive management and material business contacts. Nationality: Norwegian. Number of shares in Scatec ASA: 2 000. Henriksen will bring relevant experience to the Board. He has a strong technical background with broad experience from international project leadership in the energy space with strong exposure to emerging markets as well as solid commercial experience as further described above. 3 Scatec has over the past years experienced significant growth  and the Company has a continued international growth strategy for the coming years. Scatec has expanded its strategic focus area from being a solar company  to also include hydropower wind power and storage  and hydrogen and green ammonia  thereby becoming a broader renewable energy company. The Nomination Committee is of the view that the proposal for Board members overall represents a composition with relevant competence and experience well suited for the Company. The composition of the proposed Board meets the requirements of the Nomination Committee instructions and the recommendations of the Norwegian Corporate Governance Board (""NCBG"" or ""NUES""). Several board members meet the requirements to be a member of the audit committee including qualifications within accounting and audit. Proposed resolutions: Gisele Marchand is re-elected for a two-year term until the Annual General Meeting in 2024. Jørgen Kildahl is re-elected for a two-year term until the Annual General Meeting in 2024. Morten Henriksen is elected as a new board member for a two-year term until the Annual General Meeting in 2024  replacing Jan Skogseth who has decided to resign from the Board of Directors with effect from the Annual General Meeting. Voting will accordingly take place separately for each of the two members up for re-election  as well as for the proposed new member of the Board of Directors. Based on the Nomination Committee's proposal  the Board of Directors of the Company will following the election consist of: John Andersen (Chairperson) until 2024 Maria Moræus Hanssen until 2024 Mette Krogsrud until 2024 Espen Gundersen until 2024 Gisele Marchand until 2025 Jørgen Kildahl until 2025 Morten Henriksen until 2025 Item 2 - Remuneration to the Board At the Annual General Meeting in 2022  it was resolved that the Chair of the Board should receive remuneration of NOK 557 000  whilst each Director should receive remuneration of NOK 357 000 per year. The Board members are required to invest at least 20% of the gross remuneration in shares in the Company  until they have shares of a total value corresponding to one year of their gross remuneration. The Nomination Committee is of the view that remuneration of the Board should be competitive and aligned with the level in relevant listed publicly traded companies in Norway. Independent benchmark studies are taken into account. The Nomination Committee proposes an increase of approximately 5 percent to the Board remuneration. Proposed resolution: The annual compensation from the annual general meeting in 2023 until the annual general meeting in 2024 shall be: 4 The Chair of the Board of Directors NOK 585 000 per year Directors of the Board of Directors NOK 375 000 per year Requirements for investment in the Company for parts of the annual remuneration: The members of the Board must use 20% of the gross board remuneration (excl. remuneration for committee work) to purchase shares in the Company until they (including their personal close associates/companies under their control) own shares of a value corresponding to one year's gross board remuneration (excl. remuneration for committee work).The purchase of shares shall take place in accordance with applicable statutes and regulations for primary insider trading and the company's primary insider manual. The purchase may be spread over time  but must be completed prior to the 2024 Annual General Meeting and constitute at least 20% of the gross board remuneration.The shares must be retained for as long as the Board member holds the position. Holdings exceeding one year's board remuneration are not subject to this requirement.The Nomination Committee shall monitor compliance with the share purchase scheme  and this will be a part of the Committee's assessment of candidates for election to subsequent periods. The following meeting allowance for attendance in Board meetings in Norway for Board members who reside outside of Norway is introduced: NOK 22 500 per meeting. Item 3 - Remuneration to the members of the Audit Committee and the Organisation and Remuneration Committee. At the AGM in 2022 it was resolved that the Chair of the Audit Committee would receive annual remuneration of NOK 150 000  the members of the Audit Committee would receive annual remuneration of NOK 90 000  the Chair of the Organisation and Remuneration Committee would receive annual compensation of NOK 75 000 and the members would receive annual compensation of NOK 55 000. The Nomination Committee proposes an increase of approximately 5 percent to the remuneration of the members of the committees. Proposed Resolution: The annual compensation from the annual general meeting in 2023 until the annual general meeting in 2024 shall be: The Chair of the Audit Committee NOK 157 500 per year Members of the Audit Committee NOK 94 500 per year The Chair of the Organisation and Remuneration Committee NOK 78 500 per year Members or the Organisation and Remuneration Committee NOK 57 500 per year Item 4 - Remuneration to the Nomination Committee At the annual general meeting in 2022  it was resolved that the Chair of the Nomination Committee would receive an annual compensation of NOK 60 000 and that the members of the Committee would receive an annual compensation of NOK 40 000. The Nomination Committee proposes to increase the fees by approximately 5 percent. 5 Attachments Original LinkOriginal DocumentPermalink Disclaimer Scatec ASA published this content on 22 March 2023 and is solely responsible for the information contained therein. Distributed by Public  unedited and unaltered  on 22 March 2023 08:00:01 UTC.© Publicnow 2023 All news about SCATEC ASA 11:33a Scatec : publishes the Annual Green Finance Report for 2022 PU 06:04a Scatec Draws Down on Loan Facility to Fund Mendubim Solar Project in Brazil MT 03:53a Scatec : Mendubim solar project contributing to Brazil's clean energy frontrunner position PU 03:31a Scatec makes first drawdown under non-recourse loan facility for Mendubim solar project.. GL 03:30a Scatec makes first drawdown under non-recourse loan facility for Mendubim solar project.. AQ 03/22 Scatec's net zero climate targets approved by Science Based Targets initiative AQ 03/22 Scatec : Proposed resolutions for the AGM 2023 PU 03/22 Scatec : Recommendations by the Nomination Committee to the AGM 2023 PU 03/22 Scatec : Guidelines for remuneration of Executive Management 2023 PU 03/22 Scatec : Statement on equality and non-discrimination 2022 PU",neutral,0.04,0.96,0.0,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,True,English,"['Nomination Committee', 'Scatec', 'Recommendations', 'AGM', 'Maria Moræus Hanssen', 'Maria Moræus Hansen', 'Annie Golden Bersagel Information', 'several top management positions', 'Norgesgruppen Finans Holding AS', 'BI Norwegian Business School', 'one additional listed company', 'full time non-executive director', 'Norwegian Corporate Governance Board', 'Annual General Meeting', 'Svein Høgset', 'Jørgen Kildahl', 'Government Pension fund', 'Boligbygg Oslo Kf', 'material business contacts', 'multiple email addresses', 'potential new candidates', 'Norsk Titanium AS', 'Thor Medical AS', 'one listed company', 'Victoria Eiendom AS', 'Gjensidige Forsikring ASA', 'Selvaag Bolig ASA', 'Scatec Innovation portfolio', 'top executive experience', 'Scatec Innovation AS', 'The Nomination Committee', 'new Board member', 'individual Board members', 'several candidates', 'executive management', 'Norgesgruppen ASA', 'corporate market', 'largest Norwegian', 'The Committee', 'individual dialogues', 'known addresses', 'NorSun AS', 'TEGma AS', 'Nationaltheateret AS', 'Eiendomsspar AS', 'Nominations Committee', 'Eksportfinans ASA', 'DNB ASA', 'Kristine Ryssdal', 'Mads Holm', 'contact details', 'varied competence', 'Relevant competence', 'international activities', 'emerging economies', 'capital markets', 'organisational development', 'gradual renewal', 'following members', 'Jan Skogseth', 'Mette Krogsrud', 'Espen Gundersen', 'two-year term', 'Morten Henriksen', 'former COO', 'deep expertise', 'Borregaard Industrier', 'Related parties', 'law firm', 'former EVP', 'Scatec ASA', 'Remuneration Committee', 'Gisele Marchand', 'large shareholders', 'foreign shareholders', 'John Andersen', 'First name', 'thorough evaluation', 'REC Group', 'renewable energy', '12 Board meetings', 'last AGM', 'Recommendations', 'commas', 'Message', 'fields', '18 April', 'work', 'Chair', 'website', 'Directors', 'Equinor', 'Folketrygdfondet', 'accordance', 'Instructions', 'NUES', 'President', 'CEO', 'invitation', 'input', 'comments', 'composition', 'views', 'overall', 'broad', 'strategy', 'industry', 'developed', 'finance', 'transformation', 'sustainability', 'need', 'continuity', 'Item', 'Election', 'effect', '12 years', 'privately', 'companies', 'Education', 'Master', 'Economics', 'Nationality', '14,132,339 shares', 'Haavind', 'Norway']",2023-03-22,2023-03-23,marketscreener.com
21167,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/AUBAY-4706/news/Aubay-2022-annual-results-Objectives-fully-achieved-Operating-margin-from-ordinary-activities-43313023/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230322,Aubay :  2022 annual results: Objectives fully achieved Operating margin from ordinary activities: 10.4% - Net income attributable to owners of the parent: EUR 35.6 million - Net cash: EUR 83.4 million,(marketscreener.com)  In € thousands20222021ChangeRevenue513 547470 601+9.1%Operating profit from ordinary activities53 16849 927+6.5%As a % of revenue10.4%10.6% Cost of performance shares Other operating income and expenses…,"In € thousands 2022 2021 Change Revenue 513 547 470 601 +9.1% Operating profit from ordinary activities 53 168 49 927 +6.5% As a % of revenue 10.4% 10.6% Cost of performance shares (1 606) (1 489) Other operating income and expenses (1 478) (1 120) Operating profit 50 084 47 318 +5.8% Financial income/(expense) (681) 84 Tax (expense)/income (13 774) (12 921) Net income from consolidated companies 35 629 34 481 +3.3% As a % of revenue 6.9% 7.3% Net income attributable to owners of the parent 35 629 34 409 Earnings per share €2.69 €2.60 Headcount 7 819 7 306 +7.0% Net cash 83 410 74 832 +11.5%Aubay's Board of Directors  which met on March 22  2023 under Chairman Christian Aubert  approved the statutory and consolidated financial statements for 2022. The financial statements have been audited by the Statutory Auditors and the auditors' report will be issued once the procedures required to publish the company's Universal Registration Document have been completed.2022 was remarkable in every aspect. Aubay fully met all its targets for growth  profitability  recruitment and cash generation.Operating margin from ordinary activities at 10.4%  at the higher end of the forecast rangeAfter passing the €500 million mark in revenue  Aubay crossed the symbolic threshold of €50 million in operating profit from ordinary activities to reach €53.2 million. Despite a negative two-day calendar impact in the second half of the year  the operating margin of 10.4% was at the high end of the range communicated when the annual results were published. The Group's operating margin from ordinary activities for the period came in at 9.6% for activities in France and 11.2% for activities overseas  compared with 9.6% and 11.6%  respectively  in 2021.Operating profit: €50.1 millionOperating profit came to €50.1 million  an increase of 5.8% and passing a new mark. This result takes into account the cost of performance shares for €1.6 million and a net expense of €1.5 million under “Other operating income and expenses”  primarily comprising restructuring expenses. The operating margin was 9.8%  among the best in the sector.Net income  Group share: a new recordNet income  Group share also reached a new record at €35.6 million  representing 6.9% of revenue. This result takes into account a tax expense of €13.8 million  representing an effective tax rate of 28% compared with 27% in 2021.Net cash (excluding rental liabilities) rose to €83.4 millionThe Group's financial position was strengthened in 2022 thanks to excellent generation of cash from operating activities of €33.9 million  a superb performance given the strong increase in revenue. As a result  net cash increased from €74.8 million at December 31  2021 to €83.4 million at December 31  2022  after payment of dividends amounting to €16.7 million.Proposed dividend of €1.20 per shareIn light of this remarkable performance and the Group' excellent financial position  the Board of Directors has decided to propose a dividend of €1.20 per share in respect of 2022 to the Annual General Meeting to be held on May 16  2023  representing a payout ratio of 45% of net income. Taking into account the interim dividend of €0.50 per share paid on November 10  2022  the balance to be paid will amount to €0.70 per share.Outlook for 2023Aubay expects to achieve organic revenue growth of between 5% and 7% in 2023  i.e.  a range of €540 million to €550 million  despite a very unfavorable calendar effect (two less billable days than in 2022).Operating margin from ordinary activities is expected to be between 9.5% and 10.5%.In a market that is tending to normalize  Aubay is confident in its ability to maintain sustainable growth in revenue while maintaining a solid operating margin.Aubay will publish its 2023 first-quarter revenue on April 20  2023 after the close of trading.GlossaryOrganic revenue growth: This refers to growth calculated for a constant scope of activity for a given period  excluding revenues from companies that were acquired or sold during the period. As Aubay conducts most of its business in the euro zone  any impact from changes in exchange rates is minimal.2022 Organic growth +9.1% Impact of changes in scope - Growth as reported +9.1%Operating profit from ordinary activities: this indicator corresponds to operating profit before the cost of free shares and other income and expenses that are unusual  abnormal or infrequent and that are booked separately in order to facilitate understanding of an entity's recurring operating performance.Operating margin from ordinary activities: this indicator  which is expressed as a percentage  is the ratio of operating income from ordinary activities to revenue.Net debt or net cash (excluding rental liabilities): this indicator represents the difference between an entity's cash and debt. If the result is negative  it is referred to as net debt. If it is positive  it is referred to as net cash.About AubayAubay is a digital services company working alongside some of the biggest names in the Banking  Finance  Insurance  Manufacturing  Energy  Transport and Telecoms sectors. With 7 819 employees (31.12.2022)  in seven countries (France  Belgium  Luxembourg  Italy  Spain  Portugal and the United Kingdom)  Aubay generated revenue of €513.5 million in 2022.Euronext  Compartment: B - ISIN FR0000063737-AUB - Reuters : AUBT.PA - Bloomberg AUB:FPContactsAmaury Dugast – Actus Finance – Tel.: +33 (0)1 53 67 36 74 - adugast@actus.frDavid Fuks – Co-Chief Operating Officer – Finance Department – Tel.: +33 (0)1 46 10 67 67 – E-mail: dfuks@aubay.comAPPENDICESStatement of financial position as of December 31  202 2 ASSETS (in € thousands) Dec. 31  2022 Dec. 31  2021 Goodwill 131 305 131 305 Intangible assets 597 917 Property  plant & equipment 4 978 4 156 Right of use relating to leases 13 850 14 152 Equity-accounted investees - - Other financial assets 2 053 2 102 Deferred tax assets 2 603 2 653 Other non-current assets 1 782 354 NON-CURRENT ASSETS 157 168 155 639 Inventories and work in progress 926 491 Assets on contracts 35 458 32 127 Trade receivables 121 473 111 359 Other receivables and accruals 38 510 37 082 Marketable securities 40 272 1 026 Cash at bank and in hand 45 581 78 461 CURRENT ASSETS 282 220 260 546 TOTAL ASSETS 439 388 416 185 EQUITY AND LIABILITIES (in € thousands) Dec. 31  2022 Dec. 31  2021 Capital 6 634 6 611 Additional paid-in capital and consolidated reserves 208 443 188 740 Net income attributable to owners of the parent 35 629 34 409 Shareholders' equity attributable to the Group 250 706 229 760 Minority interests 0 191 SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY 250 706 229 951 Borrowings and financial liabilities: non-current portion 1 611 2 155 Rental liabilities due in more than 1 year 9 720 10 198 Deferred tax liabilities 1 1 Provisions for contingencies and expenses 6 600 6 924 Other non-current liabilities 259 74 NON-CURRENT LIABILITIES 18 191 19 352 Borrowings and financial liabilities: current portion 832 2 500 Rental liabilities due within 1 year 4 555 4 366 Trade and other payables 39 104 35 981 Contract liabilities 19 198 19 913 Other current liabilities 106 802 104 122 CURRENT LIABILITIES 170 491 166 882 TOTAL EQUITY AND LIABILITIES 439 388 416 185Income statement for 2022 In € thousands 2022 % 2021 % Revenue 513 547 100% 470 601 100% Other operating income 733 409 Purchases used in production and external charges (118 959) (99 319) Staff costs (329 662) (310 482) Taxes other than on income (4 247) (3 963) Amortization  depreciation and provisions (7 842) (7 558) Change in inventories of work in progress and finished goods Other operating income and expenses (402) 239 Operating profit from ordinary activities 53 168 10.4% 49 927 10.6% Expenses linked to restricted share units and similar awards (1 606) (1 489) Current operating profit 51 562 10.0% 48 438 10.3% Other operating income and expenses (1 478) (1 120) Operating profit 50 084 9.8% 47 318 10.1% Income from cash and cash equivalents Net borrowing costs (478) (494) Other financial income and expenses (203) 578 Financial income/(expense) (681) 84 Income tax expense (13 774) 28% (12 921) 27% Income from equity-accounted investees Net income before results of discontinued operations or assets held for sale 35 629 34 481 Net income after tax of discontinued operations or assets held for sale Net income 35 629 6.9% 34 481 7.3% Attributable to owners of the parent 35 629 34 409 Minority interests 0 72 Basic weighted average number of shares 13 250 487 13 209 435 Earnings per share 2.69 2.60 Diluted weighted average number of shares 13 330 487 13 283 935 Diluted earnings per share* 2.67 2.59Cash flow statement for 2022 (in € thousands) 2022 2021 Consolidated net income (including non-controlling interests) 35 629 34 481 Income from equity-accounted investees Net depreciation  amortization and provisions and right of use relating to leases 7 600 7 161 Non-cash expenses and income relating to share-based payments 1 606 1 489 Other non-cash items Dividend income (57) Gains and losses on disposals of fixed assets 15 1 Cash flow after net interest expense and tax 44 793 43 132 Net borrowing costs 478 494 Tax expense (including deferred taxes) 13 774 12 921 Cash flow before net interest expense and tax (A) 59 045 56 547 Income tax payments (B) (17 318) (11 485) Change in trade and other receivables (C) (15 157) (13 215) Change in trade and other payables (C) 7 302 13 959 Change in WCR linked to operations (including debt related to employee benefits) (7 855) 744 Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities (D) = (A+B+C) 33 872 45 806 Outflows for the acquisition of tangible and intangible fixed assets (2 376) (1 034) Inflows from the disposal of tangible and intangible fixed assets 68 Outflows for the acquisition of financial assets (4) Inflows from the disposal of financial assets Change in loans and advances granted 24 99 Disbursements (cash) related to business combinations  net of cash and cash equivalents Dividends received 57 Other operating cash flows Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities (E) (2 231) (935) Proceeds from capital increases Amounts received upon the exercise of stock options Purchases of treasury shares for cancellation Purchases of and proceeds from the sale of treasury shares Dividends paid in the period: - Net dividends paid to parent company shareholders (16 701) (8 851) - Dividends paid to the non-controlling shareholders of consolidated companies (44) (25) Inflows from new borrowings Repayment of loan debt (1 806) (3 374) Repayment of rental liabilities (5 541) (5 323) Net interest payments (478) (494) Purchase of non-controlling minority interests (258) Other financial cash flows Net cash provided by (used in) financial activities (F) (24 828) (18 067) Effects of changes in foreign exchange rates (G) (30) 47 Change in net cash (D+E+F+G) 6 783 26 851 Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of the period 79 056 52 205 Cash and cash equivalents at end of period 85 839 79 056This publication embed ""🔒 Actusnews SECURITY MASTER "".- SECURITY MASTER Key: x5xxk5VvZZedmZ1qlMZla5NnapxmlpOVbJebk2RxlZ6ZaG5nnJdjbMrJZnBqlWZs- Check this key: https://www.security-master-key.com.Regulated information:Inside Information:- News release on accounts  results Full and original press release in PDF: https://www.actusnews.com/news/79016-aubay-ra-2022_veng.pdfReceive by email the next press releases of the company by registering on www.actusnews.com  it's free© 2023 ActusNews",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.57,0.06,0.37,True,English,"['2022 annual results', 'Operating margin', 'ordinary activities', 'Net income', 'Net cash', 'Aubay', 'Objectives', 'owners', 'parent', 'negative two-day calendar impact', ""Group' excellent financial position"", 'unfavorable calendar effect', 'Chairman Christian Aubert', 'Universal Registration Document', 'less billable days', 'Annual General Meeting', 'effective tax rate', 'digital services company', 'consolidated financial statements', 'recurring operating performance', 'solid operating margin', 'Other operating income', 'organic revenue growth', 'excellent generation', 'other income', 'Financial income', '2022 Organic growth', 'annual results', 'The Group', 'performance shares', 'superb performance', 'remarkable performance', 'Net income', 'Operating profit', 'operating activities', 'consolidated companies', ""auditors' report"", 'higher end', '€500 million mark', 'symbolic threshold', 'second half', 'high end', 'new mark', 'new record', 'rental liabilities', 'euro zone', 'exchange rates', 'free shares', 'biggest names', 'sustainable growth', 'ordinary activities', 'Net cash', 'cash generation', 'Group share', 'Net debt', 'Change Revenue', '2023 first-quarter revenue', 'Statutory Auditors', 'net expense', 'tax expense', 'strong increase', 'payout ratio', 'interim dividend', 'constant scope', 'forecast range', 'restructuring expenses', 'thousands', 'Cost', 'owners', 'parent', 'Earnings', 'Headcount', 'Aubay', 'Board', 'Directors', 'March', 'procedures', 'aspect', 'targets', 'profitability', 'recruitment', 'year', 'period', 'France', 'account', 'sector', 'December', 'payment', 'dividends', 'light', 'respect', 'May', 'November', 'balance', 'Outlook', 'market', 'April', 'close', 'trading', 'Glossary', 'activity', 'revenues', 'business', 'changes', 'indicator', 'order', 'understanding', 'entity', 'percentage', 'difference', 'Banking', 'Finance', 'Insurance', 'Manufa', '9.']",2023-03-22,2023-03-23,marketscreener.com
21168,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/BASTIDE-LE-CONFORT-MEDICA-5023/news/Bastide-Le-Confort-Medical-BASTIDE-2022-2023-half-year-results-_-Increase-in-operating-FCF-a-43313323/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230322,Bastide Le Confort Médical :  BASTIDE - 2022-2023 half-year results _ Increase in operating FCF and outlook confirmed,(marketscreener.com)  2022-2023 half-yearly resultsRecurring operating profit up 14.7%Recurring operating margin up 8.6% Increase in operating free cash flow2022-2023 outlook confirmed Caissargues  March 22  2023In € millionsH1 2021-2022H1...ht…,"2022-2023 half-yearly resultsRecurring operating profit up 14.7%Recurring operating margin up 8.6%Increase in operating free cash flow2022-2023 outlook confirmedCaissargues  March 22  2023In € millions H1 2021-2022 H1 2022-2023 Change Revenue 223.1 249.7 +11.9% EBITDA1 46.8 49.9 +6.6% EBITDA margin 21.0% 20.0% Recurring operating profit 18.7 21.5 +14.7% Operating margin before non-recurring items 8.4% 8.6% Operating profit 14.9 18.9 +26.7% Net profit from continuing operations 5.9 8.3 +42.0% Net loss from discontinued operations 0 (5.7) Net profit  Group share 5.6 3.2 -42.3%1 EBITDA = recurring operating profit + net depreciation  amortization and provisions.Groupe Bastide's 2022-2023 half-yearly consolidated financial statements have been subject to a limited review by the Group's Statutory Auditors and were approved by its Board of Directors on March 20  2023. The results presented to analysts will be available on the website on March 23  2023  at 2:30 p.m. The half-yearly financial report will be available on the Group's website www.bastide-groupe.fr before March 31  2023.Revenue up 11.9%Groupe Bastide reported revenue of €249.7 million in first-half 2022-2023  up 11.9%. Organic growth2 came in at 5.0% in line with expectations  despite a drop of more than 56% in sales of personal protective equipment (PPE) due to the end of the health crisis.The more technical business activities (Respiratory  Nutrition-Perfusion-Stomatherapy) maintained strong momentum and recorded revenue of €141.5 million  up 17.0% and up 10.7% on an organic basis. All segments delivered excellent performances  with organic growth at rates of between 8% and 18%.The “Homecare” business came in at €108.2 million  up 5.6% (down 1.4% on an organic basis). Excluding PPE  the business overall grew by 10.5% (up 2.8 on an organic basis).International activities increased in line with the Group's development strategy and now represent more than 18.4% of revenue (compared to 16.3% in first-half 2021-2022).Increase in recurring operating margin despite the inflationary contextIn the first half of the year  Groupe Bastide remained resilient despite the current inflationary context  as illustrated by the increase in its recurring operating margin. This performance confirms the pertinence of our strategic choices as regards our international expansion activities and the shift in our business mix towards activities requiring more technical expertise.EBITDA rose by 6.6% to €49.9 million with a high EBITDA margin of 20.0% despite a negative 150 bps impact related to high inflation  particularly in energy prices  and the 10% price cut in sleep apnea treatment  effective since September 1  2021. ThThanks to the efficient management of net allocations to depreciation and amortization  the Group's recurring operating profit rose by 14.7% to €21.5 million. Recurring operating margin for the period rose to 8.6%  up 20 basis points compared with first-half 2021-2022. This is higher than the minimum 8.3% target announced at the beginning of the year.Operating profit rose by 26.7% to €18.9 million. Non-recurring expenses  which are not as high as in first-half 2021-2022  include acquisition costs and various extraordinary expenses  including restructuring costs.Financial expenses increased to €7.2 million  due to the automatic impact of the increase in interest rates. The average net debt rate (calculated over the last 12 months) came to 3.8%  up from 3.4% the previous year.Net profit from continuing operations increased by a steep 42.0% to €8.3 million  after taking into account a €3.7 million tax expense.Discontinued operations generated a net loss of €5.7 million over the period including a 4.8 M€ write-down related to Care Service non strategic service activities backed to Care Service' software offer.Financial structureCash flow from operations  up by 24.9% at €50.5 million  resulting from cash flow after tax of €43.0 million and an improvement in working capital of €6.1 million. The change in working capital resulted from a return to more normal inventory levels after the one-off increase in 2021-2022 to avoid potential supply shortfalls.Net operating investments  which amounted to €26.7 million  have been well controlled thanks to the actions implemented in this area  and remained almost stable compared to first-half 2021-2022  despite the sharp increase in lease revenue.In the first half of the year  operating free cash flow (cash-flow from operating activities after net cash flow related to PPE and intangible assets and after payment of IFRS 16 lease liabilities)  came to a positive €17.6 million  an increase of nearly €11 million compared with first-half of 2021-2022.During the first half of the year  the Group disbursed €16.3 million in acquisitions  in particular for 4S-Emed  Probace and Oxystore  which were completed during the first half of the year (€7.4 million)  earn-outs (€1.4 million) and minority interest buyouts (€7.5 million).Excluding lease liabilities of €79.1 million  net debt amounted to €322.0 million at December 31  2022 and shareholders' equity to €79.6 million. Cash and cash equivalents stood at €27.3 million. The Group's leverage (net debt3/annual restated EBITDA4 – excluding IFRS 16 impact)  came to 3.88×  in line with expectations and below the authorized leverage of 4.0 at December 31  2022.2022-2023 outlookGroupe Bastide intends to continue its trajectory in the second half of the year and confirms its annual revenue target of around €510 million and a recurring operating margin of over 8.3%.The Group's priorities in the second half of the year will include continuing the improvement in operating free cash flow already visible in the first-half  with the aim of deleveraging and freeing up new financial resources for acquisitions. The Group continues to selectively assess opportunities to accelerate its international diversification and recurring  high value-added activities.3 including debt for future earn-outs for €7m4 EBITDA calculated before IFRS 16 impact and restated according to IAS 17NEXT RESULTS:Publication of third-quarter 2022-2023 revenue onMay 10  2023  after the close of tradingAbout Groupe Bastide Le Confort MédicalCreated in 1977 by Guy Bastide  Groupe Bastide is a leading European provider of home healthcare services. Present in 7 countries  Bastide develops a permanent quality approach and is committed to providing medical devices and associated services that best meet patients' needs in key health areas: diabetes  nutrition  infusion  respiratory care  stomatherapy and urology. Bastide is listed on Euronext Paris (ISIN: FR0000035370  Reuters BATD.PA  - Bloomberg BLC: FP).Groupe Bastide Actus Finance Vincent Bastide/Olivier JourdanneyT. +33 (0)4 66 38 68 08www.bastide-groupe.fr Analyst-InvestorHélène de WattevilleT. +33 (0)1 53 67 36 33 Press – MediaDéborah SchwartzT. +33 (0)1 53 67 36 35IndicatorsEBITDA (€ millions) H1 2021-2022 H1 2022-2023 Recurring operating profit 18.7 21.5 - Net depreciation  amortization and provisions 28.1 28.4 = EBITDA 46.8 49.9Operating free cash flow (€ millions) H1 2021-2022 H1 2022-2023 Cash flow from operating activities 40.4 52.0 - Net cash flow related to PPE and intangible assets (25.1) (25.3) - Lease liabilities repaid (IFRS 16) (8.6) (9.1) = Operating free cash flow 6.7 17.6Appendices – financial statementsBalance sheetASSETS (in thousands of euros) 31/12/2022 30/06/2022 Non-current assets 455 741 445 909 Goodwill 222 850 217 610 Right-of-use lease assets 77 333 81 532 Other intangible assets 8 139 8 470 Property  plant and equipment 130 988 126 166 Equity-accounted investees 63 24 Other non-current financial assets 12 330 8 373 Deferred tax assets 4 039 3 735 Current assets 200 666 186 642 Inventories and work in progress 46 885 48 466 Client and other receivables 72 825 68 019 Other receivables 42 744 40 892 Other current assets 3 208 3 183 Cash and cash equivalents 27 308 22 133 Assets held for sale 7 696 3 949 TOTAL ASSETS 656 408 632 552 SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY AND LIABILITIES (in thousands of euros 31/12/2022 30/06/2022 Share capital 3 310 3 310 Additional paid in capital 9 466 9 466 Retained earnings 66 500 71 788 Equity attributable to owners of the parent company 79 276 84 564 Non-controlling interests 332 2 099 Total shareholders' equity 79 608 86 663 Non-current liabilities 371 197 370 885 Bonds 25 049 49 936 Non-current borrowings and debt 272 742 247 029 Non-current lease liabilities 62 378 66 320 Non-current provisions 2 044 3 405 Deferred tax liabilities 4 417 2 928 Other non-current liabilities 4 566 1 266 Current liabilities 205 603 175 004 Borrowings and short-term bank debt 51 150 39 209 Current lease liabilities 16 698 16 739 Current provisions 754 482 Supplier and other payables 74 150 63 794 Other current liabilities 57 999 53 709 Liabilities held for sale 4 851 1 072 TOTAL SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY AND LIABILITIES 656 408 632 552Profit and Loss statementIn thousands of euros H1 22-23 H1 21-22 Revenue 249 734 223 095 Cost of goods purchased -84 703 -77 724 External costs -41 644 -33 955 Payroll costs -71 930 -62 966 Tax -1 890 -1 944 Depreciation and amortization -29 718 -27 798 (Allocations to)/Reversals of asset impairment and provisions for contingencies and expenses 1 306 -285 Other recurring operating income 298 607 Other recurring operating expenses 0 -330 Recurring operating profit 21 454 18 699 Fair value adjustment of earn-outs -57 -1 290 Other non-recurring operating income 939 1 555 Other non-recurring operating expenses -3 476 -4 072 Operating profit 18 861 14 892 Share in net profit of companies accounted for by the equity method 39 0 Operating profit after share in net profit of companies accounted for by the equity method 18 900 14 892 Income from cash and cash equivalents 0 0 Cost of gross debt -7 233 -5 231 Cost of net debt -7 233 -5 231 Other financial income and expenses 352 444 Profit before tax 12 019 10 106 Income tax expenses -3 698 -4 244 Net profit from continuing operations 8 321 5 862 Net profit from discontinued operations -5 738 0 Net profit 2 583 5 862 O/w: - Attributable to owners of the parent company 3 212 5 565 - Attributable to non-controlling interests -629 298 Net profit attributable to owners of the parent company per share Undiluted (in euros)(*) 0 44 0 76 Diluted (in euros)(**) 0 44 0 76 (*) calculated for different periods based on the number of existing shares: 7 355 519 7 350 928 **) calculated for different periods based on the the number of existing and potential shares: 7 373 737 7 353 693Cash flow statement (in thousands of euros ) At 31 december 2022 At 31 december 2021 Consolidated net profit 2 583 5 862 Net depreciation  amortization and provisions 19 043 19 090 Depreciation of right-of-use lease assets (IFRS 16) 9 441 8 829 Gains and losses linked to changes in fair value 53 1 247 Non-cash expenses and income relating to share-based payments 184 227 Other non-cash items 547 -3 Gains and losses on disposals 342 85 Gains and losses on dilution 0 0 Share in profit of companies accounted for by the equity method 0 0 Dividends on non-consolidated companies -10 -4 Impact of discontinued operations 3 040 Cash flow after cost of net debt and tax 35 224 35 332 Cost of net debt 7 233 5 133 Tax expense (including deferred taxes) 3 701 4 244 Cash flow before cost of net debt and tax 46 157 44 710 Tax paid -3 151 -3 877 Change in WCR linked to operations 6 145 -385 Other cash flows linked to operating activities 0 3 Impact of discontinued operations 2 878 Cash flows from/(used in) operating activities 52 030 40 451 Impact of changes in scope -16 287 -24 471 Acquisition of property  plant & equipment and intangible assets -25 858 -25 840 Disposal of property  plant & equipment and intangible assets 521 739 Acquisition of financial assets -1 259 -105 Disposal of financial assets 112 262 Change in loans and advances -265 -500 Dividends received on non-consolidated shares 10 4 Other cash flows linked to investing activities 0 0 Impact of discontinued operations -26 Cash flows from investing activities -43 053 -49 910 Payment to owners of the parent company from capital increases 7 2 Payment to non-controlling interests from capital increases 0 0 Net sale/(purchase) of treasury shares -2 8 Dividends paid -514 -2 208 Loans issued 26 737 219 034 Repayment of loans -9 506 -198 010 Repayment of lease liabilities (IFRS 16) -9 145 -8 583 Net interest paid -7 007 -5 143 Other cash flows linked to financing activities 431 54 Impact of discontinued operations -128 Cash flows from financing activities 872 5 154 Impact of changes in foreign exchange rates -193 154 Change in cash and cash equivalent 9655 -4 151 Opening cash position 15 200 33 277 Closing cash position 24 855 29 126 Cash and cash equivalent 27 308 29 580 Cash flow liabilities -2 453 -454This publication embed ""🔒 Actusnews SECURITY MASTER "".- SECURITY MASTER Key: mZubYsqbamzInp9rap1naWeZbGZnkpKdbZaYlmacl8iWZ56SxpeSa8abZnBqlWdr- Check this key: https://www.security-master-key.com.Regulated information:Inside Information:- News release on accounts  results Full and original press release in PDF: https://www.actusnews.com/news/79025-rs_2022-2023_eng.pdfReceive by email the next press releases of the company by registering on www.actusnews.com  it's free© 2023 ActusNews",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.41,0.16,0.43,True,English,"['Bastide Le Confort Médical', '2022-2023 half-year results', 'operating FCF', 'Increase', '2022-2023 half-yearly consolidated financial statements', ""Care Service' software offer"", 'average net debt rate', 'operating free cash flow', 'half-yearly financial report', '2022-2023 half-yearly results', 'personal protective equipment', 'sleep apnea treatment', 'normal inventory levels', 'potential supply shortfalls', 'Recurring operating margin', 'negative 150 bps impact', 'minority interest buyouts', 'various extraordinary expenses', 'Recurring operating profit', 'Net operating investments', 'current inflationary context', '€3.7 million tax expense', 'international expansion activities', 'strategic service activities', 'IFRS 16 lease liabilities', 'net cash flow', 'high EBITDA margin', 'technical business activities', '2022-2023 outlook', 'Financial expenses', 'operating activities', 'Financial structure', 'International activities', 'Net profit', 'strategic choices', 'technical expertise', 'high inflation', 'automatic impact', 'Net loss', 'net allocations', 'Non-recurring expenses', 'non-recurring items', 'Groupe Bastide', 'limited review', 'Statutory Auditors', 'Organic growth2', 'health crisis', 'Respiratory, Nutrition-Perfusion-Stomatherapy', 'strong momentum', 'organic basis', 'excellent performances', 'Homecare” business', 'development strategy', 'first half', 'business mix', 'energy prices', '10% price cut', 'efficient management', 'minimum 8.3% target', 'acquisition costs', 'restructuring costs', 'interest rates', 'last 12 months', '4.8 M€ write', 'working capital', 'intangible assets', 'net depreciation', 'lease revenue', 'continuing operations', 'one-off increase', 'sharp increase', 'Group share', 'previous year', 'Change Revenue', '1 EBITDA', 'Caissargues', 'March', 'millions', 'EBITDA1', 'amortization', 'provisions', 'Board', 'Directors', 'analysts', 'website', 'bastide-groupe', 'first-half', 'line', 'expectations', 'drop', 'sales', 'PPE', 'end', 'segments', 'overall', 'pertinence', 'shift', 'September', 'period', 'beginning', 'account', 'Discontinued', 'improvement', 'return', 'actions', 'area', 'payment', 'acquisitions', '4S-Emed', 'Probace', 'Oxystore', 'earn-outs', '2:30']",2023-03-22,2023-03-23,marketscreener.com
21169,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/KENMARE-RESOURCES-PLC-30340902/news/2022-Preliminary-Results-43306164/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230322,2022 Preliminary Results,(marketscreener.com)  Kenmare Resources plc 22 March 2023 2022 PRELIMINARY RESULTS Kenmare Resources plc   one of the leading global producers of titanium minerals and zircon  which operates the Moma Titanium Minerals Mine in northern Mozambique  today annou…,"Homepage Equities United Kingdom London Stock Exchange Kenmare Resources plc News Summary KMR IE00BDC5DG00 KENMARE RESOURCES PLC (KMR) Add to my list Report Report Delayed London Stock Exchange - 12:35:21 2023-03-23 pm EDT 462.00 GBX +0.33% 10:14a Holding(s) in Company GL 09:17a Berenberg Lowers Kenmare Resources PT  Affirms Buy Rating MT 05:22a Morgan Stanley cuts Informa to 'equal-weight' AN Summary Quotes Charts News Ratings Calendar Company Financials Consensus Revisions Funds Summary Most relevant All News Analyst Reco. Other languages Press Releases Official Publications Sector news 2022 Preliminary Results 03/22/2023 | 03:01am EDT Send by mail :Name : First name : From * : To * : (You can enter multiple email addresses separated by commas) Message : * Required fields Kenmare Resources plc(“Kenmare” or “the Company” or “the Group”) 22 March 2023 2022 PRELIMINARY RESULTS Kenmare Resources plc (LSE:KMR  ISE:KMR)  one of the leading global producers of titanium minerals and zircon  which operates the Moma Titanium Minerals Mine (the ""Mine"" or ""Moma"") in northern Mozambique  today announces its preliminary results for the twelve months to 31 December 2022. Statement from Michael Carvill  Managing Director: “2022 was a record year of financial performance for Kenmare. Our financial results were driven by steady production volumes and record product prices. Mineral product revenues increased 18% and EBITDA rose by 39% to $298 million. We are tracking within guidance for 2023  despite suffering an extremely severe lightning strike which halted production for an extended period in February  albeit towards the bottom end of our range for ilmenite and rutile. In 2023  the market for our products remains buoyant  although at marginally lower levels than the highs of Q3 2022  with strong customer demand for volume. Kenmare moved to a net cash position of $27.5 million at the end of 2022  which represents a $110.3 million improvement over the 12 months. The Board is recommending a 2022 dividend of USc54.31 per share  up 66% from USc32.71 per share for 2021.” 2022 overview Financial Recommended 2022 dividend of $51.5 million or USc54.31 per share (2021: USc32.71)  up 66% on 2021  comprising an interim dividend of USc10.98 per share (paid in October 2022) and a final dividend of USc43.33 per share (payable May 2023)18% increase in mineral product revenue to $498.4 million in 2022 (2021: $420.5 million)  benefitting from a 42% increase in the average price received for Kenmare’s products13% increase in total cash operating costs to $216.7 million (2021: $191.8 million) as a result of higher prices for fuel and labour costs as well as increased electricity consumption16% increase in cash operating costs per tonne to $180 (2021: $156) as a consequence of higher total cash operating costs and a 2% decrease in finished product production36% decrease in cash operating cost per tonne of ilmenite to $60 (2021: $95) due to higher co-product revenues39% increase in EBITDA to $298.0 million (2021: $214.2 million)  due to stronger product pricing  representing a 60% EBITDA margin (2021: 51%)60% increase in profit after tax to $206.0 million (2021: $128.5 million) due to higher product prices83% increase in diluted earnings per share to $2.12 (2021: $1.16)Net cash of $27.5 million at year end 2022 (2021: $82.8 million net debt)  with cash and cash equivalents of $108.3 million (2021: $69.1 million)Operational Heavy Mineral Concentrate (“HMC”) production increased 2% in 2022 to 1 586 200 tonnes (2021: 1 555 900 tonnes)  benefitting from higher excavated ore volumes minedIlmenite production decreased 3% in 2022 to 1 088 300 tonnes (2021: 1 119 400 tonnes)Shipments of finished products of 1 075 600 tonnes in 2022  a 16% decrease compared to record tonnes shipped in 2021  reflecting four months planned maintenance on a transshipment vessel  the Bronagh J2023 ilmenite production guidance range of 1 050 000 to 1 150 000 tonnes Dividend timetable The Company confirms the dates for the proposed 2022 final dividend are as follows: Ex-dividend date 13 April 2023 Record date 14 April 2023 Currency election date 18 April 2023 at 12:00 noon (IST) AGM date for shareholder approval 11 May 2023 Payment date 19 May 2023 Irish Dividend Withholding Tax (25%) must be deducted from dividends paid by the Company  unless a shareholder is entitled to an exemption and has submitted a properly completed exemption form to the Company’s Registrar. Analyst and investor briefing and conference call Kenmare will host a briefing and conference call for analysts  institutional investors  lenders and media today at 09:00 UK time. Participant dial-in numbers for the conference call are as follows (a pin code is not required to access the call): UK: +44 (0) 20 3481 4247 Ireland: +353 (0) 1 582 2023 US: +1 (646) 307-1963 To register for the webcast click here. A playback of the webcast will be available at www.kenmareresources.com. Private investor webinar There will also be a separate webinar for private investors on Tuesday  28 March 2023 at 12:30 UK time. To access the webinar  please register in advance by clicking here. For further information  please contact: Kenmare Resources plcJeremy Dibb / Michael StarkeInvestor Relationsir@kenmareresources.comTel: +353 1 671 0411Mob: +353 87 943 0367 Murray Group (PR advisor)Paul O’Kanepokane@murraygroup.ieTel: +353 1 498 0300Mob: +353 86 609 0221 About Kenmare Resources Kenmare Resources plc is one of the world's largest producers of mineral sands products. Listed on the London Stock Exchange and the Euronext Dublin  Kenmare operates the Moma Titanium Minerals Mine in Mozambique. Moma's production accounts for approximately 7% of global titanium feedstocks and the Company supplies to customers operating in more than 15 countries. Kenmare produces raw materials that are ultimately consumed in everyday quality-of-life items such as paints  plastics and ceramic tiles. All monetary amounts refer to United States dollars unless otherwise indicated. Forward-Looking Statements This announcement contains some forward-looking statements that represent Kenmare's expectations for its business  based on current expectations about future events  which by their nature involve risks and uncertainties. Kenmare believes that its expectations and assumptions with respect to these forward-looking statements are reasonable. However  because they involve risk and uncertainty  which are in some cases beyond Kenmare's control  actual results or performance may differ materially from those expressed or implied by such forward-looking information. CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT Dear shareholders  Introduction It is a great honour to have succeeded Steven McTiernan as Chair of Kenmare following our AGM in May 2022. Kenmare has a world-class asset at Moma  a dedicated and talented workforce  safe and well-run operations  and a strong balance sheet. I’m delighted that the Company achieved record financial results in 2022  including revenues  profitability and dividends. A highlight of my year was getting out to site at Moma  meeting so many of our colleagues and seeing the passion and enthusiasm they have for our business. Our conversations really drove home to me the strength of Kenmare’s culture and how it is lived on a daily basis by staff at all levels of the business. The visit also provided an opportunity to see the new maternity unit at the Pilivilli health centre and inspect the high quality housing which was being built in preparation for the relocation of 86 households from the Isoa village. The Isoa relocation  which was completed in late 2022  has received extremely positive feedback: the new housing delivers a genuine uplift in living standards which I hope will be of lasting value to the community. Transition to Nataka Moma first achieved production in 2007  and 2022 marked 15 years of continuous operations there. The feasibility studies for the move to Nataka have demonstrated a clear route to the efficient and effective mining of this ore body and Wet Concentrator Plant (WCP) A is expected to begin transitioning to Nataka from 2025. Nataka represents the majority of our mineral resources and the detailed work we are doing now will underpin low-cost operations for decades to come. TZMI  the leading independent titanium minerals consultancy  has confirmed that Kenmare was a first quartile producer in 2021. When assessing financial investments  our priority is maintaining the best industry position possible on a sustainable basis to ensure strong business performance through the cycle. Further updates on the Nataka plans will be provided by the management team at the Capital Markets Day in April 2023. Shareholder returns 2022 marks the fourth consecutive year of dividend payments to shareholders. The Board is recommending a final dividend for 2022 of USc43.33 per share (2021: USc25.42)  taking total dividends to $51.5 million or USc54.31 per share (2021: USc32.71)  up 66% on 2021. Looking forward  Kenmare remains committed to returning excess cash to shareholders. In 2023 we expect to begin making capital investments to support the transition of WCP A to Nataka  and there will be a need to balance our planning for long-term returns to shareholders with these funding requirements. We intend to maintain a strong balance sheet as we fund this capital programme  recognising a less certain global economic outlook. Sustainability We achieved almost 12 million hours worked without a Lost Time Injury to late September 2022  representing more than 18 months of operations. This was a phenomenal achievement  made possible by the hard work and dedication of all our colleagues. Maintaining this focus on safety is an important goal for 2023. I am pleased that we have increased the number of female mine employees from 6.9% in 2018 to 14.5% at the end of 2022. This met our gender diversity target for the year but  looking beyond numerical targets  our talented female colleagues are demonstrating the real benefits of diversity through their invaluable contributions across the Kenmare team. We acknowledge the human contribution to climate change and aim to reduce emissions from our already low carbon intensity operations. Kenmare has an ambition to achieve Net Zero on Scope 1 and 2 emissions by 2040  through ongoing decarbonisation of our operations and active offsetting to abate residual emissions. Absolute greenhouse gas emissions reduced by 6% year on year in 2022  benefitting from the investment we made in Rotary Uninterruptible Power Supply (RUPS) to reduce the usage of diesel generators  whilst maintaining stable power to support operations at the Mineral Separation Plant. An extensive maintenance programme at the Mineral Separation Plant also delivered significant diesel efficiencies at the dryers. More details on our achievements  targets and challenges can be found in the Sustainability section of our Annual Report. Board Developments Steven McTiernan stepped down as Chair of the Board of Directors following our 2022 AGM  having served nine years on the Board  most of them as Chair. During his time Steven greatly improved the Board’s strength and diversity and its governance of Kenmare. I’d like to thank Steven for his guidance  dedication and the time he took to ensure a smooth handover. In May 2022  the Company announced that our longstanding Financial Director  Tony McCluskey  would be stepping down from the role. Alongside Michael Carvill  Tony led the Company from the exploration phase through to mine development and onto expansion and his dedication to the role was unwavering through his tenure. Tom Hickey was appointed as Tony’s replacement and brings significant financial and natural resources experience to Kenmare  having served for 15 years as Executive Director of several public companies  including eight years as Chief Financial Officer of the African and South American-focused oil and gas producer Tullow Oil plc. On 31 December 2022  Sameer Oundhakar stepped down from his role with Oman Investment Authority (OIA)  which controls African Acquisition S.à.r.l. (AAS)  one of Kenmare’s largest investors  and which had nominated Sameer to the Kenmare Board. As a result  he stepped down from the Kenmare Board on that date and AAS nominated Issa Al Balushi in his place  who was appointed as a Director in early 2023. Consequently  four of our nine Directors have been appointed in the last eighteen months. Priorities for 2023 include continued senior management succession planning. I was pleased to see that this year’s internal performance evaluation process indicated a high level of satisfaction with the composition  performance and effectiveness of the Board and Committees. We will continue to improve this effectiveness through a number of initiatives in 2023. Acknowledgements On behalf of the Board  I would like to thank Steven McTiernan and Tony McCluskey for their leadership and contributions to the growth of Kenmare over many years  making it the business it is today. Thank you to everyone who has contributed to the Company’s success over the past year: in particular our employees  customers  contractors  local communities and suppliers. We are a business of scale  supplying over 7% of global titanium feedstocks  and we are fortunate to have mineral resources to grow even further. We are continuing to invest in Moma to ensure a smooth transition to mining at Nataka  where the bulk of our mineral resources lie  whilst seeking to maintain a first quartile industry position for decades to come. I look to the future with great optimism and excitement and firmly believe that the successful transition to Nataka will establish a foundation for the long-term success of the Company  to the benefit of all our stakeholders. Andrew WebbChairman MANAGING DIRECTOR’S STATEMENT Dear shareholders  Introduction 2022 marked a year of outstanding financial performance for Kenmare  supported by strong product markets. Record revenue and EBITDA  for a second consecutive year  moved the Company into a net cash position by year end. This has enabled the Board to recommend significantly increased dividends  up 66% on 2021 to USc54.31 per share; also benefitting from the reduced share count related to the buyback completed in late 2021. After over 30 years with Kenmare  Tony McCluskey retired in 2022 and I’d like to personally thank him for his huge contribution. He leaves Kenmare in the strongest financial position in its history. I would also like to welcome Tom Hickey who has been appointed as Tony’s successor  an experienced CFO with 15 years as Executive Director in public companies and significant experience in natural resources and operating in Africa. Safety We achieved almost 12 million hours worked without any Lost Time Injuries (LTI) to late September 2022 – a huge achievement and testament to the strong safety culture we have been striving to build. While Kenmare’s LTIFR increased to 0.09 incidents per 200 000 hours worked compared to 0.03 in 2021  it nevertheless reduced by 50% relative to the 3-year rolling average of 0.18. For a seventh consecutive year we also retained our NOSA maximum five-star level  based on NOSA’s independent assessment of the safety systems and procedures at Moma. However  the three LTIs recorded in late 2022 have caused us to redouble efforts to ensure consistent observance of good safety practices. Sustainability At Kenmare  we have always tried to put Sustainability at the heart of everything we do by being a trusted corporate citizen that aims to deliver a net positive impact to all stakeholders. In 2022 the Company completed the RUPS project; this helps to mitigate power supply disruptions at the Mineral Separation Plant and successfully reduced outages during the 2022/3 wet season. It also helps to drive lower carbon emissions  through the reduced usage of diesel generators. The RUPS project is a good example of NPV positive projects that are also aligned to our goals of achieving Net Zero on Scope 1 and 2 emissions by 2040. We are working hard to identify more projects in the same vein. Kenmare prides itself on being an organisation where employees can continue to grow and develop over many years. It was particularly pleasing for me to present at our Long Service Awards ceremony at Moma in September 2022  where we congratulated almost 500 employees who had completed more than 10  20  or even 30 years of service. I was very honoured to see the long-term commitment many of our colleagues have made to the success of our business. We have continued to invest in our people. Each employee at Moma received an average of 46 hours of training during the year  including 186 employees taking part in a bespoke management and leadership coaching programme. We recently completed our second bi-annual employee engagement survey. Overall engagement levels were found to be 83%  which is high relative to the 65% average reported by the company that carried out the survey. However  the results are lower than our previous survey (2020: 97% engaged) and we will be analysing them closely to form thematic action plans. Operational performance In 2022  revised production guidance was achieved for ilmenite and rutile while original production guidance was achieved for primary zircon and concentrates. HMC production in 2022 was 1 586 200 tonnes  a 2% increase compared to 2021. Whilst this was a slight improvement  excavated ore and recoveries were impacted by power outages  difficult mining conditions and slimes  as well as the previously reported bad weather early in the year. Shipments were impacted by our Bronagh J transshipment vessel going into five-yearly dry dock for maintenance work in Q2/Q3 and by poor weather conditions. However  Q4 2022 was the strongest quarter of the year for shipments and close to a record  with 365 700 tonnes shipped  demonstrating our ability to achieve a 1.3 Mtpa run rate. Costs were negatively impacted by high inflation rates and unit costs were a product of lower production and higher operating costs. It has been a stated core strategy of the business to achieve a first quartile revenue to cash cost position in our industry and we were delighted that TZMI  the leading independent commodity consultancy in mineral sands  declared that Kenmare achieved this goal in respect of 2021. Product market Kenmare’s unique 100-year life-of-mine operation produces a range of titanium feedstocks and accounts for 7% of global titanium feedstock supply. Titanium is listed on the critical minerals list of a number of countries  including the US and in Europe  and used in a wide variety of applications such as providing opacity and colour in paints  paper  plastics  fabrics  inks  and in the manufacture of titanium metal. Zircon products are used in the ceramic industry and in the production of zirconia chemicals  which in turn are used in screens and electronics. Our mineral sands concentrate product contains Rare Earth Oxides which have also been highlighted as critical minerals for the energy transition. 2022 was a strong year for Kenmare’s sales. The average price of Kenmare’s product suite increased 42% to a record of $463/t as Kenmare continued to establish its position as a reliable supplier of titanium feedstocks. With security and reliability of supply increasingly prominent considerations for many downstream customers  we are seeing the market assign a greater value to Kenmare as a proven  stable long-term supplier  enabling us to place our products in the strongest downstream markets. As high-grade feedstocks continue to deplete  Kenmare’s position as the largest merchant supplier of ilmenite provides an optimal position from which to capitalise on ilmenite’s growing market share through beneficiation. It also enables us to invest for the future with confidence. The first half of 2022 saw momentum continue from 2021 as pigment producers operated at close to full capacity and were constrained due to shortages of titanium feedstocks. Pigment demand decreased throughout the year as the global economic outlook weakened and China’s zero-COVID-19 policy muted industrial activity. Pigment destocking and inflationary cost increases pressured pigment producers’ margins  forcing some producers to delay purchases  constrain production or idle pigment lines. We expect pigment stocks to have depleted in early 2023 with strong signs of increasing demand and the restarting of pigment lines. Despite increased pressure on the pigment market  Kenmare continued to see robust demand and in Q4 2022 achieved a ninth consecutive quarterly price increase for ilmenite. Capital projects To support the future mine life at Moma  we will need to transition production to Nataka  the largest ore zone in Moma’s portfolio  in the coming years. Studies to support WCP A’s transition to Nataka  which starts mining there from 2025  continue to progress well. Unlike the move of WCP B via road  WCP A will mine its way to a high-grade path in Nataka through a transition corridor from Namalope. Once WCP A has arrived in Nataka  the plant will spend the rest of its economic life there. The ore we mine contains very fine particles that do not settle easily in water - known as slimes. They cause challenges with our operations and slimes management is a key factor in keeping our operating costs low. The slimes levels in our mining path have been growing in recent years and the move to Nataka will further raise the levels of slimes encountered. Management of these conditions is essential to successful production at Nataka and we expect to introduce a dedicated desliming circuit at WCP A in advance of the move to fully address these operational challenges. Studies have been focused on the optimisation of mining in this new ore zone to make sure that we can remain in the first quartile of the revenue to cash cost position in our industry  as this is central to our strategy of ensuring strong cashflows through the cycle. This has involved extensive work developing a robust operating model and assessing the appropriate balance between capital and operating costs to obtain the optimal solution. Outlook I would like to thank all our colleagues who have continued to work tirelessly to support the growth of Kenmare. Working closely with our partners  particularly those in Mozambique  is a key element to our success and I would like to thank them all for their support last year. The work Kenmare completed since 2018 to increase production volumes  control costs and become a first quartile producer in our industry has built a great foundation. Despite a potentially softer global economy in the short term  we remain strongly positioned with record profitability. In 2023 we expect our product markets to be more challenging  although our fundamentals remain strong. We have an industry leading safety record and a long-life ore body  with mineral resources to support production for more than 100 years. Our robust balance sheet and strong cashflow generation give us confidence in our ability to maintain strong shareholder returns whilst funding the transition of WCP A  to secure mining for decades to come. I look forward to laying out our future plans in more detail at the Capital Markets Day on 26 April 2023. Michael CarvillManaging Director UNAUDITED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2022 Notes Unaudited2022$’000 2021 Restated*$’000 Revenue 2 525 988 455 944 Cost of sales 4 (282 694) (295 010) Gross profit 243 294 160 934 Administration Expenses 4 (9 862) (9 825) Operating profit 233 432 151 109 Finance income 5 1 147 265 Finance costs 5 (12 472) (14 078) Profit before tax 222 107 137 296 Income tax expense 6 (16 073) (8 770) Profit for the financial year and total comprehensive income for the financial year 206 034 128 526 Attributable to equity holders 206 034 128 526 $ per share $ per share Basic earnings per share 7 2.17 1.18 Diluted earnings per share 7 2.12 1.16 *Refer to Note 4 for further details on the 2021 restatement. The accompanying notes form part of these financial statements. UNAUDITED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION AS AT 31 DECEMBER 2022 Notes Unaudited2022$’000 2021$’000 Assets Non-current assets Property  plant and equipment 8 930 759 954 558 Right-of-use assets 9 1 608 2 136 932 367 956 694 Current assets Inventories 10 84 171 60 219 Trade and other receivables 11 124 018 74 747 Cash and cash equivalents 12 108 271 69 057 316 460 204 023 Total assets 1 248 827 1 160 717 Equity Capital and reserves attributable to the Company’s equity holders Called-up share capital 13 104 104 Share premium 545 950 545 950 Other reserves 232 759 230 539 Retained earnings 324 721 154 050 Total equity 1 103 534 930 643 Liabilities Non-current liabilities Bank loans 14 46 180 74 757 Lease liabilities 9 1 540 971 Provisions 15 19 746 38 999 67 466 114 727 Current liabilities Bank loans 14 32 398 73 342 Lease liabilities 9 245 1 207 Trade and other payables 16 35 293 32 768 Current tax liabilities 17 8 893 4 808 Provisions 15 998 3 222 77 827 115 347 Total liabilities 145 293 230 074 Total equity and liabilities 1 248 827 1 160 717 The accompanying notes form part of these financial statements. UNAUDITED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2022 Unaudited Called-Up ShareCapital$’000 UnauditedSharePremium$’000 Unaudited Other Reserves$’000 Unaudited RetainedEarnings$’000 UnauditedTotal$’000 Balance at 1 January 2021 120 545 950 231 350 123 083 900 503 Total comprehensive income for the year Profit for the financial year – – – 128 526 128 526 Total comprehensive income for the year – – – 128 526 128 526 Transactions with owners of the Company Recognition of share-based payment expense – – 3 420 – 3 420 Exercise of share-based payment awards – – (2 283) – (2 283) Unvested and expired share-based payments – – (1 964) 1 964 – Tender offer share buyback (16) – 81 605 (81 589) – Tender offer share buyback transaction costs – – – (1 540) (1 540) Cancellation of treasury shares – – (81 589) – (81 589) Dividends paid – – – (16 394) (16 394) Total contributions and distributions (16) – (811) (97 559) (98 386) Balance at 1 January 2022 104 545 950 230 539 154 050 930 643 Total comprehensive income for the year Profit for the financial year – – – 206 034 206 034 Total comprehensive income for the year – – – 206 034 206 034 Transactions with owners of the Company Recognition of share-based payment expense – – 5 601 – 5 601 Exercise of share-based payment awards – – (3 363) – (3 363) Shares acquired by the Kenmare Employee Benefit Trust – – (1 797) – (1 797) Shares distributed by the Kenmare Employee Benefit Trust – – 1 779 – 1 779 Odd lot offer share buyback – – 515 (515) – Cancellation of treasury shares – – (515) – (515) Odd lot offer share buyback transaction costs – – – (122) (122) Dividends paid – – – (34 726) (34 726) Total contributions and distributions – – 2 220 (35 363) (33 143) Balance at 31 December 2022 104 545 950 232 759 324 721 1 103 534 UNAUDITED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2022 Notes Unaudited2022$’000 2021$’000 Cash flows from operating activities Profit for the financial year after tax 206 034 128 526 Adjustment for: Foreign exchange movement included in operating costs 4 1 123 1 872 Expected credit losses 18 1 110 225 Share-based payments 5 601 3 420 Finance income 5 (1 147) (265) Finance costs 5 12 472 14 078 Income tax expense 6 16 073 8 770 Depreciation 8  9 64 596 63 136 305 862 219 762 Change in: Provisions (2 141) 2 372 Inventories (23 952) 3 451 Trade and other receivables (47 627) (45 057) Trade and other payables (1 680) (15 681) Exercise of share-based payment awards (1 566) (2 283) Cash generated from operating activities 228 896 162 564 Income tax paid (10 461) (6 284) Interest received 4 657 265 Interest paid 14 (6 921) (7 147) Factoring and other trade facility fees 5 (2 218) (1 431) Debt commitment fees paid 5 (534) (161) Net cash from operating activities 209 419 147 806 Investing activities Additions to property  plant and equipment 8 (59 867) (60 342) Net cash used in investing activities (59 867) (60 342) Financing activities Dividends paid (34 726) (16 394) Odd lot offer share buyback (515) – Odd lot offer share buyback transaction costs (122) – Tender offer share buyback – (81 589) Tender offer share buyback transaction costs – (1 540) Market purchase of equity under Kenmare Restricted Share Plan (1 797) – Drawdown of debt 14 20 000 20 000 Repayment of debt 14 (91 429) (20 000) Payment of lease liabilities (1 142) (1 449) Net cash used in financing activities (109 731) (100 972) Net increase/(decrease) in cash and cash equivalents 39 821 (13 508) Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of the financial year 69 057 87 244 Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents (607) (4 679) Cash and cash equivalents at the end of the financial year 12 108 271 69 057 UNAUDITED NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2022 1. Statement of accounting policiesKenmare Resources plc (the “Company”) is domiciled in the Republic of Ireland. The Company’s registered address is Styne House  Hatch Street Upper  Dublin 2. The Company has a premium listing on the Main Market of the London Stock Exchange and a secondary listing on Euronext Dublin. These unaudited consolidated financial statements comprise the Company and its subsidiary undertakings (the “Group”). The principal activity of the Group is the operation and further development of the Moma Titanium Minerals Mine in Mozambique. On 21 March 2023  the Directors approved the preliminary results for publication. While the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2022  from which the preliminary results have been extracted  are prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) as adopted by the European Union  these preliminary results do not contain sufficient information to comply with IFRS. The Directors expect to publish on 6 April 2023 the full financial statements that comply with IFRS as adopted by the European Union. The auditor  KPMG  has not yet issued their audit opinion on the financial statements in respect of the year ended 31 December 2022. The financial information included within this unaudited preliminary results statement for the year ended 31 December 2022 does not constitute the statutory financial statements of the Group within the meaning of section 293 of the Companies Act 2014. The Group financial information in this preliminary statement for the year ended 31 December 2022 is unaudited. A copy of the statutory financial statements in respect of the year ended 31 December 2022 will be annexed to the next annual return and filed with the Registrar of Companies. The Group financial information for the year ended 31 December 2021 included in this preliminary statement represents an abbreviated version of the Group’s financial statements for that year. The statutory financial statements for the Group for the year ended 31 December 2021  upon which the auditor  KPMG  has issued an unqualified opinion  were annexed to the annual return of the Company and filed with the Registrar of Companies. None of the new and revised standards and interpretations which are effective for accounting periods beginning on or after 1 January 2022  have a material effect on the Group’s financial statements. Basis of preparationThe consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRSs) issued by the International Accounting Standards Board (IASB) and interpretations issued by the IFR Interpretations Committee (IFRIC) as adopted by the EU and those parts of the Companies Act 2014 applicable to companies reporting under IFRS and Article 4 of the IAS Regulation. The 2021 income statement has been restated in order to reclassify freight costs and distribution costs from other operating costs to cost of sales. In addition  foreign exchange losses have been reclassified to other operating costs and are no longer presented separately on the face of the income statement. Management feel these presentational changes more appropriately reflect the nature of each category of expense. Further details can be found in Note 4. Going concernThe Directors have evaluated the appropriateness of the going concern basis in preparing the 2022 Consolidated Financial Statements for a period of at least twelve months from the date of approval of these financial statements (the ‘period of assessment’). The evaluation is based on the Group’s cash flow forecast (“the Group Forecast”). The Group Forecast has been prepared by management with best estimates of production  pricing and cost assumptions over the period of assessment. The Group recognises the principal risks which can impact on the outcome of the Group Forecast and have therefore applied sensitivity analysis to the assumptions to test the robustness of the cash flow forecast for changes in market prices  shipments  operating and capital cost assumptions. Changes in these assumptions affect the level of sales and profitability of the Group and the amount of capital required to deliver the projected production levels. Debt covenants are complied with and Group liquidity is maintained  although at lower levels  in each of these scenarios. Having assessed the principal risks facing the Group  together with the Group’s cash flow forecast  the Directors have a reasonable expectation that the Group has adequate resources for the foreseeable future and can continue to adopt the going concern basis of accounting in preparing the annual financial statements. 2. Revenue 2022$’000 2021$’000 Revenue from contracts with customers Revenue derived from the sale of mineral products 498 339 420 550 Revenue derived from freight services 27 649 35 394 Total Revenue 525 988 455 944 Revenue by product The principal categories for disaggregating mineral products revenue are by product type and by country of the customer’s location. The product types are ilmenite  zircon  rutile and concentrates. Concentrates includes secondary zircon and mineral sands concentrates. During the financial year  the Group sold 1 075 600 tonnes (2021: 1 285 300 tonnes) of finished products to customers at a sales value of $498.3 million (2021: $420.5 million). The Group earned revenue derived from freight services of $27.6 million ($35.4 million). 2022$’000 2021$’000 Revenue derived from sales of mineral products by primary product Ilmenite 347 446 334 714 Primary zircon 99 152 62 727 Concentrates 33 057 19 554 Rutile 18 684 3 555 Total revenue from mineral products 498 339 420 550 Revenue derived from Freight services 27 649 35 394 Total Revenue 525 988 455 944 Revenue by destination In the following table  revenue is disaggregated by primary geographical market. The Group allocates revenue from external customers to individual countries and discloses revenues in each country where revenues represent 10% or more of the Group’s total revenue. Where total disclosed revenue disaggregated by country constitutes less than 75% of total Group revenue  additional disclosures are made on a regional basis until at least 75% of the Group’s disaggregated revenue is disclosed. There were no individual countries within Europe  Asia (excluding China) or the Rest of the World with revenues representing 10% or more of the Group’s total revenue during the year. 2022$’000 2021$’000 Revenue derived from sales of mineral product by destination China 154 704 192 635 Europe 130 440 77 891 Asia (excluding China) 108 487 74 583 USA 51 600 44 312 Rest of the World 53 108 31 129 Total revenue from mineral products 498 339 420 550 Revenue derived from Freight services 27 649 35 394 Total Revenue 525 988 455 944 Revenue by major customersThe Group evaluates the concentration of mineral product revenue by major customer. The following table disaggregates mineral product revenue from the Group’s four largest customers. 2022$’000 2021$’000 Mineral product revenue from external customers Largest customer 74 671 65 500 Second largest customer 62 791 62 285 Third largest customer 58 413 50 642 Fourth largest customer 41 015 42 029 Total 236 890 220 456 All Group revenues from external customers are generated by the Moma Titanium Minerals Mine in Mozambique. Further details on this operating segment can be found in Note 3. Sales to and from Ireland were $nil (2021: $nil) in the year. 3. Segment reportingInformation on the operations of the Moma Titanium Minerals Mine in Mozambique is reported to the Group’s Board for the purposes of resource allocation and assessment of segment performance. Information regarding the Group’s operating segment is reported below: 2022 2021 Restated Corporate Mozambique Total Corporate Mozambique Total Revenue & Results Revenue* – 525 988 525 988 – 455 944 455 944 Cost of sales – (282 694) (282 694) – (295 010) (295 010) Gross profit – 243 294 243 294 – 160 934 160 934 Administrative expenses (7 848) (2 014) (9 862) (7 700) (2 125) (9 825) Segment operating profit (7 848) 241 280 233 432 (7 700) 158 809 151 109 Finance income 23 1 124 1 147 47 218 265 Finance expenses (83) (12 389) (12 472) (98) (13 980) (14 078) Profit before tax (7 908) 230 015 222 107 (7 751) 145 047 137 296 Income tax expense (1 601) (14 472) (16 073) (3 083) (5 687) (8 770) Profit for the financial year (9 509) 215 543 206 034 (10 834) 139 360 128 526 Segment assets & Liabilities Segment Assets 12 583 1 236 244 1 248 827 6 798 1 153 919 1 160 717 Segment Liabilities 4 722 140 571 145 293 4 221 225 853 230 074 Additions to non-current assets Segment Additions to non-current assets – 59 867 59 867 – 60 342 60 342 *Revenue excludes inter-segment revenue of $24.2m earned by the corporate segment relating to marketing and management services fee income. Inter-segment revenue is determined by intercompany agreements between the Group's subsidiary undertakings but does not form part of regular reporting reviewed by the Group's Board. Corporate assets consist of the Company’s property  plant and equipment including right-of-use assets  cash and cash equivalents and prepayments at the reporting date. Corporate liabilities consist of trade and other payables at the reporting date. 4. Cost and income analysis 2022$’000 Restated 2021$’000 Expenses by function Cost of sales 282 694 295 010 Administration expenses 9 862 9 825 Total 292 556 304 835 Expenses by nature can be analysed as follows: 2022$’000 Restated 2021$’000 Expenses by nature Staff costs 55 907 46 712 Repairs and maintenance 43 151 43 208 Power and fuel 43 960 30 400 Freight 27 649 35 394 Distribution costs 5 699 5 215 Other production and operating costs 72 099 69 552 Movement of mineral products inventory (21 628) 9 346 Depreciation of property  plant and equipment and right-of-use assets 64 596 63 136 Foreign exchange loss 1 123 1 872 Total 292 556 304 835 Mineral products consist of finished products and heavy mineral concentrate as detailed in Note 10. Mineral stock movement in the year was an increase of $21.6 million (2021: $9.3 million decrease). Distribution costs of $5.7 million (2021: $5.2 million) represent the cost of running the Mine’s finished product storage  jetty and marine fleet. Freight costs of $27.6 million (2021: $35.4 million) arise from sales to customers on a CIF or CFR basis. There were no exceptional items within operating profit in 2022 (2021 restated: $nil). The 2021 income statement has been restated in order to reclassify freight costs and distribution costs from other operating costs to cost of sales. In addition  foreign exchange gains and losses have been reclassified to administrative costs and are no longer presented separately on the face of the income statement. Management feel these presentational changes more appropriately reflect the nature of each category of expense. As previously reported Adjustment As restated$’000 Revenue 455 944 – 455 944 Cost of sales (244 986) (50 024) (295 010) Other Operating Costs/Administration Expenses (57 977) 48 152 (9 825) Net Finance costs (11 788) (2 025) (13 813) Foreign exchange (3 897) 3 897 – Taxation (8 770) – (8 770) Profit for the financial year and total comprehensive income for the financial year 128 526 – 128 526 5. Net Finance costs 2022$’000 Restated 2021$’000 Finance costs Interest on bank borrowings (8 829) (9 475) Interest on lease liabilities (147) (239) Factoring and other trade facility fees (2 218) (1 431) Commitment and other fees (534) (161) Unwinding of discount on mine closure provision (744) (747) Foreign exchange loss – (2 025) Total Finance Costs (12 472) (14 078) Interest earned on bank deposits 657 265 Foreign exchange gain 490 – Total Finance Income 1 147 265 Net finance costs recognised in profit or loss (11 325) (13 813) All interest has been expensed in the financial year. The Group has classified factoring and other trade facility fees in net cash from operating activities in the Consolidated Statement of Cashflows. 6. Income tax expense 2022$’000 2021$’000 Corporation tax 16 073 8 770 Deferred tax – – Total 16 073 8 770 Reconciliation of effective tax rate Profit before tax 222 107 137 296 Profit before tax multiplied by the applicable tax rate (12.5%) 27 763 17 162 Under provision in respect of prior years 546 – Non-taxable income (18 120) (10 826) Non-deductible expenses 483 331 Differences in effective tax rates on overseas earnings 5 401 2 103 Total 16 073 8 770 During the year  KMML Mozambique Branch had taxable profits of $39.9 million (2021: $16.2 million)  resulting in an income tax expense of $14.5 million (2021: $5.7 million) being recognised. The income tax rate applicable to taxable profits of KMML Mozambique Branch is 35% (2021: 35%). KMML Mozambique Branch has elected  and the fiscal regime applicable to mining allows for  the option to deduct  as an allowable deduction  depreciation of exploration and development expense and capital expenditure over the life of mine. Tax losses may be carried forward for three years. There are no tax losses carried forward at 31 December 2022. KMPL Mozambique Branch has Industrial Free Zone (IFZ) status. As an IFZ Branch  it is exempted from corporation taxes and hence its income is non-taxable. During the year  Kenmare Resources plc had taxable profits of $13.3 million (2021: $32.5 million) as a result of management and marketing service fee income earned on services provided to subsidiary undertakings  resulting in a corporate tax expense of $1.6 million (2021: $3.1 million). 7. Earnings per shareThe calculation of the basic and diluted earnings per share attributable to the ordinary equity holders of the Company is based on the following data: 2022$’000 2021$’000 Profit for the financial year attributable to equity holders of the Company 206 034 128 526 2022Number of shares 2021Number of shares Weighted average number of issued ordinary shares for the purpose of basic earnings per share 94 919 944 108 843 459 Effect of dilutive potential ordinary shares: Share awards 2 361 819 2 185 857 Weighted average number of ordinary shares for the purposes of diluted earnings per share 97 281 763 111 029 316 $ per share $ per share Basic earnings per share 2.17 1.18 Diluted earnings per share 2.12 1.16 The denominator for the purposes of calculating both basic and diluted earnings per share has been adjusted to reflect shares acquired and subsequently cancelled during the year. 8. Property  plant and equipment Plant andEquipment$’000 DevelopmentExpenditure$’000 ConstructionIn Progress$’000 OtherAssets$’000 Total$’000 Cost At 1 January 2021 995 856 249 971 52 416 63 114 1 361 357 Additions during the financial year 784 – 59 558 – 60 342 Transfer from construction in progress 29 586 8 201 (50 544) 12 757 – Disposals (6 557) – – (11 440) (17 997) Adjustment to mine closure cost (2 240) – – – (2 240) At 31 December 2021 1 017 429 258 172 61 430 64 431 1 401 462 Additions during the financial year 252 112 59 261 242 59 867 Transfer from construction in progress 48 233 1 767 (69 918) 19 918 – Disposals (10 230) – – (7 201) (17 431) Adjustment to mine closure cost (20 080) – – – (20 080) At 31 December 2022 1 035 604 260 051 50 773 77 390 1 423 818 Accumulated depreciation At 1 January 2021 232 441 135 153 – 35 255 402 849 Charge for the financial year 44 229 6 336 – 11 487 62 052 Disposals (6 557) – – (11 440) (17 997) At 31 December 2021 270 113 141 489 – 35 302 446 904 Charge for the financial year 44 435 6 379 – 12 772 63 586 Disposals (10 230) – – (7 201) (17 431) At 31 December 2022 304 318 147 868 – 40 873 493 059 Carrying amount At 31 December 2022 731 286 112 183 50 773 36 517 930 759 At 31 December 2021 747 316 116 683 61 430 29 129 954 558 An adjustment to the mine closure cost of $20.1 million (2021: $2.2 million) was made during the year as a result of an update in the discount rate as detailed in Note 15. At each reporting date  the Group assesses whether there is any indication that property  plant and equipment may be impaired. The Group considers the relationship between its market capitalisation and its book value  among other factors  when reviewing for indicators for impairment. As at 31 December 2022  the market capitalisation of the Group was below the book value of net assets  which is considered an indicator of impairment. The Group carried out an impairment review of property  plant and equipment as at 31 December 2022. As a result of the review  and given the performance and outlook of the Group  no impairment provision was recognised in the current financial year. No impairment was recognised in the prior financial year. Given the historic volatility in product pricing and sensitivity analysis of forecast product pricing  the discount rate and to a lesser extent operating costs  the impairment loss of $64.8 million  which was recognised in the consolidated statement of comprehensive income in 2014  was not reversed. The cash-generating unit for the purpose of impairment testing is the Moma Titanium Minerals Mine. The basis on which the Mine is assessed is its value in use. The cash flow forecast employed for the value in use computation is from a life of mine financial model. The recoverable amount obtained from the financial model represents the present value of the future discounted pre-tax  pre-finance cash flows discounted at 14.0% (2021: 10.5%). Key assumptions include the following: • The discount rate is based on the Group’s weighted average cost of capital. This rate is a best estimate of the current market assessment of the time value of money and the risks specific to the Mine  taking into consideration country risk  currency risk and price risk. The factors making up the cost of equity  cost of debt and capital structure have changed from the prior year review  to reflect increases in the risk-free rate  resulting in a discount rate of 14.0% (2021: 10.5%). The Group’s estimation of the country risk premium included in the discount rate has remained unchanged from the prior year. The Group does not consider it appropriate to apply the full current country risk premium for Mozambique to the calculation of the Group’s weighted average cost of capital as it believes the specific circumstances which have resulted in the risk premium increase over the past number of years are not relevant to the specific circumstances of the Moma Mine. Hence  country risk premium applicable to the calculation of the cost of equity has been adjusted accordingly. Using a discount rate of 14.0%  the recoverable amount is greater than the carrying amount by $86.9 million (2021: $384.0 million). The discount rate is a significant factor in determining the recoverable amount. A 1.5% increase in the discount rate to 15.5% reduces the recoverable amount by $86.9 million to $nil  assuming all other inputs remain unchanged. The decrease in the recoverable amount from the prior year is a result of decreased cash flows over the life of mine as a result of increased forecast capital and operating costs and an increase in the discount rate from 10.5% to 14.0%. • A mine plan is based on the Namalope  Nataka  Pilivili and Mualadi proved and probable reserves and resources. Specific resource material is included only where there is a high degree of confidence in its economic extraction. The Mine life assumption of 40 years has not changed from the prior year review. Average annual production is approximately 1.2 million tonnes (2021: 1.2 million tonnes) of ilmenite and co-products zircon  rutile and concentrates over the life of the Mine and remains unchanged from the prior year review. This mine plan does not include investment in additional mining capacity. Certain minimum stocks of final and intermediate products are assumed to be maintained at period ends. • Product sales prices are based on contract prices as stipulated in marketing agreements with customers  or where contracts are based on market prices or production is not currently contracted  prices are forecast by the Group taking into account independent titanium mineral sands expertise provided by TiPMC Solutions and management expectations including general inflation of 2% per annum. Forecast prices provided by TiPMC Solutions have been reviewed and found to be consistent with other external sources of information. Average forecast product sales prices have increased over the life of mine from the prior year end review as a result of revised forecast pricing. A 2.5% reduction in average sales prices over the life of mine reduces the recoverable amount by $86.9 million to $nil  assuming all other inputs remain unchanged. • Operating costs are based on approved budget costs for 2023 taking into account conservative estimated inflation rates for 2023. From 2024 onwards  operating costs are escalated by 2% per annum as management expects inflation to normalise and average 2% over the life of mine period. Average forecast operating costs have increased from the prior year end review as a result of increased production and inflation. Increased costs associated with estimated future power consumption and unit prices for mining in Nataka have also been included in the forecast cashflows. A 5.0% increase in operating costs over the life of mine reduces the recoverable amount by $86.9 million to $nil  assuming all other inputs remain unchanged. Whilst the Group has set ambitions to be net zero by 2040  the financial impact is still being assessed as the Group considers how it will work towards meeting this target. As such  estimates and judgements within these financial statements do not consider the expenditure (or any related savings) associated with the Company’s ambition to become net zero nor the financial impact of the climate risks disclosed within the Group’s TCFD reporting as a reliable estimate cannot currently be made. • Capital costs are based on a life of mine capital plan including inflation at 2% per annum from 2024. Average forecast capital costs have increased and their scheduling has changed from the prior year end review based on updated sustaining and development capital plans required to maintain the existing plant over the life of mine. A 8.0% increase in capital costs over the life of mine reduces the recoverable amount by $86.9 million to $nil  assuming all other inputs remain unchanged. 9. Right-of-use assets and lease liabilities Plant and Equipment$’000 Land and Buildings$’000 Total$’000Cost At 1 January 2022 3 319 2 108 5 427 Additions – 482 482 At 31 December 2022 3 319 2 590 5 909 Accumulated Depreciation At 1 January 2022 2 489 802 3 291 Depreciation expense 830 180 1 010 At 31 December 2022 3 319 982 4 301 Carrying amount At 31 December 2022 – 1 608 1 608 At 31 December 2021 830 1 306 2 136 On 1 January 2019  the Group recognised a lease liability of $3.3 million in relation to electricity generators at the Mine. The lease for the electricity generators was renewed in November 2017 for a five-year period and rental payments were fixed for the five years. The lease agreement expired in November 2022 and following negotiations the Group completed the acquisition process of the electricity generators in February 2023. On 1 January 2019  the Group recognised a lease liability of $1.7 million in respect of the rental of its Irish head office. The lease has a term of 10 years commencing August 2017 and rental payments are fixed for five years. This lease obligation is denominated in Euros. In February 2019  the Group recognised a lease liability of $0.4 million in respect of its Mozambican country office in Maputo. The lease has a seven-year term commencing February 2019 and rental payments are fixed for seven years. This lease obligation is denominated in US Dollars. The Branch has discounted lease payments using its incremental borrowing rates. The weighted average rate applied is 7%. In December 2022  the Maputo Office lease was modified and remeasured. The lease term was extended to 10 years commencing 1 December 2022. In addition  additional floor space of 250 square meters was leased as an addendum to the existing contract. The Group has determined that the lease modification should not be accounted for as a separate lease because the lease payments for the new office space are not considered commensurate with market rentals for office space of that size and characteristic. The incremental borrowing rate applied to the remeasured lease is 10.2%. At each reporting date  the Company assesses whether there is any indication that right-of-use assets may be impaired. No impairment indicators were identified as at 31 December 2022 or 31 December 2021. The Group has recognised a rental expense of $3.9 million (2021: $9.0 million) in relation to short term leases of machinery and vehicles which have not been recognised as a right-of-use asset. Set out below are the carrying amounts of lease liabilities at each reporting date: 2022$’000 2021$’000 Current 245 1 207 Non-current 1 540 971 Total 1 785 2 178 The consolidated income statement includes the following amounts relating to leases: 2022$’000 2021$’000 Depreciation expense 1 010 1 084 Interest expense on lease liabilities 147 239 Total 1 157 1 323 10. Inventories 2022$’000 2021$’000 Mineral products 43 655 22 027 Consumable spares 40 516 38 192 84 171 60 219 At 31 December 2022  total final product stock was 213 500 tonnes (2021: 88 700 tonnes). Closing stock of heavy mineral concentrate was 18 800 tonnes (2021: 11 500 tonnes). During the year  inventory amounting to $235.2 million (2021: $246.4 million) was recognised as an expense in cost of sales. Net realisable value is determined with reference to forecast prices of finished products expected to be achieved. There is no guarantee that these prices will be achieved in the future  particularly in weak product markets. During the financial year  there was a write-down of $nil (2021: $0.5 million) to mineral products charged to cost of sales to value mineral products at net realisable value. 11. Trade and other receivables 2022$’000 2021$’000 Trade receivables 104 970 66 204 VAT receivable 4 527 790 Prepayments 14 521 7 753 124 018 74 747 12. Cash and cash equivalents 2022$’000 2021$’000 Bank balances 108 271 69 057 Cash and cash equivalents comprise cash balances held for the purposes of meeting short-term cash commitments and investments which are readily convertible to a known amount of cash and are subject to an insignificant risk of change in value. Where investments are categorised as cash equivalents  the related balances have a maturity of three months or less from the date of investment. 13. Called-up share capital 2022€’000 2021€’000 Authorised share capital 181 000 000 ordinary shares of €0.001 each 181 181 181 181 2022$’000 2021$’000 Allotted  called up and fully paid Opening balance 94 921 970 (2021: 109 736 382) ordinary shares of €0.001 each 104 120 Acquired and cancelled92 419 (2021: 14 814 412) ordinary shares of €0.001 each – (16) Closing balance 94 829 551 (2021: 94 921 970) ordinary shares of €0.001 each 104 104 Total called-up share capital 104 104 No ordinary shares were issued during the year (2021: $nil). On 3 October 2022  under the authority granted at the Company’s Annual General Meeting held on 26 May 2022  and in accordance with Section 1075 of the Companies Act 2014 and article 147 of the Articles of Association  the Company completed an odd lot offer which involved the acquisition of 92 419 ordinary shares of €0.001 each in the capital of the Company representing 0.1% of the then called-up share capital of the Company for a total cash consideration of $0.5 million. The odd lot offer buyback was funded from distributable reserves and all ordinary shares acquired by the Company were subsequently cancelled. Transaction costs associated with the transaction amounted to $0.1 million and were accounted for as a deduction from retained earnings. On 10 December 2021  under the authority granted at the Company’s extraordinary General Meeting held on 9 December 2021  and in accordance with Section 105(1) and Section 106(1) of the Companies Act 2014 and article 47 and article 48 of the Articles of Association  the Company completed a tender offer buyback of 14 814 412 ordinary shares of €0.001 each in the capital of the Company representing 13.5% of the then called-up share capital of the Company for a total cash consideration of $81.6 million. The tender offer share buyback was funded from distributable reserves and all ordinary shares acquired by the Company were subsequently cancelled. Transaction costs associated with the transaction amounted to $1.5 million and were accounted for as a deduction from retained earnings. 14. Bank loans 2022$’000 2021$’000 Borrowings 78 578 148 099 The borrowings are repayable as follows: Less than one year 33 653 73 342 Between two and five years 47 142 78 572 80 795 151 914 Transaction costs (2 217) (3 815) Total carrying amount 78 578 148 099 BorrowingsOn 11 December 2019  the Group entered into debt facilities with Absa Bank Limited (acting through its Corporate and Investment Banking Division) (“Absa”)  The Emerging Africa Infrastructure Fund (part of the Private Infrastructure Development Group) (“EAIF”)  Nedbank Limited (acting through its Nedbank Corporate and Investment Banking division) (“Nedbank”)  Rand Merchant Bank and Standard Bank Group (“Standard Bank”). The debt facilities comprise a $110 million Term Loan Facility and a $40 million Revolving Credit Facility that share common terms and a common security package. The finance documentation also accommodates for a Mine Closure Guarantee Facility (provided by either the existing lenders or other finance providers) of up to $40 million  with the provider(s) of such a facility sharing in the common security package. The potential total aggregate principal amount of indebtedness secured under the finance documentation is therefore $190 million. The transaction costs for arrangement of the debt facilities amounted to $6.5 million. The Term Loan Facility has a final maturity date of 11 March 2025. Interest is at LIBOR plus 5.40% per annum. Repayment is in seven equal semi-annual instalments  beginning 11 March 2022. On 21 July 2022 the Revolving Credit Facility was extended by 12 months and now has a maturity date of 11 December 2023  which is extendable by a further 12 months subject to lender consent. As at the end of the period  interest is at LIBOR plus 4.25% per annum (5.0% up to 11 December 2022). The Group entered into a mine closure guarantee facility with Absa Bank Moçambique SA effective from 1 July 2022 for an amount of $18.9 million. This guarantee shares the security package with the Term Loan Facility and Revolving Credit Facility on a pro rata and pari passu basis. The security package consists of (a) security over the Group’s bank accounts (subject to certain exceptions)  (b) pledges of the shares of Kenmare Moma Processing (Mauritius) Limited and Kenmare Moma Mining (Mauritius) Limited (the “Project Companies”)  (c) security over intercompany loans  and (d) Mozambican law security interests over certain rights and agreements with Mozambican authorities  including over the Implementation Agreement  the Mineral Licensing Contract and the Mining Licence. The carrying amount of the secured bank accounts of the Group was $102.9 million as at 31 December 2022 (2021: $66.9 million). The shares of the Project Companies and intercompany loans are not included in the consolidated statement of financial position as they are eliminated on consolidation. They  therefore  do not have a carrying amount but  upon enforcement of the pledges on behalf of the lender group  the shares in the Project Companies would cease to be owned or controlled by the Group. The secured rights and agreements do not have a carrying amount. They are  however  necessary for the Project Companies to operate the Mine in Mozambique. At 31 December 2022  total debt of $78.6 million (2021: $148.1 million) was recognised by the Group. The $40 million Revolving Credit Facility was repaid in full in February 2022 and a further $20 million was drawn down in September 2022 and subsequently repaid in November 2022. $31.4 million of principal repayments were made against the Term Loan over the course of the year. Unamortised transaction costs of $2.2 million (2021: $3.8 million) plus interest amortised of $2.2 million (2021: $2.0 million) were recognised by the Group at 31 December 2022. Reconciliation of movements of debt to cash flows arising from financing activities (excluding leases) 2022$’000 2021$’000 Bank loans Balance at 1 January 148 099 145 771 Cash movements Loan interest paid (6 921) (7 147) Principal paid (91 429) (20 000) Loan drawn down 20 000 20 000 Non-cash movements Loan interest accrued 8 829 9 475 Balance at 31 December 78 578 148 099 IBOR reform A fundamental reform of major interest rate benchmarks is being undertaken globally  including the replacement of some interbank offered rates (IBORs) with alternative nearly risk-free rates (referred to as “IBOR reform”)  including LIBOR (the London Interbank Offered Rate). The Group had  at the reporting date  exposure to US LIBOR on its debt facilities. Pursuant to an Amendment and Restatement Agreement entered into on 9 March 2023 in respect of the Group’s debt facilities  the basis on which interest is calculated in respect of those facilities were amended with effect from 11 March 2023. As a result of the amendment  interest rates for interest periods commencing from 11 March 2023 onwards are no longer determined by reference to US LIBOR; instead they are determined on the basis of the applicable Term SOFR Rate. While US LIBOR represented an inter-bank lending rate  Term SOFR is a published screen rate derived from SOFR  being the secured overnight financing rate (SOFR) administered by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York. As SOFR represents a risk-free rate  a credit adjustment spread is applied in addition  which spread varies according to the length of the relevant interest period. The 6-month SOFR rate set on 11 March 2023 for the next interest period to 11 September 2023 was 5.4%. The credit adjustment spread of 0.4% plus the margin of 5.4% results in an interest rate of 11.2% on the Term Loan. The Group has concluded that the new basis for determining cashflows is economically equivalent to the previous basis. CovenantsThe finance documents contain a number of representations  covenants and events of default on customary terms  the breach of which could lead to the secured parties under the finance documentation accelerating the outstanding loans and taking other enforcement steps  such as the enforcement of some or all of the security interests  which could lead to  in extremis  the Group losing its interest in the Mine. The most salient of the relevant terms that could lead to acceleration of the loans and/or enforcement of security are the financial covenants. All covenants have been complied with during the year. The key financial covenants are detailed below: As at31 December2022 As at31 December2021 Covenant Interest Coverage Ratio 34.96:1 21.8:1 Not less than 4.00:1 Net Debt to EBITDA (0.09):1 0.38:1 Not greater than 2.00:1 Debt Service Coverage Ratio 3.11:1 22.3:1 Not less than 1.20:1 Liquidity $148 271 000 $69 057 000 Not less than $15 000 000 Reserve Tail Ratio 81% 78% Not less than 30% The definition of the covenants under the debt facilities are set out below: • Interest Coverage Ratio is defined as the ratio of EBITDA to Net Interest Cost. • Net Debt is defined as total financial indebtedness excluding leases less consolidated cash and cash equivalents. • The Debt Service Coverage Ratio is the ratio of cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of a reporting period plus available facilities plus cash generated in the period to debt repayments in the period. • Liquidity is defined as consolidated cash and cash equivalents plus undrawn amounts of the Revolving Credit Facility. • Reserve Tail Ratio means the reserve tail ratio  expressed as a percentage of the termination date reserves (estimated remaining reserves in March 2025) divided by the initial reserves (estimated reserves in December 2019). 15. Provisions 2022$’000 2021$’000 Mine closure provision 16 623 35 959 Mine rehabilitation provision 4 121 3 998 Other provisions – 2 264 20 744 42 221 Current 998 3 222 Non-current 19 746 38 999 20 744 42 221 MineClosureProvision$’000 MineRehabilitationProvision$’000OtherProvisions Total$’000 At 1 January 2021 37 451 3 893 – 41 344 (Decrease)/increase in provision during the financial year (2 239) 470 2 264 495 Provision utilised during the financial year – (365) – (365) Unwinding of the discount 747 – – 747 At 1 January 2022 35 959 3 998 2 264 42 221 (Decrease)/Increase in provision during the financial year (20 080) 4 131 948 (15 001) Provision utilised during the financial year – (4 008) (3 212) (7 220) Unwinding of the discount 744 – – 744 At 31 December 2022 16 623 4 121 – 20 744 The Mine closure provision represents the Directors’ best estimate of the Project Companies’ liability for close-down  dismantling and restoration of the mining and processing site. A corresponding amount equal to the provision is recognised as part of property  plant and equipment. The costs are estimated on the basis of a formal closure plan  are subject to regular review and are estimated based on the net present value of estimated future costs. Mine closure costs are a normal consequence of mining  and the majority of close-down and restoration expenditure is incurred at the end of the life of the Mine. The unwinding of the discount is recognised as a finance cost and $0.7 million (2021: $0.7 million) has been recognised in the statement of comprehensive income for the financial year. The main assumptions used in the calculation of the estimated future costs include: • a discount rate of 4.0% (2021: 2.1%);• an inflation rate of 2% (2021: 2%);• an estimated life of mine of 40 years (2021: 40 years). It is assumed that all licences and permits required to operate will be renewed or extended during the life of mine; and• an estimated closure cost of $34.1 million (2021: $34.1 million) and an estimated post-closure monitoring provision of $3.9 million (2021: $3.9 million). The life of mine plan is based on the Namalope  Nataka  Pilivili and Mualadi reserves and resources as set out in the reserve and resources table. Specific resource material is included only where there is a high degree of confidence in its economic extraction. The Mine closure provision has decreased by $20.1 million as a result of a change in the discount rate from 2.1% to 4.0%. The discount rate is a significant factor in determining the Mine closure provision. The discount rate increased to 4.0% (2021: 2.1%) as a result of movements in the US Treasury rates. Thirty-year US Treasury yields are the longest period for which yields are quoted. A 40-year rate to align with the estimated life of mine has been calculated by taking the average of the increase in yield from 10 to 20 years and the increase in yield from 20 to 30 years and adding this average to the 30-year Treasury rate to arrive at an estimated extrapolated rate for 40 years. This discount rate is deemed to provide the best estimate of the current market assessment of the risk-free time value of money. Risks specific to the liability are included in the cost estimate. A reasonable possible increase of 1% in the estimated discount rate results in the Mine closure provision decreasing to $11.2 million. A 1% decrease in the estimated discount rate results in the Mine closure provision increasing to $24.7 million. The Mine rehabilitation provision represents the Directors’ best estimate of the Company’s liability for rehabilitating areas disturbed by mining activities. Rehabilitation costs are recognised based on the area disturbed and estimated cost of rehabilitation per hectare  which is reviewed regularly against actual rehabilitation cost per hectare. Actual rehabilitation expenditure is incurred approximately 12 months after the area has been disturbed. During the financial year  there was a release of $4.0 million (2021: $0.4 million) to reflect the actual mine rehabilitation costs incurred  and an addition to the provision of $4.1 million (2021: $0.5 million) for areas newly disturbed. Other provisions comprise an amount of $nil (2021: $2.3 million) in relation to a potential indirect tax liability. The matter was resolved following a final settlement of $3.2 million with the Mozambican Tax Authority during the year. 16. Trade and other payables 2022$’000 2021$’000 Trade payables 7 305 7 186 Deferred income 2 740 – Accruals 25 248 25 582 35 293 32 768 Included in accruals at the financial year end is an amount of $1.6 million (2021: $1.6 million) for payroll and social insurance taxes. Deferred income relates to sales contracts which contain separate performance obligations for the sale of mineral products and the provision of freight services. The portion of the revenue representing the obligation to perform the freight service is deferred and recognised over time as the obligation is fulfilled  along with the associated costs. 17. Current tax liabilities 2022$’000 2021$’000 Current tax liabilities 8 893 4 808 Refer to Note 6 for further information on the Group’s tax expense. 18. Financial instruments 2022 2021 Carrying amount$’000 Fair value$’000 Carrying amount$’000 Fair value$’000 Financial assets at fair value through profit and loss Trade receivables1 31 188 31 188 Level 2 37 086 37 086 Level 2 Financial assets at fair value through OCI Trade receivables2 43 065 43 065 Level 2 14 539 14 539 Level 2 Financial assets not measuredat fair value Trade receivables3 30 717 30 717 Level 2 14 579 14 579 Level 2 Cash and cash equivalents 108 271 108 271 Level 2 69 057 69 057 Level 2 213 241 213 241 135 261 135 261 Financial liabilities not measuredat fair value Bank loans 78 578 80 795 Level 2 148 099 148 827 Level 2 The carrying amounts and fair values of financial assets and financial liabilities including their levels in fair value hierarchy are detailed above. The table does not include fair value information for other receivables  prepayments  trade payables and accruals as these are not measured at fair value as the carrying amount is a reasonable approximation of their fair value. Trade receivables which are factored through the Absa Bank facility or letters of credit which are discounted through the Barclays Bank facility are initially measured at fair value and subsequently measured at fair value through profit or loss (FVTPL). Trade receivables or letters of credit where it is not known at initial recognition if they will be factored are classified as fair value through other comprehensive income (FVOCI). Trade receivables which will not be factored and for which balances will be recovered under the sale contract credit terms are classified and subsequently measured at amortised cost. In the case of factored receivables  the Group derecognises the discounted receivable to which the arrangement applies when payment is received from the bank as the terms of the arrangement are non-recourse. The payment to the bank by the Group’s customers are considered non-cash transactions for the purposes of the consolidated statement of cashflows. The valuation technique used in measuring Level 2 fair values is discounted cash flows  which considers the expected receipts or payments discounted using adjusted market discount rates or where these rates are not available estimated discount rates. The Group has exposure to credit risk  liquidity risk and market risk arising from financial instruments. Risk management frameworkThe Board is ultimately responsible for risk management within the Group. It has delegated responsibility for the monitoring of the effectiveness of the Group’s risk management and internal control systems to the Audit & Risk Committee. The Board and Audit & Risk Committee receive reports from executive management on the key risks to the business and the steps being taken to mitigate such risks. The Audit & Risk Committee is assisted in its role by internal audit. Internal audit undertakes both regular and ad hoc reviews of risk management controls and procedures  the results of which are reported to the Audit & Risk Committee. Credit riskCredit risk is the risk of financial loss to the Group if a customer or a counterparty to a financial instrument fails to meet its contractual obligations and arises principally from the Group’s trade receivables from customers. The carrying amount of financial assets represents the maximum credit exposure. The Group’s exposure to credit risk is influenced by the individual circumstances of each customer. The Group also considers the factors that may influence the credit risk of its customer base  including the default risk associated with the industry and country in which customers operate. The Group reduces its exposure to customers perceived to have a higher credit risk through a letter of credit trade facility. Under this facility  Barclays Bank confirms the letter of credit from the issuing bank and therefore assumes the credit risk. The Group’s customers have been transacting with the Group for a significant number of years  and no customers’ balances have been written off or are credit impaired at the financial year end. In monitoring customer credit risk  customers are regularly reviewed individually and the Group has not identified any factors that would merit reducing exposure to any particular customer. The Group does not require collateral in respect of trade receivables. The gross exposure to credit risk for trade receivables by geographic region was as follows: 2022$’000 2021$’000 China 19 009 37 120 Asia (excluding China) 17 243 5 127 Europe 45 806 15 410 USA 22 776 8 547 Africa 136 – Total 104 970 66 204 At 31 December 2022  $35.4 million (2021: $41.3 million) is due from the Group’s three largest customers. A summary of the Group’s exposure to credit risk for trade receivables is as follows: 2022$’000 2021$’000 External credit ratings at least Baa3 (Moody’s) 31 188 37 535 External credit ratings Ba3 to Ba1 (Moody’s) – 19 051 Other 75 316 10 042 Total gross carrying amount 106 504 66 628 Loss allowance (1 534) (424) Total 104 970 66 204 The following table provides ageing information relevant to the exposure to credit risk for trade receivables from individual customers. No balances were considered credit impaired at 31 December 2022 or 31 December 2021. Current$’000 More than30 dayspast due$’000 More than60 dayspast due$’000 More than90 dayspast due$’000 Total$’000 2022 104 962 – – 8 104 970 2021 66 133 – – 71 66 204 Expected credit loss assessment of trade receivablesFor trade receivables measured at fair value through OCI and trade receivables measured at amortised cost  the Group allocates to each customer a credit risk grade based on data that is determined to be predictive of the risk of loss (including but not limited to external ratings  financial statements and available market information about customers) and applying experienced credit judgement. The following table provides information about the exposure to credit risk and expected credit losses as at 31 December 2022. Equivalent to Moody’s credit rating Weight average loss rate Gross carrying amount$’000 Impairment loss allowance$’000 Credit impaired Other 2.0% 75 316 1 534 No The following table provides information about the exposure to credit risk and expected credit losses as at 31 December 2021. Equivalent to Moody’s credit rating Weight average loss rate Gross carrying amount$’000 Impairment loss allowance$’000 Credit impaired Baa3 to AAA 0.30% 25 – No Ba3 to Ba1 1.30% 19 051 248 No Other 1.75% 10 042 176 No 29 118 424 The movement in expected credit losses in respect of trade receivables were measured at amortised cost or fair value through other comprehensive income during the year was as follows: 2022$’000 2021$’000 Balance at 1 January 424 199 Net remeasurement of loss allowance 1 110 225 Balance at 31 December 1 534 424 The credit risk on cash and cash equivalents is limited because funds are deposited with banks with high credit ratings assigned by international credit rating agencies. For deposits in excess of $75 million the Group requires that the institution has an A– (S&P)/A3 (Moody’s) long-term rating. For deposits in excess of $50 million  the Group requires that the institution has a BB– (S&P)/Ba3 (Moody’s) long-term rating. At 31 December 2022 and 2021 cash was deposited with the following banks: 2022 2021 Long-term credit rating Long-term credit rating $ million S&P Moody’s $ million S&P Moody’s Barclays Bank plc 81.4 A Positive A–1 Stable 60.8 A Positive A–1 Stable FirstRand Bank Limited – BBB – Positive Ba2 Stable 5.1 BBB– Stable Ba2 Negative HSBC Bank plc 1.0 AA – Stable A1 – Stable 0.8 A+ Stable A1 Stable Absa Bank Limited 20.5 BB – Stable Ba2 Negative 2.0 BBB– Stable Ba2 Negative Liquidity riskLiquidity risk is the risk that the Group will encounter difficulty in meeting the obligations associated with its financial liabilities that are settled in cash payments. The Group’s objective when managing liquidity is to ensure that it will have sufficient liquidity to meet its liabilities when they are due. The Group monitors mine payment forecasts  both operating and capital  which assist it in monitoring cash flow requirements and optimising its cash return on investments. The Group aims to maintain the level of its cash and cash equivalents at an amount in excess of expected cash outflows on financial liabilities. The Group monitors the level of expected cash inflows on trade receivables together with expected cash outflows on trade and other payables. The Group has a trade finance facility with Absa Bank for three of the Group’s largest customers. In accordance with this facility  the bank purchases certain customer receivables without recourse. The facility is for a maximum amount of $30 million with limits on the maximum amount that can be factored for each of the customers named in the facility. During the period  no trade receivables were factored under this agreement. At the year end  trade receivables amounting to $43.1 million (2021: $14.5 million) may be factored under this facility and are therefore included in trade receivables measured at fair value through OCI as at 31 December 2022. The cost of this facility for the period  which amounted to $0.2 million (2021: $0.2 million)  is included in finance costs in the statement of comprehensive income and in net cash from operating activities in the statement of consolidated cash flows. The Group has a trade facility with Barclays Bank for customers which it sells to under letter of credit terms. Under this facility  Barclays Bank confirms the letter of credit from the issuing bank and therefore assumes the credit risk. Barclays Bank can also discount these letters of credit thereby providing early payment of receivables to the Group. There is no limit under the Barclays Bank facility. During the period  trade receivables of $201.4 million (2021: $224.4 million) were discounted under this facility. At the year end  there were $31.2 million (2021: $37.1 million) of trade receivables which will be discounted under this facility. The cost of this facility for the period  which amounted to $2.0 million (2021: $1.2 million)  is included in finance costs in the statement of comprehensive income and in net cash from operating activities in the statement of consolidated cash flows. The table below summarises the maturity profile of the Group’s financial liabilities at 31 December 2022 based on the gross contractual undiscounted payments: Financial liabilities Total$’000 Less thanone year$’000 Betweentwo and five years$’000 More thanfive years$’000 Bank loans 89 536 38 005 51 531 – Lease liabilities 2 409 390 1 447 572 Trade and other payables 32 553 32 553 – – 124 498 70 948 52 978 572 The table below summarises the maturity profile of the Group’s financial liabilities at 31 December 2021 based on the gross contractual undiscounted payments: Financial liabilities Total$’000 Less thanone year$’000 Betweentwo and five years$’000 More thanfive years$’000 Bank loans 151 914 73 342 78 572 – Lease liabilities 2 684 1 207 1 317 160 Trade and other payables 32 768 32 768 – – 187 366 107 317 79 889 160 As disclosed in Note 14  the Group has bank loans that contain loan covenants. A future breach of covenant may require the Group to repay the loan earlier than indicated in the above table. Under the loan agreement  the covenants are monitored on a regular basis by Group finance and regularly reported to management and the lenders to ensure compliance with the agreement. Furthermore  the group has authorised and committed expenditure on operations-related capital projects amounting to $11.5 million (2021: $18.9 million). Risk concentrationConcentrations arise when a number of counterparties are engaged in similar business activities  or activities in the same geographical region  or have economic features that would cause their ability to meet contractual obligations to be similarly affected by changes in economic  political or other conditions. Concentrations indicate the relative sensitivity of the Group’s performance to developments affecting a particular industry. The Group evaluates the concentration of risk with respect to trade receivables as low  as its customers are located in several jurisdictions and industries and operate in largely independent markets. Details of concentration of revenue are included in Note 2. Market riskMarket risk is risk that changes in market prices  foreign exchange rates and interest rates will affect the Group’s income statement. The objective of market risk management is to manage and control market risk exposures while optimising returns. Currency riskThe Group is exposed to transactional foreign currency risk to the extent that there is a mismatch between the currencies in which sales  purchases  receivables and borrowings are denominated and the respective functional currencies of Group companies. The functional currency of all Group entities is US Dollars. The presentational currency of the Group is US Dollars. Sales and bank loans are denominated in US Dollars  which significantly reduces the exposure of the Group to foreign currency risk. Payable transactions are denominated in Mozambican Metical  South African Rand  Euro  Sterling  Australian Dollar and Renminbi. Exposure to currency riskThe Group’s gross exposure to currency risk as at 31 December 2022 is as follows. Mozambican Metical$’000 South African Rand$’000 Euro$’000 Sterling$’000 Australian Dollar$’000 Renminbi$’000 Trade and other receivables 12 172 756 489 72 88 – Cash and cash equivalents 1 397 12 894 892 1 129 17 34 Bank loans – – – – – – Leases – – (1 255) – – – Trade and other payables (20 367) (2 178) (502) (10) – – Net exposure (6 798) 11 472 (376) 1 191 105 34 The Group’s exposure to currency risk as at 31 December 2021 is as follows. Mozambican Metical$’000 South African Rand$’000 Euro$’000 Sterling$’000 Australian Dollar$’000 Renminbi$’000 Trade and other receivables 2 717 1 275 928 55 364 – Cash and cash equivalents 1 030 2 337 479 338 6 36 Bank loans – – – – – – Leases – – (1 528) – – – Trade and other payables (14 082) (1 905) (2 395) (35) (68) – Net exposure (10 335) 1 707 (2 516) 358 302 36 Sensitivity analysisA reasonably possible strengthening or weakening of the Mozambique Metical  South African Rand  Euro  Sterling  Australian Dollar and Renminbi by 10% against the US Dollar would have affected profit or loss by the amounts shown below. The analysis assumes that all other variables remain constant. Profit or loss Mozambican Metical$’000 South African Rand$’000 Euro$’000 Sterling$’000 AustralianDollar$’000 Renminbi$’000 31 December 2022 Strengthening (680) 1 147 (38) 119 11 3 Weakening 680 (1 147) 38 (119) (11) (3) 31 December 2021 Strengthening (1 030) 170 (250) 40 30 4 Weakening 1 030 (170) 250 (40) (30) (4) Interest rate riskThe loan facilities are arranged at variable rates and expose the Group to cash flow interest rate risk. Variable rates are based on six-month LIBOR. The borrowing rate at financial year end was 9.2% (2021: 5.8%). The interest rate profile of the Group’s loan balances at the financial year end was as follows: 2022$’000 2021$’000 Variable rate debt 80 795 151 914 Under the assumption that all other variables remain constant  a reasonable possible change of 1% in the six-month LIBOR rate results in a $0.8 million (2021: $1.5 million) change in finance costs for the financial year. The above sensitivity analyses are estimates of the impact of market risks assuming the specified change occurs. Actual results in the future may differ materially from these results due to developments in the global financial markets  which may cause fluctuations in interest rates to vary from the assumptions made above and therefore should not be considered a projection of likely future events. As disclosed in Note 14  pursuant to an Amendment and Restatement Agreement entered into on 9 March 2023 in respect of the Group’s debt facilities  the basis on which interest is calculated in respect of those facilities were amended with effect from 11 March 2023. As a result of the amendment  interest rates for interest periods commencing from 11 March 2023 onwards are no longer determined by reference to US LIBOR; instead they are determined on the basis of the applicable Term SOFR Rate. The Group has concluded that the transition to the applicable SOFR rate will not result in a substantial change to finance costs during 2023. Note 19. Events after the statement of financial position date On 21 March  the Board proposed a dividend of USc43.33 per share. This proposed dividend is subject to approval by the shareholders at the Annual General Meeting. These financial statements do not reflect this dividend. In February 2023  power lines nearby the mine were subject to a direct lightning strike of unusually high intensity resulting in severe disruption to mining operations. The Group is working to establish and mitigate the capital and operating cost impacts of the disruptions and a reliable estimate cannot be made at this time. Insurance cover is in place and Kenmare is liaising with its insurers to process claims in relation to the lightning strike. GLOSSARY - ALTERNATIVE PERFORMANCE MEASURES Certain financial measures set out in the Preliminary Results to 31 December 2022 are not defined under International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS)  but represent additional measures used by the Board to assess performance and for reporting both internally and to shareholders and other external users. Presentation of these Alternative Performance Measures (APMs) provides useful supplemental information which  when viewed in conjunction with the Group’s IFRS financial information  allows for a more meaningful understanding of the underlying financial and operating performance of the Group. These non-IFRS measures should not be considered as an alternative to financial measures as defined under IFRSs. Descriptions of the APMs included in this report  as well as their relevance for the Group  are disclosed below. APM Description Relevance EBITDA Operating profit/loss before depreciation and amortisation Eliminates the effects of financing  tax and depreciation to allow assessment of the earnings and performance of the Group EBITDA margin Percentage of EBITDA to Revenue (FOB) Provides a group margin for the earnings and performance of the Group Capital costs Additions to property  plant and equipment in the period Provides the amount spent by the Company on additions to property  plant and equipment in the period Cash operating cost per tonne of finished product produced Cost of sales and administration costs less freight  foreign exchange  depreciation and amortisation  expected credit losses  share based payment expense  mineral inventory movements and the indirect tax provision  divided by final product production (tonnes) Eliminates the non-cash impact on costs to identify the actual cash outlay for production and  as production levels increase or decrease  highlights operational performance by providing a comparable cash cost per tonne of product produced over time Cash operating cost per tonne of ilmenite net of co-products Cash operating costs less revenue of zircon  rutile and mineral sands concentrates  divided by ilmenite production (tonnes) Eliminates the non-cash impact on costs to identify the actual cash outlay for production and  as production levels increase or decrease  highlights operational performance by providing a comparable cash cost per tonne of ilmenite produced over time Net cash/debt Bank loans before transaction costs  loan amendment fees and expenses net of cash and cash equivalents Measures the amount the Group would have to raise through refinancing  asset sale or equity issue if its debt were to fall due immediately  and aids in developing an understanding of the leveraging of the Group ROCE Return on capital employed ROCE measures how efficiently we generate profits from investment in our portfolio of assets Shareholder returns Dividends and share buybacks Shareholder returns comprise the interim dividend  the proposed final dividend to be approved by shareholders at the AGM and any share buybacksEBITDA 2018 Restated$m 2019 Restated$m 2020 Restated$m 2021 Restated$m 2022$m Operating profit 62.9 57.3 33.4 151.1 233.4 Depreciation 30.4 33.4 42.3 63.1 64.6 EBITDA 93.3 90.7 75.7 214.2 298.0 EBITDA margin 2018 Restated$m 2019 Restated$m 2020 Restated$m 2021 Restated$m 2022$’m EBITDA 93.3 90.7 75.7 214.2 298.0 Revenue derived from the sale of mineral product 245.9 255.5 231.5 420.5 498.4 EBITDA margin (%) 38% 35% 33% 51% 60% Cash operating cost per tonne of finished product 2018 Restated$m 2019 Restated$m 2020 Restated$m 2021 Restated$m 2022$m Cost of sales 184.6 195.7 192.3 295.0 282.7 Freight (16.3) (15.4) (12.2) (35.4) (27.6) Foreign exchange included in cost of sales – (1.9) (1.0) (1.9) (1.1) Cost of sales excluding freight and foreign exchange 168.3 178.4 179.1 257.7 254.0 Administrative expenses 14.7 17.9 18.1 9.8 9.9 Total operating costs less freight and foreign exchange 183.0 196.3 197.2 267.5 263.9 Non-cash costs Depreciation and amortisation (30.4) (33.4) (42.3) (63.1) (64.6) Expected credit losses – – – (0.2) (1.1) Share-based payments (1.4) (1.8) (0.5) (1.1) (2.2) Mineral product inventory movements 0.1 (4.5) 4.9 (9.3) 21.6 Indirect tax provision 0.0 0.0 0.0 (2.0) (0.9) Total cash operating costs 151.3 156.6 159.3 191.8 216.7 Final product production tonnes 1 043 300 988 300 840 500 1 228 500 1 200 800 Cash operating cost per tonne of finished product $145 $158 $190 $156 $180 Cash operating cost per tonne of ilmenite 2018 Restated$m 2019 Restated$m 2020 Restated$m 2021 Restated$m 2022$’m Total cash operating costs 151.3 156.6 159.3 191.8 216.7 Less revenue from co-products zircon rutile and mineral sands concentrate (75.1) (84.5) (63.2) (85.8) (150.9) Total cash costs less co-product revenue 76.2 72.1 96.1 106 65.8 Ilmenite product production tonnes 958 500 892 900 756 000 1 119 400 1 088 300 Cash operating cost per tonne of ilmenite $79 $81 $127 $95 $60 Net cash/debt 2018$’m 2019$’m 2020$’m 2021$’m 2022$’m Bank debt (83.5) (60.9) (145.8) (148.1) (78.6) Transaction costs – (6.6) (5.4) (3.8) (2.2) Gross debt (83.5) (67.5) (151.2) (151.9) (80.8) Cash and cash equivalents 97.0 81.2 87.2 69.1 108.3 Net cash/(debt) 13.5 13.7 (64.0) (82.8) 27.5 Return on Capital Employed 2018 Restated$m 2019 Restated$m 2020 Restated$m 2021 Restated$m 2022$’m Operating profit 62.9 57.3 33.4 151.1 233.4 Total Equity and Non-Current Liabilities 932.7 984.0 1 087.5 1 045.4 1 171.0 ROCE 7% 6% 3% 15% 20% GLOSSARY - TERMS Term Description AGM Annual general meeting CIF The seller delivers when the goods pass the ship’s rail in the port of shipment. Seller must pay the cost and freight necessary to bring goods to named port of destination. Risk of loss and damage are the same as CFR. Seller also has to procure marine insurance against buyer’s risk of loss/damage during the carriage. Seller must clear the goods for export. This term can only be used for sea transport. CFR This term means the seller delivers when the goods pass the ship’s rail in port of shipment. Seller must pay the costs and freight necessary to bring the goods to the named port of destination  but the risks of loss or damage  as well as any additional costs due to events occurring after the time of delivery  are transferred from seller to buyer. Seller must clear goods for export. This term can only be used for sea transport. The Company or Parent Company Kenmare Resources plc. DFS Definitive feasibility studies are the most detailed and will determine definitively whether to proceed with the project. A definitive feasibility study will be the basis for capital appropriation  and will provide the budget figures for the project. Detailed feasibility studies require a significant amount of formal engineering work and are accurate to within approximately 10-15%. EdM Electricidade de Moçambique. FOB Free on Board means that the seller delivers when the goods pass the ship’s rail at the named port of shipment. This means the buyer has to bear all costs and risks to the goods from that point. The seller must clear the goods for export. This term can only be used for sea transport. Gender diversity Percentage of females in the workforce at the Moma Mine. We recognise the benefits to our business of supporting diversity  equity  and inclusion for long-term sustainable success. Increased gender diversity has been an important metric at the Mine. GHG emissions Scope 1 & 2 Greenhouse Gas emissions. We acknowledge the human contribution to climate change and aim to reduce emissions from our already low carbon intensity operations. Group or Kenmare Kenmare Resources plc and its subsidiary undertakings. HMC Heavy mineral concentrate extracted from mineral sands deposits and which include ilmenite  zircon  rutile and other heavy minerals and silica. KMML Mozambique Branch Mozambique branch of Kenmare Moma Mining (Mauritius) Limited (KMML). KMPL Mozambique Branch Mozambique branch of Kenmare Moma Processing (Mauritius) Limited (KMPL). KRSP Kenmare Resources plc Restricted Share Plan Lenders Absa Bank Limited (acting through its Corporate and Investment Banking Division) (“Absa”)  The Emerging Africa Infrastructure Fund (part of the Private Infrastructure Development Group (“PIDG”)) (“EAIF”)  Nedbank Limited (acting through its Nedbank Corporate and Investment Banking division) (“Nedbank”)  Rand Merchant Bank and Standard Bank Group (“Standard Bank”). LTI Lost time injury. Measures the number of injuries at the mine that result in time lost from work. LTIFR Lost time injury frequency rate. Measures the number of injuries causing lost time per 200 000 man hours worked on site Marketing - finished products shipped Finished products shipped to customers during the period. Provides a measure of finished products shipped to customers Mining - HMC produced Heavy mineral concentrate extracted from mineral sands deposits and which includes ilmenite  zircon  rutile  concentrates and other heavy minerals and silica. Provides a measure of heavy mineral concentrate extracted from the Mine Moma  Moma Mine or the Mine The Moma Titanium Minerals Mine consisting of a heavy mineral sands mine  processing facilities and associated infrastructure  which is located in the north east coast of Mozambique under licence to the Project Companies. Mine Closure Guarantee Facility $40 million debt facility dated 11 December 2019 between the Lenders and KMML Mozambique Branch and KMPL Mozambique Branch. MSP Mineral Separation Plant. Mtpa Million tonnes per annum. NOSA National Occupational Safety Association OIA Oman Investment Authority formerly the State General Reserve Fund of the Sultanate of Oman. Odd lot offer The offer made by the Company to members in the UK and Ireland who held certificated holdings of less than 200 ordinary shares as described in the circular to shareholders dated 21 April 2022. Ordinary Shares Ordinary shares of €0.001 each in the capital of the Company. PFS A feasibility study is an evaluation of a proposed mining project to determine whether the mineral resource can be mined economically. Pre-feasibility study is used to determine whether to proceed with a detailed feasibility study and to determine areas within the project that require more attention. Pre-feasibility studies are done by factoring known unit costs and by estimating gross dimensions or quantities once conceptual or preliminary engineering and mine design has been completed. PM Atmospheric particulate matter - also known as particulate matter (PM) or particulates - are microscopic solid or liquid matter suspended in the Earth’s atmosphere. Processing - finished products produced Finished products produced by the mineral separation process. Provides a measure of finished products produced from the processing plants Project Companies Kenmare Moma Mining (Mauritius) Limited and Kenmare Moma Processing (Mauritius) Limited  wholly owned subsidiary undertakings of Kenmare Resources plc  which are incorporated in Mauritius. Revolving Credit Facility $40 million debt facility dated 11 December 2019 between the Lenders and KMML Mozambique Branch and KMPL Mozambique Branch. RUPS Rotary uninterruptible power supply TCFD Task Force on Climate Related Financial Disclosures Tender Offer The invitation by the Company to eligible shareholders to tender Ordinary Shares for purchase on-market by Peel Hunt LLP on the terms and subject to the conditions set out in",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.0,1.0,True,English,"['2022 Preliminary Results', 'AN Summary Quotes Charts News Ratings Calendar Company Financials Consensus Revisions Funds', 'Homepage Equities United Kingdom London Stock Exchange', 'Kenmare Resources plc News Summary KMR', 'Official Publications Sector news', 'higher total cash operating costs', 'Other languages Press Releases', 'Operational Heavy Mineral Concentrate', 'higher excavated ore volumes', 'Irish Dividend Withholding Tax', 'News Analyst Reco', 'Moma Titanium Minerals Mine', 'higher co-product revenues', 'Mineral product revenues', '2023 ilmenite production guidance range', 'higher product prices', 'list Report Report', 'Affirms Buy Rating', 'multiple email addresses', 'leading global producers', 'severe lightning strike', 'strong customer demand', 'stronger product pricing', 'Kenmare Resources PT', 'steady production volumes', 'net cash position', 'Currency election date', 'record product prices', 'finished product production', 'Financial Recommended 2022 dividend', 'Private investor webinar', '1,150,000 tonnes Dividend timetable', 'higher prices', 'labour costs', 'Company GL', 'The Company', 'cash equivalents', 'LSE:KMR', 'separate webinar', 'private investors', 'Record date', 'interim dividend', 'final dividend', 'financial performance', 'financial results', 'Ex-dividend date', 'AGM date', 'Payment date', 'Holding(s', 'Morgan Stanley', 'Preliminary Results', 'northern Mozambique', 'Michael Carvill', 'Managing Director', 'extended period', 'lower levels', '$110.3 million improvement', 'average price', 'electricity consumption', 'diluted earnings', 'transshipment vessel', 'Bronagh J', 'investor briefing', 'institutional investors', 'Participant dial', 'pin code', 'finished products', 'record year', 'conference call', 'record tonnes', 'twelve months', 'four months', 'First name', 'shareholder approval', 'exemption form', 'bottom end', '60% EBITDA margin', '09:00 UK time', '12 months', '1,586,200 tonnes', '1,555,900 tonnes', '1,088,300 tonnes', '1,119,400 tonnes', '1,075,600 tonnes', '12:30 UK', 'EDT', '00 GBX', 'Berenberg', 'Informa', 'weight', 'commas', 'Message', 'fields', 'Group', 'ISE', 'zircon', '31 December', 'Statement', 'February', 'rutile', 'market', 'highs', 'Q3', 'Board', 'USc32', '2022 overview', 'October', 'USc43', '18% increase', '42% increase', '13% increase', 'fuel', '16% increase', 'consequence', '2% decrease', '36% decrease', '39% increase', '60% increase', 'profit', '83% increase', 'HMC', 'Shipments', '16% decrease', 'maintenance', '1,050,000 to', 'dates', 'April', '12:00 noon', 'May', 'dividends', 'Registrar', 'analysts', 'lenders', 'media', 'numbers', 'Ireland', 'webcast', 'playback', 'Tuesday', 'March', '2021']",2023-03-22,2023-03-23,marketscreener.com
21170,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/KENMARE-RESOURCES-PLC-30340902/news/2022-Preliminary-Results-43306207/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230322,2022 Preliminary Results,(marketscreener.com) Kenmare Resources plc 22 March 2023 2022 PRELIMINARY RESULTS Kenmare Resources plc   one of the leading global producers of titanium minerals and zircon  which operates the Moma Titanium Minerals Mine in northern Mozambique  today announc…,"Homepage Equities United Kingdom London Stock Exchange Kenmare Resources plc News Summary KMR IE00BDC5DG00 KENMARE RESOURCES PLC (KMR) Add to my list Report Report Delayed London Stock Exchange - 12:35:21 2023-03-23 pm EDT 462.00 GBX +0.33% 10:14a Holding(s) in Company GL 09:17a Berenberg Lowers Kenmare Resources PT  Affirms Buy Rating MT 05:22a Morgan Stanley cuts Informa to 'equal-weight' AN Summary Quotes Charts News Ratings Calendar Company Financials Consensus Revisions Funds Summary Most relevant All News Analyst Reco. Other languages Press Releases Official Publications Sector news 2022 Preliminary Results 03/22/2023 | 03:02am EDT Send by mail :Name : First name : From * : To * : (You can enter multiple email addresses separated by commas) Message : * Required fields Kenmare Resources plc(“Kenmare” or “the Company” or “the Group”) 22 March 2023 2022 PRELIMINARY RESULTS Kenmare Resources plc (LSE:KMR  ISE:KMR)  one of the leading global producers of titanium minerals and zircon  which operates the Moma Titanium Minerals Mine (the ""Mine"" or ""Moma"") in northern Mozambique  today announces its preliminary results for the twelve months to 31 December 2022. Statement from Michael Carvill  Managing Director: “2022 was a record year of financial performance for Kenmare. Our financial results were driven by steady production volumes and record product prices. Mineral product revenues increased 18% and EBITDA rose by 39% to $298 million. We are tracking within guidance for 2023  despite suffering an extremely severe lightning strike which halted production for an extended period in February  albeit towards the bottom end of our range for ilmenite and rutile. In 2023  the market for our products remains buoyant  although at marginally lower levels than the highs of Q3 2022  with strong customer demand for volume. Kenmare moved to a net cash position of $27.5 million at the end of 2022  which represents a $110.3 million improvement over the 12 months. The Board is recommending a 2022 dividend of USc54.31 per share  up 66% from USc32.71 per share for 2021.” 2022 overview Financial Recommended 2022 dividend of $51.5 million or USc54.31 per share (2021: USc32.71)  up 66% on 2021  comprising an interim dividend of USc10.98 per share (paid in October 2022) and a final dividend of USc43.33 per share (payable May 2023)18% increase in mineral product revenue to $498.4 million in 2022 (2021: $420.5 million)  benefitting from a 42% increase in the average price received for Kenmare’s products13% increase in total cash operating costs to $216.7 million (2021: $191.8 million) as a result of higher prices for fuel and labour costs as well as increased electricity consumption16% increase in cash operating costs per tonne to $180 (2021: $156) as a consequence of higher total cash operating costs and a 2% decrease in finished product production36% decrease in cash operating cost per tonne of ilmenite to $60 (2021: $95) due to higher co-product revenues39% increase in EBITDA to $298.0 million (2021: $214.2 million)  due to stronger product pricing  representing a 60% EBITDA margin (2021: 51%)60% increase in profit after tax to $206.0 million (2021: $128.5 million) due to higher product prices83% increase in diluted earnings per share to $2.12 (2021: $1.16)Net cash of $27.5 million at year end 2022 (2021: $82.8 million net debt)  with cash and cash equivalents of $108.3 million (2021: $69.1 million)Operational Heavy Mineral Concentrate (“HMC”) production increased 2% in 2022 to 1 586 200 tonnes (2021: 1 555 900 tonnes)  benefitting from higher excavated ore volumes minedIlmenite production decreased 3% in 2022 to 1 088 300 tonnes (2021: 1 119 400 tonnes)Shipments of finished products of 1 075 600 tonnes in 2022  a 16% decrease compared to record tonnes shipped in 2021  reflecting four months planned maintenance on a transshipment vessel  the Bronagh J2023 ilmenite production guidance range of 1 050 000 to 1 150 000 tonnes Dividend timetable The Company confirms the dates for the proposed 2022 final dividend are as follows: Ex-dividend date 13 April 2023 Record date 14 April 2023 Currency election date 18 April 2023 at 12:00 noon (IST) AGM date for shareholder approval 11 May 2023 Payment date 19 May 2023 Irish Dividend Withholding Tax (25%) must be deducted from dividends paid by the Company  unless a shareholder is entitled to an exemption and has submitted a properly completed exemption form to the Company’s Registrar. Analyst and investor briefing and conference call Kenmare will host a briefing and conference call for analysts  institutional investors  lenders and media today at 09:00 UK time. Participant dial-in numbers for the conference call are as follows (a pin code is not required to access the call): UK: +44 (0) 20 3481 4247 Ireland: +353 (0) 1 582 2023 US: +1 (646) 307-1963 To register for the webcast click here. A playback of the webcast will be available at www.kenmareresources.com. Private investor webinar There will also be a separate webinar for private investors on Tuesday  28 March 2023 at 12:30 UK time. To access the webinar  please register in advance by clicking here. For further information  please contact: Kenmare Resources plcJeremy Dibb / Michael StarkeInvestor Relationsir@kenmareresources.comTel: +353 1 671 0411Mob: +353 87 943 0367 Murray Group (PR advisor)Paul O’Kanepokane@murraygroup.ieTel: +353 1 498 0300Mob: +353 86 609 0221 About Kenmare Resources Kenmare Resources plc is one of the world's largest producers of mineral sands products. Listed on the London Stock Exchange and the Euronext Dublin  Kenmare operates the Moma Titanium Minerals Mine in Mozambique. Moma's production accounts for approximately 7% of global titanium feedstocks and the Company supplies to customers operating in more than 15 countries. Kenmare produces raw materials that are ultimately consumed in everyday quality-of-life items such as paints  plastics and ceramic tiles. All monetary amounts refer to United States dollars unless otherwise indicated. Forward-Looking Statements This announcement contains some forward-looking statements that represent Kenmare's expectations for its business  based on current expectations about future events  which by their nature involve risks and uncertainties. Kenmare believes that its expectations and assumptions with respect to these forward-looking statements are reasonable. However  because they involve risk and uncertainty  which are in some cases beyond Kenmare's control  actual results or performance may differ materially from those expressed or implied by such forward-looking information. CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT Dear shareholders  Introduction It is a great honour to have succeeded Steven McTiernan as Chair of Kenmare following our AGM in May 2022. Kenmare has a world-class asset at Moma  a dedicated and talented workforce  safe and well-run operations  and a strong balance sheet. I’m delighted that the Company achieved record financial results in 2022  including revenues  profitability and dividends. A highlight of my year was getting out to site at Moma  meeting so many of our colleagues and seeing the passion and enthusiasm they have for our business. Our conversations really drove home to me the strength of Kenmare’s culture and how it is lived on a daily basis by staff at all levels of the business. The visit also provided an opportunity to see the new maternity unit at the Pilivilli health centre and inspect the high quality housing which was being built in preparation for the relocation of 86 households from the Isoa village. The Isoa relocation  which was completed in late 2022  has received extremely positive feedback: the new housing delivers a genuine uplift in living standards which I hope will be of lasting value to the community. Transition to Nataka Moma first achieved production in 2007  and 2022 marked 15 years of continuous operations there. The feasibility studies for the move to Nataka have demonstrated a clear route to the efficient and effective mining of this ore body and Wet Concentrator Plant (WCP) A is expected to begin transitioning to Nataka from 2025. Nataka represents the majority of our mineral resources and the detailed work we are doing now will underpin low-cost operations for decades to come. TZMI  the leading independent titanium minerals consultancy  has confirmed that Kenmare was a first quartile producer in 2021. When assessing financial investments  our priority is maintaining the best industry position possible on a sustainable basis to ensure strong business performance through the cycle. Further updates on the Nataka plans will be provided by the management team at the Capital Markets Day in April 2023. Shareholder returns 2022 marks the fourth consecutive year of dividend payments to shareholders. The Board is recommending a final dividend for 2022 of USc43.33 per share (2021: USc25.42)  taking total dividends to $51.5 million or USc54.31 per share (2021: USc32.71)  up 66% on 2021. Looking forward  Kenmare remains committed to returning excess cash to shareholders. In 2023 we expect to begin making capital investments to support the transition of WCP A to Nataka  and there will be a need to balance our planning for long-term returns to shareholders with these funding requirements. We intend to maintain a strong balance sheet as we fund this capital programme  recognising a less certain global economic outlook. Sustainability We achieved almost 12 million hours worked without a Lost Time Injury to late September 2022  representing more than 18 months of operations. This was a phenomenal achievement  made possible by the hard work and dedication of all our colleagues. Maintaining this focus on safety is an important goal for 2023. I am pleased that we have increased the number of female mine employees from 6.9% in 2018 to 14.5% at the end of 2022. This met our gender diversity target for the year but  looking beyond numerical targets  our talented female colleagues are demonstrating the real benefits of diversity through their invaluable contributions across the Kenmare team. We acknowledge the human contribution to climate change and aim to reduce emissions from our already low carbon intensity operations. Kenmare has an ambition to achieve Net Zero on Scope 1 and 2 emissions by 2040  through ongoing decarbonisation of our operations and active offsetting to abate residual emissions. Absolute greenhouse gas emissions reduced by 6% year on year in 2022  benefitting from the investment we made in Rotary Uninterruptible Power Supply (RUPS) to reduce the usage of diesel generators  whilst maintaining stable power to support operations at the Mineral Separation Plant. An extensive maintenance programme at the Mineral Separation Plant also delivered significant diesel efficiencies at the dryers. More details on our achievements  targets and challenges can be found in the Sustainability section of our Annual Report. Board Developments Steven McTiernan stepped down as Chair of the Board of Directors following our 2022 AGM  having served nine years on the Board  most of them as Chair. During his time Steven greatly improved the Board’s strength and diversity and its governance of Kenmare. I’d like to thank Steven for his guidance  dedication and the time he took to ensure a smooth handover. In May 2022  the Company announced that our longstanding Financial Director  Tony McCluskey  would be stepping down from the role. Alongside Michael Carvill  Tony led the Company from the exploration phase through to mine development and onto expansion and his dedication to the role was unwavering through his tenure. Tom Hickey was appointed as Tony’s replacement and brings significant financial and natural resources experience to Kenmare  having served for 15 years as Executive Director of several public companies  including eight years as Chief Financial Officer of the African and South American-focused oil and gas producer Tullow Oil plc. On 31 December 2022  Sameer Oundhakar stepped down from his role with Oman Investment Authority (OIA)  which controls African Acquisition S.à.r.l. (AAS)  one of Kenmare’s largest investors  and which had nominated Sameer to the Kenmare Board. As a result  he stepped down from the Kenmare Board on that date and AAS nominated Issa Al Balushi in his place  who was appointed as a Director in early 2023. Consequently  four of our nine Directors have been appointed in the last eighteen months. Priorities for 2023 include continued senior management succession planning. I was pleased to see that this year’s internal performance evaluation process indicated a high level of satisfaction with the composition  performance and effectiveness of the Board and Committees. We will continue to improve this effectiveness through a number of initiatives in 2023. Acknowledgements On behalf of the Board  I would like to thank Steven McTiernan and Tony McCluskey for their leadership and contributions to the growth of Kenmare over many years  making it the business it is today. Thank you to everyone who has contributed to the Company’s success over the past year: in particular our employees  customers  contractors  local communities and suppliers. We are a business of scale  supplying over 7% of global titanium feedstocks  and we are fortunate to have mineral resources to grow even further. We are continuing to invest in Moma to ensure a smooth transition to mining at Nataka  where the bulk of our mineral resources lie  whilst seeking to maintain a first quartile industry position for decades to come. I look to the future with great optimism and excitement and firmly believe that the successful transition to Nataka will establish a foundation for the long-term success of the Company  to the benefit of all our stakeholders. Andrew WebbChairman MANAGING DIRECTOR’S STATEMENT Dear shareholders  Introduction 2022 marked a year of outstanding financial performance for Kenmare  supported by strong product markets. Record revenue and EBITDA  for a second consecutive year  moved the Company into a net cash position by year end. This has enabled the Board to recommend significantly increased dividends  up 66% on 2021 to USc54.31 per share; also benefitting from the reduced share count related to the buyback completed in late 2021. After over 30 years with Kenmare  Tony McCluskey retired in 2022 and I’d like to personally thank him for his huge contribution. He leaves Kenmare in the strongest financial position in its history. I would also like to welcome Tom Hickey who has been appointed as Tony’s successor  an experienced CFO with 15 years as Executive Director in public companies and significant experience in natural resources and operating in Africa. Safety We achieved almost 12 million hours worked without any Lost Time Injuries (LTI) to late September 2022 – a huge achievement and testament to the strong safety culture we have been striving to build. While Kenmare’s LTIFR increased to 0.09 incidents per 200 000 hours worked compared to 0.03 in 2021  it nevertheless reduced by 50% relative to the 3-year rolling average of 0.18. For a seventh consecutive year we also retained our NOSA maximum five-star level  based on NOSA’s independent assessment of the safety systems and procedures at Moma. However  the three LTIs recorded in late 2022 have caused us to redouble efforts to ensure consistent observance of good safety practices. Sustainability At Kenmare  we have always tried to put Sustainability at the heart of everything we do by being a trusted corporate citizen that aims to deliver a net positive impact to all stakeholders. In 2022 the Company completed the RUPS project; this helps to mitigate power supply disruptions at the Mineral Separation Plant and successfully reduced outages during the 2022/3 wet season. It also helps to drive lower carbon emissions  through the reduced usage of diesel generators. The RUPS project is a good example of NPV positive projects that are also aligned to our goals of achieving Net Zero on Scope 1 and 2 emissions by 2040. We are working hard to identify more projects in the same vein. Kenmare prides itself on being an organisation where employees can continue to grow and develop over many years. It was particularly pleasing for me to present at our Long Service Awards ceremony at Moma in September 2022  where we congratulated almost 500 employees who had completed more than 10  20  or even 30 years of service. I was very honoured to see the long-term commitment many of our colleagues have made to the success of our business. We have continued to invest in our people. Each employee at Moma received an average of 46 hours of training during the year  including 186 employees taking part in a bespoke management and leadership coaching programme. We recently completed our second bi-annual employee engagement survey. Overall engagement levels were found to be 83%  which is high relative to the 65% average reported by the company that carried out the survey. However  the results are lower than our previous survey (2020: 97% engaged) and we will be analysing them closely to form thematic action plans. Operational performance In 2022  revised production guidance was achieved for ilmenite and rutile while original production guidance was achieved for primary zircon and concentrates. HMC production in 2022 was 1 586 200 tonnes  a 2% increase compared to 2021. Whilst this was a slight improvement  excavated ore and recoveries were impacted by power outages  difficult mining conditions and slimes  as well as the previously reported bad weather early in the year. Shipments were impacted by our Bronagh J transshipment vessel going into five-yearly dry dock for maintenance work in Q2/Q3 and by poor weather conditions. However  Q4 2022 was the strongest quarter of the year for shipments and close to a record  with 365 700 tonnes shipped  demonstrating our ability to achieve a 1.3 Mtpa run rate. Costs were negatively impacted by high inflation rates and unit costs were a product of lower production and higher operating costs. It has been a stated core strategy of the business to achieve a first quartile revenue to cash cost position in our industry and we were delighted that TZMI  the leading independent commodity consultancy in mineral sands  declared that Kenmare achieved this goal in respect of 2021. Product market Kenmare’s unique 100-year life-of-mine operation produces a range of titanium feedstocks and accounts for 7% of global titanium feedstock supply. Titanium is listed on the critical minerals list of a number of countries  including the US and in Europe  and used in a wide variety of applications such as providing opacity and colour in paints  paper  plastics  fabrics  inks  and in the manufacture of titanium metal. Zircon products are used in the ceramic industry and in the production of zirconia chemicals  which in turn are used in screens and electronics. Our mineral sands concentrate product contains Rare Earth Oxides which have also been highlighted as critical minerals for the energy transition. 2022 was a strong year for Kenmare’s sales. The average price of Kenmare’s product suite increased 42% to a record of $463/t as Kenmare continued to establish its position as a reliable supplier of titanium feedstocks. With security and reliability of supply increasingly prominent considerations for many downstream customers  we are seeing the market assign a greater value to Kenmare as a proven  stable long-term supplier  enabling us to place our products in the strongest downstream markets. As high-grade feedstocks continue to deplete  Kenmare’s position as the largest merchant supplier of ilmenite provides an optimal position from which to capitalise on ilmenite’s growing market share through beneficiation. It also enables us to invest for the future with confidence. The first half of 2022 saw momentum continue from 2021 as pigment producers operated at close to full capacity and were constrained due to shortages of titanium feedstocks. Pigment demand decreased throughout the year as the global economic outlook weakened and China’s zero-COVID-19 policy muted industrial activity. Pigment destocking and inflationary cost increases pressured pigment producers’ margins  forcing some producers to delay purchases  constrain production or idle pigment lines. We expect pigment stocks to have depleted in early 2023 with strong signs of increasing demand and the restarting of pigment lines. Despite increased pressure on the pigment market  Kenmare continued to see robust demand and in Q4 2022 achieved a ninth consecutive quarterly price increase for ilmenite. Capital projects To support the future mine life at Moma  we will need to transition production to Nataka  the largest ore zone in Moma’s portfolio  in the coming years. Studies to support WCP A’s transition to Nataka  which starts mining there from 2025  continue to progress well. Unlike the move of WCP B via road  WCP A will mine its way to a high-grade path in Nataka through a transition corridor from Namalope. Once WCP A has arrived in Nataka  the plant will spend the rest of its economic life there. The ore we mine contains very fine particles that do not settle easily in water - known as slimes. They cause challenges with our operations and slimes management is a key factor in keeping our operating costs low. The slimes levels in our mining path have been growing in recent years and the move to Nataka will further raise the levels of slimes encountered. Management of these conditions is essential to successful production at Nataka and we expect to introduce a dedicated desliming circuit at WCP A in advance of the move to fully address these operational challenges. Studies have been focused on the optimisation of mining in this new ore zone to make sure that we can remain in the first quartile of the revenue to cash cost position in our industry  as this is central to our strategy of ensuring strong cashflows through the cycle. This has involved extensive work developing a robust operating model and assessing the appropriate balance between capital and operating costs to obtain the optimal solution. Outlook I would like to thank all our colleagues who have continued to work tirelessly to support the growth of Kenmare. Working closely with our partners  particularly those in Mozambique  is a key element to our success and I would like to thank them all for their support last year. The work Kenmare completed since 2018 to increase production volumes  control costs and become a first quartile producer in our industry has built a great foundation. Despite a potentially softer global economy in the short term  we remain strongly positioned with record profitability. In 2023 we expect our product markets to be more challenging  although our fundamentals remain strong. We have an industry leading safety record and a long-life ore body  with mineral resources to support production for more than 100 years. Our robust balance sheet and strong cashflow generation give us confidence in our ability to maintain strong shareholder returns whilst funding the transition of WCP A  to secure mining for decades to come. I look forward to laying out our future plans in more detail at the Capital Markets Day on 26 April 2023. Michael CarvillManaging Director UNAUDITED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2022 Notes Unaudited2022$’000 2021 Restated*$’000 Revenue 2 525 988 455 944 Cost of sales 4 (282 694) (295 010) Gross profit 243 294 160 934 Administration Expenses 4 (9 862) (9 825) Operating profit 233 432 151 109 Finance income 5 1 147 265 Finance costs 5 (12 472) (14 078) Profit before tax 222 107 137 296 Income tax expense 6 (16 073) (8 770) Profit for the financial year and total comprehensive income for the financial year 206 034 128 526 Attributable to equity holders 206 034 128 526 $ per share $ per share Basic earnings per share 7 2.17 1.18 Diluted earnings per share 7 2.12 1.16 *Refer to Note 4 for further details on the 2021 restatement. The accompanying notes form part of these financial statements. UNAUDITED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION AS AT 31 DECEMBER 2022 Notes Unaudited2022$’000 2021$’000 Assets Non-current assets Property  plant and equipment 8 930 759 954 558 Right-of-use assets 9 1 608 2 136 932 367 956 694 Current assets Inventories 10 84 171 60 219 Trade and other receivables 11 124 018 74 747 Cash and cash equivalents 12 108 271 69 057 316 460 204 023 Total assets 1 248 827 1 160 717 Equity Capital and reserves attributable to the Company’s equity holders Called-up share capital 13 104 104 Share premium 545 950 545 950 Other reserves 232 759 230 539 Retained earnings 324 721 154 050 Total equity 1 103 534 930 643 Liabilities Non-current liabilities Bank loans 14 46 180 74 757 Lease liabilities 9 1 540 971 Provisions 15 19 746 38 999 67 466 114 727 Current liabilities Bank loans 14 32 398 73 342 Lease liabilities 9 245 1 207 Trade and other payables 16 35 293 32 768 Current tax liabilities 17 8 893 4 808 Provisions 15 998 3 222 77 827 115 347 Total liabilities 145 293 230 074 Total equity and liabilities 1 248 827 1 160 717 The accompanying notes form part of these financial statements. UNAUDITED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2022 Unaudited Called-Up ShareCapital$’000 UnauditedSharePremium$’000 Unaudited Other Reserves$’000 Unaudited RetainedEarnings$’000 UnauditedTotal$’000 Balance at 1 January 2021 120 545 950 231 350 123 083 900 503 Total comprehensive income for the year Profit for the financial year – – – 128 526 128 526 Total comprehensive income for the year – – – 128 526 128 526 Transactions with owners of the Company Recognition of share-based payment expense – – 3 420 – 3 420 Exercise of share-based payment awards – – (2 283) – (2 283) Unvested and expired share-based payments – – (1 964) 1 964 – Tender offer share buyback (16) – 81 605 (81 589) – Tender offer share buyback transaction costs – – – (1 540) (1 540) Cancellation of treasury shares – – (81 589) – (81 589) Dividends paid – – – (16 394) (16 394) Total contributions and distributions (16) – (811) (97 559) (98 386) Balance at 1 January 2022 104 545 950 230 539 154 050 930 643 Total comprehensive income for the year Profit for the financial year – – – 206 034 206 034 Total comprehensive income for the year – – – 206 034 206 034 Transactions with owners of the Company Recognition of share-based payment expense – – 5 601 – 5 601 Exercise of share-based payment awards – – (3 363) – (3 363) Shares acquired by the Kenmare Employee Benefit Trust – – (1 797) – (1 797) Shares distributed by the Kenmare Employee Benefit Trust – – 1 779 – 1 779 Odd lot offer share buyback – – 515 (515) – Cancellation of treasury shares – – (515) – (515) Odd lot offer share buyback transaction costs – – – (122) (122) Dividends paid – – – (34 726) (34 726) Total contributions and distributions – – 2 220 (35 363) (33 143) Balance at 31 December 2022 104 545 950 232 759 324 721 1 103 534 UNAUDITED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2022 Notes Unaudited2022$’000 2021$’000 Cash flows from operating activities Profit for the financial year after tax 206 034 128 526 Adjustment for: Foreign exchange movement included in operating costs 4 1 123 1 872 Expected credit losses 18 1 110 225 Share-based payments 5 601 3 420 Finance income 5 (1 147) (265) Finance costs 5 12 472 14 078 Income tax expense 6 16 073 8 770 Depreciation 8  9 64 596 63 136 305 862 219 762 Change in: Provisions (2 141) 2 372 Inventories (23 952) 3 451 Trade and other receivables (47 627) (45 057) Trade and other payables (1 680) (15 681) Exercise of share-based payment awards (1 566) (2 283) Cash generated from operating activities 228 896 162 564 Income tax paid (10 461) (6 284) Interest received 4 657 265 Interest paid 14 (6 921) (7 147) Factoring and other trade facility fees 5 (2 218) (1 431) Debt commitment fees paid 5 (534) (161) Net cash from operating activities 209 419 147 806 Investing activities Additions to property  plant and equipment 8 (59 867) (60 342) Net cash used in investing activities (59 867) (60 342) Financing activities Dividends paid (34 726) (16 394) Odd lot offer share buyback (515) – Odd lot offer share buyback transaction costs (122) – Tender offer share buyback – (81 589) Tender offer share buyback transaction costs – (1 540) Market purchase of equity under Kenmare Restricted Share Plan (1 797) – Drawdown of debt 14 20 000 20 000 Repayment of debt 14 (91 429) (20 000) Payment of lease liabilities (1 142) (1 449) Net cash used in financing activities (109 731) (100 972) Net increase/(decrease) in cash and cash equivalents 39 821 (13 508) Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of the financial year 69 057 87 244 Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents (607) (4 679) Cash and cash equivalents at the end of the financial year 12 108 271 69 057 UNAUDITED NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2022 1. Statement of accounting policiesKenmare Resources plc (the “Company”) is domiciled in the Republic of Ireland. The Company’s registered address is Styne House  Hatch Street Upper  Dublin 2. The Company has a premium listing on the Main Market of the London Stock Exchange and a secondary listing on Euronext Dublin. These unaudited consolidated financial statements comprise the Company and its subsidiary undertakings (the “Group”). The principal activity of the Group is the operation and further development of the Moma Titanium Minerals Mine in Mozambique. On 21 March 2023  the Directors approved the preliminary results for publication. While the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2022  from which the preliminary results have been extracted  are prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) as adopted by the European Union  these preliminary results do not contain sufficient information to comply with IFRS. The Directors expect to publish on 6 April 2023 the full financial statements that comply with IFRS as adopted by the European Union. The auditor  KPMG  has not yet issued their audit opinion on the financial statements in respect of the year ended 31 December 2022. The financial information included within this unaudited preliminary results statement for the year ended 31 December 2022 does not constitute the statutory financial statements of the Group within the meaning of section 293 of the Companies Act 2014. The Group financial information in this preliminary statement for the year ended 31 December 2022 is unaudited. A copy of the statutory financial statements in respect of the year ended 31 December 2022 will be annexed to the next annual return and filed with the Registrar of Companies. The Group financial information for the year ended 31 December 2021 included in this preliminary statement represents an abbreviated version of the Group’s financial statements for that year. The statutory financial statements for the Group for the year ended 31 December 2021  upon which the auditor  KPMG  has issued an unqualified opinion  were annexed to the annual return of the Company and filed with the Registrar of Companies. None of the new and revised standards and interpretations which are effective for accounting periods beginning on or after 1 January 2022  have a material effect on the Group’s financial statements. Basis of preparationThe consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRSs) issued by the International Accounting Standards Board (IASB) and interpretations issued by the IFR Interpretations Committee (IFRIC) as adopted by the EU and those parts of the Companies Act 2014 applicable to companies reporting under IFRS and Article 4 of the IAS Regulation. The 2021 income statement has been restated in order to reclassify freight costs and distribution costs from other operating costs to cost of sales. In addition  foreign exchange losses have been reclassified to other operating costs and are no longer presented separately on the face of the income statement. Management feel these presentational changes more appropriately reflect the nature of each category of expense. Further details can be found in Note 4. Going concernThe Directors have evaluated the appropriateness of the going concern basis in preparing the 2022 Consolidated Financial Statements for a period of at least twelve months from the date of approval of these financial statements (the ‘period of assessment’). The evaluation is based on the Group’s cash flow forecast (“the Group Forecast”). The Group Forecast has been prepared by management with best estimates of production  pricing and cost assumptions over the period of assessment. The Group recognises the principal risks which can impact on the outcome of the Group Forecast and have therefore applied sensitivity analysis to the assumptions to test the robustness of the cash flow forecast for changes in market prices  shipments  operating and capital cost assumptions. Changes in these assumptions affect the level of sales and profitability of the Group and the amount of capital required to deliver the projected production levels. Debt covenants are complied with and Group liquidity is maintained  although at lower levels  in each of these scenarios. Having assessed the principal risks facing the Group  together with the Group’s cash flow forecast  the Directors have a reasonable expectation that the Group has adequate resources for the foreseeable future and can continue to adopt the going concern basis of accounting in preparing the annual financial statements. 2. Revenue 2022$’000 2021$’000 Revenue from contracts with customers Revenue derived from the sale of mineral products 498 339 420 550 Revenue derived from freight services 27 649 35 394 Total Revenue 525 988 455 944 Revenue by product The principal categories for disaggregating mineral products revenue are by product type and by country of the customer’s location. The product types are ilmenite  zircon  rutile and concentrates. Concentrates includes secondary zircon and mineral sands concentrates. During the financial year  the Group sold 1 075 600 tonnes (2021: 1 285 300 tonnes) of finished products to customers at a sales value of $498.3 million (2021: $420.5 million). The Group earned revenue derived from freight services of $27.6 million ($35.4 million). 2022$’000 2021$’000 Revenue derived from sales of mineral products by primary product Ilmenite 347 446 334 714 Primary zircon 99 152 62 727 Concentrates 33 057 19 554 Rutile 18 684 3 555 Total revenue from mineral products 498 339 420 550 Revenue derived from Freight services 27 649 35 394 Total Revenue 525 988 455 944 Revenue by destination In the following table  revenue is disaggregated by primary geographical market. The Group allocates revenue from external customers to individual countries and discloses revenues in each country where revenues represent 10% or more of the Group’s total revenue. Where total disclosed revenue disaggregated by country constitutes less than 75% of total Group revenue  additional disclosures are made on a regional basis until at least 75% of the Group’s disaggregated revenue is disclosed. There were no individual countries within Europe  Asia (excluding China) or the Rest of the World with revenues representing 10% or more of the Group’s total revenue during the year. 2022$’000 2021$’000 Revenue derived from sales of mineral product by destination China 154 704 192 635 Europe 130 440 77 891 Asia (excluding China) 108 487 74 583 USA 51 600 44 312 Rest of the World 53 108 31 129 Total revenue from mineral products 498 339 420 550 Revenue derived from Freight services 27 649 35 394 Total Revenue 525 988 455 944 Revenue by major customersThe Group evaluates the concentration of mineral product revenue by major customer. The following table disaggregates mineral product revenue from the Group’s four largest customers. 2022$’000 2021$’000 Mineral product revenue from external customers Largest customer 74 671 65 500 Second largest customer 62 791 62 285 Third largest customer 58 413 50 642 Fourth largest customer 41 015 42 029 Total 236 890 220 456 All Group revenues from external customers are generated by the Moma Titanium Minerals Mine in Mozambique. Further details on this operating segment can be found in Note 3. Sales to and from Ireland were $nil (2021: $nil) in the year. 3. Segment reportingInformation on the operations of the Moma Titanium Minerals Mine in Mozambique is reported to the Group’s Board for the purposes of resource allocation and assessment of segment performance. Information regarding the Group’s operating segment is reported below: 2022 2021 Restated Corporate Mozambique Total Corporate Mozambique Total Revenue & Results Revenue* – 525 988 525 988 – 455 944 455 944 Cost of sales – (282 694) (282 694) – (295 010) (295 010) Gross profit – 243 294 243 294 – 160 934 160 934 Administrative expenses (7 848) (2 014) (9 862) (7 700) (2 125) (9 825) Segment operating profit (7 848) 241 280 233 432 (7 700) 158 809 151 109 Finance income 23 1 124 1 147 47 218 265 Finance expenses (83) (12 389) (12 472) (98) (13 980) (14 078) Profit before tax (7 908) 230 015 222 107 (7 751) 145 047 137 296 Income tax expense (1 601) (14 472) (16 073) (3 083) (5 687) (8 770) Profit for the financial year (9 509) 215 543 206 034 (10 834) 139 360 128 526 Segment assets & Liabilities Segment Assets 12 583 1 236 244 1 248 827 6 798 1 153 919 1 160 717 Segment Liabilities 4 722 140 571 145 293 4 221 225 853 230 074 Additions to non-current assets Segment Additions to non-current assets – 59 867 59 867 – 60 342 60 342 *Revenue excludes inter-segment revenue of $24.2m earned by the corporate segment relating to marketing and management services fee income. Inter-segment revenue is determined by intercompany agreements between the Group's subsidiary undertakings but does not form part of regular reporting reviewed by the Group's Board. Corporate assets consist of the Company’s property  plant and equipment including right-of-use assets  cash and cash equivalents and prepayments at the reporting date. Corporate liabilities consist of trade and other payables at the reporting date. 4. Cost and income analysis 2022$’000 Restated 2021$’000 Expenses by function Cost of sales 282 694 295 010 Administration expenses 9 862 9 825 Total 292 556 304 835 Expenses by nature can be analysed as follows: 2022$’000 Restated 2021$’000 Expenses by nature Staff costs 55 907 46 712 Repairs and maintenance 43 151 43 208 Power and fuel 43 960 30 400 Freight 27 649 35 394 Distribution costs 5 699 5 215 Other production and operating costs 72 099 69 552 Movement of mineral products inventory (21 628) 9 346 Depreciation of property  plant and equipment and right-of-use assets 64 596 63 136 Foreign exchange loss 1 123 1 872 Total 292 556 304 835 Mineral products consist of finished products and heavy mineral concentrate as detailed in Note 10. Mineral stock movement in the year was an increase of $21.6 million (2021: $9.3 million decrease). Distribution costs of $5.7 million (2021: $5.2 million) represent the cost of running the Mine’s finished product storage  jetty and marine fleet. Freight costs of $27.6 million (2021: $35.4 million) arise from sales to customers on a CIF or CFR basis. There were no exceptional items within operating profit in 2022 (2021 restated: $nil). The 2021 income statement has been restated in order to reclassify freight costs and distribution costs from other operating costs to cost of sales. In addition  foreign exchange gains and losses have been reclassified to administrative costs and are no longer presented separately on the face of the income statement. Management feel these presentational changes more appropriately reflect the nature of each category of expense. As previously reported Adjustment As restated$’000 Revenue 455 944 – 455 944 Cost of sales (244 986) (50 024) (295 010) Other Operating Costs/Administration Expenses (57 977) 48 152 (9 825) Net Finance costs (11 788) (2 025) (13 813) Foreign exchange (3 897) 3 897 – Taxation (8 770) – (8 770) Profit for the financial year and total comprehensive income for the financial year 128 526 – 128 526 5. Net Finance costs 2022$’000 Restated 2021$’000 Finance costs Interest on bank borrowings (8 829) (9 475) Interest on lease liabilities (147) (239) Factoring and other trade facility fees (2 218) (1 431) Commitment and other fees (534) (161) Unwinding of discount on mine closure provision (744) (747) Foreign exchange loss – (2 025) Total Finance Costs (12 472) (14 078) Interest earned on bank deposits 657 265 Foreign exchange gain 490 – Total Finance Income 1 147 265 Net finance costs recognised in profit or loss (11 325) (13 813) All interest has been expensed in the financial year. The Group has classified factoring and other trade facility fees in net cash from operating activities in the Consolidated Statement of Cashflows. 6. Income tax expense 2022$’000 2021$’000 Corporation tax 16 073 8 770 Deferred tax – – Total 16 073 8 770 Reconciliation of effective tax rate Profit before tax 222 107 137 296 Profit before tax multiplied by the applicable tax rate (12.5%) 27 763 17 162 Under provision in respect of prior years 546 – Non-taxable income (18 120) (10 826) Non-deductible expenses 483 331 Differences in effective tax rates on overseas earnings 5 401 2 103 Total 16 073 8 770 During the year  KMML Mozambique Branch had taxable profits of $39.9 million (2021: $16.2 million)  resulting in an income tax expense of $14.5 million (2021: $5.7 million) being recognised. The income tax rate applicable to taxable profits of KMML Mozambique Branch is 35% (2021: 35%). KMML Mozambique Branch has elected  and the fiscal regime applicable to mining allows for  the option to deduct  as an allowable deduction  depreciation of exploration and development expense and capital expenditure over the life of mine. Tax losses may be carried forward for three years. There are no tax losses carried forward at 31 December 2022. KMPL Mozambique Branch has Industrial Free Zone (IFZ) status. As an IFZ Branch  it is exempted from corporation taxes and hence its income is non-taxable. During the year  Kenmare Resources plc had taxable profits of $13.3 million (2021: $32.5 million) as a result of management and marketing service fee income earned on services provided to subsidiary undertakings  resulting in a corporate tax expense of $1.6 million (2021: $3.1 million). 7. Earnings per shareThe calculation of the basic and diluted earnings per share attributable to the ordinary equity holders of the Company is based on the following data: 2022$’000 2021$’000 Profit for the financial year attributable to equity holders of the Company 206 034 128 526 2022Number of shares 2021Number of shares Weighted average number of issued ordinary shares for the purpose of basic earnings per share 94 919 944 108 843 459 Effect of dilutive potential ordinary shares: Share awards 2 361 819 2 185 857 Weighted average number of ordinary shares for the purposes of diluted earnings per share 97 281 763 111 029 316 $ per share $ per share Basic earnings per share 2.17 1.18 Diluted earnings per share 2.12 1.16 The denominator for the purposes of calculating both basic and diluted earnings per share has been adjusted to reflect shares acquired and subsequently cancelled during the year. 8. Property  plant and equipment Plant andEquipment$’000 DevelopmentExpenditure$’000 ConstructionIn Progress$’000 OtherAssets$’000 Total$’000 Cost At 1 January 2021 995 856 249 971 52 416 63 114 1 361 357 Additions during the financial year 784 – 59 558 – 60 342 Transfer from construction in progress 29 586 8 201 (50 544) 12 757 – Disposals (6 557) – – (11 440) (17 997) Adjustment to mine closure cost (2 240) – – – (2 240) At 31 December 2021 1 017 429 258 172 61 430 64 431 1 401 462 Additions during the financial year 252 112 59 261 242 59 867 Transfer from construction in progress 48 233 1 767 (69 918) 19 918 – Disposals (10 230) – – (7 201) (17 431) Adjustment to mine closure cost (20 080) – – – (20 080) At 31 December 2022 1 035 604 260 051 50 773 77 390 1 423 818 Accumulated depreciation At 1 January 2021 232 441 135 153 – 35 255 402 849 Charge for the financial year 44 229 6 336 – 11 487 62 052 Disposals (6 557) – – (11 440) (17 997) At 31 December 2021 270 113 141 489 – 35 302 446 904 Charge for the financial year 44 435 6 379 – 12 772 63 586 Disposals (10 230) – – (7 201) (17 431) At 31 December 2022 304 318 147 868 – 40 873 493 059 Carrying amount At 31 December 2022 731 286 112 183 50 773 36 517 930 759 At 31 December 2021 747 316 116 683 61 430 29 129 954 558 An adjustment to the mine closure cost of $20.1 million (2021: $2.2 million) was made during the year as a result of an update in the discount rate as detailed in Note 15. At each reporting date  the Group assesses whether there is any indication that property  plant and equipment may be impaired. The Group considers the relationship between its market capitalisation and its book value  among other factors  when reviewing for indicators for impairment. As at 31 December 2022  the market capitalisation of the Group was below the book value of net assets  which is considered an indicator of impairment. The Group carried out an impairment review of property  plant and equipment as at 31 December 2022. As a result of the review  and given the performance and outlook of the Group  no impairment provision was recognised in the current financial year. No impairment was recognised in the prior financial year. Given the historic volatility in product pricing and sensitivity analysis of forecast product pricing  the discount rate and to a lesser extent operating costs  the impairment loss of $64.8 million  which was recognised in the consolidated statement of comprehensive income in 2014  was not reversed. The cash-generating unit for the purpose of impairment testing is the Moma Titanium Minerals Mine. The basis on which the Mine is assessed is its value in use. The cash flow forecast employed for the value in use computation is from a life of mine financial model. The recoverable amount obtained from the financial model represents the present value of the future discounted pre-tax  pre-finance cash flows discounted at 14.0% (2021: 10.5%). Key assumptions include the following: • The discount rate is based on the Group’s weighted average cost of capital. This rate is a best estimate of the current market assessment of the time value of money and the risks specific to the Mine  taking into consideration country risk  currency risk and price risk. The factors making up the cost of equity  cost of debt and capital structure have changed from the prior year review  to reflect increases in the risk-free rate  resulting in a discount rate of 14.0% (2021: 10.5%). The Group’s estimation of the country risk premium included in the discount rate has remained unchanged from the prior year. The Group does not consider it appropriate to apply the full current country risk premium for Mozambique to the calculation of the Group’s weighted average cost of capital as it believes the specific circumstances which have resulted in the risk premium increase over the past number of years are not relevant to the specific circumstances of the Moma Mine. Hence  country risk premium applicable to the calculation of the cost of equity has been adjusted accordingly. Using a discount rate of 14.0%  the recoverable amount is greater than the carrying amount by $86.9 million (2021: $384.0 million). The discount rate is a significant factor in determining the recoverable amount. A 1.5% increase in the discount rate to 15.5% reduces the recoverable amount by $86.9 million to $nil  assuming all other inputs remain unchanged. The decrease in the recoverable amount from the prior year is a result of decreased cash flows over the life of mine as a result of increased forecast capital and operating costs and an increase in the discount rate from 10.5% to 14.0%. • A mine plan is based on the Namalope  Nataka  Pilivili and Mualadi proved and probable reserves and resources. Specific resource material is included only where there is a high degree of confidence in its economic extraction. The Mine life assumption of 40 years has not changed from the prior year review. Average annual production is approximately 1.2 million tonnes (2021: 1.2 million tonnes) of ilmenite and co-products zircon  rutile and concentrates over the life of the Mine and remains unchanged from the prior year review. This mine plan does not include investment in additional mining capacity. Certain minimum stocks of final and intermediate products are assumed to be maintained at period ends. • Product sales prices are based on contract prices as stipulated in marketing agreements with customers  or where contracts are based on market prices or production is not currently contracted  prices are forecast by the Group taking into account independent titanium mineral sands expertise provided by TiPMC Solutions and management expectations including general inflation of 2% per annum. Forecast prices provided by TiPMC Solutions have been reviewed and found to be consistent with other external sources of information. Average forecast product sales prices have increased over the life of mine from the prior year end review as a result of revised forecast pricing. A 2.5% reduction in average sales prices over the life of mine reduces the recoverable amount by $86.9 million to $nil  assuming all other inputs remain unchanged. • Operating costs are based on approved budget costs for 2023 taking into account conservative estimated inflation rates for 2023. From 2024 onwards  operating costs are escalated by 2% per annum as management expects inflation to normalise and average 2% over the life of mine period. Average forecast operating costs have increased from the prior year end review as a result of increased production and inflation. Increased costs associated with estimated future power consumption and unit prices for mining in Nataka have also been included in the forecast cashflows. A 5.0% increase in operating costs over the life of mine reduces the recoverable amount by $86.9 million to $nil  assuming all other inputs remain unchanged. Whilst the Group has set ambitions to be net zero by 2040  the financial impact is still being assessed as the Group considers how it will work towards meeting this target. As such  estimates and judgements within these financial statements do not consider the expenditure (or any related savings) associated with the Company’s ambition to become net zero nor the financial impact of the climate risks disclosed within the Group’s TCFD reporting as a reliable estimate cannot currently be made. • Capital costs are based on a life of mine capital plan including inflation at 2% per annum from 2024. Average forecast capital costs have increased and their scheduling has changed from the prior year end review based on updated sustaining and development capital plans required to maintain the existing plant over the life of mine. A 8.0% increase in capital costs over the life of mine reduces the recoverable amount by $86.9 million to $nil  assuming all other inputs remain unchanged. 9. Right-of-use assets and lease liabilities Plant and Equipment$’000 Land and Buildings$’000 Total$’000Cost At 1 January 2022 3 319 2 108 5 427 Additions – 482 482 At 31 December 2022 3 319 2 590 5 909 Accumulated Depreciation At 1 January 2022 2 489 802 3 291 Depreciation expense 830 180 1 010 At 31 December 2022 3 319 982 4 301 Carrying amount At 31 December 2022 – 1 608 1 608 At 31 December 2021 830 1 306 2 136 On 1 January 2019  the Group recognised a lease liability of $3.3 million in relation to electricity generators at the Mine. The lease for the electricity generators was renewed in November 2017 for a five-year period and rental payments were fixed for the five years. The lease agreement expired in November 2022 and following negotiations the Group completed the acquisition process of the electricity generators in February 2023. On 1 January 2019  the Group recognised a lease liability of $1.7 million in respect of the rental of its Irish head office. The lease has a term of 10 years commencing August 2017 and rental payments are fixed for five years. This lease obligation is denominated in Euros. In February 2019  the Group recognised a lease liability of $0.4 million in respect of its Mozambican country office in Maputo. The lease has a seven-year term commencing February 2019 and rental payments are fixed for seven years. This lease obligation is denominated in US Dollars. The Branch has discounted lease payments using its incremental borrowing rates. The weighted average rate applied is 7%. In December 2022  the Maputo Office lease was modified and remeasured. The lease term was extended to 10 years commencing 1 December 2022. In addition  additional floor space of 250 square meters was leased as an addendum to the existing contract. The Group has determined that the lease modification should not be accounted for as a separate lease because the lease payments for the new office space are not considered commensurate with market rentals for office space of that size and characteristic. The incremental borrowing rate applied to the remeasured lease is 10.2%. At each reporting date  the Company assesses whether there is any indication that right-of-use assets may be impaired. No impairment indicators were identified as at 31 December 2022 or 31 December 2021. The Group has recognised a rental expense of $3.9 million (2021: $9.0 million) in relation to short term leases of machinery and vehicles which have not been recognised as a right-of-use asset. Set out below are the carrying amounts of lease liabilities at each reporting date: 2022$’000 2021$’000 Current 245 1 207 Non-current 1 540 971 Total 1 785 2 178 The consolidated income statement includes the following amounts relating to leases: 2022$’000 2021$’000 Depreciation expense 1 010 1 084 Interest expense on lease liabilities 147 239 Total 1 157 1 323 10. Inventories 2022$’000 2021$’000 Mineral products 43 655 22 027 Consumable spares 40 516 38 192 84 171 60 219 At 31 December 2022  total final product stock was 213 500 tonnes (2021: 88 700 tonnes). Closing stock of heavy mineral concentrate was 18 800 tonnes (2021: 11 500 tonnes). During the year  inventory amounting to $235.2 million (2021: $246.4 million) was recognised as an expense in cost of sales. Net realisable value is determined with reference to forecast prices of finished products expected to be achieved. There is no guarantee that these prices will be achieved in the future  particularly in weak product markets. During the financial year  there was a write-down of $nil (2021: $0.5 million) to mineral products charged to cost of sales to value mineral products at net realisable value. 11. Trade and other receivables 2022$’000 2021$’000 Trade receivables 104 970 66 204 VAT receivable 4 527 790 Prepayments 14 521 7 753 124 018 74 747 12. Cash and cash equivalents 2022$’000 2021$’000 Bank balances 108 271 69 057 Cash and cash equivalents comprise cash balances held for the purposes of meeting short-term cash commitments and investments which are readily convertible to a known amount of cash and are subject to an insignificant risk of change in value. Where investments are categorised as cash equivalents  the related balances have a maturity of three months or less from the date of investment. 13. Called-up share capital 2022€’000 2021€’000 Authorised share capital 181 000 000 ordinary shares of €0.001 each 181 181 181 181 2022$’000 2021$’000 Allotted  called up and fully paid Opening balance 94 921 970 (2021: 109 736 382) ordinary shares of €0.001 each 104 120 Acquired and cancelled92 419 (2021: 14 814 412) ordinary shares of €0.001 each – (16) Closing balance 94 829 551 (2021: 94 921 970) ordinary shares of €0.001 each 104 104 Total called-up share capital 104 104 No ordinary shares were issued during the year (2021: $nil). On 3 October 2022  under the authority granted at the Company’s Annual General Meeting held on 26 May 2022  and in accordance with Section 1075 of the Companies Act 2014 and article 147 of the Articles of Association  the Company completed an odd lot offer which involved the acquisition of 92 419 ordinary shares of €0.001 each in the capital of the Company representing 0.1% of the then called-up share capital of the Company for a total cash consideration of $0.5 million. The odd lot offer buyback was funded from distributable reserves and all ordinary shares acquired by the Company were subsequently cancelled. Transaction costs associated with the transaction amounted to $0.1 million and were accounted for as a deduction from retained earnings. On 10 December 2021  under the authority granted at the Company’s extraordinary General Meeting held on 9 December 2021  and in accordance with Section 105(1) and Section 106(1) of the Companies Act 2014 and article 47 and article 48 of the Articles of Association  the Company completed a tender offer buyback of 14 814 412 ordinary shares of €0.001 each in the capital of the Company representing 13.5% of the then called-up share capital of the Company for a total cash consideration of $81.6 million. The tender offer share buyback was funded from distributable reserves and all ordinary shares acquired by the Company were subsequently cancelled. Transaction costs associated with the transaction amounted to $1.5 million and were accounted for as a deduction from retained earnings. 14. Bank loans 2022$’000 2021$’000 Borrowings 78 578 148 099 The borrowings are repayable as follows: Less than one year 33 653 73 342 Between two and five years 47 142 78 572 80 795 151 914 Transaction costs (2 217) (3 815) Total carrying amount 78 578 148 099 BorrowingsOn 11 December 2019  the Group entered into debt facilities with Absa Bank Limited (acting through its Corporate and Investment Banking Division) (“Absa”)  The Emerging Africa Infrastructure Fund (part of the Private Infrastructure Development Group) (“EAIF”)  Nedbank Limited (acting through its Nedbank Corporate and Investment Banking division) (“Nedbank”)  Rand Merchant Bank and Standard Bank Group (“Standard Bank”). The debt facilities comprise a $110 million Term Loan Facility and a $40 million Revolving Credit Facility that share common terms and a common security package. The finance documentation also accommodates for a Mine Closure Guarantee Facility (provided by either the existing lenders or other finance providers) of up to $40 million  with the provider(s) of such a facility sharing in the common security package. The potential total aggregate principal amount of indebtedness secured under the finance documentation is therefore $190 million. The transaction costs for arrangement of the debt facilities amounted to $6.5 million. The Term Loan Facility has a final maturity date of 11 March 2025. Interest is at LIBOR plus 5.40% per annum. Repayment is in seven equal semi-annual instalments  beginning 11 March 2022. On 21 July 2022 the Revolving Credit Facility was extended by 12 months and now has a maturity date of 11 December 2023  which is extendable by a further 12 months subject to lender consent. As at the end of the period  interest is at LIBOR plus 4.25% per annum (5.0% up to 11 December 2022). The Group entered into a mine closure guarantee facility with Absa Bank Moçambique SA effective from 1 July 2022 for an amount of $18.9 million. This guarantee shares the security package with the Term Loan Facility and Revolving Credit Facility on a pro rata and pari passu basis. The security package consists of (a) security over the Group’s bank accounts (subject to certain exceptions)  (b) pledges of the shares of Kenmare Moma Processing (Mauritius) Limited and Kenmare Moma Mining (Mauritius) Limited (the “Project Companies”)  (c) security over intercompany loans  and (d) Mozambican law security interests over certain rights and agreements with Mozambican authorities  including over the Implementation Agreement  the Mineral Licensing Contract and the Mining Licence. The carrying amount of the secured bank accounts of the Group was $102.9 million as at 31 December 2022 (2021: $66.9 million). The shares of the Project Companies and intercompany loans are not included in the consolidated statement of financial position as they are eliminated on consolidation. They  therefore  do not have a carrying amount but  upon enforcement of the pledges on behalf of the lender group  the shares in the Project Companies would cease to be owned or controlled by the Group. The secured rights and agreements do not have a carrying amount. They are  however  necessary for the Project Companies to operate the Mine in Mozambique. At 31 December 2022  total debt of $78.6 million (2021: $148.1 million) was recognised by the Group. The $40 million Revolving Credit Facility was repaid in full in February 2022 and a further $20 million was drawn down in September 2022 and subsequently repaid in November 2022. $31.4 million of principal repayments were made against the Term Loan over the course of the year. Unamortised transaction costs of $2.2 million (2021: $3.8 million) plus interest amortised of $2.2 million (2021: $2.0 million) were recognised by the Group at 31 December 2022. Reconciliation of movements of debt to cash flows arising from financing activities (excluding leases) 2022$’000 2021$’000 Bank loans Balance at 1 January 148 099 145 771 Cash movements Loan interest paid (6 921) (7 147) Principal paid (91 429) (20 000) Loan drawn down 20 000 20 000 Non-cash movements Loan interest accrued 8 829 9 475 Balance at 31 December 78 578 148 099 IBOR reform A fundamental reform of major interest rate benchmarks is being undertaken globally  including the replacement of some interbank offered rates (IBORs) with alternative nearly risk-free rates (referred to as “IBOR reform”)  including LIBOR (the London Interbank Offered Rate). The Group had  at the reporting date  exposure to US LIBOR on its debt facilities. Pursuant to an Amendment and Restatement Agreement entered into on 9 March 2023 in respect of the Group’s debt facilities  the basis on which interest is calculated in respect of those facilities were amended with effect from 11 March 2023. As a result of the amendment  interest rates for interest periods commencing from 11 March 2023 onwards are no longer determined by reference to US LIBOR; instead they are determined on the basis of the applicable Term SOFR Rate. While US LIBOR represented an inter-bank lending rate  Term SOFR is a published screen rate derived from SOFR  being the secured overnight financing rate (SOFR) administered by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York. As SOFR represents a risk-free rate  a credit adjustment spread is applied in addition  which spread varies according to the length of the relevant interest period. The 6-month SOFR rate set on 11 March 2023 for the next interest period to 11 September 2023 was 5.4%. The credit adjustment spread of 0.4% plus the margin of 5.4% results in an interest rate of 11.2% on the Term Loan. The Group has concluded that the new basis for determining cashflows is economically equivalent to the previous basis. CovenantsThe finance documents contain a number of representations  covenants and events of default on customary terms  the breach of which could lead to the secured parties under the finance documentation accelerating the outstanding loans and taking other enforcement steps  such as the enforcement of some or all of the security interests  which could lead to  in extremis  the Group losing its interest in the Mine. The most salient of the relevant terms that could lead to acceleration of the loans and/or enforcement of security are the financial covenants. All covenants have been complied with during the year. The key financial covenants are detailed below: As at31 December2022 As at31 December2021 Covenant Interest Coverage Ratio 34.96:1 21.8:1 Not less than 4.00:1 Net Debt to EBITDA (0.09):1 0.38:1 Not greater than 2.00:1 Debt Service Coverage Ratio 3.11:1 22.3:1 Not less than 1.20:1 Liquidity $148 271 000 $69 057 000 Not less than $15 000 000 Reserve Tail Ratio 81% 78% Not less than 30% The definition of the covenants under the debt facilities are set out below: • Interest Coverage Ratio is defined as the ratio of EBITDA to Net Interest Cost. • Net Debt is defined as total financial indebtedness excluding leases less consolidated cash and cash equivalents. • The Debt Service Coverage Ratio is the ratio of cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of a reporting period plus available facilities plus cash generated in the period to debt repayments in the period. • Liquidity is defined as consolidated cash and cash equivalents plus undrawn amounts of the Revolving Credit Facility. • Reserve Tail Ratio means the reserve tail ratio  expressed as a percentage of the termination date reserves (estimated remaining reserves in March 2025) divided by the initial reserves (estimated reserves in December 2019). 15. Provisions 2022$’000 2021$’000 Mine closure provision 16 623 35 959 Mine rehabilitation provision 4 121 3 998 Other provisions – 2 264 20 744 42 221 Current 998 3 222 Non-current 19 746 38 999 20 744 42 221 MineClosureProvision$’000 MineRehabilitationProvision$’000OtherProvisions Total$’000 At 1 January 2021 37 451 3 893 – 41 344 (Decrease)/increase in provision during the financial year (2 239) 470 2 264 495 Provision utilised during the financial year – (365) – (365) Unwinding of the discount 747 – – 747 At 1 January 2022 35 959 3 998 2 264 42 221 (Decrease)/Increase in provision during the financial year (20 080) 4 131 948 (15 001) Provision utilised during the financial year – (4 008) (3 212) (7 220) Unwinding of the discount 744 – – 744 At 31 December 2022 16 623 4 121 – 20 744 The Mine closure provision represents the Directors’ best estimate of the Project Companies’ liability for close-down  dismantling and restoration of the mining and processing site. A corresponding amount equal to the provision is recognised as part of property  plant and equipment. The costs are estimated on the basis of a formal closure plan  are subject to regular review and are estimated based on the net present value of estimated future costs. Mine closure costs are a normal consequence of mining  and the majority of close-down and restoration expenditure is incurred at the end of the life of the Mine. The unwinding of the discount is recognised as a finance cost and $0.7 million (2021: $0.7 million) has been recognised in the statement of comprehensive income for the financial year. The main assumptions used in the calculation of the estimated future costs include: • a discount rate of 4.0% (2021: 2.1%);• an inflation rate of 2% (2021: 2%);• an estimated life of mine of 40 years (2021: 40 years). It is assumed that all licences and permits required to operate will be renewed or extended during the life of mine; and• an estimated closure cost of $34.1 million (2021: $34.1 million) and an estimated post-closure monitoring provision of $3.9 million (2021: $3.9 million). The life of mine plan is based on the Namalope  Nataka  Pilivili and Mualadi reserves and resources as set out in the reserve and resources table. Specific resource material is included only where there is a high degree of confidence in its economic extraction. The Mine closure provision has decreased by $20.1 million as a result of a change in the discount rate from 2.1% to 4.0%. The discount rate is a significant factor in determining the Mine closure provision. The discount rate increased to 4.0% (2021: 2.1%) as a result of movements in the US Treasury rates. Thirty-year US Treasury yields are the longest period for which yields are quoted. A 40-year rate to align with the estimated life of mine has been calculated by taking the average of the increase in yield from 10 to 20 years and the increase in yield from 20 to 30 years and adding this average to the 30-year Treasury rate to arrive at an estimated extrapolated rate for 40 years. This discount rate is deemed to provide the best estimate of the current market assessment of the risk-free time value of money. Risks specific to the liability are included in the cost estimate. A reasonable possible increase of 1% in the estimated discount rate results in the Mine closure provision decreasing to $11.2 million. A 1% decrease in the estimated discount rate results in the Mine closure provision increasing to $24.7 million. The Mine rehabilitation provision represents the Directors’ best estimate of the Company’s liability for rehabilitating areas disturbed by mining activities. Rehabilitation costs are recognised based on the area disturbed and estimated cost of rehabilitation per hectare  which is reviewed regularly against actual rehabilitation cost per hectare. Actual rehabilitation expenditure is incurred approximately 12 months after the area has been disturbed. During the financial year  there was a release of $4.0 million (2021: $0.4 million) to reflect the actual mine rehabilitation costs incurred  and an addition to the provision of $4.1 million (2021: $0.5 million) for areas newly disturbed. Other provisions comprise an amount of $nil (2021: $2.3 million) in relation to a potential indirect tax liability. The matter was resolved following a final settlement of $3.2 million with the Mozambican Tax Authority during the year. 16. Trade and other payables 2022$’000 2021$’000 Trade payables 7 305 7 186 Deferred income 2 740 – Accruals 25 248 25 582 35 293 32 768 Included in accruals at the financial year end is an amount of $1.6 million (2021: $1.6 million) for payroll and social insurance taxes. Deferred income relates to sales contracts which contain separate performance obligations for the sale of mineral products and the provision of freight services. The portion of the revenue representing the obligation to perform the freight service is deferred and recognised over time as the obligation is fulfilled  along with the associated costs. 17. Current tax liabilities 2022$’000 2021$’000 Current tax liabilities 8 893 4 808 Refer to Note 6 for further information on the Group’s tax expense. 18. Financial instruments 2022 2021 Carrying amount$’000 Fair value$’000 Carrying amount$’000 Fair value$’000 Financial assets at fair value through profit and loss Trade receivables1 31 188 31 188 Level 2 37 086 37 086 Level 2 Financial assets at fair value through OCI Trade receivables2 43 065 43 065 Level 2 14 539 14 539 Level 2 Financial assets not measuredat fair value Trade receivables3 30 717 30 717 Level 2 14 579 14 579 Level 2 Cash and cash equivalents 108 271 108 271 Level 2 69 057 69 057 Level 2 213 241 213 241 135 261 135 261 Financial liabilities not measuredat fair value Bank loans 78 578 80 795 Level 2 148 099 148 827 Level 2 The carrying amounts and fair values of financial assets and financial liabilities including their levels in fair value hierarchy are detailed above. The table does not include fair value information for other receivables  prepayments  trade payables and accruals as these are not measured at fair value as the carrying amount is a reasonable approximation of their fair value. Trade receivables which are factored through the Absa Bank facility or letters of credit which are discounted through the Barclays Bank facility are initially measured at fair value and subsequently measured at fair value through profit or loss (FVTPL). Trade receivables or letters of credit where it is not known at initial recognition if they will be factored are classified as fair value through other comprehensive income (FVOCI). Trade receivables which will not be factored and for which balances will be recovered under the sale contract credit terms are classified and subsequently measured at amortised cost. In the case of factored receivables  the Group derecognises the discounted receivable to which the arrangement applies when payment is received from the bank as the terms of the arrangement are non-recourse. The payment to the bank by the Group’s customers are considered non-cash transactions for the purposes of the consolidated statement of cashflows. The valuation technique used in measuring Level 2 fair values is discounted cash flows  which considers the expected receipts or payments discounted using adjusted market discount rates or where these rates are not available estimated discount rates. The Group has exposure to credit risk  liquidity risk and market risk arising from financial instruments. Risk management frameworkThe Board is ultimately responsible for risk management within the Group. It has delegated responsibility for the monitoring of the effectiveness of the Group’s risk management and internal control systems to the Audit & Risk Committee. The Board and Audit & Risk Committee receive reports from executive management on the key risks to the business and the steps being taken to mitigate such risks. The Audit & Risk Committee is assisted in its role by internal audit. Internal audit undertakes both regular and ad hoc reviews of risk management controls and procedures  the results of which are reported to the Audit & Risk Committee. Credit riskCredit risk is the risk of financial loss to the Group if a customer or a counterparty to a financial instrument fails to meet its contractual obligations and arises principally from the Group’s trade receivables from customers. The carrying amount of financial assets represents the maximum credit exposure. The Group’s exposure to credit risk is influenced by the individual circumstances of each customer. The Group also considers the factors that may influence the credit risk of its customer base  including the default risk associated with the industry and country in which customers operate. The Group reduces its exposure to customers perceived to have a higher credit risk through a letter of credit trade facility. Under this facility  Barclays Bank confirms the letter of credit from the issuing bank and therefore assumes the credit risk. The Group’s customers have been transacting with the Group for a significant number of years  and no customers’ balances have been written off or are credit impaired at the financial year end. In monitoring customer credit risk  customers are regularly reviewed individually and the Group has not identified any factors that would merit reducing exposure to any particular customer. The Group does not require collateral in respect of trade receivables. The gross exposure to credit risk for trade receivables by geographic region was as follows: 2022$’000 2021$’000 China 19 009 37 120 Asia (excluding China) 17 243 5 127 Europe 45 806 15 410 USA 22 776 8 547 Africa 136 – Total 104 970 66 204 At 31 December 2022  $35.4 million (2021: $41.3 million) is due from the Group’s three largest customers. A summary of the Group’s exposure to credit risk for trade receivables is as follows: 2022$’000 2021$’000 External credit ratings at least Baa3 (Moody’s) 31 188 37 535 External credit ratings Ba3 to Ba1 (Moody’s) – 19 051 Other 75 316 10 042 Total gross carrying amount 106 504 66 628 Loss allowance (1 534) (424) Total 104 970 66 204 The following table provides ageing information relevant to the exposure to credit risk for trade receivables from individual customers. No balances were considered credit impaired at 31 December 2022 or 31 December 2021. Current$’000 More than30 dayspast due$’000 More than60 dayspast due$’000 More than90 dayspast due$’000 Total$’000 2022 104 962 – – 8 104 970 2021 66 133 – – 71 66 204 Expected credit loss assessment of trade receivablesFor trade receivables measured at fair value through OCI and trade receivables measured at amortised cost  the Group allocates to each customer a credit risk grade based on data that is determined to be predictive of the risk of loss (including but not limited to external ratings  financial statements and available market information about customers) and applying experienced credit judgement. The following table provides information about the exposure to credit risk and expected credit losses as at 31 December 2022. Equivalent to Moody’s credit rating Weight average loss rate Gross carrying amount$’000 Impairment loss allowance$’000 Credit impaired Other 2.0% 75 316 1 534 No The following table provides information about the exposure to credit risk and expected credit losses as at 31 December 2021. Equivalent to Moody’s credit rating Weight average loss rate Gross carrying amount$’000 Impairment loss allowance$’000 Credit impaired Baa3 to AAA 0.30% 25 – No Ba3 to Ba1 1.30% 19 051 248 No Other 1.75% 10 042 176 No 29 118 424 The movement in expected credit losses in respect of trade receivables were measured at amortised cost or fair value through other comprehensive income during the year was as follows: 2022$’000 2021$’000 Balance at 1 January 424 199 Net remeasurement of loss allowance 1 110 225 Balance at 31 December 1 534 424 The credit risk on cash and cash equivalents is limited because funds are deposited with banks with high credit ratings assigned by international credit rating agencies. For deposits in excess of $75 million the Group requires that the institution has an A– (S&P)/A3 (Moody’s) long-term rating. For deposits in excess of $50 million  the Group requires that the institution has a BB– (S&P)/Ba3 (Moody’s) long-term rating. At 31 December 2022 and 2021 cash was deposited with the following banks: 2022 2021 Long-term credit rating Long-term credit rating $ million S&P Moody’s $ million S&P Moody’s Barclays Bank plc 81.4 A Positive A–1 Stable 60.8 A Positive A–1 Stable FirstRand Bank Limited – BBB – Positive Ba2 Stable 5.1 BBB– Stable Ba2 Negative HSBC Bank plc 1.0 AA – Stable A1 – Stable 0.8 A+ Stable A1 Stable Absa Bank Limited 20.5 BB – Stable Ba2 Negative 2.0 BBB– Stable Ba2 Negative Liquidity riskLiquidity risk is the risk that the Group will encounter difficulty in meeting the obligations associated with its financial liabilities that are settled in cash payments. The Group’s objective when managing liquidity is to ensure that it will have sufficient liquidity to meet its liabilities when they are due. The Group monitors mine payment forecasts  both operating and capital  which assist it in monitoring cash flow requirements and optimising its cash return on investments. The Group aims to maintain the level of its cash and cash equivalents at an amount in excess of expected cash outflows on financial liabilities. The Group monitors the level of expected cash inflows on trade receivables together with expected cash outflows on trade and other payables. The Group has a trade finance facility with Absa Bank for three of the Group’s largest customers. In accordance with this facility  the bank purchases certain customer receivables without recourse. The facility is for a maximum amount of $30 million with limits on the maximum amount that can be factored for each of the customers named in the facility. During the period  no trade receivables were factored under this agreement. At the year end  trade receivables amounting to $43.1 million (2021: $14.5 million) may be factored under this facility and are therefore included in trade receivables measured at fair value through OCI as at 31 December 2022. The cost of this facility for the period  which amounted to $0.2 million (2021: $0.2 million)  is included in finance costs in the statement of comprehensive income and in net cash from operating activities in the statement of consolidated cash flows. The Group has a trade facility with Barclays Bank for customers which it sells to under letter of credit terms. Under this facility  Barclays Bank confirms the letter of credit from the issuing bank and therefore assumes the credit risk. Barclays Bank can also discount these letters of credit thereby providing early payment of receivables to the Group. There is no limit under the Barclays Bank facility. During the period  trade receivables of $201.4 million (2021: $224.4 million) were discounted under this facility. At the year end  there were $31.2 million (2021: $37.1 million) of trade receivables which will be discounted under this facility. The cost of this facility for the period  which amounted to $2.0 million (2021: $1.2 million)  is included in finance costs in the statement of comprehensive income and in net cash from operating activities in the statement of consolidated cash flows. The table below summarises the maturity profile of the Group’s financial liabilities at 31 December 2022 based on the gross contractual undiscounted payments: Financial liabilities Total$’000 Less thanone year$’000 Betweentwo and five years$’000 More thanfive years$’000 Bank loans 89 536 38 005 51 531 – Lease liabilities 2 409 390 1 447 572 Trade and other payables 32 553 32 553 – – 124 498 70 948 52 978 572 The table below summarises the maturity profile of the Group’s financial liabilities at 31 December 2021 based on the gross contractual undiscounted payments: Financial liabilities Total$’000 Less thanone year$’000 Betweentwo and five years$’000 More thanfive years$’000 Bank loans 151 914 73 342 78 572 – Lease liabilities 2 684 1 207 1 317 160 Trade and other payables 32 768 32 768 – – 187 366 107 317 79 889 160 As disclosed in Note 14  the Group has bank loans that contain loan covenants. A future breach of covenant may require the Group to repay the loan earlier than indicated in the above table. Under the loan agreement  the covenants are monitored on a regular basis by Group finance and regularly reported to management and the lenders to ensure compliance with the agreement. Furthermore  the group has authorised and committed expenditure on operations-related capital projects amounting to $11.5 million (2021: $18.9 million). Risk concentrationConcentrations arise when a number of counterparties are engaged in similar business activities  or activities in the same geographical region  or have economic features that would cause their ability to meet contractual obligations to be similarly affected by changes in economic  political or other conditions. Concentrations indicate the relative sensitivity of the Group’s performance to developments affecting a particular industry. The Group evaluates the concentration of risk with respect to trade receivables as low  as its customers are located in several jurisdictions and industries and operate in largely independent markets. Details of concentration of revenue are included in Note 2. Market riskMarket risk is risk that changes in market prices  foreign exchange rates and interest rates will affect the Group’s income statement. The objective of market risk management is to manage and control market risk exposures while optimising returns. Currency riskThe Group is exposed to transactional foreign currency risk to the extent that there is a mismatch between the currencies in which sales  purchases  receivables and borrowings are denominated and the respective functional currencies of Group companies. The functional currency of all Group entities is US Dollars. The presentational currency of the Group is US Dollars. Sales and bank loans are denominated in US Dollars  which significantly reduces the exposure of the Group to foreign currency risk. Payable transactions are denominated in Mozambican Metical  South African Rand  Euro  Sterling  Australian Dollar and Renminbi. Exposure to currency riskThe Group’s gross exposure to currency risk as at 31 December 2022 is as follows. Mozambican Metical$’000 South African Rand$’000 Euro$’000 Sterling$’000 Australian Dollar$’000 Renminbi$’000 Trade and other receivables 12 172 756 489 72 88 – Cash and cash equivalents 1 397 12 894 892 1 129 17 34 Bank loans – – – – – – Leases – – (1 255) – – – Trade and other payables (20 367) (2 178) (502) (10) – – Net exposure (6 798) 11 472 (376) 1 191 105 34 The Group’s exposure to currency risk as at 31 December 2021 is as follows. Mozambican Metical$’000 South African Rand$’000 Euro$’000 Sterling$’000 Australian Dollar$’000 Renminbi$’000 Trade and other receivables 2 717 1 275 928 55 364 – Cash and cash equivalents 1 030 2 337 479 338 6 36 Bank loans – – – – – – Leases – – (1 528) – – – Trade and other payables (14 082) (1 905) (2 395) (35) (68) – Net exposure (10 335) 1 707 (2 516) 358 302 36 Sensitivity analysisA reasonably possible strengthening or weakening of the Mozambique Metical  South African Rand  Euro  Sterling  Australian Dollar and Renminbi by 10% against the US Dollar would have affected profit or loss by the amounts shown below. The analysis assumes that all other variables remain constant. Profit or loss Mozambican Metical$’000 South African Rand$’000 Euro$’000 Sterling$’000 AustralianDollar$’000 Renminbi$’000 31 December 2022 Strengthening (680) 1 147 (38) 119 11 3 Weakening 680 (1 147) 38 (119) (11) (3) 31 December 2021 Strengthening (1 030) 170 (250) 40 30 4 Weakening 1 030 (170) 250 (40) (30) (4) Interest rate riskThe loan facilities are arranged at variable rates and expose the Group to cash flow interest rate risk. Variable rates are based on six-month LIBOR. The borrowing rate at financial year end was 9.2% (2021: 5.8%). The interest rate profile of the Group’s loan balances at the financial year end was as follows: 2022$’000 2021$’000 Variable rate debt 80 795 151 914 Under the assumption that all other variables remain constant  a reasonable possible change of 1% in the six-month LIBOR rate results in a $0.8 million (2021: $1.5 million) change in finance costs for the financial year. The above sensitivity analyses are estimates of the impact of market risks assuming the specified change occurs. Actual results in the future may differ materially from these results due to developments in the global financial markets  which may cause fluctuations in interest rates to vary from the assumptions made above and therefore should not be considered a projection of likely future events. As disclosed in Note 14  pursuant to an Amendment and Restatement Agreement entered into on 9 March 2023 in respect of the Group’s debt facilities  the basis on which interest is calculated in respect of those facilities were amended with effect from 11 March 2023. As a result of the amendment  interest rates for interest periods commencing from 11 March 2023 onwards are no longer determined by reference to US LIBOR; instead they are determined on the basis of the applicable Term SOFR Rate. The Group has concluded that the transition to the applicable SOFR rate will not result in a substantial change to finance costs during 2023. Note 19. Events after the statement of financial position date On 21 March  the Board proposed a dividend of USc43.33 per share. This proposed dividend is subject to approval by the shareholders at the Annual General Meeting. These financial statements do not reflect this dividend. In February 2023  power lines nearby the mine were subject to a direct lightning strike of unusually high intensity resulting in severe disruption to mining operations. The Group is working to establish and mitigate the capital and operating cost impacts of the disruptions and a reliable estimate cannot be made at this time. Insurance cover is in place and Kenmare is liaising with its insurers to process claims in relation to the lightning strike. GLOSSARY - ALTERNATIVE PERFORMANCE MEASURES Certain financial measures set out in the Preliminary Results to 31 December 2022 are not defined under International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS)  but represent additional measures used by the Board to assess performance and for reporting both internally and to shareholders and other external users. Presentation of these Alternative Performance Measures (APMs) provides useful supplemental information which  when viewed in conjunction with the Group’s IFRS financial information  allows for a more meaningful understanding of the underlying financial and operating performance of the Group. These non-IFRS measures should not be considered as an alternative to financial measures as defined under IFRSs. Descriptions of the APMs included in this report  as well as their relevance for the Group  are disclosed below. APM Description Relevance EBITDA Operating profit/loss before depreciation and amortisation Eliminates the effects of financing  tax and depreciation to allow assessment of the earnings and performance of the Group EBITDA margin Percentage of EBITDA to Revenue (FOB) Provides a group margin for the earnings and performance of the Group Capital costs Additions to property  plant and equipment in the period Provides the amount spent by the Company on additions to property  plant and equipment in the period Cash operating cost per tonne of finished product produced Cost of sales and administration costs less freight  foreign exchange  depreciation and amortisation  expected credit losses  share based payment expense  mineral inventory movements and the indirect tax provision  divided by final product production (tonnes) Eliminates the non-cash impact on costs to identify the actual cash outlay for production and  as production levels increase or decrease  highlights operational performance by providing a comparable cash cost per tonne of product produced over time Cash operating cost per tonne of ilmenite net of co-products Cash operating costs less revenue of zircon  rutile and mineral sands concentrates  divided by ilmenite production (tonnes) Eliminates the non-cash impact on costs to identify the actual cash outlay for production and  as production levels increase or decrease  highlights operational performance by providing a comparable cash cost per tonne of ilmenite produced over time Net cash/debt Bank loans before transaction costs  loan amendment fees and expenses net of cash and cash equivalents Measures the amount the Group would have to raise through refinancing  asset sale or equity issue if its debt were to fall due immediately  and aids in developing an understanding of the leveraging of the Group ROCE Return on capital employed ROCE measures how efficiently we generate profits from investment in our portfolio of assets Shareholder returns Dividends and share buybacks Shareholder returns comprise the interim dividend  the proposed final dividend to be approved by shareholders at the AGM and any share buybacksEBITDA 2018 Restated$m 2019 Restated$m 2020 Restated$m 2021 Restated$m 2022$m Operating profit 62.9 57.3 33.4 151.1 233.4 Depreciation 30.4 33.4 42.3 63.1 64.6 EBITDA 93.3 90.7 75.7 214.2 298.0 EBITDA margin 2018 Restated$m 2019 Restated$m 2020 Restated$m 2021 Restated$m 2022$’m EBITDA 93.3 90.7 75.7 214.2 298.0 Revenue derived from the sale of mineral product 245.9 255.5 231.5 420.5 498.4 EBITDA margin (%) 38% 35% 33% 51% 60% Cash operating cost per tonne of finished product 2018 Restated$m 2019 Restated$m 2020 Restated$m 2021 Restated$m 2022$m Cost of sales 184.6 195.7 192.3 295.0 282.7 Freight (16.3) (15.4) (12.2) (35.4) (27.6) Foreign exchange included in cost of sales – (1.9) (1.0) (1.9) (1.1) Cost of sales excluding freight and foreign exchange 168.3 178.4 179.1 257.7 254.0 Administrative expenses 14.7 17.9 18.1 9.8 9.9 Total operating costs less freight and foreign exchange 183.0 196.3 197.2 267.5 263.9 Non-cash costs Depreciation and amortisation (30.4) (33.4) (42.3) (63.1) (64.6) Expected credit losses – – – (0.2) (1.1) Share-based payments (1.4) (1.8) (0.5) (1.1) (2.2) Mineral product inventory movements 0.1 (4.5) 4.9 (9.3) 21.6 Indirect tax provision 0.0 0.0 0.0 (2.0) (0.9) Total cash operating costs 151.3 156.6 159.3 191.8 216.7 Final product production tonnes 1 043 300 988 300 840 500 1 228 500 1 200 800 Cash operating cost per tonne of finished product $145 $158 $190 $156 $180 Cash operating cost per tonne of ilmenite 2018 Restated$m 2019 Restated$m 2020 Restated$m 2021 Restated$m 2022$’m Total cash operating costs 151.3 156.6 159.3 191.8 216.7 Less revenue from co-products zircon rutile and mineral sands concentrate (75.1) (84.5) (63.2) (85.8) (150.9) Total cash costs less co-product revenue 76.2 72.1 96.1 106 65.8 Ilmenite product production tonnes 958 500 892 900 756 000 1 119 400 1 088 300 Cash operating cost per tonne of ilmenite $79 $81 $127 $95 $60 Net cash/debt 2018$’m 2019$’m 2020$’m 2021$’m 2022$’m Bank debt (83.5) (60.9) (145.8) (148.1) (78.6) Transaction costs – (6.6) (5.4) (3.8) (2.2) Gross debt (83.5) (67.5) (151.2) (151.9) (80.8) Cash and cash equivalents 97.0 81.2 87.2 69.1 108.3 Net cash/(debt) 13.5 13.7 (64.0) (82.8) 27.5 Return on Capital Employed 2018 Restated$m 2019 Restated$m 2020 Restated$m 2021 Restated$m 2022$’m Operating profit 62.9 57.3 33.4 151.1 233.4 Total Equity and Non-Current Liabilities 932.7 984.0 1 087.5 1 045.4 1 171.0 ROCE 7% 6% 3% 15% 20% GLOSSARY - TERMS Term Description AGM Annual general meeting CIF The seller delivers when the goods pass the ship’s rail in the port of shipment. Seller must pay the cost and freight necessary to bring goods to named port of destination. Risk of loss and damage are the same as CFR. Seller also has to procure marine insurance against buyer’s risk of loss/damage during the carriage. Seller must clear the goods for export. This term can only be used for sea transport. CFR This term means the seller delivers when the goods pass the ship’s rail in port of shipment. Seller must pay the costs and freight necessary to bring the goods to the named port of destination  but the risks of loss or damage  as well as any additional costs due to events occurring after the time of delivery  are transferred from seller to buyer. Seller must clear goods for export. This term can only be used for sea transport. The Company or Parent Company Kenmare Resources plc. DFS Definitive feasibility studies are the most detailed and will determine definitively whether to proceed with the project. A definitive feasibility study will be the basis for capital appropriation  and will provide the budget figures for the project. Detailed feasibility studies require a significant amount of formal engineering work and are accurate to within approximately 10-15%. EdM Electricidade de Moçambique. FOB Free on Board means that the seller delivers when the goods pass the ship’s rail at the named port of shipment. This means the buyer has to bear all costs and risks to the goods from that point. The seller must clear the goods for export. This term can only be used for sea transport. Gender diversity Percentage of females in the workforce at the Moma Mine. We recognise the benefits to our business of supporting diversity  equity  and inclusion for long-term sustainable success. Increased gender diversity has been an important metric at the Mine. GHG emissions Scope 1 & 2 Greenhouse Gas emissions. We acknowledge the human contribution to climate change and aim to reduce emissions from our already low carbon intensity operations. Group or Kenmare Kenmare Resources plc and its subsidiary undertakings. HMC Heavy mineral concentrate extracted from mineral sands deposits and which include ilmenite  zircon  rutile and other heavy minerals and silica. KMML Mozambique Branch Mozambique branch of Kenmare Moma Mining (Mauritius) Limited (KMML). KMPL Mozambique Branch Mozambique branch of Kenmare Moma Processing (Mauritius) Limited (KMPL). KRSP Kenmare Resources plc Restricted Share Plan Lenders Absa Bank Limited (acting through its Corporate and Investment Banking Division) (“Absa”)  The Emerging Africa Infrastructure Fund (part of the Private Infrastructure Development Group (“PIDG”)) (“EAIF”)  Nedbank Limited (acting through its Nedbank Corporate and Investment Banking division) (“Nedbank”)  Rand Merchant Bank and Standard Bank Group (“Standard Bank”). LTI Lost time injury. Measures the number of injuries at the mine that result in time lost from work. LTIFR Lost time injury frequency rate. Measures the number of injuries causing lost time per 200 000 man hours worked on site Marketing - finished products shipped Finished products shipped to customers during the period. Provides a measure of finished products shipped to customers Mining - HMC produced Heavy mineral concentrate extracted from mineral sands deposits and which includes ilmenite  zircon  rutile  concentrates and other heavy minerals and silica. Provides a measure of heavy mineral concentrate extracted from the Mine Moma  Moma Mine or the Mine The Moma Titanium Minerals Mine consisting of a heavy mineral sands mine  processing facilities and associated infrastructure  which is located in the north east coast of Mozambique under licence to the Project Companies. Mine Closure Guarantee Facility $40 million debt facility dated 11 December 2019 between the Lenders and KMML Mozambique Branch and KMPL Mozambique Branch. MSP Mineral Separation Plant. Mtpa Million tonnes per annum. NOSA National Occupational Safety Association OIA Oman Investment Authority formerly the State General Reserve Fund of the Sultanate of Oman. Odd lot offer The offer made by the Company to members in the UK and Ireland who held certificated holdings of less than 200 ordinary shares as described in the circular to shareholders dated 21 April 2022. Ordinary Shares Ordinary shares of €0.001 each in the capital of the Company. PFS A feasibility study is an evaluation of a proposed mining project to determine whether the mineral resource can be mined economically. Pre-feasibility study is used to determine whether to proceed with a detailed feasibility study and to determine areas within the project that require more attention. Pre-feasibility studies are done by factoring known unit costs and by estimating gross dimensions or quantities once conceptual or preliminary engineering and mine design has been completed. PM Atmospheric particulate matter - also known as particulate matter (PM) or particulates - are microscopic solid or liquid matter suspended in the Earth’s atmosphere. Processing - finished products produced Finished products produced by the mineral separation process. Provides a measure of finished products produced from the processing plants Project Companies Kenmare Moma Mining (Mauritius) Limited and Kenmare Moma Processing (Mauritius) Limited  wholly owned subsidiary undertakings of Kenmare Resources plc  which are incorporated in Mauritius. Revolving Credit Facility $40 million debt facility dated 11 December 2019 between the Lenders and KMML Mozambique Branch and KMPL Mozambique Branch. RUPS Rotary uninterruptible power supply TCFD Task Force on Climate Related Financial Disclosures Tender Offer The invitation by the Company to eligible shareholders to tender Ordinary Shares for purchase on-market by Peel Hunt LLP on the terms and subject to the conditions set out in",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.0,1.0,True,English,"['2022 Preliminary Results', 'AN Summary Quotes Charts News Ratings Calendar Company Financials Consensus Revisions Funds', 'Kenmare Resources plc News Summary KMR IE00BDC5DG00 KENMARE RESOURCES PLC', 'Homepage Equities United Kingdom London Stock Exchange', 'Official Publications Sector news', 'higher total cash operating costs', 'Affirms Buy Rating MT', 'Other languages Press Releases', 'Operational Heavy Mineral Concentrate', 'higher excavated ore volumes', 'Irish Dividend Withholding Tax', 'News Analyst Reco', 'Kenmare Resources PT', 'Moma Titanium Minerals Mine', 'higher co-product revenues', 'Mineral product revenues', '2023 ilmenite production guidance range', 'higher product prices', 'list Report Report', 'multiple email addresses', 'leading global producers', 'severe lightning strike', 'strong customer demand', 'stronger product pricing', 'steady production volumes', 'net cash position', 'Currency election date', 'record product prices', 'finished product production', 'Financial Recommended 2022 dividend', 'Private investor webinar', '1,150,000 tonnes Dividend timetable', 'higher prices', 'LSE:KMR', 'labour costs', 'Company GL', 'The Company', 'cash equivalents', 'separate webinar', 'private investors', 'Record date', 'interim dividend', 'final dividend', 'financial performance', 'financial results', 'Ex-dividend date', 'AGM date', 'Payment date', 'Holding(s', 'Morgan Stanley', 'Preliminary Results', 'northern Mozambique', 'Michael Carvill', 'Managing Director', 'extended period', 'lower levels', '$110.3 million improvement', 'average price', 'electricity consumption', 'diluted earnings', 'transshipment vessel', 'Bronagh J', 'investor briefing', 'institutional investors', 'Participant dial', 'pin code', 'finished products', 'record year', 'conference call', 'record tonnes', 'twelve months', 'four months', 'First name', 'shareholder approval', 'exemption form', 'bottom end', '60% EBITDA margin', '09:00 UK time', '12 months', '1,586,200 tonnes', '1,555,900 tonnes', '1,088,300 tonnes', '1,119,400 tonnes', '1,075,600 tonnes', '12:30 UK', 'EDT', '00 GBX', 'Berenberg', 'Informa', 'weight', 'commas', 'Message', 'fields', 'Group', 'ISE', 'zircon', '31 December', 'Statement', 'February', 'rutile', 'market', 'highs', 'Q3', 'Board', 'USc32', '2022 overview', 'October', 'USc43', '18% increase', '42% increase', '13% increase', 'fuel', '16% increase', 'consequence', '2% decrease', '36% decrease', '39% increase', '60% increase', 'profit', '83% increase', 'HMC', 'Shipments', '16% decrease', 'maintenance', '1,050,000 to', 'dates', 'April', '12:00 noon', 'May', 'dividends', 'Registrar', 'analysts', 'lenders', 'media', 'numbers', 'Ireland', 'webcast', 'playback', 'Tuesday', 'March', '2021']",2023-03-22,2023-03-23,marketscreener.com
21171,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/03/22/2631951/0/en/2022-Preliminary-Results.html,2022 Preliminary Results,Kenmare Resources plc (“Kenmare” or “the Company” or “the Group”)    22 March 2023    2022 PRELIMINARY RESULTS    Kenmare Resources plc (LSE:KMR ...,"Kenmare Resources plc(“Kenmare” or “the Company” or “the Group”)22 March 20232022 PRELIMINARY RESULTSKenmare Resources plc (LSE:KMR  ISE:KMR)  one of the leading global producers of titanium minerals and zircon  which operates the Moma Titanium Minerals Mine (the ""Mine"" or ""Moma"") in northern Mozambique  today announces its preliminary results for the twelve months to 31 December 2022.Statement from Michael Carvill  Managing Director:“2022 was a record year of financial performance for Kenmare. Our financial results were driven by steady production volumes and record product prices. Mineral product revenues increased 18% and EBITDA rose by 39% to $298 million.We are tracking within guidance for 2023  despite suffering an extremely severe lightning strike which halted production for an extended period in February  albeit towards the bottom end of our range for ilmenite and rutile. In 2023  the market for our products remains buoyant  although at marginally lower levels than the highs of Q3 2022  with strong customer demand for volume.Kenmare moved to a net cash position of $27.5 million at the end of 2022  which represents a $110.3 million improvement over the 12 months. The Board is recommending a 2022 dividend of USc54.31 per share  up 66% from USc32.71 per share for 2021.”2022 overviewFinancialRecommended 2022 dividend of $51.5 million or USc54.31 per share (2021: USc32.71)  up 66% on 2021  comprising an interim dividend of USc10.98 per share (paid in October 2022) and a final dividend of USc43.33 per share (payable May 2023)18% increase in mineral product revenue to $498.4 million in 2022 (2021: $420.5 million)  benefitting from a 42% increase in the average price received for Kenmare’s products13% increase in total cash operating costs to $216.7 million (2021: $191.8 million) as a result of higher prices for fuel and labour costs as well as increased electricity consumption16% increase in cash operating costs per tonne to $180 (2021: $156) as a consequence of higher total cash operating costs and a 2% decrease in finished product production36% decrease in cash operating cost per tonne of ilmenite to $60 (2021: $95) due to higher co-product revenues39% increase in EBITDA to $298.0 million (2021: $214.2 million)  due to stronger product pricing  representing a 60% EBITDA margin (2021: 51%)60% increase in profit after tax to $206.0 million (2021: $128.5 million) due to higher product prices83% increase in diluted earnings per share to $2.12 (2021: $1.16)Net cash of $27.5 million at year end 2022 (2021: $82.8 million net debt)  with cash and cash equivalents of $108.3 million (2021: $69.1 million)OperationalHeavy Mineral Concentrate (“HMC”) production increased 2% in 2022 to 1 586 200 tonnes (2021: 1 555 900 tonnes)  benefitting from higher excavated ore volumes minedIlmenite production decreased 3% in 2022 to 1 088 300 tonnes (2021: 1 119 400 tonnes)Shipments of finished products of 1 075 600 tonnes in 2022  a 16% decrease compared to record tonnes shipped in 2021  reflecting four months planned maintenance on a transshipment vessel  the Bronagh J2023 ilmenite production guidance range of 1 050 000 to 1 150 000 tonnesDividend timetableThe Company confirms the dates for the proposed 2022 final dividend are as follows:Ex-dividend date 13 April 2023 Record date 14 April 2023 Currency election date 18 April 2023 at 12:00 noon (IST) AGM date for shareholder approval 11 May 2023 Payment date 19 May 2023Irish Dividend Withholding Tax (25%) must be deducted from dividends paid by the Company  unless a shareholder is entitled to an exemption and has submitted a properly completed exemption form to the Company’s Registrar.Analyst and investor briefing and conference callKenmare will host a briefing and conference call for analysts  institutional investors  lenders and media today at 09:00 UK time. Participant dial-in numbers for the conference call are as follows (a pin code is not required to access the call):UK: +44 (0) 20 3481 4247 Ireland: +353 (0) 1 582 2023 US: +1 (646) 307-1963To register for the webcast click here. A playback of the webcast will be available at www.kenmareresources.com.Private investor webinarThere will also be a separate webinar for private investors on Tuesday  28 March 2023 at 12:30 UK time. To access the webinar  please register in advance by clicking here.For further information  please contact:Kenmare Resources plcJeremy Dibb / Michael StarkeInvestor Relationsir@kenmareresources.comTel: +353 1 671 0411Mob: +353 87 943 0367Murray Group (PR advisor)Paul O’Kanepokane@murraygroup.ieTel: +353 1 498 0300Mob: +353 86 609 0221About Kenmare ResourcesKenmare Resources plc is one of the world's largest producers of mineral sands products. Listed on the London Stock Exchange and the Euronext Dublin  Kenmare operates the Moma Titanium Minerals Mine in Mozambique. Moma's production accounts for approximately 7% of global titanium feedstocks and the Company supplies to customers operating in more than 15 countries. Kenmare produces raw materials that are ultimately consumed in everyday quality-of-life items such as paints  plastics and ceramic tiles.All monetary amounts refer to United States dollars unless otherwise indicated.Forward-Looking StatementsThis announcement contains some forward-looking statements that represent Kenmare's expectations for its business  based on current expectations about future events  which by their nature involve risks and uncertainties. Kenmare believes that its expectations and assumptions with respect to these forward-looking statements are reasonable. However  because they involve risk and uncertainty  which are in some cases beyond Kenmare's control  actual results or performance may differ materially from those expressed or implied by such forward-looking information.CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENTDear shareholders IntroductionIt is a great honour to have succeeded Steven McTiernan as Chair of Kenmare following our AGM in May 2022. Kenmare has a world-class asset at Moma  a dedicated and talented workforce  safe and well-run operations  and a strong balance sheet.I’m delighted that the Company achieved record financial results in 2022  including revenues  profitability and dividends.A highlight of my year was getting out to site at Moma  meeting so many of our colleagues and seeing the passion and enthusiasm they have for our business. Our conversations really drove home to me the strength of Kenmare’s culture and how it is lived on a daily basis by staff at all levels of the business.The visit also provided an opportunity to see the new maternity unit at the Pilivilli health centre and inspect the high quality housing which was being built in preparation for the relocation of 86 households from the Isoa village. The Isoa relocation  which was completed in late 2022  has received extremely positive feedback: the new housing delivers a genuine uplift in living standards which I hope will be of lasting value to the community.Transition to NatakaMoma first achieved production in 2007  and 2022 marked 15 years of continuous operations there. The feasibility studies for the move to Nataka have demonstrated a clear route to the efficient and effective mining of this ore body and Wet Concentrator Plant (WCP) A is expected to begin transitioning to Nataka from 2025. Nataka represents the majority of our mineral resources and the detailed work we are doing now will underpin low-cost operations for decades to come. TZMI  the leading independent titanium minerals consultancy  has confirmed that Kenmare was a first quartile producer in 2021. When assessing financial investments  our priority is maintaining the best industry position possible on a sustainable basis to ensure strong business performance through the cycle. Further updates on the Nataka plans will be provided by the management team at the Capital Markets Day in April 2023.Shareholder returns2022 marks the fourth consecutive year of dividend payments to shareholders. The Board is recommending a final dividend for 2022 of USc43.33 per share (2021: USc25.42)  taking total dividends to $51.5 million or USc54.31 per share (2021: USc32.71)  up 66% on 2021.Looking forward  Kenmare remains committed to returning excess cash to shareholders. In 2023 we expect to begin making capital investments to support the transition of WCP A to Nataka  and there will be a need to balance our planning for long-term returns to shareholders with these funding requirements. We intend to maintain a strong balance sheet as we fund this capital programme  recognising a less certain global economic outlook.SustainabilityWe achieved almost 12 million hours worked without a Lost Time Injury to late September 2022  representing more than 18 months of operations. This was a phenomenal achievement  made possible by the hard work and dedication of all our colleagues. Maintaining this focus on safety is an important goal for 2023.I am pleased that we have increased the number of female mine employees from 6.9% in 2018 to 14.5% at the end of 2022. This met our gender diversity target for the year but  looking beyond numerical targets  our talented female colleagues are demonstrating the real benefits of diversity through their invaluable contributions across the Kenmare team.We acknowledge the human contribution to climate change and aim to reduce emissions from our already low carbon intensity operations. Kenmare has an ambition to achieve Net Zero on Scope 1 and 2 emissions by 2040  through ongoing decarbonisation of our operations and active offsetting to abate residual emissions. Absolute greenhouse gas emissions reduced by 6% year on year in 2022  benefitting from the investment we made in Rotary Uninterruptible Power Supply (RUPS) to reduce the usage of diesel generators  whilst maintaining stable power to support operations at the Mineral Separation Plant. An extensive maintenance programme at the Mineral Separation Plant also delivered significant diesel efficiencies at the dryers. More details on our achievements  targets and challenges can be found in the Sustainability section of our Annual Report.Board DevelopmentsSteven McTiernan stepped down as Chair of the Board of Directors following our 2022 AGM  having served nine years on the Board  most of them as Chair. During his time Steven greatly improved the Board’s strength and diversity and its governance of Kenmare. I’d like to thank Steven for his guidance  dedication and the time he took to ensure a smooth handover.In May 2022  the Company announced that our longstanding Financial Director  Tony McCluskey  would be stepping down from the role. Alongside Michael Carvill  Tony led the Company from the exploration phase through to mine development and onto expansion and his dedication to the role was unwavering through his tenure.Tom Hickey was appointed as Tony’s replacement and brings significant financial and natural resources experience to Kenmare  having served for 15 years as Executive Director of several public companies  including eight years as Chief Financial Officer of the African and South American-focused oil and gas producer Tullow Oil plc.On 31 December 2022  Sameer Oundhakar stepped down from his role with Oman Investment Authority (OIA)  which controls African Acquisition S.à.r.l. (AAS)  one of Kenmare’s largest investors  and which had nominated Sameer to the Kenmare Board. As a result  he stepped down from the Kenmare Board on that date and AAS nominated Issa Al Balushi in his place  who was appointed as a Director in early 2023.Consequently  four of our nine Directors have been appointed in the last eighteen months. Priorities for 2023 include continued senior management succession planning.I was pleased to see that this year’s internal performance evaluation process indicated a high level of satisfaction with the composition  performance and effectiveness of the Board and Committees. We will continue to improve this effectiveness through a number of initiatives in 2023.AcknowledgementsOn behalf of the Board  I would like to thank Steven McTiernan and Tony McCluskey for their leadership and contributions to the growth of Kenmare over many years  making it the business it is today.Thank you to everyone who has contributed to the Company’s success over the past year: in particular our employees  customers  contractors  local communities and suppliers.We are a business of scale  supplying over 7% of global titanium feedstocks  and we are fortunate to have mineral resources to grow even further. We are continuing to invest in Moma to ensure a smooth transition to mining at Nataka  where the bulk of our mineral resources lie  whilst seeking to maintain a first quartile industry position for decades to come.I look to the future with great optimism and excitement and firmly believe that the successful transition to Nataka will establish a foundation for the long-term success of the Company  to the benefit of all our stakeholders.Andrew WebbChairmanMANAGING DIRECTOR’S STATEMENTDear shareholders Introduction2022 marked a year of outstanding financial performance for Kenmare  supported by strong product markets. Record revenue and EBITDA  for a second consecutive year  moved the Company into a net cash position by year end.This has enabled the Board to recommend significantly increased dividends  up 66% on 2021 to USc54.31 per share; also benefitting from the reduced share count related to the buyback completed in late 2021.After over 30 years with Kenmare  Tony McCluskey retired in 2022 and I’d like to personally thank him for his huge contribution. He leaves Kenmare in the strongest financial position in its history. I would also like to welcome Tom Hickey who has been appointed as Tony’s successor  an experienced CFO with 15 years as Executive Director in public companies and significant experience in natural resources and operating in Africa.SafetyWe achieved almost 12 million hours worked without any Lost Time Injuries (LTI) to late September 2022 – a huge achievement and testament to the strong safety culture we have been striving to build.While Kenmare’s LTIFR increased to 0.09 incidents per 200 000 hours worked compared to 0.03 in 2021  it nevertheless reduced by 50% relative to the 3-year rolling average of 0.18. For a seventh consecutive year we also retained our NOSA maximum five-star level  based on NOSA’s independent assessment of the safety systems and procedures at Moma.However  the three LTIs recorded in late 2022 have caused us to redouble efforts to ensure consistent observance of good safety practices.SustainabilityAt Kenmare  we have always tried to put Sustainability at the heart of everything we do by being a trusted corporate citizen that aims to deliver a net positive impact to all stakeholders.In 2022 the Company completed the RUPS project; this helps to mitigate power supply disruptions at the Mineral Separation Plant and successfully reduced outages during the 2022/3 wet season. It also helps to drive lower carbon emissions  through the reduced usage of diesel generators.The RUPS project is a good example of NPV positive projects that are also aligned to our goals of achieving Net Zero on Scope 1 and 2 emissions by 2040. We are working hard to identify more projects in the same vein.Kenmare prides itself on being an organisation where employees can continue to grow and develop over many years. It was particularly pleasing for me to present at our Long Service Awards ceremony at Moma in September 2022  where we congratulated almost 500 employees who had completed more than 10  20  or even 30 years of service. I was very honoured to see the long-term commitment many of our colleagues have made to the success of our business. We have continued to invest in our people. Each employee at Moma received an average of 46 hours of training during the year  including 186 employees taking part in a bespoke management and leadership coaching programme.We recently completed our second bi-annual employee engagement survey. Overall engagement levels were found to be 83%  which is high relative to the 65% average reported by the company that carried out the survey. However  the results are lower than our previous survey (2020: 97% engaged) and we will be analysing them closely to form thematic action plans.Operational performanceIn 2022  revised production guidance was achieved for ilmenite and rutile while original production guidance was achieved for primary zircon and concentrates. HMC production in 2022 was 1 586 200 tonnes  a 2% increase compared to 2021. Whilst this was a slight improvement  excavated ore and recoveries were impacted by power outages  difficult mining conditions and slimes  as well as the previously reported bad weather early in the year.Shipments were impacted by our Bronagh J transshipment vessel going into five-yearly dry dock for maintenance work in Q2/Q3 and by poor weather conditions. However  Q4 2022 was the strongest quarter of the year for shipments and close to a record  with 365 700 tonnes shipped  demonstrating our ability to achieve a 1.3 Mtpa run rate.Costs were negatively impacted by high inflation rates and unit costs were a product of lower production and higher operating costs.It has been a stated core strategy of the business to achieve a first quartile revenue to cash cost position in our industry and we were delighted that TZMI  the leading independent commodity consultancy in mineral sands  declared that Kenmare achieved this goal in respect of 2021.Product marketKenmare’s unique 100-year life-of-mine operation produces a range of titanium feedstocks and accounts for 7% of global titanium feedstock supply. Titanium is listed on the critical minerals list of a number of countries  including the US and in Europe  and used in a wide variety of applications such as providing opacity and colour in paints  paper  plastics  fabrics  inks  and in the manufacture of titanium metal. Zircon products are used in the ceramic industry and in the production of zirconia chemicals  which in turn are used in screens and electronics. Our mineral sands concentrate product contains Rare Earth Oxides which have also been highlighted as critical minerals for the energy transition.2022 was a strong year for Kenmare’s sales. The average price of Kenmare’s product suite increased 42% to a record of $463/t as Kenmare continued to establish its position as a reliable supplier of titanium feedstocks. With security and reliability of supply increasingly prominent considerations for many downstream customers  we are seeing the market assign a greater value to Kenmare as a proven  stable long-term supplier  enabling us to place our products in the strongest downstream markets. As high-grade feedstocks continue to deplete  Kenmare’s position as the largest merchant supplier of ilmenite provides an optimal position from which to capitalise on ilmenite’s growing market share through beneficiation. It also enables us to invest for the future with confidence.The first half of 2022 saw momentum continue from 2021 as pigment producers operated at close to full capacity and were constrained due to shortages of titanium feedstocks. Pigment demand decreased throughout the year as the global economic outlook weakened and China’s zero-COVID-19 policy muted industrial activity. Pigment destocking and inflationary cost increases pressured pigment producers’ margins  forcing some producers to delay purchases  constrain production or idle pigment lines. We expect pigment stocks to have depleted in early 2023 with strong signs of increasing demand and the restarting of pigment lines. Despite increased pressure on the pigment market  Kenmare continued to see robust demand and in Q4 2022 achieved a ninth consecutive quarterly price increase for ilmenite.Capital projectsTo support the future mine life at Moma  we will need to transition production to Nataka  the largest ore zone in Moma’s portfolio  in the coming years. Studies to support WCP A’s transition to Nataka  which starts mining there from 2025  continue to progress well.Unlike the move of WCP B via road  WCP A will mine its way to a high-grade path in Nataka through a transition corridor from Namalope. Once WCP A has arrived in Nataka  the plant will spend the rest of its economic life there. The ore we mine contains very fine particles that do not settle easily in water - known as slimes. They cause challenges with our operations and slimes management is a key factor in keeping our operating costs low. The slimes levels in our mining path have been growing in recent years and the move to Nataka will further raise the levels of slimes encountered. Management of these conditions is essential to successful production at Nataka and we expect to introduce a dedicated desliming circuit at WCP A in advance of the move to fully address these operational challenges.Studies have been focused on the optimisation of mining in this new ore zone to make sure that we can remain in the first quartile of the revenue to cash cost position in our industry  as this is central to our strategy of ensuring strong cashflows through the cycle. This has involved extensive work developing a robust operating model and assessing the appropriate balance between capital and operating costs to obtain the optimal solution.OutlookI would like to thank all our colleagues who have continued to work tirelessly to support the growth of Kenmare. Working closely with our partners  particularly those in Mozambique  is a key element to our success and I would like to thank them all for their support last year.The work Kenmare completed since 2018 to increase production volumes  control costs and become a first quartile producer in our industry has built a great foundation. Despite a potentially softer global economy in the short term  we remain strongly positioned with record profitability.In 2023 we expect our product markets to be more challenging  although our fundamentals remain strong. We have an industry leading safety record and a long-life ore body  with mineral resources to support production for more than 100 years. Our robust balance sheet and strong cashflow generation give us confidence in our ability to maintain strong shareholder returns whilst funding the transition of WCP A  to secure mining for decades to come.I look forward to laying out our future plans in more detail at the Capital Markets Day on 26 April 2023.Michael CarvillManaging DirectorUNAUDITED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2022Notes Unaudited2022$’000 2021 Restated*$’000 Revenue 2 525 988 455 944 Cost of sales 4 (282 694) (295 010) Gross profit 243 294 160 934 Administration Expenses 4 (9 862) (9 825) Operating profit 233 432 151 109 Finance income 5 1 147 265 Finance costs 5 (12 472) (14 078) Profit before tax 222 107 137 296 Income tax expense 6 (16 073) (8 770) Profit for the financial year and total comprehensive income for the financial year 206 034 128 526 Attributable to equity holders 206 034 128 526 $ per share $ per share Basic earnings per share 7 2.17 1.18 Diluted earnings per share 7 2.12 1.16*Refer to Note 4 for further details on the 2021 restatement.The accompanying notes form part of these financial statements.UNAUDITED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION AS AT 31 DECEMBER 2022Notes Unaudited2022$’000 2021$’000 Assets Non-current assets Property  plant and equipment 8 930 759 954 558 Right-of-use assets 9 1 608 2 136 932 367 956 694 Current assets Inventories 10 84 171 60 219 Trade and other receivables 11 124 018 74 747 Cash and cash equivalents 12 108 271 69 057 316 460 204 023 Total assets 1 248 827 1 160 717 Equity Capital and reserves attributable to the Company’s equity holders Called-up share capital 13 104 104 Share premium 545 950 545 950 Other reserves 232 759 230 539 Retained earnings 324 721 154 050 Total equity 1 103 534 930 643 Liabilities Non-current liabilities Bank loans 14 46 180 74 757 Lease liabilities 9 1 540 971 Provisions 15 19 746 38 999 67 466 114 727 Current liabilities Bank loans 14 32 398 73 342 Lease liabilities 9 245 1 207 Trade and other payables 16 35 293 32 768 Current tax liabilities 17 8 893 4 808 Provisions 15 998 3 222 77 827 115 347 Total liabilities 145 293 230 074 Total equity and liabilities 1 248 827 1 160 717The accompanying notes form part of these financial statements.UNAUDITED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2022Unaudited Called-Up ShareCapital$’000 UnauditedSharePremium$’000 Unaudited Other Reserves$’000 Unaudited RetainedEarnings$’000 UnauditedTotal$’000 Balance at 1 January 2021 120 545 950 231 350 123 083 900 503 Total comprehensive income for the year Profit for the financial year – – – 128 526 128 526 Total comprehensive income for the year – – – 128 526 128 526 Transactions with owners of the Company Recognition of share-based payment expense – – 3 420 – 3 420 Exercise of share-based payment awards – – (2 283) – (2 283) Unvested and expired share-based payments – – (1 964) 1 964 – Tender offer share buyback (16) – 81 605 (81 589) – Tender offer share buyback transaction costs – – – (1 540) (1 540) Cancellation of treasury shares – – (81 589) – (81 589) Dividends paid – – – (16 394) (16 394) Total contributions and distributions (16) – (811) (97 559) (98 386) Balance at 1 January 2022 104 545 950 230 539 154 050 930 643 Total comprehensive income for the year Profit for the financial year – – – 206 034 206 034 Total comprehensive income for the year – – – 206 034 206 034 Transactions with owners of the Company Recognition of share-based payment expense – – 5 601 – 5 601 Exercise of share-based payment awards – – (3 363) – (3 363) Shares acquired by the Kenmare Employee Benefit Trust – – (1 797) – (1 797) Shares distributed by the Kenmare Employee Benefit Trust – – 1 779 – 1 779 Odd lot offer share buyback – – 515 (515) – Cancellation of treasury shares – – (515) – (515) Odd lot offer share buyback transaction costs – – – (122) (122) Dividends paid – – – (34 726) (34 726) Total contributions and distributions – – 2 220 (35 363) (33 143) Balance at 31 December 2022 104 545 950 232 759 324 721 1 103 534UNAUDITED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2022Notes Unaudited2022$’000 2021$’000 Cash flows from operating activities Profit for the financial year after tax 206 034 128 526 Adjustment for: Foreign exchange movement included in operating costs 4 1 123 1 872 Expected credit losses 18 1 110 225 Share-based payments 5 601 3 420 Finance income 5 (1 147) (265) Finance costs 5 12 472 14 078 Income tax expense 6 16 073 8 770 Depreciation 8  9 64 596 63 136 305 862 219 762 Change in: Provisions (2 141) 2 372 Inventories (23 952) 3 451 Trade and other receivables (47 627) (45 057) Trade and other payables (1 680) (15 681) Exercise of share-based payment awards (1 566) (2 283) Cash generated from operating activities 228 896 162 564 Income tax paid (10 461) (6 284) Interest received 4 657 265 Interest paid 14 (6 921) (7 147) Factoring and other trade facility fees 5 (2 218) (1 431) Debt commitment fees paid 5 (534) (161) Net cash from operating activities 209 419 147 806 Investing activities Additions to property  plant and equipment 8 (59 867) (60 342) Net cash used in investing activities (59 867) (60 342) Financing activities Dividends paid (34 726) (16 394) Odd lot offer share buyback (515) – Odd lot offer share buyback transaction costs (122) – Tender offer share buyback – (81 589) Tender offer share buyback transaction costs – (1 540) Market purchase of equity under Kenmare Restricted Share Plan (1 797) – Drawdown of debt 14 20 000 20 000 Repayment of debt 14 (91 429) (20 000) Payment of lease liabilities (1 142) (1 449) Net cash used in financing activities (109 731) (100 972) Net increase/(decrease) in cash and cash equivalents 39 821 (13 508) Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of the financial year 69 057 87 244 Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents (607) (4 679) Cash and cash equivalents at the end of the financial year 12 108 271 69 057UNAUDITED NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 20221. Statement of accounting policiesKenmare Resources plc (the “Company”) is domiciled in the Republic of Ireland. The Company’s registered address is Styne House  Hatch Street Upper  Dublin 2. The Company has a premium listing on the Main Market of the London Stock Exchange and a secondary listing on Euronext Dublin. These unaudited consolidated financial statements comprise the Company and its subsidiary undertakings (the “Group”). The principal activity of the Group is the operation and further development of the Moma Titanium Minerals Mine in Mozambique.On 21 March 2023  the Directors approved the preliminary results for publication. While the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2022  from which the preliminary results have been extracted  are prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) as adopted by the European Union  these preliminary results do not contain sufficient information to comply with IFRS. The Directors expect to publish on 6 April 2023 the full financial statements that comply with IFRS as adopted by the European Union.The auditor  KPMG  has not yet issued their audit opinion on the financial statements in respect of the year ended 31 December 2022. The financial information included within this unaudited preliminary results statement for the year ended 31 December 2022 does not constitute the statutory financial statements of the Group within the meaning of section 293 of the Companies Act 2014. The Group financial information in this preliminary statement for the year ended 31 December 2022 is unaudited. A copy of the statutory financial statements in respect of the year ended 31 December 2022 will be annexed to the next annual return and filed with the Registrar of Companies.The Group financial information for the year ended 31 December 2021 included in this preliminary statement represents an abbreviated version of the Group’s financial statements for that year. The statutory financial statements for the Group for the year ended 31 December 2021  upon which the auditor  KPMG  has issued an unqualified opinion  were annexed to the annual return of the Company and filed with the Registrar of Companies.None of the new and revised standards and interpretations which are effective for accounting periods beginning on or after 1 January 2022  have a material effect on the Group’s financial statements.Basis of preparationThe consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRSs) issued by the International Accounting Standards Board (IASB) and interpretations issued by the IFR Interpretations Committee (IFRIC) as adopted by the EU and those parts of the Companies Act 2014 applicable to companies reporting under IFRS and Article 4 of the IAS Regulation.The 2021 income statement has been restated in order to reclassify freight costs and distribution costs from other operating costs to cost of sales. In addition  foreign exchange losses have been reclassified to other operating costs and are no longer presented separately on the face of the income statement. Management feel these presentational changes more appropriately reflect the nature of each category of expense. Further details can be found in Note 4.Going concernThe Directors have evaluated the appropriateness of the going concern basis in preparing the 2022 Consolidated Financial Statements for a period of at least twelve months from the date of approval of these financial statements (the ‘period of assessment’). The evaluation is based on the Group’s cash flow forecast (“the Group Forecast”).The Group Forecast has been prepared by management with best estimates of production  pricing and cost assumptions over the period of assessment. The Group recognises the principal risks which can impact on the outcome of the Group Forecast and have therefore applied sensitivity analysis to the assumptions to test the robustness of the cash flow forecast for changes in market prices  shipments  operating and capital cost assumptions.Changes in these assumptions affect the level of sales and profitability of the Group and the amount of capital required to deliver the projected production levels. Debt covenants are complied with and Group liquidity is maintained  although at lower levels  in each of these scenarios.Having assessed the principal risks facing the Group  together with the Group’s cash flow forecast  the Directors have a reasonable expectation that the Group has adequate resources for the foreseeable future and can continue to adopt the going concern basis of accounting in preparing the annual financial statements.2. Revenue2022$’000 2021$’000 Revenue from contracts with customers Revenue derived from the sale of mineral products 498 339 420 550 Revenue derived from freight services 27 649 35 394 Total Revenue 525 988 455 944Revenue by productThe principal categories for disaggregating mineral products revenue are by product type and by country of the customer’s location. The product types are ilmenite  zircon  rutile and concentrates. Concentrates includes secondary zircon and mineral sands concentrates.During the financial year  the Group sold 1 075 600 tonnes (2021: 1 285 300 tonnes) of finished products to customers at a sales value of $498.3 million (2021: $420.5 million). The Group earned revenue derived from freight services of $27.6 million ($35.4 million).2022$’000 2021$’000 Revenue derived from sales of mineral products by primary product Ilmenite 347 446 334 714 Primary zircon 99 152 62 727 Concentrates 33 057 19 554 Rutile 18 684 3 555 Total revenue from mineral products 498 339 420 550 Revenue derived from Freight services 27 649 35 394 Total Revenue 525 988 455 944Revenue by destinationIn the following table  revenue is disaggregated by primary geographical market. The Group allocates revenue from external customers to individual countries and discloses revenues in each country where revenues represent 10% or more of the Group’s total revenue. Where total disclosed revenue disaggregated by country constitutes less than 75% of total Group revenue  additional disclosures are made on a regional basis until at least 75% of the Group’s disaggregated revenue is disclosed. There were no individual countries within Europe  Asia (excluding China) or the Rest of the World with revenues representing 10% or more of the Group’s total revenue during the year.2022$’000 2021$’000 Revenue derived from sales of mineral product by destination China 154 704 192 635 Europe 130 440 77 891 Asia (excluding China) 108 487 74 583 USA 51 600 44 312 Rest of the World 53 108 31 129 Total revenue from mineral products 498 339 420 550 Revenue derived from Freight services 27 649 35 394 Total Revenue 525 988 455 944Revenue by major customersThe Group evaluates the concentration of mineral product revenue by major customer. The following table disaggregates mineral product revenue from the Group’s four largest customers.2022$’000 2021$’000 Mineral product revenue from external customers Largest customer 74 671 65 500 Second largest customer 62 791 62 285 Third largest customer 58 413 50 642 Fourth largest customer 41 015 42 029 Total 236 890 220 456All Group revenues from external customers are generated by the Moma Titanium Minerals Mine in Mozambique. Further details on this operating segment can be found in Note 3. Sales to and from Ireland were $nil (2021: $nil) in the year.3. Segment reportingInformation on the operations of the Moma Titanium Minerals Mine in Mozambique is reported to the Group’s Board for the purposes of resource allocation and assessment of segment performance. Information regarding the Group’s operating segment is reported below:2022 2021 Restated Corporate Mozambique Total Corporate Mozambique Total Revenue & Results Revenue* – 525 988 525 988 – 455 944 455 944 Cost of sales – (282 694) (282 694) – (295 010) (295 010) Gross profit – 243 294 243 294 – 160 934 160 934 Administrative expenses (7 848) (2 014) (9 862) (7 700) (2 125) (9 825) Segment operating profit (7 848) 241 280 233 432 (7 700) 158 809 151 109 Finance income 23 1 124 1 147 47 218 265 Finance expenses (83) (12 389) (12 472) (98) (13 980) (14 078) Profit before tax (7 908) 230 015 222 107 (7 751) 145 047 137 296 Income tax expense (1 601) (14 472) (16 073) (3 083) (5 687) (8 770) Profit for the financial year (9 509) 215 543 206 034 (10 834) 139 360 128 526 Segment assets & Liabilities Segment Assets 12 583 1 236 244 1 248 827 6 798 1 153 919 1 160 717 Segment Liabilities 4 722 140 571 145 293 4 221 225 853 230 074 Additions to non-current assets Segment Additions to non-current assets – 59 867 59 867 – 60 342 60 342*Revenue excludes inter-segment revenue of $24.2m earned by the corporate segment relating to marketing and management services fee income. Inter-segment revenue is determined by intercompany agreements between the Group's subsidiary undertakings but does not form part of regular reporting reviewed by the Group's Board.Corporate assets consist of the Company’s property  plant and equipment including right-of-use assets  cash and cash equivalents and prepayments at the reporting date. Corporate liabilities consist of trade and other payables at the reporting date.4. Cost and income analysis2022$’000 Restated 2021$’000 Expenses by function Cost of sales 282 694 295 010 Administration expenses 9 862 9 825 Total 292 556 304 835Expenses by nature can be analysed as follows:2022$’000 Restated 2021$’000 Expenses by nature Staff costs 55 907 46 712 Repairs and maintenance 43 151 43 208 Power and fuel 43 960 30 400 Freight 27 649 35 394 Distribution costs 5 699 5 215 Other production and operating costs 72 099 69 552 Movement of mineral products inventory (21 628) 9 346 Depreciation of property  plant and equipment and right-of-use assets 64 596 63 136 Foreign exchange loss 1 123 1 872 Total 292 556 304 835Mineral products consist of finished products and heavy mineral concentrate as detailed in Note 10. Mineral stock movement in the year was an increase of $21.6 million (2021: $9.3 million decrease). Distribution costs of $5.7 million (2021: $5.2 million) represent the cost of running the Mine’s finished product storage  jetty and marine fleet. Freight costs of $27.6 million (2021: $35.4 million) arise from sales to customers on a CIF or CFR basis. There were no exceptional items within operating profit in 2022 (2021 restated: $nil).The 2021 income statement has been restated in order to reclassify freight costs and distribution costs from other operating costs to cost of sales. In addition  foreign exchange gains and losses have been reclassified to administrative costs and are no longer presented separately on the face of the income statement. Management feel these presentational changes more appropriately reflect the nature of each category of expense.As previously reported Adjustment As restated$’000 Revenue 455 944 – 455 944 Cost of sales (244 986) (50 024) (295 010) Other Operating Costs/Administration Expenses (57 977) 48 152 (9 825) Net Finance costs (11 788) (2 025) (13 813) Foreign exchange (3 897) 3 897 – Taxation (8 770) – (8 770) Profit for the financial year and total comprehensive income for the financial year 128 526 – 128 5265. Net Finance costs2022$’000 Restated 2021$’000 Finance costs Interest on bank borrowings (8 829) (9 475) Interest on lease liabilities (147) (239) Factoring and other trade facility fees (2 218) (1 431) Commitment and other fees (534) (161) Unwinding of discount on mine closure provision (744) (747) Foreign exchange loss – (2 025) Total Finance Costs (12 472) (14 078) Interest earned on bank deposits 657 265 Foreign exchange gain 490 – Total Finance Income 1 147 265 Net finance costs recognised in profit or loss (11 325) (13 813)All interest has been expensed in the financial year. The Group has classified factoring and other trade facility fees in net cash from operating activities in the Consolidated Statement of Cashflows.6. Income tax expense2022$’000 2021$’000 Corporation tax 16 073 8 770 Deferred tax – – Total 16 073 8 770 Reconciliation of effective tax rate Profit before tax 222 107 137 296 Profit before tax multiplied by the applicable tax rate (12.5%) 27 763 17 162 Under provision in respect of prior years 546 – Non-taxable income (18 120) (10 826) Non-deductible expenses 483 331 Differences in effective tax rates on overseas earnings 5 401 2 103 Total 16 073 8 770During the year  KMML Mozambique Branch had taxable profits of $39.9 million (2021: $16.2 million)  resulting in an income tax expense of $14.5 million (2021: $5.7 million) being recognised. The income tax rate applicable to taxable profits of KMML Mozambique Branch is 35% (2021: 35%).KMML Mozambique Branch has elected  and the fiscal regime applicable to mining allows for  the option to deduct  as an allowable deduction  depreciation of exploration and development expense and capital expenditure over the life of mine. Tax losses may be carried forward for three years. There are no tax losses carried forward at 31 December 2022.KMPL Mozambique Branch has Industrial Free Zone (IFZ) status. As an IFZ Branch  it is exempted from corporation taxes and hence its income is non-taxable.During the year  Kenmare Resources plc had taxable profits of $13.3 million (2021: $32.5 million) as a result of management and marketing service fee income earned on services provided to subsidiary undertakings  resulting in a corporate tax expense of $1.6 million (2021: $3.1 million).7. Earnings per shareThe calculation of the basic and diluted earnings per share attributable to the ordinary equity holders of the Company is based on the following data:2022$’000 2021$’000 Profit for the financial year attributable to equity holders of the Company 206 034 128 5262022Number of shares 2021Number of shares Weighted average number of issued ordinary shares for the purpose of basic earnings per share 94 919 944 108 843 459 Effect of dilutive potential ordinary shares: Share awards 2 361 819 2 185 857 Weighted average number of ordinary shares for the purposes of diluted earnings per share 97 281 763 111 029 316$ per share $ per share Basic earnings per share 2.17 1.18 Diluted earnings per share 2.12 1.16The denominator for the purposes of calculating both basic and diluted earnings per share has been adjusted to reflect shares acquired and subsequently cancelled during the year.8. Property  plant and equipmentPlant andEquipment$’000 DevelopmentExpenditure$’000 ConstructionIn Progress$’000 OtherAssets$’000 Total$’000 Cost At 1 January 2021 995 856 249 971 52 416 63 114 1 361 357 Additions during the financial year 784 – 59 558 – 60 342 Transfer from construction in progress 29 586 8 201 (50 544) 12 757 – Disposals (6 557) – – (11 440) (17 997) Adjustment to mine closure cost (2 240) – – – (2 240) At 31 December 2021 1 017 429 258 172 61 430 64 431 1 401 462 Additions during the financial year 252 112 59 261 242 59 867 Transfer from construction in progress 48 233 1 767 (69 918) 19 918 – Disposals (10 230) – – (7 201) (17 431) Adjustment to mine closure cost (20 080) – – – (20 080) At 31 December 2022 1 035 604 260 051 50 773 77 390 1 423 818 Accumulated depreciation At 1 January 2021 232 441 135 153 – 35 255 402 849 Charge for the financial year 44 229 6 336 – 11 487 62 052 Disposals (6 557) – – (11 440) (17 997) At 31 December 2021 270 113 141 489 – 35 302 446 904 Charge for the financial year 44 435 6 379 – 12 772 63 586 Disposals (10 230) – – (7 201) (17 431) At 31 December 2022 304 318 147 868 – 40 873 493 059 Carrying amount At 31 December 2022 731 286 112 183 50 773 36 517 930 759 At 31 December 2021 747 316 116 683 61 430 29 129 954 558An adjustment to the mine closure cost of $20.1 million (2021: $2.2 million) was made during the year as a result of an update in the discount rate as detailed in Note 15.At each reporting date  the Group assesses whether there is any indication that property  plant and equipment may be impaired. The Group considers the relationship between its market capitalisation and its book value  among other factors  when reviewing for indicators for impairment. As at 31 December 2022  the market capitalisation of the Group was below the book value of net assets  which is considered an indicator of impairment. The Group carried out an impairment review of property  plant and equipment as at 31 December 2022. As a result of the review  and given the performance and outlook of the Group  no impairment provision was recognised in the current financial year. No impairment was recognised in the prior financial year. Given the historic volatility in product pricing and sensitivity analysis of forecast product pricing  the discount rate and to a lesser extent operating costs  the impairment loss of $64.8 million  which was recognised in the consolidated statement of comprehensive income in 2014  was not reversed.The cash-generating unit for the purpose of impairment testing is the Moma Titanium Minerals Mine. The basis on which the Mine is assessed is its value in use. The cash flow forecast employed for the value in use computation is from a life of mine financial model. The recoverable amount obtained from the financial model represents the present value of the future discounted pre-tax  pre-finance cash flows discounted at 14.0% (2021: 10.5%).Key assumptions include the following:• The discount rate is based on the Group’s weighted average cost of capital. This rate is a best estimate of the current market assessment of the time value of money and the risks specific to the Mine  taking into consideration country risk  currency risk and price risk. The factors making up the cost of equity  cost of debt and capital structure have changed from the prior year review  to reflect increases in the risk-free rate  resulting in a discount rate of 14.0% (2021: 10.5%). The Group’s estimation of the country risk premium included in the discount rate has remained unchanged from the prior year. The Group does not consider it appropriate to apply the full current country risk premium for Mozambique to the calculation of the Group’s weighted average cost of capital as it believes the specific circumstances which have resulted in the risk premium increase over the past number of years are not relevant to the specific circumstances of the Moma Mine. Hence  country risk premium applicable to the calculation of the cost of equity has been adjusted accordingly. Using a discount rate of 14.0%  the recoverable amount is greater than the carrying amount by $86.9 million (2021: $384.0 million). The discount rate is a significant factor in determining the recoverable amount. A 1.5% increase in the discount rate to 15.5% reduces the recoverable amount by $86.9 million to $nil  assuming all other inputs remain unchanged. The decrease in the recoverable amount from the prior year is a result of decreased cash flows over the life of mine as a result of increased forecast capital and operating costs and an increase in the discount rate from 10.5% to 14.0%.• A mine plan is based on the Namalope  Nataka  Pilivili and Mualadi proved and probable reserves and resources. Specific resource material is included only where there is a high degree of confidence in its economic extraction. The Mine life assumption of 40 years has not changed from the prior year review. Average annual production is approximately 1.2 million tonnes (2021: 1.2 million tonnes) of ilmenite and co-products zircon  rutile and concentrates over the life of the Mine and remains unchanged from the prior year review. This mine plan does not include investment in additional mining capacity. Certain minimum stocks of final and intermediate products are assumed to be maintained at period ends.• Product sales prices are based on contract prices as stipulated in marketing agreements with customers  or where contracts are based on market prices or production is not currently contracted  prices are forecast by the Group taking into account independent titanium mineral sands expertise provided by TiPMC Solutions and management expectations including general inflation of 2% per annum. Forecast prices provided by TiPMC Solutions have been reviewed and found to be consistent with other external sources of information. Average forecast product sales prices have increased over the life of mine from the prior year end review as a result of revised forecast pricing. A 2.5% reduction in average sales prices over the life of mine reduces the recoverable amount by $86.9 million to $nil  assuming all other inputs remain unchanged.• Operating costs are based on approved budget costs for 2023 taking into account conservative estimated inflation rates for 2023. From 2024 onwards  operating costs are escalated by 2% per annum as management expects inflation to normalise and average 2% over the life of mine period. Average forecast operating costs have increased from the prior year end review as a result of increased production and inflation. Increased costs associated with estimated future power consumption and unit prices for mining in Nataka have also been included in the forecast cashflows. A 5.0% increase in operating costs over the life of mine reduces the recoverable amount by $86.9 million to $nil  assuming all other inputs remain unchanged.Whilst the Group has set ambitions to be net zero by 2040  the financial impact is still being assessed as the Group considers how it will work towards meeting this target. As such  estimates and judgements within these financial statements do not consider the expenditure (or any related savings) associated with the Company’s ambition to become net zero nor the financial impact of the climate risks disclosed within the Group’s TCFD reporting as a reliable estimate cannot currently be made.• Capital costs are based on a life of mine capital plan including inflation at 2% per annum from 2024. Average forecast capital costs have increased and their scheduling has changed from the prior year end review based on updated sustaining and development capital plans required to maintain the existing plant over the life of mine. A 8.0% increase in capital costs over the life of mine reduces the recoverable amount by $86.9 million to $nil  assuming all other inputs remain unchanged.9. Right-of-use assets and lease liabilitiesPlant and Equipment$’000 Land and Buildings$’000 Total$’000Cost At 1 January 2022 3 319 2 108 5 427 Additions – 482 482 At 31 December 2022 3 319 2 590 5 909 Accumulated Depreciation At 1 January 2022 2 489 802 3 291 Depreciation expense 830 180 1 010 At 31 December 2022 3 319 982 4 301 Carrying amount At 31 December 2022 – 1 608 1 608 At 31 December 2021 830 1 306 2 136On 1 January 2019  the Group recognised a lease liability of $3.3 million in relation to electricity generators at the Mine. The lease for the electricity generators was renewed in November 2017 for a five-year period and rental payments were fixed for the five years. The lease agreement expired in November 2022 and following negotiations the Group completed the acquisition process of the electricity generators in February 2023.On 1 January 2019  the Group recognised a lease liability of $1.7 million in respect of the rental of its Irish head office. The lease has a term of 10 years commencing August 2017 and rental payments are fixed for five years. This lease obligation is denominated in Euros.In February 2019  the Group recognised a lease liability of $0.4 million in respect of its Mozambican country office in Maputo. The lease has a seven-year term commencing February 2019 and rental payments are fixed for seven years. This lease obligation is denominated in US Dollars. The Branch has discounted lease payments using its incremental borrowing rates. The weighted average rate applied is 7%.In December 2022  the Maputo Office lease was modified and remeasured. The lease term was extended to 10 years commencing 1 December 2022. In addition  additional floor space of 250 square meters was leased as an addendum to the existing contract. The Group has determined that the lease modification should not be accounted for as a separate lease because the lease payments for the new office space are not considered commensurate with market rentals for office space of that size and characteristic. The incremental borrowing rate applied to the remeasured lease is 10.2%.At each reporting date  the Company assesses whether there is any indication that right-of-use assets may be impaired. No impairment indicators were identified as at 31 December 2022 or 31 December 2021.The Group has recognised a rental expense of $3.9 million (2021: $9.0 million) in relation to short term leases of machinery and vehicles which have not been recognised as a right-of-use asset.Set out below are the carrying amounts of lease liabilities at each reporting date:2022$’000 2021$’000 Current 245 1 207 Non-current 1 540 971 Total 1 785 2 178The consolidated income statement includes the following amounts relating to leases:2022$’000 2021$’000 Depreciation expense 1 010 1 084 Interest expense on lease liabilities 147 239 Total 1 157 1 32310. Inventories2022$’000 2021$’000 Mineral products 43 655 22 027 Consumable spares 40 516 38 192 84 171 60 219At 31 December 2022  total final product stock was 213 500 tonnes (2021: 88 700 tonnes). Closing stock of heavy mineral concentrate was 18 800 tonnes (2021: 11 500 tonnes). During the year  inventory amounting to $235.2 million (2021: $246.4 million) was recognised as an expense in cost of sales.Net realisable value is determined with reference to forecast prices of finished products expected to be achieved. There is no guarantee that these prices will be achieved in the future  particularly in weak product markets. During the financial year  there was a write-down of $nil (2021: $0.5 million) to mineral products charged to cost of sales to value mineral products at net realisable value.11. Trade and other receivables2022$’000 2021$’000 Trade receivables 104 970 66 204 VAT receivable 4 527 790 Prepayments 14 521 7 753 124 018 74 74712. Cash and cash equivalents2022$’000 2021$’000 Bank balances 108 271 69 057Cash and cash equivalents comprise cash balances held for the purposes of meeting short-term cash commitments and investments which are readily convertible to a known amount of cash and are subject to an insignificant risk of change in value. Where investments are categorised as cash equivalents  the related balances have a maturity of three months or less from the date of investment.13. Called-up share capital2022€’000 2021€’000 Authorised share capital 181 000 000 ordinary shares of €0.001 each 181 181 181 1812022$’000 2021$’000 Allotted  called up and fully paid Opening balance 94 921 970 (2021: 109 736 382) ordinary shares of €0.001 each 104 120 Acquired and cancelled92 419 (2021: 14 814 412) ordinary shares of €0.001 each – (16) Closing balance 94 829 551 (2021: 94 921 970) ordinary shares of €0.001 each 104 104 Total called-up share capital 104 104No ordinary shares were issued during the year (2021: $nil).On 3 October 2022  under the authority granted at the Company’s Annual General Meeting held on 26 May 2022  and in accordance with Section 1075 of the Companies Act 2014 and article 147 of the Articles of Association  the Company completed an odd lot offer which involved the acquisition of 92 419 ordinary shares of €0.001 each in the capital of the Company representing 0.1% of the then called-up share capital of the Company for a total cash consideration of $0.5 million. The odd lot offer buyback was funded from distributable reserves and all ordinary shares acquired by the Company were subsequently cancelled. Transaction costs associated with the transaction amounted to $0.1 million and were accounted for as a deduction from retained earnings.On 10 December 2021  under the authority granted at the Company’s extraordinary General Meeting held on 9 December 2021  and in accordance with Section 105(1) and Section 106(1) of the Companies Act 2014 and article 47 and article 48 of the Articles of Association  the Company completed a tender offer buyback of 14 814 412 ordinary shares of €0.001 each in the capital of the Company representing 13.5% of the then called-up share capital of the Company for a total cash consideration of $81.6 million. The tender offer share buyback was funded from distributable reserves and all ordinary shares acquired by the Company were subsequently cancelled. Transaction costs associated with the transaction amounted to $1.5 million and were accounted for as a deduction from retained earnings.14. Bank loans2022$’000 2021$’000 Borrowings 78 578 148 099 The borrowings are repayable as follows: Less than one year 33 653 73 342 Between two and five years 47 142 78 572 80 795 151 914 Transaction costs (2 217) (3 815) Total carrying amount 78 578 148 099BorrowingsOn 11 December 2019  the Group entered into debt facilities with Absa Bank Limited (acting through its Corporate and Investment Banking Division) (“Absa”)  The Emerging Africa Infrastructure Fund (part of the Private Infrastructure Development Group) (“EAIF”)  Nedbank Limited (acting through its Nedbank Corporate and Investment Banking division) (“Nedbank”)  Rand Merchant Bank and Standard Bank Group (“Standard Bank”).The debt facilities comprise a $110 million Term Loan Facility and a $40 million Revolving Credit Facility that share common terms and a common security package. The finance documentation also accommodates for a Mine Closure Guarantee Facility (provided by either the existing lenders or other finance providers) of up to $40 million  with the provider(s) of such a facility sharing in the common security package. The potential total aggregate principal amount of indebtedness secured under the finance documentation is therefore $190 million. The transaction costs for arrangement of the debt facilities amounted to $6.5 million. The Term Loan Facility has a final maturity date of 11 March 2025. Interest is at LIBOR plus 5.40% per annum. Repayment is in seven equal semi-annual instalments  beginning 11 March 2022.On 21 July 2022 the Revolving Credit Facility was extended by 12 months and now has a maturity date of 11 December 2023  which is extendable by a further 12 months subject to lender consent. As at the end of the period  interest is at LIBOR plus 4.25% per annum (5.0% up to 11 December 2022).The Group entered into a mine closure guarantee facility with Absa Bank Moçambique SA effective from 1 July 2022 for an amount of $18.9 million. This guarantee shares the security package with the Term Loan Facility and Revolving Credit Facility on a pro rata and pari passu basis.The security package consists of (a) security over the Group’s bank accounts (subject to certain exceptions)  (b) pledges of the shares of Kenmare Moma Processing (Mauritius) Limited and Kenmare Moma Mining (Mauritius) Limited (the “Project Companies”)  (c) security over intercompany loans  and (d) Mozambican law security interests over certain rights and agreements with Mozambican authorities  including over the Implementation Agreement  the Mineral Licensing Contract and the Mining Licence.The carrying amount of the secured bank accounts of the Group was $102.9 million as at 31 December 2022 (2021: $66.9 million). The shares of the Project Companies and intercompany loans are not included in the consolidated statement of financial position as they are eliminated on consolidation. They  therefore  do not have a carrying amount but  upon enforcement of the pledges on behalf of the lender group  the shares in the Project Companies would cease to be owned or controlled by the Group. The secured rights and agreements do not have a carrying amount. They are  however  necessary for the Project Companies to operate the Mine in Mozambique.At 31 December 2022  total debt of $78.6 million (2021: $148.1 million) was recognised by the Group. The $40 million Revolving Credit Facility was repaid in full in February 2022 and a further $20 million was drawn down in September 2022 and subsequently repaid in November 2022. $31.4 million of principal repayments were made against the Term Loan over the course of the year. Unamortised transaction costs of $2.2 million (2021: $3.8 million) plus interest amortised of $2.2 million (2021: $2.0 million) were recognised by the Group at 31 December 2022.Reconciliation of movements of debt to cash flows arising from financing activities (excluding leases) 2022$’000 2021$’000 Bank loans Balance at 1 January 148 099 145 771 Cash movements Loan interest paid (6 921) (7 147) Principal paid (91 429) (20 000) Loan drawn down 20 000 20 000 Non-cash movements Loan interest accrued 8 829 9 475 Balance at 31 December 78 578 148 099IBOR reformA fundamental reform of major interest rate benchmarks is being undertaken globally  including the replacement of some interbank offered rates (IBORs) with alternative nearly risk-free rates (referred to as “IBOR reform”)  including LIBOR (the London Interbank Offered Rate). The Group had  at the reporting date  exposure to US LIBOR on its debt facilities.Pursuant to an Amendment and Restatement Agreement entered into on 9 March 2023 in respect of the Group’s debt facilities  the basis on which interest is calculated in respect of those facilities were amended with effect from 11 March 2023. As a result of the amendment  interest rates for interest periods commencing from 11 March 2023 onwards are no longer determined by reference to US LIBOR; instead they are determined on the basis of the applicable Term SOFR Rate. While US LIBOR represented an inter-bank lending rate  Term SOFR is a published screen rate derived from SOFR  being the secured overnight financing rate (SOFR) administered by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York. As SOFR represents a risk-free rate  a credit adjustment spread is applied in addition  which spread varies according to the length of the relevant interest period.The 6-month SOFR rate set on 11 March 2023 for the next interest period to 11 September 2023 was 5.4%. The credit adjustment spread of 0.4% plus the margin of 5.4% results in an interest rate of 11.2% on the Term Loan. The Group has concluded that the new basis for determining cashflows is economically equivalent to the previous basis.CovenantsThe finance documents contain a number of representations  covenants and events of default on customary terms  the breach of which could lead to the secured parties under the finance documentation accelerating the outstanding loans and taking other enforcement steps  such as the enforcement of some or all of the security interests  which could lead to  in extremis  the Group losing its interest in the Mine. The most salient of the relevant terms that could lead to acceleration of the loans and/or enforcement of security are the financial covenants.All covenants have been complied with during the year. The key financial covenants are detailed below:As at31 December2022 As at31 December2021 Covenant Interest Coverage Ratio 34.96:1 21.8:1 Not less than 4.00:1 Net Debt to EBITDA (0.09):1 0.38:1 Not greater than 2.00:1 Debt Service Coverage Ratio 3.11:1 22.3:1 Not less than 1.20:1 Liquidity $148 271 000 $69 057 000 Not less than $15 000 000 Reserve Tail Ratio 81% 78% Not less than 30%The definition of the covenants under the debt facilities are set out below:• Interest Coverage Ratio is defined as the ratio of EBITDA to Net Interest Cost.• Net Debt is defined as total financial indebtedness excluding leases less consolidated cash and cash equivalents.• The Debt Service Coverage Ratio is the ratio of cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of a reporting period plus available facilities plus cash generated in the period to debt repayments in the period.• Liquidity is defined as consolidated cash and cash equivalents plus undrawn amounts of the Revolving Credit Facility.• Reserve Tail Ratio means the reserve tail ratio  expressed as a percentage of the termination date reserves (estimated remaining reserves in March 2025) divided by the initial reserves (estimated reserves in December 2019).15. Provisions2022$’000 2021$’000 Mine closure provision 16 623 35 959 Mine rehabilitation provision 4 121 3 998 Other provisions – 2 264 20 744 42 221 Current 998 3 222 Non-current 19 746 38 999 20 744 42 221MineClosureProvision$’000 MineRehabilitationProvision$’000OtherProvisions Total$’000 At 1 January 2021 37 451 3 893 – 41 344 (Decrease)/increase in provision during the financial year (2 239) 470 2 264 495 Provision utilised during the financial year – (365) – (365) Unwinding of the discount 747 – – 747 At 1 January 2022 35 959 3 998 2 264 42 221 (Decrease)/Increase in provision during the financial year (20 080) 4 131 948 (15 001) Provision utilised during the financial year – (4 008) (3 212) (7 220) Unwinding of the discount 744 – – 744 At 31 December 2022 16 623 4 121 – 20 744The Mine closure provision represents the Directors’ best estimate of the Project Companies’ liability for close-down  dismantling and restoration of the mining and processing site. A corresponding amount equal to the provision is recognised as part of property  plant and equipment. The costs are estimated on the basis of a formal closure plan  are subject to regular review and are estimated based on the net present value of estimated future costs. Mine closure costs are a normal consequence of mining  and the majority of close-down and restoration expenditure is incurred at the end of the life of the Mine. The unwinding of the discount is recognised as a finance cost and $0.7 million (2021: $0.7 million) has been recognised in the statement of comprehensive income for the financial year.The main assumptions used in the calculation of the estimated future costs include:• a discount rate of 4.0% (2021: 2.1%);• an inflation rate of 2% (2021: 2%);• an estimated life of mine of 40 years (2021: 40 years). It is assumed that all licences and permits required to operate will be renewed or extended during the life of mine; and• an estimated closure cost of $34.1 million (2021: $34.1 million) and an estimated post-closure monitoring provision of $3.9 million (2021: $3.9 million).The life of mine plan is based on the Namalope  Nataka  Pilivili and Mualadi reserves and resources as set out in the reserve and resources table. Specific resource material is included only where there is a high degree of confidence in its economic extraction. The Mine closure provision has decreased by $20.1 million as a result of a change in the discount rate from 2.1% to 4.0%.The discount rate is a significant factor in determining the Mine closure provision. The discount rate increased to 4.0% (2021: 2.1%) as a result of movements in the US Treasury rates. Thirty-year US Treasury yields are the longest period for which yields are quoted. A 40-year rate to align with the estimated life of mine has been calculated by taking the average of the increase in yield from 10 to 20 years and the increase in yield from 20 to 30 years and adding this average to the 30-year Treasury rate to arrive at an estimated extrapolated rate for 40 years. This discount rate is deemed to provide the best estimate of the current market assessment of the risk-free time value of money. Risks specific to the liability are included in the cost estimate. A reasonable possible increase of 1% in the estimated discount rate results in the Mine closure provision decreasing to $11.2 million. A 1% decrease in the estimated discount rate results in the Mine closure provision increasing to $24.7 million.The Mine rehabilitation provision represents the Directors’ best estimate of the Company’s liability for rehabilitating areas disturbed by mining activities. Rehabilitation costs are recognised based on the area disturbed and estimated cost of rehabilitation per hectare  which is reviewed regularly against actual rehabilitation cost per hectare. Actual rehabilitation expenditure is incurred approximately 12 months after the area has been disturbed. During the financial year  there was a release of $4.0 million (2021: $0.4 million) to reflect the actual mine rehabilitation costs incurred  and an addition to the provision of $4.1 million (2021: $0.5 million) for areas newly disturbed.Other provisions comprise an amount of $nil (2021: $2.3 million) in relation to a potential indirect tax liability. The matter was resolved following a final settlement of $3.2 million with the Mozambican Tax Authority during the year.16. Trade and other payables2022$’000 2021$’000 Trade payables 7 305 7 186 Deferred income 2 740 – Accruals 25 248 25 582 35 293 32 768Included in accruals at the financial year end is an amount of $1.6 million (2021: $1.6 million) for payroll and social insurance taxes.Deferred income relates to sales contracts which contain separate performance obligations for the sale of mineral products and the provision of freight services. The portion of the revenue representing the obligation to perform the freight service is deferred and recognised over time as the obligation is fulfilled  along with the associated costs.17. Current tax liabilities2022$’000 2021$’000 Current tax liabilities 8 893 4 808Refer to Note 6 for further information on the Group’s tax expense.18. Financial instruments2022 2021 Carrying amount$’000 Fair value$’000 Carrying amount$’000 Fair value$’000 Financial assets at fair value through profit and loss Trade receivables1 31 188 31 188 Level 2 37 086 37 086 Level 2 Financial assets at fair value through OCI Trade receivables2 43 065 43 065 Level 2 14 539 14 539 Level 2 Financial assets not measuredat fair value Trade receivables3 30 717 30 717 Level 2 14 579 14 579 Level 2 Cash and cash equivalents 108 271 108 271 Level 2 69 057 69 057 Level 2 213 241 213 241 135 261 135 261 Financial liabilities not measuredat fair value Bank loans 78 578 80 795 Level 2 148 099 148 827 Level 2The carrying amounts and fair values of financial assets and financial liabilities including their levels in fair value hierarchy are detailed above. The table does not include fair value information for other receivables  prepayments  trade payables and accruals as these are not measured at fair value as the carrying amount is a reasonable approximation of their fair value.Trade receivables which are factored through the Absa Bank facility or letters of credit which are discounted through the Barclays Bank facility are initially measured at fair value and subsequently measured at fair value through profit or loss (FVTPL). Trade receivables or letters of credit where it is not known at initial recognition if they will be factored are classified as fair value through other comprehensive income (FVOCI). Trade receivables which will not be factored and for which balances will be recovered under the sale contract credit terms are classified and subsequently measured at amortised cost.In the case of factored receivables  the Group derecognises the discounted receivable to which the arrangement applies when payment is received from the bank as the terms of the arrangement are non-recourse. The payment to the bank by the Group’s customers are considered non-cash transactions for the purposes of the consolidated statement of cashflows.The valuation technique used in measuring Level 2 fair values is discounted cash flows  which considers the expected receipts or payments discounted using adjusted market discount rates or where these rates are not available estimated discount rates.The Group has exposure to credit risk  liquidity risk and market risk arising from financial instruments.Risk management frameworkThe Board is ultimately responsible for risk management within the Group. It has delegated responsibility for the monitoring of the effectiveness of the Group’s risk management and internal control systems to the Audit & Risk Committee. The Board and Audit & Risk Committee receive reports from executive management on the key risks to the business and the steps being taken to mitigate such risks. The Audit & Risk Committee is assisted in its role by internal audit. Internal audit undertakes both regular and ad hoc reviews of risk management controls and procedures  the results of which are reported to the Audit & Risk Committee.Credit riskCredit risk is the risk of financial loss to the Group if a customer or a counterparty to a financial instrument fails to meet its contractual obligations and arises principally from the Group’s trade receivables from customers. The carrying amount of financial assets represents the maximum credit exposure.The Group’s exposure to credit risk is influenced by the individual circumstances of each customer. The Group also considers the factors that may influence the credit risk of its customer base  including the default risk associated with the industry and country in which customers operate. The Group reduces its exposure to customers perceived to have a higher credit risk through a letter of credit trade facility. Under this facility  Barclays Bank confirms the letter of credit from the issuing bank and therefore assumes the credit risk.The Group’s customers have been transacting with the Group for a significant number of years  and no customers’ balances have been written off or are credit impaired at the financial year end. In monitoring customer credit risk  customers are regularly reviewed individually and the Group has not identified any factors that would merit reducing exposure to any particular customer. The Group does not require collateral in respect of trade receivables.The gross exposure to credit risk for trade receivables by geographic region was as follows:2022$’000 2021$’000 China 19 009 37 120 Asia (excluding China) 17 243 5 127 Europe 45 806 15 410 USA 22 776 8 547 Africa 136 – Total 104 970 66 204At 31 December 2022  $35.4 million (2021: $41.3 million) is due from the Group’s three largest customers.A summary of the Group’s exposure to credit risk for trade receivables is as follows:2022$’000 2021$’000 External credit ratings at least Baa3 (Moody’s) 31 188 37 535 External credit ratings Ba3 to Ba1 (Moody’s) – 19 051 Other 75 316 10 042 Total gross carrying amount 106 504 66 628 Loss allowance (1 534) (424) Total 104 970 66 204The following table provides ageing information relevant to the exposure to credit risk for trade receivables from individual customers. No balances were considered credit impaired at 31 December 2022 or 31 December 2021.Current$’000 More than30 dayspast due$’000 More than60 dayspast due$’000 More than90 dayspast due$’000 Total$’000 2022 104 962 – – 8 104 970 2021 66 133 – – 71 66 204Expected credit loss assessment of trade receivablesFor trade receivables measured at fair value through OCI and trade receivables measured at amortised cost  the Group allocates to each customer a credit risk grade based on data that is determined to be predictive of the risk of loss (including but not limited to external ratings  financial statements and available market information about customers) and applying experienced credit judgement.The following table provides information about the exposure to credit risk and expected credit losses as at 31 December 2022.Equivalent to Moody’s credit rating Weight average loss rate Gross carrying amount$’000 Impairment loss allowance$’000 Credit impaired Other 2.0% 75 316 1 534 NoThe following table provides information about the exposure to credit risk and expected credit losses as at 31 December 2021.Equivalent to Moody’s credit rating Weight average loss rate Gross carrying amount$’000 Impairment loss allowance$’000 Credit impaired Baa3 to AAA 0.30% 25 – No Ba3 to Ba1 1.30% 19 051 248 No Other 1.75% 10 042 176 No 29 118 424The movement in expected credit losses in respect of trade receivables were measured at amortised cost or fair value through other comprehensive income during the year was as follows:2022$’000 2021$’000 Balance at 1 January 424 199 Net remeasurement of loss allowance 1 110 225 Balance at 31 December 1 534 424The credit risk on cash and cash equivalents is limited because funds are deposited with banks with high credit ratings assigned by international credit rating agencies. For deposits in excess of $75 million the Group requires that the institution has an A– (S&P)/A3 (Moody’s) long-term rating. For deposits in excess of $50 million  the Group requires that the institution has a BB– (S&P)/Ba3 (Moody’s) long-term rating.At 31 December 2022 and 2021 cash was deposited with the following banks:2022 2021 Long-term credit rating Long-term credit rating $ million S&P Moody’s $ million S&P Moody’s Barclays Bank plc 81.4 A Positive A–1 Stable 60.8 A Positive A–1 Stable FirstRand Bank Limited – BBB – Positive Ba2 Stable 5.1 BBB– Stable Ba2 Negative HSBC Bank plc 1.0 AA – Stable A1 – Stable 0.8 A+ Stable A1 Stable Absa Bank Limited 20.5 BB – Stable Ba2 Negative 2.0 BBB– Stable Ba2 NegativeLiquidity riskLiquidity risk is the risk that the Group will encounter difficulty in meeting the obligations associated with its financial liabilities that are settled in cash payments. The Group’s objective when managing liquidity is to ensure that it will have sufficient liquidity to meet its liabilities when they are due.The Group monitors mine payment forecasts  both operating and capital  which assist it in monitoring cash flow requirements and optimising its cash return on investments. The Group aims to maintain the level of its cash and cash equivalents at an amount in excess of expected cash outflows on financial liabilities. The Group monitors the level of expected cash inflows on trade receivables together with expected cash outflows on trade and other payables.The Group has a trade finance facility with Absa Bank for three of the Group’s largest customers. In accordance with this facility  the bank purchases certain customer receivables without recourse. The facility is for a maximum amount of $30 million with limits on the maximum amount that can be factored for each of the customers named in the facility. During the period  no trade receivables were factored under this agreement. At the year end  trade receivables amounting to $43.1 million (2021: $14.5 million) may be factored under this facility and are therefore included in trade receivables measured at fair value through OCI as at 31 December 2022. The cost of this facility for the period  which amounted to $0.2 million (2021: $0.2 million)  is included in finance costs in the statement of comprehensive income and in net cash from operating activities in the statement of consolidated cash flows.The Group has a trade facility with Barclays Bank for customers which it sells to under letter of credit terms. Under this facility  Barclays Bank confirms the letter of credit from the issuing bank and therefore assumes the credit risk. Barclays Bank can also discount these letters of credit thereby providing early payment of receivables to the Group. There is no limit under the Barclays Bank facility. During the period  trade receivables of $201.4 million (2021: $224.4 million) were discounted under this facility. At the year end  there were $31.2 million (2021: $37.1 million) of trade receivables which will be discounted under this facility. The cost of this facility for the period  which amounted to $2.0 million (2021: $1.2 million)  is included in finance costs in the statement of comprehensive income and in net cash from operating activities in the statement of consolidated cash flows.The table below summarises the maturity profile of the Group’s financial liabilities at 31 December 2022 based on the gross contractual undiscounted payments:Financial liabilities Total$’000 Less thanone year$’000 Betweentwo and five years$’000 More thanfive years$’000 Bank loans 89 536 38 005 51 531 – Lease liabilities 2 409 390 1 447 572 Trade and other payables 32 553 32 553 – – 124 498 70 948 52 978 572The table below summarises the maturity profile of the Group’s financial liabilities at 31 December 2021 based on the gross contractual undiscounted payments:Financial liabilities Total$’000 Less thanone year$’000 Betweentwo and five years$’000 More thanfive years$’000 Bank loans 151 914 73 342 78 572 – Lease liabilities 2 684 1 207 1 317 160 Trade and other payables 32 768 32 768 – – 187 366 107 317 79 889 160As disclosed in Note 14  the Group has bank loans that contain loan covenants. A future breach of covenant may require the Group to repay the loan earlier than indicated in the above table. Under the loan agreement  the covenants are monitored on a regular basis by Group finance and regularly reported to management and the lenders to ensure compliance with the agreement.Furthermore  the group has authorised and committed expenditure on operations-related capital projects amounting to $11.5 million (2021: $18.9 million).Risk concentrationConcentrations arise when a number of counterparties are engaged in similar business activities  or activities in the same geographical region  or have economic features that would cause their ability to meet contractual obligations to be similarly affected by changes in economic  political or other conditions. Concentrations indicate the relative sensitivity of the Group’s performance to developments affecting a particular industry.The Group evaluates the concentration of risk with respect to trade receivables as low  as its customers are located in several jurisdictions and industries and operate in largely independent markets. Details of concentration of revenue are included in Note 2.Market riskMarket risk is risk that changes in market prices  foreign exchange rates and interest rates will affect the Group’s income statement. The objective of market risk management is to manage and control market risk exposures while optimising returns.Currency riskThe Group is exposed to transactional foreign currency risk to the extent that there is a mismatch between the currencies in which sales  purchases  receivables and borrowings are denominated and the respective functional currencies of Group companies. The functional currency of all Group entities is US Dollars. The presentational currency of the Group is US Dollars. Sales and bank loans are denominated in US Dollars  which significantly reduces the exposure of the Group to foreign currency risk. Payable transactions are denominated in Mozambican Metical  South African Rand  Euro  Sterling  Australian Dollar and Renminbi.Exposure to currency riskThe Group’s gross exposure to currency risk as at 31 December 2022 is as follows.Mozambican Metical$’000 South African Rand$’000 Euro$’000 Sterling$’000 Australian Dollar$’000 Renminbi$’000 Trade and other receivables 12 172 756 489 72 88 – Cash and cash equivalents 1 397 12 894 892 1 129 17 34 Bank loans – – – – – – Leases – – (1 255) – – – Trade and other payables (20 367) (2 178) (502) (10) – – Net exposure (6 798) 11 472 (376) 1 191 105 34The Group’s exposure to currency risk as at 31 December 2021 is as follows.Mozambican Metical$’000 South African Rand$’000 Euro$’000 Sterling$’000 Australian Dollar$’000 Renminbi$’000 Trade and other receivables 2 717 1 275 928 55 364 – Cash and cash equivalents 1 030 2 337 479 338 6 36 Bank loans – – – – – – Leases – – (1 528) – – – Trade and other payables (14 082) (1 905) (2 395) (35) (68) – Net exposure (10 335) 1 707 (2 516) 358 302 36Sensitivity analysisA reasonably possible strengthening or weakening of the Mozambique Metical  South African Rand  Euro  Sterling  Australian Dollar and Renminbi by 10% against the US Dollar would have affected profit or loss by the amounts shown below. The analysis assumes that all other variables remain constant.Profit or loss Mozambican Metical$’000 South African Rand$’000 Euro$’000 Sterling$’000 AustralianDollar$’000 Renminbi$’000 31 December 2022 Strengthening (680) 1 147 (38) 119 11 3 Weakening 680 (1 147) 38 (119) (11) (3) 31 December 2021 Strengthening (1 030) 170 (250) 40 30 4 Weakening 1 030 (170) 250 (40) (30) (4)Interest rate riskThe loan facilities are arranged at variable rates and expose the Group to cash flow interest rate risk. Variable rates are based on six-month LIBOR. The borrowing rate at financial year end was 9.2% (2021: 5.8%). The interest rate profile of the Group’s loan balances at the financial year end was as follows:2022$’000 2021$’000 Variable rate debt 80 795 151 914Under the assumption that all other variables remain constant  a reasonable possible change of 1% in the six-month LIBOR rate results in a $0.8 million (2021: $1.5 million) change in finance costs for the financial year.The above sensitivity analyses are estimates of the impact of market risks assuming the specified change occurs. Actual results in the future may differ materially from these results due to developments in the global financial markets  which may cause fluctuations in interest rates to vary from the assumptions made above and therefore should not be considered a projection of likely future events.As disclosed in Note 14  pursuant to an Amendment and Restatement Agreement entered into on 9 March 2023 in respect of the Group’s debt facilities  the basis on which interest is calculated in respect of those facilities were amended with effect from 11 March 2023. As a result of the amendment  interest rates for interest periods commencing from 11 March 2023 onwards are no longer determined by reference to US LIBOR; instead they are determined on the basis of the applicable Term SOFR Rate. The Group has concluded that the transition to the applicable SOFR rate will not result in a substantial change to finance costs during 2023.Note 19. Events after the statement of financial position dateOn 21 March  the Board proposed a dividend of USc43.33 per share. This proposed dividend is subject to approval by the shareholders at the Annual General Meeting. These financial statements do not reflect this dividend.In February 2023  power lines nearby the mine were subject to a direct lightning strike of unusually high intensity resulting in severe disruption to mining operations. The Group is working to establish and mitigate the capital and operating cost impacts of the disruptions and a reliable estimate cannot be made at this time. Insurance cover is in place and Kenmare is liaising with its insurers to process claims in relation to the lightning strike.GLOSSARY - ALTERNATIVE PERFORMANCE MEASURESCertain financial measures set out in the Preliminary Results to 31 December 2022 are not defined under International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS)  but represent additional measures used by the Board to assess performance and for reporting both internally and to shareholders and other external users. Presentation of these Alternative Performance Measures (APMs) provides useful supplemental information which  when viewed in conjunction with the Group’s IFRS financial information  allows for a more meaningful understanding of the underlying financial and operating performance of the Group.These non-IFRS measures should not be considered as an alternative to financial measures as defined under IFRSs. Descriptions of the APMs included in this report  as well as their relevance for the Group  are disclosed below.APM Description Relevance EBITDA Operating profit/loss before depreciation and amortisation Eliminates the effects of financing  tax and depreciation to allow assessment of the earnings and performance of the Group EBITDA margin Percentage of EBITDA to Revenue (FOB) Provides a group margin for the earnings and performance of the Group Capital costs Additions to property  plant and equipment in the period Provides the amount spent by the Company on additions to property  plant and equipment in the period Cash operating cost per tonne of finished product produced Cost of sales and administration costs less freight  foreign exchange  depreciation and amortisation  expected credit losses  share based payment expense  mineral inventory movements and the indirect tax provision  divided by final product production (tonnes) Eliminates the non-cash impact on costs to identify the actual cash outlay for production and  as production levels increase or decrease  highlights operational performance by providing a comparable cash cost per tonne of product produced over time Cash operating cost per tonne of ilmenite net of co-products Cash operating costs less revenue of zircon  rutile and mineral sands concentrates  divided by ilmenite production (tonnes) Eliminates the non-cash impact on costs to identify the actual cash outlay for production and  as production levels increase or decrease  highlights operational performance by providing a comparable cash cost per tonne of ilmenite produced over time Net cash/debt Bank loans before transaction costs  loan amendment fees and expenses net of cash and cash equivalents Measures the amount the Group would have to raise through refinancing  asset sale or equity issue if its debt were to fall due immediately  and aids in developing an understanding of the leveraging of the Group ROCE Return on capital employed ROCE measures how efficiently we generate profits from investment in our portfolio of assets Shareholder returns Dividends and share buybacks Shareholder returns comprise the interim dividend  the proposed final dividend to be approved by shareholders at the AGM and any share buybacksEBITDA2018 Restated$m 2019 Restated$m 2020 Restated$m 2021 Restated$m 2022$m Operating profit 62.9 57.3 33.4 151.1 233.4 Depreciation 30.4 33.4 42.3 63.1 64.6 EBITDA 93.3 90.7 75.7 214.2 298.0EBITDA margin2018 Restated$m 2019 Restated$m 2020 Restated$m 2021 Restated$m 2022$’m EBITDA 93.3 90.7 75.7 214.2 298.0 Revenue derived from the sale of mineral product 245.9 255.5 231.5 420.5 498.4 EBITDA margin (%) 38% 35% 33% 51% 60%Cash operating cost per tonne of finished product2018 Restated$m 2019 Restated$m 2020 Restated$m 2021 Restated$m 2022$m Cost of sales 184.6 195.7 192.3 295.0 282.7 Freight (16.3) (15.4) (12.2) (35.4) (27.6) Foreign exchange included in cost of sales – (1.9) (1.0) (1.9) (1.1) Cost of sales excluding freight and foreign exchange 168.3 178.4 179.1 257.7 254.0 Administrative expenses 14.7 17.9 18.1 9.8 9.9 Total operating costs less freight and foreign exchange 183.0 196.3 197.2 267.5 263.9 Non-cash costs Depreciation and amortisation (30.4) (33.4) (42.3) (63.1) (64.6) Expected credit losses – – – (0.2) (1.1) Share-based payments (1.4) (1.8) (0.5) (1.1) (2.2) Mineral product inventory movements 0.1 (4.5) 4.9 (9.3) 21.6 Indirect tax provision 0.0 0.0 0.0 (2.0) (0.9) Total cash operating costs 151.3 156.6 159.3 191.8 216.7 Final product production tonnes 1 043 300 988 300 840 500 1 228 500 1 200 800 Cash operating cost per tonne of finished product $145 $158 $190 $156 $180Cash operating cost per tonne of ilmenite2018 Restated$m 2019 Restated$m 2020 Restated$m 2021 Restated$m 2022$’m Total cash operating costs 151.3 156.6 159.3 191.8 216.7 Less revenue from co-products zircon rutile and mineral sands concentrate (75.1) (84.5) (63.2) (85.8) (150.9) Total cash costs less co-product revenue 76.2 72.1 96.1 106 65.8 Ilmenite product production tonnes 958 500 892 900 756 000 1 119 400 1 088 300 Cash operating cost per tonne of ilmenite $79 $81 $127 $95 $60Net cash/debt2018$’m 2019$’m 2020$’m 2021$’m 2022$’m Bank debt (83.5) (60.9) (145.8) (148.1) (78.6) Transaction costs – (6.6) (5.4) (3.8) (2.2) Gross debt (83.5) (67.5) (151.2) (151.9) (80.8) Cash and cash equivalents 97.0 81.2 87.2 69.1 108.3 Net cash/(debt) 13.5 13.7 (64.0) (82.8) 27.5Return on Capital Employed2018 Restated$m 2019 Restated$m 2020 Restated$m 2021 Restated$m 2022$’m Operating profit 62.9 57.3 33.4 151.1 233.4 Total Equity and Non-Current Liabilities 932.7 984.0 1 087.5 1 045.4 1 171.0 ROCE 7% 6% 3% 15% 20%GLOSSARY - TERMSTerm Description AGM Annual general meeting CIF The seller delivers when the goods pass the ship’s rail in the port of shipment. Seller must pay the cost and freight necessary to bring goods to named port of destination. Risk of loss and damage are the same as CFR. Seller also has to procure marine insurance against buyer’s risk of loss/damage during the carriage. Seller must clear the goods for export. This term can only be used for sea transport. CFR This term means the seller delivers when the goods pass the ship’s rail in port of shipment. Seller must pay the costs and freight necessary to bring the goods to the named port of destination  but the risks of loss or damage  as well as any additional costs due to events occurring after the time of delivery  are transferred from seller to buyer. Seller must clear goods for export. This term can only be used for sea transport. The Company or Parent Company Kenmare Resources plc. DFS Definitive feasibility studies are the most detailed and will determine definitively whether to proceed with the project. A definitive feasibility study will be the basis for capital appropriation  and will provide the budget figures for the project. Detailed feasibility studies require a significant amount of formal engineering work and are accurate to within approximately 10-15%. EdM Electricidade de Moçambique. FOB Free on Board means that the seller delivers when the goods pass the ship’s rail at the named port of shipment. This means the buyer has to bear all costs and risks to the goods from that point. The seller must clear the goods for export. This term can only be used for sea transport. Gender diversity Percentage of females in the workforce at the Moma Mine. We recognise the benefits to our business of supporting diversity  equity  and inclusion for long-term sustainable success. Increased gender diversity has been an important metric at the Mine. GHG emissions Scope 1 & 2 Greenhouse Gas emissions. We acknowledge the human contribution to climate change and aim to reduce emissions from our already low carbon intensity operations. Group or Kenmare Kenmare Resources plc and its subsidiary undertakings. HMC Heavy mineral concentrate extracted from mineral sands deposits and which include ilmenite  zircon  rutile and other heavy minerals and silica. KMML Mozambique Branch Mozambique branch of Kenmare Moma Mining (Mauritius) Limited (KMML). KMPL Mozambique Branch Mozambique branch of Kenmare Moma Processing (Mauritius) Limited (KMPL). KRSP Kenmare Resources plc Restricted Share Plan Lenders Absa Bank Limited (acting through its Corporate and Investment Banking Division) (“Absa”)  The Emerging Africa Infrastructure Fund (part of the Private Infrastructure Development Group (“PIDG”)) (“EAIF”)  Nedbank Limited (acting through its Nedbank Corporate and Investment Banking division) (“Nedbank”)  Rand Merchant Bank and Standard Bank Group (“Standard Bank”). LTI Lost time injury. Measures the number of injuries at the mine that result in time lost from work. LTIFR Lost time injury frequency rate. Measures the number of injuries causing lost time per 200 000 man hours worked on site Marketing - finished products shipped Finished products shipped to customers during the period. Provides a measure of finished products shipped to customers Mining - HMC produced Heavy mineral concentrate extracted from mineral sands deposits and which includes ilmenite  zircon  rutile  concentrates and other heavy minerals and silica. Provides a measure of heavy mineral concentrate extracted from the Mine Moma  Moma Mine or the Mine The Moma Titanium Minerals Mine consisting of a heavy mineral sands mine  processing facilities and associated infrastructure  which is located in the north east coast of Mozambique under licence to the Project Companies. Mine Closure Guarantee Facility $40 million debt facility dated 11 December 2019 between the Lenders and KMML Mozambique Branch and KMPL Mozambique Branch. MSP Mineral Separation Plant. Mtpa Million tonnes per annum. NOSA National Occupational Safety Association OIA Oman Investment Authority formerly the State General Reserve Fund of the Sultanate of Oman. Odd lot offer The offer made by the Company to members in the UK and Ireland who held certificated holdings of less than 200 ordinary shares as described in the circular to shareholders dated 21 April 2022. Ordinary Shares Ordinary shares of €0.001 each in the capital of the Company. PFS A feasibility study is an evaluation of a proposed mining project to determine whether the mineral resource can be mined economically. Pre-feasibility study is used to determine whether to proceed with a detailed feasibility study and to determine areas within the project that require more attention. Pre-feasibility studies are done by factoring known unit costs and by estimating gross dimensions or quantities once conceptual or preliminary engineering and mine design has been completed. PM Atmospheric particulate matter - also known as particulate matter (PM) or particulates - are microscopic solid or liquid matter suspended in the Earth’s atmosphere. Processing - finished products produced Finished products produced by the mineral separation process. Provides a measure of finished products produced from the processing plants Project Companies Kenmare Moma Mining (Mauritius) Limited and Kenmare Moma Processing (Mauritius) Limited  wholly owned subsidiary undertakings of Kenmare Resources plc  which are incorporated in Mauritius. Revolving Credit Facility $40 million debt facility dated 11 December 2019 between the Lenders and KMML Mozambique Branch and KMPL Mozambique Branch. RUPS Rotary uninterruptible power supply TCFD Task Force on Climate Related Financial Disclosures Tender Offer The invitation by the Company to eligible shareholders to tender Ordinary Shares for purchase on-market by Peel Hunt LLP on the terms and subject to the conditions set out in the circular dated 16 November 2021. Term Loan Facility $110 million debt facility dated 11 December 2019 between the Lenders and KMML Mozambique Branch and KMPL Mozambique Branch. THM Total heavy minerals in the ore of which ilmenite (typically 82%)  rutile (typically 2.0%) and zircon (typically 5.5%) total approximately 90%. UK United Kingdom WCP Wet Concentrator Plant. WCP A The original WCP which started production in 2007. WCP B The second WCP which started production",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.43,0.06,0.5,True,English,"['2022 Preliminary Results', 'higher total cash operating costs', 'higher excavated ore volumes', 'Irish Dividend Withholding Tax', 'Moma Titanium Minerals Mine', 'higher co-product revenues', 'global titanium feedstocks', '2023 ilmenite production guidance range', 'higher product prices', 'Mineral product revenues', 'severe lightning strike', 'strong customer demand', 'stronger product pricing', 'Heavy Mineral Concentrate', 'Paul O’Kane', 'London Stock Exchange', 'steady production volumes', 'leading global producers', 'net cash position', 'Currency election date', 'record product prices', 'mineral sands products', 'finished product production', 'Kenmare Resources plc', 'Private investor webinar', 'higher prices', 'labour costs', 'cash equivalents', 'private investors', 'largest producers', 'Record date', 'Investor Relations', 'finished products', 'Ex-dividend date', 'AGM date', 'Payment date', '2022 PRELIMINARY RESULTS', 'Michael Carvill', 'Managing Director', 'financial performance', 'financial results', 'extended period', 'lower levels', '$110.3 million improvement', '2022 overview Financial', 'interim dividend', 'final dividend', 'average price', 'electricity consumption', 'diluted earnings', 'transshipment vessel', 'Bronagh J', 'Dividend timetable', 'institutional investors', 'Participant dial', 'pin code', 'separate webinar', 'Jeremy Dibb', 'Michael Starke', 'PR advisor', 'Euronext Dublin', 'investor briefing', 'record year', 'conference call', 'twelve months', 'four months', '09:00 UK time', '12:30 UK time', 'northern Mozambique', 'shareholder approval', 'exemption form', 'Murray Group', 'record tonnes', 'bottom end', '60% EBITDA margin', 'The Company', '2022 dividend', '12 months', '1,586,200 tonnes', '1,555,900 tonnes', '1,088,300 tonnes', '1,119,400 tonnes', '1,075,600 tonnes', '1,150,000 tonnes', 'March', 'ISE', 'KMR', 'zircon', '31 December', 'Statement', 'February', 'rutile', 'market', 'highs', 'Q3', 'Board', 'USc54', 'USc32', 'October', '18% increase', '42% increase', '13% increase', 'fuel', '16% increase', 'consequence', '2% decrease', '36% decrease', '39% increase', '60% increase', 'profit', '83% increase', 'Operational', 'Shipments', '16% decrease', 'maintenance', 'dates', 'April', '12:00 noon', 'IST', 'May', 'dividends', 'Analyst', 'lenders', 'media', 'numbers', 'Ireland', 'webcast', 'playback', 'Tuesday', 'advance', 'information', 'Tel', 'Mob', 'pokane', 'murraygroup', 'world', 'customers', '15 countries', '2021', '1,050,000']",2023-03-22,2023-03-23,globenewswire.com
21172,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.finanznachrichten.de/nachrichten-2023-03/58639499-nyxoah-announces-a-dollar-15-million-private-placement-financing-399.htm,Nyxoah Announces a $15 Million Private Placement Financing,"Mont-Saint-Guibert  Belgium - March 23  2023  9:05pm CET / 4:05pm ET - Nyxoah SA (Euronext Brussels/Nasdaq: NYXH) (""Nyxoah"" or the ""Company"")  a medical technology company focused on the development and commercialization of innovative solutions to treat ...","INSIDE INFORMATIONREGULATED INFORMATIONNyxoahAnnounces a $15 Million Private Placement FinancingMont-Saint-Guibert  Belgium - March 23  2023  9:05pm CET / 4:05pm ET - Nyxoah SA (Euronext Brussels/Nasdaq: NYXH) (""Nyxoah"" or the ""Company"")  a medical technology company focused on the development and commercialization of innovative solutions to treat Obstructive Sleep Apnea (OSA)  today announced a €13.35 million private placement financing from the sale of 2 047 544 new ordinary shares at a price per share of €6.52 (approximately U.S. $7.10 at current exchange rates)  the closing price on Euronext Brussels on March 23  2023. Gross proceeds total €13.35 million (approximately U.S. $15 million at current exchange rates) and will be used for general corporate purposes. The closing is expected to occur on or about March 30  2023  subject to customary closing conditions.The private placement financing includes historical Nyxoah shareholders  notably ResMed and Robert Taub  Nyxoah's Founder and Chairman.The ordinary shares are being sold in a private placement and have not been registered under the Securities Act of 1933  as amended  and may not be offered or sold in the United States absent registration or an applicable exemption from registration requirements.This press release does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy the securities  nor shall there be any sale of the securities in any state in which such offer  solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to the registration or qualification under the securities laws of such state.About NyxoahNyxoah is a medical technology company focused on the development and commercialization of innovative solutions to treat Obstructive Sleep Apnea (OSA). Nyxoah's lead solution is the Genio® system  a patient-centered  leadless and battery-free hypoglossal neurostimulation therapy for OSA  the world's most common sleep disordered breathing condition that is associated with increased mortality risk and cardiovascular comorbidities. Nyxoah is driven by the vision that OSA patients should enjoy restful nights and feel enabled to live their life to its fullest.Following the successful completion of the BLAST OSA study  the Genio® system received its European CE Mark in 2019. Following the positive outcomes of the BETTER SLEEP study  Nyxoah received CE mark approval for the expansion of its therapeutic indications to Complete Concentric Collapse (CCC) patients  currently contraindicated in competitors' therapy. Additionally  the Company is currently conducting the DREAM IDE pivotal study for FDA and U.S. commercialization approval.For more information  please visit http://www.nyxoah.com/.Caution - CE marked since 2019. Investigational device in the United States. Limited by U.S. federal law to investigational use in the United States.ADDITIONAL INFORMATIONThe following information is provided pursuant to Article 7:97 of the Belgian Companies and Associations Code. The new shares were offered pursuant to a private placement. The investors that purchase the shares include  among others  (either directly or through entities controlled by them) Robert Taub  who is the chairman of the board of directors  and Jürgen Hambrecht  who is an independent director. Together  those two investors purchase new shares for EUR 5.6 million in gross proceeds at an issue price equal to the closing price on Euronext Brussels on March 23  2023.As Robert Taub and Jürgen Hambrecht qualify as related parties of the Company  the board of directors applied the related parties procedure of article 7:97 of the Belgian Companies and Associations Code in connection with the participation of the aforementioned directors to the private placement. Within the context of the aforementioned procedure  prior to resolving on the private placement  a committee of three independent directors of the Company (the ""Committee"") issued an advice to the board of directors in which the Committee assessed the participation of the two aforementioned investors in the private placement. In its advice to the board of directors  the Committee concluded the following: ""Based on the information provided  the Committee considers that the proposed Transaction is in line with the strategy pursued by the Company  will be done on market terms  and is unlikely to lead to disadvantages for the Company and its shareholders (in terms of dilution) that are not sufficiently compensated by the advantages that the Transaction offers the Company"".The Company's board of directors approved the principle of the private placement and did not deviate from the Committee's advice. The Company's statutory auditor's assessment of the Committee's advice and the minutes of the meeting of the Company's board of directors  is as follows: ""Based on our limited review  performed in accordance with ISRE 2410 ""Review of interim financial information performed by the independent auditor of the entity"" and the applicable standards of the ""Institut des Réviseursd'Entreprises/Instituut der Bedrijfsrevisoren""  nothing has come to our attention that causes us to believe that the financial and accounting data contained in the minutes of the board of directors' meeting of March 23  2023 and in the report of the committee of independent directors in accordance with article 7: 97 of the Companies and Associations Code would contain material inconsistencies with the information available to us in the course of our engagement. However  we do not express an opinion on the value of the transaction or on the appropriateness of the decision of the board of directors"".IMPORTANT INFORMATIONTHIS ANNOUNCEMENT IS NOT FOR DISTRIBUTION  DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY  IN ANY JURISDICTION WHERE TO DO SO WOULD BE PROHIBITED BY APPLICABLE LAW. THIS ANNOUNCEMENT IS FOR GENERAL INFORMATION ONLY AND DOES NOT FORM PART OF ANY OFFER TO SELL OR PURCHASE  OR THE SOLICITATION OF ANY OFFER TO SELL OR PURCHASE  ANY SECURITIES. THE DISTRIBUTION OF THIS ANNOUNCEMENT AND THE OFFER  SUBSCRIPTION  SALE AND PURCHASE OF SECURITIES DESCRIBED IN THIS ANNOUNCEMENT IN CERTAIN JURISDICTIONS MAY BE RESTRICTED BY LAW. ANY PERSONS READING THIS ANNOUNCEMENT SHOULD INFORM THEMSELVES OF AND OBSERVE ANY SUCH RESTRICTIONS.FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTSThis press release contains forward-looking statements  which are made pursuant to the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. All statements that are not statements of historical facts are  or may be deemed to be  forward-looking statements. Such forward-looking statements may be identified by words such as ""expects "" ""potential "" ""could "" or similar expressions that are intended to identify forward-looking statements  although not all forward-looking statements contain these identifying words. Forward-looking statements include express or implied statements relating to  among other things  Nyxoah's current expectations regarding the Genio® system; planned and ongoing clinical studies of the Genio® system; the potential advantages of the Genio® system; Nyxoah's goals with respect to the development  regulatory pathway and potential use of the Genio® system; the utility of clinical data in potentially obtaining FDA approval of the Genio® system; the Company's results of operations  financial condition  liquidity  performance  prospects  growth and strategies; and statements relating to the private placement  including the expected closing  the anticipated proceeds from the private placement and the use thereof. These statements are neither promises nor guarantees and are subject to a variety of risks and uncertainties  many of which are beyond Nyxoah's control  which could cause actual results to differ materially from those contemplated in these forward-looking statements. In particular  these risks and uncertainties include  without limitation  risks relating to market conditions and the Company's inability  or the inability of the investors  to satisfy the conditions for the closing in the private placement. Given these uncertainties  the reader is advised not to place any undue reliance on such forward-looking statements. Other risks and uncertainties faced by Nyxoah include those identified under the heading ""Risk Factors"" in Nyxoah's most recent Annual Report on Form 20-F filed with the SEC  as well as subsequent filings and reports filed with the SEC. The forward-looking statements contained in this press release reflect Nyxoah's views as of the date hereof  and Nyxoah does not assume and specifically disclaims any obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements  whether as a result of new information  future events or otherwise  except as may be required by law.Contacts:NyxoahDavid DeMartino  Chief Strategy Officerdavid.demartino@nyxoah.com+1 310 310 1313Attachment",neutral,0.01,0.98,0.0,mixed,0.2,0.14,0.66,True,English,"['$15 Million Private Placement Financing', 'Nyxoah', 'common sleep disordered breathing condition', 'Institut des Réviseursd', 'DREAM IDE pivotal study', 'battery-free hypoglossal neurostimulation therapy', 'U.S. federal law', '$15 Million Private Placement Financing', '€13.35 million private placement financing', 'U.S. commercialization approval', 'BETTER SLEEP study', 'Obstructive Sleep Apnea', 'CE mark approval', 'current exchange rates', 'general corporate purposes', 'increased mortality risk', 'European CE Mark', 'Jürgen Hambrecht', 'Entreprises/Instituut der Bedrijfsrevisoren', 'customary closing conditions', 'BLAST OSA study', 'interim financial information', 'medical technology company', 'related parties procedure', '2,047,544 new ordinary shares', 'three independent directors', 'historical Nyxoah shareholders', ""competitors' therapy"", 'new shares', 'independent auditor', 'Euronext Brussels/Nasdaq', 'innovative solutions', 'Gross proceeds', 'Robert Taub', 'United States', 'applicable exemption', 'press release', 'lead solution', 'Genio® system', 'patient-centered, leadless', 'cardiovascular comorbidities', 'restful nights', 'successful completion', 'positive outcomes', 'therapeutic indications', 'Concentric Collapse', 'CCC) patients', 'Investigational device', 'investigational use', 'Belgian Companies', 'Associations Code', 'two aforementioned', 'statutory auditor', 'applicable standards', 'INSIDE INFORMATION', 'REGULATED INFORMATION', 'ADDITIONAL INFORMATION', 'following information', 'closing price', 'issue price', 'OSA patients', 'Securities Act', 'securities laws', 'market terms', 'The Company', 'limited review', 'registration requirements', 'two investors', 'Nyxoah SA', 'NyxoahAnnounces', 'Mont-Saint-Guibert', 'Belgium', 'March', '9:05pm', '4:05pm', 'NYXH', 'development', 'sale', 'ResMed', 'Founder', 'Chairman', 'offer', 'solicitation', 'qualification', 'world', 'vision', 'life', 'expansion', 'Complete', 'FDA', 'Caution', 'Article', 'others', 'entities', 'board', 'connection', 'participation', 'context', 'committee', 'advice', 'Transaction', 'line', 'strategy', 'disadvantages', 'dilution', 'principle', 'assessment', 'minutes', 'meeting', 'accordance', 'entity']",2023-03-05,2023-03-23,finanznachrichten.de
21173,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.actusnews.com/fr/ediliziacrobatica/cp/2023/03/23/ediliziacrobatica-the-shareholders_-meeting-resolved-to-distribute-eur-6-588-548-as-a-further-dividend-on-2021-profits-equal-to,EDILIZIACROBATICA: THE SHAREHOLDERS' MEETING RESOLVED TO DISTRIBUTE EUR 6 588 548 AS A FURTHER DIVIDEND ON 2021 PROFITS  EQUAL TO EUR 0.80 PER SHARE,EDILIZIACROBATICA: THE SHAREHOLDERS' MEETING RESOLVED TO DISTRIBUTE EUR 6 588 548 AS A FURTHER DIVIDEND ON 2021 PROFITS  EQUAL TO EUR 0.80 PER SHARE,"23/03/2023 - 15:55Genoa  21 March 2023 – EdiliziAcrobatica S.p.A. (the ""Company"")  a company specialised in double safety rope construction works listed on Euronext Growth Milan (ticker symbol EDAC) and Euronext Growth Paris (ticker symbol ALEAC)  announces that the Company's shareholders' meeting  which met today in ordinary session  resolved to pay its shareholders an extraordinary cash dividend of up to €6.588.548  equal to €0.80 for each ordinary share representing the share capital  gross of withholding taxes and to be paid from the ""2021"" retained earnings reserve.Recall that the total amount of the dividend is to be understood as ordinary from a stock exchange point of view  as it applies to the result of the financial statements as at 31 December 2021.The dividend ex-date will be 3 April 2023  the record date on 4 April 2023 and the payment date on 5 April 2023.“When I decided to list EdiliziAcrobatica on the stock exchange  I did so with three precise objectives”  commented Riccardo Iovino  CEO & Founder of EdiliziAcrobatica S.p.A. “I wanted the company to create value in the market for the service it offers  and as it grows to be able to offer more and more jobs and distribute as many dividends as possible to those who believe in our project. I am proud to announce that  having completed more than 16 000 jobs during the year resulting in tens of thousands of enthusiastic final customers  and having been able to hire more than 450 new people  we have decided to further reward our Shareholders  and that's why the Board of Directors considered it appropriate to submit a proposal to the Shareholders to pay another dividend based on the 2021 profit reserve  also in order to consolidate the relationship of trust with them  considering the existence of a reasonable amount of reserves and taking into account the positive consolidated revenues as at 31 December 2022. This extraordinary dividend is additional to any distribution of the net profits for the year that will be resolved by the shareholders' meeting when the Company's financial statements as at 31 December 2022 are approved"".***EdiliziAcrobatica S.p.A. is the leading company in the exterior renovation sector. Founded in Genoa in 1994 by Riccardo Iovino  the company now has over 2100 employees and more than 120 operating areas in Italy  France  Spain  the Principality of Monaco and the United Arab Emirates. The double safety rope technique it employs allows working without scaffolding or aerial platforms  thus offering end customers a quality service and the elimination of scaffolding costs. Listed on the Euronext Growth Milan market since November 2018 and on the Euronext Growth Paris market since February 2019  EdiliziAcrobatica has integrated the principles of sustainability into its Business Model  guaranteeing a naturally sustainable service and a responsible approach that pursues the well-being and satisfaction of its internal and external stakeholders  and in 2022 it earned an ESG Rating that places it among the lowest-risk companies in its cluster of reference.For info: www.ediliziacrobatica.com",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.6,0.37,0.03,True,English,"[""THE SHAREHOLDERS' MEETING"", 'FURTHER DIVIDEND', 'EDILIZIACROBATICA', '2021 PROFITS', 'double safety rope construction works', 'double safety rope technique', 'EdiliziAcrobatica S.p.A.', 'Euronext Growth Milan market', 'Euronext Growth Paris market', 'three precise objectives', 'positive consolidated revenues', 'exterior renovation sector', 'United Arab Emirates', 'enthusiastic final customers', 'extraordinary cash dividend', 'stock exchange point', 'extraordinary dividend', 'end customers', 'ticker symbol', 'ordinary session', 'ordinary share', 'share capital', 'withholding taxes', 'earnings reserve', 'total amount', 'financial statements', 'record date', 'payment date', 'Riccardo Iovino', 'many dividends', '450 new people', '2021 profit reserve', 'reasonable amount', 'net profits', '120 operating areas', 'aerial platforms', 'Business Model', 'responsible approach', 'external stakeholders', 'ESG Rating', 'lowest-risk companies', 'quality service', 'sustainable service', 'scaffolding costs', ""shareholders' meeting"", 'leading company', 'Genoa', 'EDAC', 'ALEAC', 'view', 'result', '31 December', 'ex-date', 'April', 'CEO', 'Founder', 'value', 'jobs', 'project', 'year', 'tens', 'thousands', 'Board', 'Directors', 'proposal', 'order', 'relationship', 'trust', 'existence', 'reserves', 'account', 'distribution', '2100 employees', 'Italy', 'France', 'Spain', 'Principality', 'Monaco', 'elimination', 'November', 'February', 'principles', 'sustainability', 'well-being', 'satisfaction', 'internal', 'cluster', 'reference', 'info']",2023-03-23,2023-03-23,actusnews.com
21174,EuroNext,Bing API,https://seekingalpha.com/article/4589491-signify-offers-5-percent-dividend-yield-covered-by-a-14-percent-fcf-yield,Signify: Offers 5% Dividend Yield Covered By A 14% FCF Yield (PHPPY),Signify  a spin-off from Philips  is a specialist in lighting solutions. Read why underlying free cash flow result of PHPPY stock is still impressive.,Fotofantastika/iStock via Getty ImagesIntroductionIt's been almost six months since I turned bullish on Signify (OTCPK:PHPPY) (OTCPK:SFFYF) in the fourth quarter of last year  and the share price hasn't disappointed. While the share price was trading at just 26.22 EUR when I wrote the previous article  the current share price is 29.3 EUR while the stock reached a high of approximately 35 EUR earlier this year. Needless to say  I am happy with the share price performance  but I wanted to have a closer look at the company's full-year performance and guidance for 2023.Yahoo FinanceThe company's main listing on Euronext Amsterdam is much more liquid  with approximately 50 000 shares being traded on a daily basis. The current market capitalization is about 3.7B EUR  based on a total amount of just under 125M shares outstanding. Signify used to have a pretty aggressive share buyback plan  but a 1B+ EUR acquisition a few years ago meant a shift in priorities to debt reduction and balance sheet strength. That's fine with me and likely the best choice given the recent evolution of interest rates.I turned bullish in October last year and the performance lived up to my expectationsThe main reason why I liked Signify is its very strong free cash flow generation. And Signify didn't disappoint in 2022. The total revenue came in at 7.5B EUR which is a 9.5% increase compared to the preceding year while the comparable sales growth was approximately 1.2%. As the inflation rates had an impact on the entire world economy  Signify didn't escape the impact of a higher inflation rate either as its EBITDA margin (Signify reports an EBITA result and no EBITDA result) fell from 11.6% in 2021 to 10.1% in FY 2022.That's not ideal but considering the hand Signify was dealt with  I am pleased with how the company tackled the issues with a continuing strong focus on the connected lighting business which benefits from the push toward energy efficiency.Signify Investor RelationsAs you can see in the image above  the company was still able to increase its gross margin while its operating income increased by approximately 40%. But it's easy to see the increase in the income from operations was fueled by the 208M EUR increase in the 'other business income' which pushed the operating income to 718M EUR. As I explained in my previous article  that was related to the gain on the sale of real estate assets  a non-recurring item bringing in almost 200M EUR. A nice gain  for sure  but non-recurring.The reported net income was 532M EUR of which 523M EUR was attributable to the shareholders of Signify while the remaining 9M EUR was attributable to the non-controlling interests. The reported EPS was 4.18 EUR per share  based on an average share count of 125M shares. But the normalized net income would obviously have been approximately 30% lower.My original investment thesis in 2020 and the follow-up article in 2022 were focusing on the ability of the company to generate a positive free cash flow. And in Signify's case  it still makes sense to focus on the cash flow statement  as it also isolates the impact of the non-recurring gain on the sale of real estate.As you can see below  the company reported an operating cash flow of 376M EUR  but this includes a 248M EUR investment in the working capital position. Adjusting the reported result for this element  the underlying operating cash flow was 624M EUR. That's still lower than the 706M EUR in adjusted operating cash flow reported in 2021 but keep in mind Signify is still working towards restoring its margins.Signify Investor RelationsFrom the 624M EUR in operating cash flow  we still need to deduct the 132M EUR in capital expenditures (an increase compared to the 118M EUR in capex incurred in 2021) which results in a net underlying free cash flow of 492M EUR (compared to almost 600M EUR in 2021). Divided over almost 125M shares  the underlying free cash flow per share (excluding the non-recurring contribution from the sale of real estate) was approximately 4 EUR per share. The main reason for this difference is the substantial difference between the depreciation expenses of 318M EUR and the total capital expenditures  which are less than half that.You also notice Signify only paid 99M EUR in taxes although 145M EUR was owed  but that includes the taxes owed on the sale of the real estate assets.Signify has also already provided a guidance for 2023. Unfortunately  no revenue guidance was given but the average consensus for the FY 2023 revenue is 7.25B EUR. Signify did provide an EBITA guidance and an FCF guidance: it plans to increase its EBITA margin to 10.5-11.5% while the free cash flow result should be 6-8% of its total revenue.That still complicates the calculations  as there's for instance no way of knowing how the working capital elements will have an impact on the free cash flow generation. But based on a consensus estimate of 7.25B EUR for the revenue  the free cash flow result will come in anywhere between 450M EUR and 600M EUR. Looking at the consensus estimate  the average free cash flow result is estimated at 612M EUR for 2023 followed by 666M EUR for 2024. The lowest estimates for both years are 448M EUR and 367M EUR respectively  but that is completely depending on what those analysts are expecting in terms of working capital needs as those estimates range from 448-688M EUR in FY 2023 and 367-657M EUR in 2024.Investment thesisI think it is safe to assume Signify's 2023 free cash flow result will likely come in around 500M EUR  again adjusted for working capital changes. This makes the stock still very appealing as even after the share price increase since my October article was published  the implied FCF yield is still approximately 14% while the 1.50 EUR dividend represents a dividend yield of in excess of 5% (subject to the standard 15% Dutch dividend withholding tax) while the company retains a large chunk of cash to reduce its net debt.Signify Investor RelationsThe net debt stood at 1.36B EUR as of the end of last year  resulting in an enterprise value of 5.05B EUR. That's just over 6 times EBITDA (this time including the depreciation expenses) which is reasonable. Don't expect massive revenue or earnings growth from Signify  but the dividend should be reliable while the company works on reducing its net debt.Editor's Note: This article discusses one or more securities that do not trade on a major U.S. exchange. Please be aware of the risks associated with these stocks.,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.6,0.03,0.37,True,English,"['5% Dividend Yield', '14% FCF Yield', 'Signify', 'PHPPY', 'strong free cash flow generation', 'net underlying free cash flow', 'positive free cash flow', 'underlying operating cash flow', 'free cash flow result', 'aggressive share buyback plan', 'cash flow statement', 'continuing strong focus', 'current market capitalization', 'balance sheet strength', 'comparable sales growth', 'entire world economy', 'connected lighting business', 'original investment thesis', 'working capital position', 'working capital elements', 'higher inflation rate', '1B+ EUR acquisition', 'remaining 9M EUR', '248M EUR investment', 'other business income', 'real estate assets', 'current share price', 'average share count', 'total capital expenditures', '208M EUR increase', 'share price performance', 'net income', 'operating income', 'EBITA result', 'EBITDA result', 'inflation rates', '523M EUR', '706M EUR', '624M EUR', '132M EUR', '118M EUR', '145M EUR', 'average consensus', 'average fr', 'total amount', 'total revenue', 'Getty Images', 'six months', 'OTCPK:PHPPY', 'fourth quarter', 'last year', 'previous article', 'closer look', 'full-year performance', 'Yahoo Finance', 'main listing', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'daily basis', 'debt reduction', 'best choice', 'recent evolution', 'interest rates', 'main reason', 'preceding year', 'EBITDA margin', 'energy efficiency', 'Investor Relations', 'gross margin', 'recurring item', 'non-controlling interests', 'follow-up article', 'non-recurring contribution', 'depreciation expenses', 'EBITA margin', 'consensus estimate', '125M shares', 'nice gain', 'non-recurring gain', 'EBITA guidance', 'FCF guidance', 'substantial difference', 'revenue guidance', 'FY 2023 revenue', '50,000 shares', '9.5% increase', 'Fotofantastika', 'Introduction', 'Signify', 'SFFYF', 'stock', 'company', 'shift', 'priorities', 'October', 'expectations', '7.5B', 'impact', 'hand', 'issues', 'push', 'operations', '718M', '200M', '532M', 'shareholders', 'EPS', 'ability', 'case', 'sense', '376M', 'mind', 'margins', 'capex', '492M', '600M', 'half', '99M', 'taxes', 'calculations', 'instance', 'way', '450M', '22']",2023-03-23,2023-03-23,seekingalpha.com
21175,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,ERYTECH PHARMA And RALLYE On The List Of Winners And Losers Of Thursday's Euronext Sessionhttps://t.co/1KoYiSBrV6… https://t.co/3kfcpPlqVP,nan,ERYTECH PHARMA And RALLYE On The List Of Winners And Losers Of Thursday's Euronext Sessionhttps://t.co/1KoYiSBrV6… https://t.co/3kfcpPlqVP,neutral,0.1,0.89,0.02,neutral,0.1,0.89,0.02,True,English,"['ERYTECH PHARMA', 'Euronext Session', 'RALLYE', 'List', 'Winners', 'Losers', 'Thursday', 'KoYiSBrV6', 'kfcpPlqVP', 'ERYTECH PHARMA', 'Euronext Session', 'RALLYE', 'List', 'Winners', 'Losers', 'Thursday', 'KoYiSBrV6', 'kfcpPlqVP']",2023-03-23,2023-03-23,Unknown
21176,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,@larc_es @MutterVentures @euronext Felicidades man!! Let’s goo! 🙌🏻🥳,nan,@larc_es @MutterVentures @euronext Felicidades man!! Let’s goo! 🙌🏻🥳,positive,0.67,0.33,0.0,positive,0.67,0.33,0.0,True,English,"['Felicidades man', 'larc_es', 'MutterVentures', 'Felicidades man', 'larc_es', 'MutterVentures']",2023-03-23,2023-03-23,Unknown
21177,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,Follow Via News Agency for 24/7 coverage of the NYSE  NASDAQ  and EURONEXT stock markets. Our real-time financial d… https://t.co/vrfrMtt0il,nan,Follow Via News Agency for 24/7 coverage of the NYSE  NASDAQ  and EURONEXT stock markets. Our real-time financial d… https://t.co/vrfrMtt0il,neutral,0.03,0.96,0.01,neutral,0.03,0.96,0.01,True,English,"['Via News Agency', 'EURONEXT stock markets', 'real-time financial d', '24/7 coverage', 'NYSE', 'NASDAQ', 'vrfrMtt0il', 'Via News Agency', 'EURONEXT stock markets', 'real-time financial d', '24/7 coverage', 'NYSE', 'NASDAQ', 'vrfrMtt0il']",2023-03-23,2023-03-23,Unknown
21178,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,@IPOX_Schuster @euronext_fr Definitely IPO we will be looking closely into,nan,@IPOX_Schuster @euronext_fr Definitely IPO we will be looking closely into,neutral,0.07,0.93,0.0,neutral,0.07,0.93,0.0,True,English,"['IPOX_Schuster', 'IPOX_Schuster']",2023-03-23,2023-03-23,Unknown
21179,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,Forecast 23 March #CAC40 range R=7149 (Previous Cls7131) S=7119 #business ideal Cls7125 #Fintech #FT #euronext_fr… https://t.co/nqWyUhxPFF,nan,Forecast 23 March #CAC40 range R=7149 (Previous Cls7131) S=7119 #business ideal Cls7125 #Fintech #FT #euronext_fr… https://t.co/nqWyUhxPFF,neutral,0.08,0.91,0.01,neutral,0.08,0.91,0.01,True,English,"['CAC40 range', 'Previous Cls7131', 'Forecast', 'March', 'business', 'Cls7125', 'Fintech', 'FT', 'euronext', 'CAC40 range', 'Previous Cls7131', 'Forecast', 'March', 'business', 'Cls7125', 'Fintech', 'FT', 'euronext']",2023-03-23,2023-03-23,Unknown
21180,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,Renault seeks €10B valuation for Ampere EV unit IPO on Euronext Paris  with Nissan  Mitsubishi  and Qualcomm eyeing… https://t.co/Qa9882GWZV,nan,Renault seeks €10B valuation for Ampere EV unit IPO on Euronext Paris  with Nissan  Mitsubishi  and Qualcomm eyeing… https://t.co/Qa9882GWZV,neutral,0.07,0.92,0.02,neutral,0.07,0.92,0.02,True,English,"['Ampere EV unit IPO', '€10B valuation', 'Euronext Paris', 'Renault', 'Nissan', 'Mitsubishi', 'Qualcomm', 'Qa9882GWZV', 'Ampere EV unit IPO', '€10B valuation', 'Euronext Paris', 'Renault', 'Nissan', 'Mitsubishi', 'Qualcomm', 'Qa9882GWZV']",2023-03-23,2023-03-23,Unknown
21181,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,@SamuelJJack2 Remember last year when all the FBPE goons were Tweeting about how much bigger Amsterdam Euronext is… https://t.co/8DIrhEFHdD,nan,@SamuelJJack2 Remember last year when all the FBPE goons were Tweeting about how much bigger Amsterdam Euronext is… https://t.co/8DIrhEFHdD,neutral,0.11,0.88,0.01,neutral,0.11,0.88,0.01,True,English,"['FBPE goons', 'Amsterdam Euronext', 'SamuelJJack2', 'bigger', 'FBPE goons', 'Amsterdam Euronext', 'SamuelJJack2', 'bigger']",2023-03-23,2023-03-23,Unknown
21182,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,@euronext The website encountered an unexpected error. Please try again later.Error: Call to a member function get… https://t.co/RkkHX3pNIL,nan,@euronext The website encountered an unexpected error. Please try again later.Error: Call to a member function get… https://t.co/RkkHX3pNIL,negative,0.0,0.01,0.99,negative,0.0,0.01,0.99,True,English,"['member function', 'unexpected error', 'website', 'RkkHX3pNIL', 'member function', 'unexpected error', 'website', 'RkkHX3pNIL']",2023-03-23,2023-03-23,Unknown
21183,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,#Cac40 CAC 40 7 136 54 | Euronext Live cours de bourse https://t.co/Iqh8wn1DOj https://t.co/T9Lo8zeTcc,nan,#Cac40 CAC 40 7 136 54 | Euronext Live cours de bourse https://t.co/Iqh8wn1DOj https://t.co/T9Lo8zeTcc,neutral,0.07,0.92,0.0,neutral,0.07,0.92,0.0,True,English,"['Euronext Live cours', 'Cac40', 'bourse', 'T9Lo8zeTcc', 'Euronext Live cours', 'Cac40', 'bourse', 'T9Lo8zeTcc']",2023-03-23,2023-03-23,Unknown
21184,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,@Josurealista @tradingdedaubes A paris sur Euronext,nan,@Josurealista @tradingdedaubes A paris sur Euronext,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,True,English,"['Josurealista', 'paris', 'Euronext', 'Josurealista', 'paris', 'Euronext']",2023-03-23,2023-03-23,Unknown
21185,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,L&amp;TSigns Agreement With McPhy for Electrolyzer ManufaturingMcPhy is a France based &amp; Euronext Listed leading el… https://t.co/3BMvQxEM2v,nan,L&amp;TSigns Agreement With McPhy for Electrolyzer ManufaturingMcPhy is a France based &amp; Euronext Listed leading el… https://t.co/3BMvQxEM2v,neutral,0.06,0.94,0.0,neutral,0.06,0.94,0.0,True,English,"['L&amp;T', 'Electrolyzer Manufaturing', 'France based', 'Agreement', 'McPhy', 'Euronext', 'BMvQxEM2v', 'L&amp;T', 'Electrolyzer Manufaturing', 'France based', 'Agreement', 'McPhy', 'Euronext', 'BMvQxEM2v']",2023-03-23,2023-03-23,Unknown
