UID,Searchword,API,URL,Title,Summary,Article,Title_Sentiment,Title_Positive,Title_Neutral,Title_Negative,Article_Sentiment,Article_Positive,Article_Neutral,Article_Negative,Verified,Language,Topics,Date,Load_Date,Source
57308,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/coinbase-selects-chainlink-to-bring-new-tokenized-stocks-to-millions-of-defi-users-302858414.html,Coinbase Selects Chainlink To Bring New Tokenized Stocks to Millions of DeFi Users,Chainlink is delivering continuous pricing for Coinbase Tokenized Stocks as its official oracle infrastructure  enabling millions of Base users to lend  borrow  and trade the largest publicly traded U.S. equities onchain. SAN FRANCISCO  August 24  2026 /PRNew…,"Chainlink is delivering continuous pricing for Coinbase Tokenized Stocks as its official oracle infrastructure  enabling millions of Base users to lend  borrow  and trade the largest publicly traded U.S. equities onchain.SAN FRANCISCO  August 24  2026 /PRNewswire/ -- Coinbase  the largest publicly traded digital asset exchange in the United States  has selected Chainlink as its official oracle infrastructure powering its newly launched Tokenized Stocks  unlocking utility and distribution across the Base DeFi ecosystem.Through Chainlink Data Feeds  builders across the Base ecosystem have access to continuous pricing for Coinbase’s tokenized stocks  including NVDAc  METAc  AAPLc  GOOGLc  and more.Through Chainlink Data Feeds  builders across the Base ecosystem have access to continuous pricing for Coinbase's tokenized stocks  including NVDAc  METAc  AAPLc  GOOGLc  and more. This data enables leading DeFi protocols  including lending markets  decentralized exchanges  and structured product platforms  to support tokenized equities as collateral  transforming tokenized equities from standalone tokens into fully composable building blocks.Coinbase Tokenized Stocks are real equity securities issued as standard B20 tokens on Base. Each token is backed 1:1 by an underlying share held in regulated custody with Alpaca under the Abu Dhabi Global Market (ADGM) framework. With Coinbase as the issuer  Chainlink delivers the essential market data infrastructure required to unlock onchain utility and distribution across the Base ecosystem.Tokenized equities represent one of the fastest-growing categories of real-world assets  reaching a record $2.3 billion by mid-July 2026. However  without institutional-grade market data  the utility of tokenized equities are limited to simple transfers and swaps. By selecting Chainlink as its official oracle solution  Coinbase is unlocking advanced 24/7 collateral management use cases  enabling millions of Base users to earn yield and borrow against U.S. stocks.""Base has built one of the most vibrant DeFi ecosystems out there  and Chainlink's oracle infra unlocks new utility for tokenized assets. With institutional-grade market data now live onchain  we're giving millions of users access to financial primitives that  until now  were locked behind traditional gatekeepers. This is the kind of move that positions Base as the go-to chain for real-world assets."" — Antonio Garcia-Martinez  Head of Growth  Base.""Tokenized assets only reach their full potential when the broader ecosystem can build with them across DeFi. We're excited to see Coinbase select Chainlink as its official oracle infrastructure for Coinbase Tokenized Stocks. With Chainlink  Coinbase leverages the secure  reliable pricing data required to unlock the utility and distribution of tokenized stocks across DeFi  while accelerating the convergence of TradFi and DeFi."" — Johann Eid  Chief Business Officer  Chainlink LabsThis development marks a major milestone in the convergence of traditional capital markets and onchain finance. As one of the world's most trusted digital asset platforms bringing equities onchain at scale  Coinbase is accelerating mainstream access to the onchain economy  with Chainlink providing the critical infrastructure required to unlock utility and distribution for tokenized stocks across DeFi.Coinbase Tokenized Stocks are only available in eligible jurisdictions outside of the U.S.About CoinbaseCoinbase (NASDAQ: COIN) is on a mission to increase economic freedom in the world. The most trusted crypto platform  Coinbase stores more digital assets than any other company and is building the everything exchange — one place to access crypto  equities  derivatives  prediction markets  and more. Coinbase serves consumers through its suite of financial apps  institutions through Coinbase Prime  and developers through the Coinbase Developer Platform. Every experience runs on Coinbase's full-stack platform powering the future of finance: secure custody  deep exchange liquidity  stablecoin infrastructure  and global settlement rails — all built on a decade-plus foundation of security and compliance.About ChainlinkChainlink is the industry-standard oracle platform bringing the capital markets onchain and the market leader powering the majority of DeFi. The Chainlink stack provides the essential data  interoperability  compliance  and privacy standards needed to power advanced blockchain use cases for institutional tokenized assets  lending  payments  stablecoins  and more. Since inventing decentralized oracle networks  Chainlink has enabled tens of trillions in transaction value and now secures the vast majority of DeFi.Many of the world's largest financial services institutions have also adopted Chainlink's standards and infrastructure  including Swift  Euroclear  Mastercard  Fidelity International  UBS  S&P Dow Jones Indices  FTSE Russell  WisdomTree  ANZ  and top protocols such as Aave  Polymarket  Lido  Lighter  and many others. Chainlink leverages a novel fee model where offchain and onchain revenue from enterprise adoption is converted to LINK tokens and stored in a strategic Chainlink Reserve. Learn more at chain.link.About BaseBase is a blockchain built by Coinbase to power the global onchain economy. Designed for trading  payments  and agents  Base delivers sub-second settlement and sub-cent transaction costs at scale. It is the #1 onchain venue for BTC and ETH spot trading  the leading chain for stablecoin volume  and the dominant rail for agentic payments via the x402 standard. EVM-compatible and trusted by leading institutions  Base is used by millions of people worldwide.SOURCE Chainlink",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.94,0.06,0.0,True,English,"['New Tokenized Stocks', 'DeFi Users', 'Coinbase', 'Chainlink', 'Millions', 'advanced 24/7 collateral management use cases', 'S&P Dow Jones Indices', 'advanced blockchain use cases', 'Abu Dhabi Global Market', 'traded digital asset exchange', 'largest financial services institutions', 'secure, reliable pricing data', 'essential market data infrastructure', 'global settlement rails', 'institutional-grade market data', 'composable building blocks', 'real equity securities', 'Chief Business Officer', 'digital asset platforms', 'deep exchange liquidity', 'novel fee model', 'official oracle solution', 'standard B20 tokens', 'industry-standard oracle platform', 'U.S. stocks', 'official oracle infrastructure', 'decentralized oracle networks', 'U.S. equities', 'trusted crypto platform', 'vibrant DeFi ecosystems', 'institutional tokenized assets', 'The Chainlink stack', 'Coinbase Developer Platform', 'Chainlink Data Feeds', 'traditional capital markets', 'leading DeFi protocols', 'Coinbase Tokenized Stocks', 'essential data', 'Base DeFi ecosystem', 'market leader', 'digital assets', 'everything exchange', 'full-stack platform', 'financial primitives', 'financial apps', 'critical infrastructure', 'stablecoin infrastructure', 'continuous pricing', 'decentralized exchanges', 'product platforms', 'standalone tokens', 'traditional gatekeepers', 'secure custody', 'top protocols', 'prediction markets', 'broader ecosystem', 'tokenized equities', 'real-world assets', 'SAN FRANCISCO', 'United States', 'underlying share', 'ADGM) framework', 'growing categories', 'simple transfers', 'Antonio Garcia-Martinez', 'full potential', 'Johann Eid', 'major milestone', 'eligible jurisdictions', 'economic freedom', 'other company', 'one place', 'decade-plus foundation', 'transaction value', 'Fidelity International', 'FTSE Russell', 'many others', 'Base ecosystem', 'lending markets', 'Coinbase Prime', 'onchain economy', 'privacy standards', 'vast majority', 'onchain revenue', 'Chainlink Labs', 'Base users', 'new utility', 'mainstream access', 'onchain finance', 'onchain utility', 'DeFi.', 'millions', 'PRNewswire', 'distribution', 'builders', 'NVDAc', 'METAc', 'AAPLc', 'GOOGLc', 'Alpaca', 'issuer', 'record', 'mid-July', 'swaps', 'yield', 'kind', 'move', 'Head', 'Growth', 'convergence', 'TradFi', 'development', 'scale', 'NASDAQ', 'mission', 'derivatives', 'consumers', 'suite', 'developers', 'experience', 'future', 'security', 'compliance', 'interoperability', 'payments', 'stablecoins', 'tens', 'trillions', 'Swift', 'Euroclear', 'Mastercard', 'UBS', 'WisdomTree', 'ANZ', 'Aave', 'Polymarket', 'Lido', 'Lighter', 'offchain']",2026-08-24,2026-08-25,prnewswire.com
57309,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://bitcoinfoundation.org/news/altcoins/altcoin-rotation-5-institutional-tokens/,The Altcoin Rotation Has Started: 5 Tokens Getting the Most Institutional Attention,The altcoin rotation is becoming increasingly difficult to ignore. While Bitcoin retains its dominance  institutional capital is beginning to take more risk in the crypto...The post The Altcoin Rotation Has Started: 5 Tokens Getting the Most Institutional At…,The altcoin rotation is becoming increasingly difficult to ignore. While Bitcoin retains its dominance  institutional capital is beginning to take more risk in the crypto ecosystem. During the week ended August 21  crypto funds listed in the U.S. and focused on assets beyond Bitcoin and Ethereum drew close to $90 million. In addition  several major altcoins outperformed BTC▲$62 630.00 during the period.The rotation is not universal  however. Not all institutional investors are buying indiscriminately any token down 80% from its peak. Instead  capital is favoring assets with regulated investment vehicles  revenue streams  tokenization  or infrastructure already adopted by traditional finance.Related: The Altcoin Season Index Is Still Below 50: What Needs to Happen Before Altseason Begins?Why the Altcoin Rotation Is Becoming InstitutionalThe most recent altcoin rotation began  as expected  with Bitcoin. BTC drew more than 20% during the week as liquidity expectations improved  and spot Bitcoin ETFs drew roughly $1.9 billion in net inflows during the period. However  capital began to extend beyond Bitcoin soon thereafter. Ethereum ETFs drew another $697 million during the week  the best showing of 2026  while products tracking XRP▲$1.13 drew about $40 million.This development is significant because it suggests the involvement of institutional capital in the altcoin rotation. Institutional investors typically demand custody infrastructure  liquidity  and regulated investment vehicles in order to participate. Moreover  they are likely to adopt a more disciplined approach to investing  favoring assets with a coherent economic thesis over tokens with only speculative utility.The current altcoin rotation thus appears to be concentrated in a limited set of assets.1. Ethereum: The Obvious Institutional AltcoinEthereum appears to be the altcoin of choice among institutional investors.U.S. spot Ether ETFs drew roughly $697 million in net inflows during the week ending August 21. Their assets jumped to roughly $14.3 billion  while weekly trading volumes reached $6.9 billion. In addition  corporate treasury demand appears to be reaching new highs. BitMine Immersion Technologies alone has accumulated roughly 5.8 million ETH  worth around $14.3 billion at current prices  or nearly 5% of total supply. SharpLink has added another 870 000 ETH▲$1 761.17 to its holdings.This confluence of institutional demand factors has contributed to a rapid rise in the price of ETH. Ether recently crossed above $2 400  and outperformed Bitcoin during the most recent rally.For the altcoin rotation to gather momentum  Ethereum must also outperform. In many ways  ETH represents the bridge between Bitcoin and the rest of the crypto ecosystem. As such  it has frequently served as a bellwether for institutional demand.The danger for ETH as the preferred institutional altcoin is that it has drawn far more capital than its smaller counterparts. Institutional investors seeking asymmetric upside may begin to look past ETH in favor of alternative smart-contract platforms.2. XRP: ETF Money Finally Following the PriceXRP has been one of the best-performing tokens of the most recent altcoin rotation  rising nearly 40% during the week ended August 21. The token has since pulled back slightly to trade around $1.40-$1.50. More importantly  institutional demand appears to be accelerating. U.S. XRP investment products have seen roughly $40 million during the latest week  their best performance since May. Spot XRP ETFs have accumulated around $1.5 billion in inflows since their launch in late 2025  despite the poor performance of the token during the same period.This development suggests that institutional investors are willing to adopt XRP even in the absence of a favorable macro environment. The most immediate risk for XRP is that the recent improvement in price and demand will prove to be only a short-lived phenomenon. Earlier this summer  XRP ETF inflows slowed sharply  suggesting that institutional demand had weakened considerably.Nevertheless  XRP has value beyond speculation. Ripple’s continued efforts to tokenize payments  stablecoins  and real-world assets provide the token with fundamental upside. Meanwhile  institutional investors are likely to remain interested in XRP as a means of gaining exposure to the broader XRP Ledger ecosystem.XRP thus appears to be a prime candidate for inclusion in an institutional altcoin rotation. However  the token faces risks both on the fundamental and demand fronts.Related: Crypto Bull Market 2026: Is the Bitcoin Rally Finally Turning Into an Altcoin Season?3. Solana: Wall Street’s Alternative Layer 1Solana appears to be the alternative Layer 1 most favored by institutional investors.U.S. spot Solana ETFs drew more than $1 billion in net inflows since launching in October 2025. During the week ending August 21  SOL▲$82.41 products reportedly added another $28 million in assets during the most recent period.The variety of institutional investors interested in Solana is also considerable. The token now enjoys the support of investment products from Bitwise  Fidelity  VanEck  Franklin Templeton  Grayscale  21Shares  and Morgan Stanley  which launched its own Solana ETP in July. Institutional treasury strategies have also contributed to demand  while the high performance of the network has made it attractive to traders and tokenized stablecoin issuers.Public companies report every quarter.Solana reports every block.The Blockworks Lightspeed portal gives you the most relevant data on the network — all in one dashboard. https://t.co/XPtM18nHT1 — Jiani Chen (@chloejiani) March 9  2026These factors suggest that SOL is well-positioned to benefit from an institutional altcoin rotation. The token has sufficient liquidity and adoption to appeal to institutional investors  while its performance and size suggest that it has considerable room to rise.The danger for SOL is that ETF inflows have been uneven  with recent strength focused on a limited set of products. Until further notice  institutional investors are likely to remain cautious about committing additional capital to the token.4. Hyperliquid: The Surprise Institutional TradeHYPE▲$70.78 would not have been considered an institutional asset a year ago. In 2026  however  Hyperliquid has been able to attract considerable attention from large investors. The token now enjoys multiple exchange-traded products  including those from 21Shares  Bitwise  and Grayscale. Hyperliquid’s U.S. listings drew roughly $350 million in net inflows by late July after launching only months earlier. Combined trading volume approached $900 million within the first month  while net inflows reached roughly $153 millionThe appeal of HYPE lies in its institutional focus. Hyperliquid is one of the dominant decentralized perpetual future protocols. As such  a significant portion of the fees generated by Hyperliquid trading activity are allocated to its assistance fund  which buys HYPE from the open market.This focus on institutional trading means that Hyperliquid’s metrics are likely to be of interest to professional investors. Demand for HYPE can thus be estimated in terms of trading volume  revenues  market share  and buybacks. JPMorgan analysts have highlighted HYPE’s close relationship with platform activity  while warning about growing competition from regulated venues.JUST IN: 🇺🇸 President Trump says CFTC is working on bringing Hyperliquid to the US. — Watcher.Guru (@WatcherGuru) August 19  2026HYPE has risen more than 30% during the altcoin rotation to trade at around $80. Institutional investors should be aware  however  that inflows into Hyperliquid ETFs have slowed sharply after the initial launch. In addition  JPMorgan has warned that HYPE faces competition from several regulated centralized venues. Thus  while HYPE appears to be a compelling institutional trade  it is likely to be the riskiest of the tokens on this list.Related: Is Hyperliquid (HYPE) Ready for a New All-Time High? Top 5 Catalysts That Could Send HYPE Soaring5. Chainlink: The Infrastructure BetChainlink represents a different type of institutional investment thesis. While many institutional investors are likely to focus on on-chain activity and network performance  others are likely to take a more infrastructure-oriented approach. Chainlink has positioned itself as the bridge between traditional finance and crypto  facilitating the exchange of data  assets  and information between the two ecosystems.Chainlink’s institutional partnerships include Swift  DTCC  Euroclear  UBS  Franklin Templeton  Wellington Management  and numerous other major financial institutions. In addition  the company has worked with 24 financial institutions and market infrastructures to standardize corporate-actions processing. Chainlink has also developed solutions for tokenized fund subscriptions  redemptions  cross-chain settlement  and delivery-versus-payment transactions.These developments suggest that institutional investors are likely to take an interest in the technology that enables these innovations. At the same time  products such as Grayscale’s Chainlink Trust  which has traded on NYSE Arca since December 2025  indicate that demand for direct exposure to LINK▲$7.97 is also likely to rise. Indeed  Chainlink funds drew roughly $13 million during the week of the altcoin rotation.Finally  the Chainlink Reserve represents another potential draw for institutional investors. The reserve accumulates LINK by virtue of its revenues from enterprise customers and on-chain services. This mechanism thus creates a potential link between the adoption of Chainlink’s technology and the demand for its token.The obvious risk is that the institutional adoption of Chainlink’s infrastructure does not translate into demand for LINK. In addition  investors interested in institutional adoption should be mindful of the difference between the value of the technology and the value of the token.What the Institutional Altcoin Rotation Really MeansThe most important takeaway from the current market environment is that altcoins are no longer strictly speculative assets. This is not the first time that ether  XRP  or even lesser-known tokens such as HYPE have seen increased institutional participation. However  the confluence of factors such as spot ETFs  corporate treasury buying  and institutional trading volume suggests that the current environment is distinct from earlier altseasons.Ethereum appears to be the most obvious beneficiary  but other tokens are also likely to see increased institutional participation.XRP products have seen large inflows of institutional capital  and many institutional investors are considering exposure to the token. Similarly  Solana’s ETFs have drawn considerable attention from institutional investors despite the size of the market. In addition  Hyperliquid has seen large inflows of institutional capital  while Chainlink has seen increased institutional adoption of its infrastructure.Thus  while the current altcoin rotation is unlikely to lead to a frenzy in the value of lesser-known tokens  it could lead to a concentration of capital in a limited set of institutional assets.Can the Altcoin Rotation Continue?The conditions for an altcoin rotation to continue are certainly present. Bitcoin has seen a large move  Ethereum is outperforming  altcoin ETFs are improving  and the regulatory environment in the U.S. has become more favorable. If Bitcoin begins to consolidate  investors are likely to continue to allocate capital to higher-beta assets.However  the involvement of institutional investors does not eliminate the risk of volatility. Indeed  institutional investors may contribute to increased price swings by selling large positions. Thus  the inflows into altcoin ETFs could reverse  with corporate treasury companies selling tokens in response to a sharp drop in prices. Moreover  token prices often rise much faster than underlying demand  and institutional investors who have experimented with a particular blockchain may have little reason to buy its token.Thus  the current altcoin rotation should not be seen as an indication that all of the tokens mentioned will rise in value. Rather  the current environment suggests that institutional investors are likely to favor assets that possess characteristics that make them appealing to both institutional and retail investors. The five tokens mentioned are currently the best examples of such assets  but this advantage is unlikely to be permanent.,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.0,mixed,0.25,0.2,0.55,True,English,"['The Altcoin Rotation', 'Institutional Attention', '5 Tokens', 'U.S. spot Solana ETFs', 'U.S. XRP investment products', 'The Altcoin Season Index', 'broader XRP Ledger ecosystem', 'The Obvious Institutional Altcoin', 'several major altcoins', 'coherent economic thesis', 'weekly trading volumes', 'BitMine Immersion Technologies', 'favorable macro environment', 'regulated investment vehicles', 'Spot XRP ETFs', 'alternative smart-contract platforms', 'Crypto Bull Market', 'corporate treasury demand', 'preferred institutional altcoin', 'current altcoin rotation', 'institutional demand factors', 'recent altcoin rotation', 'institutional altcoin rotation', 'XRP ETF inflows', 'crypto ecosystem', 'current prices', 'ETF Money', 'recent rally', 'recent improvement', 'Alternative Layer', 'Ether ETFs', 'institutional investors', 'crypto funds', 'demand fronts', 'Bitcoin ETFs', 'revenue streams', 'traditional finance', 'net inflows', 'Ethereum ETFs', 'best showing', 'disciplined approach', 'speculative utility', 'limited set', 'new highs', 'total supply', 'rapid rise', 'many ways', 'smaller counterparts', 'asymmetric upside', 'best performance', 'poor performance', 'prime candidate', 'Wall Street', 'recent period', 'institutional capital', 'liquidity expectations', 'custody infrastructure', 'performing tokens', 'same period', 'immediate risk', 'fundamental upside', 'Bitcoin Rally', '5.8 million ETH', 'latest week', 'real-world assets', '41 products', '870,000 ETH', 'dominance', 'addition', 'BTC', 'peak', 'tokenization', 'Altseason', 'development', 'involvement', 'order', 'choice', 'August', 'SharpLink', 'holdings', 'confluence', 'momentum', 'bridge', 'rest', 'bellwether', 'danger', 'May', 'launch', 'absence', 'phenomenon', 'value', 'speculation', 'Ripple', 'continued', 'efforts', 'payments', 'stablecoins', 'means', 'exposure', 'inclusion', 'risks', 'October', 'variety', '1.']",2026-08-24,2026-08-25,bitcoinfoundation.org
57310,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/universal-music-group-nv-reports-weekly-transactions-under-its-250-million-share-buyback-program-302858416.html,Universal Music Group N.V. Reports Weekly Transactions under its €250 Million Share Buyback Program,"HILVERSUM  The Netherlands  Aug. 24  2026 /PRNewswire/ -- Universal Music Group N.V. (EURONEXT: UMG) (""UMG"" or ""the Company"") today announced that in the period from August 17  2026 up to and including August 21  2026 a total of 2 788 648 of its own shares we…","HILVERSUM  The Netherlands  Aug. 24  2026 /PRNewswire/ -- Universal Music Group N.V. (EURONEXT: UMG) (""UMG"" or ""the Company"") today announced that in the period from August 17  2026 up to and including August 21  2026 a total of 2 788 648 of its own shares were repurchased by the Company at an average price per share of €15.01 for a total consideration of €41 853 174. These repurchases have been made as part of the Company's additional €250 million share buyback program as announced on August 6  2026. Up to and including August 21  a total of 15 586 984 shares were repurchased under the share buyback program for a total consideration of €235 787 215. The Company publishes on a weekly basis an overview (in aggregated form) of the progress of the share buyback program on its website: https://investors.universalmusic.com/share-information/share-buyback/Cautionary NoticeThis press release is issued in connection with the disclosure and reporting obligations set out in Regulation (EU) No 596/2014 (the Market Abuse Regulation) and Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2016/1052 (each as amended).About Universal Music GroupAt Universal Music Group  we exist to shape culture through the power of artistry. UMG is the world leader in music-based entertainment  with a broad array of businesses engaged in recorded music  music publishing  merchandising  and audiovisual content. Featuring the most comprehensive catalogue of recordings and songs across every musical genre  UMG identifies and develops artists and produces and distributes the most critically acclaimed and commercially successful music in the world. Committed to artistry  innovation  and entrepreneurship  UMG fosters the development of services  platforms  and business models in order to broaden artistic and commercial opportunities for our artists and create new experiences for fans. For more information  visit www.universalmusic.com.ContactsMediaJames Steven - [email protected]InvestorsErika Begun - [email protected]",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,True,English,"['Universal Music Group N.V.', '€250 Million Share Buyback Program', 'Transactions', 'Universal Music Group N.V.', 'additional €250 million share buyback program', 'commercially successful music', 'Market Abuse Regulation', 'Commission Delegated Regulation', 'music publishing', 'The Netherlands', 'average price', 'weekly basis', 'Cautionary Notice', 'press release', 'reporting obligations', 'music-based entertainment', 'broad array', 'audiovisual content', 'comprehensive catalogue', 'musical genre', 'business models', 'commercial opportunities', 'new experiences', 'Contacts Media', 'James Steven', 'Erika Begun', 'total consideration', 'world leader', 'The Company', 'HILVERSUM', 'Aug.', 'EURONEXT', 'UMG', 'period', 'August', 'shares', 'repurchases', 'part', 'overview', 'aggregated', 'form', 'progress', 'website', 'investors', 'universalmusic', 'connection', 'disclosure', 'culture', 'power', 'artistry', 'businesses', 'merchandising', 'recordings', 'songs', 'artists', 'acclaimed', 'innovation', 'entrepreneurship', 'development', 'services', 'order', 'artistic', 'fans']",2026-08-24,2026-08-25,prnewswire.com
57311,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/universal-music-group-nv-reports-weekly-transactions-under-its-250-million-share-buyback-program-302858413.html,Universal Music Group N.V. Reports Weekly Transactions under its €250 Million Share Buyback Program,"HILVERSUM  The Netherlands  Aug. 24  2026 /PRNewswire/ -- Universal Music Group N.V. (EURONEXT: UMG) (""UMG"" or ""the Company"") today announced that in the period from August 17  2026 up to and including August 21  2026 a total of 2 788 648 of its own shares we…","HILVERSUM  The Netherlands  Aug. 24  2026 /PRNewswire/ -- Universal Music Group N.V. (EURONEXT: UMG) (""UMG"" or ""the Company"") today announced that in the period from August 17  2026 up to and including August 21  2026 a total of 2 788 648 of its own shares were repurchased by the Company at an average price per share of €15.01 for a total consideration of €41 853 174. These repurchases have been made as part of the Company's additional €250 million share buyback program as announced on August 6  2026. Up to and including August 21  a total of 15 586 984 shares were repurchased under the share buyback program for a total consideration of €235 787 215. The Company publishes on a weekly basis an overview (in aggregated form) of the progress of the share buyback program on its website: https://investors.universalmusic.com/share-information/share-buyback/Cautionary NoticeThis press release is issued in connection with the disclosure and reporting obligations set out in Regulation (EU) No 596/2014 (the Market Abuse Regulation) and Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2016/1052 (each as amended).About Universal Music GroupAt Universal Music Group  we exist to shape culture through the power of artistry. UMG is the world leader in music-based entertainment  with a broad array of businesses engaged in recorded music  music publishing  merchandising  and audiovisual content. Featuring the most comprehensive catalogue of recordings and songs across every musical genre  UMG identifies and develops artists and produces and distributes the most critically acclaimed and commercially successful music in the world. Committed to artistry  innovation  and entrepreneurship  UMG fosters the development of services  platforms  and business models in order to broaden artistic and commercial opportunities for our artists and create new experiences for fans. For more information  visit www.universalmusic.com.ContactsMediaJames Steven - [email protected]InvestorsErika Begun - [email protected]SOURCE Universal Music Group N.V.",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,True,English,"['Universal Music Group N.V.', '€250 Million Share Buyback Program', 'Transactions', 'SOURCE Universal Music Group N.V.', 'additional €250 million share buyback program', 'commercially successful music', 'Market Abuse Regulation', 'Commission Delegated Regulation', 'music publishing', 'The Netherlands', 'average price', 'weekly basis', 'Cautionary Notice', 'press release', 'reporting obligations', 'music-based entertainment', 'broad array', 'audiovisual content', 'comprehensive catalogue', 'musical genre', 'business models', 'commercial opportunities', 'new experiences', 'Contacts Media', 'James Steven', 'Erika Begun', 'total consideration', 'world leader', 'The Company', 'HILVERSUM', 'Aug.', 'EURONEXT', 'UMG', 'period', 'August', 'shares', 'repurchases', 'part', 'overview', 'aggregated', 'form', 'progress', 'website', 'investors', 'universalmusic', 'connection', 'disclosure', 'culture', 'power', 'artistry', 'businesses', 'merchandising', 'recordings', 'songs', 'artists', 'acclaimed', 'innovation', 'entrepreneurship', 'development', 'services', 'order', 'artistic', 'fans']",2026-08-24,2026-08-25,prnewswire.com
57312,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.co.uk/news-releases/universal-music-group-nv-reports-weekly-transactions-under-its-250-million-share-buyback-program-302858416.html,Universal Music Group N.V. Reports Weekly Transactions under its €250 Million Share Buyback Program,"HILVERSUM  The Netherlands  Aug. 24  2026 /PRNewswire/ -- Universal Music Group N.V. (EURONEXT: UMG) (""UMG"" or ""the Company"") today announced that in the period from August 17  2026 up to and including August 21  2026 a total of 2 788 648 of its own shares we…","HILVERSUM  The Netherlands  Aug. 24  2026 /PRNewswire/ -- Universal Music Group N.V. (EURONEXT: UMG) (""UMG"" or ""the Company"") today announced that in the period from August 17  2026 up to and including August 21  2026 a total of 2 788 648 of its own shares were repurchased by the Company at an average price per share of €15.01 for a total consideration of €41 853 174. These repurchases have been made as part of the Company's additional €250 million share buyback program as announced on August 6  2026. Up to and including August 21  a total of 15 586 984 shares were repurchased under the share buyback program for a total consideration of €235 787 215. The Company publishes on a weekly basis an overview (in aggregated form) of the progress of the share buyback program on its website: https://investors.universalmusic.com/share-information/share-buyback/Cautionary NoticeThis press release is issued in connection with the disclosure and reporting obligations set out in Regulation (EU) No 596/2014 (the Market Abuse Regulation) and Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2016/1052 (each as amended).About Universal Music GroupAt Universal Music Group  we exist to shape culture through the power of artistry. UMG is the world leader in music-based entertainment  with a broad array of businesses engaged in recorded music  music publishing  merchandising  and audiovisual content. Featuring the most comprehensive catalogue of recordings and songs across every musical genre  UMG identifies and develops artists and produces and distributes the most critically acclaimed and commercially successful music in the world. Committed to artistry  innovation  and entrepreneurship  UMG fosters the development of services  platforms  and business models in order to broaden artistic and commercial opportunities for our artists and create new experiences for fans. For more information  visit www.universalmusic.com.ContactsMediaJames Steven - communicationsnl@umusic.comInvestorsErika Begun - investorrelations@umusic.com",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.97,0.02,True,English,"['Universal Music Group N.V.', '€250 Million Share Buyback Program', 'Transactions', 'Universal Music Group N.V.', 'additional €250 million share buyback program', 'commercially successful music', 'Market Abuse Regulation', 'Commission Delegated Regulation', 'music publishing', 'The Netherlands', 'average price', 'weekly basis', 'Cautionary Notice', 'press release', 'reporting obligations', 'music-based entertainment', 'broad array', 'audiovisual content', 'comprehensive catalogue', 'musical genre', 'business models', 'commercial opportunities', 'new experiences', 'Contacts Media', 'James Steven', 'Erika Begun', 'total consideration', 'world leader', 'The Company', 'HILVERSUM', 'Aug.', 'EURONEXT', 'UMG', 'period', 'August', 'shares', 'repurchases', 'part', 'overview', 'aggregated', 'form', 'progress', 'website', 'investors', 'universalmusic', 'connection', 'disclosure', 'culture', 'power', 'artistry', 'businesses', 'merchandising', 'recordings', 'songs', 'artists', 'acclaimed', 'innovation', 'entrepreneurship', 'development', 'services', 'order', 'artistic', 'fans', 'communicationsnl', 'umusic', 'investorrelations']",2026-08-24,2026-08-25,prnewswire.co.uk
57313,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.co.uk/news-releases/regulatory-news/new-amsterdam-invest-keeps-on-growing-302858329.html,New Amsterdam Invest keeps on growing,"AMSTERDAM  Aug. 24  2026 /PRNewswire/ -- New Amsterdam Invest N.V. (the ""Company""  or ""New Amsterdam Invest""  or ""NAI"")  a commercial real estate company listed on Euronext Amsterdam  announces its half year results 2026  today. Aren van Dam  ceo New Amsterda…","AMSTERDAM  Aug. 24  2026 /PRNewswire/ -- New Amsterdam Invest N.V. (the ""Company""  or ""New Amsterdam Invest""  or ""NAI"")  a commercial real estate company listed on Euronext Amsterdam  announces its half year results 2026  today.Aren van Dam  ceo New Amsterdam Invest:""New Amsterdam Invest saw growth both in turnover and profit in the first half year of 2026 and is expected to continue to do so in the coming years by continually expanding our property portfolio. This enables us to maintain our profile as a dividend-paying share  in the interests of all our shareholders.The operating result for the first half of 2026 rose by € 1 318k to € 4 475k. For the full financial year 2026  we expect an operating profit of approximately € 10 million. This figure excludes valuation differences  transaction costs relating to the acquisition of new properties and changes in valuation rates.In the second half of 2026 our focus will be unchanged: to optimize our organization and to support the operating performance of the group. As management we are confident to build NAI further.""Highlights 2026 Half YearRental Income € 9.5 millionNet Rental Income € 6.1 millionRevaluation differences € 0.6 million  expenseResult before taxes € 2.3 millionNet result attributable to shareholders € 1.1 million; non controlling interest € 0.8 millionEarning per share € 0.37Total investment property € 128.7 millionTotal Equity € 53.8 millionCash from operation € 0.9 millionSolvency 38.4%Outlook 2026Currently the Company is on track. The net rental income 2026 is expected to be approximately € 13 million. The Company expects an operating result before tax of€ 5.9 million. This result does not include valuation differences  transaction costs and results and/or exchange differences.Business overviewThe results from group companies have been included and consolidated within the Company's results for the first half of 2026. The main difference between HY 2026 and HY 2025 is the acquisition  financing and exploration of the investment property Fairfax Center acquired in January 2026. The management board concluded that there was no reason to have a new valuation carried out per 30 June 2026. This will be done per 31 December 2026.The valuation differences HY 2026 of investment properties in the amount of € 563k (expense) mainly consist of tenant improvements and improvements of common areas. These are charged directly to the result in accordance with accounting rules. However  these investments will also be part of the valuation and fair value of the investment properties as determined at the end of the 2026 financial year.Events after balance sheet dateThere have been no relevant events since the balance sheet date.Interim Financial Statements New Amsterdam Invest first half year 2026For an overview of the interim financial statements of New Amsterdam Invest for the first half year 2026  we refer to the Interim Financial Report published today.About New Amsterdam InvestNew Amsterdam Invest N.V. is a Dutch commercial real estate company listed at Euronext Amsterdam  with operating companies in the United States and the United Kingdom.The main objective of New Amsterdam Invest is conducting commercial activities  including the owning  (re-)developing  acquiring  divesting  maintaining  letting out and/or otherwise operating commercial real estate  all in the broadest possible meaning.All information about New Amsterdam Invest can be found on the company website: www.newamsterdaminvest.comDisclaimerThis press release contains  or may contain  information about New Amsterdam Invest N.V. within the meaning of Article 7(1) to (4) of the EU Market Abuse Regulation.This press release may include statements  including NAI's financial and operational medium-term objectives that are  or may be deemed to be  ''forward-looking statements''. These forward-looking statements may be identified by the use of forward-looking terminology  including the terms ''believes''  ''estimates''  ''plans''  ''projects''  ''anticipates''  ''expects''  ''intends''  ''may''  ''will'' or ''should'' or  in each case  their negative or other variations or comparable terminology  or by discussions of strategy  plans  objectives  goals  future events or intentions.Forward-looking statements may and often do differ materially from actual results. Any forward-looking statements reflect NAI's current view with respect to future events and are subject to risks relating to future events and other risks  uncertainties and assumptions relating to NAI's business  results of operations  financial position  liquidity  prospects  growth or strategies. Forward-looking statements speak only as of the date they are made.The content and accuracy of news releases published on this site and/or distributed by PR Newswire or its partners are the sole responsibility of the originating company or organisation. Whilst every effort is made to ensure the accuracy of our services  such releases are not actively monitored or reviewed by PR Newswire or its partners and under no circumstances shall PR Newswire or its partners be liable for any loss or damage resulting from the use of such information. All information should be checked prior to publication.",neutral,0.36,0.64,0.0,positive,0.58,0.42,0.0,True,English,"['New Amsterdam Invest', 'New Amsterdam Invest N.V.', 'Dutch commercial real estate company', 'EU Market Abuse Regulation', 'investment property Fairfax Center', '2026 Half Year Rental Income', 'Net Rental Income', 'Aren van Dam', 'full financial year', 'Interim Financial Report', 'balance sheet date', 'Total investment property', 'first half year', 'broadest possible meaning', 'operational medium-term objectives', 'Interim Financial Statements', 'half year results', 'commercial activities', '2026 financial year', 'new properties', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'new valuation', 'property portfolio', 'investment properties', 'second half', 'Total Equity', 'financial position', 'The Company', 'company website', 'originating company', 'Net result', 'looking statements', 'coming years', 'transaction costs', 'operating performance', 'Revaluation differences', 'controlling interest', 'exchange differences', 'main difference', 'common areas', 'accounting rules', 'fair value', 'operating companies', 'United States', 'United Kingdom', 'main objective', 'press release', 'forward-looking terminology', 'other variations', 'comparable terminology', 'current view', 'PR Newswire', 'sole responsibility', 'valuation rates', 'relevant events', 'future events', 'dividend-paying share', 'operating result', 'operating profit', 'group companies', 'management board', 'tenant improvements', 'actual results', 'other risks', 'news releases', 'Business overview', 'Aug.', 'PRNewswire', 'NAI', 'ceo', 'growth', 'turnover', 'profile', 'interests', 'shareholders', 'figure', 'acquisition', 'changes', 'focus', 'organization', 'Highlights', 'expense', 'taxes', 'Earning', 'Cash', 'Solvency', 'Outlook', 'track', 'HY', 'financing', 'exploration', 'January', 'reason', '30 June', '31 December', 'amount', 'accordance', 'investments', 'part', 'information', 'newamsterdaminvest', 'Disclaimer', 'Article', 'terms', 'plans', 'projects', 'case', 'negative', 'discussions', 'strategy', 'goals', 'intentions', 'respect', 'uncertainties', 'assumptions', 'operations', 'liquidity', 'prospects', 'strategies', 'content', 'accuracy', 'organisation', 'effort', 'services']",2026-08-24,2026-08-25,prnewswire.co.uk
57314,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://cryptobriefing.com/jito-jitosol-distribution-solana-platforms/,Jito targets broader distribution for JitoSOL across major platforms,Jito's strategy could enhance Solana's ecosystem integration  but centralization risks and regulatory challenges may impact its long-term success.The post Jito targets broader distribution for JitoSOL across major platforms appeared first on Crypto Briefing.,Solana's largest liquid staking token is shifting strategy from TVL accumulation to deep integration across DeFi and institutional channelsJito is making a deliberate pivot. Instead of chasing ever-higher total value locked numbers  the Jito Foundation is now focused on getting JitoSOL into as many hands  wallets  and platforms as possible.The strategy centers on distributing JitoSOL  Solana’s largest standalone liquid staking token  across all major platforms and services in the ecosystem. That includes DeFi protocols  centralized exchanges  institutional products  and even governance infrastructure.The distribution playbookThe most notable integration so far involves Coinbase. The exchange exclusively adopted JitoSOL for its SOL-backed borrowing product built on Morpho  a lending protocol. That single integration has already accumulated nearly 200 000 SOL in TVL.Beyond Coinbase  JitoSOL has found its way into multiple DeFi platforms including Kamino  Solend  and Raydium. Each integration adds another layer of composability  meaning holders can lend  provide liquidity  or use JitoSOL as collateral without ever unstaking their SOL.AdvertisementWhat makes JitoSOL different from a vanilla liquid staking token is its dual reward structure. Holders earn standard staking rewards plus transaction-ordering value tips through a mechanism called TipRouter. Validators using Jito’s infrastructure capture extra revenue from the order in which they process transactions  and some of that value flows back to JitoSOL holders.Institutional doors opening21Shares launched the Jito Staked SOL ETP  ticker JSOL  on Euronext in January 2026. Exchange-traded products listed on major European stock exchanges represent a meaningful channel for institutional capital that wouldn’t touch a DeFi protocol directly but is perfectly comfortable buying a regulated financial product.Anchorage Digital Bank  a federally chartered crypto bank  has also provided infrastructure support for JitoSOL.The Jito stake pool recently reached quorum to vote on Solana governance proposals  which adds yet another dimension. JitoSOL holders aren’t just earning yield. They’re participating in protocol-level decision-making for the entire Solana network.Scale and ecosystem dominanceJito-related infrastructure reportedly manages around 33% of the Solana stake as of mid-2026.The Foundation’s governance structure ties this all together through the JTO token  which connects fee revenue and tip accrual back into ecosystem growth.Looking ahead  Jito plans to add JitoSOL as a staking option on its JTX trading platform during 2026. That would let traders use their staked SOL as margin or collateral for derivatives positions  letting capital earn staking yield while simultaneously being used to trade.The risk side of the equation shouldn’t be ignored. Having 33% of Solana’s stake concentrated through one ecosystem creates centralization concerns that the community has debated at length. Regulatory treatment of staking products remains an evolving question in multiple jurisdictions  and any adverse ruling could affect demand for products like the JSOL ETP.,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.81,0.19,0.0,True,English,"['broader distribution', 'major platforms', 'Jito', 'higher total value locked numbers', 'largest standalone liquid staking token', 'largest liquid staking token', 'vanilla liquid staking token', 'major European stock exchanges', 'The Jito stake pool', 'standard staking rewards', 'SOL-backed borrowing product', 'transaction-ordering value tips', 'regulated financial product', 'JTX trading platform', 'dual reward structure', 'Anchorage Digital Bank', 'entire Solana network', 'Solana governance proposals', 'multiple DeFi platforms', 'JTO token', 'staking option', 'major platforms', 'centralized exchanges', 'governance structure', 'Solana stake', 'crypto bank', 'multiple jurisdictions', 'The Foundation', 'governance infrastructure', 'institutional channels', 'deliberate pivot', 'many hands', 'DeFi protocols', 'distribution playbook', 'lending protocol', 'extra revenue', 'Institutional doors', 'meaningful channel', 'protocol-level decision-making', 'fee revenue', 'derivatives positions', 'risk side', 'centralization concerns', 'Regulatory treatment', 'evolving question', 'adverse ruling', 'Jito Foundation', 'Jito Staked', 'deep integration', 'notable integration', 'single integration', 'infrastructure support', 'ecosystem dominance', 'Jito-related infrastructure', 'ecosystem growth', 'one ecosystem', 'TVL accumulation', 'institutional products', 'Exchange-traded products', 'institutional capital', 'JSOL ETP', 'JitoSOL holders', '200,000 SOL', 'SOL.', 'strategy', 'wallets', 'services', 'Coinbase', 'Morpho', 'way', 'Kamino', 'Solend', 'Raydium', 'layer', 'composability', 'liquidity', 'collateral', 'Advertisement', 'mechanism', 'Validators', 'transactions', '21Shares', 'ticker', 'Euronext', 'January', 'quorum', 'dimension', 'yield', 'Scale', 'mid', 'accrual', 'traders', 'margin', 'equation', 'community', 'length', 'demand']",2026-08-24,2026-08-25,cryptobriefing.com
57315,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://apnews.com/press-release/globenewswire-mobile/press-release-6251c435e3c7e281d9fbbc486869726e,Aegon implements EUR 150 million increase in share buyback program,Schiphol  August 24  2026 - Aegon announces that the previously announced EUR 150 million increase to its second-half 2026 share buyback program takes effect today,Schiphol  August 24  2026 - Aegon announces that the previously announced EUR 150 million increase to its second-half 2026 share buyback program takes effect today. The total program now amounts to EUR 350 million  up from EUR 200 million. The increase is consistent with Aegon’s stated objective to reduce Cash Capital at Holding to around EUR 1.0 billion by year-end 2026.The original EUR 200 million program started on July 1  2026. To date  Aegon has repurchased shares for an aggregate purchase price of EUR 57 million  representing approximately 28% of the initial EUR 200 million program. The expanded program is expected to be completed by December 23  2026  barring unforeseen circumstances.Aegon has entered into an agreement with its largest shareholder  Vereniging Aegon  to participate in the additional EUR 150 million that has been added to the initial program  in which Vereniging Aegon also participates. Vereniging Aegon will participate pro-rata in the share buyback program based on its shareholding  which represents about 18.4% of the total shareholders’ voting rights that are currently exercisable. This results in a buyback amount of EUR 26 million for the additional part of the share buyback program and an aggregate amount of EUR 63 million for the full share buyback program. The number of common shares that Aegon will repurchase from Vereniging Aegon will be determined based on the daily volume-weighted average price per common share on Euronext Amsterdam.Aegon has engaged a third party to execute the buyback transactions on its behalf. The common shares will be repurchased at a price not exceeding the average daily volume-weighted average price per common share during the repurchase period. Aegon intends to cancel the shares it will repurchase in this share buyback program.The share buyback program will be executed in compliance with the EU Market Abuse Regulation and within the limitations of the existing authority as granted by shareholders at Aegon’s annual general meeting held on June 10  2026. For further details  visit our share buyback updates page at aegon.com.ContactsMedia relations Investor relations Carolien van der Giessen Yves Cormier +31 611 953 367 +44 782 337 1511 [email protected] [email protected]About AegonAegon is an international financial services holding company with the ambition to become a leading US life insurance  annuity  and retirement group with international insurance and asset management subsidiaries. Aegon’s portfolio of businesses includes fully-owned businesses in the United States and Bermuda  and a global asset manager. Via insurance joint-ventures in Spain & Portugal  China  and Brazil  and asset management partnerships in France and China  Aegon combines its international expertise with strong local partners. In addition  it holds a shareholding in a leading Dutch insurance and pensions company and  following completion of the announced sale of Aegon UK  which is expected around the end of 2026  will retain a minority shareholding in a leading UK long-term savings and retirement business.Aegon’s purpose of helping people live their best lives runs through all its activities. As a global investor and employer  Aegon recognizes its responsibility to address issues that affect the environment and society. The company is headquartered in Schiphol  the Netherlands  domiciled in Bermuda  and listed on Euronext Amsterdam and the New York Stock Exchange. More information can be found at aegon.com.Forward-looking statementsThe statements contained in this document that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements as defined in the US Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. The following are words that identify such forward-looking statements: aim  believe  estimate  target  focus  intend  may  expect  anticipate  predict  project  counting on  plan  continue  want  forecast  goal  should  would  could  is confident  will  and similar expressions as they relate to Aegon. These statements may contain information about financial prospects  economic conditions and trends and involve risks and uncertainties. In addition  any statements that refer to sustainability  environmental and social targets  commitments  goals  efforts and expectations and other events or circumstances that are partially dependent on future events are forward-looking statements. These statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve risks  uncertainties and assumptions that are difficult to predict. Aegon undertakes no obligation  and expressly disclaims any duty  to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements  which merely reflect the company’s expectations at the time of writing. Actual results may differ materially and adversely from expectations conveyed in forward-looking statements due to changes caused by various risks and uncertainties. Such risks and uncertainties include  but are not limited to  the following:Changes in general economic and/or governmental conditions  particularly in Bermuda  the United States  the United Kingdom and  in relation to Aegon’s shareholding in ASR Nederland N.V.  and Aegon’s asset management business  the Netherlands.Civil unrest  (geo-) political tensions  military action or other instability in countries or geographic regions that affect our operations or that affect global markets.Changes in the performance of financial markets  including emerging markets  such as: The frequency and severity of defaults by issuers in Aegon’s fixed income investment portfolios. The effects of corporate bankruptcies and/or accounting restatements on the financial markets and the resulting decline in the value of equity and debt securities Aegon holds. The effects of declining creditworthiness of certain public sector securities and the resulting decline in the value of government exposure that Aegon holds. The impact from volatility in credit  equity  and interest rates.Changes in the performance of Aegon’s investment portfolio and a decline in the ratings of Aegon’s counterparties.The effect of tariffs and potential trade wars on trading markets and on economic growth  both globally and in the markets where Aegon operates.The lowering of one or more of Aegon’s debt ratings issued by recognized rating organizations and the adverse impact such action may have on Aegon’s ability to raise capital and on its liquidity and financial condition.The lowering of one or more insurer financial strength ratings of Aegon’s insurance subsidiaries and the adverse impact such action may have on the written premium  policy retention  profitability and liquidity of its insurance subsidiaries.The effect of applicable Bermuda solvency requirements  the European Union’s Solvency II requirements  and applicable equivalent solvency requirements and other regulations in other jurisdictions  in particular the United States  affecting the capital Aegon is required to maintain and our ability to pay dividends.Changes in the European Commission’s or European regulator’s position on the equivalence of the supervisory regime for insurance and reinsurance undertakings in force in Bermuda.Changes affecting interest rate levels and low or rapidly changing interest rate levels.Changes affecting currency exchange rates  in particular the EUR/USD and EUR/GBP exchange rates.The effects of global inflation  or inflation in the markets where Aegon operates.Changes in the availability of  and costs associated with  liquidity sources  such as bank and capital markets funding  as well as conditions in the credit markets in general  such as changes in borrower and counterparty creditworthiness.Increasing levels of competition  particularly in the United States  the United Kingdom  emerging markets and  in relation to Aegon’s shareholding in ASR Nederland N.V. and Aegon’s asset management business  the Netherlands.Catastrophic events  either manmade or by nature – including  for example  acts of God  acts of terrorism  acts of war and pandemics – could result in material losses and significantly interrupt Aegon’s business.The frequency and severity of insured loss events.Changes affecting longevity  mortality  morbidity  persistence and other factors that may impact the profitability of Aegon’s insurance products and management of derivatives.Aegon’s projected results  which are highly sensitive to complex mathematical models of financial markets  mortality  longevity  and other dynamic systems that are subject to shocks and unpredictable volatility. Should assumptions to these models later prove incorrect or should errors in those models escape the controls in place to detect them  future performance will vary from projected results.Reinsurers to whom Aegon has ceded significant underwriting risks may fail to meet their obligations.Changes in customer behavior and public opinion in general related to  among other things  the type of products Aegon sells  including legal  regulatory or commercial necessity to meet changing customer expectations.Customer responsiveness to both new products and distribution channels.Third-party information used by Aegon  which may prove to be inaccurate and/or change over time (as methodologies and data availability and quality continue to evolve) and therefore impact our results and disclosures.Operational risks (such as system disruptions or failures  security or data privacy breaches  cyberattacks  human error  failure to safeguard personally identifiable information  changes in operational practices or inadequate controls including with respect to third parties with which Aegon does business) which may disrupt Aegon’s business  damage its reputation and adversely affect its results of operations  financial condition and cash flows.Aegon’s failure to swiftly  effectively  and securely adapt and integrate emerging technologies.The impact of acquisitions and divestitures  restructurings  product withdrawals and other unusual items  including Aegon’s ability to complete  or obtain regulatory approval for  acquisitions and divestitures  integrate acquisitions  and realize anticipated results from such transactions  and its ability to separate businesses as part of divestitures. In particular  in connection with the proposed corporate reorganization that includes  among other things  the domestication and continuation of Aegon as a Delaware corporation (the “Redomiciliation”) (i) the proposed Redomiciliation may not be completed in a timely manner or at all; (ii) the failure to realize the anticipated benefits of the proposed Redomiciliation; (iii) the possibility that any or all of the various conditions to the consummation of the proposed Redomiciliation may not be satisfied or waived; (iv) the effect of the pendency of the proposed Redomiciliation on our ability to retain and hire key personnel  or its operating results and business generally and (v) the effects of the proposed Redomiciliation on trading  liquidity and the price of Aegon’s securities.Aegon’s failure to achieve anticipated levels of earnings or operational efficiencies  as well as other management initiatives related to cost savings  Cash Capital at Holding  gross financial leverage and free cash flow.Changes in the policies of central banks and/or governments.Litigation or regulatory action that could require Aegon to pay significant damages or change the way Aegon does business.Competitive  legal  regulatory  or tax changes that affect profitability  the distribution cost of  or demand for  Aegon’s products.The consequences of an actual or potential break-up of the European Monetary Union in whole or in part and the potential consequences of European Union countries leaving the European Union.Changes in laws and regulations  or the interpretation thereof by regulators and courts  including as a result of comprehensive reform or shifts away from multilateral approaches to regulation of global or national operations  particularly regarding those laws and regulations related to ESG matters  those affecting  for example  the ability of Aegon’s operations to hire and retain key personnel  the taxation of Aegon companies  the products Aegon sells  the attractiveness of certain products to its consumers and Aegon’s intellectual property.Regulatory changes relating to the pensions  investment  insurance industries and enforcing adjustments in the jurisdictions in which Aegon operates.Standard setting initiatives of supranational standard setting bodies  such as the Financial Stability Board and the International Association of Insurance Supervisors  or changes to such standards that may have an impact on regional (such as EU)  national (such as Bermuda) or US federal or state level financial regulation or the application thereof to Aegon.Changes in accounting regulations and policies or a change by Aegon in applying such regulations and policies  voluntarily or otherwise  which may affect Aegon’s reported results  shareholders’ equity or regulatory capital adequacy levels.Rapid changes in the landscape for ESG responsibilities  which lead to potential challenges by private parties and governmental authorities  and/or changes in ESG standards and requirements  including assumptions  methodology and materiality  or a change by Aegon in applying such standards and requirements  voluntarily or otherwise  that may affect Aegon’s ability to meet evolving standards and requirements  or Aegon’s ability to meet its sustainability and ESG-related goals  or related public expectations  which may also negatively affect Aegon’s reputation or the reputation of its board of directors or its management.Unexpected delays  difficulties  and expenses in executing against Aegon’s environmental  climate  or other ESG targets  goals and commitments  and changes in laws or regulations affecting us  such as changes in data privacy  environmental  health and safety laws.Reliance on third-party information in certain of Aegon’s disclosures  which may change over time as methodologies and data availability and quality continue to evolve. These factors  as well as any inaccuracies in third-party information used by Aegon  including in estimates or assumptions  may cause results to differ materially and adversely from statements  estimates  and beliefs made by Aegon or third parties. Moreover  Aegon’s disclosures based on any standards may change due to revisions in framework requirements  availability of information  changes in its business or applicable governmental policies  or other factors  some of which may be beyond Aegon’s control. Additionally  Aegon’s discussion of various ESG and other sustainability issues in this document or in other locations  including on our corporate website  may be informed by the interests of various stakeholders  as well as various ESG standards  frameworks  and regulations (including for the measurement and assessment of underlying data). As such  our disclosures on such issues  including climate-related disclosures  may include information that is not necessarily “material” under US securities laws for SEC reporting purposes  even if we use words such as “material” or “materiality” in relation to those statements. ESG expectations continue to evolve  often quickly  including for matters outside of our control; our disclosures are inherently dependent on the methodology (including any related assumptions or estimates) and data used  and there can be no guarantee that such disclosures will necessarily reflect or be consistent with the preferred practices or interpretations of particular stakeholders  either currently or in future.This document contains information that qualifies  or may qualify  as inside information within the meaning of Article 7(1) of the EU Market Abuse Regulation (596/2014). Further details of potential risks and uncertainties affecting Aegon are included in its filings with the Netherlands Authority for the Financial Markets and the US Securities and Exchange Commission  including the 2025 Integrated Annual Report. These forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this document. Except as required by any applicable law or regulation  Aegon expressly disclaims any obligation or undertaking to release publicly any updates or revisions to any forward-looking statements contained herein to reflect any change in Aegon’s expectations with regard thereto or any change in events  conditions or circumstances on which any such statement is based.Attachment,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,negative,0.0,0.11,0.89,True,English,"['EUR 150 million increase', 'share buyback program', 'Aegon', 'Carolien van der Giessen Yves Cormier', 'US Private Securities Litigation Reform Act', 'average daily volume-weighted average price', 'international financial services holding company', 'EU Market Abuse Regulation', 'New York Stock Exchange', 'leading US life insurance', 'leading UK long-term savings', 'share buyback updates page', 'total shareholders’ voting rights', 'second-half 2026 share buyback program', 'full share buyback program', 'original EUR 200 million program', 'initial EUR 200 million program', 'leading Dutch insurance', 'asset management subsidiaries', 'asset management partnerships', 'strong local partners', 'aggregate purchase price', 'annual general meeting', 'global asset manager', 'total program', 'initial program', 'international insurance', 'financial prospects', 'buyback amount', 'common share', 'buyback transactions', 'expanded program', 'international expertise', '150 million increase', 'insurance joint-ventures', 'aggregate amount', 'global investor', 'general economic', 'additional EUR', 'pensions company', 'Aegon UK', 'Cash Capital', 'largest shareholder', 'additional part', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'third party', 'repurchase period', 'existing authority', 'Media relations', 'Investor relations', 'retirement group', 'United States', 'retirement business', 'best lives', 'historical facts', 'similar expressions', 'economic conditions', 'social targets', 'other events', 'future events', 'future performance', 'undue reliance', 'Actual results', 'Forward-looking statements', 'unforeseen circumstances', 'More information', 'various risks', 'Such risks', 'minority shareholding', 'Vereniging Aegon', 'shares', 'Schiphol', 'effect', 'objective', 'year-end', 'July', 'December', 'agreement', 'rata', 'number', 'behalf', 'compliance', 'limitations', 'June', 'details', 'Contacts', 'ambition', 'annuity', 'portfolio', 'businesses', 'Bermuda', 'Spain', 'Portugal', 'China', 'Brazil', 'France', 'completion', 'sale', 'purpose', 'people', 'activities', 'employer', 'responsibility', 'issues', 'environment', 'society', 'Netherlands', 'document', 'words', 'aim', 'focus', 'project', 'plan', 'goal', 'trends', 'uncertainties', 'sustainability', 'commitments', 'efforts', 'expectations', 'guarantees', 'assumptions', 'obligation', 'duty', 'Readers', 'time', 'writing', 'changes', 'govern']",2026-08-24,2026-08-25,apnews.com
57316,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://en.protothema.gr/2026/08/24/mitsotakiss-order-to-round-up-the-ripe-ones-living-off-public-money-the-thessaloniki-fair-tsipras-and-samaras-the-spetses-tip-offs-and-is-george-papandreous-son-standing-in-heraklion/,Mitsotakis’s order to “round up the ripe ones living off public money ” the Thessaloniki Fair  Tsipras and Samaras  the Spetses tip-offs  and is George Papandreou’s son standing in Heraklion?,Hello  good morning  welcome back  and happy late summer  although we are still in the grip of a heatwave and a quiet Athens that will gradually fill up again and find its normal rhythm. It has been a good summer for tourism  perhaps one of the best for those…,Newsroom August 24 08:09Δείτε περισσότερα άρθρα μας στα αποτελέσματα αναζήτησης Add Protothema.gr on GoogleHello  good morning  welcome back  and happy late summer  although we are still in the grip of a heatwave and a quiet Athens that will gradually fill up again and find its normal rhythm. It has been a good summer for tourism  perhaps one of the best for those who work professionally in hospitality  but sadly it was marred by a huge fire in Attica that burned Porto Germeno and claimed lives  some of them people who died on duty. I do not need to state the obvious: from here on  the political temperature is likely to rise sharply  because the election is only months away. We are now in the final stretch  even though the vote itself will not be held until spring 2027. Prime Minister Kyriakos Mitsotakis and his government returned to their desks today  their first day back after around ten days of holiday  and as you will understand  that means it is now Thessaloniki International Fair (TIF) season. The measures  the package  have already been drawn up by Minister of National Economy and Finance Kyriakos Pierrakakis and Deputy Minister Thanos Petralias. Mitsotakis knows almost everything about it  not just the outline  and will give his final approval within a few days  although there is still time for changes and corrections until 6 September. If you are asking what this year’s Thessaloniki pre-election package will contain  and whether there will be surprises  the answer is certainly yes. Now  if I were to write down everything that reaches my ears  what would those surprises actually be? Just bear in mind that the sum involved will be considerably larger than what has been reported so far  and it will of course be aimed at winning back the voters “lost” between 2023 and today. I will say no more.Mind the election…From the Thessaloniki Fair onwards  the most likely scenario is a sudden flare-up on the political scene  because we are on the run-up to an election  so every detail matters  especially anything to do with scandals  corruption  or even just rumours of either. That is why my source inside Maximos (the Prime Minister’s office) tells me that Mitsotakis has already called and phoned key figures in the machinery that distributes state money  public contracts  advertising and so on  warning them to be especially careful. To put the matter in its proper context  he demanded scrupulous oversight of all money handed out for management  particularly to those companies that have sprung up in the last five years and live almost exclusively off public money or European funding. Nothing more than that  because on top of everything else  the European Public Prosecutor’s Office is also watching. My source even said that the prime minister appears determined to put an end to all this  telling colleagues that he owes nothing to anyone and has no dependencies on anyone. Interesting  isn’t it? Let us see how this whole exercise unfolds  given that these particular types have grown bold and are letting it be known everywhere that “only we can bring the projects to maturity  otherwise everything will grind to a halt  and during an election period no one will see a single euro.” As if they were bananas ripening in a greenhouse!Tsipras and SamarasOtherwise  Maximos will focus its criticism on two political groupings  and rightly so  since they hold the greatest interest for the governing party: Alexis Tsipras and Antonis Samaras. For Tsipras (who spent his August holidays on Paros and Astypalea)  Maximos will keep asking “where did you find the money to run such expensive campaigns ” and will of course focus on his recent past. As for Samaras  who is preparing intensively with whatever remains among the “recyclable faces” of the conservative camp  there will also be preparation and fierce criticism in which all members of the government are expected to take part  according to Maximos. Tatoulis  Tzavaras and Mazis are some of the names mentioned alongside Salmas and several others  though I should repeat that New Democracy has not taken this whole Samaras safari lightly  even when it involves sidelined party figures. In the coming period they will deal with it case by case and region by region  because there is real anxiety about how it will play out.Debt on the Cabinet agendaAt today’s first cabinet meeting of the season  Mitsotakis will place particular emphasis on debt relief  pointing out that the repayments being made are of historic significance  since for the first time the burden on future generations is being eased. The reason Maximos insists so much on this narrative is that it senses a willingness on the part of the opposition to attack it  admittedly rather naively  by arguing that the repayments are unnecessary because the money could instead fund additional social benefits. That is not so simple  because European rules on spending ceilings apply. I am also told that public support for repaying the debt early  measured before the August break  stood at around 60 per cent  that is  across party lines. More generally  do not underestimate how much the public values household-style prudence  or interventions made to ease private debt.Outstanding Recovery Fund businessA key item on the cabinet’s agenda is naturally the last remaining milestones of the Recovery and Resilience Fund. The presentation of what has been done and what remains will be given by two ministers who stayed in Athens through August  Minister of State Akis Skertsos and Deputy Minister of National Economy and Finance Nikos Papathanasis  with Papathanasis barely taking a day off in order to close out every outstanding item by the end of the month. I am told that every minister  despite the grumbling  agreed to the request to hold weekly video calls with Papathanasis on the progress of outstanding matters within their own portfolios. As for those outstanding items  they are being closed by the hour  with a few still remaining at the Ministries of Infrastructure  Energy and Health  as well as at the Independent Authority for Public Revenue  though everyone expects the 31 August deadline to be met  so that the request for the final instalment can be submitted by the end of September and the money paid out by December.Everyone to Thessaloniki on ThursdayOn Thursday  Mitsotakis  with almost half the cabinet in tow  will travel to Thessaloniki to inaugurate the extension of the metro (a happy day for AKTOR chief executive Alexandros Exarchou  whose company built it) and to confer with all the local bodies on the city’s major projects. Mitsotakis usually does this  visiting the city before the Fair itself  on the logic that “we are not coming here for a few hours’ show  we are preparing properly.”August gasAt the Ministry of Environment and Energy  August was anything but a month of holidays. Minister Stavros Papastavrou  together with Tourism Minister Olga Kefalogianni  first brought into force the new Special Spatial Framework for Tourism  and a few days later followed it with the new Special Spatial Framework for renewable energy sources  drawn up together with his deputy ministers Nikos Tsafos and Marilena Soukouli  which has already drawn objections from Turkey. In between  French investment group Meridiam’s entry as majority investor in the Great Sea Interconnector gave fresh momentum to the project and to the wider plan for an electricity link between Greece  Cyprus and Israel  while towards the end of the month an institutional block was also placed on so-called “energy tourism ” the practice of strategic non-payers switching electricity supplier to dodge their bills. The coming months look set to be interesting too: the go-ahead for the marine park in the Aegean is expected within the next few weeks.Dourou’s transfer windowAs Olga Gerovasili is also set to formally leave SYRIZA (the main left-wing opposition party) in the coming period  I am told that Rena Dourou  leader of SYRIZA’s parliamentary group  is looking for new recruits so that she is not left speaking after Kyriakos Velopoulos  leader of the Greek Solution party  in parliament. While Tsipras is filming a documentary and preparing to travel to Thessaloniki to present his economic programme  SYRIZA is trying to win back some of the MPs who left after the 2024 incidents at the bouzouki club  such as Kyriaki Malama  Yiota Poulou and Alexandros Avlonitis  while also talking to some of the independents and to Nea Aristera (New Left). The aim is to gather around 13 to 15 MPs  although the prospects of electoral success are decidedly slim  and at some point Pavlos Polakis is expected to challenge Dourou for the leadership when it comes to the vote.Andreas G. Papandreou preparesThe Papandreou name still seems to stir part of the PASOK electorate  let alone the name “Andreas Papandreou.” So the son of former Prime Minister George Papandreou and grandson of PASOK’s founder  Andreas  is ready to stand as a parliamentary candidate in the Heraklion constituency  where this year’s 3 September event will also be held. Some even claim he has already begun campaigning. I hurried to ask him whether the rumours were true. He replied politely  while leaving the door wide open: “It is still early for statements  we will come back to it in due course as to whether or not my candidacy stands.” He added: “I believe the party’s democratic statutory procedures must be followed  and I respect that  while keeping discussions on public matters at a certain level.” Andreas G. Papandreou lives permanently in Crete. He studied Sociology in Sweden  has delved into alternative forms of acupuncture  and even teaches bee-sting acupuncture. He is the father of one child. It should be noted that he resigned some time ago from his unpaid position on the board of the National Garden  which falls under the Municipality of Athens  a post to which he had been nominated by Athens Mayor Haris Doukas.The two Spetses tip-offs  and the helicopterYou may have read about the helicopter that landed on the beach at Zogeria in Spetses  resulting in the arrest of one passenger for possession of small quantities of drugs. What you will not have read is that the brazen pilot and the passengers who landed on the beach were reported by two women from well-known shipowning families  families that between them control around 250 vessels and roughly €15 billion. Not that the two women were wrong to complain…Government versus servicers: the nerves before the penaltyAnd now to market news  starting with the most significant piece of financial news from the weekend  Proto Thema’s report headlined “government tightens the noose on servicers.” Regular readers may recall that before the summer break this column had already flagged the relevant intentions  but matters have now moved on considerably  since measures targeting servicers have been folded into the Thessaloniki package. According to the report  the new round of pressure on servicers will concern the number of settlement arrangements on offer and the way borrowers are treated when they try to find a solution. Still according to the “b.s.” report  the new round of pressure “will  at a second level  also be aimed at the banks.” On that last point  this column reserves judgement  since the banks have already moved non-performing loans off their balance sheets  the measures are being drawn up by the Ministry of Finance together with the Bank of Greece  no one has any interest in seeing the stock market fall  and the banks in any case have defences in place  running large share buyback programmes as they are. For the servicers  however  the situation is serious  because the measures will affect them directly  and they come on top of the recent Supreme Court ruling on borrowers protected under the Katseli Law. The Ministry of Finance’s measures will act as a catalyst  either speeding up or freezing consolidation moves in the sector  such as CEPAL’s initiative regarding Intrum.Prodea  the two quick shipowners  and the slideThe share buyback programme approved by Prodea’s general meeting on 5 August appears to have helped the stock recover  climbing from its all-time low of €2.58 (against a nominal share value of €2.71) to close at €2.96 on Friday. Good news  since the stock had failed to recover after the €1.50 dividend distribution made on 16 June. On that day the shares fell from €5.45 to €3.82  and the pressure has continued ever since  sending the stock to historic lows. Signs of life  and of resistance  appeared after Prodea’s decision to buy back 0.49 per cent of its paid-up share capital (1 300 000 shares) at a minimum price of €2 per share and a maximum of €5. The rumours this column has picked up are that the pressure on Prodea began because of an agreement its main shareholder struck with two Greek shipowners  namely G. Economou and the son of Moundreas  who acquired stakes in the real estate investment company. After the €1.50 dividend distribution  the two shipowners wanted to cash out but found no takers. You can probably imagine the rest  and now  with the buyback  the situation seems to be easing  at least in part.METLEN’s “next chapter” (after Protos) and the short sellers’ retreatWhen problems emerged at METLEN’s Protos plant  the company was clearly rattled  not only because of the project’s difficulties but also because nothing like it had happened to them before. That said  it was also one of the reasons behind a change in how they approach project execution  introducing new types of controls and altering their governance once they grasped the full extent of the issues affecting these projects. That is roughly how the transformation came about  with the old MPP folded under M RESET  creating the Energy Transition platform within the group’s broader restructuring. The point  in any case  is that these older projects were never METLEN’s core business  so the way it takes on such projects is now being reassessed. And of course  it will not be taking on any more waste-to-energy projects. After Protos passed its “first fire” milestone and entered the final stretch  METLEN appears to be opening its next chapter and focusing on what it does well  rather than on the “legacy” activities  as they were referred to on the company’s conference call. Meanwhile  after the half-year results were announced and during the course of August  the Aggregate Net Short Position reported to the UK’s Financial Conduct Authority fell to 8.84 per cent  with more than a million shares exiting short positions altogether since 4 August  when the figure stood at 9.65 per cent. On 11 August alone  a reduction of 573 705 shares was recorded. Following the strong half-year results and record EBITDA of €550 million  it appears that some of the investors who had bet on the share price falling are now choosing to reduce their exposure rather than increase it. It will be interesting to see how they move from here  particularly after the announcement on the Protos milestone.The three Fridays that redrew PPC’s mapOn 20 August  at 11pm London time  Morgan Stanley issued a new report titled “From Local to Regional.” It raised PPC’s (Public Power Corporation’s) price target to €27.50 from €27  kept it in the Overweight category  and additionally named PPC its “Top Pick” among utilities in the EMEA region. Today  PPC’s shares open trading at €21.84. The trigger for the new Morgan Stanley report (the bank  worth noting  acted as underwriter in PPC’s recent public share offering and  by its own account  holds more than 1 per cent of PPC’s shares) came from three announcements made on three consecutive Fridays  from late July into early August: entry into the Polish market  entry into the Hungarian market  and a third portfolio acquisition in Hungary and Poland  together with the relevant project development team. Morgan Stanley itself titled its note “Three Fridays  Three Transactions.” Together  the deals add up to 2.5 GW signed  against a target of 2.2 GW set out in April’s Strategic Plan for Hungary  Poland and Slovakia through to 2030. The target was met before the five-year period had even begun. Analysts are now pencilling in that 70 per cent of the international capacity target will be operational by 2030. The report does  however  flag two caveats: 87 per cent of the contracted capacity remains under development  and financial terms were disclosed for only one of the three deals. PPC’s growth story is now in full swing: installed capacity is set to rise from 12.4 GW today to 18.8 GW by 2028  the dividend from €0.40 to €1.20  with average annual earnings-per-share growth estimated at 22 per cent through to 2030. Today  worth €13.2 billion  PPC is the fourth-largest company on the Athens Stock Exchange (Euronext Athens)  ahead of Piraeus Bank (€12.4 billion). In the summer of 2019  PPC’s market value stood at just €390 million.The IKEA that left  and thoughts of IKEA PreownedOn Saturday  the “small IKEA” at 10-12 Dimitriou Gounari Street  in Piraeus’s Megaro Politou building  pulled down its shutters for good. After almost five years in operation  the experiment of “city-centre IKEAs ” launched with high ambitions  turned out to be high-cost and relatively low-return. Staff are being transferred to the Kifisos store  and the number of IKEA outlets in Greece falls from 13 to 12. The decision is part of the wider restructuring plan at the 75-year-old Fourlis Group. Ten loss-making stores are closing across all the group’s concepts  250 to 300 staff are taking voluntary redundancy  one-off costs of €10.7 million are expected this year  and recurring annual savings of at least €9 million are projected from 2027. On 7 August  this was preceded by the transfer of a 50 per cent stake in the Sofia South Ring Mall to Trade Estates  for €49.35 million. At the same time  the Swedish giant is trialling its next move: second-hand goods. The corresponding platform  IKEA Preowned  is already running in Sweden  Norway  Spain  Portugal and Poland  targeting 170 000 listings in 2026. It will also launch in Britain  offering sellers a 15 per cent gift-card bonus and charging buyers a 5 per cent protection fee. IKEA products already account for 10 per cent of the global second-hand household goods market. In Greece  Fourlis management is examining the model  possibly alongside a store closure plan  although no final decisions have yet been taken.Greeks are buying time  not just shipsThe orders themselves are already known. What is more interesting is why major Greek shipping names have decided to commit billions of dollars to shipyards right now  with deliveries stretching out to 2030. Dynacom is dramatically expanding its exposure to VLCCs (Very Large Crude Carriers)  Kriton Lentoudis is investing in LR1 product tankers  while the Pantheon group of Anna Angelicoussis  Goldenport of Yiannis Dragnis  Centrofin of Dimitris and Ioannis Prokopiou  Minerva of Andreas Martinos Jr  and TOP Ships of Evangelos Pistiolis are all opening or reinforcing different investment fronts. The common thread is not a particular type of ship but the belief that carrying capacity will remain valuable  as trade routes lengthen  geopolitical crises multiply  and environmental regulations put pressure on older vessels. Greek owners are also taking advantage of high prices for second-hand tonnage  selling older ships and redirecting the proceeds into newbuilds with lower fuel consumption and a longer commercial horizon. In effect  they are buying today the fleet they expect the market will need after 2028. There is  of course  a risk. If a large number of newbuilds are delivered at the same time  the supply of capacity will increase. But the big Greek groups are betting that plenty of older ships will have been scrapped by then. Above all  they are betting that global shipping will not soon return to the calm  short  low-cost routes of the past.Frangou’s $700 million cushionAngeliki Frangou’s investment in seven newbuild VLCCs is already public knowledge. The detail that deserves closer attention is that Navios Maritime Partners did not leave an investment worth $843.5 million entirely exposed to the swings of the spot market. Through multi-year charters  it has secured roughly $700 million in contracted revenue. That is the real message behind the move. Frangou wants to take part in the large VLCC market while at the same time building a substantial cushion against any future fall in freight rates. With a large share of future revenue already secured  financing the ships  servicing the debt  and planning cash flow all become easier. The choice carries even greater weight at a time when a single voyage can prove extremely profitable  yet the underlying conditions can be overturned within hours because of a blockade  an attack  or a sudden change of route. Navios  then  is not betting solely on high freight rates. It is investing in the decisive role it expects large crude tankers to play in the new energy landscape. At the same time  it is ensuring that a large share of the return is locked in before the ships are even delivered. In shipping  after all  getting the charter right can matter just as much as buying the ship itself.Pappas keeps his cash for the next dealDiana Shipping’s withdrawal from the race for Genco also closed the window on Star Bulk  led by Petros Pappas  acquiring 16 ships from the company. That much is already known. What the market is now discussing is whether Pappas will look elsewhere for a similar opportunity or choose to wait. Star Bulk is under no pressure to move immediately. With eight newbuilds due for delivery during 2026  its fleet will reach roughly 138 ships and 13.8 million dwt. At the same time  it has already covered 62 per cent of available days for the third quarter at an average Time Charter Equivalent rate of around $23 547 a day. In other words  it has size  revenue and the luxury of time on its side. That is precisely why its next move is worth watching. Pappas has shown  through the Eagle Bulk merger  that he prefers deals that shift the balance of the market rather than picking up a handful of ships with no strategic depth. The Genco episode also showed that Star Bulk was ready to absorb a significant number of bulk carriers quickly  provided the price made sense. The deal did not go through  but the appetite for it remains.One press release sparked a $44 billion rallyIt took five years and a single trading session for Moderna to rewrite its own history. The company that became a household name worldwide thanks to its pandemic vaccines  and then went on to lose almost 90 per cent of its value ($170 billion in vanished market capitalisation)  surged 177 per cent last Wednesday to $174.38  on trading volume around 20 times its usual level. In a single day  its market capitalisation went from $25 billion to $69 billion. By Friday  the market had already given back some of that enthusiasm  closing near $145. The trigger was the announcement on the personalised mRNA cancer “vaccine” being developed with Merck  which appears to have met its targets in the first successful Phase 3 trial of such a therapy in history. In 1 137 patients with surgically removed  high-risk melanoma  the combination with Keytruda significantly delayed relapse and metastasis. The therapy “reads” each patient’s tumour genome and builds an individual formulation  with up to 34 neoantigens per patient. It is already being trialled in nine further studies covering lung  bladder and kidney cancer. There are  of course  some details that temper the investor excitement. The two companies did not publish figures or financial data  only the verdict from independent monitors that the improvements were “statistically significant and clinically meaningful.” In other words  Wall Street paid $44 billion for a press release. But it paid for something else too: shares in BioNTech (+22 per cent) and Pfizer (+3.7 per cent) rose in the same session. It re-rated the technology  not the stock. On the other side of the coin  the very same mRNA technology that Wall Street gilded is being devalued in Washington. US Health Secretary Robert F. Kennedy Jr has cancelled half a billion dollars in federal mRNA programmes  including a $600 million contract with Moderna itself. In biotechnology  it seems  science runs the experiments  politics makes the mistakes  and the market cashes the cheque.An equation with two unknown XsTwo unofficial appointments are set to close out Wall Street’s summer  with the S&P 500 sitting just 2 per cent below its record high of 7 800 points. The day after tomorrow  Wednesday  after the New York close  the world’s largest listed company reports its quarterly results. Exactly 42 hours later  on Friday morning  the new chairman of the Federal Reserve steps up to the podium at Jackson Hole for the first time. The first unknown in the equation is Nvidia. The market expects quarterly revenue of around $92 billion and earnings of $2.08 a share  almost double last year’s figure. In the equivalent quarter four years ago  before ChatGPT entered our lives  revenue stood at $6.7 billion. Since then  Nvidia’s shares have gained 1 149 per cent  against 85 per cent for the S&P 500. With a market capitalisation of more than $5 trillion  it is now extremely difficult for the company to impress the market with its results. Analysts are pencilling in annual revenue of around $400 billion  up from $215 billion the previous financial year. Any figure below expectations would trigger disappointment. The Philadelphia Semiconductor Index already shed 5 per cent last week. The second unknown  X  is Kevin Warsh. He took office in May  succeeding Jerome Powell  and has already scrapped his predecessors’ main tool  guiding markets on the future path of interest rates. The Fed’s July meeting  with three dissents within the Federal Open Market Committee  left markets without a compass. The yield on the 30-year US Treasury bond climbed to its highest level since 2007  forcing the US Treasury to double its buybacks of long-dated bonds. Wall Street knows everything about Nvidia’s chips and almost nothing about the way Warsh thinks. What it wants  above all  is predictability.,neutral,0.0,0.8,0.2,mixed,0.19,0.16,0.66,True,English,"['public money', 'Thessaloniki Fair', 'George Papandreou', 'Mitsotakis', 'order', 'ripe', 'Tsipras', 'Samaras', 'Spetses', 'offs', 'son', 'Heraklion', 'Thessaloniki International Fair (TIF) season', 'Deputy Minister Thanos Petralias', 'Prime Minister Kyriakos Mitsotakis', 'last five years', 'additional social benefits', 'Thessaloniki pre-election package', 'two political groupings', 'first cabinet meeting', 'sidelined party figures', 'European Public Prosecutor', 'Thessaloniki Fair', 'Kyriakos Pierrakakis', 'key figures', 'Cabinet agenda', 'political temperature', 'political scene', 'European funding', 'governing party', 'European rules', 'party lines', 'public contracts', 'public support', 'Protothema.gr', 'quiet Athens', 'normal rhythm', 'good summer', 'huge fire', 'Porto Germeno', 'final stretch', 'National Economy', 'final approval', 'likely scenario', 'sudden flare-up', 'proper context', 'scrupulous oversight', 'particular types', 'single euro', 'greatest interest', 'August holidays', 'expensive campaigns', 'recent past', 'recyclable faces', 'conservative camp', 'several others', 'New Democracy', 'coming period', 'real anxiety', 'particular emphasis', 'historic significance', 'first time', 'future generations', 'spending ceilings', 'August break', '60 per cent', 'public money', 'ten days', 'Antonis Samaras', 'fierce criticism', 'Samaras safari', 'state money', 'Alexis Tsipras', 'debt relief', 'election period', 'Newsroom', 'Google', 'grip', 'heatwave', 'tourism', 'hospitality', 'Attica', 'lives', 'people', 'duty', 'vote', 'spring', 'government', 'desks', 'measures', 'Finance', 'everything', 'outline', 'changes', 'corrections', '6 September', 'surprises', 'answer', 'mind', 'today', 'run', 'detail', 'scandals', 'corruption', 'rumours', 'source', 'Maximos', 'office', 'machinery', 'advertising', 'matter', 'management', 'companies', 'top', 'colleagues', 'dependencies', 'exercise', 'projects', 'maturity', 'halt', 'bananas', 'greenhouse', 'Paros', 'Astypalea', 'course', 'preparation', 'members', 'Tatoulis', 'Tzavaras', 'Mazis', 'names', 'Salmas', 'case', 'region', 'repayments', 'burden', 'reason', 'narrative', 'willingness', 'opposition', 'Δείτε', 'ερισσότε', 'ρθρ', 'μας', 'ποτελ', 'σμα', 'ζήτησης']",2026-08-24,2026-08-25,en.protothema.gr
