UID,Searchword,API,URL,Title,Summary,Article,Title_Sentiment,Title_Positive,Title_Neutral,Title_Negative,Article_Sentiment,Article_Positive,Article_Neutral,Article_Negative,Verified,Language,Topics,Date,Load_Date,Source
16111,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,Germany’s BaFin tells Eurex Clearing  Clearstream to clean up organisational deficiencies https://t.co/NENyOrXZbH,nan,Germany’s BaFin tells Eurex Clearing  Clearstream to clean up organisational deficiencies https://t.co/NENyOrXZbH,neutral,0.05,0.65,0.3,neutral,0.05,0.65,0.3,True,English,"['Eurex Clearing', 'organisational deficiencies', 'Germany', 'BaFin', 'Clearstream', 'NENyOrXZbH', 'Eurex Clearing', 'organisational deficiencies', 'Germany', 'BaFin', 'Clearstream', 'NENyOrXZbH']",2023-01-25,2023-01-30,Unknown
16911,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,The Zug-based crypto firm is now eyeing to list the new product on Xetra Deutsche Boerse....Read more: https://t.co/tkZaWsTNMl,nan,The Zug-based crypto firm is now eyeing to list the new product on Xetra Deutsche Boerse....Read more: https://t.co/tkZaWsTNMl,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.01,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.01,True,English,"['The Zug-based crypto firm', 'Xetra Deutsche Boerse', 'new product', 'The Zug-based crypto firm', 'Xetra Deutsche Boerse', 'new product']",2023-01-22,2023-01-30,Unknown
16926,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,🇪🇺 SPEECH || Christine Lagarde  President of the ECB  at the Deutsche Börse Annual Reception in Eschborn: New chall… https://t.co/rnrrpAOxg7,nan,🇪🇺 SPEECH || Christine Lagarde  President of the ECB  at the Deutsche Börse Annual Reception in Eschborn: New chall… https://t.co/rnrrpAOxg7,neutral,0.08,0.9,0.02,neutral,0.08,0.9,0.02,True,English,"['Deutsche Börse Annual Reception', 'Christine Lagarde', 'SPEECH', 'President', 'ECB', 'Eschborn', 'Deutsche Börse Annual Reception', 'Christine Lagarde', 'SPEECH', 'President', 'ECB', 'Eschborn']",2023-01-23,2023-01-30,Unknown
16927,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,#Markets_today ⚡️📰#ECB President Christine Lagarde is set to present a speech at the Deutsche Börse Annual Recept… https://t.co/4Q5oWJfbw1,nan,#Markets_today ⚡️📰#ECB President Christine Lagarde is set to present a speech at the Deutsche Börse Annual Recept… https://t.co/4Q5oWJfbw1,neutral,0.1,0.89,0.01,neutral,0.1,0.89,0.01,True,English,"['Deutsche Börse Annual Recept', 'speech', 'Q5oWJfbw1', 'Deutsche Börse Annual Recept', 'speech', 'Q5oWJfbw1']",2023-01-23,2023-01-30,Unknown
16928,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,Updates ⚡️📺#ECB President Christine #Lagarde is set to present a speech at the Deutsche Börse Annual Reception in… https://t.co/CP8TTXOCYf,nan,Updates ⚡️📺#ECB President Christine #Lagarde is set to present a speech at the Deutsche Börse Annual Reception in… https://t.co/CP8TTXOCYf,neutral,0.07,0.91,0.02,neutral,0.07,0.91,0.02,True,English,"['Deutsche Börse Annual Reception', 'Updates', 'speech', 'CP8TTXOCYf', 'Deutsche Börse Annual Reception', 'Updates', 'speech', 'CP8TTXOCYf']",2023-01-23,2023-01-30,Unknown
16929,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,The ECB president is scheduled to speak at the Deutsche Börse annual reception on Monday at 8:45 p.m. EAT. Volatili… https://t.co/jPUobPkRD4,nan,The ECB president is scheduled to speak at the Deutsche Börse annual reception on Monday at 8:45 p.m. EAT. Volatili… https://t.co/jPUobPkRD4,neutral,0.08,0.91,0.01,neutral,0.08,0.91,0.01,True,English,"['Deutsche Börse annual reception', 'The ECB president', 'Monday', 'EAT.', 'Volatili', 'jPUobPkRD4', '8:45', 'Deutsche Börse annual reception', 'The ECB president', 'Monday', 'EAT.', 'Volatili', 'jPUobPkRD4', '8:45']",2023-01-23,2023-01-30,Unknown
17009,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,$DB1 #DEUTSCHEBOERSE @DeutscheBoerse - Daily: The bearish trend is currently very strong for DEUTSCHE BOERSE NA O.N… https://t.co/hccfnxMf72,nan,$DB1 #DEUTSCHEBOERSE @DeutscheBoerse - Daily: The bearish trend is currently very strong for DEUTSCHE BOERSE NA O.N… https://t.co/hccfnxMf72,neutral,0.1,0.88,0.01,neutral,0.1,0.88,0.01,True,English,"['bearish trend', 'DEUTSCHE BOERSE', 'DEUTSCHEBOERSE', 'Daily', 'bearish trend', 'DEUTSCHE BOERSE', 'DEUTSCHEBOERSE', 'Daily']",2023-01-24,2023-01-30,Unknown
17010,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,$DB1 #DEUTSCHEBOERSE - Daily: The bearish trend is currently very strong for DEUTSCHE BOERSE NA O.N.. As long as th… https://t.co/pQP1hyX5wa,nan,$DB1 #DEUTSCHEBOERSE - Daily: The bearish trend is currently very strong for DEUTSCHE BOERSE NA O.N.. As long as th… https://t.co/pQP1hyX5wa,neutral,0.11,0.87,0.02,neutral,0.11,0.87,0.02,True,English,"['bearish trend', 'DEUTSCHE BOERSE', 'O.N..', 'DEUTSCHEBOERSE', 'Daily', 'bearish trend', 'DEUTSCHE BOERSE', 'O.N..', 'DEUTSCHEBOERSE', 'Daily']",2023-01-24,2023-01-30,Unknown
17011,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,The European economy faces a 'Leopard moment' #Lagarde tells the crowd at Deutsche Börse. Not a reference to the cu… https://t.co/GplrQPxPbd,nan,The European economy faces a 'Leopard moment' #Lagarde tells the crowd at Deutsche Börse. Not a reference to the cu… https://t.co/GplrQPxPbd,neutral,0.06,0.81,0.13,neutral,0.06,0.81,0.13,True,English,"['Deutsche Börse', 'European economy', 'Leopard moment', 'crowd', 'reference', 'cu', 'GplrQPxPbd', 'Deutsche Börse', 'European economy', 'Leopard moment', 'crowd', 'reference', 'cu', 'GplrQPxPbd']",2023-01-24,2023-01-30,Unknown
17192,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,Hurry  the ClearStream Horizon is still 23% off on Amazon for a limited time! Don't miss out on this great deal. Wh… https://t.co/LSycuKRrro,nan,Hurry  the ClearStream Horizon is still 23% off on Amazon for a limited time! Don't miss out on this great deal. Wh… https://t.co/LSycuKRrro,positive,1.0,0.0,0.0,positive,1.0,0.0,0.0,True,English,"['ClearStream Horizon', 'limited time', 'great deal', 'Amazon', 'LSycuKRrro', 'ClearStream Horizon', 'limited time', 'great deal', 'Amazon', 'LSycuKRrro']",2023-01-26,2023-01-30,Unknown
17193,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,“Vermeg and Clearstream are creating a unique solution that will enable banks to benefit from the best operational… https://t.co/KjNxrMoesu,nan,“Vermeg and Clearstream are creating a unique solution that will enable banks to benefit from the best operational… https://t.co/KjNxrMoesu,positive,0.63,0.37,0.0,positive,0.63,0.37,0.0,True,English,"['unique solution', 'best operational', 'Vermeg', 'Clearstream', 'banks', 'KjNxrMoesu', 'unique solution', 'best operational', 'Vermeg', 'Clearstream', 'banks', 'KjNxrMoesu']",2023-01-26,2023-01-30,Unknown
17194,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,Clearstream and Vermeg launch STP collateral management solution connected to ECMS - “Vermeg and Clearstream are c… https://t.co/QovFyeMo4v,nan,Clearstream and Vermeg launch STP collateral management solution connected to ECMS - “Vermeg and Clearstream are c… https://t.co/QovFyeMo4v,neutral,0.05,0.94,0.01,neutral,0.05,0.94,0.01,True,English,"['STP collateral management solution', 'Clearstream', 'Vermeg', 'ECMS', 'QovFyeMo4v', 'STP collateral management solution', 'Clearstream', 'Vermeg', 'ECMS', 'QovFyeMo4v']",2023-01-26,2023-01-30,Unknown
17323,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,The more things change  the more branches still matter #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/DxT8W7onH0 #regtech,nan,The more things change  the more branches still matter #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/DxT8W7onH0 #regtech,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,True,English,"['things', 'branches', 'Fintech', 'things', 'branches', 'Fintech']",2023-01-28,2023-01-30,Unknown
17324,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,NCUA extends 18% interest ceiling for federal credit unions through 2024 #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/LoWUIbw5Tg #regtech,nan,NCUA extends 18% interest ceiling for federal credit unions through 2024 #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/LoWUIbw5Tg #regtech,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,True,English,"['federal credit unions', '18% interest ceiling', 'NCUA', 'regtech', 'federal credit unions', '18% interest ceiling', 'NCUA', 'regtech']",2023-01-27,2023-01-30,Unknown
17325,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,Yesterday was the last day for customers utilizing Euroclear to sell their cannabis holdings. Today would be likely… https://t.co/ks69PkedOh,nan,Yesterday was the last day for customers utilizing Euroclear to sell their cannabis holdings. Today would be likely… https://t.co/ks69PkedOh,neutral,0.04,0.95,0.01,neutral,0.04,0.95,0.01,True,English,"['last day', 'cannabis holdings', 'Yesterday', 'customers', 'Euroclear', 'last day', 'cannabis holdings', 'Yesterday', 'customers', 'Euroclear']",2023-01-27,2023-01-30,Unknown
17326,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,Visa's CEO: Falling fintech valuations a 'helpful characteristic' #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/zsUO08AuyF #regtech,nan,Visa's CEO: Falling fintech valuations a 'helpful characteristic' #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/zsUO08AuyF #regtech,neutral,0.22,0.77,0.01,neutral,0.22,0.77,0.01,True,English,"['Falling fintech valuations', 'helpful characteristic', 'Visa', 'CEO', 'Falling fintech valuations', 'helpful characteristic', 'Visa', 'CEO']",2023-01-27,2023-01-30,Unknown
17347,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://seekingalpha.com/article/4573288-stellantis-great-business-with-significant-potential-upside,Stellantis: Great Business With Significant Potential Upside (NYSE:STLA),Stellantis has double-digit market share in over 12 countries. Read more to see my thoughts on STLA stock and why we rate this stock a Strong Buy.,"Bill Pugliano/Getty Images NewsCompany description:Stellantis N.V. (NYSE:STLA) is an automotive business which design  engineering  manufacturing  distribution  and sale of automobiles and light commercial vehicles  engines  transmission systems  metallurgical products  and production systems worldwide. It provides luxury  premium  and mainstream passenger vehicles; pickup trucks  sport utility vehicles  and commercial vehicles; and parts and services  as well as retail and dealer financing  leasing  and rental services.The business was formed in 2021 as a 50-50 merger between Fiat Chrysler and PSA Group and is listed on the Italian Borsa and French Euronext. This makes Stellantis the 5th largest automaker in the world.Stellantis owns several regionally significant brands including Vauxhall  Fiat  Dodge and Citroen. As well as luxury brands with Alfa and Maserati.Stellantis Brands (Stellantis)What initially drew our interest in Stellantis was its absurdly low valuation. It is so low that there must be something incredibly wrong with this company. If this isn't the case  Stellantis could be one of the best investments made in 2023. Within this paper  we will look to conduct an overarching analysis of the business  including an assessment of current economic conditions  key trends in the automotive industry and an assessment of their current financials. We will conclude with a relative analysis against peers  with an eye on valuation.Economic considerations:Economic conditions began to deteriorate in 2022  with GDP growth beginning to slow  and in many cases decline. The US saw two successive quarters of negative growth in 2022  although did bounce back in H2'22.US Economic Growth (Trading Economics)The leading contributing factor to this is increasing interest rates around the world. Greater rates make it far more expensive for consumers to borrow  while also increasing their cost of living. This has been purposely done to cool demand  as inflation is currently at unsustainable rates. This continues to be driven by supply chain issues and rising energy prices. This has been very hard on many consumers  as they see their income deteriorate on both fronts.Going forward  we expect things to continue to weaken. Inflation expectations remain high in many nations with interest rates forecast to grow further in the US  UK and Eurozone. The 10-year / 3-month yield curve inverted in late 2022  suggesting a recession may be impending. This will further depress consumer sentiment and drive a further decline in demand.10Y/3M Yield Curve (FRED)This is likely to be an issue for Stellantis as if consumers are struggling to meet their current obligations  discretionary spending / significant outlays will be deferred or cancelled. Those who must purchase an automobile will likely go for a cheaper option  being the second-hand market.Change in the market fundamentals:The automotive industry operated historically as a two-tiered system. New cars would be readily available and subsequently sold into the second-hand market  losing value. This has not been the case post-COVID. Now  many consumers are unable to get their hands on even base model vehicles  having to wait several months to over a year. This has led to price-gauging and a boom in the secondary market  in many cases exceeding the RRP price. A contributing factor to the change in characteristics is supply chain issues. Vehicles are becoming more complex and require a greater number of chips. Not only vehicles but everything with technology in society currently  leading to a serious shortage in many other items.Semiconductor shortage (McKinsey)McKinsey sees automotive businesses ordering 10-20% more chips than they need but this has yet to have an impact. Long-term  we expect chip management to be better and a normalization of this craziness  but that is several years in the future yet.So  what does this mean for Stellantis? Well  we see this as a ""soft-landing"" mechanism. What we mean by that is the rules of engagement have changed  vehicle demand has exceeded supply for at least 2 years  with many consumers either waiting or looking at other vehicles. Many will have purchased a Stellantis Group car because they couldn't get their preferred choice. Further  those who have waited may finally get the chance to purchase in 2023 and feel compelled to take up the option. Should we enter a recessionary environment  we envisage the change in demand Y/Y to be less drastic when compared to prior occurrences.When we look at shipments  this seems to support our hypothesis. YTD shipments remain relatively flat when compared to a period with heightened demand.Q3 Investor reporting (Stellantis)Geographical and brand considerations:Brand:One of Stellantis' weaknesses is that they do not own any market leading brands. If we consider some of the many categories for vehicles  Stellantis is always on the second tier.Hatchback - Ford (F) Fiesta and Volkswagen (OTCPK:VWAGY) Polo are superior to the Vauxhall Corsa and Fiat 500.Sedan / Saloon - Toyota (TM) Camry and Honda Civic are superior to the Peugeot 508 / Vauxhall Insignia.Luxury Sedan / Saloon - BMW (OTCPK:BMWYY) 3/4 Series are superior to the Alfa Romeo Giulia.SUV - Chevrolet (GM) Silverado is superior to the Ram pickup.Luxury - Ferrari (RACE) Roma is superior to the Maserati MC20.We do not consider this a bad thing and did not go through the exercise as a criticism  just that we must understand Stellantis' relative position in the market when compared to others. Stellantis offer fantastic vehicles but do not blow the market away. They are a jack-of-all-trades but master of none.Geography:Stellantis earned c.82% of YTD'22 revenues from 2 key markets  North America and Europe. Growth geographically has come from Stellantis' smaller markets  with NA and Europe stagnating somewhat.We should note that Stellantis was not materially impacted by pulling out of Russia  following its invasion of Ukraine.Net revenue by location (Q3 Investor pack)Stellantis has significant market share in all 4 of its key markets. 2020 is an outlier year and so comparing sales would be a folly  we have yet to return to pre-COVID levels clearly. Looking at the regional split  we definitely see this stagnation and growth split. When we consider this on a market share basis  we see growth in SA  which is impressive  but the stagnation in NA and Europe look to be at least partially driven by a decline in market share.Asia is clearly not a market that is a priority of Stellantis  and we think this is a shrewd decision. Competition in the region is rife  these firms have greater financial resources and in some cases are nationally protected.Stellantis sales breakdown (FY21 accounts)We are not too concerned with the stagnation in Europe and NA  the markets are mature  and competition is high. We would like to continually see growth in SA  as this is an area to exploit  given their already impressive market share.EV revolution:Many nations have committed to the complete cessation of petrol / diesel powered vehicles on the road within the next few decades. Led by Tesla (TSLA)  automotive businesses are racing to develop EVs that consumers want to buy. Consumer's requirements come in the form of a business which can easily replicate all the benefits of a combustion engine vehicle  with none of the downsides. The biggest requirement is ease of charging and battery life. From a business perspective  this of course means the development of an electric engine and battery  but also the connectivity to readily accessible battery stations.Stellantis have done a great job with this  having grown its BEV (Battery electric vehicle) sales 41% Y/Y  with impressive growth in LEVs (Low emission vehicle) too. The Fiat 500 BEV is the leading vehicle in Europe  with an estimated 20% market share  having overtaken Tesla. Further  Management intends to launch a further 4 EV by 2025  including the first ever full-electric Jeep.Looking ahead  EV growth is forecast at a CAGR of 17%  which will only increase as we approach the end of the combustion engine era.EV sales (Statista)We see this as a great opportunity for growth  as Stellantis can utilize its strategic approach to the Fiat 500 and roll this out across its other leading brands. This certainly has the ability to revitalize the brand's growth efforts in NA and Europe.Financials:Stellantis - Financials (Tikr Terminal)Given the transaction date  there are not any real historical financials to compare. Looking at the previous iteration of this combination  we see:Fiat - Revenue grew at a CAGR of 9.5% but stagnated for 3 years. EBITDA followed suit  growing 11.1%. FCF-Y was -1.7% and ROE was 0.1%. Long story short  pretty disappointing.Peugeot - The business struggled post-COVID but performed far better in the latter half of the period.(Source: Tikr Terminal).The current version looks far more impressive. The business has grown revenue well into the LTM period and earns a NI margin of 9%. Management attribute this to greater efficiency stemming from the business combination. Much of this transfers straight into FCF  allowing for sustainable funding of dividends and buybacks.From a balance sheet perspective  the business boasts an impressive 28% ROE. This equity balance comprises 50BN in intangibles  leaving asset value of c.€15BN.Inventory turnover has decreased due to greater inventory held by the business in the LTM. This reflects a gradual slowing down we have experienced since the post-COVID period. This has not impacted cash management in any material way  although does increase the risk of the ability to move stock should demand aggressively fall.The Group holds a mammoth €47BN in cash  which is equivalent to €14.63 per share. For context  the current share price at the time of writing is c.€14. On a net cash basis  this is c.€5.96 per share. Investors can in effect purchase this business for less than €10-a-share. There is of course the risk that management wastes the money  but investors have the ability to mitigate this risk.Given the cash identified  it is no surprise that we do not see any credit risk with the business. They have great coverage of their interest payments and are cash generative.Outlook:Analyst consensus forecast (Tikr Terminal)Analysts forecast very steady revenue growth in the next 4 years  with margins expected to contract from 14% in the LTM period to 13% in FY26F. Further FCF-Y is expected to decline also  falling to 3%.This is likely driven by 2 factors. Firstly  greater investment will be required in the development of more EVs and better technology. We have already seen above that R&D spending is increasing period-on-period. Secondly  the business will likely need to trade some margin in order to remain price competitive in the market.With Stellantis' cash balance  we do not see this is a concern. Dividends / BB can be maintained while cash flow is reinvested.Peer group analysis:Peer group analysis (Tikr Terminal)What initially stands out when comparing Stellantis to its peers is the superior profitability. The business is far more profitability on every metric. Even if we compare analyst forecast metrics of margin decline  Stellantis remains superior. A portion of this is inevitably due to the fact the business is far more conservatively financed.Where the business lacks is in growth. Analysts forecast Stellantis to be one of the weakest going forward  which suggests their relatively strong performance in the EV space is not going to be enough. We concur with this assessment as the driving force of growth is the relative attractiveness of the cars. We've already established that Stellantis' fleet is not a market leader.Overall  if one balances superior profitability with inferior growth  the net should be a business which trades around the average of its peers.Valuation:peer group valuation (Tikr Terminal)Finally  we reach what piqued out interest in the business  a 1x EBITDA multiple. The business is trading at a level far below its competitors on every metric. If Stellantis traded in line with its peers  which realistically will not happen via price expansion  the upside would be 871%.We are looking at this business and struggling to apply a fair value  markets seem to have completely mispriced this asset. Taking a conservative view and considering the average EV/EBITDA multiple in the last 1.5-years  we get an upside of 63%.What we must also acknowledge is the current dividend rate  which  based on the current share price  suggests a yield of 7.4%. With the amount of cash the business has and the lack of risk over FCF positivity  this can be maintained.Risks:This investment does not come without risks  we identify the following as potential areas of concern:Inflation deteriorating margins if the business cannot pass on rising costs.Dilution of shares  which Fiat had done for many years in its history.Greater capex in order to push forward with the shift to EV.Current energy prices putting off combustion engine purchases.Conclusion:Stellantis is the perfect example of an above average business. It has a great fleet of brands and covers the entire spectrum of automobiles. The business combination looks to be a success  with the group boasting market leading margins.The problems we see are with slowing demand from economic conditions and the stagnation of sales in NA and Europe. One of these factors is short-term and may be soft due to robust demand for vehicles which has not been satisfied. The second point is a systemic problem  but our hope is that their EV offerings revitalize their brands. At least for now  however  we can reflect both risks by demanding an attractive valuation.Stellantis' upside potential we see is their growth in South America  the large cash balance  margin superiority and successful foray into EVs.It is difficult to comment on valuation because it is the definition of an outlier. To say there is upside on the table goes without saying  but it is difficult to say how much. Our view is that if Tavares is given the time and ability to execute a relatively good transition into the EV era  this stock will increase significantly. If this doesn't occur  enjoy the dividends and FCF.We rate this stock a strong buy.Editor's Note: This article discusses one or more securities that do not trade on a major U.S. exchange. Please be aware of the risks associated with these stocks.",positive,1.0,0.0,0.0,mixed,0.09,0.07,0.84,True,English,"['Significant Potential Upside', 'Great Business', 'Stellantis', 'NYSE', 'STLA', '10-year / 3-month yield curve', 'several regionally significant brands', '10Y/3M Yield Curve', 'Getty Images News', '5th largest automaker', 'two successive quarters', 'rising energy prices', 'Q3 Investor reporting', 'supply chain issues', 'mainstream passenger vehicles', 'sport utility vehicles', 'base model vehicles', 'leading contributing factor', 'market leading brands', 'many other items', 'light commercial vehicles', 'Stellantis N.V.', 'current economic conditions', 'Stellantis Group car', 'US Economic Growth', 'significant outlays', 'luxury brands', 'other vehicles', 'PSA Group', 'Economic considerations', 'current financials', 'GDP growth', 'negative growth', 'current obligations', 'Stellantis Brands', 'second-hand market', 'market fundamentals', 'secondary market', 'many cases', 'many nations', 'many categories', 'Bill Pugliano', 'transmission systems', 'production systems', 'pickup trucks', 'dealer financing', '50-50 merger', 'Italian Borsa', 'French Euronext', 'low valuation', 'best investments', 'overarching analysis', 'key trends', 'automotive industry', 'relative analysis', 'The US', 'Trading Economics', 'Greater rates', 'unsustainable rates', 'consumer sentiment', 'discretionary spending', 'two-tiered system', 'New cars', 'RRP price', 'greater number', 'serious shortage', 'Semiconductor shortage', 'automotive businesses', 'chip management', 'soft-landing"" mechanism', 'preferred choice', 'recessionary environment', 'prior occurrences', 'second tier', 'F) Fiesta', 'TM) Cam', 'several years', 'many consumers', 'interest rates', 'Company description', 'rental services', 'Inflation expectations', 'cheaper option', 'YTD shipments', 'brand considerations', 'Vauxhall Corsa', ""Stellantis' weaknesses"", 'Fiat Chrysler', 'vehicle demand', '2 years', 'Fiat 500', 'STLA', 'design', 'engineering', 'manufacturing', 'distribution', 'sale', 'automobiles', 'engines', 'products', 'premium', 'parts', 'retail', 'world', 'Dodge', 'Citroen', 'Alfa', 'Maserati', 'something', 'paper', 'assessment', 'peers', 'eye', 'H2', 'cost', 'living', 'income', 'fronts', 'things', 'UK', 'Eurozone', 'late', 'decline', 'Change', 'value', 'COVID', 'hands', 'price-gauging', 'boom', 'characteristics', 'chips', 'everything', 'technology', 'society', 'McKinsey', 'impact', 'normalization', 'craziness', 'future', 'rules', 'engagement', 'chance', 'Y/Y', 'hypothesis', 'period', 'heightened', 'Geographical', 'Hatchback', 'Ford', 'Volkswagen', 'OTCPK', 'VWAGY', 'Polo', 'Sedan', 'Saloon', 'Toyota']",2023-01-28,2023-01-30,seekingalpha.com
17352,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/scilex-holding-company-announces-majority-025500065.html,Scilex Holding Company Announces that its Majority Stockholder  Sorrento Therapeutics  Inc.  has Issued an “FAQ” Regarding the Dividend of Scilex Holding Company Common Stock,PALO ALTO  Calif.  Jan. 29  2023 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Scilex Holding Company (Nasdaq: SCLX) announced that its majority stockholder  Sorrento Therapeutics...,Sorrento Therapeutics  Inc.PALO ALTO  Calif.  Jan. 29  2023 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Scilex Holding Company (Nasdaq: SCLX) announced that its majority stockholder  Sorrento Therapeutics  Inc. (Nasdaq: SRNE  “Sorrento”) today posted a “Frequently Asked Questions” document under the “Investors” section of its website at www.sorrentotherapeutics.com regarding its recent dividend to Sorrento stockholders of shares of common stock of Scilex Holding Company held by Sorrento.The FAQs address questions regarding the details of the dividend  including the record date  payment date  dividend ratio  distribution of the shares of Scilex common stock  how Sorrento stockholders can obtain certain information regarding the dividend  CUSIP information for Scilex common stock  and transfer restrictions on the dividend stock as well as questions related to issues that may arise with respect to the dividend in connection with short positions in Sorrento common stock.The FAQs and related annexes are included in this press release and can also be found on Scilex’s website https://www.scilexholding.com/investors/faqs/FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONSREGARDING THE DIVIDEND OF SCILEX HOLDING COMPANY COMMON STOCK BY SORRENTO THERAPEUTICS  INC.Q:What is the dividend of Scilex Common Stock?A:On December 30  2022  Sorrento Therapeutics  Inc. ( Sorrento ) announced that its board of directors declared a stock dividend ( Dividend ) consisting of an aggregate of 76 000 000 shares ( Dividend Stock ) of common stock of Scilex Holding Company held by Sorrento to record holders of:Sorrento’s common stock ( Record Common Holders ) as of the close of business on the Record Date  andcertain warrants to purchase Sorrento common stock (which have or may have the right to participate in the Dividend pursuant to the terms of their respective warrants) ( Record Warrant Holders and together with the Record Common Holders  Record Holders ).The Dividend would be apportioned on a pro rata basis among such holders in accordance with each holder’s ownership percentage of Sorrento common stock (assuming the full exercise of all outstanding warrants to purchase Sorrento common stock) as of the Record Date as set forth in the records of Sorrento’s transfer agent (with respect to the Record Common Holders) and Sorrento (with respect to the Record Warrant Holders) as of such date.Story continuesNo fractional shares will be issued in connection with the Dividend and the Record Holders who otherwise would be entitled to receive fractional shares of Scilex common stock are entitled to receive cash (without interest or deduction) in lieu of such fractional shares in an amount equal to the product obtained by multiplying (a) $5.87 (which represents the closing price of Scilex common stock on the Record Date)  by (b) the fraction of one share of Scilex common stock that such Record Holder would have otherwise been entitled to receive as a Dividend in respect of shares of Sorrento common stock held by such Record Holder (after aggregating all such fractional shares otherwise issuable to such Record Holder in connection with the Dividend) ( Cash-in-Lieu Payment ).Q:What was the Record Date for the Dividend?A:The Record Date for determining the Sorrento stockholders who are entitled to receive Dividend Stock was January 9  2023.Q:What was the Payment Date for the Dividend Stock?A:The payment date for the Dividend Stock was January 19  2023 ( Payment Date ).Q:What was the Dividend Ratio?A:The dividend ratio is 0.1410127 of a share of Scilex common stock for each one share of Sorrento common stock held (or underlying the applicable warrants) by the Record Holders as of the close of business on the Record Date.Q:Will I receive Dividend Stock?A:If you are a Record Common Holder  meaning you held Sorrento common stock as of the close of business on the Record Date  you are entitled to receive the Dividend Stock.Q:How do I know if I am a Record Common Holder?A:Stockholder of Record: Shares Registered in Your NameIf at the close of business on January 9  2023  your shares of Sorrento common stock were registered directly in your name with Sorrento’s transfer agent  Pacific Stock Transfer Company ( PST )  then you are the stockholder of record for these shares and a Record Common Holder.Beneficial Owner: Shares Registered in the Name of a Broker  Bank or Other AgentIf at the close of business on January 9  2023  your shares of Sorrento common stock were held  not in your name   but rather in an account at a brokerage firm  bank  dealer or other similar organization  then you are the beneficial owner of shares held in “street name” and the organization holding your account is considered the stockholder of record  or the Record Common Holder  for purposes of the Dividend. As a beneficial owner  you have the right to direct your broker  bank or other agent with respect to the portion of Dividend Stock of which you are a beneficial owner and how it is reflected in your account.Q:What information and documentation was distributed to the Record Common Holders in connection with the Dividend?A:Stockholder of Record: Shares Registered in Your NameIf at the close of business on January 9  2023  your shares of Sorrento common stock were registered directly in your name with Sorrento’s transfer agent  PST  then PST mailed the Information Statement to your address on record with PST. A copy of the Information Statement is attached to this FAQ as Annex A .In addition  on January 19  2023  Scilex’s transfer agent  Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company ( CST )  distributed to you as a Record Common Holder (i) your pro rata portion of the Dividend Stock based on the Dividend Ratio and (ii) a Cash-in-Lieu Payment  if you otherwise were entitled to receive fractional shares of Scilex common stock.The Dividend Stock is evidenced by a book-entry/DRS transaction confirmation ( Dividend Confirmation )  which Dividend Confirmation was mailed to your address on record with Sorrento’s transfer agent  PST. Accordingly  you are now a stockholder of record for your Dividend Stock and your shares are registered directly in your name with Scilex’s transfer agent  CST. If you were entitled to a Cash-in-Lieu Payment  a check for such payment was also mailed to your address on record with PST.Beneficial Owner: Shares Registered in the Name of a Broker  Bank or Other AgentIf at the close of business on January 9  2023  your shares of Sorrento common stock were held  not in your name   but rather in an account at a brokerage firm  bank  dealer or other similar organization  then you are the beneficial owner of shares held in “street name” and the organization holding your account is considered the stockholder of record  or the Record Common Holder  for purposes of the Dividend.As a Record Common Holder  your broker or other agent should have received the Information Statement directly from PST. A copy of the Information Statement is attached to this FAQ as Annex A .As a beneficial owner  you have the right to direct your broker  bank or other agent with respect to the Dividend Stock and how it is reflected in your account. Your broker can also assist you with obtaining your Cash-in-Lieu Payment  if any.Q:What if I did not receive the Information Statement or a Dividend Confirmation?A:A copy of the Information Statement is attached to this FAQ as Annex A .Stockholder of Record: Shares Registered in Your NameTo obtain a copy of your Dividend Confirmation or to check on the status of your Cash-in-Lieu Payment (if any)  please contact Scilex’s transfer agent  CST  by phone or email at:Continental Stock Transfer & Trust CompanyTelephone Number: 800-509-5586Email Address: cstmail@continentalstock.comBeneficial Owner: Shares Registered in the Name of a Broker  Bank or Other AgentIf you hold your shares in “street name” through a brokerage firm  bank  dealer or other similar organization  that organization received a Dividend Confirmation with respect to all Dividend Stock held by its customers and your pro rata portion of the Dividend Stock should be reflected in the statements you receive from your brokerage firm  bank  dealer or other similar organization.A list of brokerage firms  banks  dealers and other similar organizations that received a Dividend Confirmation for shares held in “street name” is set forth on Annex B of this FAQ.IF YOU HAVE ANY QUESTIONS REGARDING YOUR STATEMENT OR ANY OTHER COMMUNICATIONS FROM YOUR BROKER OR OTHER AGENT REGARDING THE DIVIDEND STOCK  PLEASE CONTACT THEM IMMEDIATELY.Q:Why does my brokerage statement indicate that the Dividend Stock has no value?A:If your brokerage statement indicates that the Dividend Stock has no value  please contact your brokerage firm  bank  dealer or other similar organization directly on an immediate basis to ensure that your brokerage statement is accurate and reflects the value of the Dividend Stock.A list of brokerage firms  banks  dealers and other similar organizations that received a Dividend Confirmation for shares held in “street name” is set forth on Annex B of this FAQ.Q:What is the value of the Dividend Stock?A:Scilex common stock is listed on The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC under the symbol “SCLX”. You may obtain the trading and closing prices of Scilex common stock on Nasdaq’s website at Nasdaq.com.Q:What is the CUSIP number for shares of Scilex common stock?A:Scilex’s CUSIP number 80880W106.Q:Is there a separate CUSIP number for the Dividend Stock?A:No. The CUSIP number for the Dividend Stock is the same as all other shares of Scilex common stock.Q:My brokerage statement references an ISIN. What is an ISIN?A:ISIN stands for International Securities Identification Numbering system and is the global ISO standard for unique identification of financial and referential instruments  including equity  debt  derivatives and indices.Note that the ISIN is not the CUSIP number. You should contact your broker immediately for more information about the ISIN and to have the broker include Scilex’s CUSIP number on your brokerage statement.Q:Can I transfer  sell  pledge  loan or otherwise dispose and transfer the Dividend Stock?A:No. The Dividend Stock you will receive on the Payment Date is subject to restrictions on transfer until May 11  2023 and your shares of Dividend Stock will reflect the following restrictive legend  which restriction is also included in your Dividend Confirmation:THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE MAY NOT BE TRANSFERRED  PLEDGED  HYPOTHECATED  LOANED  ENCUMBERED OR OTHERWISE DISPOSED OF WITHOUT THE CONSENT OF SCILEX HOLDING COMPANY (THE “COMPANY”) PRIOR TO MAY 11  2023. A TRANSFER OF THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE SHALL BE DEEMED TO INCLUDE  WITHOUT LIMITATION  THE (A) SALE OR ASSIGNMENT OF  OFFER TO SELL  CONTRACT OR AGREEMENT TO SELL  GRANT OF ANY OPTION TO PURCHASE OR OTHERWISE DISPOSE OF OR AGREEMENT TO DISPOSE OF  DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY  OR ESTABLISHMENT OR INCREASE OF A PUT EQUIVALENT POSITION OR LIQUIDATION WITH RESPECT TO OR DECREASE OF A CALL EQUIVALENT POSITION WITHIN THE MEANING OF SECTION 16 OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934  AS AMENDED (THE “EXCHANGE ACT”)  WITH RESPECT TO  ANY SECURITY OF THE COMPANY  (B) ENTRY INTO ANY SWAP OR OTHER ARRANGEMENT THAT TRANSFERS TO ANOTHER  IN WHOLE OR IN PART  ANY OF THE ECONOMIC CONSEQUENCES OF OWNERSHIP OF ANY SECURITY OF THE COMPANY  WHETHER ANY SUCH TRANSACTION IS TO BE SETTLED BY DELIVERY OF SUCH SECURITIES  IN CASH OR OTHERWISE  AND (C) ENGAGEMENT  WHETHER DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY  IN ANY (I) “SHORT SALE” (AS SUCH TERM IS DEFINED IN RULE 200 OF REGULATION SHO OF THE EXCHANGE ACT) OF THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE OR (II) HEDGING TRANSACTION  WHICH ESTABLISHES A NET SHORT POSITION WITH RESPECT TO ANY SECURITIES OF THE COMPANY (INCLUDING THE COMMON STOCK OF THE COMPANY)  WITH RESPECT TO EACH OF CLAUSES (I) AND (II) HEREOF  EITHER FOR THE HOLDER’S OWN PRINCIPAL ACCOUNT OR FOR THE PRINCIPAL ACCOUNT OF ANY OTHER PERSON.Q:When will I be able to transfer  sell  pledge  or otherwise dispose and transfer the Dividend Stock?A:The foregoing transfer restrictions on the Dividend Stock will be removed on May 12  2023  without any action required by you.Q:If I loaned my shares of Sorrento common stock to short sellers or any other party as of the Record Date  am I still entitled to receive Dividend Stock as of the Payment Date?A:Only Record Holders as of the Record Date are entitled to receive the Dividend Stock. If you were the Record Holder as of the Record Date and are entitled to receive the Dividend Stock  but have not received the Dividend Stock  you may be entitled to receive Dividend Stock from the short seller or other party who borrowed your shares of Sorrento common stock  whether through the lending programs implemented by your brokerage firm  bank  dealer and other similar organization or otherwise. If you were a Record Holder as of the Record Date and have not received your Dividend Stock  please consult with your financial advisor  broker or other agent immediately to determine how to receive your Dividend Stock.Q:What if my shares of Sorrento common stock were sold “short” as of the Record Date?A:According to Sorrento’s estimates  approximately 60 million or more shares of Sorrento common stock were sold “short” as of the Record Date. In the event your shares of Sorrento common stock were held through a brokerage firm  bank  dealer or other similar organization and were sold “short” as of the Record Date  you should consult with your financial advisor  broker or other agent immediately to determine whether you may also be deemed “short” Scilex common stock as a result of the Dividend  as well as any obligations required for you to cover your “short” position(s).Note that “naked short” sales or “naked short” positions in any Sorrento common stock may constitute a violation of SEC Regulation SHO.Q:What if my shares of Scilex common stock issued as the Dividend Stock were sold “short” because my Sorrento common stock was sold “short” as of the Payment Date?A:According to Sorrento’s estimates  approximately 8.4 million or more shares of Scilex common stock were deemed to have been sold “short” as of the Payment Date as a result of the “short” positions of the underlying Sorrento common stock referenced above.In the event your shares of Scilex common stock issued as the Dividend Stock are held through a brokerage firm  bank  dealer or other similar organization and were deemed to have been sold “short” as of the Payment Date as a result of a “short” position in Sorrento’s underlying common stock referenced above  you should consult with your financial advisor  broker or other agent immediately to determine any obligations required to cover your “short” position(s) of Scilex common shares.Note that “naked short” sales or “naked short” positions in any Scilex common stock may constitute a violation of SEC Regulation SHO.Q:If I am deemed “short” the Scilex Divided Stock  what is the borrowing cost for my “short” position in shares of Scilex common stock?A:According to recent reports from various brokerage firms lending shares of Scilex common stock for “short” sales  the current borrowing interest rate is estimated to be over 400% per year. If your Scilex common stock is held through a brokerage firm  bank  dealer or other similar organization and you have a “short” position  please consult with your financial advisor  broker or other agent immediately to determine your borrowing interest rate for your “short” position(s) of Scilex common stock.Note that “naked short” sales or “naked short” positions in any Scilex common stock may constitute a violation of SEC Regulation SHO.Q:What is the estimated “short” position of the Scilex common stock as of the Payment Date?A:According to Sorrento’s estimates  approximately 8.4 million or more shares of Scilex common stock were deemed to have been sold “short” as of the Payment Date.If your Scilex common stock is held through a brokerage firm  bank  dealer or other similar organization and your shares of Scilex common stock were sold “short” as of the Payment Date  you should consult with your financial advisor  broker or other agent immediately to determine any obligations required to cover your “short” position(s) of Scilex common shares.Note that “naked short” sales or “naked short” positions in any Scilex common stock may constitute a violation of SEC Regulation SHO.Q:What is the public float (i.e.  unrestricted and freely tradeable shares) of the Scilex common stock as of the Payment Date?A:Approximately 2.5 million shares of Scilex common stock were unrestricted and freely tradable as of the Payment Date. This public float may be increased if some or all of the unrestricted and freely tradable “public” warrants to purchase shares of Scilex common stock are exercised. The exercise price of the Scilex “public” warrants is $11.50 per share (subject to adjustment for recapitalizations  stock splits and similar transactions and as provided in the warrants).Q:How many Scilex warrants are currently outstanding?A:There are approximately 11 million unrestricted and freely tradable warrants to purchase shares of Scilex common stock outstanding and such warrants have an exercise price of $11.50 per share (subject to adjustment for recapitalizations  stock splits and similar transactions and as provided in the warrants). Sorrento owns approximately 4.5 million Scilex warrants (of which approximately 3.1 million are private warrants) and Vickers Venture Fund VI Pte Ltd and its affiliates own one million Scilex private warrants.Q:Will Scilex management take any actions with respect to the substantial “naked short” positions of Scilex common stock that represents approximately three times the public float of Scilex common stock?A:Yes. The management teams of both Scilex and Sorrento are in consultation with their outside legal counsel to explore all legal avenues to resolve the imbalance of the substantial “naked short” positions of Scilex common stock estimated to be approximately 8.4 million or more shares of Scilex common stock as compared to the limited public float of approximately 2.5 million shares of Scilex common stock.Scilex and Sorrento will send a written notification to the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority (FINRA)  which oversees U.S. broker-dealers  to advise FINRA of the substantial “naked short” positions of Scilex common stock. Sorrento and Scilex will offer to work closely with FINRA and other regulatory agencies to enforce compliance with applicable laws  rules and regulations governing market participants  which strictly prohibit intentional or abusive “naked shorting” of publicly traded securities.Annex AInformation StatementJanuary 10  2023Dear Sorrento Therapeutics  Inc. Stockholder:As Sorrento Therapeutics  Inc. (“ Sorrento ”) previously announced  on December 29  2022 our board of directors declared a stock dividend (the “ Dividend ”) consisting of an aggregate of 76 000 000 shares (the “ Dividend Stock ”) of common stock  par value $0.0001 per share  of Scilex Holding Company (“ Scilex Common Stock ”) held by Sorrento to record holders of (i) Sorrento’s common stock  par value $0.0001 per share (such stock  the “ Sorrento Common Stock ” and such record holders  the “ Record Common Holders ”) as of the close of business on January 9  2023 (the “ Record Date ”)  and (ii) certain warrants to purchase Sorrento Common Stock that  among other things  have not been exercised prior to the ex-dividend date under the rules of The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC (and which have or may have the right to participate in the Dividend pursuant to the terms of their respective warrants) (the “ Record Warrant Holders ” and together with the Record Common Holders  the “ Record Holders ”)  which Dividend shall be paid on January 19  2023 (the “ Payment Date ”) and shall be apportioned on a pro rata basis among the Record Holders in accordance with each Record Holder’s ownership percentage of Sorrento Common Stock (assuming the full exercise of all outstanding warrants to purchase Sorrento Common Stock) as of the Record Date as set forth in the records of Sorrento’s transfer agent (with respect to the Record Common Holders) and Sorrento (with respect to the Record Warrant Holders) as of such date.Scilex Holding Company (“ Scilex ”) is Sorrento’s majority-controlled  public-reporting subsidiary and the Scilex Common Stock is currently listed and traded on the Nasdaq Capital Market under the ticker symbol “SCLX”. As a public-reporting company  Scilex files periodic reports and other information with the SEC  which reports and other information can be found on the Securities and Exchange Commission’s Internet site at http://www.sec.gov.Each Record Common Holder will receive (and each applicable Record Warrantholder will be entitled to receive following the exercise of such holder’s applicable warrants) 0.1410127 of a share of Scilex Common Stock for each one (1) share of Sorrento Common Stock held (or underlying the applicable warrants) by such Record Holder as of the close of business on the Record Date. The Dividend Stock will be subject to certain transfer restrictions through May 11  2023  as more fully described in the attached information statement and notice. Payment of the Dividend is conditioned upon Sorrento’s board of directors not revoking the dividend prior to the Payment Date.The Dividend Stock will be paid out in uncertificated (i.e.  book-entry) form  which means that no physical share certificates will be delivered to you. No fractional shares of Scilex Common Stock will be issued in the Dividend. To the extent a Record Holder of Sorrento would otherwise be entitled to receive fractional shares of Scilex Common Stock in the Dividend  such holders shall receive cash (without interest or deduction) in lieu of such fractional shares in an amount equal to the product obtained by multiplying (a) the closing price of Scilex Common Stock on the Nasdaq Capital Market on the Record Date  by (b) the fraction of one share of Scilex Common Stock that such equityholder would have otherwise been entitled to receive as a Dividend in respect of shares of Sorrento Common Stock held by such Record Holder (after aggregating all such fractional shares otherwise issuable to such equityholder in connection with the Dividend).You should consult your own tax advisor as to the particular tax consequences of the Dividend  including potential tax consequences under state  local  and non-U.S. tax laws.The Dividend does not require Sorrento stockholder approval  and you do not need to take any action to receive your Dividend Stock. Upon the payment of the Dividend  you will own common stock in both Sorrento (if you retained this stock following the Record Date) and Scilex. Sorrento Common Stock is expected to continue to trade on the Nasdaq Capital Market under the ticker symbol “SRNE” and Scilex Common Stock is expected to continue to trade on the Nasdaq Capital Market under the ticker symbol “SCLX”.Scilex is an innovative revenue-generating company focused on acquiring  developing and commercializing non-opioid pain management products for the treatment of acute and chronic pain. Scilex believes that its innovative non-opioid product portfolio has the potential to provide effective pain management therapies that can have a transformative impact on patients’ lives. Scilex targets indications with high unmet needs and large market opportunities with non-opioid therapies for the treatment of patients with acute and chronic pain and are dedicated to advancing and improving patient outcomes.We want to thank you for your support of Sorrento (including our subsidiary  Scilex) and it is my great privilege to welcome you as a future stockholder of Scilex  and we look forward to your continued support in the future.The enclosed information statement and notice  which we are mailing to all Sorrento stockholders as of the close of business on the Record Date  describes the Dividend and refers you to important business and financial information about SCLX  including Scilex’s strategy and plans for near and long-term growth to generate value for its stockholders. We urge you to read this information statement and notice carefully.Sincerely Henry Ji  Ph.D.Chairman of the Board of Directors  Chief Executive Officer  and President of Sorrento Therapeutics  Inc. and the Executive Chairperson of Scilex Holding CompanyINFORMATION STATEMENTANDNOTICE PURSUANT TO SECTION 151(F) AND SECTION 202OF THE DELAWARE GENERAL CORPORATION LAWSCILEX HOLDING COMPANYCommon Stock  par value $0.0001 per shareUnless the context otherwise requires  references in this information statement to “we ” “us ” “our ” “Scilex ” and “the Company” generally refer to Scilex Holding Company  together with its subsidiaries.This information statement and notice pursuant to Section 151(f) and Section 202 of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware (“ DGCL ”)  including the Summary of the Dividend attached hereto  is being furnished to you as a holder of common stock of Sorrento Therapeutics  Inc. (“ Sorrento ”). As Sorrento previously announced  on December 29  2022 Sorrento’s board of directors (the “ Sorrento Board ”) declared a stock dividend (the “ Dividend ”) consisting of an aggregate of 76 000 000 shares (the “ Dividend Stock ”) of common stock  par value $0.0001 per share  of Scilex Holding Company (“ Scilex Common Stock ”) held by Sorrento to record holders of (i) Sorrento’s common stock  par value $0.0001 per share (such stock  the “ Sorrento Common Stock ” and such record holders  the “ Record Common Holders ”) as of the close of business on January 9  2023 (the “ Record Date ”)  and (ii) certain warrants to purchase Sorrento Common Stock that  among other things  have not been exercised prior to the ex-dividend date under the rules of The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC (and which have or may have the right to participate in the Dividend pursuant to the terms of their respective warrants) (the “ Record Warrant Holders ” and together with the Record Common Holders  the “ Record Holders ”)  which Dividend (unless otherwise determined by the Board) shall be paid on January 19  2023 (the “ Payment Date ”) and shall be apportioned on a pro rata basis among the Record Holders in accordance with each Record Holder’s ownership percentage of Sorrento Common Stock (assuming the full exercise of all outstanding warrants to purchase Sorrento Common Stock) as of the Record Date as set forth in the records of Sorrento’s transfer agent (with respect to the Record Common Holders) and Sorrento (with respect to the Record Warrant Holders) as of such date.We are a majority-controlled  public-reporting subsidiary of Sorrento (which currently holds 96.7% of our currently outstanding voting stock). The Scilex Common Stock is currently listed and traded on the Nasdaq Capital Market under the ticker symbol “SCLX”. As a public-reporting company  Scilex files periodic reports and other information with the Securities and Exchange Commission (“ SEC ”)  which reports and other information can be found on the Securities and Exchange Commission’s Internet site at http://www.sec.gov.Scilex is an innovative revenue-generating company focused on acquiring  developing and commercializing non-opioid pain management products for the treatment of acute and chronic pain. Scilex believes that its innovative non-opioid product portfolio has the potential to provide effective pain management therapies that can have a transformative impact on patients’ lives. Scilex targets indications with high unmet needs and large market opportunities with non-opioid therapies for the treatment of patients with acute and chronic pain and are dedicated to advancing and improving patient outcomes. Scilex launched its first commercial product in October 2018 and is developing its late-stage pipeline  which includes a pivotal Phase 3 candidate  a Phase 2 candidate and a Phase 1 candidate that is expected to enter into Phase 2 studies in the first half of 2023. Scilex’s commercial product  ZTlido (lidocaine topical system) 1.8% (“ ZTlido ”) is a prescription lidocaine topical product approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration  for the relief of neuropathic pain associated with postherpetic neuralgia which is a form of post-shingles nerve pain. ZTlido possesses novel delivery and adhesion technology designed to address many of the limitations of current prescription lidocaine patches by providing significantly improved adhesion and continuous pain relief throughout the 12-hour administration period.On the payment date for the Dividend  each Record Common Holder will receive (and each applicable Record Warrantholder will be entitled to receive following the exercise of such holder’s applicable warrants) 0.1410127 of a share of Scilex Common Stock for each one (1) share of Sorrento Common Stock held (or underlying the applicable warrants) by such Record Holder as of the close of business on the Record Date. In lieu of receiving fractional shares of Dividend Stock otherwise apportioned to the Record Common Holder  each Record Common Holder will receive cash representing the fair market value of such fractional shares. The Dividend Stock will be subject to certain transfer restrictions through May 11  2023  as more fully described below. Payment of the Dividend is conditioned upon the Sorrento Board not revoking the dividend prior to the Payment Date.Immediately after Sorrento completes the Dividend  Sorrento will hold approximately 52.1% of our currently outstanding voting stock.You are urged to consult your tax advisor as to the particular U.S. federal  state  local  and non-U.S. tax consequences to you of receiving the Dividend.If you are a corporate U.S. Holder (as defined below)  you may be eligible for a dividends-received deduction (subject to certain requirements and limitations) with respect to your receipt of the Dividend  but the Dividend may be subject to certain “extraordinary dividend” provisions of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986  as amended (the “ Code ”). Such provisions may result in a reduction in the adjusted basis of your Sorrento Common Stock and  potentially  recognition of gain.If you are a non-corporate U.S. Holder (as defined below)  the Dividend (including cash paid in lieu of fractional shares) to be made to you may be subject to backup withholding at a rate of 24% of the fair market value of such Dividend  unless you provide a correct taxpayer identification number by delivering a properly executed IRS Form W-9 (or successor form).If you are not a U.S. Holder (as defined below)  the Dividend (including cash paid in lieu of fractional shares) to be made to you may be subject to withholding at a rate of 30% of the fair market value of such Dividend  unless you establish an entitlement to a reduced rate of withholding by providing a properly executed IRS Form W-8 BEN  W-8BEN-E  or other applicable IRS Form W-8 (or successor form).As used above  a “ U.S. Holder ” is a beneficial owner of Sorrento Common Stock that for U.S. federal income tax purposes is (a) an individual who is a citizen or resident of the United States; (b) a corporation created or organized under the laws of the United States  any state thereof or the District of Columbia; (c) an estate  the income of which is subject to United States federal income taxation regardless of its source; or (d) a trust  if a court within the United States is able to exercise primary supervision over the administration of the trust and one or more United States persons has the authority to control all substantial decisions of the trust  or  if the trust was in existence on August 20  1996  and it has elected to continue to be treated as a United States person.The Dividend (including cash paid in lieu of fractional shares of Dividend Stock) may be includable in ordinary taxable income to you in the year that includes the Payment Date to the extent of a portion of Sorrento’s current and accumulated earnings and profits. To the extent that the fair market value of the Dividend exceeds Sorrento’s current and accumulated earnings and profits  the Dividend will first be treated as a non-taxable return of basis  and any amounts in excess of such adjusted basis will constitute capital gain.No vote or other action is required by you to receive the Dividend Stock. You will not be required to pay anything to Sorrento or Scilex for the new shares or to surrender any of your shares of Sorrento Common Stock. We are not asking you for a proxy  and you should not send us a proxy or your share certificates.In reviewing this information statement  you should carefully review the reports and other information that we file with the SEC and we specifically refer you to our (i) registration statement on Form S-4 (File No. 333-264941)  including the appendices and exhibits thereto  under the Securities Act  initially filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”) on May 13  2022 (as subsequently amended)  which was declared effective by the SEC on October 28  2022 (the “ Registration Statement ”)  (ii) final prospectus with respect to the Registration Statement  filed with the SEC on October 28  2022 (the “ Prospectus ”)  and (iii) Current Report on Form 8-K  filed with the SEC on November 17  2022 (the “ Super 8-K ” and together with the Registration Statement and the Prospectus  the “ Disclosure Materials ”).You should also carefully review the risks and uncertainties described under the heading “Risk Factors” in the Registration Statement and Prospectus.Neither the Securities and Exchange Commission  nor any state securities commission has approved or disapproved these securities or determined if this information statement is truthful or complete. Any representation to the contrary is a criminal offense.This information statement does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any securities.The date of this information statement and notice pursuant to Section 151(f) and Section 202 of the DGCL is January 10  2022.SUMMARY OF THE DIVIDEND Distributing Company: Sorrento Therapeutics  Inc. Distributed Company: Scilex Holding Company  a majority-controlled  public reporting subsidiary of Sorrento Dividend Stock: Sorrento will distribute an aggregate of 76 000 000 shares of Scilex Common Stock in the Dividend. Dividend Ratio: Each Record Common Holder will receive (and each applicable Record Warrantholder will be entitled to receive following the exercise of such holder’s applicable warrants) 0.1410127 of a share of Scilex Common Stock for each one (1) share of Sorrento Common Stock held (or underlying the applicable warrants) by such Record Holder as of the close of business on the Record Date. Treatment of Fractional Shares: No fractional shares shall be issued in connection with the Dividend and the Record Holders who otherwise would be entitled to receive fractional shares of the Scilex Common Stock shall receive cash (without interest or deduction) in lieu of such fractional shares in an amount equal to the product obtained by multiplying (a) the closing price of Scilex Common Stock on the Nasdaq Capital Market on the Record Date  by (b) the fraction of one share of Scilex Common Stock that such Record Holder would have otherwise been entitled to receive as a Dividend in respect of shares of Sorrento Common Stock held by such Record Holder (after aggregating all such fractional shares otherwise issuable to such Record Holder in connection with the Dividend). Record Date: January 9  2023 Payment Date: January 19  2023 Dividend: On the Payment Date  Sorrento  with the assistance of Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company  Scilex’s transfer agent (“ Continental ”)  will electronically distribute shares of Scilex Common Stock to you via a registered position held at Continental until the expiration of the lock-up period described below. You will not be required to make any payment to Sorrento or Scilex or surrender or exchange your shares of Sorrento Common Stock to receive your shares of Scilex Common Stock on the Payment Date. Market for Scilex Common Stock: Our common stock is listed on the Nasdaq Capital Market under the symbol “SCLX”. Transfer Agent for Scilex: Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company Notice of Transfer Restrictions: Notice is hereby given pursuant to Sections 151(f) and 202 of the Delaware General Corporation Law (“ DGCL ”)  that the shares of Scilex Common Stock you will receive as a Dividend will be issued to you in uncertificated (i.e.  book-entry) form.The Dividend Stock you will receive on the Payment Date will be subject to restrictions on transfer until May 11  2023 and your shares of Dividend Stock will reflect the following restrictive legend:THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE MAY NOT BE TRANSFERRED  PLEDGED  HYPOTHECATED  LOANED  ENCUMBERED OR OTHERWISE DISPOSED OF WITHOUT THE CONSENT OF SCILEX HOLDING COMPANY (THE “COMPANY”) PRIOR TO MAY 11  2023. A TRANSFER OF THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE SHALL BE DEEMED TO INCLUDE  WITHOUT LIMITATION  THE (A) SALE OR ASSIGNMENT OF  OFFER TO SELL  CONTRACT OR AGREEMENT TO SELL  GRANT OF ANY OPTION TO PURCHASE OR OTHERWISE DISPOSE OF OR AGREEMENT TO DISPOSE OF  DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY  OR ESTABLISHMENT OR INCREASE OF A PUT EQUIVALENT POSITION OR LIQUIDATION WITH RESPECT TO OR DECREASE OF A CALL EQUIVALENT POSITION WITHIN THE MEANING OF SECTION 16 OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934  AS AMENDED (THE “EXCHANGE ACT”)  WITH RESPECT TO  ANY SECURITY OF THE COMPANY  (B) ENTRY INTO ANY SWAP OR OTHER ARRANGEMENT THAT TRANSFERS TO ANOTHER  IN WHOLE OR IN PART  ANY OF THE ECONOMIC CONSEQUENCES OF OWNERSHIP OF ANY SECURITY OF THE COMPANY  WHETHER ANY SUCH TRANSACTION IS TO BE SETTLED BY DELIVERY OF SUCH SECURITIES  IN CASH OR OTHERWISE  AND (C) ENGAGEMENT  WHETHER DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY  IN ANY (I) “SHORT SALE” (AS SUCH TERM IS DEFINED IN RULE 200 OF REGULATION SHO OF THE EXCHANGE ACT) OF THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE OR (II) HEDGING TRANSACTION  WHICH ESTABLISHES A NET SHORT POSITION WITH RESPECT TO ANY SECURITIES OF THE COMPANY (INCLUDING THE COMMON STOCK OF THE COMPANY)  WITH RESPECT TO EACH OF CLAUSES (I) AND (II) HEREOF  EITHER FOR THE HOLDER’S OWN PRINCIPAL ACCOUNT OR FOR THE PRINCIPAL ACCOUNT OF ANY OTHER PERSON.In addition  please be advised that the Company will furnish without charge to each stockholder of the Company who so requests the powers  designations  preferences and relative  participating  optional or other special rights of each class of stock  or series thereof  of the Company and the qualifications  limitations or restrictions of such preferences and/or rights  which are fixed by the Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Company  as amended from time to time. Any such request should be directed to the Secretary of the Company.U.S. Federal Income Tax Consequences: The Dividend (including cash paid in lieu of fractional shares of Dividend Stock) may be includable in ordinary taxable income to you in the year that includes the Payment Date to the extent of a portion of Sorrento’s current and accumulated earnings and profits. To the extent that the fair market value of the Dividend exceeds Sorrento’s current and accumulated earnings and profits  the Dividend will first be treated as a non-taxable return of basis  and any amounts in excess of such adjusted basis will constitute capital gain.If you are a corporate U.S. Holder  you may be eligible for a dividends-received deduction (subject to certain requirements and limitations) with respect to your receipt of the Dividend  but the Dividend may be subject to certain “extraordinary dividend” provisions of the Code. Such provisions may result in a reduction of the adjusted basis of your Sorrento Common Stock and  potentially  recognition of gain.If you are not a U.S. Holder  the Dividend to be made to you may be subject to withholding at a rate of 30% of the fair market value of such Dividend  unless you establish an entitlement to a reduced rate of withholding by providing a properly executed IRS Form W-8 BEN  W-8BEN-E  or other applicable IRS Form W-8 (or successor form).This discussion does not address all aspects of U.S. federal income taxes. Furthermore  the discussion above is based upon the provisions of the Code  and Treasury regulations  rulings  and judicial decisions thereunder as of the date hereof  and such authorities may be repealed  revoked  or modified  possibly retroactively  and are subject to differing interpretations which could result in U.S. federal income tax consequences different from those discussed above. You are urged to consult your tax advisor as to the particular U.S. federal  state  local  and non-U.S. tax consequences to you of receiving the Dividend. Corporate Information: We were incorporated under the name “Vickers Vantage Corp. I” on February 21  2020 as a Cayman Islands exempted company for the purpose of effecting a merger  share exchange  asset acquisition  share purchase  reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses or entities. On November 9  2022  we changed our jurisdiction of incorporation by deregistering as a Cayman Islands exempted company and continuing and domesticating as a corporation incorporated under the laws of the State of Delaware. On November 9  2022  we changed our name to “Scilex Holding Company”.Our principal executive offices are located at 960 San Antonio Road  Palo Alto  California 94303  and our telephone number is (650) 516-4310. Our website address is www.scilexholding.com. Any information contained on  or that can be accessed through  our website is not incorporated by reference into  nor is it in any way part of this information statement and notice and should not be relied upon in connection with making any decision with respect to an investment in our securities. We are required to file annual  quarterly and current reports  proxy statements and other information with the SEC. You may obtain any of the documents filed by us with the SEC at no cost from the SEC’s website at http://www.sec.gov. Risk Factors: Owning shares of Scilex Common Stock involves a high degree of risk. You should carefully read the risk factors  as well as the other information set forth in the Disclosure Materials (as defined below)  including matters addressed in the section titled “Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements” (set forth in the Disclosure Materials).WHERE YOU CAN FIND MORE INFORMATION In connection with the completion of our previously announced business combination with Vickers Vantage Corp. I on November 10  2022 (the “ Business Combination ”)  we have filed (i) a registration statement on Form S-4 (File No. 333-264941)  including exhibits  under the Securities Act  initially filed with the SEC on May 13  2022 (as subsequently amended) and which was declared effective by the SEC on October 28  2022 (the “ Registration Statement ”)  (ii) a final prospectus with respect to the Registration Statement  filed with the SEC on October 28  2022 (the “ Prospectus ”)  and (iii) a Current Report on Form 8-K  filed with the SEC on November 17  2022 (the “ Super 8-K ” and together with the Registration Statement and the Prospectus  the “ Disclosure Materials ”).The Disclosure Materials contain detailed information regarding  among other things  our business  management  executive and director compensation  financial condition (including pro forma information related to the Business Combination  historical financial statements and our management’s discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations)  a description of our securities and certain relationships and related party transactions.If you would like to request a copy of any of the Disclosure Materials  you may do so by contacting Angela Lamb at our transfer agent (Pacific Stock Transfer Company) by email at cs@pacificstocktransfer.com or by phone at 702-361-3033 and such materials will be provided to you free of charge.In addition  because we are a reporting company we also file periodic reports and other information with the SEC. The SEC maintains an Internet site that contains such reports and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC  including Scilex Holding Company. The SEC’s Internet site can be found at http://www.sec.gov. You can read copies of such documents  along with copies of reports  proxy statements and other information filed by us with the SEC at the SEC’s website at http://www.sec.gov.We also maintain a website at www.scilexholding.com. Through our website  we make available  free of charge  annual  quarterly and current reports  proxy statements and other information as soon as reasonably practicable after they are electronically filed with  or furnished to  the SEC. The information contained on  or that may be accessed through  our website is not part of  and is not incorporated into  this information statement and notice and the inclusion of our website address in this information statement and notice is an inactive textual reference only.Annex BBroker ListBroker Name Broker Address Broker Name Broker Address ABN AMRO CLEARING CHICAGO LLC 175 WEST JACKSON BLVD.CHICAGOIL ILLINOIS60604 US Albert Fried & Company LLC 45 BROADWAY  24TH FLOOR24TH FLOORNEW YORKNY NEW YORK10006 US AMALGAMATED BANK 275 7TH AVENUENEW YORKNY NEW YORK10003 US AMERICAN ENTERPRISE INVESTMENT SERVICES INC. 682 AMERIPRISE FINANCIAL CENTERMINNEAPOLISMN MINNESOTA55474 US APEX CLEARING CORPORATION 2 GATEWAY CENTER 283-299 MARKET ST16TH FLOORNEWARKNJ NEW JERSEY07102-5005 US BANK OF AMERICA  NA/GWIM TRUST OPERATIONS 901 MAIN STREET12TH FLOORDALLASTX TEXAS23113 US BANK OF NEW YORK MELLON 111 SANDERS CREEK PARKWAY 2ND FLOOR2ND FLOOREAST SYRACUSENY NEW YORK13057 US. BARCLAYS CAPITAL INC. DTC CUSTODY PARTICIPANT- NY WINDOW -570 WASHINGTON BLVD (ATTN: ROSA HICKS-MILLER OR ROBERT MENDEZJERSEY CITYNJ NEW JERSEY07310 US BARCLAYS CAPITAL INC. DTC CUSTODY PARTICIPANT- NY WINDOW -570 WASHINGTON BLVD (ATTN: ROSA HICKS-MILLER OR ROBERT MENDEZJERSEY CITYNJ NEW JERSEY07310 US BMO CAPITAL MARKETS CORP. 3 2ND STREET12TH FLOORJERSEY CITYNJ NEW JERSEY07302 US BMO HARRIS BANK NA/TRUST 11270 W PARK PLMILWAUKEEWI WISCONSIN53224 US BMO Nesbitt Burns Inc.  Toronto 250 YONGE STREET  7TH FLOOR7TH FLOORTORONTOON ONTARIOM5B 2M8 CA CANADA BNP PARIBAS  NEW YORK BRANCH/BNP PARIBAS PRIME BROKERAGE CUSTODIAN 100 WEST 33RD STREET3RD FLOORNEW YORKNY NEW YORK10001 BNP PARIBAS  NEW YORK BRANCH/BNP PARIBAS PRIME BROKERAGE CUSTODIAN 100 WEST 33RD STREET3RD FLOORNEW YORKNY NEW YORK10001 BNY MELLON PO BOX 392002500 ROSS STREETPITTSBURGHPA PENNSYLVANIA15262 US BNY MELLON/WEALTH MANAGEMENT 1 FREEDOM VALLEY DRIVEOAKSPA PENNSYLVANIA19456 US BNYMELLON 111 SANDERS CREEK PARKWAY 2ND FLOOR2ND FLOOREAST SYRACUSENY NEW YORK13057 US BNYMELLON/RE BARCLAYS CAPITAL SECURITIES LTD. ONE WALL STREETNEW YORKNY NEW YORK10286 BNYMELLON/RE CACEIS BANK LUXEMBOURG 500 Grant St.BNY Mellon CenterPITTSBURGHPA PENNSYLVANIA15258 BNYMELLON/RE CACEIS BANK  NETHERLANDS 111 SANDERS CREEK PARKWAYEAST SYRACUSENY NEW YORK13057 BNYMELLON/RE CHARLES STANLEY AND COMPANY  LIMITED 111 SANDERS CREEK PARKWAY 2ND FLOOR2ND FLOOREAST SYRACUSENY NEW YORK13057 US BNYMELLON/RE ETF - ISHARES DTC/NSCC 111 SANDERS CREEK PARKWAYEAST SYRACUSENY NEW YORK13057 BNYMELLON/RE WINTERFLOOD SECURITIES LTD 500 Grant St.BNY Mellon CenterPITTSBURGHPA PENNSYLVANIA15258 BOFA 4804 Deer Lake Drive EastFL9-803-04-04- 4th floorJACKSONVILLEFL FLORIDA32246 US BOFA 4804 Deer Lake Drive EastFL9-803-04-04- 4th floorJACKSONVILLEFL FLORIDA32246 US BOFA SECURITIES INC 4804 Deer Lake Drive EastFL9-803-04-04- 4th floorJACKSONVILLEFL FLORIDA32246 US BROWN BROTHERS HARRIMAN & CO. 140 BROADWAYATTN: CORPORATE ACTIONS VAULTNEW YORKNY NEW YORK10005 US BROWN BROTHERS HARRIMAN & CO./ETF 140 BROADWAYNEW YORKNY NEW YORK10005 CALDWELL SECURITIES LTD./CDS** 55 UNIVERSITY AVENUESUITE 340TORONTOON ONTARIOM5J 2H7 CANADA CANACCORD GENUITY CORP. 609 GRANVILLE STVANCOUVERBC BRITISH COLUMBIAV7Y 1H2 CA CANADA CANTOR  FITZGERALD & CO. 135 E 57TH ST 5TH FLNEW YORKNY NEW YORK10041 US CDS CLEARING AND DEPOSITORY SERVICES INC. 100 ADELAIDE STREET WESTTORONTOON ONTARIOM5H 1S3 CA CANADA CETERA INVESTMENT SERVICES LLC 400 FIRST STREET SOUTH  SUITE 300SUITE 300ST. CLOUDMN MINNESOTA56302-0283 US CHARLES SCHWAB & CO.  INC. 211 MAIN STREETSAN FRANCISCOCA CALIFORNIA94105 US CI INVESTMENT SERVICES INC. 199 BAY STREETSUITE 2600TORONTOON ONTARIOM5L 1E2 CA CANADA CIBC WORLD MARKETS INC./CDS** 161 BAY STREET 10 FLTORONTOON ONTARIOM5J 2S8 CA CANADA CITIBANK  N.A./ETF 3800 CITIGROUP CENTERB2/2TAMPAFL FLORIDA33610 CITIBANK  NATIONAL ASSOCIATION 3800 CITIBANK CENTER TAMPABLDG.B FIRST FLOOR ZONE 8TAMPAFL FLORIDA33610-9122 US CITIGROUP GLOBAL MARKETS  INC. 580 CROSSPOINT PARKWAYGETZVILLENY NEW YORK14068 US CLEAR STREET LLC 4 World Trade Center  45th Floor150 Greenwich StreetNEW YORKNY NEW YORK10007 CLEARSTREET IO 55 BROADWAY (SUITE 2102)CORPORATE ACTIONSNEW YORKNEW YORK10006 US COMMERCE BANK 922 WALNUT STREETMAIL STOP TBTS-2KANSAS CITYMO MISSOURI64106 US COR CLEARING LLC 9300 UNDERWOOD AVESUITE 400OMAHANE NEBRASKA68114 US Credential Securities Inc. 800-1111 WEST GEORGIA STREETVANCOUVERBC BRITISH COLUMBIAV6E 4T6 CA CANADA CREST INTERNATIONAL NOMINEES LIMITED 33 CANNON STREETLONDONEC4M 5SB GB UNITED KINGDO CURVATURE SECURITIES  LLC 39 MAIN STREETCHATHAMNJ NEW JERSEY07928 US D.A. DAVIDSON & CO. 8 3RD STREET NORTHGREAT FALLSMT MONTANA59401 US DEPOSITO CENTRAL DE VALORES S.A.  DEPOSITO DE VALORES AVENIDA APOQUINDO # 4001FLOOR 12  C.P.7550162  SANTIAGOCL CHILE DESJARDINS SECURITIES INC. 1253 McGill College10TH FLOORMONTREALQUEBECH3B 2Y5 CA CANADA DEUTSCHE BANK AG NY/US CUSTODY 1251 Avenue Of The AmericasNEW YORKNY NEW YORK10020 DEUTSCHE BANK SECURITIES INC. 60 WALL STREET9TH FLOORNEW YORKNY NEW YORK10005 US DRIVEWEALTH  LLC 15 EXCHANGE PLACE10TH FLOORJERSEY CITYNEW JERSEY07302 E*TRADE CLEARING LLC HARBORSIDE FINANCIAL CENTER501 PLAZA 11JERSEY CITYNJ NEW JERSEY07311 US EDWARD D. JONES & CO.  L.P. 12555 MANCHESTER ROADST. LOUISMO MISSOURI63131-3729 US EDWARD D. JONES & CO.  L.P. 201 PROGRESS PARKWAYMARYLAND HEIGHTSMO MISSOURI63043 US FIDELITY CLEARING CANADA ULC/CDS** 483 BAY ST.SOUTH TOWERTORONTOON ONTARIOM5G2N7 CA CANADA FIFTH THIRD BANK 5001 KINGSLEY DRIVEMAIL DROP 1MOB28CINCINNATIOH OHIO45227 US FOLIO INVESTMENTS  INC. 8180 GREENSBORO DRIVE8TH FLOORMCLEANVA VIRGINIA22102 US FUTU CLEARING INC. 12750 Merit DriveSUITE 475DALLASTX TEXAS75251 GMP SECURITIES L.P. 145 KING STREET WEST  SUITE 30011TH FLOORTORONTOON ONTARIOMJ5 1J8 CA CANADA GOLDMAN  SACHS & CO. LLC 222 SOUTH MAIN STREETAttn: Mandatory Corporate ActionsSALT LAKE CITYUT UTAH84101 US HAYWOOD SECURITIES INC./CDS** 200 BURRARD STWATERFRONT CENTRE SUITE 700VANCOUVERBC BRITISH COLUMBIAV6C 3L6 CANADA HILLTOP SECURITIES INC. 1201 ELM ST.35TH FLOORDALLASTX TEXAS75270 US HRT FINANCIAL LLC 150 GREENWICH STREET (ATTN: SETTLEMENT) FOUR WORLD TRADE CENTER57TH FLOORNEW YORKNY NEW YORK10007 US HSBC BANK USA  NA/HSBC CUSTODY & CLEARING SERVICES FOR STOCK LOAN 452 FIFTH AVENUEATTN: HBUS CCS SETTSNEW YORKNY NEW YORK10018 US HSBC BANK USA  NATIONAL ASSOCIATION 452 FIFTH AVENUEATTN: HBUS CCS SETTSNEW YORKNEW YORK10018 US INTERACTIVE BROKERS LLC 2 PICKWICK PLAZA2ND FLOORGREENWICHCT CONNECTICUT06830 US J.P. MORGAN CHASE BANK NA/FBO BLACKROCK CTF 1111 POLARIS PARKWAYCOLUMBUSOH OHIO43240 J.P. MORGAN CLEARING CORP. FOUR CHASE METROTECH CENTER3RD FLOORBROOKLYNNY NEW YORK11201 US JANNEY MONTGOMERY SCOTT LLC 1717 ARCH STREET17TH FLOORPHILADELPHIAPA PENNSYLVANIA19103 US JEFFERIES LLC 101 HUDSON STREET  11th FloorNEW JERSEYNJ NEW JERSEY07302 US JPMORGAN CHASE BANK  NATIONAL ASSOCIATION FOUR CHASE METROTECH CENTER3RD FLOORBROOKLYNNY NEW YORK11201 US JPMORGAN CHASE BANK/EUROCLEAR BANK FOUR CHASE METROTECH CENTER3RD FLOORBROOKLYNNY NEW YORK11245 US JPMORGAN CHASE BANK/IA FOUR CHASE METROTECH CENTER3RD FLOORBROOKLYNNY NEW YORK11201 US KEYBANK NATIONAL ASSOCIATION 4900 TIEDEMAN RDBROOKLYNOH OHIO44144 US LAURENTIAN BANK SECURITIES INC. 1981 MCGILL COLLEGE AVE.SUITE 100MONTREALQUEBECH3A 3K3 CA CANADA LPL FINANCIAL LLC 4707 EXECUTIVE DRIVESAN DIEGOCA CALIFORNIA92121 US MANUFACTURERS AND TRADERS TRUST COMPANY ONE M&T PLAZATRUST OPS 8TH FLOORBUFFALONY NEW YORK14203 US MANULIFE SECURITIES INCORPORATED 1235 NORTH SERVICE ROAD WESTOAKVILLEON ONTARIOL6M 2W2 CA CANADA MARSCO INVESTMENT CORPORATION 101 EISENHOWER PARKWAYROSELANDNJ NEW JERSEY07068 US MERRILL LYNCH  PIERCE  FENNER & SMITH INCORPORATED 4804 Deer Lake Drive EastFL9-803-04-04- 4th floorJACKSONVILLEFL FLORIDA32246 US MIRAE ASSET SECURITIES (USA) INC./STOCK LOAN CONDUIT ACCOUNT 810 SEVENTH AVE37TH FLOORNEW YORKNY NEW YORK10019 MIRAE ASSET SECURITIES (USA)  INC. 810 SEVENTH AVE37TH FLOORNEW YORKNY NEW YORK10019 MITSUBISHI UFJ TRUST & BANKING CORPORATION  NEW YORK BRANCH 280 PARK AVE39TH FL-WEST BLDGNEW YORKNY NEW YORK10017 Morgan Stanley 1300 THAMES STREETTHAMES STREET WHARFBALTIMOREMD MARYLAND21231 US MORGAN STANLEY & CO. LLC 1300 THAMES ST.BALTIMOREMD MARYLAND MORGAN STANLEY SMITH BARNEY LLC 1 NEW YORK PLAZA39TH FLOORNEW YORKNY NEW YORK10004 US MURIEL SIEBERT & CO.  INC. 77 SUMMER STREET3RD FLOORBOSTONMA MASSACHUSETTS02210 US NATIONAL FINANCIAL SERVICES LLC 499 WASHINGTON BOULEVARD5TH FLOORJERSEY CITYNJ NEW JERSEY07310 US NBCN INC. 1010 rue De La GauchetièreMezzanine 100MONTREALQUEBECH3B 5J2 CA CANADA NOMURA INTERNATIONAL TRUST COMPANY 309 WEST 49TH STREET10TH FLOORNEW YORKNY NEW YORK10019 US ODLUM BROWN LIMITED 250 HOWE STREETSUITE 1100VANCOUVERBC BRITISH COLUMBIAV6C 3R8 CA CANADA OPPENHEIMER & CO. INC. 85 BROAD STREETNEW YORKNY NEW YORK10004 US PERSHING LLC 1 PERSHING PLAZAJERSEY CITYNJ NEW JERSEY07399 US PHILLIP CAPITAL INC. 141 W. JACKSON BLVD. SUITE 3050CHICAGOIL ILLINOIS60604 US PI FINANCIAL CORP. 666 BURRARD STSUITE 1900VANCOUVERBC BRITISH COLUMBIAV6C 3N1 CA CANADA PNC BANK  NATIONAL ASSOCIATION 4100 W 150TH STREETASSET MOVEMENT TEAM 3RD FL  LOCATOR B7-YB17-03-03CLEVELANDOH OHIO44135 US PRINCIPAL BANK 711 HIGH STREETDES MOINESIA IOWA50392 QUESTRADE INC./CDS** 5650 YONGE ST. Suite 1700TORONTOON ONTARIOM2M 4G3 CA CANADA Raymond James & Associates  Inc. 880 CARILLON PKWYST. PETERSBURGFL FLORIDA33733-2749 US RAYMOND JAMES LTD. 925 WEST GEORGIA STREETSUITE 2200VANCOUVERBC BRITISH COLUMBIAV6C 3L2 CA CANADA RBC CAPITAL MARKETS  LLC 60 SOUTH 6TH ST.MINNEAPOLISMN MINNESOTA55402 US RBC DOMINION SECURITIES INC 21 COMMERCE COURT SOUTH2ND FLOORTORONTOON ONTARIOM5L 1A7 CANADA RELIANCE TRUST COMPANY 1100 ABERNATHY RD.500 NORTHPARK SUITE 400ATLANTAGA GEORGIA30113 US RELIANCE TRUST COMPANY 4900 W. BROWN DEER RDMILWAUKEEWI WISCONSIN53223 US ROBERT W. BAIRD & CO. INCORPORATED 777 E WISCONSIN AVE9TH FLOORMILWAUKEEWI WISCONSIN53202 US ROBINHOOD SECURITIES  LLC 500 COLONIAL CENTER PARKWAYSUITE 100LAKE MARYFL FLORIDA32746 US SAFRA SECURITIES LLC 546 5TH AVENUENEW YORKNY NEW YORK10036 US SCOTIA CAPITAL (USA) INC. 150 KING STREET W5TH FLOORTORONTOON ONTARIOM5H 1J9 CA CANADA SEI PRIVATE TRUST COMPANY 1 FREEDOM VALLEY DRIVEOAKSPA PENNSYLVANIA19456 US SEI PRIVATE TRUST COMPANY 1 FREEDOM VALLEY DRIVEOAKSPA PENNSYLVANIA19456 US SG AMERICAS SECURITIES  LLC 480 WASHINGTON BLVD.20TH FLOORJERSEY CITYNJ NEW JERSEY07310 US SSB - BLACKROCK INSTITUTIONAL TRUST 50 California StreetSan FranciscoCA CALIFORNIA94163 SSB - TRUST CUSTODY 30 ADELAIDE ST EASTSUITE 800TORONTOON ONTARIOM5C 3G6 CA CANADA SSB&T CO/CLIENT CUSTODY SERVICES 1776 HERITAGE DRIVENORTH QUINCYMA MASSACHUSETTS02171 STATE STREET BANK & TRUST CO 16 WALL STREET5TH FLOORNEW YORKNY NEW YORK10005 US STATE STREET BANK & TRUST COMPANY / ISHARES EUROPE 1776 HERITAGE DRIVENORTH QUINCYMA MASSACHUSETTS02171 STATE STREET BANK & TRUST/STATE STREET TOTALETF 1776 Heritage DriveNORTH QUINCYMA MASSACHUSETTS02717 STATE STREET BANK AND TRUST COMPANY 30 ADELAIDE ST EASTSUITE 800TORONTOON ONTARIOM5C 3G6 CA CANADA STIFEL  NICOLAUS & COMPANY  INCORPORATED 501 N BROADWAYST. LOUISMO MISSOURI63102 US STONEX FINANCIAL INC. 2 PERIMETER PARK SOUTHSUITE 100 WBIRMINGHAMAL ALABAMA35243 US TD AMERITRADE CLEARING  INC. 200 S 108TH AVEOMAHANE NEBRASKA68154 US TD WATERHOUSE CANADA INCATTN: MANDATORY CORPORATE ACTIONS 77 BLOOR STREET WEST3RD FLOORTORONTOON ONTARIOM5S 1M2 CA CANADA TEXAS TREASURY SAFEKEEPING TRUST COMPANY 208 E 10TH STAUSTINTX TEXAS78701 US THE BANK OF NEW YORK MELLON 500 GRANT STREET27TH FLOORPITTSBURGHPA PENNSYLVANIA15258 US THE HUNTINGTON NATIONAL BANK 7 EASTON OVAL EA4E62COLUMBUSOH OHIO43209 US THE NORTHERN TRUST COMPANY 333 South Wabash Ave  32nd FloorAttn: Trade Securities ProcessingCHICAGOIL ILLINOIS60603 US TRADESTATION SECURITIES  INC. 120 RIVERSIDE PLAZASUITE 1650CHICAGOIL ILLINOIS60606 US U.S. BANCORP INVESTMENTS  INC. 60 LIVINGSTON AVEEP-MN-WN1BST. PAULMN MINNESOTA55107-1419 US U.S. BANK N.A./ETF 1555 N RIVER CENTER DRIVEMILWAUKEEWI WISCONSIN53212 U.S. BANK NATIONAL ASSOCIATION 1555 NORTH RIVERCENTER DRIVE  SUITE 302SUITE 302MILWAUKEEWI WISCONSIN53212 US UBS AG 480 WASHINGTON BLVD.12TH FLOORJERSEY CITYNJ NEW JERSEY07310 US UBS FINANCIAL SERVICES INC. 1000 HARBOR BOULEVARDWEEHAWKENNJ NEW JERSEY07086 US UBS SECURITIES LLC 677 WASHINGTON BLVDSTAMFORDCT CONNECTICUT06901 US UMB BANK  NATIONAL ASSOCIATION 928 GRAND BLVDKANSAS CITYMO MISSOURI64106 US VANGUARD MARKETING CORPORATION 100 VANGUARD BLVDMALVERNPA PENNSYLVANIA19355 US VELOCITY CLEARING  LLC 1301 Route 36Suite 109 (Attn: Chris Felicetti)HAZLETNEW JERSEY7730 US VELOX CLEARING LLC 2400 E. KATELLA AVENUESUITE 725AANAHEIMCA CALIFORNIA92806 US VIRTU AMERICAS LLC ONE LIBERTY PLAZA  165 BROADWAY5TH FLOORNEW YORKNY NEW YORK10006 US VISION FINANCIAL MARKETS LLC 4 HIGH RIDGE PARKSUITE 100STAMFORDCT CONNECTICUT06905 US WEDBUSH SECURITIES INC 1000 WILSHIRE BLVD8TH FLOORLOS ANGELESCA CALIFORNIA90017 US WEDBUSH SECURITIES INC. 1000 WILSHIRE BLVD.LOS ANGELESCA CALIFORNIA90017 US WELLS FARGO BANK  N.A./SIG 733 MARQUETTE AVE 4TH FLOORMAC N9306-04DMINNEAPOLISMN MINNESOTA55402 US WELLS FARGO CLEARING SERVICES LLC 1 NORTH JEFFERSONMAIL CODE: H0006-094ST. LOUISMO MISSOURI63103 US WELLS FARGO SECURITIES  LLC 1525 WEST W T HARRIS BLVDCHARLOTTENC NORTH CAROLINA28262 US WILSON-DAVIS & CO.  INC. 236 SOUTH MAIN STREETSALT LAKE CITYUT UTAH84101 USAbout Scilex Holding CompanyScilex Holding Company  a majority-owned subsidiary of Sorrento Therapeutics  Inc.  is an innovative revenue-generating company focused on acquiring  developing and commercializing non-opioid pain management products for the treatment of acute and chronic pain. Scilex is uncompromising in its focus to become the global pain management leader committed to social  environmental  economic  and ethical principles to responsibly develop pharmaceutical products to maximize quality of life. Results from the Phase III Pivotal Trial C.L.E.A.R Program for SEMDEXATM  its novel  non-opioid product for the treatment of lumbosacral radicular pain (sciatica)  were announced in March 2022. Scilex targets indications with high unmet needs and large market opportunities with non-opioid therapies for the treatment of patients with moderate to severe pain. Scilex launched its first commercial product in October 2018  in-licensed a commercial product in June 2022  and is developing its late-stage pipeline  which includes a pivotal Phase 3 candidate and one Phase 2 and one Phase 1 candidate. Its commercial product  ZTlido® (lidocaine topical system) 1.8%  or ZTlido®  is a prescription lidocaine topical product approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration for the relief of pain associated with postherpetic neuralgia  which is a form of post-shingles nerve pain. Scilex in-licensed the exclusive right to commercialize Gloperba® (colchicine USP) oral solution  an FDA-approved prophylactic treatment for painful gout flares in adults  in the U.S. Scilex is planning to commercialize Gloperba® in 2023 and is well-positioned to market and distribute the product. Scilex’s three product candidates are SP-102 (injectable dexamethasone sodium phosphate viscous gel product containing 10 mg dexamethasone)  or SEMDEXA™  a Phase 3  novel  viscous gel formulation of a widely used corticosteroid for epidural injections to treat lumbosacral radicular pain  or sciatica  with FDA Fast Track status; SP-103 (lidocaine topical system) 5.4%  a Phase 2  triple-strength formulation of ZTlido®  for the treatment of low back pain  with FDA Fast Track status; and SP-104  4.5 mg Delayed Burst Release Low Dose Naltrexone Hydrochloride (DBR-LDN) Capsule  for the treatment of chronic pain  fibromyalgia in multiple Phase 1 programs expected to be initiated this year. For further information regarding the SP-102 Phase 3 efficacy trial  see NCT identifier NCT03372161 – Corticosteroid Lumbar Epidural Analgesia for Radiculopathy – Full Text View – ClinicalTrials.gov.Scilex Holding Company is headquartered in Palo Alto  California  with operations in both Palo Alto and San Diego  California. For further information please visit www.scilexholding.com.About Sorrento Therapeutics  Inc.Sorrento is a clinical and commercial stage biopharmaceutical company developing new therapies to treat cancer  pain (non-opioid treatments)  autoimmune disease and COVID-19. Sorrento's multimodal  multipronged approach to fighting cancer is made possible by its extensive immuno-oncology platforms  including key assets such as Abivertinib  next-generation tyrosine kinase inhibitors (“TKIs”)  fully human antibodies (“G-MAB™ library”)  immuno-cellular therapies (“DAR-T™”)  antibody-drug conjugates (“ADCs”)  and oncolytic virus (“Seprehvec™”). Sorrento is also developing potential antiviral therapies and vaccines against coronaviruses  including STI-1558  COVI-MSC™; and diagnostic test solutions  including COVIMARK™.Sorrento's commitment to life-enhancing therapies for patients is also demonstrated by our effort to advance a TRPV1 agonist  non-opioid pain management small molecule  resiniferatoxin (“RTX”)  and SP-102 (10 mg  dexamethasone sodium phosphate viscous gel) (SEMDEXA™)  a novel  viscous gel formulation of a widely used corticosteroid for epidural injections to treat lumbosacral radicular pain  or sciatica  and to commercialize ZTlido® (lidocaine topical system) 1.8% for the treatment of postherpetic neuralgia (PHN). RTX has been cleared for a Phase II trial for intractable pain associated with cancer and a Phase II trial in osteoarthritis patients. Positive final results from the Phase III Pivotal Trial C.L.E.A.R. Program for SEMDEXA™  its novel  non-opioid product for the treatment of lumbosacral radicular pain (sciatica)  were announced in March 2022. ZTlido® was approved by the FDA on February 28  2018.For more information visit www.sorrentotherapeutics.com.Contacts:For Scilex Holding CompanyJaisim ShahChief Executive OfficerScilex Holding Company960 San Antonio RoadPalo Alto  CA 94303Office: (650) 516-4310Email: jshah@scilexpharma.comWebsite: www.sorrentotherapeutics.com and www.scilexholding.comInvestors and Media Contact:Elizabeth CzerepakEmail: mediarelations@sorrentotherapeutics.comWebsite: www.sorrentotherapeutics.comSorrento® and the Sorrento logo are registered trademarks of Sorrento Therapeutics  Inc.G-MAB™  DAR-T™  Seprehvec™  SOFUSA™  COVI-MSC™  COVIMARK™  Ovydso™ and FujoveeTM are trademarks of Sorrento Therapeutics  Inc.SEMDEXA™ (SP-102) is a trademark owned by Semnur Pharmaceuticals  Inc.  a wholly-owned subsidiary of Scilex Holding Company. A proprietary name review by the FDA is planned.ZTlido® is a registered trademark owned by Scilex Pharmaceuticals Inc.  a wholly-owned subsidiary of Scilex Holding Company.Gloperba® is an exclusive  transferable license to use the trademark by Scilex Holding Company.All other trademarks are the property of their respective owners.© 2023 Sorrento Therapeutics  Inc. All Rights Reserved.,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.32,0.24,0.45,True,English,"['Scilex Holding Company Common Stock', 'Majority Stockholder', 'Sorrento', 'Therapeutics', 'FAQ', 'Dividend', 'SCILEX HOLDING COMPANY COMMON STOCK', 'Pacific Stock Transfer Company', 'pro rata basis', 'Scilex common stock', 'Sorrento common stock', 'Record Warrant Holders', 'Record Common Holders', 'other similar organization', 'The Record Date', 'record holders', 'Other Agent', 'transfer agent', 'stock dividend', 'Dividend Stock', 'The Dividend', 'Sorrento Therapeutics', 'Sorrento stockholders', 'PALO ALTO', 'GLOBE NEWSWIRE', 'Investors” section', 'payment date', 'short positions', 'related annexes', 'press release', 'ownership percentage', 'full exercise', 'closing price', 'Beneficial Owner', 'brokerage firm', 'respective warrants', 'outstanding warrants', 'applicable warrants', 'one share', 'recent dividend', 'Lieu Payment', 'CUSIP information', 'fractional shares', 'majority stockholder', 'ASKED QUESTIONS', 'street name', 'Dividend Ratio', '76,000,000 shares', 'Calif.', 'Jan.', 'SCLX', 'Inc.', 'Nasdaq', 'SRNE', 'document', 'website', 'FAQs', 'details', 'distribution', 'restrictions', 'issues', 'connection', 'December', 'board', 'directors', 'aggregate', 'close', 'business', 'right', 'terms', 'accordance', 'records', 'Story', 'cash', 'interest', 'deduction', 'amount', 'product', 'January', 'PST', 'Bank', 'account', 'dealer', 'purposes', 'portion']",2023-01-30,2023-01-30,finance.yahoo.com
17353,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/sorrento-issues-faq-regarding-dividend-032700981.html,Sorrento Issues “FAQ” Regarding the Dividend of Scilex Holding Company Common Stock,SAN DIEGO  Jan. 29  2023 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Sorrento Therapeutics  Inc. (Nasdaq: SRNE  “Sorrento”) today posted a “Frequently Asked Questions” document...,Sorrento Therapeutics  Inc.SAN DIEGO  Jan. 29  2023 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Sorrento Therapeutics  Inc. (Nasdaq: SRNE  “Sorrento”) today posted a “Frequently Asked Questions” document under the “Investors” section of its website at www.sorrentotherapeutics.com regarding its recent dividend to Sorrento stockholders of shares of common stock of Scilex Holding Company held by Sorrento.The FAQs address questions regarding the details of the dividend  including the record date  payment date  dividend ratio  distribution of the shares of Scilex common stock  how Sorrento stockholders can obtain certain information regarding the dividend  CUSIP information for Scilex common stock  and transfer restrictions on the dividend stock as well as questions related to issues that may arise with respect to the dividend in connection with short positions in Sorrento common stock.The FAQs and related annexes are included in this press release and can also be found here.FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONSREGARDING THE DIVIDEND OF SCILEX HOLDING COMPANY COMMON STOCK BY SORRENTO THERAPEUTICS  INC.Q: What is the dividend of Scilex Common Stock?A: On December 30  2022  Sorrento Therapeutics  Inc. ( Sorrento ) announced that its board of directors declared a stock dividend ( Dividend ) consisting of an aggregate of 76 000 000 shares ( Dividend Stock ) of common stock of Scilex Holding Company held by Sorrento to record holders of:Sorrento’s common stock ( Record Common Holders ) as of the close of business on the Record Date  andcertain warrants to purchase Sorrento common stock (which have or may have the right to participate in the Dividend pursuant to the terms of their respective warrants) ( Record Warrant Holders and together with the Record Common Holders  Record Holders ).The Dividend would be apportioned on a pro rata basis among such holders in accordance with each holder’s ownership percentage of Sorrento common stock (assuming the full exercise of all outstanding warrants to purchase Sorrento common stock) as of the Record Date as set forth in the records of Sorrento’s transfer agent (with respect to the Record Common Holders) and Sorrento (with respect to the Record Warrant Holders) as of such date.Story continuesNo fractional shares will be issued in connection with the Dividend and the Record Holders who otherwise would be entitled to receive fractional shares of Scilex common stock are entitled to receive cash (without interest or deduction) in lieu of such fractional shares in an amount equal to the product obtained by multiplying (a) $5.87 (which represents the closing price of Scilex common stock on the Record Date)  by (b) the fraction of one share of Scilex common stock that such Record Holder would have otherwise been entitled to receive as a Dividend in respect of shares of Sorrento common stock held by such Record Holder (after aggregating all such fractional shares otherwise issuable to such Record Holder in connection with the Dividend) ( Cash-in-Lieu Payment ).Q: What was the Record Date for the Dividend?A: The Record Date for determining the Sorrento stockholders who are entitled to receive Dividend Stock was January 9  2023.Q: What was the Payment Date for the Dividend Stock?A: The payment date for the Dividend Stock was January 19  2023 ( Payment Date ).Q: What was the Dividend Ratio?A: The dividend ratio is 0.1410127 of a share of Scilex common stock for each one share of Sorrento common stock held (or underlying the applicable warrants) by the Record Holders as of the close of business on the Record Date.Q: Will I receive Dividend Stock?A: If you are a Record Common Holder  meaning you held Sorrento common stock as of the close of business on the Record Date  you are entitled to receive the Dividend Stock.Q: How do I know if I am a Record Common Holder?A: Stockholder of Record: Shares Registered in Your NameIf at the close of business on January 9  2023  your shares of Sorrento common stock were registered directly in your name with Sorrento’s transfer agent  Pacific Stock Transfer Company ( PST )  then you are the stockholder of record for these shares and a Record Common Holder.Beneficial Owner: Shares Registered in the Name of a Broker  Bank or Other AgentIf at the close of business on January 9  2023  your shares of Sorrento common stock were held  not in your name   but rather in an account at a brokerage firm  bank  dealer or other similar organization  then you are the beneficial owner of shares held in “street name” and the organization holding your account is considered the stockholder of record  or the Record Common Holder  for purposes of the Dividend. As a beneficial owner  you have the right to direct your broker  bank or other agent with respect to the portion of Dividend Stock of which you are a beneficial owner and how it is reflected in your account.Q: What information and documentation was distributed to the Record Common Holders in connection with the Dividend?A: Stockholder of Record: Shares Registered in Your NameIf at the close of business on January 9  2023  your shares of Sorrento common stock were registered directly in your name with Sorrento’s transfer agent  PST  then PST mailed the Information Statement to your address on record with PST. A copy of the Information Statement is attached to this FAQ as Annex A .In addition  on January 19  2023  Scilex’s transfer agent  Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company ( CST )  distributed to you as a Record Common Holder (i) your pro rata portion of the Dividend Stock based on the Dividend Ratio and (ii) a Cash-in-Lieu Payment  if you otherwise were entitled to receive fractional shares of Scilex common stock.The Dividend Stock is evidenced by a book-entry/DRS transaction confirmation ( Dividend Confirmation )  which Dividend Confirmation was mailed to your address on record with Sorrento’s transfer agent  PST. Accordingly  you are now a stockholder of record for your Dividend Stock and your shares are registered directly in your name with Scilex’s transfer agent  CST. If you were entitled to a Cash-in-Lieu Payment  a check for such payment was also mailed to your address on record with PST.Beneficial Owner: Shares Registered in the Name of a Broker  Bank or Other AgentIf at the close of business on January 9  2023  your shares of Sorrento common stock were held  not in your name   but rather in an account at a brokerage firm  bank  dealer or other similar organization  then you are the beneficial owner of shares held in “street name” and the organization holding your account is considered the stockholder of record  or the Record Common Holder  for purposes of the Dividend.As a Record Common Holder  your broker or other agent should have received the Information Statement directly from PST. A copy of the Information Statement is attached to this FAQ as Annex A .As a beneficial owner  you have the right to direct your broker  bank or other agent with respect to the Dividend Stock and how it is reflected in your account. Your broker can also assist you with obtaining your Cash-in-Lieu Payment  if any.Q: What if I did not receive the Information Statement or a Dividend Confirmation?A: A copy of the Information Statement is attached to this FAQ as Annex A .Stockholder of Record: Shares Registered in Your NameTo obtain a copy of your Dividend Confirmation or to check on the status of your Cash-in-Lieu Payment (if any)  please contact Scilex’s transfer agent  CST  by phone or email at:Continental Stock Transfer & Trust CompanyTelephone Number: 800-509-5586Email Address: cstmail@continentalstock.comBeneficial Owner: Shares Registered in the Name of a Broker  Bank or Other AgentIf you hold your shares in “street name” through a brokerage firm  bank  dealer or other similar organization  that organization received a Dividend Confirmation with respect to all Dividend Stock held by its customers and your pro rata portion of the Dividend Stock should be reflected in the statements you receive from your brokerage firm  bank  dealer or other similar organization.A list of brokerage firms  banks  dealers and other similar organizations that received a Dividend Confirmation for shares held in “street name” is set forth on Annex B of this FAQ.IF YOU HAVE ANY QUESTIONS REGARDING YOUR STATEMENT OR ANY OTHER COMMUNICATIONS FROM YOUR BROKER OR OTHER AGENT REGARDING THE DIVIDEND STOCK  PLEASE CONTACT THEM IMMEDIATELY.Q: Why does my brokerage statement indicate that the Dividend Stock has no value?A: If your brokerage statement indicates that the Dividend Stock has no value  please contact your brokerage firm  bank  dealer or other similar organization directly on an immediate basis to ensure that your brokerage statement is accurate and reflects the value of the Dividend Stock.A list of brokerage firms  banks  dealers and other similar organizations that received a Dividend Confirmation for shares held in “street name” is set forth on Annex B of this FAQ.Q: What is the value of the Dividend Stock?A: Scilex common stock is listed on The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC under the symbol “SCLX”. You may obtain the trading and closing prices of Scilex common stock on Nasdaq’s website at Nasdaq.com.Q: What is the CUSIP number for shares of Scilex common stock?A: Scilex’s CUSIP number 80880W106.Q: Is there a separate CUSIP number for the Dividend Stock?A: No. The CUSIP number for the Dividend Stock is the same as all other shares of Scilex common stock.Q: My brokerage statement references an ISIN. What is an ISIN?A: ISIN stands for International Securities Identification Numbering system and is the global ISO standard for unique identification of financial and referential instruments  including equity  debt  derivatives and indices.Note that the ISIN is not the CUSIP number. You should contact your broker immediately for more information about the ISIN and to have the broker include Scilex’s CUSIP number on your brokerage statement.Q: Can I transfer  sell  pledge  loan or otherwise dispose and transfer the Dividend Stock?A: No. The Dividend Stock you will receive on the Payment Date is subject to restrictions on transfer until May 11  2023 and your shares of Dividend Stock will reflect the following restrictive legend  which restriction is also included in your Dividend Confirmation:THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE MAY NOT BE TRANSFERRED  PLEDGED  HYPOTHECATED  LOANED  ENCUMBERED OR OTHERWISE DISPOSED OF WITHOUT THE CONSENT OF SCILEX HOLDING COMPANY (THE “COMPANY”) PRIOR TO MAY 11  2023. A TRANSFER OF THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE SHALL BE DEEMED TO INCLUDE  WITHOUT LIMITATION  THE (A) SALE OR ASSIGNMENT OF  OFFER TO SELL  CONTRACT OR AGREEMENT TO SELL  GRANT OF ANY OPTION TO PURCHASE OR OTHERWISE DISPOSE OF OR AGREEMENT TO DISPOSE OF  DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY  OR ESTABLISHMENT OR INCREASE OF A PUT EQUIVALENT POSITION OR LIQUIDATION WITH RESPECT TO OR DECREASE OF A CALL EQUIVALENT POSITION WITHIN THE MEANING OF SECTION 16 OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934  AS AMENDED (THE “EXCHANGE ACT”)  WITH RESPECT TO  ANY SECURITY OF THE COMPANY  (B) ENTRY INTO ANY SWAP OR OTHER ARRANGEMENT THAT TRANSFERS TO ANOTHER  IN WHOLE OR IN PART  ANY OF THE ECONOMIC CONSEQUENCES OF OWNERSHIP OF ANY SECURITY OF THE COMPANY  WHETHER ANY SUCH TRANSACTION IS TO BE SETTLED BY DELIVERY OF SUCH SECURITIES  IN CASH OR OTHERWISE  AND (C) ENGAGEMENT  WHETHER DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY  IN ANY (I) “SHORT SALE” (AS SUCH TERM IS DEFINED IN RULE 200 OF REGULATION SHO OF THE EXCHANGE ACT) OF THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE OR (II) HEDGING TRANSACTION  WHICH ESTABLISHES A NET SHORT POSITION WITH RESPECT TO ANY SECURITIES OF THE COMPANY (INCLUDING THE COMMON STOCK OF THE COMPANY)  WITH RESPECT TO EACH OF CLAUSES (I) AND (II) HEREOF  EITHER FOR THE HOLDER’S OWN PRINCIPAL ACCOUNT OR FOR THE PRINCIPAL ACCOUNT OF ANY OTHER PERSON.Q: When will I be able to transfer  sell  pledge  or otherwise dispose and transfer the Dividend Stock?A: The foregoing transfer restrictions on the Dividend Stock will be removed on May 12  2023  without any action required by you.Q: If I loaned my shares of Sorrento common stock to short sellers or any other party as of the Record Date  am I still entitled to receive Dividend Stock as of the Payment Date?A: Only Record Holders as of the Record Date are entitled to receive the Dividend Stock. If you were the Record Holder as of the Record Date and are entitled to receive the Dividend Stock  but have not received the Dividend Stock  you may be entitled to receive Dividend Stock from the short seller or other party who borrowed your shares of Sorrento common stock  whether through the lending programs implemented by your brokerage firm  bank  dealer and other similar organization or otherwise. If you were a Record Holder as of the Record Date and have not received your Dividend Stock  please consult with your financial advisor  broker or other agent immediately to determine how to receive your Dividend Stock.Q: What if my shares of Sorrento common stock were sold “short” as of the Record Date?A: According to Sorrento’s estimates  approximately 60 million or more shares of Sorrento common stock were sold “short” as of the Record Date. In the event your shares of Sorrento common stock were held through a brokerage firm  bank  dealer or other similar organization and were sold “short” as of the Record Date  you should consult with your financial advisor  broker or other agent immediately to determine whether you may also be deemed “short” Scilex common stock as a result of the Dividend  as well as any obligations required for you to cover your “short” position(s).Note that “naked short” sales or “naked short” positions in any Sorrento common stock may constitute a violation of SEC Regulation SHO.Q: What if my shares of Scilex common stock issued as the Dividend Stock were sold “short” because my Sorrento common stock was sold “short” as of the Payment Date?A: According to Sorrento’s estimates  approximately 8.4 million or more shares of Scilex common stock were deemed to have been sold “short” as of the Payment Date as a result of the “short” positions of the underlying Sorrento common stock referenced above.In the event your shares of Scilex common stock issued as the Dividend Stock are held through a brokerage firm  bank  dealer or other similar organization and were deemed to have been sold “short” as of the Payment Date as a result of a “short” position in Sorrento’s underlying common stock referenced above  you should consult with your financial advisor  broker or other agent immediately to determine any obligations required to cover your “short” position(s) of Scilex common shares.Note that “naked short” sales or “naked short” positions in any Scilex common stock may constitute a violation of SEC Regulation SHO.Q: If I am deemed “short” the Scilex Divided Stock  what is the borrowing cost for my “short” position in shares of Scilex common stock?A: According to recent reports from various brokerage firms lending shares of Scilex common stock for “short” sales  the current borrowing interest rate is estimated to be over 400% per year. If your Scilex common stock is held through a brokerage firm  bank  dealer or other similar organization and you have a “short” position  please consult with your financial advisor  broker or other agent immediately to determine your borrowing interest rate for your “short” position(s) of Scilex common stock.Note that “naked short” sales or “naked short” positions in any Scilex common stock may constitute a violation of SEC Regulation SHO.Q: What is the estimated “short” position of the Scilex common stock as of the Payment Date?A: According to Sorrento’s estimates  approximately 8.4 million or more shares of Scilex common stock were deemed to have been sold “short” as of the Payment Date.If your Scilex common stock is held through a brokerage firm  bank  dealer or other similar organization and your shares of Scilex common stock were sold “short” as of the Payment Date  you should consult with your financial advisor  broker or other agent immediately to determine any obligations required to cover your “short” position(s) of Scilex common shares.Note that “naked short” sales or “naked short” positions in any Scilex common stock may constitute a violation of SEC Regulation SHO.Q: What is the public float (i.e.  unrestricted and freely tradeable shares) of the Scilex common stock as of the Payment Date?A: Approximately 2.5 million shares of Scilex common stock were unrestricted and freely tradable as of the Payment Date. This public float may be increased if some or all of the unrestricted and freely tradable “public” warrants to purchase shares of Scilex common stock are exercised. The exercise price of the Scilex “public” warrants is $11.50 per share (subject to adjustment for recapitalizations  stock splits and similar transactions and as provided in the warrants).Q: How many Scilex warrants are currently outstanding?A: There are approximately 11 million unrestricted and freely tradable warrants to purchase shares of Scilex common stock outstanding and such warrants have an exercise price of $11.50 per share (subject to adjustment for recapitalizations  stock splits and similar transactions and as provided in the warrants). Sorrento owns approximately 4.5 million Scilex warrants (of which approximately 3.1 million are private warrants) and Vickers Venture Fund VI Pte Ltd and its affiliates own one million Scilex private warrants.Q: Will Scilex management take any actions with respect to the substantial “naked short” positions of Scilex common stock that represents approximately three times the public float of Scilex common stock?A: Yes. The management teams of both Scilex and Sorrento are in consultation with their outside legal counsel to explore all legal avenues to resolve the imbalance of the substantial “naked short” positions of Scilex common stock estimated to be approximately 8.4 million or more shares of Scilex common stock as compared to the limited public float of approximately 2.5 million shares of Scilex common stock.Scilex and Sorrento will send a written notification to the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority (FINRA)  which oversees U.S. broker-dealers  to advise FINRA of the substantial “naked short” positions of Scilex common stock. Sorrento and Scilex will offer to work closely with FINRA and other regulatory agencies to enforce compliance with applicable laws  rules and regulations governing market participants  which strictly prohibit intentional or abusive “naked shorting” of publicly traded securities.Annex AInformation StatementJanuary 10  2023Dear Sorrento Therapeutics  Inc. Stockholder:As Sorrento Therapeutics  Inc. (“ Sorrento ”) previously announced  on December 29  2022 our board of directors declared a stock dividend (the “ Dividend ”) consisting of an aggregate of 76 000 000 shares (the “ Dividend Stock ”) of common stock  par value $0.0001 per share  of Scilex Holding Company (“ Scilex Common Stock ”) held by Sorrento to record holders of (i) Sorrento’s common stock  par value $0.0001 per share (such stock  the “ Sorrento Common Stock ” and such record holders  the “ Record Common Holders ”) as of the close of business on January 9  2023 (the “ Record Date ”)  and (ii) certain warrants to purchase Sorrento Common Stock that  among other things  have not been exercised prior to the ex-dividend date under the rules of The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC (and which have or may have the right to participate in the Dividend pursuant to the terms of their respective warrants) (the “ Record Warrant Holders ” and together with the Record Common Holders  the “ Record Holders ”)  which Dividend shall be paid on January 19  2023 (the “ Payment Date ”) and shall be apportioned on a pro rata basis among the Record Holders in accordance with each Record Holder’s ownership percentage of Sorrento Common Stock (assuming the full exercise of all outstanding warrants to purchase Sorrento Common Stock) as of the Record Date as set forth in the records of Sorrento’s transfer agent (with respect to the Record Common Holders) and Sorrento (with respect to the Record Warrant Holders) as of such date.Scilex Holding Company (“ Scilex ”) is Sorrento’s majority-controlled  public-reporting subsidiary and the Scilex Common Stock is currently listed and traded on the Nasdaq Capital Market under the ticker symbol “SCLX”. As a public-reporting company  Scilex files periodic reports and other information with the SEC  which reports and other information can be found on the Securities and Exchange Commission’s Internet site at http://www.sec.gov.Each Record Common Holder will receive (and each applicable Record Warrantholder will be entitled to receive following the exercise of such holder’s applicable warrants) 0.1410127 of a share of Scilex Common Stock for each one (1) share of Sorrento Common Stock held (or underlying the applicable warrants) by such Record Holder as of the close of business on the Record Date. The Dividend Stock will be subject to certain transfer restrictions through May 11  2023  as more fully described in the attached information statement and notice. Payment of the Dividend is conditioned upon Sorrento’s board of directors not revoking the dividend prior to the Payment Date.The Dividend Stock will be paid out in uncertificated (i.e.  book-entry) form  which means that no physical share certificates will be delivered to you. No fractional shares of Scilex Common Stock will be issued in the Dividend. To the extent a Record Holder of Sorrento would otherwise be entitled to receive fractional shares of Scilex Common Stock in the Dividend  such holders shall receive cash (without interest or deduction) in lieu of such fractional shares in an amount equal to the product obtained by multiplying (a) the closing price of Scilex Common Stock on the Nasdaq Capital Market on the Record Date  by (b) the fraction of one share of Scilex Common Stock that such equityholder would have otherwise been entitled to receive as a Dividend in respect of shares of Sorrento Common Stock held by such Record Holder (after aggregating all such fractional shares otherwise issuable to such equityholder in connection with the Dividend).You should consult your own tax advisor as to the particular tax consequences of the Dividend  including potential tax consequences under state  local  and non-U.S. tax laws.The Dividend does not require Sorrento stockholder approval  and you do not need to take any action to receive your Dividend Stock. Upon the payment of the Dividend  you will own common stock in both Sorrento (if you retained this stock following the Record Date) and Scilex. Sorrento Common Stock is expected to continue to trade on the Nasdaq Capital Market under the ticker symbol “SRNE” and Scilex Common Stock is expected to continue to trade on the Nasdaq Capital Market under the ticker symbol “SCLX”.Scilex is an innovative revenue-generating company focused on acquiring  developing and commercializing non-opioid pain management products for the treatment of acute and chronic pain. Scilex believes that its innovative non-opioid product portfolio has the potential to provide effective pain management therapies that can have a transformative impact on patients’ lives. Scilex targets indications with high unmet needs and large market opportunities with non-opioid therapies for the treatment of patients with acute and chronic pain and are dedicated to advancing and improving patient outcomes.We want to thank you for your support of Sorrento (including our subsidiary  Scilex) and it is my great privilege to welcome you as a future stockholder of Scilex  and we look forward to your continued support in the future.The enclosed information statement and notice  which we are mailing to all Sorrento stockholders as of the close of business on the Record Date  describes the Dividend and refers you to important business and financial information about SCLX  including Scilex’s strategy and plans for near and long-term growth to generate value for its stockholders. We urge you to read this information statement and notice carefully.Sincerely Henry Ji  Ph.D.Chairman of the Board of Directors  Chief Executive Officer  and President of Sorrento Therapeutics  Inc. and the Executive Chairperson of Scilex Holding CompanyINFORMATION STATEMENTANDNOTICE PURSUANT TO SECTION 151(F) AND SECTION 202OF THE DELAWARE GENERAL CORPORATION LAWSCILEX HOLDING COMPANYCommon Stock  par value $0.0001 per shareUnless the context otherwise requires  references in this information statement to “we ” “us ” “our ” “Scilex ” and “the Company” generally refer to Scilex Holding Company  together with its subsidiaries.This information statement and notice pursuant to Section 151(f) and Section 202 of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware (“ DGCL ”)  including the Summary of the Dividend attached hereto  is being furnished to you as a holder of common stock of Sorrento Therapeutics  Inc. (“ Sorrento ”). As Sorrento previously announced  on December 29  2022 Sorrento’s board of directors (the “ Sorrento Board ”) declared a stock dividend (the “ Dividend ”) consisting of an aggregate of 76 000 000 shares (the “ Dividend Stock ”) of common stock  par value $0.0001 per share  of Scilex Holding Company (“ Scilex Common Stock ”) held by Sorrento to record holders of (i) Sorrento’s common stock  par value $0.0001 per share (such stock  the “ Sorrento Common Stock ” and such record holders  the “ Record Common Holders ”) as of the close of business on January 9  2023 (the “ Record Date ”)  and (ii) certain warrants to purchase Sorrento Common Stock that  among other things  have not been exercised prior to the ex-dividend date under the rules of The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC (and which have or may have the right to participate in the Dividend pursuant to the terms of their respective warrants) (the “ Record Warrant Holders ” and together with the Record Common Holders  the “ Record Holders ”)  which Dividend (unless otherwise determined by the Board) shall be paid on January 19  2023 (the “ Payment Date ”) and shall be apportioned on a pro rata basis among the Record Holders in accordance with each Record Holder’s ownership percentage of Sorrento Common Stock (assuming the full exercise of all outstanding warrants to purchase Sorrento Common Stock) as of the Record Date as set forth in the records of Sorrento’s transfer agent (with respect to the Record Common Holders) and Sorrento (with respect to the Record Warrant Holders) as of such date.We are a majority-controlled  public-reporting subsidiary of Sorrento (which currently holds 96.7% of our currently outstanding voting stock). The Scilex Common Stock is currently listed and traded on the Nasdaq Capital Market under the ticker symbol “SCLX”. As a public-reporting company  Scilex files periodic reports and other information with the Securities and Exchange Commission (“ SEC ”)  which reports and other information can be found on the Securities and Exchange Commission’s Internet site at http://www.sec.gov.Scilex is an innovative revenue-generating company focused on acquiring  developing and commercializing non-opioid pain management products for the treatment of acute and chronic pain. Scilex believes that its innovative non-opioid product portfolio has the potential to provide effective pain management therapies that can have a transformative impact on patients’ lives. Scilex targets indications with high unmet needs and large market opportunities with non-opioid therapies for the treatment of patients with acute and chronic pain and are dedicated to advancing and improving patient outcomes. Scilex launched its first commercial product in October 2018 and is developing its late-stage pipeline  which includes a pivotal Phase 3 candidate  a Phase 2 candidate and a Phase 1 candidate that is expected to enter into Phase 2 studies in the first half of 2023. Scilex’s commercial product  ZTlido (lidocaine topical system) 1.8% (“ ZTlido ”) is a prescription lidocaine topical product approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration  for the relief of neuropathic pain associated with postherpetic neuralgia which is a form of post-shingles nerve pain. ZTlido possesses novel delivery and adhesion technology designed to address many of the limitations of current prescription lidocaine patches by providing significantly improved adhesion and continuous pain relief throughout the 12-hour administration period.On the payment date for the Dividend  each Record Common Holder will receive (and each applicable Record Warrantholder will be entitled to receive following the exercise of such holder’s applicable warrants) 0.1410127 of a share of Scilex Common Stock for each one (1) share of Sorrento Common Stock held (or underlying the applicable warrants) by such Record Holder as of the close of business on the Record Date. In lieu of receiving fractional shares of Dividend Stock otherwise apportioned to the Record Common Holder  each Record Common Holder will receive cash representing the fair market value of such fractional shares. The Dividend Stock will be subject to certain transfer restrictions through May 11  2023  as more fully described below. Payment of the Dividend is conditioned upon the Sorrento Board not revoking the dividend prior to the Payment Date.Immediately after Sorrento completes the Dividend  Sorrento will hold approximately 52.1% of our currently outstanding voting stock.You are urged to consult your tax advisor as to the particular U.S. federal  state  local  and non-U.S. tax consequences to you of receiving the Dividend.If you are a corporate U.S. Holder (as defined below)  you may be eligible for a dividends-received deduction (subject to certain requirements and limitations) with respect to your receipt of the Dividend  but the Dividend may be subject to certain “extraordinary dividend” provisions of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986  as amended (the “ Code ”). Such provisions may result in a reduction in the adjusted basis of your Sorrento Common Stock and  potentially  recognition of gain.If you are a non-corporate U.S. Holder (as defined below)  the Dividend (including cash paid in lieu of fractional shares) to be made to you may be subject to backup withholding at a rate of 24% of the fair market value of such Dividend  unless you provide a correct taxpayer identification number by delivering a properly executed IRS Form W-9 (or successor form).If you are not a U.S. Holder (as defined below)  the Dividend (including cash paid in lieu of fractional shares) to be made to you may be subject to withholding at a rate of 30% of the fair market value of such Dividend  unless you establish an entitlement to a reduced rate of withholding by providing a properly executed IRS Form W-8 BEN  W-8BEN-E  or other applicable IRS Form W-8 (or successor form).As used above  a “ U.S. Holder ” is a beneficial owner of Sorrento Common Stock that for U.S. federal income tax purposes is (a) an individual who is a citizen or resident of the United States; (b) a corporation created or organized under the laws of the United States  any state thereof or the District of Columbia; (c) an estate  the income of which is subject to United States federal income taxation regardless of its source; or (d) a trust  if a court within the United States is able to exercise primary supervision over the administration of the trust and one or more United States persons has the authority to control all substantial decisions of the trust  or  if the trust was in existence on August 20  1996  and it has elected to continue to be treated as a United States person.The Dividend (including cash paid in lieu of fractional shares of Dividend Stock) may be includable in ordinary taxable income to you in the year that includes the Payment Date to the extent of a portion of Sorrento’s current and accumulated earnings and profits. To the extent that the fair market value of the Dividend exceeds Sorrento’s current and accumulated earnings and profits  the Dividend will first be treated as a non-taxable return of basis  and any amounts in excess of such adjusted basis will constitute capital gain.No vote or other action is required by you to receive the Dividend Stock. You will not be required to pay anything to Sorrento or Scilex for the new shares or to surrender any of your shares of Sorrento Common Stock. We are not asking you for a proxy  and you should not send us a proxy or your share certificates.In reviewing this information statement  you should carefully review the reports and other information that we file with the SEC and we specifically refer you to our (i) registration statement on Form S-4 (File No. 333-264941)  including the appendices and exhibits thereto  under the Securities Act  initially filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”) on May 13  2022 (as subsequently amended)  which was declared effective by the SEC on October 28  2022 (the “ Registration Statement ”)  (ii) final prospectus with respect to the Registration Statement  filed with the SEC on October 28  2022 (the “ Prospectus ”)  and (iii) Current Report on Form 8-K  filed with the SEC on November 17  2022 (the “ Super 8-K ” and together with the Registration Statement and the Prospectus  the “ Disclosure Materials ”).You should also carefully review the risks and uncertainties described under the heading “Risk Factors” in the Registration Statement and Prospectus.Neither the Securities and Exchange Commission  nor any state securities commission has approved or disapproved these securities or determined if this information statement is truthful or complete. Any representation to the contrary is a criminal offense.This information statement does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any securities.The date of this information statement and notice pursuant to Section 151(f) and Section 202 of the DGCL is January 10  2022.SUMMARY OF THE DIVIDEND Distributing Company: Sorrento Therapeutics  Inc. Distributed Company: Scilex Holding Company  a majority-controlled  public reporting subsidiary of Sorrento Dividend Stock: Sorrento will distribute an aggregate of 76 000 000 shares of Scilex Common Stock in the Dividend. Dividend Ratio: Each Record Common Holder will receive (and each applicable Record Warrantholder will be entitled to receive following the exercise of such holder’s applicable warrants) 0.1410127 of a share of Scilex Common Stock for each one (1) share of Sorrento Common Stock held (or underlying the applicable warrants) by such Record Holder as of the close of business on the Record Date. Treatment of Fractional Shares: No fractional shares shall be issued in connection with the Dividend and the Record Holders who otherwise would be entitled to receive fractional shares of the Scilex Common Stock shall receive cash (without interest or deduction) in lieu of such fractional shares in an amount equal to the product obtained by multiplying (a) the closing price of Scilex Common Stock on the Nasdaq Capital Market on the Record Date  by (b) the fraction of one share of Scilex Common Stock that such Record Holder would have otherwise been entitled to receive as a Dividend in respect of shares of Sorrento Common Stock held by such Record Holder (after aggregating all such fractional shares otherwise issuable to such Record Holder in connection with the Dividend). Record Date: January 9  2023 Payment Date: January 19  2023 Dividend: On the Payment Date  Sorrento  with the assistance of Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company  Scilex’s transfer agent (“ Continental ”)  will electronically distribute shares of Scilex Common Stock to you via a registered position held at Continental until the expiration of the lock-up period described below. You will not be required to make any payment to Sorrento or Scilex or surrender or exchange your shares of Sorrento Common Stock to receive your shares of Scilex Common Stock on the Payment Date. Market for Scilex Common Stock: Our common stock is listed on the Nasdaq Capital Market under the symbol “SCLX.” Transfer Agent for Scilex: Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company Notice of Transfer Restrictions: Notice is hereby given pursuant to Sections 151(f) and 202 of the Delaware General Corporation Law (“ DGCL ”)  that the shares of Scilex Common Stock you will receive as a Dividend will be issued to you in uncertificated (i.e.  book-entry) form.The Dividend Stock you will receive on the Payment Date will be subject to restrictions on transfer until May 11  2023 and your shares of Dividend Stock will reflect the following restrictive legend:THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE MAY NOT BE TRANSFERRED  PLEDGED  HYPOTHECATED  LOANED  ENCUMBERED OR OTHERWISE DISPOSED OF WITHOUT THE CONSENT OF SCILEX HOLDING COMPANY (THE “COMPANY”) PRIOR TO MAY 11  2023. A TRANSFER OF THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE SHALL BE DEEMED TO INCLUDE  WITHOUT LIMITATION  THE (A) SALE OR ASSIGNMENT OF  OFFER TO SELL  CONTRACT OR AGREEMENT TO SELL  GRANT OF ANY OPTION TO PURCHASE OR OTHERWISE DISPOSE OF OR AGREEMENT TO DISPOSE OF  DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY  OR ESTABLISHMENT OR INCREASE OF A PUT EQUIVALENT POSITION OR LIQUIDATION WITH RESPECT TO OR DECREASE OF A CALL EQUIVALENT POSITION WITHIN THE MEANING OF SECTION 16 OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934  AS AMENDED (THE “EXCHANGE ACT”)  WITH RESPECT TO  ANY SECURITY OF THE COMPANY  (B) ENTRY INTO ANY SWAP OR OTHER ARRANGEMENT THAT TRANSFERS TO ANOTHER  IN WHOLE OR IN PART  ANY OF THE ECONOMIC CONSEQUENCES OF OWNERSHIP OF ANY SECURITY OF THE COMPANY  WHETHER ANY SUCH TRANSACTION IS TO BE SETTLED BY DELIVERY OF SUCH SECURITIES  IN CASH OR OTHERWISE  AND (C) ENGAGEMENT  WHETHER DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY  IN ANY (I) “SHORT SALE” (AS SUCH TERM IS DEFINED IN RULE 200 OF REGULATION SHO OF THE EXCHANGE ACT) OF THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE OR (II) HEDGING TRANSACTION  WHICH ESTABLISHES A NET SHORT POSITION WITH RESPECT TO ANY SECURITIES OF THE COMPANY (INCLUDING THE COMMON STOCK OF THE COMPANY)  WITH RESPECT TO EACH OF CLAUSES (I) AND (II) HEREOF  EITHER FOR THE HOLDER’S OWN PRINCIPAL ACCOUNT OR FOR THE PRINCIPAL ACCOUNT OF ANY OTHER PERSON.In addition  please be advised that the Company will furnish without charge to each stockholder of the Company who so requests the powers  designations  preferences and relative  participating  optional or other special rights of each class of stock  or series thereof  of the Company and the qualifications  limitations or restrictions of such preferences and/or rights  which are fixed by the Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Company  as amended from time to time. Any such request should be directed to the Secretary of the Company.U.S. Federal Income Tax Consequences: The Dividend (including cash paid in lieu of fractional shares of Dividend Stock) may be includable in ordinary taxable income to you in the year that includes the Payment Date to the extent of a portion of Sorrento’s current and accumulated earnings and profits. To the extent that the fair market value of the Dividend exceeds Sorrento’s current and accumulated earnings and profits  the Dividend will first be treated as a non-taxable return of basis  and any amounts in excess of such adjusted basis will constitute capital gain.If you are a corporate U.S. Holder  you may be eligible for a dividends-received deduction (subject to certain requirements and limitations) with respect to your receipt of the Dividend  but the Dividend may be subject to certain “extraordinary dividend” provisions of the Code. Such provisions may result in a reduction of the adjusted basis of your Sorrento Common Stock and  potentially  recognition of gain.If you are not a U.S. Holder  the Dividend to be made to you may be subject to withholding at a rate of 30% of the fair market value of such Dividend  unless you establish an entitlement to a reduced rate of withholding by providing a properly executed IRS Form W-8 BEN  W-8BEN-E  or other applicable IRS Form W-8 (or successor form).This discussion does not address all aspects of U.S. federal income taxes. Furthermore  the discussion above is based upon the provisions of the Code  and Treasury regulations  rulings  and judicial decisions thereunder as of the date hereof  and such authorities may be repealed  revoked  or modified  possibly retroactively  and are subject to differing interpretations which could result in U.S. federal income tax consequences different from those discussed above. You are urged to consult your tax advisor as to the particular U.S. federal  state  local  and non-U.S. tax consequences to you of receiving the Dividend.Corporate Information: We were incorporated under the name “Vickers Vantage Corp. I” on February 21  2020 as a Cayman Islands exempted company for the purpose of effecting a merger  share exchange  asset acquisition  share purchase  reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses or entities. On November 9  2022  we changed our jurisdiction of incorporation by deregistering as a Cayman Islands exempted company and continuing and domesticating as a corporation incorporated under the laws of the State of Delaware. On November 9  2022  we changed our name to “Scilex Holding Company”.Our principal executive offices are located at 960 San Antonio Road  Palo Alto  California 94303  and our telephone number is (650) 516-4310. Our website address is www.scilexholding.com. Any information contained on  or that can be accessed through  our website is not incorporated by reference into  nor is it in any way part of this information statement and notice and should not be relied upon in connection with making any decision with respect to an investment in our securities. We are required to file annual  quarterly and current reports  proxy statements and other information with the SEC. You may obtain any of the documents filed by us with the SEC at no cost from the SEC’s website at http://www.sec.gov.Risk Factors: Owning shares of Scilex Common Stock involves a high degree of risk. You should carefully read the risk factors  as well as the other information set forth in the Disclosure Materials (as defined below)  including matters addressed in the section titled “Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements” (set forth in the Disclosure Materials).WHERE YOU CAN FIND MORE INFORMATION In connection with the completion of our previously announced business combination with Vickers Vantage Corp. I on November 10  2022 (the “ Business Combination ”)  we have filed (i) a registration statement on Form S-4 (File No. 333-264941)  including exhibits  under the Securities Act  initially filed with the SEC on May 13  2022 (as subsequently amended) and which was declared effective by the SEC on October 28  2022 (the “ Registration Statement ”)  (ii) a final prospectus with respect to the Registration Statement  filed with the SEC on October 28  2022 (the “ Prospectus ”)  and (iii) a Current Report on Form 8-K  filed with the SEC on November 17  2022 (the “ Super 8-K ” and together with the Registration Statement and the Prospectus  the “ Disclosure Materials ”).The Disclosure Materials contain detailed information regarding  among other things  our business  management  executive and director compensation  financial condition (including pro forma information related to the Business Combination  historical financial statements and our management’s discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations)  a description of our securities and certain relationships and related party transactions.If you would like to request a copy of any of the Disclosure Materials  you may do so by contacting Angela Lamb at our transfer agent (Pacific Stock Transfer Company) by email at cs@pacificstocktransfer.com or by phone at 702-361-3033 and such materials will be provided to you free of charge.In addition  because we are a reporting company we also file periodic reports and other information with the SEC. The SEC maintains an Internet site that contains such reports and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC  including Scilex Holding Company. The SEC’s Internet site can be found at http://www.sec.gov. You can read copies of such documents  along with copies of reports  proxy statements and other information filed by us with the SEC at the SEC’s website at http://www.sec.gov.We also maintain a website at www.scilexholding.com. Through our website  we make available  free of charge  annual  quarterly and current reports  proxy statements and other information as soon as reasonably practicable after they are electronically filed with  or furnished to  the SEC. The information contained on  or that may be accessed through  our website is not part of  and is not incorporated into  this information statement and notice and the inclusion of our website address in this information statement and notice is an inactive textual reference only.Annex BBroker ListBroker Name Broker Address Broker Name Broker Address ABN AMRO CLEARING CHICAGO LLC 175 WEST JACKSON BLVD.CHICAGOIL ILLINOIS60604 US Albert Fried & Company LLC 45 BROADWAY  24TH FLOOR24TH FLOORNEW YORKNY NEW YORK10006 US AMALGAMATED BANK 275 7TH AVENUENEW YORKNY NEW YORK10003 US AMERICAN ENTERPRISE INVESTMENT SERVICES INC. 682 AMERIPRISE FINANCIAL CENTERMINNEAPOLISMN MINNESOTA55474 US APEX CLEARING CORPORATION 2 GATEWAY CENTER 283-299 MARKET ST16TH FLOORNEWARKNJ NEW JERSEY07102-5005 US BANK OF AMERICA  NA/GWIM TRUST OPERATIONS 901 MAIN STREET12TH FLOORDALLASTX TEXAS23113 US BANK OF NEW YORK MELLON 111 SANDERS CREEK PARKWAY 2ND FLOOR2ND FLOOREAST SYRACUSENY NEW YORK13057 US. BARCLAYS CAPITAL INC. DTC CUSTODY PARTICIPANT- NY WINDOW -570 WASHINGTON BLVD (ATTN: ROSA HICKS-MILLER OR ROBERT MENDEZJERSEY CITYNJ NEW JERSEY07310 US BARCLAYS CAPITAL INC. DTC CUSTODY PARTICIPANT- NY WINDOW -570 WASHINGTON BLVD (ATTN: ROSA HICKS-MILLER OR ROBERT MENDEZJERSEY CITYNJ NEW JERSEY07310 US BMO CAPITAL MARKETS CORP. 3 2ND STREET12TH FLOORJERSEY CITYNJ NEW JERSEY07302 US BMO HARRIS BANK NA/TRUST 11270 W PARK PLMILWAUKEEWI WISCONSIN53224 US BMO Nesbitt Burns Inc.  Toronto 250 YONGE STREET  7TH FLOOR7TH FLOORTORONTOON ONTARIOM5B 2M8 CA CANADA BNP PARIBAS  NEW YORK BRANCH/BNP PARIBAS PRIME BROKERAGE CUSTODIAN 100 WEST 33RD STREET3RD FLOORNEW YORKNY NEW YORK10001 BNP PARIBAS  NEW YORK BRANCH/BNP PARIBAS PRIME BROKERAGE CUSTODIAN 100 WEST 33RD STREET3RD FLOORNEW YORKNY NEW YORK10001 BNY MELLON PO BOX 392002500 ROSS STREETPITTSBURGHPA PENNSYLVANIA15262 US BNY MELLON/WEALTH MANAGEMENT 1 FREEDOM VALLEY DRIVEOAKSPA PENNSYLVANIA19456 US BNYMELLON 111 SANDERS CREEK PARKWAY 2ND FLOOR2ND FLOOREAST SYRACUSENY NEW YORK13057 US BNYMELLON/RE BARCLAYS CAPITAL SECURITIES LTD. ONE WALL STREETNEW YORKNY NEW YORK10286 BNYMELLON/RE CACEIS BANK LUXEMBOURG 500 Grant St.BNY Mellon CenterPITTSBURGHPA PENNSYLVANIA15258 BNYMELLON/RE CACEIS BANK  NETHERLANDS 111 SANDERS CREEK PARKWAYEAST SYRACUSENY NEW YORK13057 BNYMELLON/RE CHARLES STANLEY AND COMPANY  LIMITED 111 SANDERS CREEK PARKWAY 2ND FLOOR2ND FLOOREAST SYRACUSENY NEW YORK13057 US BNYMELLON/RE ETF - ISHARES DTC/NSCC 111 SANDERS CREEK PARKWAYEAST SYRACUSENY NEW YORK13057 BNYMELLON/RE WINTERFLOOD SECURITIES LTD 500 Grant St.BNY Mellon CenterPITTSBURGHPA PENNSYLVANIA15258 BOFA 4804 Deer Lake Drive EastFL9-803-04-04- 4th floorJACKSONVILLEFL FLORIDA32246 US BOFA 4804 Deer Lake Drive EastFL9-803-04-04- 4th floorJACKSONVILLEFL FLORIDA32246 US BOFA SECURITIES INC 4804 Deer Lake Drive EastFL9-803-04-04- 4th floorJACKSONVILLEFL FLORIDA32246 US BROWN BROTHERS HARRIMAN & CO. 140 BROADWAYATTN: CORPORATE ACTIONS VAULTNEW YORKNY NEW YORK10005 US BROWN BROTHERS HARRIMAN & CO./ETF 140 BROADWAYNEW YORKNY NEW YORK10005 CALDWELL SECURITIES LTD./CDS** 55 UNIVERSITY AVENUESUITE 340TORONTOON ONTARIOM5J 2H7 CANADA CANACCORD GENUITY CORP. 609 GRANVILLE STVANCOUVERBC BRITISH COLUMBIAV7Y 1H2 CA CANADA CANTOR  FITZGERALD & CO. 135 E 57TH ST 5TH FLNEW YORKNY NEW YORK10041 US CDS CLEARING AND DEPOSITORY SERVICES INC. 100 ADELAIDE STREET WESTTORONTOON ONTARIOM5H 1S3 CA CANADA CETERA INVESTMENT SERVICES LLC 400 FIRST STREET SOUTH  SUITE 300SUITE 300ST. CLOUDMN MINNESOTA56302-0283 US CHARLES SCHWAB & CO.  INC. 211 MAIN STREETSAN FRANCISCOCA CALIFORNIA94105 US CI INVESTMENT SERVICES INC. 199 BAY STREETSUITE 2600TORONTOON ONTARIOM5L 1E2 CA CANADA CIBC WORLD MARKETS INC./CDS** 161 BAY STREET 10 FLTORONTOON ONTARIOM5J 2S8 CA CANADA CITIBANK  N.A./ETF 3800 CITIGROUP CENTERB2/2TAMPAFL FLORIDA33610 CITIBANK  NATIONAL ASSOCIATION 3800 CITIBANK CENTER TAMPABLDG.B FIRST FLOOR ZONE 8TAMPAFL FLORIDA33610-9122 US CITIGROUP GLOBAL MARKETS  INC. 580 CROSSPOINT PARKWAYGETZVILLENY NEW YORK14068 US CLEAR STREET LLC 4 World Trade Center  45th Floor150 Greenwich StreetNEW YORKNY NEW YORK10007 CLEARSTREET IO 55 BROADWAY (SUITE 2102)CORPORATE ACTIONSNEW YORKNEW YORK10006 US COMMERCE BANK 922 WALNUT STREETMAIL STOP TBTS-2KANSAS CITYMO MISSOURI64106 US COR CLEARING LLC 9300 UNDERWOOD AVESUITE 400OMAHANE NEBRASKA68114 US Credential Securities Inc. 800-1111 WEST GEORGIA STREETVANCOUVERBC BRITISH COLUMBIAV6E 4T6 CA CANADA CREST INTERNATIONAL NOMINEES LIMITED 33 CANNON STREETLONDONEC4M 5SB GB UNITED KINGDO CURVATURE SECURITIES  LLC 39 MAIN STREETCHATHAMNJ NEW JERSEY07928 US D.A. DAVIDSON & CO. 8 3RD STREET NORTHGREAT FALLSMT MONTANA59401 US DEPOSITO CENTRAL DE VALORES S.A.  DEPOSITO DE VALORES AVENIDA APOQUINDO # 4001FLOOR 12  C.P.7550162  SANTIAGOCL CHILE DESJARDINS SECURITIES INC. 1253 McGill College10TH FLOORMONTREALQUEBECH3B 2Y5 CA CANADA DEUTSCHE BANK AG NY/US CUSTODY 1251 Avenue Of The AmericasNEW YORKNY NEW YORK10020 DEUTSCHE BANK SECURITIES INC. 60 WALL STREET9TH FLOORNEW YORKNY NEW YORK10005 US DRIVEWEALTH  LLC 15 EXCHANGE PLACE10TH FLOORJERSEY CITYNEW JERSEY07302 E*TRADE CLEARING LLC HARBORSIDE FINANCIAL CENTER501 PLAZA 11JERSEY CITYNJ NEW JERSEY07311 US EDWARD D. JONES & CO.  L.P. 12555 MANCHESTER ROADST. LOUISMO MISSOURI63131-3729 US EDWARD D. JONES & CO.  L.P. 201 PROGRESS PARKWAYMARYLAND HEIGHTSMO MISSOURI63043 US FIDELITY CLEARING CANADA ULC/CDS** 483 BAY ST.SOUTH TOWERTORONTOON ONTARIOM5G2N7 CA CANADA FIFTH THIRD BANK 5001 KINGSLEY DRIVEMAIL DROP 1MOB28CINCINNATIOH OHIO45227 US FOLIO INVESTMENTS  INC. 8180 GREENSBORO DRIVE8TH FLOORMCLEANVA VIRGINIA22102 US FUTU CLEARING INC. 12750 Merit DriveSUITE 475DALLASTX TEXAS75251 GMP SECURITIES L.P. 145 KING STREET WEST  SUITE 30011TH FLOORTORONTOON ONTARIOMJ5 1J8 CA CANADA GOLDMAN  SACHS & CO. LLC 222 SOUTH MAIN STREETAttn: Mandatory Corporate ActionsSALT LAKE CITYUT UTAH84101 US HAYWOOD SECURITIES INC./CDS** 200 BURRARD STWATERFRONT CENTRE SUITE 700VANCOUVERBC BRITISH COLUMBIAV6C 3L6 CANADA HILLTOP SECURITIES INC. 1201 ELM ST.35TH FLOORDALLASTX TEXAS75270 US HRT FINANCIAL LLC 150 GREENWICH STREET (ATTN: SETTLEMENT) FOUR WORLD TRADE CENTER57TH FLOORNEW YORKNY NEW YORK10007 US HSBC BANK USA  NA/HSBC CUSTODY & CLEARING SERVICES FOR STOCK LOAN 452 FIFTH AVENUEATTN: HBUS CCS SETTSNEW YORKNY NEW YORK10018 US HSBC BANK USA  NATIONAL ASSOCIATION 452 FIFTH AVENUEATTN: HBUS CCS SETTSNEW YORKNEW YORK10018 US INTERACTIVE BROKERS LLC 2 PICKWICK PLAZA2ND FLOORGREENWICHCT CONNECTICUT06830 US J.P. MORGAN CHASE BANK NA/FBO BLACKROCK CTF 1111 POLARIS PARKWAYCOLUMBUSOH OHIO43240 J.P. MORGAN CLEARING CORP. FOUR CHASE METROTECH CENTER3RD FLOORBROOKLYNNY NEW YORK11201 US JANNEY MONTGOMERY SCOTT LLC 1717 ARCH STREET17TH FLOORPHILADELPHIAPA PENNSYLVANIA19103 US JEFFERIES LLC 101 HUDSON STREET  11th FloorNEW JERSEYNJ NEW JERSEY07302 US JPMORGAN CHASE BANK  NATIONAL ASSOCIATION FOUR CHASE METROTECH CENTER3RD FLOORBROOKLYNNY NEW YORK11201 US JPMORGAN CHASE BANK/EUROCLEAR BANK FOUR CHASE METROTECH CENTER3RD FLOORBROOKLYNNY NEW YORK11245 US JPMORGAN CHASE BANK/IA FOUR CHASE METROTECH CENTER3RD FLOORBROOKLYNNY NEW YORK11201 US KEYBANK NATIONAL ASSOCIATION 4900 TIEDEMAN RDBROOKLYNOH OHIO44144 US LAURENTIAN BANK SECURITIES INC. 1981 MCGILL COLLEGE AVE.SUITE 100MONTREALQUEBECH3A 3K3 CA CANADA LPL FINANCIAL LLC 4707 EXECUTIVE DRIVESAN DIEGOCA CALIFORNIA92121 US MANUFACTURERS AND TRADERS TRUST COMPANY ONE M&T PLAZATRUST OPS 8TH FLOORBUFFALONY NEW YORK14203 US MANULIFE SECURITIES INCORPORATED 1235 NORTH SERVICE ROAD WESTOAKVILLEON ONTARIOL6M 2W2 CA CANADA MARSCO INVESTMENT CORPORATION 101 EISENHOWER PARKWAYROSELANDNJ NEW JERSEY07068 US MERRILL LYNCH  PIERCE  FENNER & SMITH INCORPORATED 4804 Deer Lake Drive EastFL9-803-04-04- 4th floorJACKSONVILLEFL FLORIDA32246 US MIRAE ASSET SECURITIES (USA) INC./STOCK LOAN CONDUIT ACCOUNT 810 SEVENTH AVE37TH FLOORNEW YORKNY NEW YORK10019 MIRAE ASSET SECURITIES (USA)  INC. 810 SEVENTH AVE37TH FLOORNEW YORKNY NEW YORK10019 MITSUBISHI UFJ TRUST & BANKING CORPORATION  NEW YORK BRANCH 280 PARK AVE39TH FL-WEST BLDGNEW YORKNY NEW YORK10017 Morgan Stanley 1300 THAMES STREETTHAMES STREET WHARFBALTIMOREMD MARYLAND21231 US MORGAN STANLEY & CO. LLC 1300 THAMES ST.BALTIMOREMD MARYLAND MORGAN STANLEY SMITH BARNEY LLC 1 NEW YORK PLAZA39TH FLOORNEW YORKNY NEW YORK10004 US MURIEL SIEBERT & CO.  INC. 77 SUMMER STREET3RD FLOORBOSTONMA MASSACHUSETTS02210 US NATIONAL FINANCIAL SERVICES LLC 499 WASHINGTON BOULEVARD5TH FLOORJERSEY CITYNJ NEW JERSEY07310 US NBCN INC. 1010 rue De La GauchetièreMezzanine 100MONTREALQUEBECH3B 5J2 CA CANADA NOMURA INTERNATIONAL TRUST COMPANY 309 WEST 49TH STREET10TH FLOORNEW YORKNY NEW YORK10019 US ODLUM BROWN LIMITED 250 HOWE STREETSUITE 1100VANCOUVERBC BRITISH COLUMBIAV6C 3R8 CA CANADA OPPENHEIMER & CO. INC. 85 BROAD STREETNEW YORKNY NEW YORK10004 US PERSHING LLC 1 PERSHING PLAZAJERSEY CITYNJ NEW JERSEY07399 US PHILLIP CAPITAL INC. 141 W. JACKSON BLVD. SUITE 3050CHICAGOIL ILLINOIS60604 US PI FINANCIAL CORP. 666 BURRARD STSUITE 1900VANCOUVERBC BRITISH COLUMBIAV6C 3N1 CA CANADA PNC BANK  NATIONAL ASSOCIATION 4100 W 150TH STREETASSET MOVEMENT TEAM 3RD FL  LOCATOR B7-YB17-03-03CLEVELANDOH OHIO44135 US PRINCIPAL BANK 711 HIGH STREETDES MOINESIA IOWA50392 QUESTRADE INC./CDS** 5650 YONGE ST. Suite 1700TORONTOON ONTARIOM2M 4G3 CA CANADA Raymond James & Associates  Inc. 880 CARILLON PKWYST. PETERSBURGFL FLORIDA33733-2749 US RAYMOND JAMES LTD. 925 WEST GEORGIA STREETSUITE 2200VANCOUVERBC BRITISH COLUMBIAV6C 3L2 CA CANADA RBC CAPITAL MARKETS  LLC 60 SOUTH 6TH ST.MINNEAPOLISMN MINNESOTA55402 US RBC DOMINION SECURITIES INC 21 COMMERCE COURT SOUTH2ND FLOORTORONTOON ONTARIOM5L 1A7 CANADA RELIANCE TRUST COMPANY 1100 ABERNATHY RD.500 NORTHPARK SUITE 400ATLANTAGA GEORGIA30113 US RELIANCE TRUST COMPANY 4900 W. BROWN DEER RDMILWAUKEEWI WISCONSIN53223 US ROBERT W. BAIRD & CO. INCORPORATED 777 E WISCONSIN AVE9TH FLOORMILWAUKEEWI WISCONSIN53202 US ROBINHOOD SECURITIES  LLC 500 COLONIAL CENTER PARKWAYSUITE 100LAKE MARYFL FLORIDA32746 US SAFRA SECURITIES LLC 546 5TH AVENUENEW YORKNY NEW YORK10036 US SCOTIA CAPITAL (USA) INC. 150 KING STREET W5TH FLOORTORONTOON ONTARIOM5H 1J9 CA CANADA SEI PRIVATE TRUST COMPANY 1 FREEDOM VALLEY DRIVEOAKSPA PENNSYLVANIA19456 US SEI PRIVATE TRUST COMPANY 1 FREEDOM VALLEY DRIVEOAKSPA PENNSYLVANIA19456 US SG AMERICAS SECURITIES  LLC 480 WASHINGTON BLVD.20TH FLOORJERSEY CITYNJ NEW JERSEY07310 US SSB - BLACKROCK INSTITUTIONAL TRUST 50 California StreetSan FranciscoCA CALIFORNIA94163 SSB - TRUST CUSTODY 30 ADELAIDE ST EASTSUITE 800TORONTOON ONTARIOM5C 3G6 CA CANADA SSB&T CO/CLIENT CUSTODY SERVICES 1776 HERITAGE DRIVENORTH QUINCYMA MASSACHUSETTS02171 STATE STREET BANK & TRUST CO 16 WALL STREET5TH FLOORNEW YORKNY NEW YORK10005 US STATE STREET BANK & TRUST COMPANY / ISHARES EUROPE 1776 HERITAGE DRIVENORTH QUINCYMA MASSACHUSETTS02171 STATE STREET BANK & TRUST/STATE STREET TOTALETF 1776 Heritage DriveNORTH QUINCYMA MASSACHUSETTS02717 STATE STREET BANK AND TRUST COMPANY 30 ADELAIDE ST EASTSUITE 800TORONTOON ONTARIOM5C 3G6 CA CANADA STIFEL  NICOLAUS & COMPANY  INCORPORATED 501 N BROADWAYST. LOUISMO MISSOURI63102 US STONEX FINANCIAL INC. 2 PERIMETER PARK SOUTHSUITE 100 WBIRMINGHAMAL ALABAMA35243 US TD AMERITRADE CLEARING  INC. 200 S 108TH AVEOMAHANE NEBRASKA68154 US TD WATERHOUSE CANADA INCATTN: MANDATORY CORPORATE ACTIONS 77 BLOOR STREET WEST3RD FLOORTORONTOON ONTARIOM5S 1M2 CA CANADA TEXAS TREASURY SAFEKEEPING TRUST COMPANY 208 E 10TH STAUSTINTX TEXAS78701 US THE BANK OF NEW YORK MELLON 500 GRANT STREET27TH FLOORPITTSBURGHPA PENNSYLVANIA15258 US THE HUNTINGTON NATIONAL BANK 7 EASTON OVAL EA4E62COLUMBUSOH OHIO43209 US THE NORTHERN TRUST COMPANY 333 South Wabash Ave  32nd FloorAttn: Trade Securities ProcessingCHICAGOIL ILLINOIS60603 US TRADESTATION SECURITIES  INC. 120 RIVERSIDE PLAZASUITE 1650CHICAGOIL ILLINOIS60606 US U.S. BANCORP INVESTMENTS  INC. 60 LIVINGSTON AVEEP-MN-WN1BST. PAULMN MINNESOTA55107-1419 US U.S. BANK N.A./ETF 1555 N RIVER CENTER DRIVEMILWAUKEEWI WISCONSIN53212 U.S. BANK NATIONAL ASSOCIATION 1555 NORTH RIVERCENTER DRIVE  SUITE 302SUITE 302MILWAUKEEWI WISCONSIN53212 US UBS AG 480 WASHINGTON BLVD.12TH FLOORJERSEY CITYNJ NEW JERSEY07310 US UBS FINANCIAL SERVICES INC. 1000 HARBOR BOULEVARDWEEHAWKENNJ NEW JERSEY07086 US UBS SECURITIES LLC 677 WASHINGTON BLVDSTAMFORDCT CONNECTICUT06901 US UMB BANK  NATIONAL ASSOCIATION 928 GRAND BLVDKANSAS CITYMO MISSOURI64106 US VANGUARD MARKETING CORPORATION 100 VANGUARD BLVDMALVERNPA PENNSYLVANIA19355 US VELOCITY CLEARING  LLC 1301 Route 36Suite 109 (Attn: Chris Felicetti)HAZLETNEW JERSEY7730 US VELOX CLEARING LLC 2400 E. KATELLA AVENUESUITE 725AANAHEIMCA CALIFORNIA92806 US VIRTU AMERICAS LLC ONE LIBERTY PLAZA  165 BROADWAY5TH FLOORNEW YORKNY NEW YORK10006 US VISION FINANCIAL MARKETS LLC 4 HIGH RIDGE PARKSUITE 100STAMFORDCT CONNECTICUT06905 US WEDBUSH SECURITIES INC 1000 WILSHIRE BLVD8TH FLOORLOS ANGELESCA CALIFORNIA90017 US WEDBUSH SECURITIES INC. 1000 WILSHIRE BLVD.LOS ANGELESCA CALIFORNIA90017 US WELLS FARGO BANK  N.A./SIG 733 MARQUETTE AVE 4TH FLOORMAC N9306-04DMINNEAPOLISMN MINNESOTA55402 US WELLS FARGO CLEARING SERVICES LLC 1 NORTH JEFFERSONMAIL CODE: H0006-094ST. LOUISMO MISSOURI63103 US WELLS FARGO SECURITIES  LLC 1525 WEST W T HARRIS BLVDCHARLOTTENC NORTH CAROLINA28262 US WILSON-DAVIS & CO.  INC. 236 SOUTH MAIN STREETSALT LAKE CITYUT UTAH84101 USAbout Sorrento Therapeutics  Inc.Sorrento is a clinical and commercial stage biopharmaceutical company developing new therapies to treat cancer  pain (non-opioid treatments)  autoimmune disease and COVID-19. Sorrento's multimodal  multipronged approach to fighting cancer is made possible by its extensive immuno-oncology platforms  including key assets such as Abivertinib  next-generation tyrosine kinase inhibitors (“TKIs”)  fully human antibodies (“G-MAB™ library”)  immuno-cellular therapies (“DAR-T™”)  antibody-drug conjugates (“ADCs”)  and oncolytic virus (“Seprehvec™”). Sorrento is also developing potential antiviral therapies and vaccines against coronaviruses  including STI-1558  COVI-MSC™; and diagnostic test solutions  including COVIMARK™.Sorrento's commitment to life-enhancing therapies for patients is also demonstrated by our effort to advance a TRPV1 agonist  non-opioid pain management small molecule  resiniferatoxin (“RTX”)  and SP-102 (10 mg  dexamethasone sodium phosphate viscous gel) (SEMDEXA™)  a novel  viscous gel formulation of a widely used corticosteroid for epidural injections to treat lumbosacral radicular pain  or sciatica  and to commercialize ZTlido® (lidocaine topical system) 1.8% for the treatment of postherpetic neuralgia (PHN). RTX has been cleared for a Phase II trial for intractable pain associated with cancer and a Phase II trial in osteoarthritis patients. Positive final results from the Phase III Pivotal Trial C.L.E.A.R. Program for SEMDEXA™  its novel  non-opioid product for the treatment of lumbosacral radicular pain (sciatica)  were announced in March 2022. ZTlido® was approved by the FDA on February 28  2018.For more information visit www.sorrentotherapeutics.comMedia and Investor RelationsContact: Brian CooleyEmail: mediarelations@sorrentotherapeutics.comSorrento® and the Sorrento logo are registered trademarks of Sorrento Therapeutics  Inc.G-MAB™  DAR-T™  Seprehvec™  SOFUSA™  COVI-MSC™  COVIMARK™  Ovydso™ and Fujovee™ are trademarks of Sorrento Therapeutics  Inc.SEMDEXA™ (SP-102) is a trademark of Semnur Pharmaceuticals  Inc. A proprietary name review by the FDA is planned.ZTlido® is a registered trademark owned by Scilex Pharmaceuticals Inc.All other trademarks are the property of their respective owners.©2023 Sorrento Therapeutics  Inc. All Rights Reserved.,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.04,0.94,0.02,True,English,"['Scilex Holding Company Common Stock', 'Sorrento Issues', 'FAQ', 'Dividend', 'SCILEX HOLDING COMPANY COMMON STOCK', 'Pacific Stock Transfer Company', 'pro rata basis', 'Scilex common stock', 'Record Warrant Holders', 'Sorrento common stock', 'Record Common Holders', 'other similar organization', 'The Record Date', 'record holders', 'Other Agent', 'transfer agent', 'stock dividend', 'Dividend Stock', 'The Dividend', 'Sorrento Therapeutics', 'Sorrento stockholders', 'SAN DIEGO', 'GLOBE NEWSWIRE', 'Investors” section', 'payment date', 'short positions', 'related annexes', 'press release', 'ownership percentage', 'full exercise', 'closing price', 'Beneficial Owner', 'brokerage firm', 'respective warrants', 'outstanding warrants', 'applicable warrants', 'one share', 'recent dividend', 'Lieu Payment', 'CUSIP information', 'fractional shares', 'ASKED QUESTIONS', 'street name', 'Dividend Ratio', '76,000,000 shares', 'Nasdaq', 'SRNE', 'document', 'website', 'FAQs', 'details', 'distribution', 'restrictions', 'issues', 'connection', 'December', 'Inc.', 'board', 'directors', 'aggregate', 'close', 'business', 'right', 'terms', 'accordance', 'records', 'Story', 'cash', 'interest', 'deduction', 'amount', 'product', 'January', 'PST', 'Bank', 'account', 'dealer', 'purposes', 'portion']",2023-01-30,2023-01-30,finance.yahoo.com
17354,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/01/30/2597225/0/en/Sorrento-Issues-FAQ-Regarding-the-Dividend-of-Scilex-Holding-Company-Common-Stock.html,Sorrento Issues “FAQ” Regarding the Dividend of Scilex Holding Company Common Stock,SAN DIEGO  Jan. 29  2023 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Sorrento Therapeutics  Inc. (Nasdaq: SRNE  “Sorrento”) today posted a “Frequently Asked Questions” document under the “Investors” section of its website at www.sorrentotherapeutics.com regarding its recent dividend…,SAN DIEGO  Jan. 29  2023 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Sorrento Therapeutics  Inc. (Nasdaq: SRNE  “Sorrento”) today posted a “Frequently Asked Questions” document under the “Investors” section of its website at www.sorrentotherapeutics.com regarding its recent dividend to Sorrento stockholders of shares of common stock of Scilex Holding Company held by Sorrento.The FAQs address questions regarding the details of the dividend  including the record date  payment date  dividend ratio  distribution of the shares of Scilex common stock  how Sorrento stockholders can obtain certain information regarding the dividend  CUSIP information for Scilex common stock  and transfer restrictions on the dividend stock as well as questions related to issues that may arise with respect to the dividend in connection with short positions in Sorrento common stock.The FAQs and related annexes are included in this press release and can also be found here.FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONSREGARDING THE DIVIDEND OF SCILEX HOLDING COMPANY COMMON STOCK BY SORRENTO THERAPEUTICS  INC.Q: What is the dividend of Scilex Common Stock?A: On December 30  2022  Sorrento Therapeutics  Inc. ( Sorrento ) announced that its board of directors declared a stock dividend ( Dividend ) consisting of an aggregate of 76 000 000 shares ( Dividend Stock ) of common stock of Scilex Holding Company held by Sorrento to record holders of:Sorrento’s common stock ( Record Common Holders ) as of the close of business on the Record Date  and) as of the close of business on the Record Date  and certain warrants to purchase Sorrento common stock (which have or may have the right to participate in the Dividend pursuant to the terms of their respective warrants) ( Record Warrant Holders and together with the Record Common Holders  Record Holders ).The Dividend would be apportioned on a pro rata basis among such holders in accordance with each holder’s ownership percentage of Sorrento common stock (assuming the full exercise of all outstanding warrants to purchase Sorrento common stock) as of the Record Date as set forth in the records of Sorrento’s transfer agent (with respect to the Record Common Holders) and Sorrento (with respect to the Record Warrant Holders) as of such date.No fractional shares will be issued in connection with the Dividend and the Record Holders who otherwise would be entitled to receive fractional shares of Scilex common stock are entitled to receive cash (without interest or deduction) in lieu of such fractional shares in an amount equal to the product obtained by multiplying (a) $5.87 (which represents the closing price of Scilex common stock on the Record Date)  by (b) the fraction of one share of Scilex common stock that such Record Holder would have otherwise been entitled to receive as a Dividend in respect of shares of Sorrento common stock held by such Record Holder (after aggregating all such fractional shares otherwise issuable to such Record Holder in connection with the Dividend) ( Cash-in-Lieu Payment ).Q: What was the Record Date for the Dividend?A: The Record Date for determining the Sorrento stockholders who are entitled to receive Dividend Stock was January 9  2023.Q: What was the Payment Date for the Dividend Stock?A: The payment date for the Dividend Stock was January 19  2023 ( Payment Date ).Q: What was the Dividend Ratio?A: The dividend ratio is 0.1410127 of a share of Scilex common stock for each one share of Sorrento common stock held (or underlying the applicable warrants) by the Record Holders as of the close of business on the Record Date.Q: Will I receive Dividend Stock?A: If you are a Record Common Holder  meaning you held Sorrento common stock as of the close of business on the Record Date  you are entitled to receive the Dividend Stock.Q: How do I know if I am a Record Common Holder?A: Stockholder of Record: Shares Registered in Your NameIf at the close of business on January 9  2023  your shares of Sorrento common stock were registered directly in your name with Sorrento’s transfer agent  Pacific Stock Transfer Company ( PST )  then you are the stockholder of record for these shares and a Record Common Holder.Beneficial Owner: Shares Registered in the Name of a Broker  Bank or Other AgentIf at the close of business on January 9  2023  your shares of Sorrento common stock were held  not in your name   but rather in an account at a brokerage firm  bank  dealer or other similar organization  then you are the beneficial owner of shares held in “street name” and the organization holding your account is considered the stockholder of record  or the Record Common Holder  for purposes of the Dividend. As a beneficial owner  you have the right to direct your broker  bank or other agent with respect to the portion of Dividend Stock of which you are a beneficial owner and how it is reflected in your account.Q: What information and documentation was distributed to the Record Common Holders in connection with the Dividend?A: Stockholder of Record: Shares Registered in Your NameIf at the close of business on January 9  2023  your shares of Sorrento common stock were registered directly in your name with Sorrento’s transfer agent  PST  then PST mailed the Information Statement to your address on record with PST. A copy of the Information Statement is attached to this FAQ as Annex A .In addition  on January 19  2023  Scilex’s transfer agent  Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company ( CST )  distributed to you as a Record Common Holder (i) your pro rata portion of the Dividend Stock based on the Dividend Ratio and (ii) a Cash-in-Lieu Payment  if you otherwise were entitled to receive fractional shares of Scilex common stock.The Dividend Stock is evidenced by a book-entry/DRS transaction confirmation ( Dividend Confirmation )  which Dividend Confirmation was mailed to your address on record with Sorrento’s transfer agent  PST. Accordingly  you are now a stockholder of record for your Dividend Stock and your shares are registered directly in your name with Scilex’s transfer agent  CST. If you were entitled to a Cash-in-Lieu Payment  a check for such payment was also mailed to your address on record with PST.Beneficial Owner: Shares Registered in the Name of a Broker  Bank or Other AgentIf at the close of business on January 9  2023  your shares of Sorrento common stock were held  not in your name   but rather in an account at a brokerage firm  bank  dealer or other similar organization  then you are the beneficial owner of shares held in “street name” and the organization holding your account is considered the stockholder of record  or the Record Common Holder  for purposes of the Dividend.As a Record Common Holder  your broker or other agent should have received the Information Statement directly from PST. A copy of the Information Statement is attached to this FAQ as Annex A .As a beneficial owner  you have the right to direct your broker  bank or other agent with respect to the Dividend Stock and how it is reflected in your account. Your broker can also assist you with obtaining your Cash-in-Lieu Payment  if any.Q: What if I did not receive the Information Statement or a Dividend Confirmation?A: A copy of the Information Statement is attached to this FAQ as Annex A .Stockholder of Record: Shares Registered in Your NameTo obtain a copy of your Dividend Confirmation or to check on the status of your Cash-in-Lieu Payment (if any)  please contact Scilex’s transfer agent  CST  by phone or email at:Continental Stock Transfer & Trust CompanyTelephone Number: 800-509-5586Email Address: cstmail@continentalstock.comBeneficial Owner: Shares Registered in the Name of a Broker  Bank or Other AgentIf you hold your shares in “street name” through a brokerage firm  bank  dealer or other similar organization  that organization received a Dividend Confirmation with respect to all Dividend Stock held by its customers and your pro rata portion of the Dividend Stock should be reflected in the statements you receive from your brokerage firm  bank  dealer or other similar organization.A list of brokerage firms  banks  dealers and other similar organizations that received a Dividend Confirmation for shares held in “street name” is set forth on Annex B of this FAQ.IF YOU HAVE ANY QUESTIONS REGARDING YOUR STATEMENT OR ANY OTHER COMMUNICATIONS FROM YOUR BROKER OR OTHER AGENT REGARDING THE DIVIDEND STOCK  PLEASE CONTACT THEM IMMEDIATELY.Q: Why does my brokerage statement indicate that the Dividend Stock has no value?A: If your brokerage statement indicates that the Dividend Stock has no value  please contact your brokerage firm  bank  dealer or other similar organization directly on an immediate basis to ensure that your brokerage statement is accurate and reflects the value of the Dividend Stock.A list of brokerage firms  banks  dealers and other similar organizations that received a Dividend Confirmation for shares held in “street name” is set forth on Annex B of this FAQ.Q: What is the value of the Dividend Stock?A: Scilex common stock is listed on The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC under the symbol “SCLX”. You may obtain the trading and closing prices of Scilex common stock on Nasdaq’s website at Nasdaq.com.Q: What is the CUSIP number for shares of Scilex common stock?A: Scilex’s CUSIP number 80880W106.Q: Is there a separate CUSIP number for the Dividend Stock?A: No. The CUSIP number for the Dividend Stock is the same as all other shares of Scilex common stock.Q: My brokerage statement references an ISIN. What is an ISIN?A: ISIN stands for International Securities Identification Numbering system and is the global ISO standard for unique identification of financial and referential instruments  including equity  debt  derivatives and indices.Note that the ISIN is not the CUSIP number. You should contact your broker immediately for more information about the ISIN and to have the broker include Scilex’s CUSIP number on your brokerage statement.Q: Can I transfer  sell  pledge  loan or otherwise dispose and transfer the Dividend Stock?A: No. The Dividend Stock you will receive on the Payment Date is subject to restrictions on transfer until May 11  2023 and your shares of Dividend Stock will reflect the following restrictive legend  which restriction is also included in your Dividend Confirmation:THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE MAY NOT BE TRANSFERRED  PLEDGED  HYPOTHECATED  LOANED  ENCUMBERED OR OTHERWISE DISPOSED OF WITHOUT THE CONSENT OF SCILEX HOLDING COMPANY (THE “COMPANY”) PRIOR TO MAY 11  2023. A TRANSFER OF THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE SHALL BE DEEMED TO INCLUDE  WITHOUT LIMITATION  THE (A) SALE OR ASSIGNMENT OF  OFFER TO SELL  CONTRACT OR AGREEMENT TO SELL  GRANT OF ANY OPTION TO PURCHASE OR OTHERWISE DISPOSE OF OR AGREEMENT TO DISPOSE OF  DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY  OR ESTABLISHMENT OR INCREASE OF A PUT EQUIVALENT POSITION OR LIQUIDATION WITH RESPECT TO OR DECREASE OF A CALL EQUIVALENT POSITION WITHIN THE MEANING OF SECTION 16 OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934  AS AMENDED (THE “EXCHANGE ACT”)  WITH RESPECT TO  ANY SECURITY OF THE COMPANY  (B) ENTRY INTO ANY SWAP OR OTHER ARRANGEMENT THAT TRANSFERS TO ANOTHER  IN WHOLE OR IN PART  ANY OF THE ECONOMIC CONSEQUENCES OF OWNERSHIP OF ANY SECURITY OF THE COMPANY  WHETHER ANY SUCH TRANSACTION IS TO BE SETTLED BY DELIVERY OF SUCH SECURITIES  IN CASH OR OTHERWISE  AND (C) ENGAGEMENT  WHETHER DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY  IN ANY (I) “SHORT SALE” (AS SUCH TERM IS DEFINED IN RULE 200 OF REGULATION SHO OF THE EXCHANGE ACT) OF THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE OR (II) HEDGING TRANSACTION  WHICH ESTABLISHES A NET SHORT POSITION WITH RESPECT TO ANY SECURITIES OF THE COMPANY (INCLUDING THE COMMON STOCK OF THE COMPANY)  WITH RESPECT TO EACH OF CLAUSES (I) AND (II) HEREOF  EITHER FOR THE HOLDER’S OWN PRINCIPAL ACCOUNT OR FOR THE PRINCIPAL ACCOUNT OF ANY OTHER PERSON.Q: When will I be able to transfer  sell  pledge  or otherwise dispose and transfer the Dividend Stock?A: The foregoing transfer restrictions on the Dividend Stock will be removed on May 12  2023  without any action required by you.Q: If I loaned my shares of Sorrento common stock to short sellers or any other party as of the Record Date  am I still entitled to receive Dividend Stock as of the Payment Date?A: Only Record Holders as of the Record Date are entitled to receive the Dividend Stock. If you were the Record Holder as of the Record Date and are entitled to receive the Dividend Stock  but have not received the Dividend Stock  you may be entitled to receive Dividend Stock from the short seller or other party who borrowed your shares of Sorrento common stock  whether through the lending programs implemented by your brokerage firm  bank  dealer and other similar organization or otherwise. If you were a Record Holder as of the Record Date and have not received your Dividend Stock  please consult with your financial advisor  broker or other agent immediately to determine how to receive your Dividend Stock.Q: What if my shares of Sorrento common stock were sold “short” as of the Record Date?A: According to Sorrento’s estimates  approximately 60 million or more shares of Sorrento common stock were sold “short” as of the Record Date. In the event your shares of Sorrento common stock were held through a brokerage firm  bank  dealer or other similar organization and were sold “short” as of the Record Date  you should consult with your financial advisor  broker or other agent immediately to determine whether you may also be deemed “short” Scilex common stock as a result of the Dividend  as well as any obligations required for you to cover your “short” position(s).Note that “naked short” sales or “naked short” positions in any Sorrento common stock may constitute a violation of SEC Regulation SHO.Q: What if my shares of Scilex common stock issued as the Dividend Stock were sold “short” because my Sorrento common stock was sold “short” as of the Payment Date?A: According to Sorrento’s estimates  approximately 8.4 million or more shares of Scilex common stock were deemed to have been sold “short” as of the Payment Date as a result of the “short” positions of the underlying Sorrento common stock referenced above.In the event your shares of Scilex common stock issued as the Dividend Stock are held through a brokerage firm  bank  dealer or other similar organization and were deemed to have been sold “short” as of the Payment Date as a result of a “short” position in Sorrento’s underlying common stock referenced above  you should consult with your financial advisor  broker or other agent immediately to determine any obligations required to cover your “short” position(s) of Scilex common shares.Note that “naked short” sales or “naked short” positions in any Scilex common stock may constitute a violation of SEC Regulation SHO.Q: If I am deemed “short” the Scilex Divided Stock  what is the borrowing cost for my “short” position in shares of Scilex common stock?A: According to recent reports from various brokerage firms lending shares of Scilex common stock for “short” sales  the current borrowing interest rate is estimated to be over 400% per year. If your Scilex common stock is held through a brokerage firm  bank  dealer or other similar organization and you have a “short” position  please consult with your financial advisor  broker or other agent immediately to determine your borrowing interest rate for your “short” position(s) of Scilex common stock.Note that “naked short” sales or “naked short” positions in any Scilex common stock may constitute a violation of SEC Regulation SHO.Q: What is the estimated “short” position of the Scilex common stock as of the Payment Date?A: According to Sorrento’s estimates  approximately 8.4 million or more shares of Scilex common stock were deemed to have been sold “short” as of the Payment Date.If your Scilex common stock is held through a brokerage firm  bank  dealer or other similar organization and your shares of Scilex common stock were sold “short” as of the Payment Date  you should consult with your financial advisor  broker or other agent immediately to determine any obligations required to cover your “short” position(s) of Scilex common shares.Note that “naked short” sales or “naked short” positions in any Scilex common stock may constitute a violation of SEC Regulation SHO.Q: What is the public float (i.e.  unrestricted and freely tradeable shares) of the Scilex common stock as of the Payment Date?A: Approximately 2.5 million shares of Scilex common stock were unrestricted and freely tradable as of the Payment Date. This public float may be increased if some or all of the unrestricted and freely tradable “public” warrants to purchase shares of Scilex common stock are exercised. The exercise price of the Scilex “public” warrants is $11.50 per share (subject to adjustment for recapitalizations  stock splits and similar transactions and as provided in the warrants).Q: How many Scilex warrants are currently outstanding?A: There are approximately 11 million unrestricted and freely tradable warrants to purchase shares of Scilex common stock outstanding and such warrants have an exercise price of $11.50 per share (subject to adjustment for recapitalizations  stock splits and similar transactions and as provided in the warrants). Sorrento owns approximately 4.5 million Scilex warrants (of which approximately 3.1 million are private warrants) and Vickers Venture Fund VI Pte Ltd and its affiliates own one million Scilex private warrants.Q: Will Scilex management take any actions with respect to the substantial “naked short” positions of Scilex common stock that represents approximately three times the public float of Scilex common stock?A: Yes. The management teams of both Scilex and Sorrento are in consultation with their outside legal counsel to explore all legal avenues to resolve the imbalance of the substantial “naked short” positions of Scilex common stock estimated to be approximately 8.4 million or more shares of Scilex common stock as compared to the limited public float of approximately 2.5 million shares of Scilex common stock.Scilex and Sorrento will send a written notification to the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority (FINRA)  which oversees U.S. broker-dealers  to advise FINRA of the substantial “naked short” positions of Scilex common stock. Sorrento and Scilex will offer to work closely with FINRA and other regulatory agencies to enforce compliance with applicable laws  rules and regulations governing market participants  which strictly prohibit intentional or abusive “naked shorting” of publicly traded securities.Annex AInformation StatementJanuary 10  2023Dear Sorrento Therapeutics  Inc. Stockholder:As Sorrento Therapeutics  Inc. (“ Sorrento ”) previously announced  on December 29  2022 our board of directors declared a stock dividend (the “ Dividend ”) consisting of an aggregate of 76 000 000 shares (the “ Dividend Stock ”) of common stock  par value $0.0001 per share  of Scilex Holding Company (“ Scilex Common Stock ”) held by Sorrento to record holders of (i) Sorrento’s common stock  par value $0.0001 per share (such stock  the “ Sorrento Common Stock ” and such record holders  the “ Record Common Holders ”) as of the close of business on January 9  2023 (the “ Record Date ”)  and (ii) certain warrants to purchase Sorrento Common Stock that  among other things  have not been exercised prior to the ex-dividend date under the rules of The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC (and which have or may have the right to participate in the Dividend pursuant to the terms of their respective warrants) (the “ Record Warrant Holders ” and together with the Record Common Holders  the “ Record Holders ”)  which Dividend shall be paid on January 19  2023 (the “ Payment Date ”) and shall be apportioned on a pro rata basis among the Record Holders in accordance with each Record Holder’s ownership percentage of Sorrento Common Stock (assuming the full exercise of all outstanding warrants to purchase Sorrento Common Stock) as of the Record Date as set forth in the records of Sorrento’s transfer agent (with respect to the Record Common Holders) and Sorrento (with respect to the Record Warrant Holders) as of such date.Scilex Holding Company (“ Scilex ”) is Sorrento’s majority-controlled  public-reporting subsidiary and the Scilex Common Stock is currently listed and traded on the Nasdaq Capital Market under the ticker symbol “SCLX”. As a public-reporting company  Scilex files periodic reports and other information with the SEC  which reports and other information can be found on the Securities and Exchange Commission’s Internet site at http://www.sec.gov.Each Record Common Holder will receive (and each applicable Record Warrantholder will be entitled to receive following the exercise of such holder’s applicable warrants) 0.1410127 of a share of Scilex Common Stock for each one (1) share of Sorrento Common Stock held (or underlying the applicable warrants) by such Record Holder as of the close of business on the Record Date. The Dividend Stock will be subject to certain transfer restrictions through May 11  2023  as more fully described in the attached information statement and notice. Payment of the Dividend is conditioned upon Sorrento’s board of directors not revoking the dividend prior to the Payment Date.The Dividend Stock will be paid out in uncertificated (i.e.  book-entry) form  which means that no physical share certificates will be delivered to you. No fractional shares of Scilex Common Stock will be issued in the Dividend. To the extent a Record Holder of Sorrento would otherwise be entitled to receive fractional shares of Scilex Common Stock in the Dividend  such holders shall receive cash (without interest or deduction) in lieu of such fractional shares in an amount equal to the product obtained by multiplying (a) the closing price of Scilex Common Stock on the Nasdaq Capital Market on the Record Date  by (b) the fraction of one share of Scilex Common Stock that such equityholder would have otherwise been entitled to receive as a Dividend in respect of shares of Sorrento Common Stock held by such Record Holder (after aggregating all such fractional shares otherwise issuable to such equityholder in connection with the Dividend).You should consult your own tax advisor as to the particular tax consequences of the Dividend  including potential tax consequences under state  local  and non-U.S. tax laws.The Dividend does not require Sorrento stockholder approval  and you do not need to take any action to receive your Dividend Stock. Upon the payment of the Dividend  you will own common stock in both Sorrento (if you retained this stock following the Record Date) and Scilex. Sorrento Common Stock is expected to continue to trade on the Nasdaq Capital Market under the ticker symbol “SRNE” and Scilex Common Stock is expected to continue to trade on the Nasdaq Capital Market under the ticker symbol “SCLX”.Scilex is an innovative revenue-generating company focused on acquiring  developing and commercializing non-opioid pain management products for the treatment of acute and chronic pain. Scilex believes that its innovative non-opioid product portfolio has the potential to provide effective pain management therapies that can have a transformative impact on patients’ lives. Scilex targets indications with high unmet needs and large market opportunities with non-opioid therapies for the treatment of patients with acute and chronic pain and are dedicated to advancing and improving patient outcomes.We want to thank you for your support of Sorrento (including our subsidiary  Scilex) and it is my great privilege to welcome you as a future stockholder of Scilex  and we look forward to your continued support in the future.The enclosed information statement and notice  which we are mailing to all Sorrento stockholders as of the close of business on the Record Date  describes the Dividend and refers you to important business and financial information about SCLX  including Scilex’s strategy and plans for near and long-term growth to generate value for its stockholders. We urge you to read this information statement and notice carefully.Sincerely Henry Ji  Ph.D.Chairman of the Board of Directors  Chief Executive Officer  and President of Sorrento Therapeutics  Inc. and the Executive Chairperson of Scilex Holding CompanyINFORMATION STATEMENTANDNOTICE PURSUANT TO SECTION 151(F) AND SECTION 202OF THE DELAWARE GENERAL CORPORATION LAWSCILEX HOLDING COMPANYCommon Stock  par value $0.0001 per shareUnless the context otherwise requires  references in this information statement to “we ” “us ” “our ” “Scilex ” and “the Company” generally refer to Scilex Holding Company  together with its subsidiaries.This information statement and notice pursuant to Section 151(f) and Section 202 of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware (“ DGCL ”)  including the Summary of the Dividend attached hereto  is being furnished to you as a holder of common stock of Sorrento Therapeutics  Inc. (“ Sorrento ”). As Sorrento previously announced  on December 29  2022 Sorrento’s board of directors (the “ Sorrento Board ”) declared a stock dividend (the “ Dividend ”) consisting of an aggregate of 76 000 000 shares (the “ Dividend Stock ”) of common stock  par value $0.0001 per share  of Scilex Holding Company (“ Scilex Common Stock ”) held by Sorrento to record holders of (i) Sorrento’s common stock  par value $0.0001 per share (such stock  the “ Sorrento Common Stock ” and such record holders  the “ Record Common Holders ”) as of the close of business on January 9  2023 (the “ Record Date ”)  and (ii) certain warrants to purchase Sorrento Common Stock that  among other things  have not been exercised prior to the ex-dividend date under the rules of The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC (and which have or may have the right to participate in the Dividend pursuant to the terms of their respective warrants) (the “ Record Warrant Holders ” and together with the Record Common Holders  the “ Record Holders ”)  which Dividend (unless otherwise determined by the Board) shall be paid on January 19  2023 (the “ Payment Date ”) and shall be apportioned on a pro rata basis among the Record Holders in accordance with each Record Holder’s ownership percentage of Sorrento Common Stock (assuming the full exercise of all outstanding warrants to purchase Sorrento Common Stock) as of the Record Date as set forth in the records of Sorrento’s transfer agent (with respect to the Record Common Holders) and Sorrento (with respect to the Record Warrant Holders) as of such date.We are a majority-controlled  public-reporting subsidiary of Sorrento (which currently holds 96.7% of our currently outstanding voting stock). The Scilex Common Stock is currently listed and traded on the Nasdaq Capital Market under the ticker symbol “SCLX”. As a public-reporting company  Scilex files periodic reports and other information with the Securities and Exchange Commission (“ SEC ”)  which reports and other information can be found on the Securities and Exchange Commission’s Internet site at http://www.sec.gov.Scilex is an innovative revenue-generating company focused on acquiring  developing and commercializing non-opioid pain management products for the treatment of acute and chronic pain. Scilex believes that its innovative non-opioid product portfolio has the potential to provide effective pain management therapies that can have a transformative impact on patients’ lives. Scilex targets indications with high unmet needs and large market opportunities with non-opioid therapies for the treatment of patients with acute and chronic pain and are dedicated to advancing and improving patient outcomes. Scilex launched its first commercial product in October 2018 and is developing its late-stage pipeline  which includes a pivotal Phase 3 candidate  a Phase 2 candidate and a Phase 1 candidate that is expected to enter into Phase 2 studies in the first half of 2023. Scilex’s commercial product  ZTlido (lidocaine topical system) 1.8% (“ ZTlido ”) is a prescription lidocaine topical product approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration  for the relief of neuropathic pain associated with postherpetic neuralgia which is a form of post-shingles nerve pain. ZTlido possesses novel delivery and adhesion technology designed to address many of the limitations of current prescription lidocaine patches by providing significantly improved adhesion and continuous pain relief throughout the 12-hour administration period.On the payment date for the Dividend  each Record Common Holder will receive (and each applicable Record Warrantholder will be entitled to receive following the exercise of such holder’s applicable warrants) 0.1410127 of a share of Scilex Common Stock for each one (1) share of Sorrento Common Stock held (or underlying the applicable warrants) by such Record Holder as of the close of business on the Record Date. In lieu of receiving fractional shares of Dividend Stock otherwise apportioned to the Record Common Holder  each Record Common Holder will receive cash representing the fair market value of such fractional shares. The Dividend Stock will be subject to certain transfer restrictions through May 11  2023  as more fully described below. Payment of the Dividend is conditioned upon the Sorrento Board not revoking the dividend prior to the Payment Date.Immediately after Sorrento completes the Dividend  Sorrento will hold approximately 52.1% of our currently outstanding voting stock.You are urged to consult your tax advisor as to the particular U.S. federal  state  local  and non-U.S. tax consequences to you of receiving the Dividend.If you are a corporate U.S. Holder (as defined below)  you may be eligible for a dividends-received deduction (subject to certain requirements and limitations) with respect to your receipt of the Dividend  but the Dividend may be subject to certain “extraordinary dividend” provisions of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986  as amended (the “ Code ”). Such provisions may result in a reduction in the adjusted basis of your Sorrento Common Stock and  potentially  recognition of gain.If you are a non-corporate U.S. Holder (as defined below)  the Dividend (including cash paid in lieu of fractional shares) to be made to you may be subject to backup withholding at a rate of 24% of the fair market value of such Dividend  unless you provide a correct taxpayer identification number by delivering a properly executed IRS Form W-9 (or successor form).If you are not a U.S. Holder (as defined below)  the Dividend (including cash paid in lieu of fractional shares) to be made to you may be subject to withholding at a rate of 30% of the fair market value of such Dividend  unless you establish an entitlement to a reduced rate of withholding by providing a properly executed IRS Form W-8 BEN  W-8BEN-E  or other applicable IRS Form W-8 (or successor form).As used above  a “ U.S. Holder ” is a beneficial owner of Sorrento Common Stock that for U.S. federal income tax purposes is (a) an individual who is a citizen or resident of the United States; (b) a corporation created or organized under the laws of the United States  any state thereof or the District of Columbia; (c) an estate  the income of which is subject to United States federal income taxation regardless of its source; or (d) a trust  if a court within the United States is able to exercise primary supervision over the administration of the trust and one or more United States persons has the authority to control all substantial decisions of the trust  or  if the trust was in existence on August 20  1996  and it has elected to continue to be treated as a United States person.The Dividend (including cash paid in lieu of fractional shares of Dividend Stock) may be includable in ordinary taxable income to you in the year that includes the Payment Date to the extent of a portion of Sorrento’s current and accumulated earnings and profits. To the extent that the fair market value of the Dividend exceeds Sorrento’s current and accumulated earnings and profits  the Dividend will first be treated as a non-taxable return of basis  and any amounts in excess of such adjusted basis will constitute capital gain.No vote or other action is required by you to receive the Dividend Stock. You will not be required to pay anything to Sorrento or Scilex for the new shares or to surrender any of your shares of Sorrento Common Stock. We are not asking you for a proxy  and you should not send us a proxy or your share certificates.In reviewing this information statement  you should carefully review the reports and other information that we file with the SEC and we specifically refer you to our (i) registration statement on Form S-4 (File No. 333-264941)  including the appendices and exhibits thereto  under the Securities Act  initially filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”) on May 13  2022 (as subsequently amended)  which was declared effective by the SEC on October 28  2022 (the “ Registration Statement ”)  (ii) final prospectus with respect to the Registration Statement  filed with the SEC on October 28  2022 (the “ Prospectus ”)  and (iii) Current Report on Form 8-K  filed with the SEC on November 17  2022 (the “ Super 8-K ” and together with the Registration Statement and the Prospectus  the “ Disclosure Materials ”).You should also carefully review the risks and uncertainties described under the heading “Risk Factors” in the Registration Statement and Prospectus.Neither the Securities and Exchange Commission  nor any state securities commission has approved or disapproved these securities or determined if this information statement is truthful or complete. Any representation to the contrary is a criminal offense.This information statement does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any securities.The date of this information statement and notice pursuant to Section 151(f) and Section 202 of the DGCL is January 10  2022.SUMMARY OF THE DIVIDEND Distributing Company: Sorrento Therapeutics  Inc. Distributed Company: Scilex Holding Company  a majority-controlled  public reporting subsidiary of Sorrento Dividend Stock: Sorrento will distribute an aggregate of 76 000 000 shares of Scilex Common Stock in the Dividend. Dividend Ratio: Each Record Common Holder will receive (and each applicable Record Warrantholder will be entitled to receive following the exercise of such holder’s applicable warrants) 0.1410127 of a share of Scilex Common Stock for each one (1) share of Sorrento Common Stock held (or underlying the applicable warrants) by such Record Holder as of the close of business on the Record Date. Treatment of Fractional Shares: No fractional shares shall be issued in connection with the Dividend and the Record Holders who otherwise would be entitled to receive fractional shares of the Scilex Common Stock shall receive cash (without interest or deduction) in lieu of such fractional shares in an amount equal to the product obtained by multiplying (a) the closing price of Scilex Common Stock on the Nasdaq Capital Market on the Record Date  by (b) the fraction of one share of Scilex Common Stock that such Record Holder would have otherwise been entitled to receive as a Dividend in respect of shares of Sorrento Common Stock held by such Record Holder (after aggregating all such fractional shares otherwise issuable to such Record Holder in connection with the Dividend). Record Date: January 9  2023 Payment Date: January 19  2023 Dividend: On the Payment Date  Sorrento  with the assistance of Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company  Scilex’s transfer agent (“ Continental ”)  will electronically distribute shares of Scilex Common Stock to you via a registered position held at Continental until the expiration of the lock-up period described below. You will not be required to make any payment to Sorrento or Scilex or surrender or exchange your shares of Sorrento Common Stock to receive your shares of Scilex Common Stock on the Payment Date. Market for Scilex Common Stock: Our common stock is listed on the Nasdaq Capital Market under the symbol “SCLX.” Transfer Agent for Scilex: Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company Notice of Transfer Restrictions: Notice is hereby given pursuant to Sections 151(f) and 202 of the Delaware General Corporation Law (“ DGCL ”)  that the shares of Scilex Common Stock you will receive as a Dividend will be issued to you in uncertificated (i.e.  book-entry) form.The Dividend Stock you will receive on the Payment Date will be subject to restrictions on transfer until May 11  2023 and your shares of Dividend Stock will reflect the following restrictive legend:THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE MAY NOT BE TRANSFERRED  PLEDGED  HYPOTHECATED  LOANED  ENCUMBERED OR OTHERWISE DISPOSED OF WITHOUT THE CONSENT OF SCILEX HOLDING COMPANY (THE “COMPANY”) PRIOR TO MAY 11  2023. A TRANSFER OF THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE SHALL BE DEEMED TO INCLUDE  WITHOUT LIMITATION  THE (A) SALE OR ASSIGNMENT OF  OFFER TO SELL  CONTRACT OR AGREEMENT TO SELL  GRANT OF ANY OPTION TO PURCHASE OR OTHERWISE DISPOSE OF OR AGREEMENT TO DISPOSE OF  DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY  OR ESTABLISHMENT OR INCREASE OF A PUT EQUIVALENT POSITION OR LIQUIDATION WITH RESPECT TO OR DECREASE OF A CALL EQUIVALENT POSITION WITHIN THE MEANING OF SECTION 16 OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934  AS AMENDED (THE “EXCHANGE ACT”)  WITH RESPECT TO  ANY SECURITY OF THE COMPANY  (B) ENTRY INTO ANY SWAP OR OTHER ARRANGEMENT THAT TRANSFERS TO ANOTHER  IN WHOLE OR IN PART  ANY OF THE ECONOMIC CONSEQUENCES OF OWNERSHIP OF ANY SECURITY OF THE COMPANY  WHETHER ANY SUCH TRANSACTION IS TO BE SETTLED BY DELIVERY OF SUCH SECURITIES  IN CASH OR OTHERWISE  AND (C) ENGAGEMENT  WHETHER DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY  IN ANY (I) “SHORT SALE” (AS SUCH TERM IS DEFINED IN RULE 200 OF REGULATION SHO OF THE EXCHANGE ACT) OF THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE OR (II) HEDGING TRANSACTION  WHICH ESTABLISHES A NET SHORT POSITION WITH RESPECT TO ANY SECURITIES OF THE COMPANY (INCLUDING THE COMMON STOCK OF THE COMPANY)  WITH RESPECT TO EACH OF CLAUSES (I) AND (II) HEREOF  EITHER FOR THE HOLDER’S OWN PRINCIPAL ACCOUNT OR FOR THE PRINCIPAL ACCOUNT OF ANY OTHER PERSON.In addition  please be advised that the Company will furnish without charge to each stockholder of the Company who so requests the powers  designations  preferences and relative  participating  optional or other special rights of each class of stock  or series thereof  of the Company and the qualifications  limitations or restrictions of such preferences and/or rights  which are fixed by the Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Company  as amended from time to time. Any such request should be directed to the Secretary of the Company.U.S. Federal Income Tax Consequences: The Dividend (including cash paid in lieu of fractional shares of Dividend Stock) may be includable in ordinary taxable income to you in the year that includes the Payment Date to the extent of a portion of Sorrento’s current and accumulated earnings and profits. To the extent that the fair market value of the Dividend exceeds Sorrento’s current and accumulated earnings and profits  the Dividend will first be treated as a non-taxable return of basis  and any amounts in excess of such adjusted basis will constitute capital gain.If you are a corporate U.S. Holder  you may be eligible for a dividends-received deduction (subject to certain requirements and limitations) with respect to your receipt of the Dividend  but the Dividend may be subject to certain “extraordinary dividend” provisions of the Code. Such provisions may result in a reduction of the adjusted basis of your Sorrento Common Stock and  potentially  recognition of gain.If you are not a U.S. Holder  the Dividend to be made to you may be subject to withholding at a rate of 30% of the fair market value of such Dividend  unless you establish an entitlement to a reduced rate of withholding by providing a properly executed IRS Form W-8 BEN  W-8BEN-E  or other applicable IRS Form W-8 (or successor form).This discussion does not address all aspects of U.S. federal income taxes. Furthermore  the discussion above is based upon the provisions of the Code  and Treasury regulations  rulings  and judicial decisions thereunder as of the date hereof  and such authorities may be repealed  revoked  or modified  possibly retroactively  and are subject to differing interpretations which could result in U.S. federal income tax consequences different from those discussed above. You are urged to consult your tax advisor as to the particular U.S. federal  state  local  and non-U.S. tax consequences to you of receiving the Dividend.Corporate Information: We were incorporated under the name “Vickers Vantage Corp. I” on February 21  2020 as a Cayman Islands exempted company for the purpose of effecting a merger  share exchange  asset acquisition  share purchase  reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses or entities. On November 9  2022  we changed our jurisdiction of incorporation by deregistering as a Cayman Islands exempted company and continuing and domesticating as a corporation incorporated under the laws of the State of Delaware. On November 9  2022  we changed our name to “Scilex Holding Company”.Our principal executive offices are located at 960 San Antonio Road  Palo Alto  California 94303  and our telephone number is (650) 516-4310. Our website address is www.scilexholding.com. Any information contained on  or that can be accessed through  our website is not incorporated by reference into  nor is it in any way part of this information statement and notice and should not be relied upon in connection with making any decision with respect to an investment in our securities. We are required to file annual  quarterly and current reports  proxy statements and other information with the SEC. You may obtain any of the documents filed by us with the SEC at no cost from the SEC’s website at http://www.sec.gov.Risk Factors: Owning shares of Scilex Common Stock involves a high degree of risk. You should carefully read the risk factors  as well as the other information set forth in the Disclosure Materials (as defined below)  including matters addressed in the section titled “Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements” (set forth in the Disclosure Materials).WHERE YOU CAN FIND MORE INFORMATION In connection with the completion of our previously announced business combination with Vickers Vantage Corp. I on November 10  2022 (the “ Business Combination ”)  we have filed (i) a registration statement on Form S-4 (File No. 333-264941)  including exhibits  under the Securities Act  initially filed with the SEC on May 13  2022 (as subsequently amended) and which was declared effective by the SEC on October 28  2022 (the “ Registration Statement ”)  (ii) a final prospectus with respect to the Registration Statement  filed with the SEC on October 28  2022 (the “ Prospectus ”)  and (iii) a Current Report on Form 8-K  filed with the SEC on November 17  2022 (the “ Super 8-K ” and together with the Registration Statement and the Prospectus  the “ Disclosure Materials ”).The Disclosure Materials contain detailed information regarding  among other things  our business  management  executive and director compensation  financial condition (including pro forma information related to the Business Combination  historical financial statements and our management’s discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations)  a description of our securities and certain relationships and related party transactions.If you would like to request a copy of any of the Disclosure Materials  you may do so by contacting Angela Lamb at our transfer agent (Pacific Stock Transfer Company) by email at cs@pacificstocktransfer.com or by phone at 702-361-3033 and such materials will be provided to you free of charge.In addition  because we are a reporting company we also file periodic reports and other information with the SEC. The SEC maintains an Internet site that contains such reports and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC  including Scilex Holding Company. The SEC’s Internet site can be found at http://www.sec.gov. You can read copies of such documents  along with copies of reports  proxy statements and other information filed by us with the SEC at the SEC’s website at http://www.sec.gov.We also maintain a website at www.scilexholding.com. Through our website  we make available  free of charge  annual  quarterly and current reports  proxy statements and other information as soon as reasonably practicable after they are electronically filed with  or furnished to  the SEC. The information contained on  or that may be accessed through  our website is not part of  and is not incorporated into  this information statement and notice and the inclusion of our website address in this information statement and notice is an inactive textual reference only.Annex BBroker ListBroker Name Broker Address Broker Name Broker Address ABN AMRO CLEARING CHICAGO LLC 175 WEST JACKSON BLVD.CHICAGOIL ILLINOIS60604 US Albert Fried & Company LLC 45 BROADWAY  24TH FLOOR24TH FLOORNEW YORKNY NEW YORK10006 US AMALGAMATED BANK 275 7TH AVENUENEW YORKNY NEW YORK10003 US AMERICAN ENTERPRISE INVESTMENT SERVICES INC. 682 AMERIPRISE FINANCIAL CENTERMINNEAPOLISMN MINNESOTA55474 US APEX CLEARING CORPORATION 2 GATEWAY CENTER 283-299 MARKET ST16TH FLOORNEWARKNJ NEW JERSEY07102-5005 US BANK OF AMERICA  NA/GWIM TRUST OPERATIONS 901 MAIN STREET12TH FLOORDALLASTX TEXAS23113 US BANK OF NEW YORK MELLON 111 SANDERS CREEK PARKWAY 2ND FLOOR2ND FLOOREAST SYRACUSENY NEW YORK13057 US. BARCLAYS CAPITAL INC. DTC CUSTODY PARTICIPANT- NY WINDOW -570 WASHINGTON BLVD (ATTN: ROSA HICKS-MILLER OR ROBERT MENDEZJERSEY CITYNJ NEW JERSEY07310 US BARCLAYS CAPITAL INC. DTC CUSTODY PARTICIPANT- NY WINDOW -570 WASHINGTON BLVD (ATTN: ROSA HICKS-MILLER OR ROBERT MENDEZJERSEY CITYNJ NEW JERSEY07310 US BMO CAPITAL MARKETS CORP. 3 2ND STREET12TH FLOORJERSEY CITYNJ NEW JERSEY07302 US BMO HARRIS BANK NA/TRUST 11270 W PARK PLMILWAUKEEWI WISCONSIN53224 US BMO Nesbitt Burns Inc.  Toronto 250 YONGE STREET  7TH FLOOR7TH FLOORTORONTOON ONTARIOM5B 2M8 CA CANADA BNP PARIBAS  NEW YORK BRANCH/BNP PARIBAS PRIME BROKERAGE CUSTODIAN 100 WEST 33RD STREET3RD FLOORNEW YORKNY NEW YORK10001 BNP PARIBAS  NEW YORK BRANCH/BNP PARIBAS PRIME BROKERAGE CUSTODIAN 100 WEST 33RD STREET3RD FLOORNEW YORKNY NEW YORK10001 BNY MELLON PO BOX 392002500 ROSS STREETPITTSBURGHPA PENNSYLVANIA15262 US BNY MELLON/WEALTH MANAGEMENT 1 FREEDOM VALLEY DRIVEOAKSPA PENNSYLVANIA19456 US BNYMELLON 111 SANDERS CREEK PARKWAY 2ND FLOOR2ND FLOOREAST SYRACUSENY NEW YORK13057 US BNYMELLON/RE BARCLAYS CAPITAL SECURITIES LTD. ONE WALL STREETNEW YORKNY NEW YORK10286 BNYMELLON/RE CACEIS BANK LUXEMBOURG 500 Grant St.BNY Mellon CenterPITTSBURGHPA PENNSYLVANIA15258 BNYMELLON/RE CACEIS BANK  NETHERLANDS 111 SANDERS CREEK PARKWAYEAST SYRACUSENY NEW YORK13057 BNYMELLON/RE CHARLES STANLEY AND COMPANY  LIMITED 111 SANDERS CREEK PARKWAY 2ND FLOOR2ND FLOOREAST SYRACUSENY NEW YORK13057 US BNYMELLON/RE ETF - ISHARES DTC/NSCC 111 SANDERS CREEK PARKWAYEAST SYRACUSENY NEW YORK13057 BNYMELLON/RE WINTERFLOOD SECURITIES LTD 500 Grant St.BNY Mellon CenterPITTSBURGHPA PENNSYLVANIA15258 BOFA 4804 Deer Lake Drive EastFL9-803-04-04- 4th floorJACKSONVILLEFL FLORIDA32246 US BOFA 4804 Deer Lake Drive EastFL9-803-04-04- 4th floorJACKSONVILLEFL FLORIDA32246 US BOFA SECURITIES INC 4804 Deer Lake Drive EastFL9-803-04-04- 4th floorJACKSONVILLEFL FLORIDA32246 US BROWN BROTHERS HARRIMAN & CO. 140 BROADWAYATTN: CORPORATE ACTIONS VAULTNEW YORKNY NEW YORK10005 US BROWN BROTHERS HARRIMAN & CO./ETF 140 BROADWAYNEW YORKNY NEW YORK10005 CALDWELL SECURITIES LTD./CDS** 55 UNIVERSITY AVENUESUITE 340TORONTOON ONTARIOM5J 2H7 CANADA CANACCORD GENUITY CORP. 609 GRANVILLE STVANCOUVERBC BRITISH COLUMBIAV7Y 1H2 CA CANADA CANTOR  FITZGERALD & CO. 135 E 57TH ST 5TH FLNEW YORKNY NEW YORK10041 US CDS CLEARING AND DEPOSITORY SERVICES INC. 100 ADELAIDE STREET WESTTORONTOON ONTARIOM5H 1S3 CA CANADA CETERA INVESTMENT SERVICES LLC 400 FIRST STREET SOUTH  SUITE 300SUITE 300ST. CLOUDMN MINNESOTA56302-0283 US CHARLES SCHWAB & CO.  INC. 211 MAIN STREETSAN FRANCISCOCA CALIFORNIA94105 US CI INVESTMENT SERVICES INC. 199 BAY STREETSUITE 2600TORONTOON ONTARIOM5L 1E2 CA CANADA CIBC WORLD MARKETS INC./CDS** 161 BAY STREET 10 FLTORONTOON ONTARIOM5J 2S8 CA CANADA CITIBANK  N.A./ETF 3800 CITIGROUP CENTERB2/2TAMPAFL FLORIDA33610 CITIBANK  NATIONAL ASSOCIATION 3800 CITIBANK CENTER TAMPABLDG.B FIRST FLOOR ZONE 8TAMPAFL FLORIDA33610-9122 US CITIGROUP GLOBAL MARKETS  INC. 580 CROSSPOINT PARKWAYGETZVILLENY NEW YORK14068 US CLEAR STREET LLC 4 World Trade Center  45th Floor150 Greenwich StreetNEW YORKNY NEW YORK10007 CLEARSTREET IO 55 BROADWAY (SUITE 2102)CORPORATE ACTIONSNEW YORKNEW YORK10006 US COMMERCE BANK 922 WALNUT STREETMAIL STOP TBTS-2KANSAS CITYMO MISSOURI64106 US COR CLEARING LLC 9300 UNDERWOOD AVESUITE 400OMAHANE NEBRASKA68114 US Credential Securities Inc. 800-1111 WEST GEORGIA STREETVANCOUVERBC BRITISH COLUMBIAV6E 4T6 CA CANADA CREST INTERNATIONAL NOMINEES LIMITED 33 CANNON STREETLONDONEC4M 5SB GB UNITED KINGDO CURVATURE SECURITIES  LLC 39 MAIN STREETCHATHAMNJ NEW JERSEY07928 US D.A. DAVIDSON & CO. 8 3RD STREET NORTHGREAT FALLSMT MONTANA59401 US DEPOSITO CENTRAL DE VALORES S.A.  DEPOSITO DE VALORES AVENIDA APOQUINDO # 4001FLOOR 12  C.P.7550162  SANTIAGOCL CHILE DESJARDINS SECURITIES INC. 1253 McGill College10TH FLOORMONTREALQUEBECH3B 2Y5 CA CANADA DEUTSCHE BANK AG NY/US CUSTODY 1251 Avenue Of The AmericasNEW YORKNY NEW YORK10020 DEUTSCHE BANK SECURITIES INC. 60 WALL STREET9TH FLOORNEW YORKNY NEW YORK10005 US DRIVEWEALTH  LLC 15 EXCHANGE PLACE10TH FLOORJERSEY CITYNEW JERSEY07302 E*TRADE CLEARING LLC HARBORSIDE FINANCIAL CENTER501 PLAZA 11JERSEY CITYNJ NEW JERSEY07311 US EDWARD D. JONES & CO.  L.P. 12555 MANCHESTER ROADST. LOUISMO MISSOURI63131-3729 US EDWARD D. JONES & CO.  L.P. 201 PROGRESS PARKWAYMARYLAND HEIGHTSMO MISSOURI63043 US FIDELITY CLEARING CANADA ULC/CDS** 483 BAY ST.SOUTH TOWERTORONTOON ONTARIOM5G2N7 CA CANADA FIFTH THIRD BANK 5001 KINGSLEY DRIVEMAIL DROP 1MOB28CINCINNATIOH OHIO45227 US FOLIO INVESTMENTS  INC. 8180 GREENSBORO DRIVE8TH FLOORMCLEANVA VIRGINIA22102 US FUTU CLEARING INC. 12750 Merit DriveSUITE 475DALLASTX TEXAS75251 GMP SECURITIES L.P. 145 KING STREET WEST  SUITE 30011TH FLOORTORONTOON ONTARIOMJ5 1J8 CA CANADA GOLDMAN  SACHS & CO. LLC 222 SOUTH MAIN STREETAttn: Mandatory Corporate ActionsSALT LAKE CITYUT UTAH84101 US HAYWOOD SECURITIES INC./CDS** 200 BURRARD STWATERFRONT CENTRE SUITE 700VANCOUVERBC BRITISH COLUMBIAV6C 3L6 CANADA HILLTOP SECURITIES INC. 1201 ELM ST.35TH FLOORDALLASTX TEXAS75270 US HRT FINANCIAL LLC 150 GREENWICH STREET (ATTN: SETTLEMENT) FOUR WORLD TRADE CENTER57TH FLOORNEW YORKNY NEW YORK10007 US HSBC BANK USA  NA/HSBC CUSTODY & CLEARING SERVICES FOR STOCK LOAN 452 FIFTH AVENUEATTN: HBUS CCS SETTSNEW YORKNY NEW YORK10018 US HSBC BANK USA  NATIONAL ASSOCIATION 452 FIFTH AVENUEATTN: HBUS CCS SETTSNEW YORKNEW YORK10018 US INTERACTIVE BROKERS LLC 2 PICKWICK PLAZA2ND FLOORGREENWICHCT CONNECTICUT06830 US J.P. MORGAN CHASE BANK NA/FBO BLACKROCK CTF 1111 POLARIS PARKWAYCOLUMBUSOH OHIO43240 J.P. MORGAN CLEARING CORP. FOUR CHASE METROTECH CENTER3RD FLOORBROOKLYNNY NEW YORK11201 US JANNEY MONTGOMERY SCOTT LLC 1717 ARCH STREET17TH FLOORPHILADELPHIAPA PENNSYLVANIA19103 US JEFFERIES LLC 101 HUDSON STREET  11th FloorNEW JERSEYNJ NEW JERSEY07302 US JPMORGAN CHASE BANK  NATIONAL ASSOCIATION FOUR CHASE METROTECH CENTER3RD FLOORBROOKLYNNY NEW YORK11201 US JPMORGAN CHASE BANK/EUROCLEAR BANK FOUR CHASE METROTECH CENTER3RD FLOORBROOKLYNNY NEW YORK11245 US JPMORGAN CHASE BANK/IA FOUR CHASE METROTECH CENTER3RD FLOORBROOKLYNNY NEW YORK11201 US KEYBANK NATIONAL ASSOCIATION 4900 TIEDEMAN RDBROOKLYNOH OHIO44144 US LAURENTIAN BANK SECURITIES INC. 1981 MCGILL COLLEGE AVE.SUITE 100MONTREALQUEBECH3A 3K3 CA CANADA LPL FINANCIAL LLC 4707 EXECUTIVE DRIVESAN DIEGOCA CALIFORNIA92121 US MANUFACTURERS AND TRADERS TRUST COMPANY ONE M&T PLAZATRUST OPS 8TH FLOORBUFFALONY NEW YORK14203 US MANULIFE SECURITIES INCORPORATED 1235 NORTH SERVICE ROAD WESTOAKVILLEON ONTARIOL6M 2W2 CA CANADA MARSCO INVESTMENT CORPORATION 101 EISENHOWER PARKWAYROSELANDNJ NEW JERSEY07068 US MERRILL LYNCH  PIERCE  FENNER & SMITH INCORPORATED 4804 Deer Lake Drive EastFL9-803-04-04- 4th floorJACKSONVILLEFL FLORIDA32246 US MIRAE ASSET SECURITIES (USA) INC./STOCK LOAN CONDUIT ACCOUNT 810 SEVENTH AVE37TH FLOORNEW YORKNY NEW YORK10019 MIRAE ASSET SECURITIES (USA)  INC. 810 SEVENTH AVE37TH FLOORNEW YORKNY NEW YORK10019 MITSUBISHI UFJ TRUST & BANKING CORPORATION  NEW YORK BRANCH 280 PARK AVE39TH FL-WEST BLDGNEW YORKNY NEW YORK10017 Morgan Stanley 1300 THAMES STREETTHAMES STREET WHARFBALTIMOREMD MARYLAND21231 US MORGAN STANLEY & CO. LLC 1300 THAMES ST.BALTIMOREMD MARYLAND MORGAN STANLEY SMITH BARNEY LLC 1 NEW YORK PLAZA39TH FLOORNEW YORKNY NEW YORK10004 US MURIEL SIEBERT & CO.  INC. 77 SUMMER STREET3RD FLOORBOSTONMA MASSACHUSETTS02210 US NATIONAL FINANCIAL SERVICES LLC 499 WASHINGTON BOULEVARD5TH FLOORJERSEY CITYNJ NEW JERSEY07310 US NBCN INC. 1010 rue De La GauchetièreMezzanine 100MONTREALQUEBECH3B 5J2 CA CANADA NOMURA INTERNATIONAL TRUST COMPANY 309 WEST 49TH STREET10TH FLOORNEW YORKNY NEW YORK10019 US ODLUM BROWN LIMITED 250 HOWE STREETSUITE 1100VANCOUVERBC BRITISH COLUMBIAV6C 3R8 CA CANADA OPPENHEIMER & CO. INC. 85 BROAD STREETNEW YORKNY NEW YORK10004 US PERSHING LLC 1 PERSHING PLAZAJERSEY CITYNJ NEW JERSEY07399 US PHILLIP CAPITAL INC. 141 W. JACKSON BLVD. SUITE 3050CHICAGOIL ILLINOIS60604 US PI FINANCIAL CORP. 666 BURRARD STSUITE 1900VANCOUVERBC BRITISH COLUMBIAV6C 3N1 CA CANADA PNC BANK  NATIONAL ASSOCIATION 4100 W 150TH STREETASSET MOVEMENT TEAM 3RD FL  LOCATOR B7-YB17-03-03CLEVELANDOH OHIO44135 US PRINCIPAL BANK 711 HIGH STREETDES MOINESIA IOWA50392 QUESTRADE INC./CDS** 5650 YONGE ST. Suite 1700TORONTOON ONTARIOM2M 4G3 CA CANADA Raymond James & Associates  Inc. 880 CARILLON PKWYST. PETERSBURGFL FLORIDA33733-2749 US RAYMOND JAMES LTD. 925 WEST GEORGIA STREETSUITE 2200VANCOUVERBC BRITISH COLUMBIAV6C 3L2 CA CANADA RBC CAPITAL MARKETS  LLC 60 SOUTH 6TH ST.MINNEAPOLISMN MINNESOTA55402 US RBC DOMINION SECURITIES INC 21 COMMERCE COURT SOUTH2ND FLOORTORONTOON ONTARIOM5L 1A7 CANADA RELIANCE TRUST COMPANY 1100 ABERNATHY RD.500 NORTHPARK SUITE 400ATLANTAGA GEORGIA30113 US RELIANCE TRUST COMPANY 4900 W. BROWN DEER RDMILWAUKEEWI WISCONSIN53223 US ROBERT W. BAIRD & CO. INCORPORATED 777 E WISCONSIN AVE9TH FLOORMILWAUKEEWI WISCONSIN53202 US ROBINHOOD SECURITIES  LLC 500 COLONIAL CENTER PARKWAYSUITE 100LAKE MARYFL FLORIDA32746 US SAFRA SECURITIES LLC 546 5TH AVENUENEW YORKNY NEW YORK10036 US SCOTIA CAPITAL (USA) INC. 150 KING STREET W5TH FLOORTORONTOON ONTARIOM5H 1J9 CA CANADA SEI PRIVATE TRUST COMPANY 1 FREEDOM VALLEY DRIVEOAKSPA PENNSYLVANIA19456 US SEI PRIVATE TRUST COMPANY 1 FREEDOM VALLEY DRIVEOAKSPA PENNSYLVANIA19456 US SG AMERICAS SECURITIES  LLC 480 WASHINGTON BLVD.20TH FLOORJERSEY CITYNJ NEW JERSEY07310 US SSB - BLACKROCK INSTITUTIONAL TRUST 50 California StreetSan FranciscoCA CALIFORNIA94163 SSB - TRUST CUSTODY 30 ADELAIDE ST EASTSUITE 800TORONTOON ONTARIOM5C 3G6 CA CANADA SSB&T CO/CLIENT CUSTODY SERVICES 1776 HERITAGE DRIVENORTH QUINCYMA MASSACHUSETTS02171 STATE STREET BANK & TRUST CO 16 WALL STREET5TH FLOORNEW YORKNY NEW YORK10005 US STATE STREET BANK & TRUST COMPANY / ISHARES EUROPE 1776 HERITAGE DRIVENORTH QUINCYMA MASSACHUSETTS02171 STATE STREET BANK & TRUST/STATE STREET TOTALETF 1776 Heritage DriveNORTH QUINCYMA MASSACHUSETTS02717 STATE STREET BANK AND TRUST COMPANY 30 ADELAIDE ST EASTSUITE 800TORONTOON ONTARIOM5C 3G6 CA CANADA STIFEL  NICOLAUS & COMPANY  INCORPORATED 501 N BROADWAYST. LOUISMO MISSOURI63102 US STONEX FINANCIAL INC. 2 PERIMETER PARK SOUTHSUITE 100 WBIRMINGHAMAL ALABAMA35243 US TD AMERITRADE CLEARING  INC. 200 S 108TH AVEOMAHANE NEBRASKA68154 US TD WATERHOUSE CANADA INCATTN: MANDATORY CORPORATE ACTIONS 77 BLOOR STREET WEST3RD FLOORTORONTOON ONTARIOM5S 1M2 CA CANADA TEXAS TREASURY SAFEKEEPING TRUST COMPANY 208 E 10TH STAUSTINTX TEXAS78701 US THE BANK OF NEW YORK MELLON 500 GRANT STREET27TH FLOORPITTSBURGHPA PENNSYLVANIA15258 US THE HUNTINGTON NATIONAL BANK 7 EASTON OVAL EA4E62COLUMBUSOH OHIO43209 US THE NORTHERN TRUST COMPANY 333 South Wabash Ave  32nd FloorAttn: Trade Securities ProcessingCHICAGOIL ILLINOIS60603 US TRADESTATION SECURITIES  INC. 120 RIVERSIDE PLAZASUITE 1650CHICAGOIL ILLINOIS60606 US U.S. BANCORP INVESTMENTS  INC. 60 LIVINGSTON AVEEP-MN-WN1BST. PAULMN MINNESOTA55107-1419 US U.S. BANK N.A./ETF 1555 N RIVER CENTER DRIVEMILWAUKEEWI WISCONSIN53212 U.S. BANK NATIONAL ASSOCIATION 1555 NORTH RIVERCENTER DRIVE  SUITE 302SUITE 302MILWAUKEEWI WISCONSIN53212 US UBS AG 480 WASHINGTON BLVD.12TH FLOORJERSEY CITYNJ NEW JERSEY07310 US UBS FINANCIAL SERVICES INC. 1000 HARBOR BOULEVARDWEEHAWKENNJ NEW JERSEY07086 US UBS SECURITIES LLC 677 WASHINGTON BLVDSTAMFORDCT CONNECTICUT06901 US UMB BANK  NATIONAL ASSOCIATION 928 GRAND BLVDKANSAS CITYMO MISSOURI64106 US VANGUARD MARKETING CORPORATION 100 VANGUARD BLVDMALVERNPA PENNSYLVANIA19355 US VELOCITY CLEARING  LLC 1301 Route 36Suite 109 (Attn: Chris Felicetti)HAZLETNEW JERSEY7730 US VELOX CLEARING LLC 2400 E. KATELLA AVENUESUITE 725AANAHEIMCA CALIFORNIA92806 US VIRTU AMERICAS LLC ONE LIBERTY PLAZA  165 BROADWAY5TH FLOORNEW YORKNY NEW YORK10006 US VISION FINANCIAL MARKETS LLC 4 HIGH RIDGE PARKSUITE 100STAMFORDCT CONNECTICUT06905 US WEDBUSH SECURITIES INC 1000 WILSHIRE BLVD8TH FLOORLOS ANGELESCA CALIFORNIA90017 US WEDBUSH SECURITIES INC. 1000 WILSHIRE BLVD.LOS ANGELESCA CALIFORNIA90017 US WELLS FARGO BANK  N.A./SIG 733 MARQUETTE AVE 4TH FLOORMAC N9306-04DMINNEAPOLISMN MINNESOTA55402 US WELLS FARGO CLEARING SERVICES LLC 1 NORTH JEFFERSONMAIL CODE: H0006-094ST. LOUISMO MISSOURI63103 US WELLS FARGO SECURITIES  LLC 1525 WEST W T HARRIS BLVDCHARLOTTENC NORTH CAROLINA28262 US WILSON-DAVIS & CO.  INC. 236 SOUTH MAIN STREETSALT LAKE CITYUT UTAH84101 USAbout Sorrento Therapeutics  Inc.Sorrento is a clinical and commercial stage biopharmaceutical company developing new therapies to treat cancer  pain (non-opioid treatments)  autoimmune disease and COVID-19. Sorrento's multimodal  multipronged approach to fighting cancer is made possible by its extensive immuno-oncology platforms  including key assets such as Abivertinib  next-generation tyrosine kinase inhibitors (“TKIs”)  fully human antibodies (“G-MAB™ library”)  immuno-cellular therapies (“DAR-T™”)  antibody-drug conjugates (“ADCs”)  and oncolytic virus (“Seprehvec™”). Sorrento is also developing potential antiviral therapies and vaccines against coronaviruses  including STI-1558  COVI-MSC™; and diagnostic test solutions  including COVIMARK™.Sorrento's commitment to life-enhancing therapies for patients is also demonstrated by our effort to advance a TRPV1 agonist  non-opioid pain management small molecule  resiniferatoxin (“RTX”)  and SP-102 (10 mg  dexamethasone sodium phosphate viscous gel) (SEMDEXA™)  a novel  viscous gel formulation of a widely used corticosteroid for epidural injections to treat lumbosacral radicular pain  or sciatica  and to commercialize ZTlido® (lidocaine topical system) 1.8% for the treatment of postherpetic neuralgia (PHN). RTX has been cleared for a Phase II trial for intractable pain associated with cancer and a Phase II trial in osteoarthritis patients. Positive final results from the Phase III Pivotal Trial C.L.E.A.R. Program for SEMDEXA™  its novel  non-opioid product for the treatment of lumbosacral radicular pain (sciatica)  were announced in March 2022. ZTlido® was approved by the FDA on February 28  2018.For more information visit www.sorrentotherapeutics.comMedia and Investor RelationsContact: Brian CooleyEmail: mediarelations@sorrentotherapeutics.comSorrento® and the Sorrento logo are registered trademarks of Sorrento Therapeutics  Inc.G-MAB™  DAR-T™  Seprehvec™  SOFUSA™  COVI-MSC™  COVIMARK™  Ovydso™ and Fujovee™ are trademarks of Sorrento Therapeutics  Inc.SEMDEXA™ (SP-102) is a trademark of Semnur Pharmaceuticals  Inc. A proprietary name review by the FDA is planned.ZTlido® is a registered trademark owned by Scilex Pharmaceuticals Inc.All other trademarks are the property of their respective owners.©2023 Sorrento Therapeutics  Inc. All Rights Reserved.,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.36,0.39,0.24,True,English,"['Scilex Holding Company Common Stock', 'Sorrento Issues', 'FAQ', 'Dividend', 'SCILEX HOLDING COMPANY COMMON STOCK', 'Pacific Stock Transfer Company', 'pro rata basis', 'Scilex common stock', 'Record Warrant Holders', 'Sorrento common stock', 'Record Common Holders', 'other similar organization', 'The Record Date', 'record holders', 'Other Agent', 'transfer agent', 'stock dividend', 'Dividend Stock', 'The Dividend', 'Sorrento Therapeutics', 'Sorrento stockholders', 'SAN DIEGO', 'GLOBE NEWSWIRE', 'Investors” section', 'payment date', 'short positions', 'related annexes', 'press release', 'ownership percentage', 'full exercise', 'closing price', 'Beneficial Owner', 'brokerage firm', 'respective warrants', 'outstanding warrants', 'applicable warrants', 'one share', 'recent dividend', 'Lieu Payment', 'CUSIP information', 'fractional shares', 'ASKED QUESTIONS', 'street name', 'Dividend Ratio', '76,000,000 shares', 'Nasdaq', 'SRNE', 'document', 'website', 'sorrentotherapeutics', 'FAQs', 'details', 'distribution', 'restrictions', 'issues', 'connection', 'December', 'Inc.', 'board', 'directors', 'aggregate', 'close', 'business', 'right', 'terms', 'accordance', 'records', 'cash', 'interest', 'deduction', 'amount', 'product', 'January', 'PST', 'Bank', 'account', 'dealer', 'purposes', 'portion']",2023-01-30,2023-01-30,globenewswire.com
17355,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/01/30/2597224/0/en/Scilex-Holding-Company-Announces-that-its-Majority-Stockholder-Sorrento-Therapeutics-Inc-has-Issued-an-FAQ-Regarding-the-Dividend-of-Scilex-Holding-Company-Common-Stock.html,Scilex Holding Company Announces that its Majority Stockholder  Sorrento Therapeutics  Inc.  has Issued an “FAQ” Regarding the Dividend of Scilex Holding Company Common Stock,PALO ALTO  Calif.  Jan. 29  2023 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Scilex Holding Company (Nasdaq: SCLX) announced that its majority stockholder  Sorrento Therapeutics  Inc. (Nasdaq: SRNE  “Sorrento”) today posted a “Frequently Asked Questions” document under the “Investor…,PALO ALTO  Calif.  Jan. 29  2023 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Scilex Holding Company (Nasdaq: SCLX) announced that its majority stockholder  Sorrento Therapeutics  Inc. (Nasdaq: SRNE  “Sorrento”) today posted a “Frequently Asked Questions” document under the “Investors” section of its website at www.sorrentotherapeutics.com regarding its recent dividend to Sorrento stockholders of shares of common stock of Scilex Holding Company held by Sorrento.The FAQs address questions regarding the details of the dividend  including the record date  payment date  dividend ratio  distribution of the shares of Scilex common stock  how Sorrento stockholders can obtain certain information regarding the dividend  CUSIP information for Scilex common stock  and transfer restrictions on the dividend stock as well as questions related to issues that may arise with respect to the dividend in connection with short positions in Sorrento common stock.The FAQs and related annexes are included in this press release and can also be found on Scilex’s website https://www.scilexholding.com/investors/faqs/FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONSREGARDING THE DIVIDEND OF SCILEX HOLDING COMPANY COMMON STOCK BY SORRENTO THERAPEUTICS  INC.Q:What is the dividend of Scilex Common Stock?A:On December 30  2022  Sorrento Therapeutics  Inc. ( Sorrento ) announced that its board of directors declared a stock dividend ( Dividend ) consisting of an aggregate of 76 000 000 shares ( Dividend Stock ) of common stock of Scilex Holding Company held by Sorrento to record holders of:Sorrento’s common stock ( Record Common Holders ) as of the close of business on the Record Date  and) as of the close of business on the Record Date  and certain warrants to purchase Sorrento common stock (which have or may have the right to participate in the Dividend pursuant to the terms of their respective warrants) ( Record Warrant Holders and together with the Record Common Holders  Record Holders ).The Dividend would be apportioned on a pro rata basis among such holders in accordance with each holder’s ownership percentage of Sorrento common stock (assuming the full exercise of all outstanding warrants to purchase Sorrento common stock) as of the Record Date as set forth in the records of Sorrento’s transfer agent (with respect to the Record Common Holders) and Sorrento (with respect to the Record Warrant Holders) as of such date.No fractional shares will be issued in connection with the Dividend and the Record Holders who otherwise would be entitled to receive fractional shares of Scilex common stock are entitled to receive cash (without interest or deduction) in lieu of such fractional shares in an amount equal to the product obtained by multiplying (a) $5.87 (which represents the closing price of Scilex common stock on the Record Date)  by (b) the fraction of one share of Scilex common stock that such Record Holder would have otherwise been entitled to receive as a Dividend in respect of shares of Sorrento common stock held by such Record Holder (after aggregating all such fractional shares otherwise issuable to such Record Holder in connection with the Dividend) ( Cash-in-Lieu Payment ).Q:What was the Record Date for the Dividend?A:The Record Date for determining the Sorrento stockholders who are entitled to receive Dividend Stock was January 9  2023.Q:What was the Payment Date for the Dividend Stock?A:The payment date for the Dividend Stock was January 19  2023 ( Payment Date ).Q:What was the Dividend Ratio?A:The dividend ratio is 0.1410127 of a share of Scilex common stock for each one share of Sorrento common stock held (or underlying the applicable warrants) by the Record Holders as of the close of business on the Record Date.Q:Will I receive Dividend Stock?A:If you are a Record Common Holder  meaning you held Sorrento common stock as of the close of business on the Record Date  you are entitled to receive the Dividend Stock.Q:How do I know if I am a Record Common Holder?A:Stockholder of Record: Shares Registered in Your NameIf at the close of business on January 9  2023  your shares of Sorrento common stock were registered directly in your name with Sorrento’s transfer agent  Pacific Stock Transfer Company ( PST )  then you are the stockholder of record for these shares and a Record Common Holder.Beneficial Owner: Shares Registered in the Name of a Broker  Bank or Other AgentIf at the close of business on January 9  2023  your shares of Sorrento common stock were held  not in your name   but rather in an account at a brokerage firm  bank  dealer or other similar organization  then you are the beneficial owner of shares held in “street name” and the organization holding your account is considered the stockholder of record  or the Record Common Holder  for purposes of the Dividend. As a beneficial owner  you have the right to direct your broker  bank or other agent with respect to the portion of Dividend Stock of which you are a beneficial owner and how it is reflected in your account.Q:What information and documentation was distributed to the Record Common Holders in connection with the Dividend?A:Stockholder of Record: Shares Registered in Your NameIf at the close of business on January 9  2023  your shares of Sorrento common stock were registered directly in your name with Sorrento’s transfer agent  PST  then PST mailed the Information Statement to your address on record with PST. A copy of the Information Statement is attached to this FAQ as Annex A .In addition  on January 19  2023  Scilex’s transfer agent  Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company ( CST )  distributed to you as a Record Common Holder (i) your pro rata portion of the Dividend Stock based on the Dividend Ratio and (ii) a Cash-in-Lieu Payment  if you otherwise were entitled to receive fractional shares of Scilex common stock.The Dividend Stock is evidenced by a book-entry/DRS transaction confirmation ( Dividend Confirmation )  which Dividend Confirmation was mailed to your address on record with Sorrento’s transfer agent  PST. Accordingly  you are now a stockholder of record for your Dividend Stock and your shares are registered directly in your name with Scilex’s transfer agent  CST. If you were entitled to a Cash-in-Lieu Payment  a check for such payment was also mailed to your address on record with PST.Beneficial Owner: Shares Registered in the Name of a Broker  Bank or Other AgentIf at the close of business on January 9  2023  your shares of Sorrento common stock were held  not in your name   but rather in an account at a brokerage firm  bank  dealer or other similar organization  then you are the beneficial owner of shares held in “street name” and the organization holding your account is considered the stockholder of record  or the Record Common Holder  for purposes of the Dividend.As a Record Common Holder  your broker or other agent should have received the Information Statement directly from PST. A copy of the Information Statement is attached to this FAQ as Annex A .As a beneficial owner  you have the right to direct your broker  bank or other agent with respect to the Dividend Stock and how it is reflected in your account. Your broker can also assist you with obtaining your Cash-in-Lieu Payment  if any.Q:What if I did not receive the Information Statement or a Dividend Confirmation?A:A copy of the Information Statement is attached to this FAQ as Annex A .Stockholder of Record: Shares Registered in Your NameTo obtain a copy of your Dividend Confirmation or to check on the status of your Cash-in-Lieu Payment (if any)  please contact Scilex’s transfer agent  CST  by phone or email at:Continental Stock Transfer & Trust CompanyTelephone Number: 800-509-5586Email Address: cstmail@continentalstock.comBeneficial Owner: Shares Registered in the Name of a Broker  Bank or Other AgentIf you hold your shares in “street name” through a brokerage firm  bank  dealer or other similar organization  that organization received a Dividend Confirmation with respect to all Dividend Stock held by its customers and your pro rata portion of the Dividend Stock should be reflected in the statements you receive from your brokerage firm  bank  dealer or other similar organization.A list of brokerage firms  banks  dealers and other similar organizations that received a Dividend Confirmation for shares held in “street name” is set forth on Annex B of this FAQ.IF YOU HAVE ANY QUESTIONS REGARDING YOUR STATEMENT OR ANY OTHER COMMUNICATIONS FROM YOUR BROKER OR OTHER AGENT REGARDING THE DIVIDEND STOCK  PLEASE CONTACT THEM IMMEDIATELY.Q:Why does my brokerage statement indicate that the Dividend Stock has no value?A:If your brokerage statement indicates that the Dividend Stock has no value  please contact your brokerage firm  bank  dealer or other similar organization directly on an immediate basis to ensure that your brokerage statement is accurate and reflects the value of the Dividend Stock.A list of brokerage firms  banks  dealers and other similar organizations that received a Dividend Confirmation for shares held in “street name” is set forth on Annex B of this FAQ.Q:What is the value of the Dividend Stock?A:Scilex common stock is listed on The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC under the symbol “SCLX”. You may obtain the trading and closing prices of Scilex common stock on Nasdaq’s website at Nasdaq.com.Q:What is the CUSIP number for shares of Scilex common stock?A:Scilex’s CUSIP number 80880W106.Q:Is there a separate CUSIP number for the Dividend Stock?A:No. The CUSIP number for the Dividend Stock is the same as all other shares of Scilex common stock.Q:My brokerage statement references an ISIN. What is an ISIN?A:ISIN stands for International Securities Identification Numbering system and is the global ISO standard for unique identification of financial and referential instruments  including equity  debt  derivatives and indices.Note that the ISIN is not the CUSIP number. You should contact your broker immediately for more information about the ISIN and to have the broker include Scilex’s CUSIP number on your brokerage statement.Q:Can I transfer  sell  pledge  loan or otherwise dispose and transfer the Dividend Stock?A:No. The Dividend Stock you will receive on the Payment Date is subject to restrictions on transfer until May 11  2023 and your shares of Dividend Stock will reflect the following restrictive legend  which restriction is also included in your Dividend Confirmation:THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE MAY NOT BE TRANSFERRED  PLEDGED  HYPOTHECATED  LOANED  ENCUMBERED OR OTHERWISE DISPOSED OF WITHOUT THE CONSENT OF SCILEX HOLDING COMPANY (THE “COMPANY”) PRIOR TO MAY 11  2023. A TRANSFER OF THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE SHALL BE DEEMED TO INCLUDE  WITHOUT LIMITATION  THE (A) SALE OR ASSIGNMENT OF  OFFER TO SELL  CONTRACT OR AGREEMENT TO SELL  GRANT OF ANY OPTION TO PURCHASE OR OTHERWISE DISPOSE OF OR AGREEMENT TO DISPOSE OF  DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY  OR ESTABLISHMENT OR INCREASE OF A PUT EQUIVALENT POSITION OR LIQUIDATION WITH RESPECT TO OR DECREASE OF A CALL EQUIVALENT POSITION WITHIN THE MEANING OF SECTION 16 OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934  AS AMENDED (THE “EXCHANGE ACT”)  WITH RESPECT TO  ANY SECURITY OF THE COMPANY  (B) ENTRY INTO ANY SWAP OR OTHER ARRANGEMENT THAT TRANSFERS TO ANOTHER  IN WHOLE OR IN PART  ANY OF THE ECONOMIC CONSEQUENCES OF OWNERSHIP OF ANY SECURITY OF THE COMPANY  WHETHER ANY SUCH TRANSACTION IS TO BE SETTLED BY DELIVERY OF SUCH SECURITIES  IN CASH OR OTHERWISE  AND (C) ENGAGEMENT  WHETHER DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY  IN ANY (I) “SHORT SALE” (AS SUCH TERM IS DEFINED IN RULE 200 OF REGULATION SHO OF THE EXCHANGE ACT) OF THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE OR (II) HEDGING TRANSACTION  WHICH ESTABLISHES A NET SHORT POSITION WITH RESPECT TO ANY SECURITIES OF THE COMPANY (INCLUDING THE COMMON STOCK OF THE COMPANY)  WITH RESPECT TO EACH OF CLAUSES (I) AND (II) HEREOF  EITHER FOR THE HOLDER’S OWN PRINCIPAL ACCOUNT OR FOR THE PRINCIPAL ACCOUNT OF ANY OTHER PERSON.Q:When will I be able to transfer  sell  pledge  or otherwise dispose and transfer the Dividend Stock?A:The foregoing transfer restrictions on the Dividend Stock will be removed on May 12  2023  without any action required by you.Q:If I loaned my shares of Sorrento common stock to short sellers or any other party as of the Record Date  am I still entitled to receive Dividend Stock as of the Payment Date?A:Only Record Holders as of the Record Date are entitled to receive the Dividend Stock. If you were the Record Holder as of the Record Date and are entitled to receive the Dividend Stock  but have not received the Dividend Stock  you may be entitled to receive Dividend Stock from the short seller or other party who borrowed your shares of Sorrento common stock  whether through the lending programs implemented by your brokerage firm  bank  dealer and other similar organization or otherwise. If you were a Record Holder as of the Record Date and have not received your Dividend Stock  please consult with your financial advisor  broker or other agent immediately to determine how to receive your Dividend Stock.Q:What if my shares of Sorrento common stock were sold “short” as of the Record Date?A:According to Sorrento’s estimates  approximately 60 million or more shares of Sorrento common stock were sold “short” as of the Record Date. In the event your shares of Sorrento common stock were held through a brokerage firm  bank  dealer or other similar organization and were sold “short” as of the Record Date  you should consult with your financial advisor  broker or other agent immediately to determine whether you may also be deemed “short” Scilex common stock as a result of the Dividend  as well as any obligations required for you to cover your “short” position(s).Note that “naked short” sales or “naked short” positions in any Sorrento common stock may constitute a violation of SEC Regulation SHO.Q:What if my shares of Scilex common stock issued as the Dividend Stock were sold “short” because my Sorrento common stock was sold “short” as of the Payment Date?A:According to Sorrento’s estimates  approximately 8.4 million or more shares of Scilex common stock were deemed to have been sold “short” as of the Payment Date as a result of the “short” positions of the underlying Sorrento common stock referenced above.In the event your shares of Scilex common stock issued as the Dividend Stock are held through a brokerage firm  bank  dealer or other similar organization and were deemed to have been sold “short” as of the Payment Date as a result of a “short” position in Sorrento’s underlying common stock referenced above  you should consult with your financial advisor  broker or other agent immediately to determine any obligations required to cover your “short” position(s) of Scilex common shares.Note that “naked short” sales or “naked short” positions in any Scilex common stock may constitute a violation of SEC Regulation SHO.Q:If I am deemed “short” the Scilex Divided Stock  what is the borrowing cost for my “short” position in shares of Scilex common stock?A:According to recent reports from various brokerage firms lending shares of Scilex common stock for “short” sales  the current borrowing interest rate is estimated to be over 400% per year. If your Scilex common stock is held through a brokerage firm  bank  dealer or other similar organization and you have a “short” position  please consult with your financial advisor  broker or other agent immediately to determine your borrowing interest rate for your “short” position(s) of Scilex common stock.Note that “naked short” sales or “naked short” positions in any Scilex common stock may constitute a violation of SEC Regulation SHO.Q:What is the estimated “short” position of the Scilex common stock as of the Payment Date?A:According to Sorrento’s estimates  approximately 8.4 million or more shares of Scilex common stock were deemed to have been sold “short” as of the Payment Date.If your Scilex common stock is held through a brokerage firm  bank  dealer or other similar organization and your shares of Scilex common stock were sold “short” as of the Payment Date  you should consult with your financial advisor  broker or other agent immediately to determine any obligations required to cover your “short” position(s) of Scilex common shares.Note that “naked short” sales or “naked short” positions in any Scilex common stock may constitute a violation of SEC Regulation SHO.Q:What is the public float (i.e.  unrestricted and freely tradeable shares) of the Scilex common stock as of the Payment Date?A:Approximately 2.5 million shares of Scilex common stock were unrestricted and freely tradable as of the Payment Date. This public float may be increased if some or all of the unrestricted and freely tradable “public” warrants to purchase shares of Scilex common stock are exercised. The exercise price of the Scilex “public” warrants is $11.50 per share (subject to adjustment for recapitalizations  stock splits and similar transactions and as provided in the warrants).Q:How many Scilex warrants are currently outstanding?A:There are approximately 11 million unrestricted and freely tradable warrants to purchase shares of Scilex common stock outstanding and such warrants have an exercise price of $11.50 per share (subject to adjustment for recapitalizations  stock splits and similar transactions and as provided in the warrants). Sorrento owns approximately 4.5 million Scilex warrants (of which approximately 3.1 million are private warrants) and Vickers Venture Fund VI Pte Ltd and its affiliates own one million Scilex private warrants.Q:Will Scilex management take any actions with respect to the substantial “naked short” positions of Scilex common stock that represents approximately three times the public float of Scilex common stock?A:Yes. The management teams of both Scilex and Sorrento are in consultation with their outside legal counsel to explore all legal avenues to resolve the imbalance of the substantial “naked short” positions of Scilex common stock estimated to be approximately 8.4 million or more shares of Scilex common stock as compared to the limited public float of approximately 2.5 million shares of Scilex common stock.Scilex and Sorrento will send a written notification to the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority (FINRA)  which oversees U.S. broker-dealers  to advise FINRA of the substantial “naked short” positions of Scilex common stock. Sorrento and Scilex will offer to work closely with FINRA and other regulatory agencies to enforce compliance with applicable laws  rules and regulations governing market participants  which strictly prohibit intentional or abusive “naked shorting” of publicly traded securities.Annex AInformation StatementJanuary 10  2023Dear Sorrento Therapeutics  Inc. Stockholder:As Sorrento Therapeutics  Inc. (“ Sorrento ”) previously announced  on December 29  2022 our board of directors declared a stock dividend (the “ Dividend ”) consisting of an aggregate of 76 000 000 shares (the “ Dividend Stock ”) of common stock  par value $0.0001 per share  of Scilex Holding Company (“ Scilex Common Stock ”) held by Sorrento to record holders of (i) Sorrento’s common stock  par value $0.0001 per share (such stock  the “ Sorrento Common Stock ” and such record holders  the “ Record Common Holders ”) as of the close of business on January 9  2023 (the “ Record Date ”)  and (ii) certain warrants to purchase Sorrento Common Stock that  among other things  have not been exercised prior to the ex-dividend date under the rules of The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC (and which have or may have the right to participate in the Dividend pursuant to the terms of their respective warrants) (the “ Record Warrant Holders ” and together with the Record Common Holders  the “ Record Holders ”)  which Dividend shall be paid on January 19  2023 (the “ Payment Date ”) and shall be apportioned on a pro rata basis among the Record Holders in accordance with each Record Holder’s ownership percentage of Sorrento Common Stock (assuming the full exercise of all outstanding warrants to purchase Sorrento Common Stock) as of the Record Date as set forth in the records of Sorrento’s transfer agent (with respect to the Record Common Holders) and Sorrento (with respect to the Record Warrant Holders) as of such date.Scilex Holding Company (“ Scilex ”) is Sorrento’s majority-controlled  public-reporting subsidiary and the Scilex Common Stock is currently listed and traded on the Nasdaq Capital Market under the ticker symbol “SCLX”. As a public-reporting company  Scilex files periodic reports and other information with the SEC  which reports and other information can be found on the Securities and Exchange Commission’s Internet site at http://www.sec.gov.Each Record Common Holder will receive (and each applicable Record Warrantholder will be entitled to receive following the exercise of such holder’s applicable warrants) 0.1410127 of a share of Scilex Common Stock for each one (1) share of Sorrento Common Stock held (or underlying the applicable warrants) by such Record Holder as of the close of business on the Record Date. The Dividend Stock will be subject to certain transfer restrictions through May 11  2023  as more fully described in the attached information statement and notice. Payment of the Dividend is conditioned upon Sorrento’s board of directors not revoking the dividend prior to the Payment Date.The Dividend Stock will be paid out in uncertificated (i.e.  book-entry) form  which means that no physical share certificates will be delivered to you. No fractional shares of Scilex Common Stock will be issued in the Dividend. To the extent a Record Holder of Sorrento would otherwise be entitled to receive fractional shares of Scilex Common Stock in the Dividend  such holders shall receive cash (without interest or deduction) in lieu of such fractional shares in an amount equal to the product obtained by multiplying (a) the closing price of Scilex Common Stock on the Nasdaq Capital Market on the Record Date  by (b) the fraction of one share of Scilex Common Stock that such equityholder would have otherwise been entitled to receive as a Dividend in respect of shares of Sorrento Common Stock held by such Record Holder (after aggregating all such fractional shares otherwise issuable to such equityholder in connection with the Dividend).You should consult your own tax advisor as to the particular tax consequences of the Dividend  including potential tax consequences under state  local  and non-U.S. tax laws.The Dividend does not require Sorrento stockholder approval  and you do not need to take any action to receive your Dividend Stock. Upon the payment of the Dividend  you will own common stock in both Sorrento (if you retained this stock following the Record Date) and Scilex. Sorrento Common Stock is expected to continue to trade on the Nasdaq Capital Market under the ticker symbol “SRNE” and Scilex Common Stock is expected to continue to trade on the Nasdaq Capital Market under the ticker symbol “SCLX”.Scilex is an innovative revenue-generating company focused on acquiring  developing and commercializing non-opioid pain management products for the treatment of acute and chronic pain. Scilex believes that its innovative non-opioid product portfolio has the potential to provide effective pain management therapies that can have a transformative impact on patients’ lives. Scilex targets indications with high unmet needs and large market opportunities with non-opioid therapies for the treatment of patients with acute and chronic pain and are dedicated to advancing and improving patient outcomes.We want to thank you for your support of Sorrento (including our subsidiary  Scilex) and it is my great privilege to welcome you as a future stockholder of Scilex  and we look forward to your continued support in the future.The enclosed information statement and notice  which we are mailing to all Sorrento stockholders as of the close of business on the Record Date  describes the Dividend and refers you to important business and financial information about SCLX  including Scilex’s strategy and plans for near and long-term growth to generate value for its stockholders. We urge you to read this information statement and notice carefully.Sincerely Henry Ji  Ph.D.Chairman of the Board of Directors  Chief Executive Officer  and President of Sorrento Therapeutics  Inc. and the Executive Chairperson of Scilex Holding CompanyINFORMATION STATEMENTANDNOTICE PURSUANT TO SECTION 151(F) AND SECTION 202OF THE DELAWARE GENERAL CORPORATION LAWSCILEX HOLDING COMPANYCommon Stock  par value $0.0001 per shareUnless the context otherwise requires  references in this information statement to “we ” “us ” “our ” “Scilex ” and “the Company” generally refer to Scilex Holding Company  together with its subsidiaries.This information statement and notice pursuant to Section 151(f) and Section 202 of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware (“ DGCL ”)  including the Summary of the Dividend attached hereto  is being furnished to you as a holder of common stock of Sorrento Therapeutics  Inc. (“ Sorrento ”). As Sorrento previously announced  on December 29  2022 Sorrento’s board of directors (the “ Sorrento Board ”) declared a stock dividend (the “ Dividend ”) consisting of an aggregate of 76 000 000 shares (the “ Dividend Stock ”) of common stock  par value $0.0001 per share  of Scilex Holding Company (“ Scilex Common Stock ”) held by Sorrento to record holders of (i) Sorrento’s common stock  par value $0.0001 per share (such stock  the “ Sorrento Common Stock ” and such record holders  the “ Record Common Holders ”) as of the close of business on January 9  2023 (the “ Record Date ”)  and (ii) certain warrants to purchase Sorrento Common Stock that  among other things  have not been exercised prior to the ex-dividend date under the rules of The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC (and which have or may have the right to participate in the Dividend pursuant to the terms of their respective warrants) (the “ Record Warrant Holders ” and together with the Record Common Holders  the “ Record Holders ”)  which Dividend (unless otherwise determined by the Board) shall be paid on January 19  2023 (the “ Payment Date ”) and shall be apportioned on a pro rata basis among the Record Holders in accordance with each Record Holder’s ownership percentage of Sorrento Common Stock (assuming the full exercise of all outstanding warrants to purchase Sorrento Common Stock) as of the Record Date as set forth in the records of Sorrento’s transfer agent (with respect to the Record Common Holders) and Sorrento (with respect to the Record Warrant Holders) as of such date.We are a majority-controlled  public-reporting subsidiary of Sorrento (which currently holds 96.7% of our currently outstanding voting stock). The Scilex Common Stock is currently listed and traded on the Nasdaq Capital Market under the ticker symbol “SCLX”. As a public-reporting company  Scilex files periodic reports and other information with the Securities and Exchange Commission (“ SEC ”)  which reports and other information can be found on the Securities and Exchange Commission’s Internet site at http://www.sec.gov.Scilex is an innovative revenue-generating company focused on acquiring  developing and commercializing non-opioid pain management products for the treatment of acute and chronic pain. Scilex believes that its innovative non-opioid product portfolio has the potential to provide effective pain management therapies that can have a transformative impact on patients’ lives. Scilex targets indications with high unmet needs and large market opportunities with non-opioid therapies for the treatment of patients with acute and chronic pain and are dedicated to advancing and improving patient outcomes. Scilex launched its first commercial product in October 2018 and is developing its late-stage pipeline  which includes a pivotal Phase 3 candidate  a Phase 2 candidate and a Phase 1 candidate that is expected to enter into Phase 2 studies in the first half of 2023. Scilex’s commercial product  ZTlido (lidocaine topical system) 1.8% (“ ZTlido ”) is a prescription lidocaine topical product approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration  for the relief of neuropathic pain associated with postherpetic neuralgia which is a form of post-shingles nerve pain. ZTlido possesses novel delivery and adhesion technology designed to address many of the limitations of current prescription lidocaine patches by providing significantly improved adhesion and continuous pain relief throughout the 12-hour administration period.On the payment date for the Dividend  each Record Common Holder will receive (and each applicable Record Warrantholder will be entitled to receive following the exercise of such holder’s applicable warrants) 0.1410127 of a share of Scilex Common Stock for each one (1) share of Sorrento Common Stock held (or underlying the applicable warrants) by such Record Holder as of the close of business on the Record Date. In lieu of receiving fractional shares of Dividend Stock otherwise apportioned to the Record Common Holder  each Record Common Holder will receive cash representing the fair market value of such fractional shares. The Dividend Stock will be subject to certain transfer restrictions through May 11  2023  as more fully described below. Payment of the Dividend is conditioned upon the Sorrento Board not revoking the dividend prior to the Payment Date.Immediately after Sorrento completes the Dividend  Sorrento will hold approximately 52.1% of our currently outstanding voting stock.You are urged to consult your tax advisor as to the particular U.S. federal  state  local  and non-U.S. tax consequences to you of receiving the Dividend.If you are a corporate U.S. Holder (as defined below)  you may be eligible for a dividends-received deduction (subject to certain requirements and limitations) with respect to your receipt of the Dividend  but the Dividend may be subject to certain “extraordinary dividend” provisions of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986  as amended (the “ Code ”). Such provisions may result in a reduction in the adjusted basis of your Sorrento Common Stock and  potentially  recognition of gain.If you are a non-corporate U.S. Holder (as defined below)  the Dividend (including cash paid in lieu of fractional shares) to be made to you may be subject to backup withholding at a rate of 24% of the fair market value of such Dividend  unless you provide a correct taxpayer identification number by delivering a properly executed IRS Form W-9 (or successor form).If you are not a U.S. Holder (as defined below)  the Dividend (including cash paid in lieu of fractional shares) to be made to you may be subject to withholding at a rate of 30% of the fair market value of such Dividend  unless you establish an entitlement to a reduced rate of withholding by providing a properly executed IRS Form W-8 BEN  W-8BEN-E  or other applicable IRS Form W-8 (or successor form).As used above  a “ U.S. Holder ” is a beneficial owner of Sorrento Common Stock that for U.S. federal income tax purposes is (a) an individual who is a citizen or resident of the United States; (b) a corporation created or organized under the laws of the United States  any state thereof or the District of Columbia; (c) an estate  the income of which is subject to United States federal income taxation regardless of its source; or (d) a trust  if a court within the United States is able to exercise primary supervision over the administration of the trust and one or more United States persons has the authority to control all substantial decisions of the trust  or  if the trust was in existence on August 20  1996  and it has elected to continue to be treated as a United States person.The Dividend (including cash paid in lieu of fractional shares of Dividend Stock) may be includable in ordinary taxable income to you in the year that includes the Payment Date to the extent of a portion of Sorrento’s current and accumulated earnings and profits. To the extent that the fair market value of the Dividend exceeds Sorrento’s current and accumulated earnings and profits  the Dividend will first be treated as a non-taxable return of basis  and any amounts in excess of such adjusted basis will constitute capital gain.No vote or other action is required by you to receive the Dividend Stock. You will not be required to pay anything to Sorrento or Scilex for the new shares or to surrender any of your shares of Sorrento Common Stock. We are not asking you for a proxy  and you should not send us a proxy or your share certificates.In reviewing this information statement  you should carefully review the reports and other information that we file with the SEC and we specifically refer you to our (i) registration statement on Form S-4 (File No. 333-264941)  including the appendices and exhibits thereto  under the Securities Act  initially filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”) on May 13  2022 (as subsequently amended)  which was declared effective by the SEC on October 28  2022 (the “ Registration Statement ”)  (ii) final prospectus with respect to the Registration Statement  filed with the SEC on October 28  2022 (the “ Prospectus ”)  and (iii) Current Report on Form 8-K  filed with the SEC on November 17  2022 (the “ Super 8-K ” and together with the Registration Statement and the Prospectus  the “ Disclosure Materials ”).You should also carefully review the risks and uncertainties described under the heading “Risk Factors” in the Registration Statement and Prospectus.Neither the Securities and Exchange Commission  nor any state securities commission has approved or disapproved these securities or determined if this information statement is truthful or complete. Any representation to the contrary is a criminal offense.This information statement does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any securities.The date of this information statement and notice pursuant to Section 151(f) and Section 202 of the DGCL is January 10  2022.SUMMARY OF THE DIVIDEND Distributing Company: Sorrento Therapeutics  Inc. Distributed Company: Scilex Holding Company  a majority-controlled  public reporting subsidiary of Sorrento Dividend Stock: Sorrento will distribute an aggregate of 76 000 000 shares of Scilex Common Stock in the Dividend. Dividend Ratio: Each Record Common Holder will receive (and each applicable Record Warrantholder will be entitled to receive following the exercise of such holder’s applicable warrants) 0.1410127 of a share of Scilex Common Stock for each one (1) share of Sorrento Common Stock held (or underlying the applicable warrants) by such Record Holder as of the close of business on the Record Date. Treatment of Fractional Shares: No fractional shares shall be issued in connection with the Dividend and the Record Holders who otherwise would be entitled to receive fractional shares of the Scilex Common Stock shall receive cash (without interest or deduction) in lieu of such fractional shares in an amount equal to the product obtained by multiplying (a) the closing price of Scilex Common Stock on the Nasdaq Capital Market on the Record Date  by (b) the fraction of one share of Scilex Common Stock that such Record Holder would have otherwise been entitled to receive as a Dividend in respect of shares of Sorrento Common Stock held by such Record Holder (after aggregating all such fractional shares otherwise issuable to such Record Holder in connection with the Dividend). Record Date: January 9  2023 Payment Date: January 19  2023 Dividend: On the Payment Date  Sorrento  with the assistance of Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company  Scilex’s transfer agent (“ Continental ”)  will electronically distribute shares of Scilex Common Stock to you via a registered position held at Continental until the expiration of the lock-up period described below. You will not be required to make any payment to Sorrento or Scilex or surrender or exchange your shares of Sorrento Common Stock to receive your shares of Scilex Common Stock on the Payment Date. Market for Scilex Common Stock: Our common stock is listed on the Nasdaq Capital Market under the symbol “SCLX”. Transfer Agent for Scilex: Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company Notice of Transfer Restrictions: Notice is hereby given pursuant to Sections 151(f) and 202 of the Delaware General Corporation Law (“ DGCL ”)  that the shares of Scilex Common Stock you will receive as a Dividend will be issued to you in uncertificated (i.e.  book-entry) form.The Dividend Stock you will receive on the Payment Date will be subject to restrictions on transfer until May 11  2023 and your shares of Dividend Stock will reflect the following restrictive legend:THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE MAY NOT BE TRANSFERRED  PLEDGED  HYPOTHECATED  LOANED  ENCUMBERED OR OTHERWISE DISPOSED OF WITHOUT THE CONSENT OF SCILEX HOLDING COMPANY (THE “COMPANY”) PRIOR TO MAY 11  2023. A TRANSFER OF THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE SHALL BE DEEMED TO INCLUDE  WITHOUT LIMITATION  THE (A) SALE OR ASSIGNMENT OF  OFFER TO SELL  CONTRACT OR AGREEMENT TO SELL  GRANT OF ANY OPTION TO PURCHASE OR OTHERWISE DISPOSE OF OR AGREEMENT TO DISPOSE OF  DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY  OR ESTABLISHMENT OR INCREASE OF A PUT EQUIVALENT POSITION OR LIQUIDATION WITH RESPECT TO OR DECREASE OF A CALL EQUIVALENT POSITION WITHIN THE MEANING OF SECTION 16 OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934  AS AMENDED (THE “EXCHANGE ACT”)  WITH RESPECT TO  ANY SECURITY OF THE COMPANY  (B) ENTRY INTO ANY SWAP OR OTHER ARRANGEMENT THAT TRANSFERS TO ANOTHER  IN WHOLE OR IN PART  ANY OF THE ECONOMIC CONSEQUENCES OF OWNERSHIP OF ANY SECURITY OF THE COMPANY  WHETHER ANY SUCH TRANSACTION IS TO BE SETTLED BY DELIVERY OF SUCH SECURITIES  IN CASH OR OTHERWISE  AND (C) ENGAGEMENT  WHETHER DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY  IN ANY (I) “SHORT SALE” (AS SUCH TERM IS DEFINED IN RULE 200 OF REGULATION SHO OF THE EXCHANGE ACT) OF THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE OR (II) HEDGING TRANSACTION  WHICH ESTABLISHES A NET SHORT POSITION WITH RESPECT TO ANY SECURITIES OF THE COMPANY (INCLUDING THE COMMON STOCK OF THE COMPANY)  WITH RESPECT TO EACH OF CLAUSES (I) AND (II) HEREOF  EITHER FOR THE HOLDER’S OWN PRINCIPAL ACCOUNT OR FOR THE PRINCIPAL ACCOUNT OF ANY OTHER PERSON.In addition  please be advised that the Company will furnish without charge to each stockholder of the Company who so requests the powers  designations  preferences and relative  participating  optional or other special rights of each class of stock  or series thereof  of the Company and the qualifications  limitations or restrictions of such preferences and/or rights  which are fixed by the Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Company  as amended from time to time. Any such request should be directed to the Secretary of the Company.U.S. Federal Income Tax Consequences: The Dividend (including cash paid in lieu of fractional shares of Dividend Stock) may be includable in ordinary taxable income to you in the year that includes the Payment Date to the extent of a portion of Sorrento’s current and accumulated earnings and profits. To the extent that the fair market value of the Dividend exceeds Sorrento’s current and accumulated earnings and profits  the Dividend will first be treated as a non-taxable return of basis  and any amounts in excess of such adjusted basis will constitute capital gain.If you are a corporate U.S. Holder  you may be eligible for a dividends-received deduction (subject to certain requirements and limitations) with respect to your receipt of the Dividend  but the Dividend may be subject to certain “extraordinary dividend” provisions of the Code. Such provisions may result in a reduction of the adjusted basis of your Sorrento Common Stock and  potentially  recognition of gain.If you are not a U.S. Holder  the Dividend to be made to you may be subject to withholding at a rate of 30% of the fair market value of such Dividend  unless you establish an entitlement to a reduced rate of withholding by providing a properly executed IRS Form W-8 BEN  W-8BEN-E  or other applicable IRS Form W-8 (or successor form).This discussion does not address all aspects of U.S. federal income taxes. Furthermore  the discussion above is based upon the provisions of the Code  and Treasury regulations  rulings  and judicial decisions thereunder as of the date hereof  and such authorities may be repealed  revoked  or modified  possibly retroactively  and are subject to differing interpretations which could result in U.S. federal income tax consequences different from those discussed above. You are urged to consult your tax advisor as to the particular U.S. federal  state  local  and non-U.S. tax consequences to you of receiving the Dividend. Corporate Information: We were incorporated under the name “Vickers Vantage Corp. I” on February 21  2020 as a Cayman Islands exempted company for the purpose of effecting a merger  share exchange  asset acquisition  share purchase  reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses or entities. On November 9  2022  we changed our jurisdiction of incorporation by deregistering as a Cayman Islands exempted company and continuing and domesticating as a corporation incorporated under the laws of the State of Delaware. On November 9  2022  we changed our name to “Scilex Holding Company”.Our principal executive offices are located at 960 San Antonio Road  Palo Alto  California 94303  and our telephone number is (650) 516-4310. Our website address is www.scilexholding.com. Any information contained on  or that can be accessed through  our website is not incorporated by reference into  nor is it in any way part of this information statement and notice and should not be relied upon in connection with making any decision with respect to an investment in our securities. We are required to file annual  quarterly and current reports  proxy statements and other information with the SEC. You may obtain any of the documents filed by us with the SEC at no cost from the SEC’s website at http://www.sec.gov. Risk Factors: Owning shares of Scilex Common Stock involves a high degree of risk. You should carefully read the risk factors  as well as the other information set forth in the Disclosure Materials (as defined below)  including matters addressed in the section titled “Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements” (set forth in the Disclosure Materials).WHERE YOU CAN FIND MORE INFORMATION In connection with the completion of our previously announced business combination with Vickers Vantage Corp. I on November 10  2022 (the “ Business Combination ”)  we have filed (i) a registration statement on Form S-4 (File No. 333-264941)  including exhibits  under the Securities Act  initially filed with the SEC on May 13  2022 (as subsequently amended) and which was declared effective by the SEC on October 28  2022 (the “ Registration Statement ”)  (ii) a final prospectus with respect to the Registration Statement  filed with the SEC on October 28  2022 (the “ Prospectus ”)  and (iii) a Current Report on Form 8-K  filed with the SEC on November 17  2022 (the “ Super 8-K ” and together with the Registration Statement and the Prospectus  the “ Disclosure Materials ”).The Disclosure Materials contain detailed information regarding  among other things  our business  management  executive and director compensation  financial condition (including pro forma information related to the Business Combination  historical financial statements and our management’s discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations)  a description of our securities and certain relationships and related party transactions.If you would like to request a copy of any of the Disclosure Materials  you may do so by contacting Angela Lamb at our transfer agent (Pacific Stock Transfer Company) by email at cs@pacificstocktransfer.com or by phone at 702-361-3033 and such materials will be provided to you free of charge.In addition  because we are a reporting company we also file periodic reports and other information with the SEC. The SEC maintains an Internet site that contains such reports and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC  including Scilex Holding Company. The SEC’s Internet site can be found at http://www.sec.gov. You can read copies of such documents  along with copies of reports  proxy statements and other information filed by us with the SEC at the SEC’s website at http://www.sec.gov.We also maintain a website at www.scilexholding.com. Through our website  we make available  free of charge  annual  quarterly and current reports  proxy statements and other information as soon as reasonably practicable after they are electronically filed with  or furnished to  the SEC. The information contained on  or that may be accessed through  our website is not part of  and is not incorporated into  this information statement and notice and the inclusion of our website address in this information statement and notice is an inactive textual reference only.Annex BBroker ListBroker Name Broker Address Broker Name Broker Address ABN AMRO CLEARING CHICAGO LLC 175 WEST JACKSON BLVD.CHICAGOIL ILLINOIS60604 US Albert Fried & Company LLC 45 BROADWAY  24TH FLOOR24TH FLOORNEW YORKNY NEW YORK10006 US AMALGAMATED BANK 275 7TH AVENUENEW YORKNY NEW YORK10003 US AMERICAN ENTERPRISE INVESTMENT SERVICES INC. 682 AMERIPRISE FINANCIAL CENTERMINNEAPOLISMN MINNESOTA55474 US APEX CLEARING CORPORATION 2 GATEWAY CENTER 283-299 MARKET ST16TH FLOORNEWARKNJ NEW JERSEY07102-5005 US BANK OF AMERICA  NA/GWIM TRUST OPERATIONS 901 MAIN STREET12TH FLOORDALLASTX TEXAS23113 US BANK OF NEW YORK MELLON 111 SANDERS CREEK PARKWAY 2ND FLOOR2ND FLOOREAST SYRACUSENY NEW YORK13057 US. BARCLAYS CAPITAL INC. DTC CUSTODY PARTICIPANT- NY WINDOW -570 WASHINGTON BLVD (ATTN: ROSA HICKS-MILLER OR ROBERT MENDEZJERSEY CITYNJ NEW JERSEY07310 US BARCLAYS CAPITAL INC. DTC CUSTODY PARTICIPANT- NY WINDOW -570 WASHINGTON BLVD (ATTN: ROSA HICKS-MILLER OR ROBERT MENDEZJERSEY CITYNJ NEW JERSEY07310 US BMO CAPITAL MARKETS CORP. 3 2ND STREET12TH FLOORJERSEY CITYNJ NEW JERSEY07302 US BMO HARRIS BANK NA/TRUST 11270 W PARK PLMILWAUKEEWI WISCONSIN53224 US BMO Nesbitt Burns Inc.  Toronto 250 YONGE STREET  7TH FLOOR7TH FLOORTORONTOON ONTARIOM5B 2M8 CA CANADA BNP PARIBAS  NEW YORK BRANCH/BNP PARIBAS PRIME BROKERAGE CUSTODIAN 100 WEST 33RD STREET3RD FLOORNEW YORKNY NEW YORK10001 BNP PARIBAS  NEW YORK BRANCH/BNP PARIBAS PRIME BROKERAGE CUSTODIAN 100 WEST 33RD STREET3RD FLOORNEW YORKNY NEW YORK10001 BNY MELLON PO BOX 392002500 ROSS STREETPITTSBURGHPA PENNSYLVANIA15262 US BNY MELLON/WEALTH MANAGEMENT 1 FREEDOM VALLEY DRIVEOAKSPA PENNSYLVANIA19456 US BNYMELLON 111 SANDERS CREEK PARKWAY 2ND FLOOR2ND FLOOREAST SYRACUSENY NEW YORK13057 US BNYMELLON/RE BARCLAYS CAPITAL SECURITIES LTD. ONE WALL STREETNEW YORKNY NEW YORK10286 BNYMELLON/RE CACEIS BANK LUXEMBOURG 500 Grant St.BNY Mellon CenterPITTSBURGHPA PENNSYLVANIA15258 BNYMELLON/RE CACEIS BANK  NETHERLANDS 111 SANDERS CREEK PARKWAYEAST SYRACUSENY NEW YORK13057 BNYMELLON/RE CHARLES STANLEY AND COMPANY  LIMITED 111 SANDERS CREEK PARKWAY 2ND FLOOR2ND FLOOREAST SYRACUSENY NEW YORK13057 US BNYMELLON/RE ETF - ISHARES DTC/NSCC 111 SANDERS CREEK PARKWAYEAST SYRACUSENY NEW YORK13057 BNYMELLON/RE WINTERFLOOD SECURITIES LTD 500 Grant St.BNY Mellon CenterPITTSBURGHPA PENNSYLVANIA15258 BOFA 4804 Deer Lake Drive EastFL9-803-04-04- 4th floorJACKSONVILLEFL FLORIDA32246 US BOFA 4804 Deer Lake Drive EastFL9-803-04-04- 4th floorJACKSONVILLEFL FLORIDA32246 US BOFA SECURITIES INC 4804 Deer Lake Drive EastFL9-803-04-04- 4th floorJACKSONVILLEFL FLORIDA32246 US BROWN BROTHERS HARRIMAN & CO. 140 BROADWAYATTN: CORPORATE ACTIONS VAULTNEW YORKNY NEW YORK10005 US BROWN BROTHERS HARRIMAN & CO./ETF 140 BROADWAYNEW YORKNY NEW YORK10005 CALDWELL SECURITIES LTD./CDS** 55 UNIVERSITY AVENUESUITE 340TORONTOON ONTARIOM5J 2H7 CANADA CANACCORD GENUITY CORP. 609 GRANVILLE STVANCOUVERBC BRITISH COLUMBIAV7Y 1H2 CA CANADA CANTOR  FITZGERALD & CO. 135 E 57TH ST 5TH FLNEW YORKNY NEW YORK10041 US CDS CLEARING AND DEPOSITORY SERVICES INC. 100 ADELAIDE STREET WESTTORONTOON ONTARIOM5H 1S3 CA CANADA CETERA INVESTMENT SERVICES LLC 400 FIRST STREET SOUTH  SUITE 300SUITE 300ST. CLOUDMN MINNESOTA56302-0283 US CHARLES SCHWAB & CO.  INC. 211 MAIN STREETSAN FRANCISCOCA CALIFORNIA94105 US CI INVESTMENT SERVICES INC. 199 BAY STREETSUITE 2600TORONTOON ONTARIOM5L 1E2 CA CANADA CIBC WORLD MARKETS INC./CDS** 161 BAY STREET 10 FLTORONTOON ONTARIOM5J 2S8 CA CANADA CITIBANK  N.A./ETF 3800 CITIGROUP CENTERB2/2TAMPAFL FLORIDA33610 CITIBANK  NATIONAL ASSOCIATION 3800 CITIBANK CENTER TAMPABLDG.B FIRST FLOOR ZONE 8TAMPAFL FLORIDA33610-9122 US CITIGROUP GLOBAL MARKETS  INC. 580 CROSSPOINT PARKWAYGETZVILLENY NEW YORK14068 US CLEAR STREET LLC 4 World Trade Center  45th Floor150 Greenwich StreetNEW YORKNY NEW YORK10007 CLEARSTREET IO 55 BROADWAY (SUITE 2102)CORPORATE ACTIONSNEW YORKNEW YORK10006 US COMMERCE BANK 922 WALNUT STREETMAIL STOP TBTS-2KANSAS CITYMO MISSOURI64106 US COR CLEARING LLC 9300 UNDERWOOD AVESUITE 400OMAHANE NEBRASKA68114 US Credential Securities Inc. 800-1111 WEST GEORGIA STREETVANCOUVERBC BRITISH COLUMBIAV6E 4T6 CA CANADA CREST INTERNATIONAL NOMINEES LIMITED 33 CANNON STREETLONDONEC4M 5SB GB UNITED KINGDO CURVATURE SECURITIES  LLC 39 MAIN STREETCHATHAMNJ NEW JERSEY07928 US D.A. DAVIDSON & CO. 8 3RD STREET NORTHGREAT FALLSMT MONTANA59401 US DEPOSITO CENTRAL DE VALORES S.A.  DEPOSITO DE VALORES AVENIDA APOQUINDO # 4001FLOOR 12  C.P.7550162  SANTIAGOCL CHILE DESJARDINS SECURITIES INC. 1253 McGill College10TH FLOORMONTREALQUEBECH3B 2Y5 CA CANADA DEUTSCHE BANK AG NY/US CUSTODY 1251 Avenue Of The AmericasNEW YORKNY NEW YORK10020 DEUTSCHE BANK SECURITIES INC. 60 WALL STREET9TH FLOORNEW YORKNY NEW YORK10005 US DRIVEWEALTH  LLC 15 EXCHANGE PLACE10TH FLOORJERSEY CITYNEW JERSEY07302 E*TRADE CLEARING LLC HARBORSIDE FINANCIAL CENTER501 PLAZA 11JERSEY CITYNJ NEW JERSEY07311 US EDWARD D. JONES & CO.  L.P. 12555 MANCHESTER ROADST. LOUISMO MISSOURI63131-3729 US EDWARD D. JONES & CO.  L.P. 201 PROGRESS PARKWAYMARYLAND HEIGHTSMO MISSOURI63043 US FIDELITY CLEARING CANADA ULC/CDS** 483 BAY ST.SOUTH TOWERTORONTOON ONTARIOM5G2N7 CA CANADA FIFTH THIRD BANK 5001 KINGSLEY DRIVEMAIL DROP 1MOB28CINCINNATIOH OHIO45227 US FOLIO INVESTMENTS  INC. 8180 GREENSBORO DRIVE8TH FLOORMCLEANVA VIRGINIA22102 US FUTU CLEARING INC. 12750 Merit DriveSUITE 475DALLASTX TEXAS75251 GMP SECURITIES L.P. 145 KING STREET WEST  SUITE 30011TH FLOORTORONTOON ONTARIOMJ5 1J8 CA CANADA GOLDMAN  SACHS & CO. LLC 222 SOUTH MAIN STREETAttn: Mandatory Corporate ActionsSALT LAKE CITYUT UTAH84101 US HAYWOOD SECURITIES INC./CDS** 200 BURRARD STWATERFRONT CENTRE SUITE 700VANCOUVERBC BRITISH COLUMBIAV6C 3L6 CANADA HILLTOP SECURITIES INC. 1201 ELM ST.35TH FLOORDALLASTX TEXAS75270 US HRT FINANCIAL LLC 150 GREENWICH STREET (ATTN: SETTLEMENT) FOUR WORLD TRADE CENTER57TH FLOORNEW YORKNY NEW YORK10007 US HSBC BANK USA  NA/HSBC CUSTODY & CLEARING SERVICES FOR STOCK LOAN 452 FIFTH AVENUEATTN: HBUS CCS SETTSNEW YORKNY NEW YORK10018 US HSBC BANK USA  NATIONAL ASSOCIATION 452 FIFTH AVENUEATTN: HBUS CCS SETTSNEW YORKNEW YORK10018 US INTERACTIVE BROKERS LLC 2 PICKWICK PLAZA2ND FLOORGREENWICHCT CONNECTICUT06830 US J.P. MORGAN CHASE BANK NA/FBO BLACKROCK CTF 1111 POLARIS PARKWAYCOLUMBUSOH OHIO43240 J.P. MORGAN CLEARING CORP. FOUR CHASE METROTECH CENTER3RD FLOORBROOKLYNNY NEW YORK11201 US JANNEY MONTGOMERY SCOTT LLC 1717 ARCH STREET17TH FLOORPHILADELPHIAPA PENNSYLVANIA19103 US JEFFERIES LLC 101 HUDSON STREET  11th FloorNEW JERSEYNJ NEW JERSEY07302 US JPMORGAN CHASE BANK  NATIONAL ASSOCIATION FOUR CHASE METROTECH CENTER3RD FLOORBROOKLYNNY NEW YORK11201 US JPMORGAN CHASE BANK/EUROCLEAR BANK FOUR CHASE METROTECH CENTER3RD FLOORBROOKLYNNY NEW YORK11245 US JPMORGAN CHASE BANK/IA FOUR CHASE METROTECH CENTER3RD FLOORBROOKLYNNY NEW YORK11201 US KEYBANK NATIONAL ASSOCIATION 4900 TIEDEMAN RDBROOKLYNOH OHIO44144 US LAURENTIAN BANK SECURITIES INC. 1981 MCGILL COLLEGE AVE.SUITE 100MONTREALQUEBECH3A 3K3 CA CANADA LPL FINANCIAL LLC 4707 EXECUTIVE DRIVESAN DIEGOCA CALIFORNIA92121 US MANUFACTURERS AND TRADERS TRUST COMPANY ONE M&T PLAZATRUST OPS 8TH FLOORBUFFALONY NEW YORK14203 US MANULIFE SECURITIES INCORPORATED 1235 NORTH SERVICE ROAD WESTOAKVILLEON ONTARIOL6M 2W2 CA CANADA MARSCO INVESTMENT CORPORATION 101 EISENHOWER PARKWAYROSELANDNJ NEW JERSEY07068 US MERRILL LYNCH  PIERCE  FENNER & SMITH INCORPORATED 4804 Deer Lake Drive EastFL9-803-04-04- 4th floorJACKSONVILLEFL FLORIDA32246 US MIRAE ASSET SECURITIES (USA) INC./STOCK LOAN CONDUIT ACCOUNT 810 SEVENTH AVE37TH FLOORNEW YORKNY NEW YORK10019 MIRAE ASSET SECURITIES (USA)  INC. 810 SEVENTH AVE37TH FLOORNEW YORKNY NEW YORK10019 MITSUBISHI UFJ TRUST & BANKING CORPORATION  NEW YORK BRANCH 280 PARK AVE39TH FL-WEST BLDGNEW YORKNY NEW YORK10017 Morgan Stanley 1300 THAMES STREETTHAMES STREET WHARFBALTIMOREMD MARYLAND21231 US MORGAN STANLEY & CO. LLC 1300 THAMES ST.BALTIMOREMD MARYLAND MORGAN STANLEY SMITH BARNEY LLC 1 NEW YORK PLAZA39TH FLOORNEW YORKNY NEW YORK10004 US MURIEL SIEBERT & CO.  INC. 77 SUMMER STREET3RD FLOORBOSTONMA MASSACHUSETTS02210 US NATIONAL FINANCIAL SERVICES LLC 499 WASHINGTON BOULEVARD5TH FLOORJERSEY CITYNJ NEW JERSEY07310 US NBCN INC. 1010 rue De La GauchetièreMezzanine 100MONTREALQUEBECH3B 5J2 CA CANADA NOMURA INTERNATIONAL TRUST COMPANY 309 WEST 49TH STREET10TH FLOORNEW YORKNY NEW YORK10019 US ODLUM BROWN LIMITED 250 HOWE STREETSUITE 1100VANCOUVERBC BRITISH COLUMBIAV6C 3R8 CA CANADA OPPENHEIMER & CO. INC. 85 BROAD STREETNEW YORKNY NEW YORK10004 US PERSHING LLC 1 PERSHING PLAZAJERSEY CITYNJ NEW JERSEY07399 US PHILLIP CAPITAL INC. 141 W. JACKSON BLVD. SUITE 3050CHICAGOIL ILLINOIS60604 US PI FINANCIAL CORP. 666 BURRARD STSUITE 1900VANCOUVERBC BRITISH COLUMBIAV6C 3N1 CA CANADA PNC BANK  NATIONAL ASSOCIATION 4100 W 150TH STREETASSET MOVEMENT TEAM 3RD FL  LOCATOR B7-YB17-03-03CLEVELANDOH OHIO44135 US PRINCIPAL BANK 711 HIGH STREETDES MOINESIA IOWA50392 QUESTRADE INC./CDS** 5650 YONGE ST. Suite 1700TORONTOON ONTARIOM2M 4G3 CA CANADA Raymond James & Associates  Inc. 880 CARILLON PKWYST. PETERSBURGFL FLORIDA33733-2749 US RAYMOND JAMES LTD. 925 WEST GEORGIA STREETSUITE 2200VANCOUVERBC BRITISH COLUMBIAV6C 3L2 CA CANADA RBC CAPITAL MARKETS  LLC 60 SOUTH 6TH ST.MINNEAPOLISMN MINNESOTA55402 US RBC DOMINION SECURITIES INC 21 COMMERCE COURT SOUTH2ND FLOORTORONTOON ONTARIOM5L 1A7 CANADA RELIANCE TRUST COMPANY 1100 ABERNATHY RD.500 NORTHPARK SUITE 400ATLANTAGA GEORGIA30113 US RELIANCE TRUST COMPANY 4900 W. BROWN DEER RDMILWAUKEEWI WISCONSIN53223 US ROBERT W. BAIRD & CO. INCORPORATED 777 E WISCONSIN AVE9TH FLOORMILWAUKEEWI WISCONSIN53202 US ROBINHOOD SECURITIES  LLC 500 COLONIAL CENTER PARKWAYSUITE 100LAKE MARYFL FLORIDA32746 US SAFRA SECURITIES LLC 546 5TH AVENUENEW YORKNY NEW YORK10036 US SCOTIA CAPITAL (USA) INC. 150 KING STREET W5TH FLOORTORONTOON ONTARIOM5H 1J9 CA CANADA SEI PRIVATE TRUST COMPANY 1 FREEDOM VALLEY DRIVEOAKSPA PENNSYLVANIA19456 US SEI PRIVATE TRUST COMPANY 1 FREEDOM VALLEY DRIVEOAKSPA PENNSYLVANIA19456 US SG AMERICAS SECURITIES  LLC 480 WASHINGTON BLVD.20TH FLOORJERSEY CITYNJ NEW JERSEY07310 US SSB - BLACKROCK INSTITUTIONAL TRUST 50 California StreetSan FranciscoCA CALIFORNIA94163 SSB - TRUST CUSTODY 30 ADELAIDE ST EASTSUITE 800TORONTOON ONTARIOM5C 3G6 CA CANADA SSB&T CO/CLIENT CUSTODY SERVICES 1776 HERITAGE DRIVENORTH QUINCYMA MASSACHUSETTS02171 STATE STREET BANK & TRUST CO 16 WALL STREET5TH FLOORNEW YORKNY NEW YORK10005 US STATE STREET BANK & TRUST COMPANY / ISHARES EUROPE 1776 HERITAGE DRIVENORTH QUINCYMA MASSACHUSETTS02171 STATE STREET BANK & TRUST/STATE STREET TOTALETF 1776 Heritage DriveNORTH QUINCYMA MASSACHUSETTS02717 STATE STREET BANK AND TRUST COMPANY 30 ADELAIDE ST EASTSUITE 800TORONTOON ONTARIOM5C 3G6 CA CANADA STIFEL  NICOLAUS & COMPANY  INCORPORATED 501 N BROADWAYST. LOUISMO MISSOURI63102 US STONEX FINANCIAL INC. 2 PERIMETER PARK SOUTHSUITE 100 WBIRMINGHAMAL ALABAMA35243 US TD AMERITRADE CLEARING  INC. 200 S 108TH AVEOMAHANE NEBRASKA68154 US TD WATERHOUSE CANADA INCATTN: MANDATORY CORPORATE ACTIONS 77 BLOOR STREET WEST3RD FLOORTORONTOON ONTARIOM5S 1M2 CA CANADA TEXAS TREASURY SAFEKEEPING TRUST COMPANY 208 E 10TH STAUSTINTX TEXAS78701 US THE BANK OF NEW YORK MELLON 500 GRANT STREET27TH FLOORPITTSBURGHPA PENNSYLVANIA15258 US THE HUNTINGTON NATIONAL BANK 7 EASTON OVAL EA4E62COLUMBUSOH OHIO43209 US THE NORTHERN TRUST COMPANY 333 South Wabash Ave  32nd FloorAttn: Trade Securities ProcessingCHICAGOIL ILLINOIS60603 US TRADESTATION SECURITIES  INC. 120 RIVERSIDE PLAZASUITE 1650CHICAGOIL ILLINOIS60606 US U.S. BANCORP INVESTMENTS  INC. 60 LIVINGSTON AVEEP-MN-WN1BST. PAULMN MINNESOTA55107-1419 US U.S. BANK N.A./ETF 1555 N RIVER CENTER DRIVEMILWAUKEEWI WISCONSIN53212 U.S. BANK NATIONAL ASSOCIATION 1555 NORTH RIVERCENTER DRIVE  SUITE 302SUITE 302MILWAUKEEWI WISCONSIN53212 US UBS AG 480 WASHINGTON BLVD.12TH FLOORJERSEY CITYNJ NEW JERSEY07310 US UBS FINANCIAL SERVICES INC. 1000 HARBOR BOULEVARDWEEHAWKENNJ NEW JERSEY07086 US UBS SECURITIES LLC 677 WASHINGTON BLVDSTAMFORDCT CONNECTICUT06901 US UMB BANK  NATIONAL ASSOCIATION 928 GRAND BLVDKANSAS CITYMO MISSOURI64106 US VANGUARD MARKETING CORPORATION 100 VANGUARD BLVDMALVERNPA PENNSYLVANIA19355 US VELOCITY CLEARING  LLC 1301 Route 36Suite 109 (Attn: Chris Felicetti)HAZLETNEW JERSEY7730 US VELOX CLEARING LLC 2400 E. KATELLA AVENUESUITE 725AANAHEIMCA CALIFORNIA92806 US VIRTU AMERICAS LLC ONE LIBERTY PLAZA  165 BROADWAY5TH FLOORNEW YORKNY NEW YORK10006 US VISION FINANCIAL MARKETS LLC 4 HIGH RIDGE PARKSUITE 100STAMFORDCT CONNECTICUT06905 US WEDBUSH SECURITIES INC 1000 WILSHIRE BLVD8TH FLOORLOS ANGELESCA CALIFORNIA90017 US WEDBUSH SECURITIES INC. 1000 WILSHIRE BLVD.LOS ANGELESCA CALIFORNIA90017 US WELLS FARGO BANK  N.A./SIG 733 MARQUETTE AVE 4TH FLOORMAC N9306-04DMINNEAPOLISMN MINNESOTA55402 US WELLS FARGO CLEARING SERVICES LLC 1 NORTH JEFFERSONMAIL CODE: H0006-094ST. LOUISMO MISSOURI63103 US WELLS FARGO SECURITIES  LLC 1525 WEST W T HARRIS BLVDCHARLOTTENC NORTH CAROLINA28262 US WILSON-DAVIS & CO.  INC. 236 SOUTH MAIN STREETSALT LAKE CITYUT UTAH84101 USAbout Scilex Holding CompanyScilex Holding Company  a majority-owned subsidiary of Sorrento Therapeutics  Inc.  is an innovative revenue-generating company focused on acquiring  developing and commercializing non-opioid pain management products for the treatment of acute and chronic pain. Scilex is uncompromising in its focus to become the global pain management leader committed to social  environmental  economic  and ethical principles to responsibly develop pharmaceutical products to maximize quality of life. Results from the Phase III Pivotal Trial C.L.E.A.R Program for SEMDEXATM  its novel  non-opioid product for the treatment of lumbosacral radicular pain (sciatica)  were announced in March 2022. Scilex targets indications with high unmet needs and large market opportunities with non-opioid therapies for the treatment of patients with moderate to severe pain. Scilex launched its first commercial product in October 2018  in-licensed a commercial product in June 2022  and is developing its late-stage pipeline  which includes a pivotal Phase 3 candidate and one Phase 2 and one Phase 1 candidate. Its commercial product  ZTlido® (lidocaine topical system) 1.8%  or ZTlido®  is a prescription lidocaine topical product approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration for the relief of pain associated with postherpetic neuralgia  which is a form of post-shingles nerve pain. Scilex in-licensed the exclusive right to commercialize Gloperba® (colchicine USP) oral solution  an FDA-approved prophylactic treatment for painful gout flares in adults  in the U.S. Scilex is planning to commercialize Gloperba® in 2023 and is well-positioned to market and distribute the product. Scilex’s three product candidates are SP-102 (injectable dexamethasone sodium phosphate viscous gel product containing 10 mg dexamethasone)  or SEMDEXA™  a Phase 3  novel  viscous gel formulation of a widely used corticosteroid for epidural injections to treat lumbosacral radicular pain  or sciatica  with FDA Fast Track status; SP-103 (lidocaine topical system) 5.4%  a Phase 2  triple-strength formulation of ZTlido®  for the treatment of low back pain  with FDA Fast Track status; and SP-104  4.5 mg Delayed Burst Release Low Dose Naltrexone Hydrochloride (DBR-LDN) Capsule  for the treatment of chronic pain  fibromyalgia in multiple Phase 1 programs expected to be initiated this year. For further information regarding the SP-102 Phase 3 efficacy trial  see NCT identifier NCT03372161 – Corticosteroid Lumbar Epidural Analgesia for Radiculopathy – Full Text View – ClinicalTrials.gov.Scilex Holding Company is headquartered in Palo Alto  California  with operations in both Palo Alto and San Diego  California. For further information please visit www.scilexholding.com.About Sorrento Therapeutics  Inc.Sorrento is a clinical and commercial stage biopharmaceutical company developing new therapies to treat cancer  pain (non-opioid treatments)  autoimmune disease and COVID-19. Sorrento's multimodal  multipronged approach to fighting cancer is made possible by its extensive immuno-oncology platforms  including key assets such as Abivertinib  next-generation tyrosine kinase inhibitors (“TKIs”)  fully human antibodies (“G-MAB™ library”)  immuno-cellular therapies (“DAR-T™”)  antibody-drug conjugates (“ADCs”)  and oncolytic virus (“Seprehvec™”). Sorrento is also developing potential antiviral therapies and vaccines against coronaviruses  including STI-1558  COVI-MSC™; and diagnostic test solutions  including COVIMARK™.Sorrento's commitment to life-enhancing therapies for patients is also demonstrated by our effort to advance a TRPV1 agonist  non-opioid pain management small molecule  resiniferatoxin (“RTX”)  and SP-102 (10 mg  dexamethasone sodium phosphate viscous gel) (SEMDEXA™)  a novel  viscous gel formulation of a widely used corticosteroid for epidural injections to treat lumbosacral radicular pain  or sciatica  and to commercialize ZTlido® (lidocaine topical system) 1.8% for the treatment of postherpetic neuralgia (PHN). RTX has been cleared for a Phase II trial for intractable pain associated with cancer and a Phase II trial in osteoarthritis patients. Positive final results from the Phase III Pivotal Trial C.L.E.A.R. Program for SEMDEXA™  its novel  non-opioid product for the treatment of lumbosacral radicular pain (sciatica)  were announced in March 2022. ZTlido® was approved by the FDA on February 28  2018.For more information visit www.sorrentotherapeutics.com.Contacts:For Scilex Holding CompanyJaisim ShahChief Executive OfficerScilex Holding Company960 San Antonio RoadPalo Alto  CA 94303Office: (650) 516-4310Email: jshah@scilexpharma.comWebsite: www.sorrentotherapeutics.com and www.scilexholding.comInvestors and Media Contact:Elizabeth CzerepakEmail: mediarelations@sorrentotherapeutics.comWebsite: www.sorrentotherapeutics.comSorrento® and the Sorrento logo are registered trademarks of Sorrento Therapeutics  Inc.G-MAB™  DAR-T™  Seprehvec™  SOFUSA™  COVI-MSC™  COVIMARK™  Ovydso™ and FujoveeTM are trademarks of Sorrento Therapeutics  Inc.SEMDEXA™ (SP-102) is a trademark owned by Semnur Pharmaceuticals  Inc.  a wholly-owned subsidiary of Scilex Holding Company. A proprietary name review by the FDA is planned.ZTlido® is a registered trademark owned by Scilex Pharmaceuticals Inc.  a wholly-owned subsidiary of Scilex Holding Company.Gloperba® is an exclusive  transferable license to use the trademark by Scilex Holding Company.All other trademarks are the property of their respective owners.© 2023 Sorrento Therapeutics  Inc. All Rights Reserved.,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.47,0.34,0.18,True,English,"['Scilex Holding Company Common Stock', 'Majority Stockholder', 'Sorrento', 'Therapeutics', 'FAQ', 'Dividend', 'SCILEX HOLDING COMPANY COMMON STOCK', 'Pacific Stock Transfer Company', 'pro rata basis', 'Scilex common stock', 'Sorrento common stock', 'Record Warrant Holders', 'Record Common Holders', 'other similar organization', 'record holders', 'Other Agent', 'transfer agent', 'stock dividend', 'Dividend Stock', 'record date', 'Sorrento Therapeutics', 'Sorrento stockholders', 'PALO ALTO', 'GLOBE NEWSWIRE', 'Investors” section', 'short positions', 'related annexes', 'press release', 'ownership percentage', 'full exercise', 'closing price', 'Beneficial Owner', 'brokerage firm', 'payment date', 'respective warrants', 'outstanding warrants', 'applicable warrants', 'one share', 'recent dividend', 'The Dividend', 'Lieu Payment', 'CUSIP information', 'fractional shares', 'majority stockholder', 'ASKED QUESTIONS', 'street name', 'Dividend Ratio', '76,000,000 shares', 'Calif.', 'Jan.', 'Nasdaq', 'SCLX', 'Inc.', 'SRNE', 'document', 'website', 'FAQs', 'details', 'distribution', 'restrictions', 'issues', 'connection', 'December', 'board', 'directors', 'aggregate', 'close', 'business', 'right', 'terms', 'accordance', 'records', 'cash', 'interest', 'deduction', 'amount', 'product', 'January', 'PST', 'Bank', 'account', 'dealer', 'purposes', 'portion']",2023-01-30,2023-01-30,globenewswire.com
17356,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,Hello We offer Swift MT760 BG/SBLC  FC MTN  BCL  DTC  KTT  EUROCLEAR  Bank Draft  Letter of Credit (LC)  MT103 Et… https://t.co/bC7kYnn9CV,nan,Hello We offer Swift MT760 BG/SBLC  FC MTN  BCL  DTC  KTT  EUROCLEAR  Bank Draft  Letter of Credit (LC)  MT103 Et… https://t.co/bC7kYnn9CV,neutral,0.06,0.93,0.01,neutral,0.06,0.93,0.01,True,English,"['Swift MT760 BG/SBLC', 'FC MTN', 'Bank Draft', 'BCL', 'DTC', 'KTT', 'EUROCLEAR', 'Letter', 'Credit', 'MT103', 'Swift MT760 BG/SBLC', 'FC MTN', 'Bank Draft', 'BCL', 'DTC', 'KTT', 'EUROCLEAR', 'Letter', 'Credit', 'MT103']",2023-01-30,2023-01-30,Unknown
17357,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,Dubai Investments buys 9% stake in UK challenger Monument Bank #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/X2FA004Mwu #regtech,nan,Dubai Investments buys 9% stake in UK challenger Monument Bank #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/X2FA004Mwu #regtech,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,True,English,"['UK challenger Monument Bank', 'AAA Websites Euroclear', 'Dubai Investments', '9% stake', 'co', 'regtech', 'UK challenger Monument Bank', 'AAA Websites Euroclear', 'Dubai Investments', '9% stake', 'co', 'regtech']",2023-01-30,2023-01-30,Unknown
17358,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,Cartoon: Rebrand #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/ha2yEhlS1L #regtech,nan,Cartoon: Rebrand #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/ha2yEhlS1L #regtech,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['AAA Websites', 'Cartoon', 'Rebrand', 'ha2yEhlS1L', 'AAA Websites', 'Cartoon', 'Rebrand', 'ha2yEhlS1L']",2023-01-30,2023-01-30,Unknown
17359,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,CFPB lawsuit seen as warning shot to subprime auto lenders #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/wXWCIbBffd #regtech,nan,CFPB lawsuit seen as warning shot to subprime auto lenders #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/wXWCIbBffd #regtech,neutral,0.03,0.81,0.16,neutral,0.03,0.81,0.16,True,English,"['CFPB lawsuit', 'warning shot', 'auto lenders', 'regtech', 'CFPB lawsuit', 'warning shot', 'auto lenders', 'regtech']",2023-01-30,2023-01-30,Unknown
17360,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,Why 2023 is time for us to tackle financial crime properly #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/FWwDwqWTap #regtech,nan,Why 2023 is time for us to tackle financial crime properly #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/FWwDwqWTap #regtech,negative,0.01,0.15,0.85,negative,0.01,0.15,0.85,True,English,"['financial crime', 'time', 'FWwDwqWTap', 'financial crime', 'time', 'FWwDwqWTap']",2023-01-30,2023-01-30,Unknown
17361,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,@AnnPettifor @FT ..On 01.02.2022 penalties for settlement fails were imposed for the first time. Euroclear alone in… https://t.co/WnBsG1tFat,nan,@AnnPettifor @FT ..On 01.02.2022 penalties for settlement fails were imposed for the first time. Euroclear alone in… https://t.co/WnBsG1tFat,negative,0.0,0.0,1.0,negative,0.0,0.0,1.0,True,English,"['settlement fails', 'first time', 'AnnPettifor', 'FT', '01.02.2022 penalties', 'Euroclear', 'WnBsG1tFat', 'settlement fails', 'first time', 'AnnPettifor', 'FT', '01.02.2022 penalties', 'Euroclear', 'WnBsG1tFat']",2023-01-29,2023-01-30,Unknown
17362,Clearstream,Bing API,https://www.assetservicingtimes.com/assetservicesnews/peoplemovesarticle.php?article_id=13947&navigationaction=home&page=1&newssection=People%20Moves,Melanie Moos leaves Clearstream,Melanie Moos has left Clearstream  where she has been senior vice president for product management and investment funds for the past three years,Melanie Moos leaves ClearstreamMelanie Moos has left Clearstream  where she has been senior vice president for product management and investment funds for the past three years.Moos joined Clearstream in 2015 as vice president for securities lending and collateral management in Luxembourg. In the role  she was responsible for the supervision of a middle-office team and the growth of the company’s securities lending activities.She became vice president of asset servicing in 2017  heading two back- and middle-office teams in Singapore. Moos handled corporate actions in the APAC market and oversaw a tax team for customers in the region.Returning to Luxembourg in 2019  she gained her most recent role as senior vice president of product management and investment funds. Amongst other responsibilities  Moos led the initiation and development of Clearstream’s investment funds product and handled large-scale transitions management and business transformation operations.Commenting on her departure via LinkedIn  Moos says: “I have truly enjoyed every role I was offered. Thanks again to Clearstream and Deutsche Boerse inspiring leadership team for their support and trust over the years — it was a privilege to work for and with you!”,neutral,0.03,0.97,0.0,positive,0.98,0.02,0.0,True,English,"['Melanie Moos', 'Clearstream', 'business transformation operations', 'inspiring leadership team', 'large-scale transitions management', 'senior vice president', 'past three years', 'securities lending activities', 'investment funds product', 'product management', 'middle-office team', 'tax team', 'collateral management', 'asset servicing', 'corporate actions', 'APAC market', 'other responsibilities', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'Melanie Moos', 'recent role', 'Clearstream', 'Luxembourg', 'supervision', 'growth', 'company', 'Singapore', 'customers', 'region', 'initiation', 'development', 'departure', 'LinkedIn', 'support', 'trust', 'privilege']",2023-01-30,2023-01-30,assetservicingtimes.com
17363,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,Melanie Moos leaves Clearstream Melanie Moos has left Clearstream  where she has been senior vice president for pro… https://t.co/zjJhqbBbL0,nan,Melanie Moos leaves Clearstream Melanie Moos has left Clearstream  where she has been senior vice president for pro… https://t.co/zjJhqbBbL0,neutral,0.12,0.86,0.01,neutral,0.12,0.86,0.01,True,English,"['senior vice president', 'Melanie Moos', 'Clearstream', 'senior vice president', 'Melanie Moos', 'Clearstream']",2023-01-30,2023-01-30,Unknown
17364,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,Melanie Moos leaves Clearstream. Melanie Moos has left Clearstream  where she has been senior vice president for pr… https://t.co/B6cdpov6Qf,nan,Melanie Moos leaves Clearstream. Melanie Moos has left Clearstream  where she has been senior vice president for pr… https://t.co/B6cdpov6Qf,neutral,0.12,0.87,0.01,neutral,0.12,0.87,0.01,True,English,"['senior vice president', 'Melanie Moos', 'Clearstream', 'senior vice president', 'Melanie Moos', 'Clearstream']",2023-01-30,2023-01-30,Unknown
17365,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,Melanie Moos leaves Clearstream. Melanie Moos has left Clearstream  where she has been senior vice president for pr… https://t.co/VO7pePDQwd,nan,Melanie Moos leaves Clearstream. Melanie Moos has left Clearstream  where she has been senior vice president for pr… https://t.co/VO7pePDQwd,neutral,0.04,0.95,0.01,neutral,0.04,0.95,0.01,True,English,"['senior vice president', 'Melanie Moos', 'Clearstream', 'VO7pePDQwd', 'senior vice president', 'Melanie Moos', 'Clearstream', 'VO7pePDQwd']",2023-01-30,2023-01-30,Unknown
17366,Deutsche Boerse,NewsApi.org,https://www.reuters.com/business/finance/commerzbank-meets-important-criteria-dax-membership-2023-01-30/,Commerzbank meets important criteria for DAX membership - Reuters,"Germany's Commerzbank <a href=""https://www.reuters.com/companies/CBKG.DE"" target=""_blank"">(CBKG.DE)</a> said on Monday that it met an important profit criteria to join Germany's benchmark DAX index of blue-chip stocks.","FRANKFURT  Jan 30 (Reuters) - Germany's Commerzbank (CBKG.DE) said on Monday that it met an important profit criteria to join Germany's benchmark DAX index of blue-chip stocks.Commerzbank  still partially owned by the German government after a bailout more than a decade ago  was expelled from the DAX index in 2018.The bank said its earnings before interest  taxes  depreciation and amortization (EBITDA) were 3.371 billion euros ($3.66 billion) in 2022  coming in at a positive figure for a second consecutive year to meet the DAX's profit criteria.Bettina Orlopp  Chief Financial Officer of Commerzbank  said the lender decided to disclose the figure ""in order to enable Deutsche Boerse Group to consider us as a successor candidate"" in the DAX.Deutsche Boerse  which compiles the index  said earlier this month that Linde would be leaving the DAX and that it would announce a successor on Feb. 17.Commerzbank is due to publish its full-year earnings on Feb. 16.($1 = 0.9211 euros)Reporting by Tom Sims and Marta Orosz; Editing by Maria Sheahan Editing by Miranda MurrayOur Standards: The Thomson Reuters Trust Principles.",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,negative,0.0,0.45,0.55,True,English,"['important criteria', 'DAX membership', 'Commerzbank', 'Reuters', 'The Thomson Reuters Trust Principles', 'second consecutive year', 'Chief Financial Officer', 'important profit criteria', 'Deutsche Boerse Group', 'benchmark DAX index', 'CBKG.DE', 'blue-chip stocks', 'German government', 'Bettina Orlopp', 'Tom Sims', 'Marta Orosz', 'Maria Sheahan', 'Miranda Murray', '71 billion euros', 'positive figure', 'successor candidate', 'full-year earnings', '0.9211 euros', 'FRANKFURT', 'Germany', 'Commerzbank', 'Monday', 'bailout', 'interest', 'taxes', 'depreciation', 'amortization', 'EBITDA', 'lender', 'order', 'Linde', 'Feb.', 'Reporting', 'Editing', 'Standards']",2023-01-30,2023-01-30,reuters.com
17367,Deutsche Boerse,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/COMMERZBANK-AG-13057331/news/Commerzbank-meets-important-criteria-for-DAX-membership-42843942/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230130,Commerzbank meets important criteria for DAX membership,(marketscreener.com) Germany's Commerzbank said on Monday that it met an important profit criteria to join Germany's benchmark DAX index of blue-chip stocks.https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/COMMERZBANK-AG-13057331/news/Commerzbank-meets-important-cr…,"Commerzbank  still partially owned by the German government after a bailout more than a decade ago  was expelled from the DAX index in 2018.The bank said its earnings before interest  taxes  depreciation and amortization (EBITDA) were 3.371 billion euros ($3.66 billion) in 2022  coming in at a positive figure for a second consecutive year to meet the DAX's profit criteria.Bettina Orlopp  Chief Financial Officer of Commerzbank  said the lender decided to disclose the figure ""in order to enable Deutsche Boerse Group to consider us as a successor candidate"" in the DAX.Deutsche Boerse  which compiles the index  said earlier this month that Linde would be leaving the DAX and that it would announce a successor on Feb. 17.Commerzbank is due to publish its full-year earnings on Feb. 16.($1 = 0.9211 euros)(Reporting by Tom Sims and Marta Orosz; Editing by Maria Sheahan; Editing by Miranda Murray)",neutral,0.04,0.96,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.95,0.04,True,English,"['important criteria', 'DAX membership', 'Commerzbank', 'second consecutive year', 'Chief Financial Officer', 'Deutsche Boerse Group', 'German government', 'profit criteria', 'Bettina Orlopp', 'Tom Sims', 'Marta Orosz', 'Maria Sheahan', 'Miranda Murray', '71 billion euros', 'positive figure', 'successor candidate', 'full-year earnings', 'DAX index', '0.9211 euros', 'Commerzbank', 'bailout', 'interest', 'taxes', 'depreciation', 'amortization', 'EBITDA', 'lender', 'order', 'Linde', 'Feb.', 'Editing']",2023-01-30,2023-01-30,marketscreener.com
17368,Deutsche Boerse,Bing API,https://ca.sports.yahoo.com/news/commerzbank-meets-important-criteria-dax-081408027.html?src=rss,Commerzbank meets important criteria for DAX membership,Germany's Commerzbank said on Monday that it met an important profit criteria to join Germany's benchmark DAX index of blue-chip stocks. Commerzbank  still partially owned by the German government after a bailout more than a decade ago  was expelled from the DAX index in 2018. The bank said its earnings before interest  taxes  depreciation and amortization (EBITDA) were 3.371 billion euros ($3.66 billion) in 2022  coming in at a positive figure for a second consecutive year to meet the DAX's profit criteria.,"FILE PHOTO: A company logo is pictured at the headquarters of Germany's CommerzbankFRANKFURT (Reuters) - Germany's Commerzbank said on Monday that it met an important profit criteria to join Germany's benchmark DAX index of blue-chip stocks.Commerzbank  still partially owned by the German government after a bailout more than a decade ago  was expelled from the DAX index in 2018.The bank said its earnings before interest  taxes  depreciation and amortization (EBITDA) were 3.371 billion euros ($3.66 billion) in 2022  coming in at a positive figure for a second consecutive year to meet the DAX's profit criteria.Bettina Orlopp  Chief Financial Officer of Commerzbank  said the lender decided to disclose the figure ""in order to enable Deutsche Boerse Group to consider us as a successor candidate"" in the DAX.Deutsche Boerse  which compiles the index  said earlier this month that Linde would be leaving the DAX and that it would announce a successor on Feb. 17.Commerzbank is due to publish its full-year earnings on Feb. 16.($1 = 0.9211 euros)(Reporting by Tom Sims and Marta Orosz; Editing by Maria Sheahan; Editing by Miranda Murray)",neutral,0.04,0.96,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.96,0.04,True,English,"['important criteria', 'DAX membership', 'Commerzbank', 'second consecutive year', 'Chief Financial Officer', 'important profit criteria', 'Deutsche Boerse Group', 'benchmark DAX index', 'company logo', 'blue-chip stocks', 'German government', 'Bettina Orlopp', 'Tom Sims', 'Marta Orosz', 'Maria Sheahan', 'Miranda Murray', '71 billion euros', 'positive figure', 'successor candidate', 'full-year earnings', '0.9211 euros', 'PHOTO', 'headquarters', 'Germany', 'Commerzbank', 'FRANKFURT', 'Reuters', 'Monday', 'bailout', 'interest', 'taxes', 'depreciation', 'amortization', 'EBITDA', 'lender', 'order', 'Linde', 'Feb.', 'Editing']",2023-01-30,2023-01-30,ca.sports.yahoo.com
17369,Deutsche Boerse,Bing API,https://www.stock-world.de/nachrichten/dgap/EQS-News-Commerzbank-fulfils-Deutsche-Boerse-s-DAX-40-criterion-of-positive-EBITDA-the-past-2-financial-years-n15249222.html,EQS-News: Commerzbank fulfils Deutsche Börse’s DAX 40 criterion of positive EBITDA in the past 2 financial years,On the basis of preliminary  unaudited figures  Commerzbank achieved a positive EBITDA of €3 371 million in the 2022 financial year. This means that Commerzbank meets the criterion of Deutsche Börse Group for DAX 40 membership of a positive EBITDA in its last two financial years.,"EQS-News: Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft / Key word(s): MiscellaneousCommerzbank fulfils Deutsche Börse’s DAX 40 criterion of positive EBITDA in the past 2 financial years30.01.2023 / 08:31 CET/CESTThe issuer is solely responsible for the content of this announcement.On the basis of preliminary  unaudited figures  Commerzbank achieved a positive EBITDA of €3 371 million in the 2022 financial year. This means that Commerzbank meets the criterion of Deutsche Börse Group for DAX 40 membership of a positive EBITDA in its last two financial years. However  any inclusion in the DAX 40 also depends on other criteria  in particular the free float market capitalization. The corresponding valuation is carried out exclusively by the Deutsche Börse Group.""We have decided to disclose Commerzbank's EBITDA for the 2022 year already now  in order to enable Deutsche Börse Group to consider us as a successor candidate for Linde in the DAX 40  with now two consecutive loss-free years "" explains Bettina Orlopp  Chief Financial Officer of Commerzbank.In particular  EBITDA for banks is composed of the following components to determine the profitability criterion:- Pre-tax Income (field number 01401): 2 005 million Euro- Interest Expense on Debt (01251): 850 million Euro- Depreciation and Depletion (04049): 516 million Euro- EBITDA (18198): 3 371 million EuroThe information in parentheses identifies the relevant field numbers according to Worldscope Database Datatype Definitions used for the calculation of EBITDA by Deutsche Börse Group.Commerzbank will publish detailed figures for the 2022 financial year on 16 February 2023 on the basis of the preliminary and unaudited annual financial statements.Press contactErik Nebel +49 69 136-44986Contact for investorsMichael Klein +49 69 136-24522*****About CommerzbankCommerzbank is the leading bank for the German Mittelstand and a strong partner for around 26 000 corporate client groups and around 11 million private and small-business customers in Germany. The Bank’s two Business Segments – Private and Small-Business Customers and Corporate Clients – offer a comprehensive portfolio of financial services. Commerzbank transacts approximately 30 per cent of Germany’s foreign trade and is present internationally in almost 40 countries in the corporate clients’ business. The Bank focusses on the German Mittelstand  large corporates  and institutional clients. As part of its international business  Commerzbank supports clients with German connectivity and companies opeRating in selected future-oriented industries. In the Private and Small-Business Customers segment  the Bank is at the side of its customers with its brands Commerzbank and comdirect: online and mobile  in the advisory centre  and personally in its branches. Its Polish subsidiary mBank S.A. is an innovative digital bank that serves approximately 5.7 million private and corporate customers  predominantly in Poland  as well as in the Czech Republic and Slovakia.Disclaimer and Forward-Looking StatementThis release contains forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements are statements that are not historical facts. In this release  these statements concern inter alia the expected future business of Commerzbank  efficiency gains and expected synergies  expected growth prospects and other opportunities for an increase in value of Commerzbank as well as expected future financial results  restructuring costs and other financial developments and information. These forward-looking statements are based on the management’s current plans  expectations  estimates and projections. They are subject to a number of assumptions and involve known and unknown risks  uncertainties and other factors that may cause actual results and developments to differ materially from any future results and developments expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. Such factors include the conditions in the financial markets in Germany  in Europe  in the USA and other regions from which Commerzbank derives a substantial portion of its revenues and in which Commerzbank holds a substantial portion of its assets  the development of asset prices and market volatility  especially due to the ongoing European debt crisis  potential defaults of borrowers or trading counterparties  the implementation of its strategic initiatives to improve its business model  the reliability of its risk management policies  procedures and methods  risks arising as a result of regulatory change and other risks. Forward-looking statements therefore speak only as of the date they are made. Commerzbank has no obligation to update or release any revisions to the forward-looking statements contained in this release to reflect events or circumstances after the date of this release.",neutral,0.02,0.97,0.0,negative,0.0,0.01,0.99,True,English,"['Deutsche Börse', 'past 2 financial years', 'DAX 40 criterion', 'positive EBITDA', 'EQS-News', 'Commerzbank', 'Worldscope Database Datatype Definitions', 'Deutsche Börse Group', 'two consecutive loss-free years', 'free float market capitalization', 'ongoing European debt crisis', 'last two financial years', 'unaudited annual financial statements', 'past 2 financial years', 'two Business Segments', 'mBank S.A.', 'Chief Financial Officer', 'relevant field numbers', '26,000 corporate client groups', 'expected future business', 'preliminary, unaudited figures', 'innovative digital bank', 'risk management policies', 'future financial results', 'Small-Business Customers segment', 'corporate clients’ business', 'other financial developments', 'future results', 'market volatility', 'financial services', 'financial markets', 'international business', 'business model', 'detailed figures', 'corporate customers', '2022 financial year', 'actual results', 'other criteria', 'other opportunities', 'other factors', 'other regions', 'Key word', 'corresponding valuation', 'successor candidate', 'Bettina Orlopp', 'following components', 'Pre-tax Income', 'Interest Expense', 'Erik Nebel', 'Michael Klein', 'leading bank', 'German Mittelstand', 'strong partner', 'The Bank', 'comprehensive portfolio', '30 per cent', 'foreign trade', 'large corporates', 'institutional clients', 'German connectivity', 'future-oriented industries', 'advisory centre', 'Polish subsidiary', 'Czech Republic', 'Forward-Looking Statement', 'looking statements', 'historical facts', 'efficiency gains', 'growth prospects', 'restructuring costs', 'current plans', 'Such factors', 'substantial portion', 'asset prices', 'potential defaults', 'trading counterparties', 'strategic initiatives', 'regulatory change', 'other risks', '2,005 million Euro', 'profitability criterion', 'unknown risks', 'DAX 40 membership', 'Press contact', 'positive EBITDA', '11 million private', '5.7 million private', 'DAX 40 criterion', 'Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft', '2022 year', 'EQS-News', 'CET', 'CEST', 'issuer', 'content', 'announcement', 'basis', 'inclusion', 'order', 'Linde', 'banks', 'Depreciation', 'Depletion', 'information', 'parentheses', 'calculation', '16 February', 'investors', 'Germany', '40 countries', 'companies', 'side', 'brands', 'comdirect', 'branches', 'Poland', 'Slovakia', 'Disclaimer', 'release', 'synergies', 'increase', 'value', 'expectations', 'estimates', 'projections', 'assumptions', 'uncertainties', 'conditions', 'USA', 'revenues', 'assets', 'borrowers', 'implementation', 'reliability', 'procedures', 'methods', 'obligation', 'revisions', 'events', 'circumstances', '08']",2023-01-30,2023-01-30,stock-world.de
17370,Deutsche Boerse,Bing API,https://uk.finance.yahoo.com/news/commerzbank-fulfils-deutsche-b-rse-073510651.html,Commerzbank fulfils Deutsche Börse’s DAX 40 criterion of positive EBITDA in the past 2 financial years,Commerzbank fulfils Deutsche Börse’s DAX 40 criterion of positive EBITDA in the past 2 financial years 30-Jan-2023 / 08:35 CET/CEST Dissemination of a Regulatory Announcement  transmitted by EQS Group.,"Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft (CZB)Commerzbank fulfils Deutsche Börse’s DAX 40 criterion of positive EBITDA in the past 2 financial yearsDissemination of a Regulatory Announcement  transmitted by EQS Group.The issuer is solely responsible for the content of this announcement.On the basis of preliminary  unaudited figures  Commerzbank achieved a positive EBITDA of €3 371 million in the 2022 financial year. This means that Commerzbank meets the criterion of Deutsche Börse Group for DAX 40 membership of a positive EBITDA in its last two financial years. However  any inclusion in the DAX 40 also depends on other criteria  in particular the free float market capitalization. The corresponding valuation is carried out exclusively by the Deutsche Börse Group. ""We have decided to disclose Commerzbank's EBITDA for the 2022 year already now  in order to enable Deutsche Börse Group to consider us as a successor candidate for Linde in the DAX 40  with now two consecutive loss-free years "" explains Bettina Orlopp  Chief Financial Officer of Commerzbank. In particular  EBITDA for banks is composed of the following components to determine the profitability criterion:- Pre-tax Income (field number 01401): 2 005 million Euro- Interest Expense on Debt (01251): 850 million Euro- Depreciation and Depletion (04049): 516 million Euro- EBITDA (18198): 3 371 million EuroThe information in parentheses identifies the relevant field numbers according to Worldscope Database Datatype Definitions used for the calculation of EBITDA by Deutsche Börse Group.Commerzbank will publish detailed figures for the 2022 financial year on 16 February 2023 on the basis of the preliminary and unaudited annual financial statements. Press contact Erik Nebel +49 69 136-44986 Contact for investors Michael Klein +49 69 136-24522 ***** About Commerzbank Commerzbank is the leading bank for the German Mittelstand and a strong partner for around 26 000 corporate client groups and around 11 million private and small-business customers in Germany. The Bank’s two Business Segments – Private and Small-Business Customers and Corporate Clients – offer a comprehensive portfolio of financial services. Commerzbank transacts approximately 30 per cent of Germany’s foreign trade and is present internationally in almost 40 countries in the corporate clients’ business. The Bank focusses on the German Mittelstand  large corporates  and institutional clients. As part of its international business  Commerzbank supports clients with German connectivity and companies operating in selected future-oriented industries. In the Private and Small-Business Customers segment  the Bank is at the side of its customers with its brands Commerzbank and comdirect: online and mobile  in the advisory centre  and personally in its branches. Its Polish subsidiary mBank S.A. is an innovative digital bank that serves approximately 5.7 million private and corporate customers  predominantly in Poland  as well as in the Czech Republic and Slovakia. Disclaimer and Forward-Looking Statement This release contains forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements are statements that are not historical facts. In this release  these statements concern inter alia the expected future business of Commerzbank  efficiency gains and expected synergies  expected growth prospects and other opportunities for an increase in value of Commerzbank as well as expected future financial results  restructuring costs and other financial developments and information. These forward-looking statements are based on the management’s current plans  expectations  estimates and projections. They are subject to a number of assumptions and involve known and unknown risks  uncertainties and other factors that may cause actual results and developments to differ materially from any future results and developments expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. Such factors include the conditions in the financial markets in Germany  in Europe  in the USA and other regions from which Commerzbank derives a substantial portion of its revenues and in which Commerzbank holds a substantial portion of its assets  the development of asset prices and market volatility  especially due to the ongoing European debt crisis  potential defaults of borrowers or trading counterparties  the implementation of its strategic initiatives to improve its business model  the reliability of its risk management policies  procedures and methods  risks arising as a result of regulatory change and other risks. Forward-looking statements therefore speak only as of the date they are made. Commerzbank has no obligation to update or release any revisions to the forward-looking statements contained in this release to reflect events or circumstances after the date of this release.",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,negative,0.0,0.17,0.82,True,English,"['Deutsche Börse', 'past 2 financial years', 'DAX 40 criterion', 'positive EBITDA', 'Commerzbank', 'Polish subsidiary mBank S.A.', 'Worldscope Database Datatype Definitions', 'two consecutive loss-free years', 'free float market capitalization', 'Deutsche Börse Group', 'ongoing European debt crisis', 'last two financial years', 'unaudited annual financial statements', 'past 2 financial years', 'two Business Segments', 'Chief Financial Officer', 'relevant field numbers', '26,000 corporate client groups', 'preliminary, unaudited figures', 'innovative digital bank', 'risk management policies', 'future financial results', 'Small-Business Customers segment', 'corporate clients’ business', 'other financial developments', 'EQS Group', 'market volatility', 'financial services', 'financial markets', 'future business', 'future results', 'detailed figures', 'corporate customers', '2022 financial year', 'international business', 'business model', 'actual results', 'other criteria', 'other opportunities', 'other factors', 'other regions', 'corresponding valuation', 'successor candidate', 'Bettina Orlopp', 'following components', 'Pre-tax Income', 'Interest Expense', 'Erik Nebel', 'Michael Klein', 'leading bank', 'German Mittelstand', 'strong partner', 'The Bank', 'comprehensive portfolio', '30 per cent', 'foreign trade', 'large corporates', 'institutional clients', 'German connectivity', 'future-oriented industries', 'advisory centre', 'Czech Republic', 'Forward-Looking Statement', 'historical facts', 'efficiency gains', 'growth prospects', 'restructuring costs', 'current plans', 'looking statements', 'Such factors', 'substantial portion', 'asset prices', 'potential defaults', 'trading counterparties', 'strategic initiatives', 'regulatory change', 'other risks', '2,005 million Euro', 'profitability criterion', 'unknown risks', 'Regulatory Announcement', 'DAX 40 membership', 'Press contact', 'positive EBITDA', '11 million private', '5.7 million private', 'Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft', 'DAX 40 criterion', 'Commerzbank Commerzbank', '2022 year', 'CZB', 'Dissemination', 'issuer', 'content', 'basis', 'inclusion', 'order', 'Linde', 'banks', 'Depreciation', 'Depletion', 'information', 'parentheses', 'calculation', '16 February', 'investors', 'Germany', '40 countries', 'companies', 'side', 'brands', 'comdirect', 'branches', 'Poland', 'Slovakia', 'Disclaimer', 'release', 'synergies', 'increase', 'value', 'expectations', 'estimates', 'projections', 'assumptions', 'uncertainties', 'conditions', 'USA', 'revenues', 'assets', 'borrowers', 'implementation', 'reliability', 'procedures', 'methods', 'obligation', 'revisions', 'events', 'circumstances']",2023-01-29,2023-01-30,uk.finance.yahoo.com
17371,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,Deutsche Theodore had rival the a Euronext after chief bid launch Jean-Francois held forward Clara Boerse said LSE… https://t.co/MMy49bVtCB,nan,Deutsche Theodore had rival the a Euronext after chief bid launch Jean-Francois held forward Clara Boerse said LSE… https://t.co/MMy49bVtCB,neutral,0.1,0.88,0.02,neutral,0.1,0.88,0.02,True,English,"['chief bid launch', 'Deutsche Theodore', 'Clara Boerse', 'Euronext', 'Jean-Francois', 'LSE', 'chief bid launch', 'Deutsche Theodore', 'Clara Boerse', 'Euronext', 'Jean-Francois', 'LSE']",2023-01-28,2023-01-30,Unknown
17372,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,Deutsche Börse AG: Preliminary announcement of the publication of financial reports according to Ar... https://t.co/ErOiy6SZ3m,nan,Deutsche Börse AG: Preliminary announcement of the publication of financial reports according to Ar... https://t.co/ErOiy6SZ3m,neutral,0.09,0.9,0.01,neutral,0.09,0.9,0.01,True,English,"['Deutsche Börse AG', 'Preliminary announcement', 'financial reports', 'publication', 'Ar...', 'Deutsche Börse AG', 'Preliminary announcement', 'financial reports', 'publication', 'Ar...']",2023-01-27,2023-01-30,Unknown
17373,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,Retweet selected by the https://t.co/11ojAZA3Wf team |      Deutsche Boerse  Swisscom Settle Securities with Corda… https://t.co/29ybTJrz9z,nan,Retweet selected by the https://t.co/11ojAZA3Wf team |      Deutsche Boerse  Swisscom Settle Securities with Corda… https://t.co/29ybTJrz9z,neutral,0.1,0.89,0.01,neutral,0.1,0.89,0.01,True,English,"['ojAZA3Wf team', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'Retweet', 'Swisscom', 'Securities', 'Corda', 'ojAZA3Wf team', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'Retweet', 'Swisscom', 'Securities', 'Corda']",2023-01-27,2023-01-30,Unknown
17374,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/exor-n-v-periodic-report-071000003.html,Exor N.V.: Periodic Report on the Buyback Program,EXOR N.V. (AMS: EXO) (“Exor” or the “Company”) announces that  under the second tranche of the share buyback program of up to €250 million announced on 29...,EXOR N.V. (AMS: EXO) (“Exor” or the “Company”) announces that  under the second tranche of the share buyback program of up to €250 million announced on 29 July 2022 (the “second tranche”)  the Company has completed the following transactions on Euronext Amsterdam:Trading Date Number of ordinary shares purchased Average price per share excluding fees (€) Total consideration excluding fees (€) 23 January 2023 23 662 72.2193 1 708 853.08 24 January 2023 31 468 71.8905 2 262 250.25 25 January 2023 33 000 71.4866 2 359 057.80 26 January 2023 32 093 72.3708 2 322 596.08 27 January 2023 33 000 73.3111 2 419 266.30 TOTAL 153 223 11 072 023.51After these purchases  the total invested amount under the second tranche is approximately €202.1 million for a total amount of 2 957 057 ordinary shares purchased.As of 27 January 2023  the Company held in total 13 745 155 ordinary shares in treasury (5.70% of total ordinary issued share capital).A comprehensive overview of the transactions carried out under the share buyback program  as well as the details of the above transactions  are available on Exor’s corporate website under the Share Buyback section.Attachment,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,True,English,"['Exor N.V.', 'Periodic Report', 'Buyback Program', 'total ordinary issued share capital', 'share buyback program', 'Trading Date Number', 'Share Buyback section', 'EXOR N.V.', 'ordinary shares', 'Total consideration', 'second tranche', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'Average price', 'comprehensive overview', 'corporate website', 'total amount', 'following transactions', 'Company', '29 July', 'fees', '23 January', '25 January', '26 January', '27 January', 'purchases', 'treasury', 'details', 'Attachment']",2023-01-30,2023-01-30,finance.yahoo.com
17375,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20230129005034/en/Teleperformance-Commended-by-the-OECD-French-National-Contact-Point-for-Implementing-Its-Recommendations-and-Maintaining-Duty-of-Care,Teleperformance Commended by the OECD French National Contact Point for Implementing Its Recommendations and Maintaining Duty of Care,PARIS--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Regulatory News: Teleperformance (Paris:TEP)  the global leader in outsourced customer and citizen experience management and related digital services  announced today that the OECD National Contact Point (NCP)1 for France1 has definiti…,PARIS--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Regulatory News:Teleperformance (Paris:TEP)  the global leader in outsourced customer and citizen experience management and related digital services  announced today that the OECD National Contact Point (NCP)1 for France1 has definitively ended the proceedings initiated in April 2020 and applauded the actions taken by Teleperformance to follow NCP recommendations and maintain duty of care.In particular  the NCP commends the Group's significant progress in India and the Philippines  where employee representatives are now stakeholders in health and safety committees at the different sites and subsidiaries.It has ended follow-up work on the specific instance2 and definitively closed the proceedings.On April 17  2020  UNI Global Union filed a specific instance with the OECD French NCP regarding Teleperformance and its management of the Covid-19 outbreak.On July 5  2021  following the initial assessment  the NCP found that the Covid-19 pandemic prevention  management and monitoring policy across the Group's subsidiaries was perfectly in line with corporate duty of care best practices  in accordance with the OECD Guidelines. After several months of investigation  the NCP also confirmed the actual and operational implementation of Teleperformance's commitments in the countries concerned.The NCP press release is available by clicking here (French version only for now).Teleperformance has a long history of commitment to social and environmental responsibility  and is deeply attentive to the wellbeing of its employees. This commitment is illustrated by the many Best Employer certifications awarded to Teleperformance by the independent Great Place to Work® Institute.Teleperformance and UNI Global also signed a global agreement in December 2022.Daniel Julien  Teleperformance Chairman and Chief Executive Officer  commented: “Teleperformance’s worldwide corporate mission is to reduce the day-to-day frictions existing between companies and their customers  and between governments and their citizens. We deliver on that mission by making sure we satisfy all our stakeholders  with a primary focus on TP employee satisfaction. Accordingly  we acknowledge and appreciate the positive conclusion of the tripartite OECD NCP.”About Teleperformance GroupTeleperformance (TEP – ISIN: FR0000051807 – Reuters: TEPRF.PA - Bloomberg: TEP FP)  the global leader in outsourced customer and citizen experience management and related digital services  serves as a strategic partner to the world’s largest companies in many industries. It offers a One Office support services model including end-to-end digital solutions  which guarantee successful customer interaction and optimized business processes  anchored in a unique  comprehensive high touch  high tech approach. Nearly 420 000 employees  based in 88 countries  support billions of connections every year in over 265 languages and around 170 markets  in a shared commitment to excellence as part of the “Simpler  Faster  Safer” process. This mission is supported by the use of reliable  flexible  intelligent technological solutions and compliance with the industry’s highest security and quality standards  based on Corporate Social Responsibility excellence. In 2021  Teleperformance reported consolidated revenue of €7 115 million (US$8.4 billion  based on €1 = $1.18) and net profit of €557 million.Teleperformance shares are traded on the Euronext Paris market  Compartment A  and are eligible for the deferred settlement service. They are included in the following indices: CAC 40  STOXX 600  S&P Europe 350  MSCI Global Standard and Euronext Tech Leaders. In the area of corporate social responsibility  Teleperformance shares are included in the CAC 40 ESG since September 2022  the Euronext Vigeo Euro 120 index since 2015  the EURO STOXX 50 ESG index since 2020  the MSCI Europe ESG Leaders index since 2019  the FTSE4Good index since 2018 and the S&P Global 1200 ESG index since 2017.For more information: www.teleperformance.com Follow us on Twitter: @teleperformance,neutral,0.2,0.8,0.0,positive,0.79,0.21,0.0,True,English,"['OECD French National Contact Point', 'Maintaining Duty', 'Teleperformance', 'Recommendations', 'Care', 'unique, comprehensive high touch, high tech approach', 'One Office support services model', 'reliable, flexible, intelligent technological solutions', 'MSCI Europe ESG Leaders index', 'S&P Global 1200 ESG index', 'EURO STOXX 50 ESG index', 'Euronext Vigeo Euro 120 index', 'OECD National Contact Point', 'many Best Employer certifications', 'The NCP press release', 'Euronext Tech Leaders', 'S&P Europe', 'Corporate Social Responsibility excellence', 'MSCI Global Standard', 'related digital services', 'independent Great Place', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'deferred settlement service', 'Covid-19 pandemic prevention', 'care best practices', 'TP employee satisfaction', 'optimized business processes', 'successful customer interaction', 'UNI Global Union', 'citizen experience management', 'tripartite OECD NCP', 'Euronext Paris market', 'worldwide corporate mission', 'OECD French NCP', 'digital solutions', 'FTSE4Good index', 'CAC 40 ESG', 'OECD Guidelines', 'environmental responsibility', 'many industries', 'global leader', 'global agreement', 'BUSINESS WIRE', 'employee representatives', 'Covid-19 outbreak', 'corporate duty', 'French version', 'outsourced customer', 'Regulatory News', 'NCP recommendations', 'significant progress', 'safety committees', 'different sites', 'follow-up work', 'specific instance2', 'initial assessment', 'monitoring policy', 'several months', 'operational implementation', 'long history', 'Work® Institute', 'Daniel Julien', 'primary focus', 'positive conclusion', 'strategic partner', 'Safer” process', 'highest security', 'quality standards', 'consolidated revenue', 'net profit', 'Compartment A', 'following indices', 'day frictions', 'largest companies', 'TEP FP', 'Teleperformance Chairman', 'Teleperformance shares', 'Teleperformance Group', 'France1', 'proceedings', 'April', 'actions', 'India', 'Philippines', 'stakeholders', 'health', 'subsidiaries', 'July', 'accordance', 'investigation', 'actual', 'commitments', 'countries', 'wellbeing', 'employees', 'December', 'customers', 'governments', 'citizens', 'ISIN', 'Reuters', 'TEPRF', 'Bloomberg', 'billions', 'connections', 'languages', '170 markets', 'use', 'compliance', 'industry', 'area', 'September', 'information', 'Twitter']",2023-01-30,2023-01-30,businesswire.com
17376,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/lumibird-fy-2022-revenues-191m-164500863.html,LUMIBIRD: FY 2022 REVENUES OF €191M (+18%),Lannion  30 March 2023 – 17:45 LUMIBIRD: FY 2022 REVENUES OF €191M (+18%) Accelerated growth for both divisions during challenging global timesNew record in ...,Lumibird SALannion  30 March 2023 – 17:45LUMIBIRD: FY 2022 REVENUES OF €191M (+18%)Accelerated growth for both divisions during challenging global timesNew record in Q4 with revenues of €66m (+32%)EBITDA margin expected between 18% and 19% in H2 2022  up significantly from H1 2022 (13.3%)2022 annual EBITDA estimated at €30-32m  lower than Group target in spite of the recovery in H2Organic growth and 2023 EBITDA margin target of 20-25% reaffirmedThe LUMIBIRD Group (FR0000038242 - LBIRD)  the European leader for laser technologies  recorded annual revenues of €191 million at 31 December 2022  up 18%  and +12% like-for-like1 and at constant exchange rates.Consolidated revenues (unaudited)Revenues (€m) 2022 2021 Reported change Change at constant scope and exch rates First quarter 38.0 33.8 +12% +11% Second quarter 46.0 41.7 +10% +7% Third quarter 40.9 37.2 +10% +4% Fourth quarter 66.0 49.8 +32% +22% 12 months 191.0 162.5 +18% +12% of which Photonics 93.5 76.3 +23% +13% Medical 97.5 86.2 +13% +11%2022 annual turnover up by +12% like-for-like and at constant currencyThe LUMIBIRD Group's consolidated annual turnover was €191m in 2022  evenly split between the Photonics (€93.5m  +22%) and Medical (€97.5m  +13%) divisions. On a like-for-like basis  annual growth is 12%. The impact of changes in the scope of consolidation is linked to the integration on 31 May of the Defense rangefinder activities of Lumibird Photonics Sweden (previously Saab)  which contributed €5.7m over the year. The annual exchange rate effect was positive and represented €3.7m  mainly due to the appreciation of the dollar over the period.The breakdown of annual sales by division and by geographical area is as follows:Revenues (M€) Photonics Var. Medical Var. EMEA 46.3 +38% 30.8 +5% Americas 18.2 +33% 30.6 +26% APAC 18.1 -3% 24.0 +11% Rest of the world 10.9 +4% 12.1 +12% Total 93.5 +23% 97.5 +13%Données non auditées par les commissaires aux comptesThe Photonics Division recorded strong growth in Europe (+38%) and the United States (+26%)  whilst sales declined slightly in China  where the zero COVID policy weighed on the economy.Story continuesThe Medical division was more resilient in Asia (+11%); it recorded dynamic growth in the United States (+18%) and limited growth (+5%) in Europe  which was affected by the conflict in Ukraine. Annual sales in Ophthalmology were delivered through direct sales (€50m  up 11%) and the distributor network (€47.4m  up 15%) channels.A record fourth quarter  at €66 million  up 32%.The Photonics division experienced the strongest growth in the last quarter  at +49% with a revenue of €35.3m. Defence/Space activities  notably supported by the integration of Lumibird Photonics Sweden  recorded €14.6m revenue in Q4 (+167%)  representing 49% of the €30.1m (+50%) annual revenue. The Industrial and Scientific business grew by 30% in Q4 to €11.1m  for an annual total of €37.4m (+10%). The Lidar business was stable at €9.6m in Q4 for a full year revenue of €26.0m (+16%). Lidar systems represented 34% of the Lidar business over the year and grew by 42%.The Medical division recorded stable seasonal growth throughout the year and closed the last quarter up 17% at €30.7m. The division's sales are split between Diagnostics (€8.6m in the last quarter and €23.8m for the full year  up 28%) and Treatment (€22.1m in the last quarter and €73.7m for the full year  up 9%).OutlookIn 2022  the group has implemented measures to combat supply chain and rising costs (high inflation) difficulties and invested in new sites (Göteborg  Courtabœuf  Lannion and Ljubljana) to increase production capacity from 2023 onwards to meet strong demand.Profitability has been regained in H2 with a H2 2022 EBITDA margin of between 18% and 19%  a partial recovery from the drop in profitability experienced in H1 2022  with an estimated annual 2022 EBITDA of between €30 and €32m.2In 2023  the Group confirms its objective to achieve organic revenue growth of 8-10% and an EBITDA margin in the range of 20% to 25%. The Group continues to be active on potential acquisition opportunities.Next dates:2022 FY results: 14 March 2023 (after close of trading)2023 Q1 revenues: 24 April 2023 (after close of trading)Annual general meeting: 28 April 2023  14h00 (Les Ulis)2023 H1 revenues: 24 July 2023 (after close of trading)H1 results: 26 September 2023 (after close of trading)LUMIBIRD is one of the world's leading specialists in lasers. With 50 years of experience and a mastering of solid state laser  laser diodes and fiber laser technologies  the Group designs  manufactures and markets high performance lasers for scientific (laboratories and universities)  industrial (manufacturing  defense  Lidar sensors) and medical (ophthalmology  ultrasound diagnostic) markets.Born from the combination of Keopsys Group with Quantel in October 2017  LUMIBIRD has more than 940 employees and over €162 million of consolidated revenues in 2021 and is present in Europe  America and Asia.LUMIBIRD shares are listed on the Euronext Paris B Compartment. FR0000038242 – LBIRD www.lumibird.comSince 2022  LUMIBIRD is part of Euronext Tech LeadersContactsLUMIBIRDMarc Le FlohicChairman and CEOTel. +33(0) 1 69 29 17 00info@lumibird.com LUMIBIRDAude Nomblot-GourhandSecretary General – CFOTel. +33(0) 1 69 29 17 00info@lumibird.com CalyptusMathieu CalleuxInvestors RelationsTel. +33(0) 1 53 65 37 91lumibird@calyptus.net1 Adjusted for the impact of Lumibird Photonics Sweden: €5.7m in 20222 The information provided has not been audited as the audit work is ongoing.Attachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.22,0.2,0.58,True,English,"['LUMIBIRD', 'FY', 'REVENUES', 'Euronext Paris B Co', 'annual exchange rate effect', 'challenging global times', 'zero COVID policy', 'high inflation) difficulties', 'potential acquisition opportunities', 'solid state laser', 'constant exchange rates', 'Annual general meeting', 'stable seasonal growth', 'fiber laser technologies', 'high performance lasers', 'Lumibird Photonics Sweden', 'Defense rangefinder activities', 'The Photonics Division', 'The Lidar business', '2023 EBITDA margin target', 'Lumibird SA Lannion', 'The Medical division', 'record fourth quarter', 'organic revenue growth', 'The LUMIBIRD Group', 'H2 2022 EBITDA margin', 'full year revenue', 'Organic growth', 'The Group', '2022 annual EBITDA', 'annual 2022 EBITDA', 'New record', 'exch rates', 'Defence/Space activities', 'laser diodes', 'annual growth', 'annual revenue', 'Group target', 'constant currency', 'Photonics Var', 'The Industrial', '2022 annual turnover', 'Lidar systems', 'Lidar sensors', 'Accelerated growth', 'strong growth', 'dynamic growth', 'limited growth', 'strongest growth', 'LUMIBIRD shares', '€14.6m revenue', 'First quarter', 'Second quarter', 'Third quarter', 'last quarter', 'European leader', 'geographical area', 'Medical Var.', 'Données', 'United States', 'distributor network', 'supply chain', 'rising costs', 'new sites', 'Göteborg', 'Courtabœuf', 'production capacity', 'strong demand', 'Next dates', 'Les Ulis', 'leading specialists', 'ultrasound diagnostic', 'Keopsys Group', 'annual sales', 'constant scope', 'Scientific business', 'annual total', 'direct sales', 'Consolidated revenues', '2023 Q1 revenues', 'partial recovery', '2022 FY results', 'H1 results', 'medical (ophthalmology', '2023 H1 revenues', '30 March', 'divisions', 'Q4', 'spite', 'LBIRD', '31 December', '12 months', 'basis', 'impact', 'changes', 'consolidation', 'integration', '31 May', 'Saab', 'appreciation', 'dollar', 'period', 'breakdown', 'EMEA', 'Americas', 'Rest', 'world', 'commissaires', 'comptes', 'China', 'economy', 'Story', 'Asia', 'conflict', 'Ukraine', 'channels', 'Diagnostics', 'Treatment', 'Outlook', 'measures', 'Ljubljana', 'Profitability', 'drop', 'objective', 'close', 'trading', '24 April', '28 April', '50 years', 'experience', 'mastering', 'laboratories', 'universities', 'manufacturing', 'markets', 'combination', 'Quantel', 'October', '940 employees', '26']",2023-01-30,2023-01-30,finance.yahoo.com
17377,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/dsm-delivery-shares-203000967.html,DSM - delivery of shares,Following the Offering Circular published on 22 November 2022  Royal DSM is required to announce transactions relating to the ordinary shares in its capital ...,This is a press release by Koninklijke DSM N.V. (Royal DSM)  pursuant to the provisions of Sections 13 paragraphs 1 and 2 of the Dutch Decree on Public Takeover Bids (Besluit openbare biedingen Wft) (the Decree) in connection with the public offer by Danube AG (to be renamed DSM-Firmenich AG) for all the issued and outstanding ordinary shares in the capital of DSM (the Exchange Offer). This press release does not constitute an offer  or any solicitation of any offer  to buy or subscribe for any securities. This press release is not for general release  publication or distribution  in whole or in part  in or into  directly or indirectly  the United States or any other jurisdiction where such release  publication or distribution would violate applicable laws or regulations.HEERLEN  Netherlands  Jan. 30  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- Following the Offering Circular published on 22 November 2022  Royal DSM is required to announce transactions relating to the ordinary shares in its capital in accordance with the Dutch public offer rules. This includes the delivery of treasury shares to employees in view of settling the vesting of share units or the exercise of stock options.DSM Logo.Pursuant to commitments entered into prior to issuing the Offering Circular  DSM has on 30 January 2023  delivered 35 ordinary shares to employees in view of settling the exercise of an equivalent number of stock options granted under the respective DSM Incentive Plan (average exercise price €112.00). On the date hereof  the total number of issued and outstanding DSM ordinary shares is 173 083 555. As a consequence of the delivery included herein  the number of outstanding DSM ordinary shares increased by 0.0000%.DSMRoyal DSM is a global  purpose-led company in Health  Nutrition & Bioscience  applying science to improve the health of people  animals and the planet. DSM's purpose is to create brighter lives for all. DSM's products and solutions address some of the world's biggest challenges while simultaneously creating economic  environmental and societal value for all its stakeholders – customers  employees  shareholders  and society at large. The company was founded in 1902 and is listed on Euronext Amsterdam. More information can be found at www.dsm.com.Story continuesOr find us on:LinkedIn: http://www.linkedin.com/company/3108Twitter: http://www.twitter.com/DSMFacebook: http://www.facebook.com/DSMcompanyYouTube: http://www.youtube.com/user/dsmcompanyFor more informationDSM Media Relations Gareth Mead tel. +31 (0) 45 5782420 email media.contacts@dsm.com DSM Investor Relations Dave Huizing tel. +31 (0) 45 5782864 email investor.relations@dsm.comForward-looking statementsThis press release may contain forward-looking statements with respect to DSM's future (financial) performance and position. Such statements are based on current expectations  estimates and projections of DSM and information currently available to the company. DSM cautions readers that such statements involve certain risks and uncertainties that are difficult to predict and therefore it should be understood that many factors can cause actual performance and position to differ materially from these statements. DSM has no obligation to update the statements contained in this press release  unless required by law. The English language version of the press release is leading.Logo - https://mma.prnewswire.com/media/329419/dsm_logo.jpgCisionView original content:https://www.prnewswire.co.uk/news-releases/dsm---delivery-of-shares-301733843.html,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,mixed,0.37,0.23,0.4,True,English,"['DSM', 'delivery', 'shares', 'DSM Media Relations Gareth Mead', 'DSM Investor Relations Dave Huizing', 'Koninklijke DSM N.V.', 'respective DSM Incentive Plan', 'Dutch public offer rules', 'outstanding DSM ordinary shares', 'outstanding ordinary shares', 'Public Takeover Bids', 'English language version', 'future (financial) performance', 'average exercise price', 'global, purpose-led company', '35 ordinary shares', 'treasury shares', 'Dutch Decree', 'actual performance', 'Royal DSM', 'Sections 13 paragraphs', 'biedingen Wft', 'Danube AG', 'Exchange Offer', 'United States', 'other jurisdiction', 'applicable laws', 'Offering Circular', 'share units', 'stock options', 'brighter lives', 'biggest challenges', 'economic, environmental', 'societal value', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'current expectations', 'many factors', 'original content', 'press release', 'general release', 'DSM Logo', 'equivalent number', 'total number', 'Forward-looking statements', 'Such statements', 'More information', 'provisions', 'connection', 'capital', 'solicitation', 'securities', 'publication', 'distribution', 'part', 'regulations', 'HEERLEN', 'Netherlands', 'Jan.', '22 November', 'transactions', 'accordance', 'delivery', 'employees', 'view', 'vesting', 'commitments', '30 January', 'date', 'consequence', 'Health', 'Nutrition', 'Bioscience', 'people', 'animals', 'planet', 'products', 'solutions', 'world', 'stakeholders', 'customers', 'shareholders', 'society', 'Story', 'LinkedIn', 'Twitter', 'Facebook', 'DSMcompany', 'YouTube', 'position', 'estimates', 'projections', 'readers', 'risks', 'uncertainties', 'obligation', 'prnewswire', 'Cision', 'news-releases', '0.']",2023-01-30,2023-01-30,finance.yahoo.com
17378,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20230129005017/en/Public-Storage-to-Release-Fourth-Quarter-2022-Earnings-Results-and-Host-Quarterly-Conference-Call,Public Storage to Release Fourth Quarter 2022 Earnings Results and Host Quarterly Conference Call,GLENDALE  Calif.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Public Storage (NYSE:PSA) announced today it intends to release its fourth quarter 2022 earnings results after the market close on Tuesday  February 21  2023. A conference call is scheduled for Wednesday  February 22  2023  …,GLENDALE  Calif.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Public Storage (NYSE:PSA) announced today it intends to release its fourth quarter 2022 earnings results after the market close on Tuesday  February 21  2023. A conference call is scheduled for Wednesday  February 22  2023  at 9:00 a.m. (PST) to discuss these results.Live conference call Domestic dial-in number: (800) 274-8461 International dial-in number: (203) 518-9708 Conference ID: PSAQ422 Simultaneous audio webcast link: PublicStorage.com  under “About Us  Investor Relations  News and Events  Event Calendar” Conference call replay Domestic dial-in number: (800) 934-3638 International dial-in number: (402) 220-1150 Webcast link: PublicStorage.com  under “About Us  Investor Relations  News and Events  Event Calendar” Date accessible through: March 1  2023Company InformationPublic Storage  a member of the S&P 500 and FT Global 500  is a REIT that primarily acquires  develops  owns  and operates self-storage facilities. At September 30  2022  we had: (i) interests in 2 836 self-storage facilities located in 40 states with approximately 202 million net rentable square feet in the United States and (ii) a 35% common equity interest in Shurgard Self-Storage SA (Euronext Brussels:SHUR)  which owned 259 self-storage facilities located in seven Western European nations with approximately 14 million net rentable square feet operated under the Shurgard® brand. Our headquarters are located in Glendale  California.Additional information about Public Storage is available on the Company’s website at PublicStorage.com.,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,True,English,"['Fourth Quarter 2022 Earnings Results', 'Host Quarterly Conference Call', 'Public Storage', '202 million net rentable square feet', '14 million net rentable square feet', 'PSAQ422 Simultaneous audio webcast link', 'seven Western European nations', '35% common equity interest', 'Shurgard Self-Storage SA', 'Live conference call', 'Domestic dial-in number', 'Shurgard® brand', 'Conference ID', 'self-storage facilities', 'BUSINESS WIRE', 'fourth quarter', 'International dial', 'Investor Relations', 'Event Calendar', 'Public Storage', 'S&P 500', 'FT Global 500', 'Euronext Brussels', 'Additional information', 'earnings results', 'About Us', 'Company Information', 'United States', '40 states', 'GLENDALE', 'Calif.', 'market', 'Tuesday', 'February', 'Wednesday', '9:00 a', 'PublicStorage', 'News', 'Events', 'Date', 'March', 'member', 'REIT', 'September', 'interests', 'headquarters', 'California', 'website']",2023-01-30,2023-01-30,businesswire.com
17379,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/nfl-biosciences-launches-round-fundraising-172600970.html,NFL Biosciences launches a round of fundraising for approximately 2.5 million euros,NFL Biosciences launches a round of fundraising for approximately 2.5 million euros Capital increases as part of a global offer comprising an offer reserved ...,NFL Biosciences launches a round of fundraising for approximately 2.5 million eurosCapital increases as part of a global offer comprising an offer reserved for professional investors and a public offering for retail investors through the PrimaryBid platform.The PrimaryBid Offer will close on January 30 at 10 pm and the Offer reserved for professional investors will close on January 31   2023 before start of trading (subject to early closure).Price range of €2.08 to €2.35 per new share  representing a discount of 33.97% to 25.40% to the closing price of NFL Biosciences shares on January 30  2023.NFL BIOSCIENCES (Euronext Growth Paris – FR0014003XT0 – ALNFL)  a biopharmaceutical company that is developing botanical drugs for the treatment of addictions  is today announcing the launch of a round of fundraising for approximately 2.5 million euros based on issuing new shares for professional investors  as defined below  and retail investors (through the PrimaryBid platform) (the “Operation”).NFL Biosciences plans to use the funds raised to support the development of its clinical research programs for the smoking cessation indication  its operations to develop a drug candidate for the indication to reduce alcohol consumption  and its day-to-day operations. Specifically  this round of fundraising will make it possible to supplement the financing for the CESTO II phase II/III trial  aiming to demonstrate the efficacy of its botanical drug candidate NFL-101 for smoking cessation (results expected in Q4 2023)  and the PRECESTO trial  assessing the potential of NFL-101 to be associated with nicotine replacement therapies (results expected in Q3 2023)  as well as the continued development of NFL-301  aimed at reducing alcohol consumption.For Ignacio Faus  NFL Biosciences CEO: “2023 looks set to be a rich year from a clinical perspective  with the first results on our priority projects in the third quarter of 2023 for PRECESTO and in the fourth quarter of 2023 for CESTO II.Story continuesIt is important to note that the cost of the clinical trials that we are carrying out is relatively low compared with other indications  especially because patients are monitored on an outpatient basis  yet smoking cessation in particular offers a very strong level of commercial potential on account of the number of smokers and the limitations involved with current treatments. As we maintain a very low fixed cost structure  the vast majority of the funds are allocated to financing clinical trials and therefore serve to increase the potential value of NFL Biosciences’ projects.With this round of fundraising  we are pushing back our cash horizon to March 2024. Alongside this  we still have two other applications for funding for a combined total to date of 1.7 million euros  which are currently being reviewed by Bpifrance. A response is expected for the first quarter of 2023”.Round of fundraising to supplement the financing for the NFL-101 clinical trials underway and continue developing NFL-301NFL-101 is a clinically developed  nicotine-free botanical drug candidate from Institut Pasteur  comprising natural proteins extracted from tobacco leaves. It is protected by two international patent families and was subject to a third patent application in 2022. 75% of the funds raised will be allocated to financing the two clinical trials  CESTO II and PRECESTO.CESTO II • The CESTO II trial is progressing in line with the schedule set  with 75% of the 318 smokers recruited at the nine clinical investigation centers that are taking part in the study. NFL Biosciences expects to finalize recruitments at the end of the second quarter  which would enable results to be obtained for the main criteria at the end of 2023. CESTO II’s objectives are to select the best dose and assess the efficacy of NFL-101 versus placebo. The primary end-point for assessment is the subjects’ continued abstinence for four weeks (US Food & Drug Administration (FDA) accepted end-point). Many other secondary end-points will also be assessed  including the subjects’ continued abstinence for six months (European Medicines Agency (EMA) accepted end-point)  the number of cigarettes smoked  withdrawal symptoms and level of craving. About 55% of the funds raised will be allocated to finalizing this Phase II/III clinical trial.PRECESTO • This Phase IIa clinical trial aims primarily to validate the complementarity of NFL-101 with other smoking cessation treatments and particularly nicotine replacement therapies (transdermal patches  tablets  chewing gums  inhalers and nicotine sprays) with a view to developing an innovative treatment method by associating NFL-101 with other smoking cessation methods. The PRECESTO trial will compare against a placebo the capacity of NFL-101 to reduce smoking satisfaction and cravings. This is a randomized  double-blind trial that will include 34 smokers who are not looking to stop smoking and get great satisfaction from smoking with a cross-over design. This trial is expected to further strengthen the appeal of NFL-101 for pharmaceutical companies that sell smoking cessation drugs and could be interested in taking out licenses. About 20% of the funds raised will be allocated to putting in place and carrying out this Phase IIa clinical trial. The PRECESTO trial results are expected for the third quarter of 2023.NFL-301 • This natural drug candidate to reduce alcohol consumption is subject to a co-development agreement with ATHENA Pharmaceutiques  set up in February 2022. Under this partnership  ATHENA Pharmaceutiques  a market leader for the development and manufacturing of oral delivery drugs  will manage the development and manufacturing of NFL-301  while NFL Biosciences will draw up and lead the clinical program  which could be launched in the United States over the coming months. By allocating about 15% of the funds raised to this project  NFL Biosciences will be able to continue developing NFL-301 and file a pre-IND application with the US Food and Drug Administration (FDA) prior to a future clinical trial application. The partnership aims to develop NFL-301 at least until its placebo-controlled efficacy has been demonstrated as a treatment for reducing alcohol consumption. NFL Biosciences and ATHENA Pharmaceutiques will make a joint investment and will share future revenues based on their respective investments.The balance of the funds raised  approximately 10%  will be allocated to the day-to-day operations of the Company.Before carrying out this round of fundraising  NFL Biosciences’ cash horizon is the end of the second quarter of 2023. Considering the current level of cash and the estimated proceeds from this round of fundraising  NFL Biosciences is pushing back its cash horizon to March 2024. In addition  two other applications for subsidies for a combined total of 1.7 million euros to date  currently being reviewed by Bpifrance  with a response expected for the first quarter of 2023  would extend this cash horizon. NFL Biosciences will also continue to apply for non-dilutive financing solutions with French and European institutions.Fundraising conditionsThe fundraising will be carried out with two separate  but concomitant components:1) An offer based on issuing new ordinary shares with preferential subscription rights waived for professional investors in accordance with Article L. 225-138 of the French commercial code (Code de commerce) on the one hand  and Article L. 411-2 of the French monetary and financial code (Code monétaire et financier) on the other hand (the “Reserved Offer”). The Reserved Offer will be carried out in accordance with the delegations granted to the Board of Directors under the terms of the 12th and 13th resolutions from the Extraordinary General Meeting on May 25  2022.The Reserved Offer is intended for:(i) the following categories of investors based on the 12th resolution:companies  investment funds and family offices that usually invest in small and medium-sized enterprises in the health sector  and the biotech sector in particular  with the Board of Directors to set the corresponding list  while noting that the maximum number of beneficiaries has been capped at 15;holding companies  collective savings management funds or life insurance companies  specialized in investing in small and mid caps from the health sector  and the biotech sector in particular;French or foreign-law companies or groups of companies that have operational activities in the health sector  with the Board of Directors to set the corresponding list  while noting that the maximum number of beneficiaries has been capped at 20 per issue;(ii) the investors covered by Article L. 411-2-1 of the French monetary and financial code based on the 13th resolution.The subscription price for the new shares with the Reserved Offer will as a minimum be equal to the volume-weighted average price of NFL Biosciences shares for the last five trading days prior to the setting of the price  less a potential discount of up to 30% in accordance with the abovementioned delegations. In this context  the price range  set between 2.08 euros and 2.35 euros per new share  shows a discount of 33.97% to 25.40% compared to the closing price of NFL Biosciences shares on Monday  January 30  2023  which is 3.15 euros  as well as a discount of 29.92% to 20.82% compared to the volume-weighted average price of NFL Biosciences shares over the last 5 trading days (from Monday  January 23 to Friday  January 27  2023)  which is equal to 2.9680 euros.2) A public offering of new ordinary shares with preferential subscription rights waived for retail investors through the PrimaryBid platform under the 10th resolution from the Extraordinary General Shareholders’ Meeting on May 25  2022 (the “PrimaryBid Offer”). The PrimaryBid Offer will be carried out based on an allocation in proportion to the requests submitted within the limits of the amount allocated to this public offering  with allocations reduced in the event of surplus demand  if applicable  in accordance with Article L. 225-136 of the French commercial code. The amount of the Overall Offer will depend exclusively on the orders received for each of the aforementioned sections without any possibility to reallocate the amounts assigned from one to the other. The PrimaryBid Offer is subordinate to the Reserved Offer and will represent a maximum of 20% of the amount of the Overall Offer. Moreover  the PrimaryBid Offer will not be carried out if the capital increase for the Reserved Offer is not itself carried out.The Reserved Offer will be carried out with an accelerated book-build  following which the number and price of the new shares issued will be determined. In accordance with the 10th resolution from the General Meeting  the subscription price for the new shares that will be determined following this process with the Reserved Offer will as a minimum be equal to the volume-weighted average price of NFL Biosciences shares for the last five trading days prior to the setting of the price  less a potential discount of up to 30%. The price of the shares allocated in connection with the PrimaryBid Offer will be identical to that determined for the Reserved Offer.The accelerated book-building for the Reserved Offer is starting immediately and is expected to end before the start of trading on January31  2023  subject to potentially being closed early. The PrimaryBid Offer is also starting immediately and will end today at 10pm  subject to potentially being closed early.The definitive price and the final number of new ordinary shares to be issued with the Reserved Offer and the Overall Offer will be set by the Chief Executive Officer acting in accordance with a delegation granted by NFL Biosciences’ Board of Directors on January 30  2023 under and within the limits of the 10th  12th and 13th resolutions from NFL Biosciences’ Extraordinary General Shareholders’ Meeting on May 25  2022.NFL Biosciences will announce the results of the Overall Offer as soon as possible following the closing of the order book for the Reserved Offer in a press release  which will notably indicate the final number of new ordinary shares issued and the issue price.The settlement-delivery of the new ordinary shares issued in connection with the capital increase and their admission to trading on the Euronext Growth Paris market are scheduled for February 2nd  2023. The new shares will be of the same category and fungible with the existing shares  will be entitled to all the rights associated with the shares  and will be admitted to trading on the multilateral trading system Euronext Growth® Paris under the same ISIN  FR0014003XT0.In connection with the Operation  and if the Operation is successful  NFL Biosciences has made a commitment  on the one hand  to not carry out any capital increase based on new shares for a period of 6 months from the completion of the Operation without prior approval from Invest Securities and  on the other hand  to not issue any bonds that could be exchanged for or converted into new shares  whether or not these are combined with stock warrants  until December 31  2023.Financial intermediariesInvest Securities is the global coordinator - lead manager and bookrunner for the Reserved Offer.For the PrimaryBid Offer  investors will be able to subscribe exclusively through the PrimaryBid partners indicated on the PrimaryBid site (www.PrimaryBid.fr). The PrimaryBid Offer is not covered by an underwriting agreement. For further details  please refer to the PrimaryBid site at www.PrimaryBid.fr.Risk factorsReaders’ attention is drawn to the risk factors relating to NFL Biosciences and its activity. The principal risks are the usual risks for a pharmaceutical biotechnology company. A detailed description of the Company’s risk factors is presented in the information document from June 15  2021  section 4 “Risk factors” (pages 15 to 33)  which is available on the Company’s website (https://www.nflbiosciences.com/documents).If all or part of these risks were to materialize  this would be likely to have an adverse impact on NFL Biosciences’ activity  financial position  results  development or outlook. The risk factors presented in said documents are identical on the date of this press release.In addition  investors are invited to take into consideration the following risks that are specific to the issue:The market price of NFL Biosciences shares could fluctuate and fall below the subscription price for the new shares issued as part of the operation;As a result of stock market fluctuations  the volatility and liquidity of NFL Biosciences’ shares could vary significantly;NFL Biosciences’ shares could be sold on the secondary market following the operation  and this could have an adverse impact on NFL Biosciences’ share price;NFL Biosciences shareholders could be subject to further dilution resulting from potential future capital increases;As the securities are not intended to be listed on a regulated market  investors will not be entitled to the guarantees associated with regulated markets.Such events could have a significant adverse impact on the market price of NFL Biosciences shares.DisclaimerPursuant to the provisions of Article 1(4) of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 14 June 2017  the Operation will not give rise to the publication of a Prospectus subject to approval by the Autorité des Marchés Financiers (AMF).As such  this press release does not constitute a prospectus within the meaning of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 14 June 2017  as amended  or a public offering.The distribution of this press release may be subject to specific regulations in some countries. Consequently  persons physically present in those countries and in which the press release is circulated  published or distributed must inform themselves of and comply with those laws and regulations.This press release constitutes a promotional communication and not a prospectus within the meaning of the Prospectus Regulation.This press release does not constitute an offer to sell securities or any solicitation of an offer to buy or subscribe for securities in the United States of America. The shares or any other securities of the Company may only be offered or sold in the United States of America following a registration under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933 (the “Securities Act”)  as amended  or pursuant to an exemption from such registration requirement. The Operation may exceptionally be aimed at a limited number (i) of qualified institutional buyers in the United States of America (“qualified institutional buyers” or “QIB”) within the meaning of Rule 144A (“Rule 144A”) under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933  as amended and/or (ii) institutional accredited investors (“institutional accredited investors” or “IAI”) within the meaning of Rule 501 (a) (1)  (2)  (3)  (7)  (8)  (12) or (13) of Regulation D of the Securities Act pursuant to an exemption from registration in accordance with Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act  notably within the framework of the Issue Reserved for a Category of Persons  subject to entering into the categories determined in accordance with Article L. 225-138 of the French Commercial Code (Code de commerce). The shares of the Company will only be offered or sold outside the United States of America and in the framework of offshore transactions in accordance with Regulation S of the Securities Act. The Company does not intend to register the Operation in whole or in part in the United States of America or to make a public offering in the United States of America.With respect to Member States of the European Economic Area  no action has been or will be taken to permit a public offering of the securities covered by this press release requiring the publication by the Company of a prospectus in a Member State other than France. Accordingly  the shares of the Company may not be offered and will not be offered in any Member State other than France  except in cases not requiring the publication by the Company of a prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation and/or the regulations applicable in that Member State.This press release can be distributed (A) outside the United States in accordance with Regulation S of the US Securities Act solely to (i) persons in the United Kingdom (a) who are investment professionals within the meaning of Section 19(5) of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Financial Promotion) Order 2005 (as currently in force  hereinafter the “Financial Promotion Order”)  or (b) high net worth entities referred to in Section 49(2) (a) to (d) of the Financial Promotion Order  or (c) persons to whom an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activities (within the meaning of Section 21 of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000) in connection with the issue or sale of any securities of the Company or any member of its group may lawfully be communicated  directly or indirectly; (ii) persons in any other Member States of the European Economic Area who are “qualified investors” within the meaning of Article 2(e) of the Prospectus Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2017/1129  as amended); (iii) certain qualified and/or institutional investors in other selected jurisdictions  in accordance with the restrictions applicable; and persons in the United States who are “qualified institutional buyers”  within the meaning and on the basis of Rule 114A of the US Securities Act or another exemption from registration or a transaction that is not subject to registration under the US Securities Act.About NFL BiosciencesNFL Biosciences is a biopharmaceutical company based in the Montpellier area which develops botanical drug candidates for the treatment of addictions. NFL Biosciences' ambition is to bring new  natural  safer and more effective therapeutic solutions to the entire world population  including low- and middle-income countries. Its most advanced product  called NFL-101  is a standardized  nicotine-free tobacco leaf extract protected by two patent families. NFL Biosciences intends to offer smokers who want to quit a natural  safe  easy-to-administer and personalized alternative. NFL Biosciences is also developing NFL-301  a natural drug candidate for the reduction of alcohol consumption and has a drug development project for the treatment of cannabis use disorders.The shares of NFL Biosciences are listed on Euronext Growth Paris (FR0014003XT0 – ALNFL). Find out more at www.nflbiosciences.comContactsBruno Lafont – info@nflbiosciences.com - +33 4 11 93 76 67 Agence Calyptus – nflbio@calyptus.net - +33 1 53 65 68 68Attachment,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.57,0.28,0.15,True,English,"['NFL Biosciences', '2.5 million euros', 'round', 'fundraising', 'CESTO II phase II/III trial', 'Many other secondary end-points', 'nine clinical investigation centers', 'Phase II/III clinical trial', 'two international patent families', 'low fixed cost structure', 'Phase IIa clinical trial', 'other smoking cessation methods', 'The CESTO II trial', 'other smoking cessation treatments', 'two other applications', 'randomized, double-blind trial', 'Euronext Growth Paris', 'clinical research programs', 'third patent application', 'European Medicines Agency', 'two clinical trials', 'innovative treatment method', 'NFL Biosciences CEO', 'The PrimaryBid Offer', 'smoking cessation indication', 'botanical drug candidate', 'NFL Biosciences shares', 'NFL Biosciences’ projects', 'NFL-101 clinical trials', 'other indications', 'clinical perspective', 'current treatments', 'smoking satisfaction', 'PRECESTO trial', 'botanical drugs', 'new shares', 'priority projects', 'third quarter', 'PrimaryBid platform', 'Drug Administration', '2.5 million euros', 'Capital increases', 'professional investors', 'public offering', 'retail investors', 'early closure', 'Price range', 'closing price', 'biopharmaceutical company', 'alcohol consumption', 'replacement therapies', 'Ignacio Faus', 'rich year', 'fourth quarter', 'outpatient basis', 'vast majority', 'cash horizon', 'combined total', '1.7 million euros', 'first quarter', 'Institut Pasteur', 'natural proteins', 'tobacco leaves', 'second quarter', 'main criteria', 'best dose', 'four weeks', 'US Food', 'six months', 'withdrawal symptoms', 'transdermal patches', 'chewing gums', 'great satisfaction', 'cross-over design', 'global offer', 'commercial potential', 'potential value', 'day operations', 'continued development', 'strong level', 'continued abstinence', 'primary end-point', 'first results', 'round', 'fundraising', 'part', 'January', 'start', 'trading', 'discount', 'ALNFL', 'addictions', 'launch', 'funds', 'financing', 'efficacy', 'Q4', 'Q3', 'Story', 'patients', 'account', 'number', 'smokers', 'limitations', 'March', 'funding', 'Bpifrance', 'response', 'NFL-301', 'line', 'schedule', 'study', 'recruitments', 'objectives', 'placebo', 'assessment', 'subjects', 'FDA', 'EMA', 'cigarettes', 'craving', 'complementarity', 'tablets', 'inhalers', 'sprays', 'view', 'capacity', 'appeal']",2023-01-30,2023-01-30,finance.yahoo.com
17380,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/bghl-eur-nav-063000591.html,BGHL (EUR): NAV(s),BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary Shares The Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for...,"BOUSSARD AND GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED (EUR)BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary SharesThe Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for the Company.Close of business 27 Jan 2023.Estimated NAVEuro Shares Sterling Shares Estimated NAV € 27.3037 £ 24.0443 Estimated MTD return -1.68 % -1.56 % Estimated YTD return -1.68 % -1.56 % Estimated ITD return 173.04 % 140.44 %NAV and returns are calculated net of management and performance feesMarket informationEuro Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close € 22.00 N/A Premium/discount to estimated NAV -19.42 % N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close N/A GBX 1 900.00 Premium/discount to estimated NAV N/A -20.98 %Transactions in own securities purchased into treasuryOrdinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/A Range of Price N/A N/ALiquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/ABGHL CapitalBGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Shares Outstanding 12 298 758 126 294 Held in treasury 8 711 N/A Shares Issued 12 307 469 126 294Estimated BG Fund NAVClass B Euro Shares (estimated) € 239.2265 Class GBP A Shares (estimated) £ 128.2852The Class B Euro Shares of BG Fund are not subject to investment manager fees  as the Investment Manager receives management fees and performance fees in respect of its role as Investment Manager of BGHL.For further information please contact:Boussard & Gavaudan Investment Management  LLP.Emmanuel Gavaudan +44 (0) 20 3751 5389 Email : info@bgam-uk.comStory continuesThe Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has received the necessary approval of the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and the States of Guernsey Policy Council. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.This is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Neither the Company nor BG Fund ICAV has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that:all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results;the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; andif you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.Attachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.16,0.84,True,English,"['BGHL', 'EUR', 'NAV', 'A Liquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares', 'The Class B Euro Shares', 'BGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares', 'Class GBP A Shares', 'A N/A Average Price', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'Euro Shares Amsterdam', 'Sterling Shares Shares', 'US Investment Company Act', 'A N/A Range', 'GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED', 'expert financial advice', 'Guernsey Policy Council', 'collective investment scheme', 'UK Listing Authority', 'other professional advice', 'BG Fund ICAV', 'closed-ended investment company', 'US Securities Act', 'Gavaudan Investment Management', 'investment manager fees', 'BG Fund NAV', 'N/A Shares', 'The Shares', 'A Premium/discount', 'Dutch Authority', 'N/A GBX', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'US persons', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'Financial Markets', 'The Directors', 'The Company', 'investment performance', 'original investment', 'investment decision', 'performance fees', 'BGHL Capital', 'management fees', 'MTD return', 'YTD return', 'ITD return', 'financieel toezicht', 'Official List', 'applicable law', 'public offering', 'other jurisdiction', 'main market', 'United States', 'following information', 'information purposes', 'necessary approval', 'future results', 'listed securities', 'Market information', 'LSE) Market', 'BOUSSARD', 'business', 'returns', 'AEX', 'Transactions', 'treasury', 'Number', 'respect', 'role', 'LLP.', 'Email', 'Story', 'article', 'conjunction', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', 'mind', 'risk', 'past', 'guarantee', 'doubt', 'contents', 'communication', 'substitute', 'Attachment']",2023-01-30,2023-01-30,finance.yahoo.com
17381,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/bghl-gbp-nav-063000697.html,BGHL (GBP): NAV(s),BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary Shares The Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for...,"BOUSSARD AND GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED (GBP)BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary SharesThe Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for the Company.Close of business 27 Jan 2023.Estimated NAVEuro Shares Sterling Shares Estimated NAV € 27.3037 £ 24.0443 Estimated MTD return -1.68 % -1.56 % Estimated YTD return -1.68 % -1.56 % Estimated ITD return 173.04 % 140.44 %NAV and returns are calculated net of management and performance feesMarket informationEuro Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close € 22.00 N/A Premium/discount to estimated NAV -19.42 % N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close N/A GBX 1 900.00 Premium/discount to estimated NAV N/A -20.98 %Transactions in own securities purchased into treasuryOrdinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/A Range of Price N/A N/ALiquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/ABGHL CapitalBGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Shares Outstanding 12 298 758 126 294 Held in treasury 8 711 N/A Shares Issued 12 307 469 126 294Estimated BG Fund NAVClass B Euro Shares (estimated) € 239.2265 Class GBP A Shares (estimated) £ 128.2852The Class B Euro Shares of BG Fund are not subject to investment manager fees  as the Investment Manager receives management fees and performance fees in respect of its role as Investment Manager of BGHL.For further information please contact:Boussard & Gavaudan Investment Management  LLP.Emmanuel Gavaudan +44 (0) 20 3751 5389 Email : info@bgam-uk.comStory continuesThe Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has received the necessary approval of the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and the States of Guernsey Policy Council. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.This is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Neither the Company nor BG Fund ICAV has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that:all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results;the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; andif you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.Attachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.16,0.84,True,English,"['BGHL', 'GBP', 'NAV', 'A Liquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares', 'The Class B Euro Shares', 'BGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares', 'GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary Shares', 'Class GBP A Shares', 'A N/A Average Price', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'Sterling Shares Shares', 'Euro Shares Amsterdam', 'US Investment Company Act', 'A N/A Range', 'expert financial advice', 'Guernsey Policy Council', 'collective investment scheme', 'UK Listing Authority', 'other professional advice', 'BG Fund ICAV', 'Gavaudan Investment Management', 'closed-ended investment company', 'US Securities Act', 'investment manager fees', 'N/A Shares', 'BG Fund NAV', 'The Shares', 'A Premium/discount', 'Dutch Authority', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'N/A GBX', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'US persons', 'Financial Markets', 'The Directors', 'The Company', 'investment performance', 'original investment', 'investment decision', 'performance fees', 'BGHL Capital', 'management fees', 'MTD return', 'YTD return', 'ITD return', 'financieel toezicht', 'Official List', 'applicable law', 'public offering', 'other jurisdiction', 'main market', 'United States', 'following information', 'information purposes', 'necessary approval', 'future results', 'listed securities', 'Market information', 'LSE) Market', 'BOUSSARD', 'business', 'returns', 'AEX', 'Transactions', 'treasury', 'Number', 'respect', 'role', 'LLP.', 'Email', 'Story', 'article', 'conjunction', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', 'mind', 'risk', 'past', 'guarantee', 'doubt', 'contents', 'communication', 'substitute', 'Attachment']",2023-01-30,2023-01-30,finance.yahoo.com
17382,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://biztoc.com/x/b901a508d1a537b0,‘City is defining the rules of Continental Europe more than ever post-Brexit’  says Euronext cash and derivatives head,The influence of the City of London and the UK’s Financial Conduct Authority (FCA) on European regulation has never been greater  says Euronext’s head of cash and derivatives  Simon Gallagher. Regulators in the UK and Europe have been shoring up their newly s…,The influence of the City of London and the UK’s Financial Conduct Authority (FCA) on European regulation has never been greater  says Euronext’s head of cash and derivatives  Simon Gallagher.Regulators in the UK and Europe have been shoring up their newly separate regulatory regimes following Brexit  taking seemingly divergent stances to transparency and dark trading.…This story appeared on thetradenews.com   2023-01-30.,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.01,negative,0.01,0.43,0.56,True,English,"['Continental Europe', 'Euronext cash', 'City', 'rules', 'Brexit', 'derivatives', 'Financial Conduct Authority', 'separate regulatory regimes', 'European regulation', 'Simon Gallagher', 'divergent stances', 'dark trading', 'influence', 'City', 'London', 'UK', 'FCA', 'Euronext', 'head', 'cash', 'derivatives', 'Regulators', 'Brexit', 'transparency', 'story']",2023-01-30,2023-01-30,biztoc.com
17383,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/GROUPE-BRUXELLES-LAMBERT-5953/news/Groupe-Bruxelles-Lambert-Transactions-on-GBL-shares-from-January-23-2023-until-January-27-2023--42848776/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230130,Groupe Bruxelles Lambert : Transactions on GBL shares from January 23  2023 until January 27  2023 (included),(marketscreener.com)   January 30  2023 - After 5:45pm CET   Regulated information   Delivering meaningful growth   Transactions on GBL Shares   Disclosure of transaction on GBL shares from January 23  2023 until January 27  2023    Implement…,January 30  2023 - After 5:45pm CET Regulated information Delivering meaningful growth Transactions on GBL Shares Disclosure of transaction on GBL shares from January 23  2023 until January 27  2023 (included) Implementation of the authorization of the Extraordinary General Shareholders' Meeting of April 28  2020 Purchases GBL  directly and through its subsidiaries  acquired during the period from January 23  2023 until January 27  2023 included  as part of: The share buyback program: 0 GBL shareThe share buyback program (by an independent financial institution on the basis of a discretionary mandate until March 31  2023): 85 479 GBL shares Number of Average Lowest Highest Amount Trade date price price Negotiation method / market shares price (EUR) (EUR) (EUR) (EUR) Stock Exchange 01/23/2023 18 413 78.77 78.44 79.12 1 450 433 Euronext  CBOE  Turquoise  Acquis Stock Exchange 01/24/2023 11 352 79.01 78.78 79.46 896 978 Euronext  CBOE  Turquoise  Acquis Stock Exchange 01/25/2023 13 086 78.50 78.24 79.00 1 027 303 Euronext  CBOE  Turquoise  Acquis Stock Exchange 01/26/2023 18 211 78.82 78.52 79.10 1 435 400 Euronext  CBOE  Turquoise  Acquis Stock Exchange 01/27/2023 24 417 78.56 78.28 79.28 1 918 200 Euronext  CBOE  Turquoise  Acquis Total 85 479 78.71 6 728 312 Regulated information of January 30  2023 // Page 1 / 3 // For more information: www.gbl.beThe liquidity agreement: 31 300 GBL shares Number of Average Lowest Highest Amount Trade date price price Negotiation method / market shares price (EUR) (EUR) (EUR) (EUR) 01/23/2023 6 000 78.67 78.44 79.12 472 028 Stock Exchange Euronext 01/24/2023 4 300 79.05 78.78 79.46 339 927 Stock Exchange Euronext 01/25/2023 5 250 78.52 78.24 79.00 412 244 Stock Exchange Euronext 01/26/2023 5 750 78.67 78.52 79.10 452 330 Stock Exchange Euronext 01/27/2023 10 000 78.55 78.28 79.28 785 505 Stock Exchange Euronext Total 31 300 78.66 2 462 034 Sales GBL  directly and through its subsidiaries  sold during the period from January 23  2023 until January 27  2023 included  as part of: The liquidity agreement: 37 300 GBL shares Number of Average Lowest Highest Amount Trade date price price Negotiation method / market shares price (EUR) (EUR) (EUR) (EUR) 01/23/2023 12 000 78.81 78.44 79.12 945 695 Stock Exchange Euronext 01/24/2023 2 300 79.09 78.78 79.46 181 914 Stock Exchange Euronext 01/26/2023 13 000 78.77 78.52 79.10 1 024 010 Stock Exchange Euronext 01/27/2023 10 000 78.59 78.28 79.28 785 930 Stock Exchange Euronext Total 37 300 78.75 2 937 549 As of January 27  2023  GBL holds directly and through its subsidiaries 12 668 790 GBL shares representing 8.3% of the issued capital  and holds no shares under the liquidity agreement. On that date  69.9% of the fifth share buyback program is executed1. 1 cf. http://www.gbl.be/en/transactions-gbl-shares Regulated information of January 30  2023 // Page 2 / 3 // For more information: www.gbl.be,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,True,English,"['Groupe Bruxelles Lambert', 'GBL shares', 'Transactions', 'January', 'Average Lowest Highest Amount Trade date price price Negotiation method', ""Extraordinary General Shareholders' Meeting"", 'fifth share buyback program', 'market shares price', 'meaningful growth Transactions', 'independent financial institution', 'Acquis Stock Exchange', '472,028 Stock Exchange Euronext', '27 Stock Exchange Euronext', '244 Stock Exchange Euronext', '452,330 Stock Exchange Euronext', '505 Stock Exchange Euronext', '5,695 Stock Exchange Euronext', '914 Stock Exchange Euronext', '930 Stock Exchange Euronext', '31,300 GBL shares Number', 'Acquis Total', '85,479 GBL shares', '37,300 GBL shares', '12,668,790 GBL shares', 'discretionary mandate', 'liquidity agreement', '034 Sales GBL', 'gbl.be', 'January', '5:45pm', 'information', 'Disclosure', 'Implementation', 'authorization', 'April', 'Purchases', 'subsidiaries', 'period', 'part', 'basis', 'March', 'CBOE', 'Turquoise', 'Page', 'capital', 'transactions-gbl-shares']",2023-01-30,2023-01-30,marketscreener.com
17384,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/EXPRIVIA-S-P-A-76278/news/Exprivia-S-p-A-Company-events-2023-calendar-42848524/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230130,Exprivia S p A : Company events 2023 calendar,(marketscreener.com)   PRESS RELEASE   COMPANY EVENTS 2023 CALENDAR   January 30  2023. Exprivia S.p.A. - a company listed on the Euronext Milan market of Borsa Italiana [XPR.MI] - informs that today the Board of Directors has approved the following c…,PRESS RELEASECOMPANY EVENTS 2023 CALENDARJanuary 30  2023. Exprivia S.p.A. - a company listed on the Euronext Milan market of Borsa Italiana [XPR.MI] - informs that today the Board of Directors has approved the following calendar of company events:15 March 2023 Board of Directors' meeting: approval of Annual Report as at 31 December 2022 27 April 2023 Ordinary Shareholders' meeting: approval of Annual Report as at 31 December 2022 - first call 28 April 2023 Ordinary Shareholders' meeting: approval of Annual Report as at 31 December 2022 - second call 4 August 2023 Board of Directors' meeting: approval half year financial report at 30 June 2023The Board of Directors resolved  pursuant to and for the purposes of Article 82-ter  paragraph 2 of the Issuers' Regulations  to discontinue the publication of additional periodic financial information starting from the financial year 2023  in order to reduce the burdensome nature of the administrative processes required for the formation of the additional periodic financial information until now provided at 31 March and 30 September  and also in order to better focus attention on medium-long term performance.Any changes to the above dates will be promptly communicated.,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.06,0.94,0.0,True,English,"['Exprivia S', 'Company events', 'calendar', 'Exprivia S.p.A.', 'additional periodic financial information', 'half year financial report', 'Euronext Milan market', 'medium-long term performance', ""Ordinary Shareholders' meeting"", 'financial year', 'Annual Report', 'PRESS RELEASE', 'Borsa Italiana', 'XPR.MI', 'following calendar', ""Directors' meeting"", 'first call', 'second call', ""Issuers' Regulations"", 'burdensome nature', 'administrative processes', 'above dates', 'COMPANY EVENTS', 'January', 'Board', '15 March', 'approval', '31 December', '27 April', '4 August', '30 June', 'purposes', 'Article', 'paragraph', 'publication', 'order', '31 March', '30 September', 'attention', 'changes']",2023-01-30,2023-01-30,marketscreener.com
17385,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/EURONAV-NV-5984/news/Euronav-Update-on-Arbitration-42843515/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230130,Euronav : Update on Arbitration,(marketscreener.com)   PRESS RELEASE   Regulated information - press release on the basis of article 7:116 BCCA   30 January 2023 - 08:00 a.m. CET   UPDATE ON ARBITRATION   ANTWERP  Belgium  January 30  2023 - Euronav NV (NYSE: EURN    Euron…,"PRESS RELEASERegulated information - press release on the basis of article 7:116 BCCA30 January 2023 - 08:00 a.m. CETUPDATE ON ARBITRATIONANTWERP  Belgium  January 30  2023 - Euronav NV (""EURN"" or ""Euronav"") (NYSE: EURNEuronext: EURN ) hereby informs its shareholders that on 28 January 2023 it has filed an application request for arbitration on the merits in relation to Frontline's ( NYSE: FRO & OSE: FRO ) unilateral action in pursuing the termination of the combination agreement of July 10  2022.This request on the merits follows the request for emergency arbitration that was announced by the Company's press release dated 17 January. A judgment in the pending emergency arbitration proceedings is expected on 7 February 2023.Following recent acquisitions of additional shares by Famatown Finance Limited (as disclosed on Euronav's website)  Frontline plc  Famatown Finance Limited  Hemen Holding Limited and Geveran Trading Co. Limited. could be qualified as a related party in the meaning of IAS24. As a precautionary measure the Supervisory Board has therefore taken the decision in relation to the filing of the request for arbitration on the merits against Frontline plc  Famatown Finance Limited  Hemen Holding Limited and Geveran Trading Co. Limited in accordance with the procedure provided for in article 7:116 of the Belgian Code of Companies and Associations.Euronav has assessed that Frontline's unilateral action in pursuing the termination of the combination agreement has no basis under the terms of the combination agreement and that Frontline failed to provide a satisfactory reason for its decision to pursue termination. After careful consideration  the Supervisory Board  entirely composed of independent directors  has considered that this decision is in the corporate benefit of Euronav. In accordance with article 7:116 of the Belgian Code of Companies and Associations Euronav's auditor is of the opinion that ""on the basis of our review nothing has come to our attention that would lead us to be of the opinion that the financial and accounting information mentioned in the advice of the Committee of independent members of the Supervisory Board of 26 January 2023 and in the minutes of the Supervisory Board of 26 January 2023  which justifies the envisaged action  are not in all material aspects  true and consistent with the information in our possession in the context of our assignment"".Euronav continues to communicate and maintain a constructive dialogue with its shareholders and will update the market in accordance with applicable regulations.Contact:Contact: Brian Gallagher - Head of IR Communications & Management Board memberTel: +44 20 78 70 04 36",neutral,0.02,0.97,0.0,mixed,0.32,0.16,0.52,True,English,"['Euronav', 'Update', 'Arbitration', 'Geveran Trading Co. Limited', 'Famatown Finance Limited', 'Hemen Holding Limited', 'Management Board member', 'emergency arbitration proceedings', 'Supervisory Board', 'PRESS RELEASE', 'combination agreement', 'recent acquisitions', 'additional shares', 'related party', 'precautionary measure', 'Belgian Code', 'satisfactory reason', 'careful consideration', 'independent directors', 'corporate benefit', 'independent members', 'material aspects', 'constructive dialogue', 'applicable regulations', 'Brian Gallagher', 'IR Communications', 'Regulated information', 'unilateral action', 'accounting information', 'Frontline plc', 'application request', 'Euronav NV', 'basis', 'article', '116 BCCA', '30 January', '08:00 a', 'CET', 'UPDATE', 'Belgium', 'NYSE', 'EURN', 'Euronext', 'shareholders', '28 January', 'merits', 'relation', 'OSE', 'termination', 'July', 'Company', 'judgment', '7 February', 'website', 'meaning', 'IAS24', 'decision', 'filing', 'accordance', 'procedure', 'Companies', 'Associations', 'terms', 'auditor', 'opinion', 'review', 'attention', 'financial', 'advice', 'Committee', '26 January', 'minutes', 'possession', 'context', 'assignment', 'market', 'Contact', 'Head', 'Tel', '44']",2023-01-30,2023-01-30,marketscreener.com
17386,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/01/30/2597964/0/en/GENFIT-Half-Year-Report-of-Liquidity-Contract-with-Cr%C3%A9dit-Industriel-et-Commercial.html,GENFIT: Half-Year Report of Liquidity Contract with Crédit Industriel et Commercial,Lille (France)  Cambridge (Massachusetts  United States)  Zurich (Switzerland) January 30  2023 – GENFIT (Nasdaq and Euronext: GNFT)  a late-stage biopharmaceutical company dedicated to improving the lives of patients with liver diseases characterized by high…,English FrenchLille (France)  Cambridge (Massachusetts  United States)  Zurich (Switzerland) January 30  2023 – GENFIT (Nasdaq and Euronext: GNFT)  a late-stage biopharmaceutical company dedicated to improving the lives of patients with liver diseases characterized by high unmet medical needs  today announced the half-year report of the liquidity contract with Crédit Industriel et Commercial.Under the liquidity contract GENFIT has with Crédit Industriel et Commercial  the following resources appeared on the liquidity account as of December 31  2022:138 691 shares€534 070.18During the second half of 2022  total trading was:On the buy side: 1339 376 shares for a total amount of €5 332 876.57On the sell side: 1360 706 shares for a total amount of €5 417 420.02During this same period  the number of trades were:On the buy side: 2 627On the sell side: 2 681As a reminder  upon signing of the contract  the following resources appeared on the liquidity account:27  911 shares€769 849 43ABOUT GENFITGENFIT is a late-stage biopharmaceutical company dedicated to improving the lives of patients with liver diseases characterized by high unmet medical needs. GENFIT is a pioneer in liver disease research and development with a rich history and strong scientific heritage spanning more than two decades. Thanks to its expertise in bringing early-stage assets with high potential to late development and pre-commercialization stages  today GENFIT boasts a growing and diversified pipeline of innovative therapeutic and diagnostic solutions.Its R&D pipeline covers five therapeutic areas via six independent programs which explore the potential of differentiated mechanisms of action  across a variety of development stages (Phase 1  Phase 2  Phase 3). These diseases are acute on-chronic liver failure (ACLF)  hepatic encephalopathy (HE)  cholangiocarcinoma (CCA)  urea cycle disorder (UCD)/organic acidemia disorder (OAD) and primary biliary cholangitis (PBC). Beyond therapeutics  GENFIT’s pipeline also includes a diagnostic franchise focused on NASH and ACLF.GENFIT has facilities in Lille and Paris  France  Zurich  Switzerland  and Cambridge  MA  USA. GENFIT is a publicly traded company listed on the Nasdaq Global Select Market and on compartment B of Euronext’s regulated market in Paris (Nasdaq and Euronext: GNFT). In 2021  IPSEN became one of GENFIT’s largest shareholders and holds 8% of the company’s share capital. www.genfit.comFORWARD LOOKING STATEMENTSThis press release contains certain forward-looking statements with respect to GENFIT  including those within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995  in relation to GENFIT’s research and development programs. The use of certain words  including “consider”  “contemplate”  “think”  “aim”  “expect”  “understand”  “should”  “aspire”  “estimate”  “believe”  “wish”  “may”  “could”  “allow”  “seek”  “encourage” or “have confidence” or (as the case may be) the negative forms of such terms or any other variant of such terms or other terms similar to them in meaning is intended to identify forward-looking statements. Although the Company believes its projections are based on reasonable expectations and assumptions of the Company’s management  these forward-looking statements are subject to numerous known and unknown risks and uncertainties  which could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed in  or implied or projected by  the forward-looking statements. These risks and uncertainties include  among other things  the uncertainties inherent in research and development  including in relation to safety  biomarkers  progression of  and results from  its ongoing and planned clinical trials  review and approvals by regulatory authorities of its drug and diagnostic candidates  exchange rate fluctuations  potential synergies related to the acquisition of Versantis and our capacity to integrate its assets and develop its programs  and our continued ability to raise capital to fund its development  as well as those risks and uncertainties discussed or identified in the Company’s public filings with the AMF  including those listed in Chapter 2 “Main Risks and Uncertainties” of the Company’s 2021 Universal Registration Document filed with the AMF on April 29 2022 under n° D.22-0400  which is available on the Company’s website (www.genfit.com) and on the website of the AMF (www.amf-france.org) and public filings and reports filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”) including the Company’s 2021 Annual Report on Form 20-F filed with the SEC on April 29  2022 and the 2022 Half-Year Business and Financial Report. In addition  even if the Company’s results  performance  financial condition and liquidity  and the development of the industry in which it operates are consistent with such forward-looking statements  they may not be predictive of results or developments in future periods. These forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of publication of this document. Other than as required by applicable law  the Company does not undertake any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking information or statements  whether as a result of new information  future events or otherwise.CONTACTGENFIT | InvestorsTel: +33 3 2016 4000 | investors@genfit.comPRESS RELATIONS | MediaStephanie Boyer – Press relations | Tel: +333 2016 4000 | stephanie.boyer@genfit.comAPPENDIXH2 2022Buy side Sell side Date Number of executions Number of shares Traded amounts in EUR Number of executions Number of shares Traded amounts in EUR TOTAL 2 627 1 339 376 5 332 876 57 2 681 1 360 706 5 417 420 02 01/07/2022 18 2832 8 636 41 13 2469 7 579 59 04/07/2022 15 2808 8 691 55 26 8288 25 737 37 05/07/2022 26 7955 25 355 01 29 20374 65 398 59 06/07/2022 16 4220 13 276 05 12 2554 8 074 20 07/07/2022 6 1292 4 214 35 24 8899 28 843 38 08/07/2022 2 353 1 147 97 3 353 1 155 01 11/07/2022 23 4786 16 105 83 60 12921 44 025 39 12/07/2022 94 20252 70 347 19 58 13230 46 243 87 13/07/2022 42 10361 35 632 51 75 14935 51 843 11 14/07/2022 51 7594 26 838 57 55 8492 30 277 12 15/07/2022 24 5592 20 168 69 27 6489 23 669 94 18/07/2022 9 1389 5 408 47 15 2212 8 634 27 19/07/2022 27 8839 34 172 53 38 13773 54 079 10 20/07/2022 24 7265 28 590 78 17 3085 12 212 57 21/07/2022 34 8808 34 820 54 41 11812 46 866 87 22/07/2022 32 22153 89 152 26 28 18909 76 315 28 25/07/2022 12 14922 59 574 53 19 13427 53 899 65 26/07/2022 31 11232 44 551 72 40 20028 80 002 82 27/07/2022 19 10060 41 342 68 39 26415 108 378 27 28/07/2022 26 9418 38 912 08 17 7242 30 148 74 29/07/2022 17 12497 51 651 92 20 7914 32 974 57 01/08/2022 1 1 4 10 3 1501 6 274 10 02/08/2022 9 6263 25 585 08 15 7001 28 751 16 03/08/2022 5 1001 4 190 16 8 6174 26 306 37 04/08/2022 1 1 4 30 10 2368 10 196 80 05/08/2022 1 1 4 21 1 1 4 21 08/08/2022 17 7348 32 226 71 44 17336 75 576 32 09/08/2022 34 20558 90 621 14 65 25540 113 134 55 10/08/2022 14 8158 36 494 73 17 11554 51 898 22 11/08/2022 14 7576 34 673 02 40 22251 102 215 38 12/08/2022 35 33277 155 164 19 22 13303 62 918 65 15/08/2022 5 2353 10 456 73 4 2353 10 602 56 16/08/2022 22 21578 95 969 67 16 7644 34 110 93 17/08/2022 22 22619 100 329 00 51 26105 116 296 45 18/08/2022 26 20650 91 952 66 39 20638 92 295 75 19/08/2022 13 5807 26 015 34 25 9945 44 599 92 22/08/2022 36 28559 126 375 37 43 19848 88 138 13 23/08/2022 10 16492 71 930 24 27 19189 84 180 80 24/08/2022 12 11909 52 188 66 27 17382 76 930 61 25/08/2022 31 10729 48 265 79 6 7628 34 572 63 26/08/2022 38 44327 192 992 68 34 16002 69 508 54 29/08/2022 12 13951 58 307 65 23 13951 58 628 41 30/08/2022 1 1 4 20 2 2693 11 590 57 31/08/2022 10 3515 14 902 59 1 1 4 24 01/09/2022 33 24865 102 788 38 5 2150 8 913 99 02/09/2022 7 4293 17 648 42 34 19333 80 084 35 05/09/2022 19 20428 82 590 12 6 3890 15 614 57 06/09/2022 18 24973 102 387 67 53 40867 167 645 46 07/09/2022 5 6561 26 954 80 29 25222 105 209 62 08/09/2022 43 31387 130 644 08 38 19826 82 034 71 09/09/2022 12 10404 44 324 93 24 22838 97 386 75 12/09/2022 18 12319 52 584 99 46 9844 42 208 64 13/09/2022 19 15108 65 074 08 30 17848 77 190 62 14/09/2022 14 7915 34 731 84 41 34226 153 756 47 15/09/2022 46 37477 157 799 25 15 7870 33 027 27 16/09/2022 38 19386 79 021 86 7 9608 39 669 71 19/09/2022 15 10082 41 220 27 36 22125 90 601 06 20/09/2022 27 15990 65 748 78 23 16552 68 650 63 21/09/2022 80 30448 122 056 66 15 10434 41 632 01 22/09/2022 54 32105 125 279 63 35 22489 87 974 88 23/09/2022 60 29919 114 633 69 16 12423 47 510 51 26/09/2022 51 13923 52 389 27 17 14149 53 597 74 27/09/2022 1 1 3 79 18 10784 41 364 22 28/09/2022 14 13249 49 988 03 26 16143 61 613 37 29/09/2022 17 17488 66 805 18 18 11149 42 489 89 30/09/2022 30 21589 80 660 81 30 20170 75 931 90 03/10/2022 25 11454 43 148 41 26 16250 61 858 59 04/10/2022 1 1 3 85 7 6532 25 796 50 05/10/2022 18 12767 49 687 55 1 1 4 00 06/10/2022 5 4844 18 736 65 10 7218 28 068 37 07/10/2022 13 8500 33 185 00 26 27500 107 755 09 10/10/2022 26 18069 69 895 02 18 8563 32 920 96 11/10/2022 25 5001 19 368 90 23 16007 62 603 86 12/10/2022 22 18812 74 025 73 5 1097 4 322 17 13/10/2022 20 8222 32 145 19 33 11629 45 869 37 14/10/2022 19 4723 19 220 49 16 9909 40 368 53 17/10/2022 17 3953 16 180 75 16 7571 31 231 06 18/10/2022 32 15666 64 248 53 11 5963 24 598 95 19/10/2022 30 18424 72 980 23 12 5078 20 011 61 20/10/2022 27 13956 53 614 74 27 10136 39 044 83 21/10/2022 31 6437 24 646 12 6 4061 15 629 64 24/10/2022 21 8927 34 293 22 26 10423 40 186 91 25/10/2022 6 5534 21 938 91 24 10985 43 633 67 26/10/2022 15 6559 26 531 41 14 6559 26 662 57 27/10/2022 25 9306 37 840 19 28 12558 51 282 53 28/10/2022 22 8654 34 898 81 6 3833 15 480 18 31/10/2022 8 5134 20 559 61 13 6708 27 035 49 01/11/2022 16 6687 26 819 27 8 2657 10 709 87 02/11/2022 16 9156 36 412 91 17 6373 25 412 77 03/11/2022 31 13140 51 341 18 4 1217 4 804 74 04/11/2022 16 8883 33 606 06 6 2694 10 288 20 07/11/2022 6 4274 16 123 65 19 9755 37 131 68 08/11/2022 22 9262 35 095 54 4 2670 10 107 16 09/11/2022 5 2707 10 244 60 2 2 7 59 10/11/2022 10 5406 20 415 75 16 7883 30 006 96 11/11/2022 32 11846 45 522 04 13 7410 28 538 92 14/11/2022 26 17701 68 097 67 12 32875 127 390 75 15/11/2022 8 4189 15 875 70 26 32539 123 603 57 16/11/2022 11 4883 18 515 64 3 1246 4 712 41 17/11/2022 14 6556 24 580 92 2 1181 4 407 54 18/11/2022 11 3634 13 447 77 10 21514 80 055 49 21/11/2022 9 3692 13 660 40 15 4494 16 689 22 22/11/2022 20 9455 34 165 67 14 5709 20 715 99 23/11/2022 8 1448 5 177 80 8 2543 9 154 80 24/11/2022 4 2088 7 550 53 10 3266 11 877 50 25/11/2022 8 2469 8 812 20 8 3414 12 265 45 28/11/2022 17 6652 23 726 33 12 4409 15 798 01 29/11/2022 29 8255 28 724 97 11 2460 8 542 89 30/11/2022 13 3523 12 079 07 8 3174 10 975 81 01/12/2022 26 4382 14 985 55 9 4288 14 728 95 02/12/2022 19 5893 19 979 66 13 7217 24 661 19 05/12/2022 24 8564 29 405 80 23 10534 36 427 04 06/12/2022 33 15052 50 880 54 7 2236 7 456 83 07/12/2022 14 6888 22 855 03 13 9278 30 970 32 08/12/2022 15 4492 14 844 38 9 4029 13 402 93 09/12/2022 19 8043 27 280 14 21 11612 39 335 34 12/12/2022 32 14821 49 336 65 26 6077 20 165 40 13/12/2022 14 5973 19 831 02 8 5186 17 330 36 14/12/2022 10 3008 10 003 81 5 2203 7 375 64 15/12/2022 15 6955 22 895 89 8 3478 11 511 50 16/12/2022 19 8737 28 556 32 13 5761 18 910 91 19/12/2022 5 1818 6 017 70 11 2741 9 105 47 20/12/2022 9 4328 14 206 66 10 5404 17 861 21 21/12/2022 9 3835 12 733 23 17 9080 30 470 95 22/12/2022 8 2851 10 016 56 28 8461 29 468 95 23/12/2022 12 4147 14 576 48 39 8935 31 654 68 27/12/2022 15 4797 17 336 21 12 7717 28 046 38 28/12/2022 15 7509 28 079 05 24 9089 33 821 51 29/12/2022 11 4830 18 456 14 38 13505 51 951 61 30/12/2022 25 10392 40 868 37 30 11640 45 997 31GENFIT | 885 Avenue Eugène Avinée  59120 Loos - FRANCE | +333 2016 4000 | www.genfit.comAttachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.17,0.21,0.62,True,English,"['Crédit Industriel', 'Half-Year Report', 'Liquidity Contract', 'GENFIT', 'Commercial', 'Private Securities Litigation Reform Act', 'high unmet medical needs', 'Nasdaq Global Select Market', 'U.S. Securities', 'Crédit Industriel', 'strong scientific heritage', 'primary biliary cholangitis', 'five therapeutic areas', 'chronic liver failure', 'organic acidemia disorder', 'exchange rate fluctuations', 'FORWARD LOOKING STATEMENTS', 'R&D pipeline', 'six independent programs', '2021 Universal Registration Document', 'late-stage biopharmaceutical company', 'liver disease research', 'high potential', 'innovative therapeutic', 'cycle disorder', 'Exchange Commission', 'liver diseases', 'forward-looking statements', 'English French', 'United States', 'half-year report', 'following resources', 'second half', 'total trading', 'buy side', 'total amount', 'sell side', 'same period', 'rich history', 'two decades', 'commercialization stages', 'diversified pipeline', 'diagnostic solutions', 'differentiated mechanisms', 'hepatic encephalopathy', 'diagnostic franchise', 'compartment B', 'largest shareholders', 'press release', 'negative forms', 'other variant', 'reasonable expectations', 'numerous known', 'other things', 'clinical trials', 'regulatory authorities', 'diagnostic candidates', 'public filings', '2021 Annual Report', 'Form 20-F', '2022 Half-Year Business', 'Financial Report', 'financial condition', 'future periods', 'applicable law', 'liquidity account', 'potential synergies', 'early-stage assets', 'share capital', 'unknown risks', 'Main Risks', 'liquidity contract', 'late development', 'development stages', 'development programs', 'other terms', 'actual results', 'Lille', 'France', 'Cambridge', 'Massachusetts', 'Zurich', 'Switzerland', 'GENFIT', 'Euronext', 'GNFT', 'lives', 'patients', 'December', '691 shares', '1339,376 shares', '1360,706 shares', 'number', 'trades', 'reminder', 'signing', '911 shares', 'pioneer', 'expertise', 'growing', 'action', 'variety', 'Phase', 'ACLF', 'cholangiocarcinoma', 'CCA', 'UCD', 'OAD', 'PBC', 'therapeutics', 'NASH', 'facilities', 'Paris', 'USA', 'IPSEN', 'respect', 'meaning', 'relation', 'words', 'contemplate', 'understand', 'confidence', 'case', 'projections', 'assumptions', 'management', 'uncertainties', 'safety', 'biomarkers', 'progression', 'ongoing', 'review', 'approvals', 'drug', 'acquisition', 'Versantis', 'capacity', 'continued', 'ability', 'AMF', 'Chapter', 'April', 'n°', 'website', 'reports', 'addition', 'performance', 'industry', 'developments', 'publication']",2023-01-30,2023-01-30,globenewswire.com
17387,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/SOCIETA-EDITORIALE-IL-FAT-55942507/news/Societa-Editoriale-Il-Fatto-S-p-a-Approval-of-the-2023-financial-calendar-42847878/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230130,Società Editoriale Il Fatto S.p.a. :  Approval of the 2023 financial calendar,(marketscreener.com)  PRESS RELEASESOCIETÀ EDITORIALE IL FATTO S.P.A.Approval of the 2023 financial calendarRome  30 January 2023 – Società Editoriale il Fatto S.p.A. media content provider and publisher of various publishing and multimedia products  com…,"PRESS RELEASESOCIETÀ EDITORIALE IL FATTO S.P.A.Approval of the 2023 financial calendarRome  30 January 2023 – Società Editoriale il Fatto S.p.A. (la “Società” o “SEIF”) media content provider and publisher of various publishing and multimedia products  company whose shares are traded on Euronext Growth Milan  the multilateral system organized and managed by Borsa Italiana S.p.A. and Euronext Growth Paris announces  pursuant to art. 17 of Euronext Growth Milan Issuers' Regulations  the following financial calendar for the year 2023.Timing Event description 31 March 2023 Board of Directors to approve the draft financial statement for financial year ended 31 December 2022 28 April and 23 May 2023 Shareholders' Meeting (1st and 2nd call) to approve the financial statement for the financial year ended 31 December 2022 29 September 2023 Board of Directors to approve the half-yearly financial report at 30 June 2023  voluntarily auditedThe financial calendar and this press release are available on the website of the company: www.seif-spa.it  in the Investor Relations section. Any changes to the calendar will be promptly disclosed to the market.***SOCIETA? EDITORIALE IL FATTO S.P.A. (SEIF) is an independent media company  founded in Rome in 2009 and led by Cinzia Monteverdi  President and CEO. The company publishes several editorial and multimedia products  including Il Fatto Quotidiano  founded by Antonio Padellaro and edited by Marco Travaglio  the news website ilfattoquotidiano.it and the monthly magazine FQ Millennium  edited by Peter Gomez  and the publishing house Paper First  edited by Marco Lillo. SEIF has recently embarked on a process of diversification to become more and more of an all-round media content provider  launching a strategy to develop its products in a digital and data-driven key and to produce TV with the LOFT business unit.For further information:Press officeCommunityMarco Rubino +39 335 6509552Giuliana Pampani +39 340 8384422mail: marco@community.itEuronext growth AdvisorAlantra Capital MarketsVia Borgonuovo  16 – 20121 Milanotel. +39 02 63671613Stefano Bellavitamail: stefano.bellavita@alantra.comSEIF - Investor relations06 32818514Cinzia Monteverdi (CEO) ir@seif-spa.itLuigi Calicchia (CFO) l.calicchia@seif-spa.itThis publication embed ""🔒 Actusnews SECURITY MASTER "".- SECURITY MASTER Key: mpmaY5VrlpiVlnCdZsllmGVrmm+TmGKammmem2aal5fJm3FkmGqUbJibZnBpl2xn- Check this key: https://www.security-master-key.com.Regulated information:Inside Information:- other releases Full and original press release in PDF: https://www.actusnews.com/news/78271-seif_cos_eng_30012022-financial-calendar.pdfReceive by email the next press releases of the company by registering on www.actusnews.com  it's free© 2023 ActusNews",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.0,True,English,"['Il Fatto S.p.a', 'Società Editoriale', '2023 financial calendar', 'Approval', 'Società Editoriale il Fatto S.p.A.', 'Borsa Italiana S.p.A.', 'publishing house Paper First', 'round media content provider', 'Il Fatto Quotidiano', ""Milan Issuers' Regulations"", 'Timing Event description', 'LOFT business unit', 'Press office Community', 'Euronext Growth Milan', 'Euronext Growth Paris', 'Euronext growth Advisor', 'half-yearly financial report', 'next press releases', 'Investor Relations section', 'Alantra Capital Markets', 'original press release', 'draft financial statement', 'independent media company', 'SECURITY MASTER Key', 'Actusnews SECURITY MASTER', 'various publishing', 'other releases', '2023 financial calendar', 'multilateral system', ""Shareholders' Meeting"", '2nd call', 'Cinzia Monteverdi', 'several editorial', 'Antonio Padellaro', 'Marco Travaglio', 'monthly magazine', 'FQ Millennium', 'Peter Gomez', 'Marco Lillo', 'Marco Rubino', 'Giuliana Pampani', 'Via Borgonuovo', 'financial year', 'data-driven key', 'multimedia products', 'news website', 'Luigi Calicchia', 'Regulated information', 'Stefano Bellavita', 'Approval', 'Rome', 'SEIF', 'publisher', 'shares', 'art.', 'Board', 'Directors', 'April', '23 May', '29 September', '30 June', 'spa', 'changes', 'SOCIETA', 'President', 'CEO', 'process', 'diversification', 'strategy', 'digital', 'TV', 'mail', '20121 Milano', 'CFO', 'publication', 'Full', 'PDF']",2023-01-30,2023-01-30,marketscreener.com
17388,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/NEXANS-4676/news/Nexans-joins-the-new-climate-version-of-the-CAC-40-42844815/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230130,"Nexans : joins the new ""climate"" version of the CAC 40",(marketscreener.com)   Nexans has been selected to join the CAC SBT 1.5° index  a new climate-focused version of the CAC 40 index launched by stock exchange operator Euronext in January 2023.   The launch of this new index salutes the voluntary approach …,Nexans has been selected to join the CAC SBT 1.5° index  a new climate-focused version of the CAC 40 index launched by stock exchange operator Euronext in January 2023.The launch of this new index salutes the voluntary approach of companies that have signed up to ambitious and specific emissions reduction targets and whose decarbonization trajectory is recognized as aligned with the Paris Climate Agreement.The CAC SBT 1.5° currently includes 38 companies within the SBF 120 that have defined clear greenhouse gas emission reduction targets  approved by the Science Based Targets initiative (SBTi).Nexans  already fully aware of its responsibility for sustainable electrification  committed to reduce absolute scope 1 and 2 GHG emissions by 46.2% by 2030 compared to the 2019 baseline year and to reduce absolute scope 3 GHG emissions by 24% by 2030 compared to the 2019 baseline year.,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.1,0.89,0.01,True,English,"['new ""climate"" version', 'Nexans', 'CAC 40', 'clear greenhouse gas emission reduction targets', 'Science Based Targets initiative', 'specific emissions reduction targets', 'stock exchange operator', 'Paris Climate Agreement', 'The CAC SBT', 'new climate-focused version', 'CAC SBT 1.5° index', 'CAC 40 index', 'new index', '2 GHG emissions', '3 GHG emissions', 'voluntary approach', 'decarbonization trajectory', 'sustainable electrification', 'absolute scope', '2019 baseline year', 'Nexans', 'Euronext', 'January', 'launch', 'companies', 'ambitious', 'SBF', 'SBTi', 'responsibility']",2023-01-30,2023-01-30,marketscreener.com
17389,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/VAN-DE-VELDE-NV-6022/news/Van-de-Velde-Acquisition-of-treasury-shares-42849000/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230130,Van de Velde : Acquisition of treasury shares,(marketscreener.com)   30.01.2023 - 18h00 Regulated information   Acquisition of treasury shares   In order to reduce the excess cash of the company and possibly cancel all or part of the purchased shares  the Board of Directors of Van de Velde NV pro…,30.01.2023 - 18h00 Regulated informationAcquisition of treasury sharesIn order to reduce the excess cash of the company and possibly cancel all or part of the purchased shares  the Board of Directors of Van de Velde NV proceeded with the purchase of shares on the market of Euronext Brussels. The following treasury shares have been acquired during the period of 19 January 2023 until and including 27 January 2023:Transaction Date Number of shares Average price Minimum price Maximum price (€/share) (€/share) (€/share) 19/01/2023 800 31 35 31 30 31 65 20/01/2023 796 31 31 31 25 31 35 23/01/2023 788 32 08 32 05 32 10 24/01/2023 840 31 58 31 55 31 60 25/01/2023 855 32 12 32 10 32 15 26/01/2023 839 31 82 31 80 31 85 27/01/2023 885 31 50 31 50 31 50Total number of shares = 5.803. Average price = 31 68 €/share. Total amount = 183.844 05 €.The authorization to acquire own shares was granted to the Board of Directors on 11 December 2019 during the extraordinary meeting of shareholders.On 27 January 2023  352.217 own shares are held by Van de Velde NV  including the 11 000 shares that were already purchased in the context of a stock option plan. This represents 2 6 per cent of the total number of shares of Van de Velde NV.Van de Velde creates fashionable lingerie of superior quality with its premium  complementary brands PrimaDonna  Marie Jo and Andres Sarda. We believe in 'Shaping the bodies and minds of women': we want to make a difference in women's lives with our beautiful and perfectly fitting lingerie  by lifting their self-confidence and self-image. For us  an impeccable in-store service is key  an approach which we have consolidated in our Lingerie Styling Concept.We work in close partnership with 3 600 independent lingerie boutiques worldwide. In addition  we have our own retail network with retail brands Rigby & Peller and Lincherie. Our geographical center of gravity is Europe and North America. Van de Velde employs almost 1 500 employees and is listed on Euronext Brussels.CONTACTSFor more information  contact:Van de Velde NV - Lageweg 4 - 9260 Schellebelle - +32 (0)9 365 21 00 - www.vandevelde.euKarel Verlinde CommV always represented by Karel VerlindeChief Executive OfficerVan de Velde NV - Lageweg 4 - 9260 Schellebelle - Belgium - T. +32 9 365 21 00 - www.vandevelde.eu - info@vandevelde.eu,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,positive,0.8,0.19,0.01,True,English,"['Van de Velde', 'treasury shares', 'Acquisition', 'Chief Executive Officer Van de Velde NV', 'Average price Minimum price', 'stock option plan', 'premium, complementary brands', 'Lingerie Styling Concept', '3,600 independent lingerie boutiques', 'Karel Verlinde CommV', 'following treasury shares', 'Maximum price', 'fashionable lingerie', 'fitting lingerie', 'retail brands', 'excess cash', 'Euronext Brussels', 'Transaction Date', 'Total amount', 'extraordinary meeting', '2,6 per cent', 'superior quality', 'Marie Jo', 'Andres Sarda', 'store service', 'close partnership', 'retail network', 'geographical center', 'North America', 'Total number', 'Regulated information', '11,000 shares', '18h00', 'Acquisition', 'order', 'company', 'Board', 'Directors', 'purchase', 'market', 'period', '19 January', '27 January', 'authorization', '11 December', 'shareholders', 'context', 'PrimaDonna', 'bodies', 'minds', 'women', 'difference', 'lives', 'beautiful', 'perfectly', 'self-confidence', 'self-image', 'impeccable', 'approach', 'addition', 'Rigby', 'Peller', 'Lincherie', 'gravity', 'Europe', '1,500 employees', 'CONTACTS', 'Lageweg', '9260 Schellebelle', 'Belgium', 'T.', 'vandevelde', '352.217', '32']",2023-01-30,2023-01-30,marketscreener.com
17390,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/UNIDATA-S-P-A-104922929/news/Unidata-S-p-A-Financial-Calendar-2023-42848779/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230130,Unidata S p A : Financial Calendar 2023,(marketscreener.com)   COMUNICATO STAMPA   UNIDATA: FINANCIAL CALENDAR 2023   Rome  30 January 2023 - Unidata S.p.A.   active in the field of Telecommunications  Cloud and IoT services  listed on the Euronext Growth Milan market of Borsa Italiana  in …,"COMUNICATO STAMPAUNIDATA: FINANCIAL CALENDAR 2023Rome  30 January 2023 - Unidata S.p.A. (EGM: UD)  active in the field of Telecommunications  Cloud and IoT services  listed on the Euronext Growth Milan market of Borsa Italiana  in compliance with the disclosure obligations pursuant to art. 17 of the Euronext Growth Milan Rules for Companies  announces the calendar of corporate events for the financial year 2023  approved on today's date by the Board of Directors.DATA EVENTO14 March 2023 Board of Directors to approve the draft financial statements for the financial year ended December 31  2022 14 March 2023 Presentation to the financial community of the Economic and Financial results as of December 31  2022 18 April 2023 Ordinary Shareholders' Meeting to approve the financial statements for the financial year ended December 31  2022 9 May 2023 Board of Directors to review and approve Q1 2023 KPIs 26 July 2023 Board of Directors to review and approve Q2 2023 KPIs 12 September 2023 Board of Directors for the approval of the interim financial report as of June 30  2023  voluntarily subjected to a limited audit 13 September 2023 Presentation to the financial community of the Economic and Financial results as of June 30  2023 14 November 2023 Board of Directors to review and approve Q3 2023 KPIsAny changes to the above dates will be promptly communicated to the market by the Company.*******The Financial Calendar is available on the company's website at the following link: https://investors.unidata.it/investors/financial-calendar/?lang=en.This press release is available from Borsa Italiana  the ""1info"" storage mechanism (www.1info.it) and the company's website www.unidata.itunder Investors/Press Releases.",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.03,0.96,0.01,True,English,"['Unidata S', 'Financial Calendar', 'Euronext Growth Milan Rules', 'Euronext Growth Milan market', 'Unidata S.p.A.', ""Ordinary Shareholders' Meeting"", '1info"" storage mechanism', 'interim financial report', 'draft financial statements', 'The Financial Calendar', 'financial year', 'financial community', 'Financial results', 'COMUNICATO STAMPA', 'IoT services', 'Borsa Italiana', 'disclosure obligations', 'corporate events', 'DATA EVENTO', 'Q1 2023 KPIs', 'Q2 2023 KPIs', 'limited audit', 'Q3 2023 KPIs', 'above dates', 'following link', 'investors.unidata', 'press release', 'Rome', 'EGM', 'field', 'Telecommunications', 'Cloud', 'compliance', 'art.', 'Companies', 'today', 'Board', 'Directors', '14 March', 'Presentation', 'Economic', 'December', 'April', 'May', 'September', 'approval', 'June', 'November', 'changes', 'Company', 'website', 'financial-calendar']",2023-01-30,2023-01-30,marketscreener.com
17391,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/EXOR-N-V-142350737/news/Exor-N-V-Periodic-Report-on-the-Buyback-Program-42843485/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230130,Exor N.V.: Periodic Report on the Buyback Program,(marketscreener.com) EXOR N.V. announces that  under the second tranche of the share buyback program of up to €250 million announced on 29 July 2022   the Company has completed the following transactions on Euronext Amsterdam: Trading DateNumber of ordinary s…,EXOR N.V. (AMS: EXO) (“Exor” or the “Company”) announces that  under the second tranche of the share buyback program of up to €250 million announced on 29 July 2022 (the “second tranche”)  the Company has completed the following transactions on Euronext Amsterdam:Trading Date Number of ordinary shares purchased Average price per share excluding fees (€) Total consideration excluding fees (€) 23 January 2023 23 662 72.2193 1 708 853.08 24 January 2023 31 468 71.8905 2 262 250.25 25 January 2023 33 000 71.4866 2 359 057.80 26 January 2023 32 093 72.3708 2 322 596.08 27 January 2023 33 000 73.3111 2 419 266.30 TOTAL 153 223 11 072 023.51After these purchases  the total invested amount under the second tranche is approximately €202.1 million for a total amount of 2 957 057 ordinary shares purchased.As of 27 January 2023  the Company held in total 13 745 155 ordinary shares in treasury (5.70% of total ordinary issued share capital).A comprehensive overview of the transactions carried out under the share buyback program  as well as the details of the above transactions  are available on Exor’s corporate website under the Share Buyback section.Attachment,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,True,English,"['Exor N.V.', 'Periodic Report', 'Buyback Program', 'total ordinary issued share capital', 'share buyback program', 'Trading Date Number', 'Share Buyback section', 'EXOR N.V.', 'ordinary shares', 'Total consideration', 'second tranche', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'Average price', 'comprehensive overview', 'corporate website', 'total amount', 'following transactions', 'Company', '29 July', 'fees', '23 January', '25 January', '26 January', '27 January', 'purchases', 'treasury', 'details', 'Attachment']",2023-01-30,2023-01-30,marketscreener.com
17392,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://seekingalpha.com/article/4573434-amundi-high-quality-european-asset-management-for-your-portfolio,Amundi: High-Quality European Asset Management For Your Portfolio (OTCMKTS:AMDUF),Amundi is a tricky proposition given its small history and the alternatives available on the market. Click here to find out why I start coverage on the stock with a Buy.,"HJBC/iStock Editorial via Getty ImagesDear readers/followers One of my ambitions for the year of 2023 is to increase your exposure - in reading  not necessarily in terms of investing (unless you choose to go this way) to European stocks  in particular not only Scandinavian or German (which is much of my coverage)  but also French and the so-called PIGS countries.One of the things I noticed in 2022 when revisiting how my articles and my investments performed  was that I had not given you enough ""pushes"" to look at these companies. And these companies  French ones included  are some of the best 2022 performers out there - and a part of the reason for my own outperformance. I will always try to be as transparent as possible  so because of this  I'm going to increase my coverage here. I also note that there  if I do not do this  is a dearth of coverage on these companies on SA. While this may not necessarily be a problem as such  it limits how potentially profitable you could be.So - here we go.Say ""Hello"" to Amundi (OTCPK:AMDUF)  the largest asset manager in all of Europe.Amundi - Asset manager with over $2T in AssetsSo  I'm not going to pretend that my position in Amundi is massive. Unfortunately  it isn't. I know Amundi because a friend of mine had a wife who worked for the company  and I've spent some time researching it. When it dipped below €45 for the native stock  I pushed some money to work. And by some money  I mean less than $1 500  a watchlist position for my portfolio.However  after recent outperformance  I'm doing a full-spectrum coverage on Amundi and adding it to my list of covered businesses. It deserves it.Why?Amundi IR (Amundi IR)Amundi is the leading European asset manager. With its AUM  it's one of the 10 leading asset managers in the world. The company doesn't have that much of a history  being less than 15 years old in its current iteration. It contains the legacy assets of Crédit Agricole (Crédit Agricole Asset Management  CAAM) and Société Générale (Société Générale Asset Management  SGAM). It listed on Euronext in 2015  which gives it a traceable public history of around 7 years.It's also still majority-owned by Credit Agricole.What the company does is basically most things having to do with investment and asset management. It offers mutual funds both in equity and bonds as well as diversified management  structured products  and treasury management  as well as passive management. Amundi is an ETF issuer and an index fund manager  and also pushes real/alternative asset investment potentials  such as PE and real estate.The company's target customers are retail and institutional investors. In its home country of France  Amundi is more widely known for its activities in the field of French employee savings schemes (épargne salariale). Amundi also has a well-respect R&D unit  which provides investing publications on global economic macro  as well as stock market developments.The company isn't just France of course  but the company has offices in Asia and the US as well. It has around 100 million direct or indirect clients  and around 1 000 institutional customers.Amundi IR (Amundi IR)Amundi is A+ rated by Fitch  and it has a very solid dividend  generating more than 5-6% yield on an annual  current basis. The company has been growing organically as well as inorganically. The company acquired Pioneer investments  the asset management arm of Italian UniCredit for €3.5B  financed by debt issuance and a cap raise. This transaction added a quarter of a trillion euros to the company's AUM  and enabled Italian  German and Austrian expansion. The company also M&A'ed Sabadell - a relatively small Spanish player with around €22B under management  as well as Lyxor from SocGen for €825M  adding over €140B of assets  which also came with high expertise in ETF management and passive management.So  the company has no issues growing - and it's been growing for years  adding business to what it already has. As with any management company like this  the company's core business and income are made up of asset management fees of various kinds - subscription fees  annual management fees  and other ancillary types of income and fees.Like most asset management businesses  Amundi had a very good 2021. The tech froth of that year was simply ""made"" for fee-based businesses  with the insane amount of capital inflows we saw - and reverse again in 2022. Because of this  I tend to exclude these as non-recurring. Amundi saw a 19% EPS decline for the 2022E basis  but still respectably higher than in 2020. 3Q22 mostly confirms this trend for the ongoing fiscal  which we'll see closed fairly soon.Amundi IR (Amundi IR)Now  the company's relatively impressive trends in terms of cost flows come in spite of the market conditions  which for asset managers are extremely unfavorable compared to 2021. Interest rates that have been rising  the index evolution for the past 12 months  it's all pushing the company's trends downward - or as i like to consider it  more towards normalization.The company is currently seeing a decent amount of outflows  but an overall impressive resilience  considering the market we're in. The company's management fees continue to be solid. Net revenues are up 1.9% despite the strong comparative period. Performance fees though  are naturally in line with the market.Amundi IR (Amundi IR)What I'm looking at when I currently check asset management businesses  is how the company is handling the changed nature of expense management  or rather  the expenses themselves. Amundi is impressive here  reporting a 1.7% like-for-like expense decline due to synergies from Lyxor  and significant expense control - and all of this is in spite of a negative FX from the dollar and Euro. On a sequential basis  the company's net income is up 4.7<% thanks to good cost control - on a YoY basis  due to performance fees on net income  the company's results are obviously down on a net basis.A good summary of this business's current quarter and recent results is that the company is doing well despite high-level challenges and impacts. The company also managed to fully integrate Lyxor  and are seeing the results of this integration.The risks and advantages of asset managers are fairly general no matter which one of the companies you're looking at. What is true for one of the top 10's is true for Amundi as well. Any massive EPS growth rate is not something you're going to find here  because asset manager earnings  especially in today's world with a relatively competitive asset management sector already. Essentially  the development of these companies usually reflects the underlying development of the market. In a relatively flat market  these companies perform fairly well and tend toward a 9-12x P/E - in better markets somewhat better.What are things like today then?Amundi's Valuation - not massively attractive  not terrible eitherSo  the right time to buy any asset manager is when there is a significant discount to its overall assets  to its peers  and to the historical valuation overall. We did have that time not terribly long ago when Amundi was trading at around 6-7x P/E - a great discount for a qualitative  A+ rated asset manager such as this. That's for the ADF by the way - the native and the peers for the native trade at closer to 9-15x. Peers for the company come in the form of Schwab (SCHW)  BlackRock (BLK)  State Street (STT)  Franklin Resources (BEN)  Nomura  and others.We don't really have a discount in terms of P/E here though. While we're back to relatively normalized levels even without the massive boost we saw in EPS during 2021.The range for the peers here goes from around 10x for companies like State Street  up to over 20x for Blackrock - so there's a fairly wide spread here  dependant on individual quality  the AUM  and the position in the market. In investments  we either have an upside based on earnings and dividend growth going forward  or we have an upside based on reversion  which we can see from either historical averages  or from peer averages. Preferably  we want a combination of these qualities. We had that back around 3-4 months ago  but we now have an upside that's strictly based on earnings and dividend growth.The company is currently trading at around 10-11x P/E normalized  which is close to its historical average of 11x. The expected forecasted average growth in the next 3-4 years is around 5-6% aper year for EPS and 5-9% for the dividend. A decent growth rate  but based on today's estimates  and based on an 11-12x P/E  which is really the highest you'd want to put Amundi at  would result in an RoR of around 13.8% annually - and that's as high as I would go here.Amundi Upside (F.A.S.T graphs)Peer averages don't give us much help to consider this company higher either. For the native  we have 16 S&P Global analysts following the company. These give the company an average of €66 per share  which would suggest an upside of 10% here. I don't have much against this target  except that it's perhaps a bit optimistic - I would go a few euros lower to make sure that we're being conservative. There is a degree of volatility to this stock. The analyst range is from €59 to €78. I would tend toward the lower end of that range.Now  the company has advantages. The yield is almost double that of a company like Blackrock or Schwab. This could suggest that the risk is significantly higher  which I consider being wrong in this case. Among its peers  it's also one of the best-rated asset managers in existence. I've invested in many of these peers  and I do own shares in Blackrock at the time of writing here.However  we have little data on Amundi's forecast accuracy - only that analysts are perhaps a bit too exuberant about the targets  as they tend to be. For those reasons  I won't allow even a high  covered yield or a credit rating to influence me here.So - my target for the company is €62/share. This comes to 11x P/E for the 2025E target period  representing a decent but not too exuberant growth. Anything above that will be a positive surprise - but you shouldn't be expecting it  because we're as uncertain about where the market is going from here as we are about the company's overall performance.So  here is my thesis for this French asset manager.ThesisAmundi is a French  world-class asset manager with over €2T in AUM  A+ rated with a yield of over 6% at a good valuation. The company  like any qualitative asset manager  is a play on overall market development and should be bought at a significant undervaluation.A valuation would consider to be relevant for the company here in order to increase my position is below €62/share. However  this must also be put into context with other investment opportunities available on the market today.I start coverage on Amundi with a ""BUY""  albeit one with a very limited overall upside.Remember  I'm all about:Buying undervalued - even if that undervaluation is slight  and not mind-numbingly massive - companies at a discount  allowing them to normalize over time and harvesting capital gains and dividends in the meantime. If the company goes well beyond normalization and goes into overvaluation  I harvest gains and rotate my position into other undervalued stocks  repeating #1. If the company doesn't go into overvaluation  but hovers within a fair value  or goes back down to undervaluation  I buy more as time allows. I reinvest proceeds from dividends  savings from work  or other cash inflows as specified in #1.Here are my criteria and how the company fulfills them (italicized).This company is overall qualitative.This company is fundamentally safe/conservative & well-run.This company pays a well-covered dividend.This company is currently cheap.This company has a realistic upside based on earnings growth or multiple expansion/reversion.The company really can't be considered cheap here  but I still give the company a ""BUY"" with a small upside.Editor's Note: This article discusses one or more securities that do not trade on a major U.S. exchange. Please be aware of the risks associated with these stocks.",neutral,0.04,0.96,0.0,mixed,0.51,0.08,0.41,True,English,"['High-Quality European Asset Management', 'Amundi', 'Portfolio', 'AMDUF', 'Société Générale Asset Management', 'Crédit Agricole Asset Management', 'real/alternative asset investment potentials', 'French employee savings schemes', 'leading European asset manager', 'most asset management businesses', 'largest asset manager', '10 leading asset managers', 'asset management arm', 'R&D unit', 'global economic macro', 'small Spanish player', 'other ancillary types', 'asset management fees', 'index fund manager', 'annual management fees', 'traceable public history', 'annual, current basis', 'Credit Agricole', 'European stocks', 'diversified management', 'treasury management', 'passive management', 'ETF management', 'current iteration', 'most things', '2022E basis', 'index evolution', 'fee-based businesses', 'subscription fees', 'HJBC/iStock Editorial', 'Getty Images', 'Dear readers', 'PIGS countries', 'enough ""pushes', 'best 2022 performers', 'OTCPK:AMDUF', 'mutual funds', 'ETF issuer', 'real estate', 'target customers', 'institutional investors', 'home country', 'épargne salariale', 'market developments', '100 million direct', 'indirect clients', '1,000 institutional customers', 'solid dividend', '5-6% yield', 'Italian UniCredit', 'debt issuance', 'cap raise', 'trillion euros', 'Austrian expansion', 'ed Sabadell', 'high expertise', 'various kinds', 'insane amount', 'capital inflows', '19% EPS decline', 'ongoing fiscal', 'cost flows', 'market conditions', 'Interest rates', 'past 12 months', 'management company', 'native stock', 'watchlist position', 'recent outperformance', 'Pioneer investments', 'core business', 'impressive trends', 'Amundi IR', 'legacy assets', 'full-spectrum coverage', 'followers', 'ambitions', 'year', 'exposure', 'reading', 'terms', 'Scandinavian', 'German', 'articles', 'companies', 'part', 'reason', 'dearth', 'problem', 'friend', 'wife', 'time', 'money', 'portfolio', 'covered', 'AUM', 'world', 'CAAM', 'SGAM', 'Euronext', 'equity', 'bonds', 'products', 'retail', 'France', 'activities', 'field', 'respect', 'publications', 'course', 'offices', 'Asia', 'Fitch', 'transaction', 'quarter', 'Lyxor', 'SocGen', 'issues', 'income', 'good 2021', 'froth', '3Q22', 'spite', 'normalization']",2023-01-30,2023-01-30,seekingalpha.com
17393,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/01/30/2597947/0/en/Half-Year-Review-of-Inventiva-s-Liquidity-Contract-with-Kepler-Cheuvreux.html,Half-Year Review of Inventiva’s Liquidity Contract with Kepler Cheuvreux,Daix (France)  Long Island City (New York  United States)  January 30  2023 – Inventiva (Euronext Paris and Nasdaq: IVA) (the “Company”)  a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company focused on the development of oral small molecule therapies for the treatment …,English FrenchDaix (France)  Long Island City (New York  United States)  January 30  2023 – Inventiva (Euronext Paris and Nasdaq: IVA) (the “Company”)  a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company focused on the development of oral small molecule therapies for the treatment of patients with non-alcoholic steatohepatitis (NASH) and other diseases with significant unmet medical needs  today announced the half-year report of its liquidity contract with Kepler Cheuvreux.Under the liquidity contract granted to Kepler Cheuvreux by Inventiva  the following resources were available in the liquidity account as of December 31  2022:Cash: € 282 479.85Number of shares: 113 003Number of executions on buy side on semester: 541Number of executions on sell side on semester: 491Traded volume on buy side on semester: 116 853 shares for € 574 407.24Traded volume on sell side on semester: 103 989 shares for € 540 127.34At the last half-year report as of June 30  2022  the following resources were available in the liquidity account:Cash: € 316 759.75Number of shares: 100 139Number of executions on buy side on semester: 993Number of executions on sell side on semester: 636Traded volume on buy side on semester: 152 845 shares for € 1 470 441.72Traded volume on sell side on semester: 98 168 shares for € 1 025 659.18When the contract was initially implemented  the following resources were included in the liquidity account:Cash: € 163 510.42Number of shares: 34 063Buy Side Sell Side Number ofexecutions Number ofshares Traded volume in EUR Number ofexecutions Number ofshares Traded volume in EUR Total 1534 269698 2 044 848 96 1127 202157 1 565 786 52 03/01/2022 8 1000 11 800 00 12 2471 29 553 16 04/01/2022 33 4501 53 336 85 11 2000 24 160 00 05/01/2022 20 1950 22 542 00 2 500 5 850 00 06/01/2022 3 49 563 50 - - - 07/01/2022 38 3187 36 013 10 - - - 10/01/2022 30 3999 43 709 07 - - - 11/01/2022 7 1000 10 680 00 13 2060 22 309 80 12/01/2022 12 2000 22 160 00 9 3440 38 872 00 13/01/2022 9 500 5 480 00 - - - 14/01/2022 5 1500 16 380 00 21 1614 17 931 54 17/01/2022 2 1000 10 980 00 7 639 7 099 29 19/01/2022 3 222 2 442 00 - - - 20/01/2022 1 1 11 20 19 3008 33 689 60 21/01/2022 8 1234 13 771 44 6 203 2 285 78 24/01/2022 30 5265 57 072 60 - - - 25/01/2022 1 1 10 54 - - - 26/01/2022 - - - 8 1500 16 125 00 27/01/2022 3 1000 10 680 00 5 500 5 400 00 28/01/2022 8 1319 14 179 25 17 2537 27 627 93 31/01/2022 15 1932 20 614 44 9 2000 21 560 00 01/02/2022 - - - 31 5500 61 105 00 02/02/2022 - - - 8 1000 11 800 00 03/02/2022 10 2000 22 720 00 11 827 9 436 07 04/02/2022 4 501 5 691 36 24 1565 17 966 20 07/02/2022 3 500 5 750 00 9 2000 23 340 00 08/02/2022 3 501 5 811 60 17 3000 35 580 00 09/02/2022 7 1501 17 666 77 16 1500 17 880 00 10/02/2022 - - - 1 50 598 00 11/02/2022 8 542 6 449 80 4 950 11 381 00 14/02/2022 27 4852 56 380 24 - - - 15/02/2022 4 500 5 530 00 - - - 16/02/2022 4 500 5 550 00 3 501 5 641 26 17/02/2022 25 2501 27 511 00 1 422 4 709 52 18/02/2022 4 1000 10 860 00 12 2185 23 947 60 21/02/2022 31 3546 38 119 50 - - - 22/02/2022 23 3648 37 428 48 5 755 7 776 50 23/02/2022 - - - 40 4245 44 827 20 24/02/2022 31 5306 53 272 24 2 155 1 612 00 Buy Side Sell Side Number ofexecutions Number ofshares Traded volume in EUR Number ofexecutions Number ofshares Traded volume in EUR Total 1534 269698 2 044 848 96 1127 202157 1 565 786 52 25/02/2022 - - - 36 4345 45 622 50 28/02/2022 4 500 5 250 00 7 3500 38 360 00 01/03/2022 6 1749 19 169 04 10 2109 23 768 43 02/03/2022 16 2548 27 696 76 - - - 03/03/2022 11 1842 19 506 78 - - - 04/03/2022 16 2058 21 403 20 - - - 07/03/2022 27 5430 52 671 00 10 2500 24 750 00 08/03/2022 5 1501 14 964 97 8 2501 25 760 30 09/03/2022 6 1000 9 950 00 2 548 5 540 28 10/03/2022 - - - 3 500 5 050 00 11/03/2022 6 1000 9 950 00 - - - 14/03/2022 4 1500 15 060 00 6 500 5 050 00 15/03/2022 17 2500 24 575 00 1 23 227 70 16/03/2022 6 500 5 000 00 11 1977 19 849 08 17/03/2022 8 1000 10 100 00 7 1452 14 955 60 18/03/2022 4 500 5 050 00 1 94 958 80 21/03/2022 4 1000 10 000 00 2 407 4 192 10 22/03/2022 5 251 2 530 08 14 1999 20 409 79 23/03/2022 3 500 5 150 00 2 500 5 200 00 24/03/2022 6 500 5 100 00 - - - 25/03/2022 12 926 9 454 46 2 260 2 678 00 28/03/2022 4 500 5 095 00 4 548 5 638 92 29/03/2022 2 501 5 110 20 14 2457 25 307 10 30/03/2022 3 311 3 234 40 3 495 5 148 00 31/03/2022 11 542 5 631 38 - - - 01/04/2022 8 1234 12 685 52 - - - 04/04/2022 5 598 6 099 60 6 1000 10 320 00 05/04/2022 1 228 2 325 60 2 500 5 150 00 06/04/2022 1 137 1 397 40 1 6 61 80 07/04/2022 3 500 5 100 00 3 170 1 751 00 08/04/2022 5 473 4 777 30 2 2 20 40 11/04/2022 1 485 4 898 50 8 998 10 179 60 12/04/2022 10 1000 10 150 00 3 867 8 886 75 13/04/2022 17 1599 15 910 05 - - - 14/04/2022 17 1500 14 655 00 1 100 990 00 19/04/2022 - - - 2 500 4 900 00 20/04/2022 1 1 9 70 20 1500 14 850 00 21/04/2022 2 6 59 28 6 500 5 000 00 Buy Side Sell Side Number ofexecutions Number ofshares Traded volume in EUR Number ofexecutions Number ofshares Traded volume in EUR Total 1534 269698 2 044 848 96 1127 202157 1 565 786 52 22/04/2022 5 495 4 900 50 - - - 25/04/2022 20 1782 17 231 94 1 7 69 30 26/04/2022 11 2401 22 425 34 - - - 27/04/2022 6 2005 17 984 85 - - - 28/04/2022 1 20 180 00 8 1250 11 400 00 29/04/2022 - - - 7 2000 18 500 00 02/05/2022 4 500 4 600 00 11 550 5 120 50 03/05/2022 3 150 1 392 00 - - - 05/05/2022 2 102 938 40 1 450 4 230 00 06/05/2022 6 898 8 315 48 - - - 09/05/2022 14 1980 17 919 00 - - - 11/05/2022 10 2544 22 387 20 9 1316 11 962 44 12/05/2022 10 1207 10 452 62 - - - 13/05/2022 6 678 5 810 46 2 802 7 009 48 16/05/2022 8 1291 10 973 50 - - - 17/05/2022 4 1012 8 551 40 7 1500 12 900 00 18/05/2022 - - - 9 1131 10 031 97 19/05/2022 - - - 5 619 5 614 33 20/05/2022 2 251 2 233 90 3 500 4 500 00 23/05/2022 3 1499 13 341 10 4 250 2 262 50 24/05/2022 4 275 2 420 00 1 500 4 450 00 25/05/2022 - - - 2 400 3 560 00 26/05/2022 1 500 4 450 00 3 500 4 500 00 27/05/2022 16 2488 21 645 60 - - - 30/05/2022 3 1000 8 550 00 1 1 8 80 31/05/2022 7 750 6 435 00 3 849 7 386 30 01/06/2022 - - - 4 500 4 300 00 02/06/2022 9 500 4 300 00 2 152 1 322 40 03/06/2022 15 1200 10 224 00 2 149 1 296 30 06/06/2022 3 600 5 100 00 1 1 8 60 07/06/2022 1 1 8 51 3 189 1 625 40 08/06/2022 4 150 1 282 50 4 411 3 538 71 09/06/2022 3 655 5 619 90 - - - 10/06/2022 8 845 7 233 20 3 500 4 350 00 13/06/2022 21 2488 20 501 12 - - - 14/06/2022 21 4100 32 267 00 - - - 15/06/2022 5 1500 11 220 00 - - - 16/06/2022 10 3000 21 540 00 - - - Buy Side Sell Side Number ofexecutions Number ofshares Traded volume in EUR Number ofexecutions Number ofshares Traded volume in EUR Total 1534 269698 2 044 848 96 1127 202157 1 565 786 52 17/06/2022 3 1000 7 000 00 1 500 3 600 00 20/06/2022 7 1000 7 000 00 3 971 6 942 65 21/06/2022 1 500 3 550 00 3 180 1 299 60 22/06/2022 16 4500 30 375 00 1 500 3 500 00 23/06/2022 8 1000 6 650 00 - - - 24/06/2022 - - - 5 500 3 350 00 27/06/2022 10 2000 12 960 00 4 500 3 400 00 28/06/2022 7 2500 15 325 00 1 1 6 50 29/06/2022 18 6000 34 260 00 1 500 2 950 00 30/06/2022 - - - 1 4 22 80 01/07/2022 5 500 2 800 00 1 1 5 70 04/07/2022 - - - 10 3495 21 389 40 05/07/2022 - - - 6 622 3 806 64 06/07/2022 3 1000 5 950 00 1 1 6 25 07/07/2022 7 2500 14 400 00 1 1 6 00 08/07/2022 - - - 3 602 3 503 64 11/07/2022 10 1486 8 470 20 2 398 2 348 20 13/07/2022 3 514 2 878 40 - - - 14/07/2022 3 500 2 750 00 2 171 974 70 15/07/2022 3 501 2 705 40 1 1 5 44 18/07/2022 1 1 5 43 1 1 5 43 19/07/2022 7 1501 7 805 20 1 1 5 33 20/07/2022 1 500 2 500 00 4 500 2 600 00 21/07/2022 1 500 2 450 00 2 149 759 90 22/07/2022 1 1 4 92 3 352 1 795 20 26/07/2022 3 501 2 454 90 1 1 4 96 27/07/2022 1 1 4 91 1 1 4 91 28/07/2022 1 500 2 450 00 - - - 29/07/2022 3 1500 7 095 00 1 8 38 40 01/08/2022 1 500 2 350 00 6 492 2 361 60 02/08/2022 - - - 1 1 4 80 03/08/2022 1 135 621 00 - - - 04/08/2022 2 365 1 679 00 - - - 05/08/2022 3 501 2 304 60 2 44 206 80 08/08/2022 - - - 7 1456 6 988 80 09/08/2022 2 1000 4 680 00 3 1000 4 850 00 10/08/2022 - - - 5 750 3 615 00 11/08/2022 - - - 6 2500 12 600 00 Buy Side Sell Side Number ofexecutions Number ofshares Traded volume in EUR Number ofexecutions Number ofshares Traded volume in EUR Total 1534 269698 2 044 848 96 1127 202157 1 565 786 52 12/08/2022 - - - 5 2000 10 540 00 15/08/2022 1 500 2 600 00 2 500 2 700 00 16/08/2022 5 600 3 114 00 - - - 17/08/2022 7 1600 7 984 00 - - - 18/08/2022 1 1 4 96 1 1 4 96 19/08/2022 3 1000 4 850 00 2 500 2 520 00 22/08/2022 3 500 2 450 00 - - - 23/08/2022 4 501 2 404 80 2 2 9 80 24/08/2022 3 1001 4 754 75 5 499 2 445 10 25/08/2022 5 500 2 350 00 1 500 2 400 00 26/08/2022 3 501 2 354 70 1 346 1 660 80 29/08/2022 1 499 2 295 40 - - - 30/08/2022 - - - 7 1654 8 038 44 01/09/2022 3 1500 6 750 00 2 24 112 80 05/09/2022 1 500 2 190 00 - - - 06/09/2022 - - - 7 500 2 200 00 07/09/2022 9 1600 6 720 00 1 1 4 44 08/09/2022 1 1 4 16 2 131 556 75 09/09/2022 - - - 5 610 2 616 90 12/09/2022 3 500 2 100 00 2 10 43 00 13/09/2022 1 258 1 057 80 1 1 4 30 14/09/2022 3 501 2 004 00 1 1 4 11 15/09/2022 3 751 3 056 57 3 1000 4 100 00 16/09/2022 4 500 2 050 00 4 751 3 154 20 19/09/2022 3 749 3 010 98 2 500 2 150 00 21/09/2022 6 1000 4 030 00 - - - 22/09/2022 3 500 2 300 00 18 5474 25 837 28 23/09/2022 12 3550 15 407 00 - - - 26/09/2022 2 500 2 000 00 1 500 2 050 00 27/09/2022 2 750 3 000 00 3 250 1 012 50 28/09/2022 5 1250 4 925 00 - - - 29/09/2022 3 1500 5 700 00 1 2 8 00 30/09/2022 6 1500 5 475 00 - - - 03/10/2022 - - - 3 350 1 316 00 04/10/2022 - - - 7 1000 3 880 00 05/10/2022 4 1467 5 589 27 3 948 3 754 08 06/10/2022 - - - 25 6500 27 365 00 07/10/2022 1 500 2 300 00 23 4566 21 505 86 Buy Side Sell Side Number ofexecutions Number ofshares Traded volume in EUR Number ofexecutions Number ofshares Traded volume in EUR Total 1534 269698 2 044 848 96 1127 202157 1 565 786 52 10/10/2022 5 1000 6 350 00 34 10761 69 731 28 11/10/2022 32 6500 39 975 00 18 4100 28 946 00 12/10/2022 14 3000 17 250 00 4 1320 7 774 80 13/10/2022 10 3000 16 140 00 - - - 14/10/2022 2 500 2 800 00 18 4500 25 785 00 17/10/2022 - - - 26 5997 38 500 74 18/10/2022 12 3000 18 750 00 5 701 4 836 90 19/10/2022 15 2500 15 100 00 - - - 20/10/2022 3 501 3 056 10 6 2500 15 500 00 21/10/2022 14 1499 8 994 00 - - - 24/10/2022 4 1500 9 000 00 5 530 3 264 80 25/10/2022 10 2100 12 096 00 7 770 4 604 60 26/10/2022 - - - 16 2000 11 700 00 27/10/2022 7 1000 6 050 00 4 1500 9 180 00 28/10/2022 12 3001 17 765 92 3 501 3 056 10 31/10/2022 51 13500 68 580 00 - - - 01/11/2022 2 500 2 325 00 2 500 2 400 00 03/11/2022 8 3650 16 498 00 - - - 04/11/2022 6 1000 4 500 00 1 500 2 300 00 07/11/2022 9 1800 7 884 00 - - - 08/11/2022 7 1500 6 390 00 2 750 3 240 00 09/11/2022 4 1000 4 330 00 - - - 10/11/2022 13 1700 7 021 00 3 1000 4 180 00 11/11/2022 - - - 5 990 4 257 00 14/11/2022 - - - 9 2110 9 537 20 15/11/2022 15 2851 12 401 85 1 1 4 49 16/11/2022 7 1000 4 250 00 1 250 1 070 00 17/11/2022 4 500 2 150 00 4 1250 5 437 50 18/11/2022 8 1351 5 741 75 3 401 1 724 30 21/11/2022 5 1000 4 150 00 - - - 22/11/2022 10 1750 7 017 50 1 500 2 100 00 23/11/2022 3 1500 5 955 00 4 750 3 015 00 24/11/2022 - - - 1 500 2 000 00 25/11/2022 4 1000 4 000 00 3 750 3 015 00 28/11/2022 2 500 2 000 00 8 1000 4 080 00 29/11/2022 3 750 3 240 00 17 3750 16 425 00 30/11/2022 3 1000 4 250 00 - - - 17/11/2022 4 500 2 150 00 4 1250 5 437 50 Buy Side Sell Side Number ofexecutions Number ofshares Traded volume in EUR Number ofexecutions Number ofshares Traded volume in EUR Total 1534 269698 2 044 848 96 1127 202157 1 565 786 52 18/11/2022 8 1351 5 741 75 3 401 1 724 30 21/11/2022 5 1000 4 150 00 - - - 22/11/2022 10 1750 7 017 50 1 500 2 100 00 23/11/2022 3 1500 5 955 00 4 750 3 015 00 24/11/2022 - - - 1 500 2 000 00 25/11/2022 4 1000 4 000 00 3 750 3 015 00 28/11/2022 2 500 2 000 00 8 1000 4 080 00 29/11/2022 3 750 3 240 00 17 3750 16 425 00 30/11/2022 3 1000 4 250 00 - - - 05/12/2022 - - - 3 598 2 583 36 06/12/2022 4 701 3 007 29 6 701 3 021 31 07/12/2022 12 1750 7 367 50 - - - 08/12/2022 4 751 3 094 12 1 1 4 18 09/12/2022 1 1 4 09 2 40 166 00 12/12/2022 6 850 3 468 00 1 1 4 15 13/12/2022 1 1 4 07 6 1211 5 025 65 14/12/2022 - - - 3 258 1 083 60 15/12/2022 11 1001 4 104 10 1 1 4 18 16/12/2022 3 251 1 016 55 2 201 818 07 19/12/2022 4 255 1 032 75 15 3944 16 880 32 20/12/2022 8 750 3 232 50 1 180 783 00 21/12/2022 2 500 2 150 00 3 250 1 080 00 22/12/2022 2 1000 4 280 00 10 1250 5 462 50 23/12/2022 1 1 4 40 7 1501 6 679 45 28/12/2022 3 501 2 204 40 1 1 4 44 29/12/2022 - - - 7 2000 8 980 00 30/12/2022 2 500 2 235 00 - - -About InventivaInventiva is a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company focused on the research and development of oral small molecule therapies for the treatment of patients with NASH  mucopolysaccharidoses (MPS) and other diseases with significant unmet medical needs. The Company benefits from a strong expertise and experience in the domain of compounds targeting nuclear receptors  transcription factors and epigenetic modulation. Inventiva is currently advancing one clinical candidate  has a pipeline of two preclinical programs and continues to explore other development opportunities to add to its pipeline.Inventiva’s lead product candidate  lanifibranor  is currently in a pivotal Phase III clinical trial  NATiV3  for the treatment of adult patients with NASH  a common and progressive chronic liver disease for which there are currently no approved therapies. In 2020  Inventiva reported positive results from its Phase IIb clinical trial evaluating lanifibranor for the treatment of patients with NASH and received Breakthrough Therapy and Fast Track status from the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (“FDA”) for lanifibranor in the treatment of NASH.Inventiva’s pipeline also includes odiparcil  a drug candidate for the treatment of adult MPS VI patients. As part of Inventiva’s decision to focus clinical efforts on the development of lanifibranor  it suspended its clinical efforts relating to odiparcil and is reviewing available options with respect to its potential further development. Inventiva is in the process of selecting an oncology development candidate for its Hippo signaling pathway program.The Company has a scientific team of approximately 80 people with deep expertise in the fields of biology  medicinal and computational chemistry  pharmacokinetics and pharmacology  and clinical development. It owns an extensive library of approximately 240 000 pharmacologically relevant molecules  approximately 60% of which are proprietary  as well as a wholly-owned research and development facility.Inventiva is a public company listed on compartment C of the regulated market of Euronext Paris (ticker: IVA - ISIN: FR0013233012) and on the Nasdaq Global Market in the United States (ticker: IVA). www.inventivapharma.com.ContactsInventivaPascaline ClercVP of Global External Affairsmedia@inventivapharma.com+1 240 620 9175 Brunswick GroupTristan Roquet Montegon /Aude Lepreux /Matthieu BenoistMedia relationsinventiva@brunswickgroup.com+33 1 53 96 83 83 Westwicke  an ICR CompanyPatricia L. BankInvestor relationspatti.bank@westwicke.com+1 415 513-1284Important NoticeThis press release contains “forward-looking statements” within the meaning of the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. All statements  other than statements of historical facts  included in this press release are forward-looking statements. These statements include  but are not limited to  expectations with respect to the pivotal Phase III clinical trial evaluating lanifibranor in patients with NASH  including recruitment of patients for that trial  the Company’s ability to satisfy conditions precedent to draw down on the second tranche under the EIB facility  potential future financings or strategic transactions  milestone payments and royalties  the Company’s ability to exercise its rights under the EIB facility  including its call right and right of first refusal  expectations with respect to EIB’s rights under the EIB facility and EIB’s potential exercise of warrants  the expected use of proceeds from the EIB facility  and the sufficiency of Inventiva’s cash resources and cash runway. Certain of these statements  forecasts and estimates can be recognized by the use of words such as  without limitation  “believes”  “anticipates”  “expects”  “intends”  “plans”  “seeks”  “estimates”  “may”  “will”  “would”  “could”  “might”  “should”  and “continue” and similar expressions. Such statements are not historical facts but rather are statements of future expectations and other forward-looking statements that are based on management's beliefs. These statements reflect such views and assumptions prevailing as of the date of the statements and involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties that could cause future results  performance or future events to differ materially from those expressed or implied in such statements. Future events are difficult to predict and may depend upon factors that are beyond Inventiva's control. There can be no guarantees with respect to pipeline product candidates that the clinical trial results will be available on their anticipated timeline  that future clinical trials will be initiated as anticipated  that product candidates will receive the necessary regulatory approvals. Actual results may turn out to be materially different from the anticipated future results  performance or achievements expressed or implied by such statements  forecasts and estimates  due to a number of factors  including that Inventiva is a clinical-stage company with no approved products and no historical product revenues  Inventiva has incurred significant losses since inception  Inventiva has a limited operating history and has never generated any revenue from product sales  Inventiva will require additional capital to finance its operations  Inventiva's future success is dependent on the successful clinical development  regulatory approval and subsequent commercialization of current and any future product candidates  preclinical studies or earlier clinical trials are not necessarily predictive of future results and the results of Inventiva's clinical trials may not support Inventiva's product candidate claims  Inventiva may encounter substantial delays in its clinical trials or Inventiva may fail to demonstrate safety and efficacy to the satisfaction of applicable regulatory authorities  enrolment and retention of patients in clinical trials is an expensive and time-consuming process and could be made more difficult or rendered impossible by multiple factors outside Inventiva's control  Inventiva's product candidates may cause adverse drug reactions or have other properties that could delay or prevent their regulatory approval  or limit their commercial potential  Inventiva faces substantial competition and Inventiva’s business  and preclinical studies and clinical development programs and timelines  its financial condition and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected by the current COVID-19 pandemic and geopolitical events  such as the conflict between Russia and Ukraine  related sanctions and related impacts and potential impacts on the initiation  enrolment and completion of Inventiva’s clinical trials on anticipated timelines and macroeconomic conditions  including global inflation and uncertain financial markets or at all. Given these risks and uncertainties  no representations are made as to the accuracy or fairness of such forward-looking statements  forecasts and estimates. Furthermore  forward-looking statements  forecasts and estimates only speak as of the date of this press release. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on any of these forward-looking statements.Please refer to the Universal Registration Document for the year ended December 31  2021 filed with the Autorité des Marchés Financiers on March 11  2022  the Annual Report on Form 20-F for the year ended December 31  2021 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 11  2022 and the financial report for the first half of 2022 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on September 22  2022 for additional information in relation to such factors  risks and uncertainties.All information in this press release is as of the date of the release. Except as required by law  Inventiva has no intention and is under no obligation to update or review the forward-looking statements referred to above.Attachment,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,True,English,"['Half-Year Review', 'Liquidity Contract', 'Kepler Cheuvreux', 'Inventiva', 'oral small molecule therapies', 'significant unmet medical needs', 'Side Sell Side Number', 'Long Island City', 'clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company', 'last half-year report', 'buy side', 'English French', 'New York', 'United States', 'Euronext Paris', 'non-alcoholic steatohepatitis', 'other diseases', 'Kepler Cheuvreux', 'following resources', 'liquidity account', 'liquidity contract', 'EUR Number', 'Daix', 'France', 'Inventiva', 'Nasdaq', 'development', 'treatment', 'patients', 'NASH', 'December', 'Cash', 'shares', 'executions', 'volume', 'June', '04/03', '500', '07', '01']",2023-01-30,2023-01-30,globenewswire.com
17394,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/GEVELOT-S-A-9293384/news/GEVELOT-S-A-Weekly-report-of-share-buyback-January-30-01-2023-42848858/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230130,GEVELOT S.A.: Weekly report of share buyback January 30 01 2023,(marketscreener.com) GEVELOT S.A.GEVELOT S.A.: Weekly report of share buyback January 30 01 2023 30-Jan-2023 / 18:00 CET/CESTDissemination of a French Regulatory News  transmitted by EQS Group.The issuer is solely responsible for the content of this …,GEVELOT S.A.GEVELOT S.A.: Weekly report of share buyback January 30 01 202330-Jan-2023 / 18:00 CET/CESTDissemination of a French Regulatory News  transmitted by EQS Group.The issuer is solely responsible for the content of this announcement.GEVELOT Société Anonyme au capital de 26 932 500 euros Siège Social : 6  boulevard Bineau 92300 LEVALLOIS-PERRET 562 088 542 R.C.S. NANTERRE _________________________ Levallois  le 30 janvier 2023 Déclaration hebdomadaire des transactions sur actions propres du 20 au 29 janvier 2023 (ISIN : FR0000033888) Nom de l'émetteur Code Identifiant de l'émetteur Jour de la transaction Code identifiant de l'instrument financier Volume total journalier (en nombre d'actions) Prix pondéré moyen journalier d'acquisition des actions Marché GEVELOT 969500EWBEGIDU4SVC87 25/01/2023 FR0000033888 27 190 0000 XPAR Ces transactions n’ont pas donné lieu à l’utilisation d’instruments dérivés. Dépôt : Site internet Gévelot ; Euronext Growth Regulatory filing PDF fileFile: Weekly report of share buyback January 30 01 2023,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['GEVELOT S.A.', 'Weekly report', 'share buyback', 'Euronext Growth Regulatory filing PDF file File', '26 932 500 euros Siège Social', 'R.C.S. NANTERRE', 'GEVELOT Société Anonyme', 'instruments dérivés', 'French Regulatory News', 'GEVELOT S.A.', 'Dépôt', 'instrument financier Volume', 'émetteur Code Identifiant', 'Déclaration', 'Marché GEVELOT', 'Weekly report', 'share buyback', 'EQS Group', 'boulevard Bineau', 'moyen journalier', 'Site internet', 'Gévelot', '18:00 CET', 'CEST', 'Dissemination', 'issuer', 'content', 'announcement', 'capital', 'LEVALLOIS-PERRET', '30 janvier', 'transactions', '29 janvier', 'Nom', 'Prix', 'acquisition', 'lieu', 'utilisation', '20']",2023-01-30,2023-01-30,marketscreener.com
17395,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/01/30/2597527/0/en/Stellantis-Announces-2023-Corporate-Calendar.html,Stellantis Announces 2023 Corporate Calendar,Stellantis Announces 2023 Corporate Calendar  AMSTERDAM  January 30  2023 - Stellantis N.V. announced today the following corporate calendar for 2023(1):...,Stellantis Announces 2023 Corporate CalendarAMSTERDAM  January 30  2023 - Stellantis N.V. announced today the following corporate calendar for 2023(1):February 22  2023 Full Year 2022 ResultsMay 3  2023 Q1 2023 Shipments and RevenuesJuly 27  2023 First Half 2023 ResultsOctober 31  2023 Q3 2023 Shipments and RevenuesA webcast and conference call hosted by Stellantis are also planned on each of the above dates. The webcasts of the presentations  as well as the related materials  will be accessible under the Investors section of the Stellantis corporate website at www.stellantis.com.The Annual General Meeting for the approval of Stellantis N.V.’s 2022 financial statements is scheduled for April 13  2023(2).The 2023 corporate calendar is available on the corporate website at www.stellantis.com.###About StellantisStellantis N.V. (NYSE / MTA / Euronext Paris: STLA) is one of the world's leading automakers and a mobility provider. Its storied and iconic brands embody the passion of their visionary founders and today’s customers in their innovative products and services  including Abarth  Alfa Romeo  Chrysler  Citroën  Dodge  DS Automobiles  Fiat  Jeep ®   Lancia  Maserati  Opel  Peugeot  Ram  Vauxhall  Free2move and Leasys. Powered by our diversity  we lead the way the world moves – aspiring to become the greatest sustainable mobility tech company  not the biggest  while creating added value for all stakeholders as well as the communities in which it operates. For more information  visit www.stellantis.com.@Stellantis Stellantis Stellantis StellantisFor more information  contact:Fernão SILVEIRA +31 6 43 25 43 41 – fernao.silveira@stellantis.comcommunications@stellantis.comwww.stellantis.comAttachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.0,True,English,"['2023 Corporate Calendar', 'Stellantis', 'greatest sustainable mobility tech company', 'The Annual General Meeting', 'Full Year 2022 Results', 'First Half 2023 Results', 'Fernão SILVEIRA', 'following corporate calendar', 'Stellantis N.V.', 'Stellantis corporate website', 'mobility provider', 'Citroën', '2023 Corporate Calendar', 'conference call', 'above dates', 'related materials', 'Investors section', '2022 financial statements', 'Euronext Paris', 'leading automakers', 'iconic brands', 'visionary founders', 'innovative products', 'Alfa Romeo', 'DS Automobiles', 'Stellantis Stellantis', 'AMSTERDAM', 'January', 'February', 'Shipments', 'Revenues', 'July', 'October', 'webcast', 'presentations', 'approval', 'April', 'NYSE', 'MTA', 'STLA', 'world', 'storied', 'passion', 'customers', 'services', 'Abarth', 'Chrysler', 'Dodge', 'Fiat', 'Jeep', 'Lancia', 'Maserati', 'Opel', 'Peugeot', 'Ram', 'Vauxhall', 'Free2move', 'Leasys', 'diversity', 'way', 'value', 'stakeholders', 'communities', 'information', 'fernao', 'communications', 'Attachment']",2023-01-30,2023-01-30,globenewswire.com
17396,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/01/30/2597850/0/en/Total-number-of-shares-and-voting-rights-in-the-share-capital-as-of-December-31-2022.html,Total number of shares and voting rights in the share capital as of December 31  2022,Total number of shares and voting rights in the share capital as of December 31  2022 (Articles L. 233-8 (II) of the French Commercial Code and 223-16 of the General Regulations of the French Financial Markets Authority),Voltalia is an international player in the renewable energy sector. The Group produces and sells electricity generated from wind  solar  hydraulic  biomass and storage facilities that it owns and operates. Voltalia has generating capacity in operation and under construction of more than 2.6 GW and a portfolio of projects under development representing total capacity of 13.6 GW.Voltalia is also a service provider and supports its investor clients in renewable energy projects during all phases  from design to operation and maintenance.As a pioneer in the corporate market  Voltalia provides a global offer to private companies  ranging from the supply of green electricity and energy efficiency services to the local production of their own electricity.The Group has more than 1 550 employees and is present in 20 countries on 3 continents and is able to act worldwide on behalf of its clients.Voltalia is listed on the regulated market of Euronext Paris  compartment B (FR0011995588 – VLTSA) and is part of the Enternext Tech 40 and CAC Mid & Small indices. The Group is also included in the Gaïa-Index  an index for socially responsible midcaps.,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['Total number', 'voting rights', 'share capital', 'shares', 'December', 'renewable energy sector', 'energy efficiency services', 'renewable energy projects', 'international player', 'The Group', 'hydraulic, biomass', 'storage facilities', 'generating capacity', 'total capacity', 'service provider', 'corporate market', 'global offer', 'private companies', 'local production', 'regulated market', 'Euronext Paris', 'Enternext Tech', 'CAC Mid', 'Small indices', 'Gaïa-Index', 'responsible midcaps', 'investor clients', 'green electricity', 'Voltalia', 'operation', 'construction', '2.6 GW', 'portfolio', 'development', '13.6 GW', 'phases', 'design', 'maintenance', 'pioneer', 'supply', '1,550 employees', '20 countries', '3 continents', 'behalf', 'compartment', 'VLTSA']",2023-01-30,2023-01-30,globenewswire.com
17397,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/FL-ENTERTAINMENT-N-V-140214435/news/FL-Entertainment-Weekly-share-transactions-42849214/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230130,FL Entertainment: Weekly share transactions,(marketscreener.com) Press Release Paris – January 30th  2023 Share Transactions Disclosure FL Entertainment N.V. declares the following transactions made on its own shares from January 23rd to January 27th  2023 in accordance with the authorization given by …,Press ReleaseParis – January 30th  2023Share Transactions DisclosureFL Entertainment N.V. (894500G73K46H93RF180) declares the following transactions made on its own shares (NL0015000X07) from January 23rd to January 27th  2023 in accordance with the authorization given by the shareholder’s annual meeting on June 30  2022.Trade Date Side Total Daily Volume (Number of Shares) Average Price Amount of Transactions Market Identification Code 2023-01-23 SELL 50 8.850000 442.50 XAMS 2023-01-24 BUY 103 8.849126 911.46 XAMS 2023-01-25 BUY 332 8.800572 2 921.79 XAMS 2023-01-26 BUY 65 8.750000 568.75 XAMS 2023-01-27 BUY 100 8.720000 872.00 XAMSThe disclosure of all share transactions was made publicly available and can be consulted on the company’s website (https://fl-entertainment.com/) under the section «Investor Relations».AgendaFY 2022 results: 16 March 2023Investor RelationsCaroline Cohen – Phone: +33 1 44 95 23 34 – c.cohen@flentertainment.comPress RelationsAnne-France Malrieu - afmalrieu@image7.frAbout FL EntertainmentFounded by Stéphane Courbit  a 30-year entertainment industry pioneer and entrepreneur  FL Entertainment Group is a global leader in multimedia content and gambling  combining the strengths of Banijay  the world’s largest independent producer distributor  with Betclic Everest Group  the fastest-growing online sports betting platform in Europe. In 2021  FL Entertainment recorded through Banijay and Betclic Everest Group  a combined revenue  and adjusted EBITDA  of €3.5bn and €609m respectively. FL Entertainment listed on Euronext Amsterdam in July 2022.ISIN: NL0015000X07 - Bloomberg: FLE NA - Reuters: FLE.ASAttachment,neutral,0.05,0.95,0.0,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,True,English,"['FL Entertainment', 'transactions', 'Trade Date Side Total Daily Volume', 'growing online sports betting platform', 'largest independent producer distributor', 'Transactions Market Identification Code', '30-year entertainment industry pioneer', 'FL Entertainment N.V.', 'Average Price Amount', 'Stéphane Courbit', 'Betclic Everest Group', 'FLE.AS Attachment', 'FL Entertainment Group', 'Share Transactions Disclosure', 'following transactions', 'FLE NA', 'Press Release', 'annual meeting', 'Investor Relations', 'FY 2022 results', 'Press Relations', 'Anne-France Malrieu', 'global leader', 'multimedia content', 'combined revenue', 'adjusted EBITDA', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'Caroline Cohen', 'Paris', 'January', 'shares', 'accordance', 'authorization', 'shareholder', 'June', 'Number', 'SELL', 'XAMS', 'BUY', 'company', 'website', 'section', 'Agenda', '16 March', 'Phone', 'image', 'strengths', 'Banijay', 'world', 'Europe', 'July', 'ISIN', 'Bloomberg', 'Reuters']",2023-01-30,2023-01-30,marketscreener.com
17398,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/MEDIASET-ESPA-A-COMUNICAC-140661/news/Mediaset-Espa-a-Comunicaci-n-S-A-Proposal-of-crossborder-merger-by-absorption-of-Mediaset-Espa-a-w-42849638/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230130,Mediaset España Comunicación S A : Proposal of crossborder merger by absorption of Mediaset España with and into MFE-MEDIAFOREUROPE,(marketscreener.com)    TO THE NATIONAL SECURITIES MARKET COMMISSION   In accordance with the provisions of Article 226 of the Consolidated Text of the Securities Market Act  approved by Royal Legislative Decree 4/2015 of 23 October  and enacting regula…,"JOINT ANNOUNCEMENTThe Boards of Directors of MFE-MEDIAFOREUROPE N.V. (1) (""MFE"") and Mediaset España Comunicación  S.A. (2) (""MES"" and  together with MFE  the ""Merging Companies"") on the date hereof have drawn up and signed the common cross-border merger plan (the ""Common Cross- Border Merger Plan"") for the cross-border merger by absorption of MES (as absorbed company) with and into MFE (as absorbing company) (the ""Merger""). The General Shareholders' Meeting of each Merging Company that should approve the Merger will be called in due course and are expected to be held during the month of March 2023.In addition  the Board of Directors of MES drew up and signed on the date hereof the plan concerning the segregation (segregación)  under Spanish law  by MES of all of its assets and liabilities (except for part of MES' cash and all its shareholding in ProSiebenSat.1 Media SE and the financial transactions relating to such shareholding) to Grupo Audiovisual Mediaset España Comunicación  S.A. (""GA Mediaset"")  a Spanish wholly-owned direct subsidiary of MES  in exchange for the allotment to MES of all the new shares in GA Mediaset that will be issued as a consequence of its share capital increase serving the segregation (the ""Preliminary Reorganisation"").This Preliminary Reorganisation -aimed at maintaining all the operations and business activities of MES in Spain- will be carried out in parallel to the Merger and is envisaged to be completed prior to the date on which the Merger will be effective.Purpose of the MergerFrom a strategic  operational and industrial perspective  the Merger is aimed at strategically and operationally integrating the Merging Companies  which  until now  have been operating autonomously in their respective territorial areas  resulting in the creation of a pan-European media and entertainment group which  while maintaining its leading position in its domestic markets  will acquire a superior competitive dimension and the potential to expand into certain countries throughout Europe. Combined sustainable capital structure and strong cash flow generation profile would provide MFE with the required firepower to play a pivotal role in the context of a possible future consolidation scenario in the European video media industry.(1) MFE-MEDIAFOREUROPE N.V. is a public company (naamloze vennootschap) existing under the laws of the Netherlands  with its corporate seat in Amsterdam (the Netherlands) and its registered office and principal place of business at Viale Europa 46  20093 Cologno Monzese (Italy)  registered with the Dutch Commercial Register (Kamer van Koophandel) under number 83956859. MFE is resident for tax purposes in Italy and its legal entity identification (LEI) code is 213800DIFN7NR7B97A50. MFE is controlled by Fininvest S.p.A. (""Fininvest""). The current issued share capital of MFE amounts to EUR 800 313 280.5 and is divided into a total number of 2 707 506 599 shares  of which 1 526 279 035 are ordinary shares ""A"" (ISIN code NL0015000MZ1 nominal value EUR 0.06 each and granting 1 voting right - ""MFE Shares A"") and 1 181 227 564 ordinary shares ""B"" (ISIN code NL0015000N09  nominal value EUR 0.6 each and granting 10 voting rights - ""MFE Shares B""). MFE Shares A and MFE Shares B are both listed on the Italian regulated market Euronext Milan  managed and organised by Borsa Italiana S.p.A. (""Euronext Milan"").(2) Mediaset España Comunicación  S.A. is a public limited company (sociedad anónima) incorporated under the laws of Spain  with its registered office at Carretera de Fuencarral a Alcobendas 4  28049 Madrid (Spain)  registered with the Commercial Registry of Madrid (Registro Mercantil de Madrid) under volume 33 442  sheet 122  section 8  page M-93 306  and with Spanish tax identification number A-79075438. MES legal entity identification (LEI) code is 95980020140005021479. MES is controlled by MFE that holds 259 666 591 MES shares representing 82.92% of MES' issued share capital. The current issued share capital of MES amounts to EUR 156 583 072 and is divided into 313 166 144 ordinary shares (ISIN ES0152503035  nominal value EUR 0.50 each). MES shares are listed on the Madrid  Barcelona  Bilbao and Valencia Stock Exchanges through the Spanish Automated Quotation System (Sistema de Interconexión Bursátil - Mercado Continuo) (the ""Spanish Stock Exchanges"").",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.03,0.97,0.0,True,English,"['Mediaset España Comunicación S A', 'crossborder merger', 'Proposal', 'MFE-MEDIAFOREUROPE', 'Grupo Audiovisual Mediaset España Comunicación', 'strong cash flow generation profile', 'Italian regulated market Euronext Milan', 'Borsa Italiana S.p.A.', 'Common Cross- Border Merger Plan', 'Interconexión Bursátil', ""The General Shareholders' Meeting"", 'possible future consolidation scenario', 'European video media industry', 'Spanish Automated Quotation System', 'Fininvest S.p.A.', 'common cross-border merger plan', 'Spanish tax identification number', 'MFE-MEDIAFOREUROPE N.V.', 'legal entity identification', 'ProSiebenSat.1 Media SE', 'respective territorial areas', 'superior competitive dimension', 'Kamer van Koophandel', 'sociedad anónima', 'Valencia Stock Exchanges', 'Spanish Stock Exchanges', 'Carretera de Fuencarral', 'Registro Mercantil de', 'Dutch Commercial Register', 'sustainable capital structure', 'share capital increase', 'public limited company', 'MFE Shares A', 'S.A.', 'MFE Shares B', 'GA Mediaset', 'segregación', 'pan-European media', 'tax purposes', 'Spanish law', 'Sistema de', 'public company', 'Commercial Registry', 'total number', 'JOINT ANNOUNCEMENT', 'Merging Companies', 'absorbing company', 'Merging Company', 'due course', 'financial transactions', 'new shares', 'Preliminary Reorganisation', 'strategic, operational', 'industrial perspective', 'entertainment group', 'leading position', 'domestic markets', 'pivotal role', 'naamloze vennootschap', 'corporate seat', 'registered office', 'principal place', 'Viale Europa', 'Cologno Monzese', 'ordinary shares', 'nominal value', '1 voting right', '10 voting rights', '259,666,591 MES shares', 'ISIN ES0152503035', 'Mercado Continuo', 'ISIN code', 'business activities', 'LEI) code', '2,707,506,599 shares', 'Boards', 'Directors', 'date', 'month', 'March', 'addition', 'segregation', 'assets', 'liabilities', 'part', 'shareholding', 'allotment', 'consequence', 'operations', 'Spain', 'parallel', 'creation', 'potential', 'countries', 'firepower', 'context', 'laws', 'Netherlands', 'Amsterdam', 'Italy', 'current', 'Alcobendas', '28049 Madrid', 'volume', 'sheet', 'section', 'page', 'Barcelona', 'Bilbao']",2023-01-30,2023-01-30,marketscreener.com
17399,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/EURONAV-NV-5984/news/Euronav-Update-on-Arbitration-42843522/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230130,Euronav : Update on Arbitration,(marketscreener.com)   Update on Arbitration      30 Jan 2023 08:00 CET    Subscribe     Issuer   EURONAV      UPDATE ON ARBITRATION   ANTWERP  Belgium  January 30  2023 - Euronav NV ...https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/E…,"Update on ArbitrationUPDATE ON ARBITRATIONANTWERP  Belgium  January 30  2023 - Euronav NV (""EURN"" or ""Euronav"") (NYSE: EURN & Euronext: EURN) hereby informs its shareholders that on 28 January 2023 it has filed an application request for arbitration on the merits in relation to Frontline's (NYSE: FRO & OSE: FRO) unilateral action in pursuing the termination of the combination agreement of July 10  2022.This request on the merits follows the request for emergency arbitration that was announced by the Company's press release dated 17 January. A judgment in the pending emergency arbitration proceedings is expected on 7 February 2023.Following recent acquisitions of additional shares by Famatown Finance Limited (as disclosed on Euronav's website)  Frontline plc  Famatown Finance Limited  Hemen Holding Limited and Geveran Trading Co. Limited. could be qualified as a related party in the meaning of IAS24. As a precautionary measure the Supervisory Board has therefore taken the decision in relation to the filing of the request for arbitration on the merits against Frontline plc  Famatown Finance Limited  Hemen Holding Limited and Geveran Trading Co. Limited in accordance with the procedure provided for in article 7:116 of the Belgian Code of Companies and Associations.Euronav has assessed that Frontline's unilateral action in pursuing the termination of the combination agreement has no basis under the terms of the combination agreement and that Frontline failed to provide a satisfactory reason for its decision to pursue termination. After careful consideration  the Supervisory Board  entirely composed of independent directors  has considered that this decision is in the corporate benefit of Euronav. In accordance with article 7:116 of the Belgian Code of Companies and Associations Euronav's auditor is of the opinion that ""on the basis of our review nothing has come to our attention that would lead us to be of the opinion that the financial and accounting information mentioned in the advice of the Committee of independent members of the Supervisory Board of 26 January 2023 and in the minutes of the Supervisory Board of 26 January 2023  which justifies the envisaged action  are not in all material aspects  true and consistent with the information in our possession in the context of our assignment"".Euronav continues to communicate and maintain a constructive dialogue with its shareholders and will update the market in accordance with applicable regulations.Contact: Contact: Brian Gallagher - Head of IR Communications & Management Board member Tel: +44 20 78 70 04 36 Email: IR@euronav.comAnnouncement Q4 2022 results: 2 February 2023About Euronav NVEuronav is an independent tanker company engaged in the ocean transportation and storage of crude oil. The company is headquartered in Antwerp  Belgium  and has offices throughout Europe and Asia. Euronav is listed on Euronext Brussels and on the NYSE under the symbol EURN. Euronav employs its fleet both on the spot and period market. VLCCs on the spot market are traded in the Tankers International pool of which Euronav is one of the major partners. Euronav's owned and operated fleet consists of 1 V-Plus vessel  40 VLCCs (with further two under construction)  22 Suezmaxes (with a further five under construction) and 2 FSO vessels under long term contract.Forward-Looking StatementsMatters discussed in this press release may constitute forward-looking statements. The Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 provides safe harbor protections for forwardlooking statements in order to encourage companies to provide prospective information about their business. Forward-looking statements include statements concerning plans  objectives  goals  strategies  future events or performance  and underlying assumptions and other statements  which are other than statements of historical facts. The Company desires to take advantage of the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 and is including this cautionary statement in connection with this safe harbor legislation. The words ""believe""  ""anticipate""  ""intends""  ""estimate""  ""forecast""  ""project""  ""plan""  ""potential""  ""may""  ""should""  ""expect""  ""pending"" and similar expressions identify forward-looking statements.The forward-looking statements in this press release are based upon various assumptions  many of which are based  in turn  upon further assumptions  including without limitation  our management's examination of historical operating trends  data contained in our records and other data available from third parties. Although we believe that these assumptions were reasonable when made  because these assumptions are inherently subject to significant uncertainties and contingencies which are difficult or impossible to predict and are beyond our control  we cannot assure you that we will achieve or accomplish these expectations  beliefs or projections.In addition to these important factors  other important factors that  in our view  could cause actual results to differ materially from those discussed in the forward-looking statements include the failure of counterparties to fully perform their contracts with us  the strength of world economies and currencies  general market conditions  including fluctuations in charter rates and vessel values  changes in demand for tanker vessel capacity  changes in our operating expenses  including bunker prices  dry-docking and insurance costs  the market for our vessels  availability of financing and refinancing  charter counterparty performance  ability to obtain financing and comply with covenants in such financing arrangements  changes in governmental rules and regulations or actions taken by regulatory authorities  potential liability from pending or future litigation  general domestic and international political conditions  potential disruption of shipping routes due to accidents or political events  vessels breakdowns and instances of off-hires and other factors. Please see our filings with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission for a more complete discussion of these and other risks and uncertainties.eurn-pr-arbitration-30-01-2023.pdf",neutral,0.02,0.97,0.0,mixed,0.31,0.18,0.51,True,English,"['Euronav', 'Update', 'Arbitration', 'The Private Securities Litigation Reform Act', 'Geveran Trading Co. Limited', 'pending emergency arbitration proceedings', 'Famatown Finance Limited', 'Hemen Holding Limited', 'Tankers International pool', 'long term contract', 'safe harbor protections', 'safe harbor provisions', 'safe harbor legislation', 'Announcement Q4 2022 results', 'historical operating trends', 'other important factors', 'Management Board member', 'independent tanker company', 'The Company', 'historical facts', 'actual results', 'independent directors', 'independent members', 'Supervisory Board', 'other statements', 'combination agreement', 'press release', 'recent acquisitions', 'additional shares', 'related party', 'precautionary measure', 'Belgian Code', 'satisfactory reason', 'careful consideration', 'corporate benefit', 'material aspects', 'constructive dialogue', 'applicable regulations', 'Brian Gallagher', 'ocean transportation', 'crude oil', 'major partners', '1 V-Plus vessel', '2 FSO vessels', 'future events', 'cautionary statement', 'similar expressions', 'third parties', 'significant uncertainties', 'other data', 'Forward-Looking Statements', 'forwardlooking statements', 'unilateral action', 'accounting information', 'period market', 'prospective information', 'IR Communications', 'Euronext Brussels', 'Frontline plc', 'underlying assumptions', 'various assumptions', 'application request', 'spot market', 'Euronav NV', 'Update', 'Belgium', 'NYSE', 'EURN', 'shareholders', '28 January', 'merits', 'relation', 'OSE', 'termination', 'July', 'judgment', '7 February', 'website', 'meaning', 'IAS24', 'decision', 'filing', 'accordance', 'procedure', 'article', 'Companies', 'Associations', 'basis', 'terms', 'auditor', 'opinion', 'review', 'attention', 'financial', 'advice', 'Committee', '26 January', 'minutes', 'possession', 'context', 'assignment', 'Contact', 'Head', 'Tel', 'Email', '2 February', 'storage', 'Antwerp', 'offices', 'Europe', 'Asia', 'symbol', 'fleet', 'VLCCs', 'construction', '22 Suezmaxes', 'Matters', 'order', 'business', 'plans', 'objectives', 'goals', 'strategies', 'performance', 'advantage', 'connection', 'words', 'forecast', 'project', 'turn', 'limitation', 'examination', 'records', 'contingencies', 'control', 'expectations', 'beliefs', '44']",2023-01-30,2023-01-30,marketscreener.com
17400,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/01/30/2597543/0/en/VEON-s-Scheme-approved-by-Court.html,VEON’s Scheme approved by Court,VEON Ltd. and VEON Holdings B.V.      VEON’s Scheme approved by Court       Amsterdam  Netherlands  30 January 2023 14:15 CET: VEON Ltd. (NASDAQ ......,VEON Ltd. and VEON Holdings B.V.VEON’s Scheme approved by CourtAmsterdam  Netherlands  30 January 2023 14:15 CET: VEON Ltd. (NASDAQ  Euronext Amsterdam: VEON)  a global digital operator that provides converged connectivity and online services  and its subsidiary  VEON Holdings B.V. (the “Company”)  are pleased to announce that  further to the announcement issued on 26 January 2023 regarding the Scheme Sanction Hearing  the Court has today made an order sanctioning the Scheme in respect of the Company’s 2023 Notes (the “Order”).In addition  the Company confirms that it has received confirmation from HM Revenue & Customs that the Order is not subject to stamp duty  and VEON Ltd. and VEON Amsterdam B.V. have executed the VEON Deed Poll.The Order will take effect when delivered to the Registrar of Companies. Following this  the Scheme will become effective in accordance with its terms and will bind the Company and all Scheme Creditors. This will include  among other things  the imposition of the Scheme Standstill  which will restrict 2023 Noteholders (and other Scheme Creditors) from taking Enforcement Action (and other related actions) in accordance with the terms described in the Scheme  as summarised in the Explanatory Statement issued by the Company on 21 December 2022  as amended on 11 January 2023.Notwithstanding the sanctioning of the Scheme by the Court  the Amendments will only become effective if and when each of the Amendment Conditions has been satisfied or waived (in accordance with the Scheme). This includes the receipt by the Company of certain licences  and/or confirmations that no such licences are required  as set out in the Explanatory Statement (in the event that the Company determines  in its absolute discretion  that it requires such licences or confirmations).Capitalised terms used but not defined in this announcement have the meaning given to them in the Explanatory Statement  which is available to the Scheme Creditors on the Scheme Website at https://deals.is.kroll.com/veon .VEON Group CEO Kaan Terzioglu commented: “We welcome the approval of the scheme by Court which we believe is in the best interest of all stakeholders. This provides our Group with additional financial flexibility and time to conclude the sale of our Russian business.”About VEONVEON is a global digital operator that currently provides converged connectivity and online services to over 200 million customers in seven dynamic markets. We are transforming people’s lives  empowering individuals  creating opportunities for greater digital inclusion and driving economic growth across countries that are home to more than 8% of the world’s population. Headquartered in Amsterdam  VEON is listed on NASDAQ and Euronext.For more information visit: https://www.veon.com .Important NoticeThis release is for informational purposes only and shall not constitute a prospectus or an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy securities in the United States or any other jurisdiction  nor shall there be any offer of securities in any jurisdiction in which such offer  solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under applicable securities laws.This press release is not a prospectus for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129.This communication or information contained herein is not an offer  or an invitation to make offers  to sell  exchange or otherwise transfer securities in the Russian Federation to or for the benefit of any Russian person or entity and does not constitute an advertisement or offering of securities in the Russian Federation within the meaning of Russian securities laws.Elements of this press release contain or may contain “inside information” as defined under the Market Abuse Regulation (EU) No. 596/2014.DisclaimerThis release contains “forward-looking statements ” as the phrase is defined in Section 27A of the U.S. Securities Act of 1933  as amended  and Section 21E of the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934  as amended. Forward-looking statements are not historical facts  and are inherently subject to risks and uncertainties  many of which VEON cannot predict with accuracy and some of which VEON might not even anticipate. The forward-looking statements contained in this release speak only as of the date of this release. VEON disclaims any obligation to update them or to announce publicly any revision to any of the forward-looking statements contained in this release  or to make corrections to reflect future events or developments.Any steps taken in respect of the Scheme and in connection with the Amendments must be in compliance with all applicable sanctions laws and regulations  including the sanctions laws and regulations administered by the European Union  the United Kingdom and the United States  and including securing any necessary licences and approvals from competent sanctions authorities.Contact InformationVEONGroup Director Investor RelationsNik Kershawbonds@veon.com,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,mixed,0.19,0.14,0.67,True,English,"['VEON', 'Scheme', 'Court', 'U.S. Securities Exchange Act', 'VEON Group Director Investor Relations', 'U.S. Securities Act', 'VEON Holdings B.V.', 'VEON Amsterdam B.V.', 'global digital operator', 'additional financial flexibility', 'seven dynamic markets', 'greater digital inclusion', 'competent sanctions authorities', 'other related actions', 'applicable sanctions laws', 'applicable securities laws', 'VEON Deed Poll', 'VEON Group CEO', 'Market Abuse Regulation', 'Scheme Sanction Hearing', 'Russian securities laws', 'other Scheme Creditors', 'other things', 'Russian business', 'Russian Federation', 'Russian person', 'VEON Ltd', 'converged connectivity', 'online services', 'HM Revenue', 'Enforcement Action', 'Explanatory Statement', 'Amendment Conditions', 'absolute discretion', 'Kaan Terzioglu', 'best interest', '200 million customers', 'economic growth', 'Important Notice', 'United States', 'other jurisdiction', 'forward-looking statements', 'historical facts', 'future events', 'European Union', 'United Kingdom', 'Nik Kershaw', 'Scheme Standstill', 'Scheme Website', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'informational purposes', 'inside information', 'Contact Information', 'Capitalised terms', 'press release', 'necessary licences', 'Court', 'Netherlands', 'CET', 'NASDAQ', 'subsidiary', 'Company', 'announcement', '26 January', 'order', 'respect', '2023 Notes', 'confirmation', 'Customs', 'stamp', 'duty', 'effect', 'Registrar', 'Companies', 'accordance', '2023 Noteholders', '21 December', '11 January', 'sanctioning', 'Amendments', 'receipt', 'meaning', 'approval', 'stakeholders', 'time', 'sale', 'people', 'lives', 'individuals', 'opportunities', 'countries', 'world', 'population', 'prospectus', 'offer', 'solicitation', 'registration', 'qualification', 'communication', 'invitation', 'benefit', 'entity', 'advertisement', 'Elements', 'Disclaimer', 'phrase', 'Section', 'risks', 'uncertainties', 'accuracy', 'date', 'obligation', 'revision', 'corrections', 'developments', 'steps', 'connection', 'compliance', 'regulations', 'bonds', '30']",2023-01-30,2023-01-30,globenewswire.com
17401,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/SOCIETE-GENERALE-4702/news/Societe-Generale-Information-regarding-executed-transactions-within-the-framework-of-a-share-buybac-42848743/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230130,Societe Generale: Information regarding executed transactions within the framework of a share buyback program (outside the liquidity agreement),(marketscreener.com)  INFORMATION REGARDING EXECUTED TRANSACTIONS WITHIN THE FRAMEWORK OF A SHARE BUYBACK PROGRAM Regulated Information Paris  30th January 2023 No 596/2014 on Market Abuse Regulation and Article 3 of Delegated Regulation 2016/1052 supplement…,INFORMATION REGARDING EXECUTED TRANSACTIONS WITHIN THE FRAMEWORK OF A SHARE BUYBACK PROGRAM (OUTSIDE THE LIQUIDITY AGREEMENT)Regulated InformationParis  30th January 2023(In accordance with Article 5 of Regulation (EU) No 596/2014 on Market Abuse Regulation and Article 3(3) of Delegated Regulation (EU) 2016/1052 supplementing Regulation (EU) No 596/2014 through regulatory technical standards concerning the conditions applicable to buyback programs and stabilization measures)Societe Generale launched  on 16 December 2022  an additional share buyback program of 2 707 207 Societe Generale shares in order to cover and honor the free shares allocation for the benefit of employees and Group executive directors.Societe Generale received all necessary authorizations from supervisory authorities. These buybacks will be carried out in compliance with the authorizations provided by the General Meeting of 17th May 2022  in particular regarding the maximum price  as well as in accordance with the Market Abuse Regulation. They will be performed on the trading platforms on which Societe Generale shares are listed for trading or are traded  including the regulated market of Euronext Paris.The liquidity contract concluded with Rothschild has also temporarily been suspended throughout the buyback period.Issuer name: Societe Generale - LEI O2RNE8IBXP4R0TD8PU41Reference of the financial instrument: ISIN FR0000130809Period: From 23 to 27 January 2023Purchases performed by Societe Generale during the periodAggregated presentation by day and marketIssuer name Issuer code (LEI) Transaction date ISIN Code Daily total volume (in number of shares) Daily weighted average price of shares acquired Platform SOCIETE GENERALE O2RNE8IBXP4R0TD8PU41 24/01/2023 FR0000130809 11 518 24 6980 XPAR SOCIETE GENERALE O2RNE8IBXP4R0TD8PU41 25/01/2023 FR0000130809 40 336 24 7893 XPAR TOTAL 51 854 24 7690Detailed presentation by transactionThe detailed presentation by transaction is available within the Chapter 6 Description of the buyback programs  reports on share buyback and statements on the liquidity agreement:Regulated Information – Societe Generale (societegenerale.com)Press contact:Jean-Baptiste Froville_+33 1 58 98 68 00_ jean-baptiste.froville@socgen.comFanny Rouby_+33 1 57 29 11 12_ fanny.rouby@socgen.comSociete GeneraleSociete Generale is one of the leading European financial services groups. Based on a diversified and integrated banking model  the Group combines financial strength and proven expertise in innovation with a strategy of sustainable growth. Committed to the positive transformations of the world’s societies and economies  Societe Generale and its teams seek to build  day after day  together with its clients  a better and sustainable future through responsible and innovative financial solutions.Active in the real economy for over 150 years  with a solid position in Europe and connected to the rest of the world  Societe Generale has over 117 000 members of staff in 66 countries and supports on a daily basis 25 million individual clients  businesses and institutional investors around the world by offering a wide range of advisory services and tailored financial solutions. The Group is built on three complementary core businesses:French Retail Banking with the SG bank  resulting from the merger of the two Societe Generale and Crédit du Nord networks  and Boursorama. Each offers a full range of financial services with omnichannel products at the cutting edge of digital innovation;International Retail Banking  Insurance and Financial Services  with networks in Africa  Central and Eastern Europe and specialised businesses that are leaders in their markets;with networks in Africa  Central and Eastern Europe and specialised businesses that are leaders in their markets; Global Banking and Investor Solutions  which offers recognised expertise  key international locations and integrated solutions.Societe Generale is included in the principal socially responsible investment indices: DJSI (Europe)  FTSE4Good (Global and Europe)  Bloomberg Gender-Equality Index  Refinitiv Diversity and Inclusion Index  Euronext Vigeo (Europe and Eurozone)  STOXX Global ESG Leaders indexes  and the MSCI Low Carbon Leaders Index (World and Europe).In case of doubt regarding the authenticity of this press release  please go to the end of Societe Generale’s newsroom page where official Press Releases sent by Societe Generale can be certified using blockchain technology. A link will allow you to check the document’s legitimacy directly on the web page.For more information  you can follow us on Twitter @societegenerale or visit our website societegenerale.com.Attachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.45,0.54,True,English,"['share buyback program', 'Societe Generale', 'liquidity agreement', 'Information', 'transactions', 'framework', 'Crédit du Nord networks', 'MSCI Low Carbon Leaders Index', 'leading European financial services groups', 'socially responsible investment indices', 'three complementary core businesses', 'Daily weighted average price', 'Global ESG Leaders indexes', 'additional share buyback program', 'Issuer name Issuer code', 'Platform SOCIETE GENERALE O2RNE8IBXP4R0TD8PU41', 'Bloomberg Gender-Equality Index', 'regulatory technical standards', 'key international locations', 'French Retail Banking', 'International Retail Banking', 'Daily total volume', 'official Press Releases', 'integrated banking model', 'innovative financial solutions', 'tailored financial solutions', 'free shares allocation', 'Group executive directors', '25 million individual clients', 'two Societe Generale', 'Market Abuse Regulation', '2,707,207 Societe Generale shares', 'Inclusion Index', 'Global Banking', 'maximum price', 'daily basis', 'integrated solutions', 'advisory services', 'financial instrument', 'financial strength', 'buyback programs', 'LEI O2RNE8IBXP4R0TD8PU41', 'ISIN Code', 'XPAR TOTAL', 'Investor Solutions', 'Press contact', 'specialised businesses', 'EXECUTED TRANSACTIONS', 'LIQUIDITY AGREEMENT', 'Delegated Regulation', 'stabilization measures', 'supervisory authorities', 'General Meeting', '17th May', 'liquidity contract', 'proven expertise', 'sustainable growth', 'positive transformations', 'sustainable future', 'real economy', 'solid position', 'institutional investors', 'wide range', 'SG bank', 'full range', 'omnichannel products', 'cutting edge', 'recognised expertise', 'Refinitiv Diversity', 'Euronext Vigeo', 'newsroom page', 'blockchain technology', 'web page', 'buyback period', 'Detailed presentation', 'Regulated Information', 'necessary authorizations', 'trading platforms', 'Euronext Paris', 'Jean-Baptiste Froville', 'Fanny Rouby', 'digital innovation', 'Transaction date', 'The Group', 'Eastern Europe', 'FRAMEWORK', '30th', 'Article', 'conditions', '16 December', 'order', 'benefit', 'employees', 'buybacks', 'compliance', 'accordance', 'Rothschild', 'Reference', '27 January', 'Purchases', 'day', 'number', 'Chapter', 'Description', 'reports', 'statements', 'socgen', 'diversified', 'strategy', 'world', 'societies', 'economies', 'teams', '150 years', 'rest', '117,000 members', 'staff', '66 countries', 'merger', 'Boursorama', 'Insurance', 'Africa', 'Central', 'markets', 'DJSI', 'FTSE4Good', 'Eurozone', 'case', 'doubt', 'authenticity', 'link', 'document', 'legitimacy', 'Twitter', 'societegenerale', 'website', 'Attachment', '23']",2023-01-30,2023-01-30,marketscreener.com
17402,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/WAVESTONE-45568714/news/Wavestone-2022-23-nine-month-revenue-grows-by-11-Confirmation-of-annual-objectives-42848934/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230130,Wavestone :  2022/23 nine-month revenue grows by +11% - Confirmation of annual objectives,(marketscreener.com)  RevenueIn €m - unaudited consolidated data2022/232021/22ChangeChange at constant scope* and on a constant forex basis Q1122.0115.2+6%+3% Q2115.1102.6+12%+5% Q3139.1122.3+14%+6%9-month total376.2340.2+…,"RevenueIn €m - unaudited consolidated data 2022/23 2021/22 Change Change at constant scope* and on a constant forex basis Q1 122.0 115.2 +6% +3% Q2 115.1 102.6 +12% +5% Q3 139.1 122.3 +14% +6% 9-month total 376.2 340.2 +11% +5%* Excluding Everest Group consulting  consolidated since 05/01/2021; why innovation!  consolidated since 11/01/2021; NewVantage Partners  consolidated since 01/01/2022; Nomadéis  consolidated since 04/01/2022; PEN Partnership  consolidated since 08/01/2022; and Coeus Consulting  consolidated since 10/01/2022.Revenue growth of +14% in Q3 2022/23 – equivalent to +6% organic growthIn Q3 of the 2022/23 fiscal year (October 1 to December 31  2022)  Wavestone generated consolidated revenue of €139.1m  an increase of +14% compared with Q3 of the previous fiscal year.Q3 2022/23 benefited from the consolidation of the UK consulting firm Coeus Consulting since October 1  2022  which follows the consolidations of Nomadéis since April 1  2022  and PEN Partnership since August 1  2022.On a constant scope and forex basis  quarterly revenue growth was +6%. The working day impact was negative over the past quarter – standing at -1.6%.At the end of the first nine months of the fiscal year  Wavestone's consolidated revenue amounted to €376.2m  an increase of +11% – equivalent to +5% at constant scope and on a constant forex basis (working day impact -1.0%).Solid growth in sales prices and a consultant utilization rate of 74% over the nine monthsThe consultant utilization rate fell in Q3  due to the arrival of numerous employees since September. Over nine months  the rate stood at 74%  compared with 75% for the first half of the fiscal year.The average daily rate (ADR) reached €886 over the nine months – an increase of +4% compared with the average sales price for the whole of the previous fiscal year (€854). Sales prices have thus continued to rise  in particular due to the integration of PEN Partnership and Coeus Consulting  which contributed +€10 to the ADR over the period. At constant exchange rates  the ADR stood at €879  up +3%.On the sales side  order intake was solid at the end of the calendar year  as is typically the case at this period. The firm's order book stood at 4.0 months of work at December 31  2022 (3.7 months at the end of September 2022).Annual recruitment plan target exceeded; staff turnover reducingWavestone has maintained a sustained pace of recruitment and now expects to significantly exceed its annual plan of 1 000 gross hires in 2022/23.Staff turnover has slowed down over the quarter. At the end of December  it stood at 17% on a rolling12-month basis  compared with 19% at the mid-point of the fiscal year. Even if this trend is positive  the firm wants to remain cautious about the evolution of turnover over the coming quarters.At December 31  2022  Wavestone had 4 198 employees  including 126 from the mergers with Nomadéis PEN Partnership and Coeus Consulting  compared with 3 864 at September 30  and 3 732 at the end of March(the end of the 2021/22 fiscal year).Confirmation of 2022/23 annual objectives; less buoyant business environment in 2023Q3 did not see any major changes  either in operational indicators or business development dynamics.The start of 2023 is marked by a market that is less buoyant overall  with clients being more cautious in the face of deteriorating economic indicators. The environment also remains less than favorable in France's public sector. While this backdrop is impacting demand in some business sectors (manufacturing  insurance  and the public sector)  others  such as banking  energy  and the luxury sector continue to offer attractive business development opportunities.The firm remains confident about its continued pursuit of growth in the coming months  and is maintaining intense business development activity targeted at the best-placed sectors.At the end of the first nine months of the fiscal year  the firm confirms its annual objectives for 2022/23:to achieve consolidated revenue of over €525m  taking into account the consolidation of PEN Partnership and Coeus Consulting  and to achieve an EBIT margin of about 15% over the fiscal year.On external growth  Wavestone intends to pursue its policy of targeted acquisitions  giving priority to the US but without ruling out tactical purchases elsewhere.Next event: publication of Q4 2022/23 revenue: Thursday  April 27  2023  after Euronext market closing.About WavestoneIn a world where knowing how to drive transformation is the key to success  Wavestone's mission is to inform and guide large organizations in their most critical transformations  with the ambition of a positive outcome for all stakeholders. This ambition is anchored in the firm's DNA and summarized in its signature approach –""The Positive Way.""Wavestone brings together more than 4 000 employees in Europe  in the United States and in Asia.Wavestone is listed on Euronext Paris and recognized as a Great Place to Work®.WavestonePascal ImbertCEOTel.: +33 (0)1 49 03 20 00Justine BROSSETFinancial CommunicationTel.: +33 (0)1 49 03 20 00 ActusMathieu OmnesInvestor and Analyst RelationsTel.: +33 (0)1 53 67 36 92Deborah SchwartzPress relationsTel.: +33 (0)1 53 67 36 35This publication embed ""🔒 Actusnews SECURITY MASTER "".- SECURITY MASTER Key: lmlwlceYapyUlnGbaZpoa2lnamlkx5Wcm2ecnJSelsuWnXCSmm5pasieZnBpl2xp- Check this key: https://www.security-master-key.com.Regulated information:Inside Information:- other releases Full and original press release in PDF: https://www.actusnews.com/news/78273-2022-12-402-ca-communique-ca-t3-202223-en.pdfReceive by email the next press releases of the company by registering on www.actusnews.com  it's free© 2023 ActusNews",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.33,0.11,0.56,True,English,"['2022/23 nine-month revenue', 'annual objectives', 'Wavestone', 'Confirmation', 'attractive business development opportunities', 'intense business development activity', 'less buoyant business environment', 'Annual recruitment plan target', 'business development dynamics', 'Pascal Imbert CEO', 'consultant utilization rate', 'average daily rate', 'constant exchange rates', 'The Positive Way', 'Everest Group consulting', 'average sales price', '2022/23 annual objectives', 'working day impact', '2022/23 fiscal year', 'previous fiscal year', '2021/22 fiscal year', 'constant forex basis', 'Euronext market closing', 'first nine months', 'quarterly revenue growth', 'UK consulting firm', 'annual plan', 'business sectors', 'first half', 'constant scope', '12-month basis', 'positive outcome', 'Euronext Paris', 'calendar year', 'Coeus Consulting', 'sales prices', 'sales side', 'coming months', 'consolidated data', 'Change Change', '9-month total', 'NewVantage Partners', 'Nomadéis', 'PEN Partnership', '+6% organic growth', 'Solid growth', 'order intake', 'order book', 'sustained pace', '1,000 gross hires', 'coming quarters', 'major changes', 'operational indicators', 'economic indicators', 'public sector', 'luxury sector', 'continued pursuit', 'EBIT margin', 'external growth', 'targeted acquisitions', 'tactical purchases', 'Next event', 'large organizations', 'critical transformations', 'signature approach', 'United States', 'Great Place', 'Justine BROSSET', 'consolidated revenue', 'staff turnover', 'past quarter', 'numerous employees', '4.0 months', '4,198 employees', '4,000 employees', 'Q1', 'Q2', 'Q3', '05/01', 'innovation', '11/01', '01/01', '04/01', '08/01', '10/01', 'October', 'December', 'Wavestone', 'increase', 'consolidation', 'April', 'August', 'arrival', 'September', 'ADR', 'integration', 'period', 'case', 'rolling', 'mid-point', 'trend', 'evolution', 'mergers', 'March', 'Confirmation', 'start', 'clients', 'face', 'deteriorating', 'France', 'backdrop', 'demand', 'manufacturing', 'insurance', 'others', 'banking', 'energy', 'account', 'policy', 'priority', 'publication', 'Q4', 'Thursday', 'world', 'key', 'success', 'mission', 'ambition', 'stakeholders', 'DNA', 'Europe', 'Asia', 'Tel.', 'Financia', '33', '1 49']",2023-01-30,2023-01-30,marketscreener.com
17403,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/EURONAV-NV-5984/news/Euronav-UPDATE-ON-ARBITRATION-Form-6-K-42849570/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230130,Euronav : UPDATE ON ARBITRATION - Form 6-K,(marketscreener.com)   UPDATE ON ARBITRATION   ANTWERP  Belgium  January 30  2023 - Euronav NV hereby informs its shareholders that on 28 January 2023 it has filed an application request for arbitration on the merits in relation to Frontline's unilateral…,"UPDATE ON ARBITRATIONANTWERP  Belgium  January 30  2023 - Euronav NV (""EURN"" or ""Euronav"") (NYSE: EURN & Euronext: EURN) hereby informs its shareholders that on 28 January 2023 it has filed an application request for arbitration on the merits in relation to Frontline's (NYSE: FRO & OSE: FRO) unilateral action in pursuing the termination of the combination agreement of July 10  2022.This request on the merits follows the request for emergency arbitration that was announced by the Company's press release dated 17 January. A judgment in the pending emergency arbitration proceedings is expected on 7 February 2023.Following recent acquisitions of additional shares by Famatown Finance Limited (as disclosed on Euronav's website)  Frontline plc  Famatown Finance Limited  Hemen Holding Limited and Geveran Trading Co. Limited. could be qualified as a related party in the meaning of IAS24. As a precautionary measure the Supervisory Board has therefore taken the decision in relation to the filing of the request for arbitration on the merits against Frontline plc  Famatown Finance Limited  Hemen Holding Limited and Geveran Trading Co. Limited in accordance with the procedure provided for in article 7:116 of the Belgian Code of Companies and Associations.Euronav has assessed that Frontline's unilateral action in pursuing the termination of the combination agreement has no basis under the terms of the combination agreement and that Frontline failed to provide a satisfactory reason for its decision to pursue termination. After careful consideration  the Supervisory Board  entirely composed of independent directors  has considered that this decision is in the corporate benefit of Euronav. In accordance with article 7:116 of the Belgian Code of Companies and Associations Euronav's auditor is of the opinion that ""on the basis of our review nothing has come to our attention that would lead us to be of the opinion that the financial and accounting information mentioned in the advice of the Committee of independent members of the Supervisory Board of 26 January 2023 and in the minutes of the Supervisory Board of 26 January 2023  which justifies the envisaged action  are not in all material aspects  true and consistent with the information in our possession in the context of our assignment"".Euronav continues to communicate and maintain a constructive dialogue with its shareholders and will update the market in accordance with applicable regulations.Contact:Contact: Brian Gallagher - Head of IR Communications & Management Board memberTel: +44 20 78 70 04 36Email: IR@euronav.com",neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,mixed,0.38,0.11,0.51,True,English,"['Euronav', 'UPDATE', 'ARBITRATION', 'Form', 'Geveran Trading Co. Limited', 'pending emergency arbitration proceedings', 'Famatown Finance Limited', 'Hemen Holding Limited', 'Management Board member', 'Supervisory Board', 'combination agreement', 'press release', 'recent acquisitions', 'additional shares', 'related party', 'precautionary measure', 'Belgian Code', 'satisfactory reason', 'careful consideration', 'independent directors', 'corporate benefit', 'independent members', 'material aspects', 'constructive dialogue', 'applicable regulations', 'Brian Gallagher', 'unilateral action', 'accounting information', 'IR Communications', 'Frontline plc', 'application request', 'Euronav NV', 'UPDATE', 'Belgium', 'NYSE', 'Euronext', 'EURN', 'shareholders', '28 January', 'merits', 'relation', 'OSE', 'termination', 'July', 'Company', 'judgment', '7 February', 'website', 'meaning', 'IAS24', 'decision', 'filing', 'accordance', 'procedure', 'article', 'Companies', 'Associations', 'basis', 'terms', 'auditor', 'opinion', 'review', 'attention', 'financial', 'advice', 'Committee', '26 January', 'minutes', 'possession', 'context', 'assignment', 'market', 'Contact', 'Head', 'Tel', 'Email', '44']",2023-01-30,2023-01-30,marketscreener.com
17404,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/BEACONSMIND-AG-118892242/news/beaconsmind-AG-Coffee-House-Chain-in-India-Relies-on-beaconsmind-Solution-for-Expansion-42843176/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230130,beaconsmind AG: Coffee House Chain in India Relies on beaconsmind Solution for Expansion,(marketscreener.com) Regulatory News:beaconsmind AG   a leading SaaS provider in the field of location-based marketing & analytics  has gained one of the fastest growing coffee house chains as a new customer in the growth region of India. In this way  the …,"Regulatory News:beaconsmind AG (ISIN: CH0451123589 – Ticker: MLBMD)  a leading SaaS provider in the field of location-based marketing (LBM) & analytics  has gained one of the fastest growing coffee house chains as a new customer in the growth region of India. In this way  the high demand for the innovative location-based marketing solutions from beaconsmind continues. The coffee house chain currently operates cafes in ten cities and aims to increase the number of cafes to around 300 in over 20 cities.By using the beaconsmind Suite software in conjunction with the app from the coffee house chain  the company is opening up new individualised marketing and communication channels. Thanks to the combination of digital data and data from the high-street shops  the coffee house chain can provide customers with personalised offers at all touchpoints and in this way further improve the customer experience. The company’s own app offers app users numerous benefits  loyalty and subscription programmes as well as current offers. In addition  users can use the app to purchase coffee  roasting supplies such as coffee bags and merchandising  reload their loyalty cards for payment and register for various events and courses. The company's app already has tens of thousands of registered users.Max Weiland  CEO of beaconsmind: ""India is one of the growth regions defined by us for beaconsmind. We are looking forward to accompanying one of the fastest growing coffee house chains on their growth path and to creating new momentum for the company's future development together. Retailers in India are currently investing heavily in new technologies and shop infrastructure. Experts predict that the market volume in the retail sector will increase to around USD 1.5 trillion by 2030. For us  this results in highly attractive growth opportunities in the field of LBM solutions. We are  therefore  confident about our development in in this interesting growth market.”About beaconsmindFounded in 2015 in Switzerland  beaconsmind AG is a pioneer in the field of location-based marketing (LBM) software for retail chains. By fitting stores with Bluetooth beacons that precisely locate and identify customers  and by integrating its Software Suite  beaconsmind opens a brand-new channel for retailers to interact with their customers. Thanks to its solution  retailers can converge digital and physical shopping and address the convenience gaps of each. The shares of the company (ISIN: CH0451123589 – Ticker: MLBMD) are listed on the Frankfurt Stock Exchange with XETRA trading and on Euronext in Paris.For more information  please visit www.beaconsmind.comView source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20230129005005/en/",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,positive,0.77,0.23,0.0,True,English,"['Coffee House Chain', 'beaconsmind Solution', 'AG', 'India', 'Expansion', 'fastest growing coffee house chains', 'innovative location-based marketing solutions', 'leading SaaS provider', 'Frankfurt Stock Exchange', 'attractive growth opportunities', 'new individualised marketing', 'interesting growth market', 'beaconsmind Suite software', 'retail chains', 'coffee bags', 'Software Suite', 'LBM solutions', 'market volume', 'growth region', 'growth path', 'new customer', 'new momentum', 'new technologies', 'Regulatory News', 'high demand', 'communication channels', 'high-street shops', 'personalised offers', 'customer experience', 'numerous benefits', 'subscription programmes', 'current offers', 'various events', 'Max Weiland', 'shop infrastructure', 'retail sector', 'LBM) software', 'Bluetooth beacons', 'brand-new channel', 'physical shopping', 'convenience gaps', 'XETRA trading', 'source version', 'registered users', 'ten cities', 'loyalty cards', 'future development', 'beaconsmind AG', 'digital data', 'app users', '20 cities', 'Ticker', 'MLBMD', 'field', 'analytics', 'India', 'way', 'cafes', 'number', 'conjunction', 'company', 'combination', 'customers', 'touchpoints', 'addition', 'supplies', 'merchandising', 'payment', 'courses', 'tens', 'thousands', 'CEO', 'Retailers', 'Experts', 'Switzerland', 'pioneer', 'stores', 'shares', 'Euronext', 'Paris', 'information', 'businesswire']",2023-01-30,2023-01-30,marketscreener.com
17405,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/OLYMPIQUE-LYONNAIS-GROUPE-42519/news/Olympique-Lyonnais-Groupe-Malo-Gusto-transferred-to-Chelsea-remains-on-loan-to-OL-until-30-Ju-42848574/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230130,Olympique Lyonnais Groupe :  Malo Gusto transferred to Chelsea  remains on loan to OL until 30 June 2023 - Romain Faivre loaned to Lorient and Camilo to Molenbeek - Mateus Tetê to join Leicester,(marketscreener.com)  Malo Gusto transferred to Chelsea  remains on loan to OL until 30 June 2023Romain Faivre loaned to Lorient and Camilo to MolenbeekMateus Tetê to join LeicesterLyon  30 January 2023Olympique Lyonnais has transferred its U21 internat…,"Malo Gusto transferred to Chelsea  remains on loan to OL until 30 June 2023Romain Faivre loaned to Lorient and Camilo to MolenbeekMateus Tetê to join LeicesterLyon  30 January 2023Olympique Lyonnais has transferred its U21 international fullback Malo Gusto to English club Chelsea for a total of €35 million  including bonuses of €5 million spread over the duration of the player's contract.Before joining the London-based club  currently in 10th place in the English Premier League  Malo will remain on loan to Olympique Lyonnais until the end of the 2022/23 season.Malo joined OL at the age of 14. After successfully completing each phase of his training  he signed his first professional contract in December 2020 and made his first appearance in a Ligue 1 match against Saint Etienne in January 2021. The now 19-year-old native of Décines has since established a place for himself on the right side of the pitch and has appeared in 77 matches for OL  all competitions combined.Olympique Lyonnais is sorry it was unable to keep one of its potential stars  trained at the OL Academy  but is pleased it can still count on him for the second half of the current season.Romain Faivre has been loaned to the Lorient club until 30 June 2023 for €1 million  with no purchase option.Camilo Reijers de Oliveira has been loaned to Belgian club Molenbeek  with no purchase option  until the end of the season  i.e. until 30 June 2023. The Molenbeek club is a member of the Eagle Football group owned by John Textor and is currently in 2nd place in the Belgian second division championship.Lastly  Olympique Lyonnais has terminated the loan of Mateus Tetê  at the player's request. Mateus will join English club Leicester.Tel: +33 (0)4 81 07 55 00Fax: +33 (0)4 81 07 45 65Email: investisseurs@ol.frwww.ol.fr Euronext Paris - Segment CIndices: CAC Small – CAC Mid & Small – CAC All-Tradable – CAC All-Share – CAC Consumer DiscretionaryISIN code: FR0010428771Reuters: OLG.PABloomberg: OLG FPICB: 40501030 Recreational servicesThis publication embed ""🔒 Actusnews SECURITY MASTER "".- SECURITY MASTER Key: yGtsYpVslGmYl3JyaMlsb2WVb2uVlmaWmJfKxmWbk5+VmG+SmmmWZ8fGZnBpl2xq- Check this key: https://www.security-master-key.com.Regulated information:Inside Information:- other releases Full and original press release in PDF: https://www.actusnews.com/news/78274-olg-20230130-cp-transfert-prets-depart_en-002.pdfReceive by email the next press releases of the company by registering on www.actusnews.com  it's free© 2023 ActusNews",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.66,0.0,0.34,True,English,"['Olympique Lyonnais Groupe', 'Malo Gusto', 'Romain Faivre', 'Mateus Tetê', 'Chelsea', 'loan', '30 June', 'Lorient', 'Camilo', 'Molenbeek', 'Leicester', 'Camilo Reijers de Oliveira', 'Belgian second division championship', 'U21 international fullback', 'English Premier League', 'Eagle Football group', 'Segment C Indices', 'original press release', 'Belgian club Molenbeek', 'next press releases', 'The Molenbeek club', 'English club Chelsea', 'English club Leicester', 'first professional contract', 'SECURITY MASTER Key', 'Actusnews SECURITY MASTER', 'second half', 'London-based club', 'first appearance', 'other releases', 'Lorient club', 'Romain Faivre', 'Olympique Lyonnais', 'Ligue 1 match', 'Saint Etienne', '19-year-old native', 'Décines', 'right side', 'potential stars', 'purchase option', 'John Textor', 'Euronext Paris', 'ISIN code', 'OLG.PA', 'OLG FP', 'Recreational services', 'Regulated information', 'Inside Information', 'Mateus Tetê', '10th place', '2022/23 season', 'current season', '2nd place', 'Malo Gusto', 'CAC Consumer', 'OL Academy', 'loan', '30 June', '30 January', 'total', 'bonuses', 'duration', 'player', 'end', 'age', 'phase', 'training', 'December', 'pitch', '77 matches', 'competitions', 'member', 'request', 'Tel', 'Fax', 'Email', 'investisseurs', 'fr', 'Reuters', 'Bloomberg', 'ICB', 'publication', 'VmG', 'SmmmWZ8fGZnBpl2xq', 'PDF', 'cp-transfert', 'company', '4']",2023-01-30,2023-01-30,marketscreener.com
17406,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/PUBLIC-STORAGE-14115/news/Public-Storage-to-Release-Fourth-Quarter-2022-Earnings-Results-and-Host-Quarterly-Conference-Call-42849913/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230130,Public Storage to Release Fourth Quarter 2022 Earnings Results and Host Quarterly Conference Call,(marketscreener.com) Public Storage announced today it intends to release its fourth quarter 2022 earnings results after the market close on Tuesday  February 21  2023. A conference call is scheduled for Wednesday  February 22  2023  at 9:00 a.m. to discuss …,Public Storage (NYSE:PSA) announced today it intends to release its fourth quarter 2022 earnings results after the market close on Tuesday  February 21  2023. A conference call is scheduled for Wednesday  February 22  2023  at 9:00 a.m. (PST) to discuss these results.Live conference call Domestic dial-in number: (800) 274-8461 International dial-in number: (203) 518-9708 Conference ID: PSAQ422 Simultaneous audio webcast link: PublicStorage.com  under “About Us  Investor Relations  News and Events  Event Calendar” Conference call replay Domestic dial-in number: (800) 934-3638 International dial-in number: (402) 220-1150 Webcast link: PublicStorage.com  under “About Us  Investor Relations  News and Events  Event Calendar” Date accessible through: March 1  2023Company InformationPublic Storage  a member of the S&P 500 and FT Global 500  is a REIT that primarily acquires  develops  owns  and operates self-storage facilities. At September 30  2022  we had: (i) interests in 2 836 self-storage facilities located in 40 states with approximately 202 million net rentable square feet in the United States and (ii) a 35% common equity interest in Shurgard Self-Storage SA (Euronext Brussels:SHUR)  which owned 259 self-storage facilities located in seven Western European nations with approximately 14 million net rentable square feet operated under the Shurgard® brand. Our headquarters are located in Glendale  California.Additional information about Public Storage is available on the Company’s website at PublicStorage.com.View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20230129005017/en/,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,True,English,"['Fourth Quarter 2022 Earnings Results', 'Host Quarterly Conference Call', 'Public Storage', '202 million net rentable square feet', '14 million net rentable square feet', 'PSAQ422 Simultaneous audio webcast link', 'seven Western European nations', 'fourth quarter 2022 earnings results', '35% common equity interest', 'Shurgard Self-Storage SA', 'Live conference call', 'Domestic dial-in number', 'Shurgard® brand', 'Conference ID', 'self-storage facilities', 'Public Storage', 'International dial', 'Investor Relations', 'Event Calendar', 'S&P 500', 'FT Global 500', 'Euronext Brussels', 'Additional information', 'source version', 'Company Information', 'United States', '40 states', 'NYSE', 'market', 'Tuesday', 'February', 'Wednesday', '9:00 a', 'PublicStorage', 'News', 'Events', 'Date', 'March', 'member', 'REIT', 'September', 'interests', 'headquarters', 'Glendale', 'California', 'website', 'businesswire']",2023-01-30,2023-01-30,marketscreener.com
17407,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/LUMIBIRD-5001/news/LUMIBIRD-FY-2022-REVENUES-OF-191M-18--42848741/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230130,LUMIBIRD: FY 2022 REVENUES OF 191M (+18%),(marketscreener.com) Lannion  30 March 2023 – 17:45 LUMIBIRD: FY 2022 REVENUES OF €191M Accelerated growth for both divisions during challenging global timesNew record in Q4 with revenues of €66m EBITDA margin expected between 18% and 19% in H2 2022  up signi…,Lannion  30 March 2023 – 17:45LUMIBIRD: FY 2022 REVENUES OF €191M (+18%)Accelerated growth for both divisions during challenging global timesNew record in Q4 with revenues of €66m (+32%)EBITDA margin expected between 18% and 19% in H2 2022  up significantly from H1 2022 (13.3%)2022 annual EBITDA estimated at €30-32m  lower than Group target in spite of the recovery in H2Organic growth and 2023 EBITDA margin target of 20-25% reaffirmedThe LUMIBIRD Group (FR0000038242 - LBIRD)  the European leader for laser technologies  recorded annual revenues of €191 million at 31 December 2022  up 18%  and +12% like-for-like1 and at constant exchange rates.Consolidated revenues (unaudited)Revenues (€m) 2022 2021 Reported change Change at constant scope and exch rates First quarter 38.0 33.8 +12% +11% Second quarter 46.0 41.7 +10% +7% Third quarter 40.9 37.2 +10% +4% Fourth quarter 66.0 49.8 +32% +22% 12 months 191.0 162.5 +18% +12% of which Photonics 93.5 76.3 +23% +13% Medical 97.5 86.2 +13% +11%2022 annual turnover up by +12% like-for-like and at constant currencyThe LUMIBIRD Group's consolidated annual turnover was €191m in 2022  evenly split between the Photonics (€93.5m  +22%) and Medical (€97.5m  +13%) divisions. On a like-for-like basis  annual growth is 12%. The impact of changes in the scope of consolidation is linked to the integration on 31 May of the Defense rangefinder activities of Lumibird Photonics Sweden (previously Saab)  which contributed €5.7m over the year. The annual exchange rate effect was positive and represented €3.7m  mainly due to the appreciation of the dollar over the period.The breakdown of annual sales by division and by geographical area is as follows:Revenues (M€) Photonics Var. Medical Var. EMEA 46.3 +38% 30.8 +5% Americas 18.2 +33% 30.6 +26% APAC 18.1 -3% 24.0 +11% Rest of the world 10.9 +4% 12.1 +12% Total 93.5 +23% 97.5 +13%Données non auditées par les commissaires aux comptesThe Photonics Division recorded strong growth in Europe (+38%) and the United States (+26%)  whilst sales declined slightly in China  where the zero COVID policy weighed on the economy.The Medical division was more resilient in Asia (+11%); it recorded dynamic growth in the United States (+18%) and limited growth (+5%) in Europe  which was affected by the conflict in Ukraine. Annual sales in Ophthalmology were delivered through direct sales (€50m  up 11%) and the distributor network (€47.4m  up 15%) channels.A record fourth quarter  at €66 million  up 32%.The Photonics division experienced the strongest growth in the last quarter  at +49% with a revenue of €35.3m. Defence/Space activities  notably supported by the integration of Lumibird Photonics Sweden  recorded €14.6m revenue in Q4 (+167%)  representing 49% of the €30.1m (+50%) annual revenue. The Industrial and Scientific business grew by 30% in Q4 to €11.1m  for an annual total of €37.4m (+10%). The Lidar business was stable at €9.6m in Q4 for a full year revenue of €26.0m (+16%). Lidar systems represented 34% of the Lidar business over the year and grew by 42%.The Medical division recorded stable seasonal growth throughout the year and closed the last quarter up 17% at €30.7m. The division's sales are split between Diagnostics (€8.6m in the last quarter and €23.8m for the full year  up 28%) and Treatment (€22.1m in the last quarter and €73.7m for the full year  up 9%).OutlookIn 2022  the group has implemented measures to combat supply chain and rising costs (high inflation) difficulties and invested in new sites (Göteborg  Courtabœuf  Lannion and Ljubljana) to increase production capacity from 2023 onwards to meet strong demand.Profitability has been regained in H2 with a H2 2022 EBITDA margin of between 18% and 19%  a partial recovery from the drop in profitability experienced in H1 2022  with an estimated annual 2022 EBITDA of between €30 and €32m.2In 2023  the Group confirms its objective to achieve organic revenue growth of 8-10% and an EBITDA margin in the range of 20% to 25%. The Group continues to be active on potential acquisition opportunities.Next dates:2022 FY results: 14 March 2023 (after close of trading)2023 Q1 revenues: 24 April 2023 (after close of trading)Annual general meeting: 28 April 2023  14h00 (Les Ulis)2023 H1 revenues: 24 July 2023 (after close of trading)H1 results: 26 September 2023 (after close of trading)LUMIBIRD is one of the world's leading specialists in lasers. With 50 years of experience and a mastering of solid state laser  laser diodes and fiber laser technologies  the Group designs  manufactures and markets high performance lasers for scientific (laboratories and universities)  industrial (manufacturing  defense  Lidar sensors) and medical (ophthalmology  ultrasound diagnostic) markets.Born from the combination of Keopsys Group with Quantel in October 2017  LUMIBIRD has more than 940 employees and over €162 million of consolidated revenues in 2021 and is present in Europe  America and Asia.LUMIBIRD shares are listed on the Euronext Paris B Compartment. FR0000038242 – LBIRD www.lumibird.comSince 2022  LUMIBIRD is part of Euronext Tech LeadersContactsLUMIBIRDMarc Le FlohicChairman and CEOTel. +33(0) 1 69 29 17 00info@lumibird.com LUMIBIRDAude Nomblot-GourhandSecretary General – CFOTel. +33(0) 1 69 29 17 00info@lumibird.com CalyptusMathieu CalleuxInvestors RelationsTel. +33(0) 1 53 65 37 91lumibird@calyptus.net1 Adjusted for the impact of Lumibird Photonics Sweden: €5.7m in 20222 The information provided has not been audited as the audit work is ongoing.Attachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.19,0.2,0.61,True,English,"['LUMIBIRD', 'FY', 'REVENUES', 'Euronext Paris B Compartment', 'annual exchange rate effect', 'challenging global times', 'zero COVID policy', 'high inflation) difficulties', 'potential acquisition opportunities', 'ultrasound diagnostic) markets', 'solid state laser', 'constant exchange rates', 'Annual general meeting', 'stable seasonal growth', 'fiber laser technologies', 'high performance lasers', 'Defense rangefinder activities', 'Lumibird Photonics Sweden', 'The Photonics Division', 'The Lidar business', '2023 EBITDA margin target', 'The Medical division', 'record fourth quarter', 'organic revenue growth', 'The LUMIBIRD Group', 'H2 2022 EBITDA margin', 'full year revenue', 'Organic growth', 'The Group', '2022 annual EBITDA', 'annual 2022 EBITDA', 'New record', 'exch rates', 'Defence/Space activities', 'laser diodes', 'annual growth', 'annual revenue', 'Group target', 'constant currency', 'Photonics Var', 'The Industrial', '2022 annual turnover', 'Lidar systems', 'Lidar sensors', 'Accelerated growth', 'strong growth', 'dynamic growth', 'limited growth', 'strongest growth', '€14.6m revenue', 'LUMIBIRD shares', 'First quarter', 'Second quarter', 'Third quarter', 'last quarter', 'European leader', 'geographical area', 'Medical Var.', 'Données', 'commissaires aux', 'United States', 'distributor network', 'supply chain', 'rising costs', 'new sites', 'Göteborg', 'Courtabœuf', 'production capacity', 'strong demand', 'Next dates', 'Les Ulis', 'leading specialists', 'Keopsys Group', 'annual sales', 'constant scope', 'Scientific business', 'annual total', 'direct sales', 'Consolidated revenues', '2023 Q1 revenues', 'partial recovery', '2022 FY results', 'H1 results', 'medical (ophthalmology', '2023 H1 revenues', 'Lannion', '30 March', 'divisions', 'Q4', 'spite', 'LBIRD', '31 December', '12 months', 'basis', 'impact', 'changes', 'consolidation', 'integration', '31 May', 'Saab', 'appreciation', 'dollar', 'period', 'breakdown', 'EMEA', 'Americas', 'Rest', 'world', 'comptes', 'China', 'economy', 'Asia', 'conflict', 'Ukraine', 'channels', 'Diagnostics', 'Treatment', 'Outlook', 'measures', 'Ljubljana', 'Profitability', 'drop', 'objective', '14 March', 'close', 'trading', '24 April', '28 April', '50 years', 'experience', 'mastering', 'laboratories', 'universities', 'manufacturing', 'combination', 'Quantel', 'October', '940 employees', '26']",2023-01-30,2023-01-30,marketscreener.com
17408,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/01/30/2597839/0/en/LUMIBIRD-FY-2022-REVENUES-OF-191M-18.html,LUMIBIRD: FY 2022 REVENUES OF €191M (+18%),Lannion  30 March 2023 – 17:45  LUMIBIRD: FY 2022 REVENUES OF €191M (+18%)  Accelerated growth for both divisions during challenging global timesNew...,English FrenchLannion  30 March 2023 – 17:45LUMIBIRD: FY 2022 REVENUES OF €191M (+18%)Accelerated growth for both divisions during challenging global timesNew record in Q4 with revenues of €66m (+32%)EBITDA margin expected between 18% and 19% in H2 2022  up significantly from H1 2022 (13.3%)2022 annual EBITDA estimated at €30-32m  lower than Group target in spite of the recovery in H2Organic growth and 2023 EBITDA margin target of 20-25% reaffirmedThe LUMIBIRD Group (FR0000038242 - LBIRD)  the European leader for laser technologies  recorded annual revenues of €191 million at 31 December 2022  up 18%  and +12% like-for-like1 and at constant exchange rates.Consolidated revenues (unaudited)Revenues (€m) 2022 2021 Reported change Change at constant scope and exch rates First quarter 38.0 33.8 +12% +11% Second quarter 46.0 41.7 +10% +7% Third quarter 40.9 37.2 +10% +4% Fourth quarter 66.0 49.8 +32% +22% 12 months 191.0 162.5 +18% +12% of which Photonics 93.5 76.3 +23% +13% Medical 97.5 86.2 +13% +11%2022 annual turnover up by +12% like-for-like and at constant currencyThe LUMIBIRD Group's consolidated annual turnover was €191m in 2022  evenly split between the Photonics (€93.5m  +22%) and Medical (€97.5m  +13%) divisions. On a like-for-like basis  annual growth is 12%. The impact of changes in the scope of consolidation is linked to the integration on 31 May of the Defense rangefinder activities of Lumibird Photonics Sweden (previously Saab)  which contributed €5.7m over the year. The annual exchange rate effect was positive and represented €3.7m  mainly due to the appreciation of the dollar over the period.The breakdown of annual sales by division and by geographical area is as follows:Revenues (M€) Photonics Var. Medical Var. EMEA 46.3 +38% 30.8 +5% Americas 18.2 +33% 30.6 +26% APAC 18.1 -3% 24.0 +11% Rest of the world 10.9 +4% 12.1 +12% Total 93.5 +23% 97.5 +13%Données non auditées par les commissaires aux comptesThe Photonics Division recorded strong growth in Europe (+38%) and the United States (+26%)  whilst sales declined slightly in China  where the zero COVID policy weighed on the economy.The Medical division was more resilient in Asia (+11%); it recorded dynamic growth in the United States (+18%) and limited growth (+5%) in Europe  which was affected by the conflict in Ukraine. Annual sales in Ophthalmology were delivered through direct sales (€50m  up 11%) and the distributor network (€47.4m  up 15%) channels.A record fourth quarter  at €66 million  up 32%.The Photonics division experienced the strongest growth in the last quarter  at +49% with a revenue of €35.3m. Defence/Space activities  notably supported by the integration of Lumibird Photonics Sweden  recorded €14.6m revenue in Q4 (+167%)  representing 49% of the €30.1m (+50%) annual revenue. The Industrial and Scientific business grew by 30% in Q4 to €11.1m  for an annual total of €37.4m (+10%). The Lidar business was stable at €9.6m in Q4 for a full year revenue of €26.0m (+16%). Lidar systems represented 34% of the Lidar business over the year and grew by 42%.The Medical division recorded stable seasonal growth throughout the year and closed the last quarter up 17% at €30.7m. The division's sales are split between Diagnostics (€8.6m in the last quarter and €23.8m for the full year  up 28%) and Treatment (€22.1m in the last quarter and €73.7m for the full year  up 9%).OutlookIn 2022  the group has implemented measures to combat supply chain and rising costs (high inflation) difficulties and invested in new sites (Göteborg  Courtabœuf  Lannion and Ljubljana) to increase production capacity from 2023 onwards to meet strong demand.Profitability has been regained in H2 with a H2 2022 EBITDA margin of between 18% and 19%  a partial recovery from the drop in profitability experienced in H1 2022  with an estimated annual 2022 EBITDA of between €30 and €32m.2In 2023  the Group confirms its objective to achieve organic revenue growth of 8-10% and an EBITDA margin in the range of 20% to 25%. The Group continues to be active on potential acquisition opportunities.Next dates:2022 FY results: 14 March 2023 (after close of trading)2023 Q1 revenues: 24 April 2023 (after close of trading)Annual general meeting: 28 April 2023  14h00 (Les Ulis)2023 H1 revenues: 24 July 2023 (after close of trading)H1 results: 26 September 2023 (after close of trading)LUMIBIRD is one of the world's leading specialists in lasers. With 50 years of experience and a mastering of solid state laser  laser diodes and fiber laser technologies  the Group designs  manufactures and markets high performance lasers for scientific (laboratories and universities)  industrial (manufacturing  defense  Lidar sensors) and medical (ophthalmology  ultrasound diagnostic) markets.Born from the combination of Keopsys Group with Quantel in October 2017  LUMIBIRD has more than 940 employees and over €162 million of consolidated revenues in 2021 and is present in Europe  America and Asia.LUMIBIRD shares are listed on the Euronext Paris B Compartment. FR0000038242 – LBIRD www.lumibird.comSince 2022  LUMIBIRD is part of Euronext Tech LeadersContactsLUMIBIRDMarc Le FlohicChairman and CEOTel. +33(0) 1 69 29 17 00info@lumibird.com LUMIBIRDAude Nomblot-GourhandSecretary General – CFOTel. +33(0) 1 69 29 17 00info@lumibird.com CalyptusMathieu CalleuxInvestors RelationsTel. +33(0) 1 53 65 37 91lumibird@calyptus.net1 Adjusted for the impact of Lumibird Photonics Sweden: €5.7m in 20222 The information provided has not been audited as the audit work is ongoing.Attachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.38,0.13,0.49,True,English,"['LUMIBIRD', 'FY', 'REVENUES', 'Euronext Paris B Compartment', 'annual exchange rate effect', 'challenging global times', 'zero COVID policy', 'high inflation) difficulties', 'potential acquisition opportunities', 'solid state laser', 'constant exchange rates', 'Annual general meeting', 'stable seasonal growth', 'English French Lannion', 'fiber laser technologies', 'high performance lasers', 'Defense rangefinder activities', 'Lumibird Photonics Sweden', 'The Photonics Division', 'The Lidar business', '2023 EBITDA margin target', 'The Medical division', 'record fourth quarter', 'organic revenue growth', 'The LUMIBIRD Group', 'H2 2022 EBITDA margin', 'full year revenue', 'Organic growth', 'The Group', '2022 annual EBITDA', 'annual 2022 EBITDA', 'New record', 'exch rates', 'Defence/Space activities', 'laser diodes', 'annual growth', 'annual revenue', 'Group target', 'constant currency', 'Photonics Var', 'The Industrial', '2022 annual turnover', 'Lidar systems', 'Lidar sensors', 'Accelerated growth', 'strong growth', 'dynamic growth', 'limited growth', 'strongest growth', '€14.6m revenue', 'LUMIBIRD shares', 'First quarter', 'Second quarter', 'Third quarter', 'last quarter', 'European leader', 'geographical area', 'Medical Var.', 'Données', 'United States', 'distributor network', 'supply chain', 'rising costs', 'new sites', 'Göteborg', 'Courtabœuf', 'production capacity', 'strong demand', 'Next dates', 'Les Ulis', 'leading specialists', 'ultrasound diagnostic', 'Keopsys Group', 'annual sales', 'constant scope', 'Scientific business', 'annual total', 'direct sales', 'Consolidated revenues', '2023 Q1 revenues', 'partial recovery', '2022 FY results', 'H1 results', 'medical (ophthalmology', '2023 H1 revenues', '30 March', 'divisions', 'Q4', 'spite', 'LBIRD', '31 December', '12 months', 'basis', 'impact', 'changes', 'consolidation', 'integration', '31 May', 'Saab', 'appreciation', 'dollar', 'period', 'breakdown', 'EMEA', 'Americas', 'Rest', 'world', 'commissaires', 'comptes', 'China', 'economy', 'Asia', 'conflict', 'Ukraine', 'channels', 'Diagnostics', 'Treatment', 'Outlook', 'measures', 'Ljubljana', 'Profitability', 'drop', 'objective', '14 March', 'close', 'trading', '24 April', '28 April', '50 years', 'experience', 'mastering', 'markets', 'laboratories', 'universities', 'manufacturing', 'combination', 'Quantel', 'October', '940 employees', '26']",2023-01-30,2023-01-30,globenewswire.com
17409,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/press-release-dupixent-dupilumab-approved-060000582.html,Press Release:  Dupixent® (dupilumab) approved by European Commission as the first and only targeted medicine indicated for eosinophilic esophagitis,Dupixent® (dupilumab) approved by European Commission as the first and only targeted medicine indicated for eosinophilic esophagitis Approximately 60% of...,"Sanofi - Aventis GroupeDupixent® (dupilumab) approved by European Commission as the first and only targeted medicine indicated for eosinophilic esophagitisApproximately 60% of patients aged 12 years and older treated with Dupixent 300 mg weekly in the pivotal trial experienced histological disease remission; patients also significantly improved their ability to swallow compared to placeboDupixent is now an option for the approximately 50 000 adults and adolescents living with severe uncontrolled eosinophilic esophagitis in the European Union (EU)Dupixent now approved to treat five diseases with underlying type 2 inflammation in the EUParis and Tarrytown  N.Y. Jan 30  2023. The European Commission (EC) has expanded the marketing authorization for Dupixent® (dupilumab) in the European Union (EU) to treat eosinophilic esophagitis (EoE) in adults and adolescents 12 years and older  weighing at least 40 kg  who are inadequately controlled by  are intolerant to  or who are not candidates for conventional medicinal therapy. EoE is a chronic  progressive inflammatory disease that damages the esophagus and prevents it from working properly. With this approval  Dupixent is the first and only targeted medicine specifically indicated to treat EoE in Europe and the U.S.Naimish Patel  M.D.Head of Global Development  Immunology and Inflammation at Sanofi“The impact of EoE on a patient’s daily life cannot be overstated – the narrowing and scarring of the esophagus can make something as simple as eating a painful and distressing experience  and may lead to choking and food impaction. With this latest approval for Dupixent  adults and adolescents in the EU suffering from the chronic and often debilitating symptoms of EoE now have the first and only targeted treatment option clinically proven to reduce both esophageal inflammation and damage  as well as improve swallowing ability  pain and health-related quality of life.”George D. Yancopoulos  M.D.  Ph.D.President and Chief Scientific Officer at Regeneron“This latest approval establishes Dupixent as the only targeted medicine specifically indicated for eosinophilic esophagitis in the European Union. Dupixent is also the only biologic shown in pivotal trials to help patients achieve histological remission  reduce difficulty swallowing and improve health-related quality of life – all of which are crucial to reducing the burden of this debilitating disease. Since its first approval  Dupixent has redefined the treatment of certain chronic diseases with underlying type 2 inflammation and is now indicated for five conditions in the European Union. We remain committed to investigating Dupixent’s potential in additional diseases in which IL-4 and IL-13 may play a key role.”Story continuesThe EC decision is supported by 52-week data from a Phase 3 trial consisting of three parts (Part A  B and C). Part A and Part B investigated Dupixent 300 mg weekly (Part A n=42; Part B n=80) compared to placebo (Part A n=39; Part B n=79) for 24 weeks. Part C (n=188) observed patients who had continued on or switched to Dupixent from Parts A and B for an additional 28 weeks.Dupixent patients in Parts A and B  respectively  experienced:An approximately 10 times higher rate of histological disease remission (60% and 59%)  a co-primary endpoint  compared to placebo (5% and 6%).A 69% and 64% reduction in disease symptoms compared to 32% and 41% with placebo. Disease symptoms were measured using the Dysphagia Symptom Questionnaire (DSQ)  on which Dupixent patients experienced a 21.9- and 23.8-point clinically meaningful improvement compared to a 9.6- and 13.9-point improvement for placebo  a co-primary endpoint. Swallowing improvement was observed as early as four weeks.A greater than seven-fold reduction in abnormal endoscopic findings from baseline (-3.2 and -4.5 points) compared to placebo (-0.3 and -0.6 points).Nominally significant improvements in swallowing-related pain and health-related quality of life  as well as less frequent non-swallowing symptoms.Histological disease remission  swallowing improvement and reduction in abnormal endoscopic findings were consistent with the overall population in patients who were uncontrolled  or not responsive to or not eligible for swallowed topical corticosteroids. Longer term efficacy in Part C was similar to results observed in Parts A and B.The safety results of the trial were generally consistent with the known safety profile of Dupixent in its approved indications. The most common side effects across indications include injection site reactions  conjunctivitis  conjunctivitis allergic  arthralgia  oral herpes and eosinophilia. Adverse events more commonly observed in EoE patients treated with Dupixent (n=122) compared to placebo (n=117) included infections (32% vs. 25%). An additional adverse reaction of injection site bruising was reported in the EoE trial. The safety profile through 52 weeks was generally consistent with the safety profile observed at 24 weeks.About Eosinophilic EsophagitisEoE is a chronic  progressive inflammatory disease that damages the esophagus and prevents it from working properly. The results seen with Dupixent in adults and adolescents with EoE demonstrate that interleukin-4 (IL-4) and interleukin-13 (IL-13) are key and central drivers of the type 2 inflammation underlying this disease. For people with EoE  swallowing even small amounts of food can be a painful and worrisome choking experience. They are often left to contend with the frustration and anxiety of a constantly evolving list of foods to avoid  a poor quality of life and a higher risk of depression. In cases where EoE causes the esophagus to narrow  forced and potentially painful dilation (physical expansion) of the esophagus may be needed. In severe cases  a feeding tube may be the only option to ensure proper caloric intake and adequate nutrition. In the EU  about 50 000 adults and adolescents live with severe uncontrolled EoE.About the Dupixent Eosinophilic Esophagitis TrialThe three-part Phase 3 randomized  double-blind  placebo-controlled trial evaluated the efficacy and safety of Dupixent in patients aged 12 years and older with EoE. All patients had previously not responded to proton pump inhibitors  and  across Parts A and B  74% of patients were previously treated with swallowed topical corticosteroids.At 24 weeks  the co-primary endpoints in Parts A and B assessed patient-reported measures of difficulty swallowing (change from baseline in the DSQ on a 0-84 scale) and esophageal inflammation (proportion of patients achieving histological disease remission  defined as peak esophageal intraepithelial eosinophil count of ≤6 eos/hpf).Additional endpoints included abnormal endoscopic findings (EoE Endoscopic Reference Score [EoE-EREFS] on a 0-18 scale)  swallowing-related pain (DSQ pain score)  health-related quality of life (EoE Impact Questionnaire [EoE-IQ]) and frequency of other non-dysphagia symptoms (EoE Symptom Questionnaire [EoE-SQ]).About DupixentDupixent is an injection administered under the skin (subcutaneous injection) at different injection sites. In the EU for adolescents and adults with EoE  Dupixent is administered at 300 mg every week. It is available as both a pre-filled pen and pre-filled syringe at the 300 mg dose. Dupixent is intended for use under the guidance of a healthcare professional and can be given in a clinic or at home by self-administration after training by a healthcare professional.Dupixent is a fully human monoclonal antibody that inhibits the signaling of the interleukin-4 (IL-4) and interleukin-13 (IL-13) pathways and is not an immunosuppressant. The Dupixent development program has shown significant clinical benefit and a decrease in type 2 inflammation in Phase 3 trials  establishing that IL-4 and IL-13 are key and central drivers of the type 2 inflammation that plays a major role in multiple related and often co-morbid diseases. These diseases include approved indications for Dupixent  such as atopic dermatitis  asthma  chronic rhinosinusitis with nasal polyposis (CRSwNP)  prurigo nodularis and EoE.Dupixent has received regulatory approvals in one or more countries around the world for use in certain patients with atopic dermatitis  asthma  CRSwNP  EoE or prurigo nodularis in different age populations. Dupixent is currently approved for one or more of these indications in more than 60 countries  including in Europe  the U.S. and Japan. More than 500 000 patients have been treated with Dupixent globally.Dupilumab Development ProgramDupilumab is being jointly developed by Sanofi and Regeneron under a global collaboration agreement. To date  dupilumab has been studied across more than 60 clinical trials involving more than 10 000 patients with various chronic diseases driven in part by type 2 inflammation.In addition to the currently approved indications  Sanofi and Regeneron are studying dupilumab in a broad range of diseases driven by type 2 inflammation or other allergic processes in Phase 3 trials  including pediatric EoE  hand and foot atopic dermatitis  chronic inducible urticaria-cold  chronic spontaneous urticaria  chronic pruritus of unknown origin  chronic obstructive pulmonary disease with evidence of type 2 inflammation  chronic rhinosinusitis without nasal polyposis  allergic fungal rhinosinusitis  allergic bronchopulmonary aspergillosis and bullous pemphigoid. These potential uses of dupilumab are currently under clinical investigation  and the safety and efficacy in these conditions have not been fully evaluated by any regulatory authority.About RegeneronRegeneron (NASDAQ: REGN) is a leading biotechnology company that invents  develops and commercializes life-transforming medicines for people with serious diseases. Founded and led for 35 years by physician-scientists  our unique ability to repeatedly and consistently translate science into medicine has led to nine FDA-approved treatments and numerous product candidates in development  almost all of which were homegrown in our laboratories. Our medicines and pipeline are designed to help patients with eye diseases  allergic and inflammatory diseases  cancer  cardiovascular and metabolic diseases  pain  hematologic conditions  infectious diseases and rare diseases.Regeneron is accelerating and improving the traditional drug development process through our proprietary VelociSuite® technologies  such as VelocImmune®  which uses unique genetically humanized mice to produce optimized fully human antibodies and bispecific antibodies  and through ambitious research initiatives such as the Regeneron Genetics Center  which is conducting one of the largest genetics sequencing efforts in the world.For more information  please visit www.Regeneron.com or follow @Regeneron on Twitter.About SanofiWe are an innovative global healthcare company  driven by one purpose: we chase the miracles of science to improve people’s lives. Our team  across some 100 countries  is dedicated to transforming the practice of medicine by working to turn the impossible into the possible. We provide potentially life-changing treatment options and life-saving vaccine protection to millions of people globally  while putting sustainability and social responsibility at the center of our ambitions.Sanofi is listed on EURONEXT: SAN and NASDAQ: SNYSanofi Media RelationsSally Bain | + 1 617 834 6026 | sally.bain@sanofi.comSanofi Investor RelationsEva Schaefer-Jansen | + 33 7 86 80 56 39 | eva.schaefer-jansen@sanofi.comArnaud Delépine | + 33 06 73 69 36 93 | arnaud.delepine@sanofi.comCorentine Driancourt | + 33 06 40 56 92 21 | corentine.driancourt@sanofi.comFelix Lauscher | + 1 908 612 7239 | felix.lauscher@sanofi.comPriya Nanduri |+ 1 617 764 6418 | priya.nanduri@sanofi.comNathalie Pham | + 33 07 85 93 30 17 | nathalie.pham@sanofi.comRegeneron Media RelationsIlana Yellen | + 1 914 330 9618 |ilana.yellen@regeneron.comRegeneron Investor RelationsVesna Tosic | + 914 847 5443 | vesna.tosic@regeneron.comSanofi Disclaimers or Forward-Looking StatementsThis press release contains forward-looking statements as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995  as amended. Forward-looking statements are statements that are not historical facts. These statements include projections and estimates regarding the marketing and other potential of the product  or regarding potential future revenues from the product. Forward-looking statements are generally identified by the words ""expects""  ""anticipates""  ""believes""  ""intends""  ""estimates""  ""plans"" and similar expressions. Although Sanofi's management believes that the expectations reflected in such forward-looking statements are reasonable  investors are cautioned that forward-looking information and statements are subject to various risks and uncertainties  many of which are difficult to predict and generally beyond the control of Sanofi  that could cause actual results and developments to differ materially from those expressed in  or implied or projected by  the forward-looking information and statements. These risks and uncertainties include among other things  unexpected regulatory actions or delays  or government regulation generally  that could affect the availability or commercial potential of the product  the fact that product may not be commercially successful  the uncertainties inherent in research and development  including future clinical data and analysis of existing clinical data relating to the product  including post marketing  unexpected safety  quality or manufacturing issues  competition in general  risks associated with intellectual property and any related future litigation and the ultimate outcome of such litigation  and volatile economic and market conditions  and the impact that COVID-19 will have on us  our customers  suppliers  vendors  and other business partners  and the financial condition of any one of them  as well as on our employees and on the global economy as a whole. Any material effect of COVID-19 on any of the foregoing could also adversely impact us. This situation is changing rapidly and additional impacts may arise of which we are not currently aware and may exacerbate other previously identified risks. The risks and uncertainties also include the uncertainties discussed or identified in the public filings with the SEC and the AMF made by Sanofi  including those listed under ""Risk Factors"" and ""Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements"" in Sanofi's annual report on Form 20-F for the year ended December 31  2021. Other than as required by applicable law  Sanofi does not undertake any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking information or statements.Regeneron Forward-Looking Statements and Use of Digital MediaThis press release includes forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties relating to future events and the future performance of Regeneron Pharmaceuticals  Inc. (“Regeneron” or the “Company”)  and actual events or results may differ materially from these forward-looking statements. Words such as “anticipate ” “expect ” “intend ” “plan ” “believe ” “seek ” “estimate ” variations of such words  and similar expressions are intended to identify such forward-looking statements  although not all forward-looking statements contain these identifying words. These statements concern  and these risks and uncertainties include  among others  the impact of SARS-CoV-2 (the virus that has caused the COVID-19 pandemic) on Regeneron’s business and its employees  collaborators  and suppliers and other third parties on which Regeneron relies  Regeneron’s and its collaborators’ ability to continue to conduct research and clinical programs  Regeneron’s ability to manage its supply chain  net product sales of products marketed or otherwise commercialized by Regeneron and/or its collaborators or licensees (collectively  “Regeneron’s Products”)  and the global economy; the nature  timing  and possible success and therapeutic applications of Regeneron’s Products and product candidates being developed by Regeneron and/or its collaborators or licensees (collectively  “Regeneron’s Product Candidates”) and research and clinical programs now underway or planned  including without limitation Dupixent® (dupilumab) for the treatment of adults and adolescents with eosinophilic esophagitis (“EoE”); uncertainty of the utilization  market acceptance  and commercial success of Regeneron’s Products and Regeneron’s Product Candidates and the impact of studies (whether conducted by Regeneron or others and whether mandated or voluntary)  including the studies discussed or referenced in this press release  on any of the foregoing; the likelihood  timing  and scope of possible regulatory approval and commercial launch of Regeneron’s Product Candidates and new indications for Regeneron’s Products  such as Dupixent for the treatment of pediatric EoE  hand and foot atopic dermatitis  chronic inducible urticaria-cold  chronic spontaneous urticaria  chronic pruritus of unknown origin  chronic obstructive pulmonary disease with evidence of type 2 inflammation  chronic rhinosinusitis without nasal polyposis  allergic fungal rhinosinusitis  bullous pemphigoid  and other potential indications; the ability of Regeneron’s collaborators  licensees  suppliers  or other third parties (as applicable) to perform manufacturing  filling  finishing  packaging  labeling  distribution  and other steps related to Regeneron’s Products and Regeneron’s Product Candidates; the ability of Regeneron to manage supply chains for multiple products and product candidates; safety issues resulting from the administration of Regeneron’s Products (such as Dupixent) and Regeneron’s Product Candidates in patients  including serious complications or side effects in connection with the use of Regeneron’s Products and Regeneron’s Product Candidates in clinical trials; determinations by regulatory and administrative governmental authorities which may delay or restrict Regeneron’s ability to continue to develop or commercialize Regeneron’s Products and Regeneron’s Product Candidates  including without limitation Dupixent; ongoing regulatory obligations and oversight impacting Regeneron’s Products  research and clinical programs  and business  including those relating to patient privacy; the availability and extent of reimbursement of Regeneron’s Products from third-party payers  including private payer healthcare and insurance programs  health maintenance organizations  pharmacy benefit management companies  and government programs such as Medicare and Medicaid; coverage and reimbursement determinations by such payers and new policies and procedures adopted by such payers; competing drugs and product candidates that may be superior to  or more cost effective than  Regeneron’s Products and Regeneron’s Product Candidates; the extent to which the results from the research and development programs conducted by Regeneron and/or its collaborators or licensees may be replicated in other studies and/or lead to advancement of product candidates to clinical trials  therapeutic applications  or regulatory approval; unanticipated expenses; the costs of developing  producing  and selling products; the ability of Regeneron to meet any of its financial projections or guidance and changes to the assumptions underlying those projections or guidance; the potential for any license  collaboration  or supply agreement  including Regeneron’s agreements with Sanofi and Bayer (or their respective affiliated companies  as applicable) to be cancelled or terminated; and risks associated with intellectual property of other parties and pending or future litigation relating thereto (including without limitation the patent litigation and other related proceedings relating to EYLEA® (aflibercept) Injection  Praluent® (alirocumab)  and REGEN-COV® (casirivimab and imdevimab))  other litigation and other proceedings and government investigations relating to the Company and/or its operations  the ultimate outcome of any such proceedings and investigations  and the impact any of the foregoing may have on Regeneron’s business  prospects  operating results  and financial condition. A more complete description of these and other material risks can be found in Regeneron’s filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission  including its Form 10-K for the year ended December 31  2021 and its Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended September 30  2022. Any forward-looking statements are made based on management’s current beliefs and judgment  and the reader is cautioned not to rely on any forward-looking statements made by Regeneron. Regeneron does not undertake any obligation to update (publicly or otherwise) any forward-looking statement  including without limitation any financial projection or guidance  whether as a result of new information  future events  or otherwise.Regeneron uses its media and investor relations website and social media outlets to publish important information about the Company  including information that may be deemed material to investors. Financial and other information about Regeneron is routinely posted and is accessible on Regeneron’s media and investor relations website (http://newsroom.regeneron.com) and its Twitter feed (http://twitter.com/regeneron).Attachment",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.01,mixed,0.2,0.13,0.67,True,English,"['Press Release', 'European Commission', 'eosinophilic esophagitis', 'Dupixent®', 'dupilumab', 'first', 'targeted', 'medicine', 'severe uncontrolled eosinophilic esophagitis', 'chronic, progressive inflammatory disease', 'conventional medicinal therapy', 'Chief Scientific Officer', '10 times higher rate', 'Dysphagia Symptom Questionnaire', 'abnormal endoscopic findings', 'Longer term efficacy', 'common side effects', 'injection site reactions', 'injection site bruising', 'underlying type 2 inflammation', 'George D. Yancopoulos', 'frequent non-swallowing symptoms', 'histological disease remission', 'The EC decision', 'additional adverse reaction', 'The European Commission', 'targeted treatment option', 'disease symptoms', 'debilitating disease', 'chronic diseases', 'Adverse events', 'additional diseases', 'M.D.', 'debilitating symptoms', 'esophageal inflammation', 'Ph.D', 'European Union', 'Aventis Groupe', 'targeted medicine', 'five diseases', 'N.Y.', 'marketing authorization', 'U.S.', 'Naimish Patel', 'Global Development', 'distressing experience', 'food impaction', 'health-related quality', 'pivotal trials', 'difficulty swallowing', 'five conditions', 'key role', '52-week data', 'three parts', 'Part A', 'Part C', 'Parts A', 'primary endpoint', 'significant improvements', 'overall population', 'topical corticosteroids', 'safety profile', 'oral herpes', 'latest approval', 'Phase 3 trial', 'Part B', 'meaningful improvement', '13.9-point improvement', 'Swallowing improvement', 'additional 28 weeks', 'swallowing ability', 'swallowing-related pain', 'safety results', 'four weeks', 'seven-fold reduction', 'daily life', 'Dupixent 300 mg', 'first approval', 'EoE trial', 'EoE patients', 'Dupixent patients', 'B.', '24 weeks', '52 weeks', '64% reduction', 'Dupixent®', 'Sanofi', 'dupilumab', 'years', 'placebo', '50,000 adults', 'adolescents', 'Paris', 'Tarrytown', '40 kg', 'candidates', 'esophagus', 'Head', 'Immunology', 'narrowing', 'scarring', 'something', 'painful', 'choking', 'damage', 'President', 'Regeneron', 'biologic', 'burden', 'potential', 'IL-4', 'Story', 'DSQ', '23.8-point', 'greater', 'baseline', 'points', 'less', 'indications', 'conjunctivitis', 'arthralgia', 'eosinophilia', 'infections']",2023-01-30,2023-01-30,finance.yahoo.com
17410,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/BEACONSMIND-AG-118892242/news/Beaconsmind-AG-Coffee-house-chain-in-India-relies-on-beaconsmind-solution-for-expansion-42843175/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230130,Beaconsmind AG: Coffee house chain in India relies on beaconsmind solution for expansion,(marketscreener.com) EQS-News: beaconsmind AG / Key word: Miscellaneousbeaconsmind AG: Coffee house chain in India relies on beaconsmind solution for expansion 30.01.2023 / 07:30 CET/CESTThe issuer is solely responsible for the conten…,"EQS-News: beaconsmind AG / Key word(s): Miscellaneousbeaconsmind AG: Coffee house chain in India relies on beaconsmind solution for expansion30.01.2023 / 07:30 CET/CESTThe issuer is solely responsible for the content of this announcement.beaconsmind AG: Coffee house chain in India relies on beaconsmind solution for expansionZurich  Switzerland – 30 January 2023 – beaconsmind AG (ISIN: CH0451123589 – Ticker: MLBMD)  a leading SaaS provider in the field of location-based marketing (LBM) & analytics  has gained one of the fastest growing coffee house chains as a new customer in the growth region of India. In this way  the high demand for the innovative location-based marketing solutions from beaconsmind continues. The coffee house chain currently operates cafes in ten cities and aims to increase the number of cafes to around 300 in over 20 cities.By using the beaconsmind Suite software in conjunction with the app from the coffee house chain  the company is opening up new individualised marketing and communication channels. Thanks to the combination of digital data and data from the high-street shops  the coffee house chain can provide customers with personalised offers at all touchpoints and in this way further improve the customer experience. The company’s own app offers app users numerous benefits  loyalty and subscription programmes as well as current offers. In addition  users can use the app to purchase coffee  roasting supplies such as coffee bags and merchandising  reload their loyalty cards for payment and register for various events and courses. The company's app already has tens of thousands of registered users.Max Weiland  CEO of beaconsmind: ""India is one of the growth regions defined by us for beaconsmind. We are looking forward to accompanying one of the fastest growing coffee house chains on their growth path and to creating new momentum for the company's future development together. Retailers in India are currently investing heavily in new technologies and shop infrastructure. Experts predict that the market volume in the retail sector will increase to around USD 1.5 trillion by 2030. For us  this results in highly attractive growth opportunities in the field of LBM solutions. We are  therefore  confident about our development in in this interesting growth market.”About beaconsmindFounded in 2015 in Switzerland  beaconsmind AG is a pioneer in the field of location-based marketing (LBM) software for retail chains. By fitting stores with Bluetooth beacons that precisely locate and identify customers  and by integrating its Software Suite  beaconsmind opens a brand-new channel for retailers to interact with their customers. Thanks to its solution  retailers can converge digital and physical shopping and address the convenience gaps of each. The shares of the company (ISIN: CH0451123589 – Ticker: MLBMD) are listed on the Frankfurt Stock Exchange with XETRA trading and on Euronext in Paris.For more information  please visit www.beaconsmind.com",neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,positive,0.77,0.23,0.0,True,English,"['Coffee house chain', 'Beaconsmind AG', 'beaconsmind solution', 'India', 'expansion', 'fastest growing coffee house chains', 'innovative location-based marketing solutions', 'Key word(s', 'leading SaaS provider', 'Frankfurt Stock Exchange', 'attractive growth opportunities', 'new individualised marketing', 'interesting growth market', 'beaconsmind Suite software', 'retail chains', 'coffee bags', 'Software Suite', 'LBM solutions', 'market volume', 'growth region', 'growth path', 'new customer', 'new momentum', 'new technologies', 'high demand', 'communication channels', 'high-street shops', 'personalised offers', 'customer experience', 'numerous benefits', 'subscription programmes', 'current offers', 'various events', 'Max Weiland', 'shop infrastructure', 'retail sector', 'LBM) software', 'Bluetooth beacons', 'brand-new channel', 'physical shopping', 'convenience gaps', 'XETRA trading', 'registered users', 'ten cities', 'loyalty cards', 'future development', 'beaconsmind solution', 'beaconsmind AG', 'digital data', 'app users', '20 cities', 'EQS-News', 'Miscellaneous', 'India', 'expansion', 'CET', 'CEST', 'issuer', 'content', 'announcement', 'Zurich', 'Switzerland', 'ISIN', 'Ticker', 'MLBMD', 'field', 'analytics', 'way', 'cafes', 'number', 'conjunction', 'company', 'combination', 'customers', 'touchpoints', 'addition', 'supplies', 'payment', 'courses', 'tens', 'thousands', 'CEO', 'Retailers', 'Experts', 'pioneer', 'stores', 'shares', 'Euronext', 'Paris', 'information', '07', '30']",2023-01-30,2023-01-30,marketscreener.com
17411,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/01/30/2597481/0/en/STMicroelectronics-Announces-Status-of-Common-Share-Repurchase-Program.html,STMicroelectronics Announces Status of Common Share Repurchase Program,STMicroelectronics Announces Status ofCommon Share Repurchase Program  Disclosure of Transactions in Own Shares – Period from Jan 23  2023 to Jan 27  2023...,STMicroelectronics Announces Status ofCommon Share Repurchase ProgramDisclosure of Transactions in Own Shares – Period from Jan 23  2023 to Jan 27  2023AMSTERDAM – January 30  2023 -- STMicroelectronics N.V. (the “Company” or “STMicroelectronics”)  a global semiconductor leader serving customers across the spectrum of electronics applications  announces full details of its common share repurchase program (the “Program”) disclosed via a press release dated July 1  2021. The Program was approved by a shareholder resolution dated May 27  2021 and by the supervisory board.STMicroelectronics N.V. (registered with the trade register under number 33194537) (LEI: 213800Z8NOHIKRI42W10) (Ticker: “STM”) announces the repurchase (by a broker acting for the Company) on the regulated market of Euronext Paris  in the period between Jan 23  2023 to Jan 27  2023 (the “Period”)  of 155 753 ordinary shares (equal to 0.02% of its issued share capital) at the weighted average purchase price per share of EUR 40.3098 and for an overall price of EUR 6 278 379.44.The purpose of these transactions under article 5(2) of Regulation (EU) 596/2014 (the Market Abuse Regulation) was to meet obligations arising from share option programmes  or other allocations of shares  to employees or to members of the administrative  management or supervisory bodies of the issuer or of an associate company.The shares may be held in treasury prior to being used for such purpose and  to the extent that they are not ultimately needed for such purpose  they may be used for any other lawful purpose under article 5(2) of the Market Abuse Regulation.Below is a summary of the repurchase transactions made in the course of the Period in relation to the ordinary shares of STM (ISIN: NL0000226223)  in detailed form.Transactions in PeriodDates of transaction Number of shares purchased Weighted average purchase price per share (EUR) Total amount paid (EUR) Market on which the shares were bought (MIC code) 1/23/2023 32 481 38.5955 1 253 620.44 XPAR 1/24/2023 32 104 39.1379 1 256 483.14 XPAR 1/25/2023 32 227 39.0112 1 257 213.94 XPAR 1/26/2023 29 765 42.1051 1 253 258.30 XPAR 1/27/2023 29 176 43.1109 1 257 803.62 XPAR Total for Period 155 753 40.3098 6 278 379.44Following the share buybacks detailed above  the Company holds in total 8 107 436 treasury shares  which represents approximately 0.9% of the Company’s issued share capital.In accordance with Article 5(1)(b) of the Market Abuse Regulation and Article 2(3) of Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2016/1052  a full breakdown of the individual trades in the Program are disclosed on the ST website (https://investors.st.com/stock-and-bond-information/share-buyback).About STMicroelectronicsAt ST  we are more than 50 000 creators and makers of semiconductor technologies mastering the semiconductor supply chain with state-of-the-art manufacturing facilities. An integrated device manufacturer  we work with more than 200 000 customers and thousands of partners to design and build products  solutions  and ecosystems that address their challenges and opportunities  and the need to support a more sustainable world. Our technologies enable smarter mobility  more efficient power and energy management  and the wide-scale deployment of the Internet of Things and connectivity. ST is committed to becoming carbon neutral by 2027. Further information can be found at www.st.com.For further information  please contact:INVESTOR RELATIONS:Céline BerthierGroup VP  Investor RelationsTel: +41.22.929.58.12celine.berthier@st.comMEDIA RELATIONS:Alexis BretonCorporate External CommunicationsTel: +33.6.59.16.79.08alexis.breton@st.comAttachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.42,0.58,True,English,"['Common Share Repurchase Program', 'STMicroelectronics', 'Status', 'Céline Berthier Group VP', 'Common Share Repurchase Program', 'art manufacturing facilities', 'integrated device manufacturer', 'Corporate External Communications', 'global semiconductor leader', 'average purchase price', 'semiconductor supply chain', 'Commission Delegated Regulation', 'share option programmes', 'Market Abuse Regulation', 'STMicroelectronics N.V.', 'other lawful purpose', 'overall price', 'other allocations', 'regulated market', 'share capital', 'share buybacks', 'semiconductor technologies', 'electronics applications', 'full details', 'press release', 'shareholder resolution', 'supervisory board', 'trade register', 'Euronext Paris', 'administrative, management', 'supervisory bodies', 'repurchase transactions', 'detailed form', 'MIC code', 'full breakdown', 'individual trades', 'sustainable world', 'smarter mobility', 'efficient power', 'energy management', 'wide-scale deployment', 'INVESTOR RELATIONS', 'MEDIA RELATIONS', 'Total amount', 'Own Shares', '155,753 ordinary shares', 'ST website', 'investors.st', 'Alexis Breton', 'Further information', 'associate company', '8,107,436 treasury shares', 'XPAR Total', 'Status', 'Disclosure', 'Period', 'Jan', 'AMSTERDAM', 'customers', 'spectrum', 'May', 'number', 'Ticker', 'broker', 'article', 'obligations', 'employees', 'members', 'issuer', 'extent', 'summary', 'course', 'ISIN', 'Dates', 'accordance', 'bond', '50,000 creators', 'makers', 'state', 'thousands', 'partners', 'products', 'solutions', 'ecosystems', 'challenges', 'opportunities', 'need', 'Internet', 'Things', 'connectivity', 'Attachment']",2023-01-30,2023-01-30,globenewswire.com
17412,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/01/30/2597834/0/en/Update-on-share-repurchase-program-KBC-Ancora-until-27-January-2023.html,Update on share repurchase program KBC Ancora until 27 January 2023,Regulated information  inside information  Leuven  30 January 2023 (17:40 CET)  Update on share repurchase program KBC Ancora until 27 January 2023  As......,English Dutch FrenchRegulated information  inside information  Leuven  30 January 2023 (17:40 CET)Update on share repurchase program KBC Ancora until 27 January 2023As part of the EUR 50 million share repurchase program  as confirmed on 20 May 2022  KBC Ancora has announced that it bought back a total of 25 500 shares in the period from 23 January 2023 to 27 January 2023.The following transactions were carried out during the period in question:Transaction date Number of shares Average price (EUR) Lowest price (EUR) Highest price (EUR) Total amount (EUR) Mon 23 January 2023 5 500 45.12 44.92 45.26 248 160.55 Tue 24 January 2023 4 000 45.02 44.88 45.18 180 060.00 Wed 25 January 2023 6 000 44.51 44.32 44.90 267 082.20 Thu 26 January 2023 6 000 44.49 44.30 44.62 266 925.00 Fri 27 January 2023 4 000 44.44 44.20 44.62 177 770.40 TOTAL (period concerned) 25 500 44.71 44.20 45.26 1 139 998.15 TOTAL (overall repurchase program) 1 061 055 36.86 31.68 46.36 39 110 211.74All transactions were carried out in the central order book of Euronext Brussels.Since the start of the share repurchase program on 10 June 2022  KBC Ancora has bought back 1 061 055 of its own shares  or 1.36% of the total number of shares issued (i.e. 78 301 314)  for an average price of 36.86 euros per share and for a total amount of 39 110 212 euros. KBC Ancora has currently implemented 78.22% of the repurchase program.The repurchase program runs within the limits of the share repurchase authorization granted by the Extraordinary General Meeting of Shareholders on 30 October 2020.---------------------------------KBC Ancora is a listed company that holds 18.6% of the shares in KBC Group. Together with Cera  MRBB and the Other Permanent Shareholders  it ensures shareholder stability and the ongoing development of the KBC Group. As core shareholders of KBC Group  they have concluded a shareholders’ agreement to this end.Financial calendar:01 September 2023 Annual press release for the financial year 2022/202326 September 2023 Annual Report for the financial year 2022/2023 available27 October 2023 General Meeting of ShareholdersThis press release is available in Dutch  French and English on the website www.kbcancora.be.KBC Ancora Investor Relations & Press contact: Jan BergmansTel. +32 (0)16 27 96 72email: jan.bergmans@kbcancora.be or mailbox@kbcancora.beAttachment,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['share repurchase program', 'KBC Ancora', 'Update', '27 January', 'EUR 50 million share repurchase program', 'KBC Ancora Investor Relations', 'central order book', 'share repurchase authorization', 'Extraordinary General Meeting', 'Other Permanent Shareholders', 'Annual press release', 'English Dutch French', 'Annual Report', 'Press contact', 'KBC Group', 'Transaction date', 'Average price', 'Lowest price', 'Highest price', 'Euronext Brussels', 'listed company', 'shareholder stability', 'ongoing development', 'Financial calendar', 'financial year', 'core shareholders', 'shareholders’ agreement', 'Total amount', 'Regulated information', 'following transactions', 'total number', 'Jan Bergmans', 'Leuven', '30 January', 'Update', '27 January', 'part', '20 May', '25,500 shares', 'period', '23 January', 'question', 'Mon', 'Tue', 'Wed', 'start', '10 June', '36.86 euros', '39,110,212 euros', 'limits', '30 October', 'Cera', 'MRBB', '01 September', '26 September', '27 October', 'website', 'Tel.', 'email', 'kbcancora', 'Attachment']",2023-01-30,2023-01-30,globenewswire.com
17413,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/KBC-ANCORA-SA-53036/news/Update-on-share-repurchase-program-KBC-Ancora-until-27-January-2023-42848701/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230130,Update on share repurchase program KBC Ancora until 27 January 2023,(marketscreener.com) Regulated information  inside information  Leuven  30 January 2023 Update on share repurchase program KBC Ancora until 27 January 2023 As part of the EUR 50 million share repurchase program  as confirmed on 20 May 2022  KBC Ancora has ann…,Regulated information  inside information  Leuven  30 January 2023 (17:40 CET)Update on share repurchase program KBC Ancora until 27 January 2023As part of the EUR 50 million share repurchase program  as confirmed on 20 May 2022  KBC Ancora has announced that it bought back a total of 25 500 shares in the period from 23 January 2023 to 27 January 2023.The following transactions were carried out during the period in question:Transaction date Number of shares Average price (EUR) Lowest price (EUR) Highest price (EUR) Total amount (EUR) Mon 23 January 2023 5 500 45.12 44.92 45.26 248 160.55 Tue 24 January 2023 4 000 45.02 44.88 45.18 180 060.00 Wed 25 January 2023 6 000 44.51 44.32 44.90 267 082.20 Thu 26 January 2023 6 000 44.49 44.30 44.62 266 925.00 Fri 27 January 2023 4 000 44.44 44.20 44.62 177 770.40 TOTAL (period concerned) 25 500 44.71 44.20 45.26 1 139 998.15 TOTAL (overall repurchase program) 1 061 055 36.86 31.68 46.36 39 110 211.74All transactions were carried out in the central order book of Euronext Brussels.Since the start of the share repurchase program on 10 June 2022  KBC Ancora has bought back 1 061 055 of its own shares  or 1.36% of the total number of shares issued (i.e. 78 301 314)  for an average price of 36.86 euros per share and for a total amount of 39 110 212 euros. KBC Ancora has currently implemented 78.22% of the repurchase program.The repurchase program runs within the limits of the share repurchase authorization granted by the Extraordinary General Meeting of Shareholders on 30 October 2020.---------------------------------KBC Ancora is a listed company that holds 18.6% of the shares in KBC Group. Together with Cera  MRBB and the Other Permanent Shareholders  it ensures shareholder stability and the ongoing development of the KBC Group. As core shareholders of KBC Group  they have concluded a shareholders’ agreement to this end.Financial calendar:01 September 2023 Annual press release for the financial year 2022/202326 September 2023 Annual Report for the financial year 2022/2023 available27 October 2023 General Meeting of ShareholdersThis press release is available in Dutch  French and English on the website www.kbcancora.be.KBC Ancora Investor Relations & Press contact: Jan BergmansTel. +32 (0)16 27 96 72email: jan.bergmans@kbcancora.be or mailbox@kbcancora.beAttachment,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['share repurchase program', 'KBC Ancora', 'Update', '27 January', 'EUR 50 million share repurchase program', 'KBC Ancora Investor Relations', 'central order book', 'share repurchase authorization', 'Extraordinary General Meeting', 'Other Permanent Shareholders', 'Annual press release', 'Annual Report', 'Press contact', 'KBC Group', 'Transaction date', 'Average price', 'Lowest price', 'Highest price', 'Euronext Brussels', 'listed company', 'shareholder stability', 'ongoing development', 'Financial calendar', 'financial year', 'core shareholders', 'shareholders’ agreement', 'Total amount', 'Regulated information', 'following transactions', 'total number', 'Jan Bergmans', 'Leuven', '30 January', 'Update', '27 January', 'part', '20 May', '25,500 shares', 'period', '23 January', 'question', 'Mon', 'Tue', 'Wed', '25 January', 'start', '10 June', '36.86 euros', '39,110,212 euros', 'limits', '30 October', 'Cera', 'MRBB', '01 September', '26 September', '27 October', 'Dutch', 'English', 'website', 'Tel.', 'email', 'kbcancora', 'Attachment']",2023-01-30,2023-01-30,marketscreener.com
17414,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.co.uk/news-releases/dsm---delivery-of-shares-301733843.html,DSM - delivery of shares,This is a press release by Koninklijke DSM N.V. (Royal DSM)  pursuant to the provisions of Sections 13 paragraphs 1 and 2 of the Dutch Decree on Public Takeover Bids (Besluit openbare biedingen Wft) (the Decree) in connection with the public offer by Danube A…,This is a press release by Koninklijke DSM N.V. (Royal DSM)  pursuant to the provisions of Sections 13 paragraphs 1 and 2 of the Dutch Decree on Public Takeover Bids (Besluit openbare biedingen Wft) (the Decree) in connection with the public offer by Danube AG (to be renamed DSM-Firmenich AG) for all the issued and outstanding ordinary shares in the capital of DSM (the Exchange Offer). This press release does not constitute an offer  or any solicitation of any offer  to buy or subscribe for any securities. This press release is not for general release  publication or distribution  in whole or in part  in or into  directly or indirectly  the United States or any other jurisdiction where such release  publication or distribution would violate applicable laws or regulations.HEERLEN  Netherlands  Jan. 30  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- Following the Offering Circular published on 22 November 2022  Royal DSM is required to announce transactions relating to the ordinary shares in its capital in accordance with the Dutch public offer rules. This includes the delivery of treasury shares to employees in view of settling the vesting of share units or the exercise of stock options.Pursuant to commitments entered into prior to issuing the Offering Circular  DSM has on 30 January 2023  delivered 35 ordinary shares to employees in view of settling the exercise of an equivalent number of stock options granted under the respective DSM Incentive Plan (average exercise price €112.00). On the date hereof  the total number of issued and outstanding DSM ordinary shares is 173 083 555. As a consequence of the delivery included herein  the number of outstanding DSM ordinary shares increased by 0.0000%.DSMRoyal DSM is a global  purpose-led company in Health  Nutrition & Bioscience  applying science to improve the health of people  animals and the planet. DSM's purpose is to create brighter lives for all. DSM's products and solutions address some of the world's biggest challenges while simultaneously creating economic  environmental and societal value for all its stakeholders – customers  employees  shareholders  and society at large. The company was founded in 1902 and is listed on Euronext Amsterdam. More information can be found at www.dsm.com.Or find us on:LinkedIn: http://www.linkedin.com/company/3108Twitter: http://www.twitter.com/DSMFacebook: http://www.facebook.com/DSMcompanyYouTube: http://www.youtube.com/user/dsmcompanyFor more informationDSM Media Relations Gareth Mead tel. +31 (0) 45 5782420 email media.contacts@dsm.com DSM Investor Relations Dave Huizing tel. +31 (0) 45 5782864 email investor.relations@dsm.comForward-looking statementsThis press release may contain forward-looking statements with respect to DSM's future (financial) performance and position. Such statements are based on current expectations  estimates and projections of DSM and information currently available to the company. DSM cautions readers that such statements involve certain risks and uncertainties that are difficult to predict and therefore it should be understood that many factors can cause actual performance and position to differ materially from these statements. DSM has no obligation to update the statements contained in this press release  unless required by law. The English language version of the press release is leading.Logo - https://mma.prnewswire.com/media/329419/dsm_logo.jpgSOURCE Royal DSM,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,mixed,0.26,0.14,0.6,True,English,"['DSM', 'delivery', 'shares', 'DSM Media Relations Gareth Mead', 'DSM Investor Relations Dave Huizing', 'Koninklijke DSM N.V.', 'respective DSM Incentive Plan', 'Dutch public offer rules', 'outstanding DSM ordinary shares', 'outstanding ordinary shares', 'Public Takeover Bids', 'English language version', 'future (financial) performance', 'average exercise price', 'global, purpose-led company', 'SOURCE Royal DSM', '35 ordinary shares', 'treasury shares', 'Dutch Decree', 'actual performance', 'Sections 13 paragraphs', 'biedingen Wft', 'Danube AG', 'Exchange Offer', 'United States', 'other jurisdiction', 'applicable laws', 'Offering Circular', 'share units', 'stock options', 'brighter lives', 'biggest challenges', 'economic, environmental', 'societal value', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'current expectations', 'many factors', 'press release', 'general release', 'equivalent number', 'total number', 'Forward-looking statements', 'Such statements', 'More information', 'provisions', 'connection', 'capital', 'solicitation', 'securities', 'publication', 'distribution', 'part', 'regulations', 'HEERLEN', 'Netherlands', 'Jan.', '22 November', 'transactions', 'accordance', 'delivery', 'employees', 'view', 'vesting', 'commitments', '30 January', 'date', 'consequence', 'Health', 'Nutrition', 'Bioscience', 'people', 'animals', 'planet', 'products', 'solutions', 'world', 'stakeholders', 'customers', 'shareholders', 'society', 'LinkedIn', 'Twitter', 'Facebook', 'DSMcompany', 'YouTube', 'position', 'estimates', 'projections', 'readers', 'risks', 'uncertainties', 'obligation', 'Logo', '0.']",2023-01-30,2023-01-30,prnewswire.co.uk
17415,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/dupixent-dupilumab-approved-european-commission-060000655.html,Dupixent® (dupilumab) Approved by European Commission as the First and Only Targeted Medicine Indicated for Eosinophilic Esophagitis,Approximately 60% of patients aged 12 years and older treated with Dupixent 300 mg weekly in the pivotal trial experienced histological disease remission...,"Regeneron Pharmaceuticals  Inc.Approximately 60% of patients aged 12 years and older treated with Dupixent 300 mg weekly in the pivotal trial experienced histological disease remission; patients also significantly improved their ability to swallow compared to placeboDupixent is now an option for the approximately 50 000 adults and adolescents living with severe uncontrolled eosinophilic esophagitis in the European Union (EU)Dupixent now approved to treat five diseases with underlying type 2 inflammation in the EUTARRYTOWN  N.Y. and PARIS  Jan. 30  2023 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Regeneron Pharmaceuticals  Inc. (NASDAQ: REGN) and Sanofi today announced that the European Commission (EC) expanded the marketing authorization for Dupixent® (dupilumab) in the European Union (EU) to treat eosinophilic esophagitis (EoE) in adults and adolescents 12 years and older  weighing at least 40 kg  who are inadequately controlled by  are intolerant to  or who are not candidates for conventional medicinal therapy. EoE is a chronic  progressive inflammatory disease that damages the esophagus and prevents it from working properly. With this approval  Dupixent is the first and only targeted medicine specifically indicated to treat EoE in Europe and the U.S.“This latest approval establishes Dupixent as the only targeted medicine specifically indicated for eosinophilic esophagitis in the European Union. Dupixent is also the only biologic shown in pivotal trials to help patients achieve histological remission  reduce difficulty swallowing and improve health-related quality of life – all of which are crucial to reducing the burden of this debilitating disease ” said George D. Yancopoulos  M.D.  Ph.D.  President and Chief Scientific Officer at Regeneron  and a principal inventor of Dupixent. “Since its first approval  Dupixent has redefined the treatment of certain chronic diseases with underlying type 2 inflammation and is now indicated for five conditions in the European Union. We remain committed to investigating Dupixent’s potential in additional diseases in which IL-4 and IL-13 may play a key role.”Story continues“The impact of EoE on a patient’s daily life cannot be overstated – the narrowing and scarring of the esophagus can make something as simple as eating a painful and distressing experience  and may lead to choking and food impaction ” said Naimish Patel  M.D.  Head of Global Development  Immunology and Inflammation at Sanofi. “With this latest approval for Dupixent  adults and adolescents in the EU suffering from the chronic and often debilitating symptoms of EoE now have the first and only targeted treatment option clinically proven to reduce both esophageal inflammation and damage  as well as improve swallowing ability  pain and health-related quality of life.”The EC decision is supported by 52-week data from a Phase 3 trial consisting of three parts (Part A  B and C). Part A and Part B investigated Dupixent 300 mg weekly (Part A n=42; Part B n=80) compared to placebo (Part A n=39; Part B n=79) for 24 weeks. Part C (n=188) observed patients who had continued on or switched to Dupixent from Parts A and B for an additional 28 weeks.Dupixent patients in Parts A and B  respectively  experienced:An approximately 10 times higher rate of histological disease remission (60% and 59%)  a co-primary endpoint  compared to placebo (5% and 6%).A 69% and 64% reduction in disease symptoms compared to 32% and 41% with placebo. Disease symptoms were measured using the Dysphagia Symptom Questionnaire (DSQ)  on which Dupixent patients experienced a 21.9- and 23.8-point clinically meaningful improvement compared to a 9.6- and 13.9-point improvement for placebo  a co-primary endpoint. Swallowing improvement was observed as early as four weeks.A greater than seven-fold reduction in abnormal endoscopic findings from baseline (-3.2 and -4.5 points) compared to placebo (-0.3 and -0.6 points).Nominally significant improvements in swallowing-related pain and health-related quality of life  as well as less frequent non-swallowing symptoms.Histological disease remission  swallowing improvement and reduction in abnormal endoscopic findings were consistent with the overall population in patients who were uncontrolled  or not responsive to or not eligible for swallowed topical corticosteroids. Longer term efficacy in Part C was similar to results observed in Parts A and B.The safety results of the trial were generally consistent with the known safety profile of Dupixent in its approved indications. The most common side effects across indications were injection site reactions  conjunctivitis  conjunctivitis allergic  arthralgia  oral herpes and eosinophilia. Adverse events more commonly observed in EoE patients treated with Dupixent (n=122) compared to placebo (n=117) included infections (32% vs. 25%). An additional adverse reaction of injection site bruising was reported in the EoE trial. The safety profile through 52 weeks was generally consistent with the safety profile observed at 24 weeks.About Eosinophilic EsophagitisEoE is a chronic  progressive inflammatory disease that damages the esophagus and prevents it from working properly. The results seen with Dupixent in adults and adolescents with EoE demonstrate that interleukin-4 (IL-4) and interleukin-13 (IL-13) are key and central drivers of the type 2 inflammation underlying this disease. For people with EoE  swallowing even small amounts of food can be a painful and worrisome choking experience. They are often left to contend with the frustration and anxiety of a constantly evolving list of foods to avoid  a poor quality of life and a higher risk of depression. In cases where EoE causes the esophagus to narrow  forced and potentially painful dilation (physical expansion) of the esophagus may be needed. In severe cases  a feeding tube may be the only option to ensure proper caloric intake and adequate nutrition. In the EU  about 50 000 adults and adolescents live with severe uncontrolled EoE.About the Dupixent Eosinophilic Esophagitis TrialThe three-part Phase 3 randomized  double-blind  placebo-controlled trial evaluated the efficacy and safety of Dupixent in patients aged 12 years and older with EoE. All patients had previously not responded to proton pump inhibitors  and  across Parts A and B  74% of patients were previously treated with swallowed topical corticosteroids.At 24 weeks  the co-primary endpoints in Parts A and B assessed patient-reported measures of difficulty swallowing (change from baseline in the DSQ on a 0-84 scale) and esophageal inflammation (proportion of patients achieving histological disease remission  defined as peak esophageal intraepithelial eosinophil count of ≤6 eos/hpf).Additional endpoints included abnormal endoscopic findings (EoE Endoscopic Reference Score [EoE-EREFS] on a 0-18 scale)  swallowing-related pain (DSQ pain score)  health-related quality of life (EoE Impact Questionnaire [EoE-IQ]) and frequency of other non-dysphagia symptoms (EoE Symptom Questionnaire [EoE-SQ]).About DupixentDupixent is an injection administered under the skin (subcutaneous injection) at different injection sites. In the EU for adolescents and adults with EoE  Dupixent is administered at 300 mg every week. It is available as both a pre-filled pen and pre-filled syringe at the 300 mg dose. Dupixent is intended for use under the guidance of a healthcare professional and can be given in a clinic or at home by self-administration after training by a healthcare professional.Dupixent  which was invented using Regeneron's proprietary VelocImmune® technology  is a fully human monoclonal antibody that inhibits the signaling of the interleukin-4 (IL-4) and interleukin-13 (IL-13) pathways and is not an immunosuppressant. The Dupixent development program has shown significant clinical benefit and a decrease in type 2 inflammation in Phase 3 trials  establishing that IL-4 and IL-13 are key and central drivers of the type 2 inflammation that plays a major role in multiple related and often co-morbid diseases. These diseases include approved indications for Dupixent  such as atopic dermatitis  asthma  chronic rhinosinusitis with nasal polyposis (CRSwNP)  prurigo nodularis and EoE.Dupixent has received regulatory approvals in one or more countries around the world for use in certain patients with atopic dermatitis  asthma  CRSwNP  EoE or prurigo nodularis in different age populations. Dupixent is currently approved for one or more of these indications in more than 60 countries  including in Europe  the U.S. and Japan. More than 500 000 patients have been treated with Dupixent globally.About Regeneron's VelocImmune TechnologyRegeneron's VelocImmune technology utilizes a proprietary genetically engineered mouse platform endowed with a genetically humanized immune system to produce optimized fully human antibodies. When Regeneron's co-Founder  President and Chief Scientific Officer George D. Yancopoulos was a graduate student with his mentor Frederick W. Alt in 1985  they were the first to envision making such a genetically humanized mouse  and Regeneron has spent decades inventing and developing VelocImmune and related VelociSuite® technologies. Dr. Yancopoulos and his team have used VelocImmune technology to create a substantial proportion of all original  FDA-approved or authorized fully human monoclonal antibodies. This includes REGEN-COV® (casirivimab and imdevimab)  Dupixent  Libtayo® (cemiplimab-rwlc)  Praluent® (alirocumab)  Kevzara® (sarilumab)  Evkeeza® (evinacumab-dgnb) and Inmazeb® (atoltivimab  maftivimab and odesivimab-ebgn).Dupilumab Development ProgramDupilumab is being jointly developed by Regeneron and Sanofi under a global collaboration agreement. To date  dupilumab has been studied across more than 60 clinical trials involving more than 10 000 patients with various chronic diseases driven in part by type 2 inflammation.In addition to the currently approved indications  Regeneron and Sanofi are studying dupilumab in a broad range of diseases driven by type 2 inflammation or other allergic processes in Phase 3 trials  including pediatric EoE  hand and foot atopic dermatitis  chronic inducible urticaria-cold  chronic spontaneous urticaria  chronic pruritus of unknown origin  chronic obstructive pulmonary disease with evidence of type 2 inflammation  chronic rhinosinusitis without nasal polyposis  allergic fungal rhinosinusitis  allergic bronchopulmonary aspergillosis  and bullous pemphigoid. These potential uses of dupilumab are currently under clinical investigation  and the safety and efficacy in these conditions have not been fully evaluated by any regulatory authority.U.S. INDICATIONSDUPIXENT is a prescription medicine used:to treat adults and children 6 months of age and older with moderate-to-severe eczema (atopic dermatitis or AD) that is not well controlled with prescription therapies used on the skin (topical)  or who cannot use topical therapies. DUPIXENT can be used with or without topical corticosteroids. It is not known if DUPIXENT is safe and effective in children with atopic dermatitis under 6 months of age.with other asthma medicines for the maintenance treatment of moderate-to-severe eosinophilic or oral steroid dependent asthma in adults and children 6 years of age and older whose asthma is not controlled with their current asthma medicines. DUPIXENT helps prevent severe asthma attacks (exacerbations) and can improve your breathing. DUPIXENT may also help reduce the amount of oral corticosteroids you need while preventing severe asthma attacks and improving your breathing. DUPIXENT is not used to treat sudden breathing problems. It is not known if DUPIXENT is safe and effective in children with asthma under 6 years of age.with other medicines for the maintenance treatment of chronic rhinosinusitis with nasal polyposis (CRSwNP) in adults whose disease is not controlled. It is not known if DUPIXENT is safe and effective in children with chronic rhinosinusitis with nasal polyposis under 18 years of age.to treat adults and children 12 years of age and older  who weigh at least 88 pounds (40 kg)  with eosinophilic esophagitis (EoE). It is not known if DUPIXENT is safe and effective in children with eosinophilic esophagitis under 12 years of age and who weigh at least 88 pounds (40 kg).to treat adults with prurigo nodularis (PN). It is not known if DUPIXENT is safe and effective in children with prurigo nodularis under 18 years of age.IMPORTANT SAFETY INFORMATIONDo not use if you are allergic to dupilumab or to any of the ingredients in DUPIXENT®.Before using DUPIXENT  tell your healthcare provider about all your medical conditions  including if you:have eye problems.have a parasitic (helminth) infection.are scheduled to receive any vaccinations. You should not receive a “live vaccine” right before and during treatment with DUPIXENT.are pregnant or plan to become pregnant. It is not known whether DUPIXENT will harm your unborn baby. A pregnancy registry for women who take DUPIXENT during pregnancy collects information about the health of you and your baby. To enroll or get more information call 1-877-311-8972 or go to https://mothertobaby.org/ongoing-study/dupixent/.are breastfeeding or plan to breastfeed. It is not known whether DUPIXENT passes into your breast milk.Tell your healthcare provider about all the medicines you take  including prescription and over-the- counter medicines  vitamins  and herbal supplements.Especially tell your healthcare provider if you are taking oral  topical  or inhaled corticosteroid medicines; have asthma and use an asthma medicine; or have atopic dermatitis  chronic rhinosinusitis with nasal polyposis  eosinophilic esophagitis  or prurigo nodularis and also have asthma. Do not change or stop your corticosteroid medicine or other asthma medicine without talking to your healthcare provider. This may cause other symptoms that were controlled by the corticosteroid medicine or other asthma medicine to come back.DUPIXENT can cause serious side effects  including:All e r g i c r ea c t i on s. DUPIXENT can cause allergic reactions that can sometimes be severe. Stop using DUPIXENT and tell your healthcare provider or get emergency help right away if you get any of the following signs or symptoms: breathing problems or wheezing  swelling of the face  lips  mouth  tongue or throat  fainting  dizziness  feeling lightheaded  fast pulse  fever  hives  joint pain  general ill feeling  itching  skin rash  swollen lymph nodes  nausea or vomiting  or cramps in your stomach-area.E y e pr ob l e m s. Tell your healthcare provider if you have any new or worsening eye problems  including eye pain or changes in vision  such as blurred vision. Your healthcare provider may send you to an ophthalmologist for an exam if needed.I n fl a mm a t i o n o f y ou r b l oo d v e ss e l s. Rarely  this can happen in people with asthma who receive DUPIXENT. This may happen in people who also take a steroid medicine by mouth that is being stopped or the dose is being lowered. It is not known whether this is caused by DUPIXENT. Tell your healthcare provider right away if you have: rash  chest pain  worsening shortness of breath  a feeling of pins and needles or numbness of your arms or legs  or persistent fever.Joint aches and pain. Some people who use DUPIXENT have had trouble walking or moving due to their joint symptoms  and in some cases needed to be hospitalized. Tell your healthcare provider about any new or worsening joint symptoms. Your healthcare provider may stop DUPIXENT if you develop joint symptoms.The most common side effects include:Eczema: injection site reactions  eye and eyelid inflammation  including redness  swelling  and itching  sometimes with blurred vision  cold sores in your mouth or on your lips  and high count of a certain white blood cell (eosinophilia).A s t h ma: injection site reactions  high count of a certain white blood cell (eosinophilia)  pain in the throat (oropharyngeal pain)  and parasitic (helminth) infections.C h r on i c R h i no s i nu s i t i s w i th N a s a l P o ly po s i s: injection site reactions  eye and eyelid inflammation  including redness  swelling  and itching  sometimes with blurred vision  high count of a certain white blood cell (eosinophilia)  gastritis  joint pain (arthralgia)  trouble sleeping (insomnia)  and toothache.Eosinophilic Esophagitis: injection site reactions  upper respiratory tract infections  cold sores in your mouth or on your lips  and joint pain (arthralgia).Prurigo Nodularis: eye and eyelid inflammation  including redness  swelling  and itching  sometimes with blurred vision  herpes virus infections  common cold symptoms (nasopharyngitis)  dizziness  muscle pain  and diarrhea.Tell your healthcare provider if you have any side effect that bothers you or that does not go away. These are not all the possible side effects of DUPIXENT. Call your doctor for medical advice about side effects. You are encouraged to report negative side effects of prescription drugs to the FDA. Visit www.fda.gov/medwatch  or call 1-800-FDA-1088.Use DUPIXENT exactly as prescribed by your healthcare provider. It’s an injection given under the skin (subcutaneous injection). Your healthcare provider will decide if you or your caregiver can inject DUPIXENT. Do not try to prepare and inject DUPIXENT until you or your caregiver have been trained by your healthcare provider. In children 12 years of age and older  it’s recommended DUPIXENT be administered by or under supervision of an adult. In children 6 months to less than 12 years of age  DUPIXENT should be given by a caregiver.Please see accompanying full Prescribing Information including Patient Information.About RegeneronRegeneron (NASDAQ: REGN) is a leading biotechnology company that invents  develops and commercializes life-transforming medicines for people with serious diseases. Founded and led for 35 years by physician-scientists  our unique ability to repeatedly and consistently translate science into medicine has led to nine FDA-approved treatments and numerous product candidates in development  almost all of which were homegrown in our laboratories. Our medicines and pipeline are designed to help patients with eye diseases  allergic and inflammatory diseases  cancer  cardiovascular and metabolic diseases  pain  hematologic conditions  infectious diseases and rare diseases.Regeneron is accelerating and improving the traditional drug development process through our proprietary VelociSuite® technologies  such as VelocImmune®  which uses unique genetically humanized mice to produce optimized fully human antibodies and bispecific antibodies  and through ambitious research initiatives such as the Regeneron Genetics Center  which is conducting one of the largest genetics sequencing efforts in the world.For more information  please visit www.Regeneron.com or follow @Regeneron on Twitter.About SanofiWe are an innovative global healthcare company  driven by one purpose: we chase the miracles of science to improve people’s lives. Our team  across some 100 countries  is dedicated to transforming the practice of medicine by working to turn the impossible into the possible. We provide potentially life-changing treatment options and life-saving vaccine protection to millions of people globally  while putting sustainability and social responsibility at the center of our ambitions.Sanofi is listed on EURONEXT: SAN and NASDAQ: SNY.Regeneron Forward-Looking Statements and Use of Digital MediaThis press release includes forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties relating to future events and the future performance of Regeneron Pharmaceuticals  Inc. (“Regeneron” or the “Company”)  and actual events or results may differ materially from these forward-looking statements. Words such as “anticipate ” “expect ” “intend ” “plan ” “believe ” “seek ” “estimate ” variations of such words  and similar expressions are intended to identify such forward-looking statements  although not all forward-looking statements contain these identifying words. These statements concern  and these risks and uncertainties include  among others  the impact of SARS-CoV-2 (the virus that has caused the COVID-19 pandemic) on Regeneron’s business and its employees  collaborators  and suppliers and other third parties on which Regeneron relies  Regeneron’s and its collaborators’ ability to continue to conduct research and clinical programs  Regeneron’s ability to manage its supply chain  net product sales of products marketed or otherwise commercialized by Regeneron and/or its collaborators or licensees (collectively  “Regeneron’s Products”)  and the global economy; the nature  timing  and possible success and therapeutic applications of Regeneron’s Products and product candidates being developed by Regeneron and/or its collaborators or licensees (collectively  “Regeneron’s Product Candidates”) and research and clinical programs now underway or planned  including without limitation Dupixent® (dupilumab) for the treatment of adults and adolescents with eosinophilic esophagitis (“EoE”); uncertainty of the utilization  market acceptance  and commercial success of Regeneron’s Products and Regeneron’s Product Candidates and the impact of studies (whether conducted by Regeneron or others and whether mandated or voluntary)  including the studies discussed or referenced in this press release  on any of the foregoing; the likelihood  timing  and scope of possible regulatory approval and commercial launch of Regeneron’s Product Candidates and new indications for Regeneron’s Products  such as Dupixent for the treatment of pediatric EoE  hand and foot atopic dermatitis  chronic inducible urticaria-cold  chronic spontaneous urticaria  chronic pruritus of unknown origin  chronic obstructive pulmonary disease with evidence of type 2 inflammation  chronic rhinosinusitis without nasal polyposis  allergic fungal rhinosinusitis  bullous pemphigoid  and other potential indications; the ability of Regeneron’s collaborators  licensees  suppliers  or other third parties (as applicable) to perform manufacturing  filling  finishing  packaging  labeling  distribution  and other steps related to Regeneron’s Products and Regeneron’s Product Candidates; the ability of Regeneron to manage supply chains for multiple products and product candidates; safety issues resulting from the administration of Regeneron’s Products (such as Dupixent) and Regeneron’s Product Candidates in patients  including serious complications or side effects in connection with the use of Regeneron’s Products and Regeneron’s Product Candidates in clinical trials; determinations by regulatory and administrative governmental authorities which may delay or restrict Regeneron’s ability to continue to develop or commercialize Regeneron’s Products and Regeneron’s Product Candidates  including without limitation Dupixent; ongoing regulatory obligations and oversight impacting Regeneron’s Products  research and clinical programs  and business  including those relating to patient privacy; the availability and extent of reimbursement of Regeneron’s Products from third-party payers  including private payer healthcare and insurance programs  health maintenance organizations  pharmacy benefit management companies  and government programs such as Medicare and Medicaid; coverage and reimbursement determinations by such payers and new policies and procedures adopted by such payers; competing drugs and product candidates that may be superior to  or more cost effective than  Regeneron’s Products and Regeneron’s Product Candidates; the extent to which the results from the research and development programs conducted by Regeneron and/or its collaborators or licensees may be replicated in other studies and/or lead to advancement of product candidates to clinical trials  therapeutic applications  or regulatory approval; unanticipated expenses; the costs of developing  producing  and selling products; the ability of Regeneron to meet any of its financial projections or guidance and changes to the assumptions underlying those projections or guidance; the potential for any license  collaboration  or supply agreement  including Regeneron’s agreements with Sanofi and Bayer (or their respective affiliated companies  as applicable) to be cancelled or terminated; and risks associated with intellectual property of other parties and pending or future litigation relating thereto (including without limitation the patent litigation and other related proceedings relating to EYLEA® (aflibercept) Injection  Praluent® (alirocumab)  and REGEN-COV® (casirivimab and imdevimab))  other litigation and other proceedings and government investigations relating to the Company and/or its operations  the ultimate outcome of any such proceedings and investigations  and the impact any of the foregoing may have on Regeneron’s business  prospects  operating results  and financial condition. A more complete description of these and other material risks can be found in Regeneron’s filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission  including its Form 10-K for the year ended December 31  2021 and its Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended September 30  2022. Any forward-looking statements are made based on management’s current beliefs and judgment  and the reader is cautioned not to rely on any forward-looking statements made by Regeneron. Regeneron does not undertake any obligation to update (publicly or otherwise) any forward-looking statement  including without limitation any financial projection or guidance  whether as a result of new information  future events  or otherwise.Regeneron uses its media and investor relations website and social media outlets to publish important information about the Company  including information that may be deemed material to investors. Financial and other information about Regeneron is routinely posted and is accessible on Regeneron’s media and investor relations website (http://newsroom.regeneron.com) and its Twitter feed (http://twitter.com/regeneron).Sanofi Disclaimers or Forward-Looking StatementsThis press release contains forward-looking statements as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995  as amended. Forward-looking statements are statements that are not historical facts. These statements include projections and estimates regarding the marketing and other potential of the product  or regarding potential future revenues from the product. Forward-looking statements are generally identified by the words ""expects""  ""anticipates""  ""believes""  ""intends""  ""estimates""  ""plans"" and similar expressions. Although Sanofi's management believes that the expectations reflected in such forward-looking statements are reasonable  investors are cautioned that forward-looking information and statements are subject to various risks and uncertainties  many of which are difficult to predict and generally beyond the control of Sanofi  that could cause actual results and developments to differ materially from those expressed in  or implied or projected by  the forward-looking information and statements. These risks and uncertainties include among other things  unexpected regulatory actions or delays  or government regulation generally  that could affect the availability or commercial potential of the product  the fact that product may not be commercially successful  the uncertainties inherent in research and development  including future clinical data and analysis of existing clinical data relating to the product  including post marketing  unexpected safety  quality or manufacturing issues  competition in general  risks associated with intellectual property and any related future litigation and the ultimate outcome of such litigation  and volatile economic and market conditions  and the impact that COVID-19 will have on us  our customers  suppliers  vendors  and other business partners  and the financial condition of any one of them  as well as on our employees and on the global economy as a whole. Any material effect of COVID-19 on any of the foregoing could also adversely impact us. This situation is changing rapidly and additional impacts may arise of which we are not currently aware and may exacerbate other previously identified risks. The risks and uncertainties also include the uncertainties discussed or identified in the public filings with the SEC and the AMF made by Sanofi  including those listed under ""Risk Factors"" and ""Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements"" in Sanofi's annual report on Form 20-F for the year ended December 31  2021. Other than as required by applicable law  Sanofi does not undertake any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking information or statements.Regeneron Contacts:Media RelationsIlana YellenTel: +1 914-330-9618Ilana.Yellen@regeneron.comInvestor RelationsVesna TosicTel: +1 914-847-5443Vesna.Tosic@regeneron.comSanofi Contacts:Media RelationsSally BainTel: +1 617-834-6026Sally.Bain@sanofi.comInvestor RelationsEva Schaefer-JansenTel: +33 7 86 80 56 39eva.schaefer-jansen@sanofi.comArnaud DelepineTel: +33 (0)6 73 69 36 93arnaud.delepine@sanofi.comCorentine DriancourtTel: +33 (0)6 40 56 92corentine.driancourt@sanofi.comFelix LauscherTel: +1 908-612-7239felix.lauscher@sanofi.comPriya NanduriTel: +1 617-764-6418priya.nanduri@sanofi.comNathalie PhamTel: +33 (0)7 85 93 30 17nathalie.pham@sanofi.com",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.18,0.16,0.67,True,English,"['European Commission', 'Targeted Medicine', 'Eosinophilic Esophagitis', 'Dupixent®', 'dupilumab', 'First', 'severe uncontrolled eosinophilic esophagitis', 'chronic, progressive inflammatory disease', 'conventional medicinal therapy', 'Chief Scientific Officer', '10 times higher rate', 'Dysphagia Symptom Questionnaire', 'abnormal endoscopic findings', 'Longer term efficacy', 'common side effects', 'injection site reactions', 'injection site bruising', 'underlying type 2 inflammation', 'George D. Yancopoulos', 'frequent non-swallowing symptoms', 'histological disease remission', 'The EC decision', 'additional adverse reaction', 'targeted treatment option', 'disease symptoms', 'debilitating disease', 'Adverse events', 'targeted medicine', 'additional diseases', 'M.D.', 'Ph.D.', 'debilitating symptoms', 'esophageal inflammation', 'European Union', 'five diseases', 'N.Y.', 'GLOBE NEWSWIRE', 'European Commission', 'marketing authorization', 'U.S.', 'pivotal trials', 'difficulty swallowing', 'health-related quality', 'principal inventor', 'chronic diseases', 'five conditions', 'key role', 'distressing experience', 'food impaction', 'Naimish Patel', 'Global Development', '52-week data', 'three parts', 'Part A', 'Part C', 'Parts A', 'primary endpoint', 'significant improvements', 'overall population', 'topical corticosteroids', 'safety profile', 'oral herpes', 'latest approval', 'Phase 3 trial', 'Part B', 'meaningful improvement', '13.9-point improvement', 'Swallowing improvement', 'additional 28 weeks', 'Regeneron Pharmaceuticals', 'swallowing ability', 'swallowing-related pain', 'safety results', 'four weeks', 'seven-fold reduction', 'daily life', 'Dupixent 300 mg', 'first approval', 'EoE trial', 'EoE patients', 'Dupixent patients', 'B.', '24 weeks', '52 weeks', '64% reduction', 'Dupixent®', 'years', 'placebo', '50,000 adults', 'adolescents', 'TARRYTOWN', 'PARIS', 'NASDAQ', 'REGN', 'Sanofi', 'dupilumab', '40 kg', 'candidates', 'esophagus', 'biologic', 'burden', 'President', 'potential', 'IL-4', 'Story', 'narrowing', 'scarring', 'something', 'painful', 'choking', 'Head', 'Immunology', 'damage', 'DSQ', '23.8-point', 'greater', 'baseline', 'points', 'less', 'indications', 'conjunctivitis', 'arthralgia', 'eosinophilia', 'infections']",2023-01-30,2023-01-30,finance.yahoo.com
17416,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/NFL-BIOSCIENCES-123776242/news/NFL-Biosciences-launches-a-round-of-fundraising-for-approximately-2-5-million-euros-42849087/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230130,NFL Biosciences launches a round of fundraising for approximately 2.5 million euros,(marketscreener.com)  NFL Biosciences launches a round of fundraising for approximately 2.5 million euros Capital increases as part of a global offer comprising an offer reserved for professional investors and a public offering for retail investors through t…,NFL Biosciences launches a round of fundraising for approximately 2.5 million euros 01/30/2023 | 12:27pm EST Send by mail :Name : First name : From * : To * : (You can enter multiple email addresses separated by commas) Message : * Required fields NFL Biosciences launches a round of fundraising for approximately 2.5 million euros Capital increases as part of a global offer comprising an offer reserved for professional investors and a public offering for retail investors through the PrimaryBid platform.The PrimaryBid Offer will close on January 30 at 10 pm and the Offer reserved for professional investors will close on January 31   2023 before start of trading (subject to early closure).Price range of €2.08 to €2.35 per new share  representing a discount of 33.97% to 25.40% to the closing price of NFL Biosciences shares on January 30  2023.NFL BIOSCIENCES (Euronext Growth Paris – FR0014003XT0 – ALNFL)  a biopharmaceutical company that is developing botanical drugs for the treatment of addictions  is today announcing the launch of a round of fundraising for approximately 2.5 million euros based on issuing new shares for professional investors  as defined below  and retail investors (through the PrimaryBid platform) (the “Operation”). NFL Biosciences plans to use the funds raised to support the development of its clinical research programs for the smoking cessation indication  its operations to develop a drug candidate for the indication to reduce alcohol consumption  and its day-to-day operations. Specifically  this round of fundraising will make it possible to supplement the financing for the CESTO II phase II/III trial  aiming to demonstrate the efficacy of its botanical drug candidate NFL-101 for smoking cessation (results expected in Q4 2023)  and the PRECESTO trial  assessing the potential of NFL-101 to be associated with nicotine replacement therapies (results expected in Q3 2023)  as well as the continued development of NFL-301  aimed at reducing alcohol consumption. For Ignacio Faus  NFL Biosciences CEO: “2023 looks set to be a rich year from a clinical perspective  with the first results on our priority projects in the third quarter of 2023 for PRECESTO and in the fourth quarter of 2023 for CESTO II. It is important to note that the cost of the clinical trials that we are carrying out is relatively low compared with other indications  especially because patients are monitored on an outpatient basis  yet smoking cessation in particular offers a very strong level of commercial potential on account of the number of smokers and the limitations involved with current treatments. As we maintain a very low fixed cost structure  the vast majority of the funds are allocated to financing clinical trials and therefore serve to increase the potential value of NFL Biosciences’ projects. With this round of fundraising  we are pushing back our cash horizon to March 2024. Alongside this  we still have two other applications for funding for a combined total to date of 1.7 million euros  which are currently being reviewed by Bpifrance. A response is expected for the first quarter of 2023”. Round of fundraising to supplement the financing for the NFL-101 clinical trials underway and continue developing NFL-301 NFL-101 is a clinically developed  nicotine-free botanical drug candidate from Institut Pasteur  comprising natural proteins extracted from tobacco leaves. It is protected by two international patent families and was subject to a third patent application in 2022. 75% of the funds raised will be allocated to financing the two clinical trials  CESTO II and PRECESTO. CESTO II • The CESTO II trial is progressing in line with the schedule set  with 75% of the 318 smokers recruited at the nine clinical investigation centers that are taking part in the study. NFL Biosciences expects to finalize recruitments at the end of the second quarter  which would enable results to be obtained for the main criteria at the end of 2023. CESTO II’s objectives are to select the best dose and assess the efficacy of NFL-101 versus placebo. The primary end-point for assessment is the subjects’ continued abstinence for four weeks (US Food & Drug Administration (FDA) accepted end-point). Many other secondary end-points will also be assessed  including the subjects’ continued abstinence for six months (European Medicines Agency (EMA) accepted end-point)  the number of cigarettes smoked  withdrawal symptoms and level of craving. About 55% of the funds raised will be allocated to finalizing this Phase II/III clinical trial. PRECESTO • This Phase IIa clinical trial aims primarily to validate the complementarity of NFL-101 with other smoking cessation treatments and particularly nicotine replacement therapies (transdermal patches  tablets  chewing gums  inhalers and nicotine sprays) with a view to developing an innovative treatment method by associating NFL-101 with other smoking cessation methods. The PRECESTO trial will compare against a placebo the capacity of NFL-101 to reduce smoking satisfaction and cravings. This is a randomized  double-blind trial that will include 34 smokers who are not looking to stop smoking and get great satisfaction from smoking with a cross-over design. This trial is expected to further strengthen the appeal of NFL-101 for pharmaceutical companies that sell smoking cessation drugs and could be interested in taking out licenses. About 20% of the funds raised will be allocated to putting in place and carrying out this Phase IIa clinical trial. The PRECESTO trial results are expected for the third quarter of 2023. NFL-301 • This natural drug candidate to reduce alcohol consumption is subject to a co-development agreement with ATHENA Pharmaceutiques  set up in February 2022. Under this partnership  ATHENA Pharmaceutiques  a market leader for the development and manufacturing of oral delivery drugs  will manage the development and manufacturing of NFL-301  while NFL Biosciences will draw up and lead the clinical program  which could be launched in the United States over the coming months. By allocating about 15% of the funds raised to this project  NFL Biosciences will be able to continue developing NFL-301 and file a pre-IND application with the US Food and Drug Administration (FDA) prior to a future clinical trial application. The partnership aims to develop NFL-301 at least until its placebo-controlled efficacy has been demonstrated as a treatment for reducing alcohol consumption. NFL Biosciences and ATHENA Pharmaceutiques will make a joint investment and will share future revenues based on their respective investments. The balance of the funds raised  approximately 10%  will be allocated to the day-to-day operations of the Company. Before carrying out this round of fundraising  NFL Biosciences’ cash horizon is the end of the second quarter of 2023. Considering the current level of cash and the estimated proceeds from this round of fundraising  NFL Biosciences is pushing back its cash horizon to March 2024. In addition  two other applications for subsidies for a combined total of 1.7 million euros to date  currently being reviewed by Bpifrance  with a response expected for the first quarter of 2023  would extend this cash horizon. NFL Biosciences will also continue to apply for non-dilutive financing solutions with French and European institutions. Fundraising conditions The fundraising will be carried out with two separate  but concomitant components: 1) An offer based on issuing new ordinary shares with preferential subscription rights waived for professional investors in accordance with Article L. 225-138 of the French commercial code (Code de commerce) on the one hand  and Article L. 411-2 of the French monetary and financial code (Code monétaire et financier) on the other hand (the “Reserved Offer”). The Reserved Offer will be carried out in accordance with the delegations granted to the Board of Directors under the terms of the 12th and 13th resolutions from the Extraordinary General Meeting on May 25  2022. The Reserved Offer is intended for: (i) the following categories of investors based on the 12th resolution:companies  investment funds and family offices that usually invest in small and medium-sized enterprises in the health sector  and the biotech sector in particular  with the Board of Directors to set the corresponding list  while noting that the maximum number of beneficiaries has been capped at 15;holding companies  collective savings management funds or life insurance companies  specialized in investing in small and mid caps from the health sector  and the biotech sector in particular;French or foreign-law companies or groups of companies that have operational activities in the health sector  with the Board of Directors to set the corresponding list  while noting that the maximum number of beneficiaries has been capped at 20 per issue;(ii) the investors covered by Article L. 411-2-1 of the French monetary and financial code based on the 13th resolution.The subscription price for the new shares with the Reserved Offer will as a minimum be equal to the volume-weighted average price of NFL Biosciences shares for the last five trading days prior to the setting of the price  less a potential discount of up to 30% in accordance with the abovementioned delegations. In this context  the price range  set between 2.08 euros and 2.35 euros per new share  shows a discount of 33.97% to 25.40% compared to the closing price of NFL Biosciences shares on Monday  January 30  2023  which is 3.15 euros  as well as a discount of 29.92% to 20.82% compared to the volume-weighted average price of NFL Biosciences shares over the last 5 trading days (from Monday  January 23 to Friday  January 27  2023)  which is equal to 2.9680 euros. 2) A public offering of new ordinary shares with preferential subscription rights waived for retail investors through the PrimaryBid platform under the 10th resolution from the Extraordinary General Shareholders’ Meeting on May 25  2022 (the “PrimaryBid Offer”). The PrimaryBid Offer will be carried out based on an allocation in proportion to the requests submitted within the limits of the amount allocated to this public offering  with allocations reduced in the event of surplus demand  if applicable  in accordance with Article L. 225-136 of the French commercial code. The amount of the Overall Offer will depend exclusively on the orders received for each of the aforementioned sections without any possibility to reallocate the amounts assigned from one to the other. The PrimaryBid Offer is subordinate to the Reserved Offer and will represent a maximum of 20% of the amount of the Overall Offer. Moreover  the PrimaryBid Offer will not be carried out if the capital increase for the Reserved Offer is not itself carried out. The Reserved Offer will be carried out with an accelerated book-build  following which the number and price of the new shares issued will be determined. In accordance with the 10th resolution from the General Meeting  the subscription price for the new shares that will be determined following this process with the Reserved Offer will as a minimum be equal to the volume-weighted average price of NFL Biosciences shares for the last five trading days prior to the setting of the price  less a potential discount of up to 30%. The price of the shares allocated in connection with the PrimaryBid Offer will be identical to that determined for the Reserved Offer. The accelerated book-building for the Reserved Offer is starting immediately and is expected to end before the start of trading on January31  2023  subject to potentially being closed early. The PrimaryBid Offer is also starting immediately and will end today at 10pm  subject to potentially being closed early. The definitive price and the final number of new ordinary shares to be issued with the Reserved Offer and the Overall Offer will be set by the Chief Executive Officer acting in accordance with a delegation granted by NFL Biosciences’ Board of Directors on January 30  2023 under and within the limits of the 10th  12th and 13th resolutions from NFL Biosciences’ Extraordinary General Shareholders’ Meeting on May 25  2022. NFL Biosciences will announce the results of the Overall Offer as soon as possible following the closing of the order book for the Reserved Offer in a press release  which will notably indicate the final number of new ordinary shares issued and the issue price. The settlement-delivery of the new ordinary shares issued in connection with the capital increase and their admission to trading on the Euronext Growth Paris market are scheduled for February 2nd  2023. The new shares will be of the same category and fungible with the existing shares  will be entitled to all the rights associated with the shares  and will be admitted to trading on the multilateral trading system Euronext Growth® Paris under the same ISIN  FR0014003XT0. In connection with the Operation  and if the Operation is successful  NFL Biosciences has made a commitment  on the one hand  to not carry out any capital increase based on new shares for a period of 6 months from the completion of the Operation without prior approval from Invest Securities and  on the other hand  to not issue any bonds that could be exchanged for or converted into new shares  whether or not these are combined with stock warrants  until December 31  2023. Financial intermediaries Invest Securities is the global coordinator - lead manager and bookrunner for the Reserved Offer. For the PrimaryBid Offer  investors will be able to subscribe exclusively through the PrimaryBid partners indicated on the PrimaryBid site (www.PrimaryBid.fr). The PrimaryBid Offer is not covered by an underwriting agreement. For further details  please refer to the PrimaryBid site at www.PrimaryBid.fr. Risk factors Readers’ attention is drawn to the risk factors relating to NFL Biosciences and its activity. The principal risks are the usual risks for a pharmaceutical biotechnology company. A detailed description of the Company’s risk factors is presented in the information document from June 15  2021  section 4 “Risk factors” (pages 15 to 33)  which is available on the Company’s website (https://www.nflbiosciences.com/documents). If all or part of these risks were to materialize  this would be likely to have an adverse impact on NFL Biosciences’ activity  financial position  results  development or outlook. The risk factors presented in said documents are identical on the date of this press release. In addition  investors are invited to take into consideration the following risks that are specific to the issue: The market price of NFL Biosciences shares could fluctuate and fall below the subscription price for the new shares issued as part of the operation;As a result of stock market fluctuations  the volatility and liquidity of NFL Biosciences’ shares could vary significantly;NFL Biosciences’ shares could be sold on the secondary market following the operation  and this could have an adverse impact on NFL Biosciences’ share price;NFL Biosciences shareholders could be subject to further dilution resulting from potential future capital increases;As the securities are not intended to be listed on a regulated market  investors will not be entitled to the guarantees associated with regulated markets.Such events could have a significant adverse impact on the market price of NFL Biosciences shares. Disclaimer Pursuant to the provisions of Article 1(4) of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 14 June 2017  the Operation will not give rise to the publication of a Prospectus subject to approval by the Autorité des Marchés Financiers (AMF). As such  this press release does not constitute a prospectus within the meaning of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 14 June 2017  as amended  or a public offering. The distribution of this press release may be subject to specific regulations in some countries. Consequently  persons physically present in those countries and in which the press release is circulated  published or distributed must inform themselves of and comply with those laws and regulations. This press release constitutes a promotional communication and not a prospectus within the meaning of the Prospectus Regulation. This press release does not constitute an offer to sell securities or any solicitation of an offer to buy or subscribe for securities in the United States of America. The shares or any other securities of the Company may only be offered or sold in the United States of America following a registration under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933 (the “Securities Act”)  as amended  or pursuant to an exemption from such registration requirement. The Operation may exceptionally be aimed at a limited number (i) of qualified institutional buyers in the United States of America (“qualified institutional buyers” or “QIB”) within the meaning of Rule 144A (“Rule 144A”) under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933  as amended and/or (ii) institutional accredited investors (“institutional accredited investors” or “IAI”) within the meaning of Rule 501 (a) (1)  (2)  (3)  (7)  (8)  (12) or (13) of Regulation D of the Securities Act pursuant to an exemption from registration in accordance with Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act  notably within the framework of the Issue Reserved for a Category of Persons  subject to entering into the categories determined in accordance with Article L. 225-138 of the French Commercial Code (Code de commerce). The shares of the Company will only be offered or sold outside the United States of America and in the framework of offshore transactions in accordance with Regulation S of the Securities Act. The Company does not intend to register the Operation in whole or in part in the United States of America or to make a public offering in the United States of America. With respect to Member States of the European Economic Area  no action has been or will be taken to permit a public offering of the securities covered by this press release requiring the publication by the Company of a prospectus in a Member State other than France. Accordingly  the shares of the Company may not be offered and will not be offered in any Member State other than France  except in cases not requiring the publication by the Company of a prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation and/or the regulations applicable in that Member State. This press release can be distributed (A) outside the United States in accordance with Regulation S of the US Securities Act solely to (i) persons in the United Kingdom (a) who are investment professionals within the meaning of Section 19(5) of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Financial Promotion) Order 2005 (as currently in force  hereinafter the “Financial Promotion Order”)  or (b) high net worth entities referred to in Section 49(2) (a) to (d) of the Financial Promotion Order  or (c) persons to whom an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activities (within the meaning of Section 21 of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000) in connection with the issue or sale of any securities of the Company or any member of its group may lawfully be communicated  directly or indirectly; (ii) persons in any other Member States of the European Economic Area who are “qualified investors” within the meaning of Article 2(e) of the Prospectus Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2017/1129  as amended); (iii) certain qualified and/or institutional investors in other selected jurisdictions  in accordance with the restrictions applicable; and persons in the United States who are “qualified institutional buyers”  within the meaning and on the basis of Rule 114A of the US Securities Act or another exemption from registration or a transaction that is not subject to registration under the US Securities Act. About NFL Biosciences NFL Biosciences is a biopharmaceutical company based in the Montpellier area which develops botanical drug candidates for the treatment of addictions. NFL Biosciences' ambition is to bring new  natural  safer and more effective therapeutic solutions to the entire world population  including low- and middle-income countries. Its most advanced product  called NFL-101  is a standardized  nicotine-free tobacco leaf extract protected by two patent families. NFL Biosciences intends to offer smokers who want to quit a natural  safe  easy-to-administer and personalized alternative. NFL Biosciences is also developing NFL-301  a natural drug candidate for the reduction of alcohol consumption and has a drug development project for the treatment of cannabis use disorders. The shares of NFL Biosciences are listed on Euronext Growth Paris (FR0014003XT0 – ALNFL). Find out more at www.nflbiosciences.com Contacts Bruno Lafont – info@nflbiosciences.com - +33 4 11 93 76 67 Agence Calyptus – nflbio@calyptus.net - +33 1 53 65 68 68 Attachment NFLBiosciences_CP_20230130_Lancement_ENGLISH_vdef© GlobeNewswire 2023 All news about NFL BIOSCIENCES 12:27p NFL Biosciences launches a round of fundraising for approximately 2.5 million euros GL 01/20 NFL Biosciences On Track to Complete Trial on Smoking Cessation Treatment by Year-end MT 01/20 Nfl Biosciences : CESTO II trial progressing on schedule GL 01/20 NFL Biosciences Announces CESTO II Trial Progressing on Schedule CI 01/17 Nfl Biosciences : Financial calendar for the first half of 2023 GL 01/17 Nfl Biosciences : Financial calendar for the first half of 2023 AQ 01/11 NFL Biosciences receives a joint grant from the French Government and the Occitanie Reg.. GL 01/11 NFL Biosciences receives a joint grant from the French Government and the Occitanie Reg.. AQ 2022 Nfl Biosciences : Clinical trial approved to demonstrate the complementarity of nfl-101 wi.. GL 2022 Nfl Biosciences : Clinical trial approved to demonstrate the complementarity of nfl-101 wi.. GL,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,negative,0.0,0.28,0.72,True,English,"['NFL Biosciences', '2.5 million euros', 'round', 'fundraising', 'CESTO II phase II/III trial', 'Many other secondary end-points', 'Phase II/III clinical trial', 'nine clinical investigation centers', 'two international patent families', 'Phase IIa clinical trial', 'low fixed cost structure', 'other smoking cessation methods', 'other smoking cessation treatments', 'The CESTO II trial', 'two other applications', 'multiple email addresses', 'Euronext Growth Paris', 'clinical research programs', 'third patent application', 'European Medicines Agency', 'randomized, double-blind tria', 'two clinical trials', 'innovative treatment method', 'smoking cessation indication', 'NFL Biosciences CEO', 'botanical drug candidate', 'NFL Biosciences shares', 'NFL Biosciences’ projects', 'NFL-101 clinical trials', 'The PrimaryBid Offer', 'other indications', 'clinical perspective', 'current treatments', 'PRECESTO trial', 'smoking satisfaction', 'botanical drugs', 'new shares', 'priority projects', 'third quarter', 'PrimaryBid platform', 'Drug Administration', '2.5 million euros', 'Capital increases', 'professional investors', 'public offering', 'retail investors', 'early closure', 'Price range', 'closing price', 'biopharmaceutical company', 'alcohol consumption', 'replacement therapies', 'Ignacio Faus', 'rich year', 'fourth quarter', 'outpatient basis', 'vast majority', 'cash horizon', 'combined total', '1.7 million euros', 'first quarter', 'Institut Pasteur', 'natural proteins', 'tobacco leaves', 'second quarter', 'main criteria', 'best dose', 'four weeks', 'US Food', 'six months', 'withdrawal symptoms', 'transdermal patches', 'chewing gums', 'global offer', 'commercial potential', 'potential value', 'First name', 'day operations', 'continued development', 'strong level', 'continued abstinence', 'primary end-point', 'first results', 'round', 'fundraising', 'commas', 'Message', 'Required', 'fields', 'part', 'January', 'start', 'trading', 'discount', 'ALNFL', 'addictions', 'launch', 'funds', 'financing', 'efficacy', 'Q4', 'Q3', 'patients', 'account', 'number', 'smokers', 'limitations', 'March', 'funding', 'Bpifrance', 'response', 'line', 'schedule', 'study', 'recruitments', 'objectives', 'placebo', 'assessment', 'subjects', 'FDA', 'cigarettes', 'craving', 'complementarity', 'tablets', 'inhalers', 'sprays', 'view', 'capacity']",2023-01-30,2023-01-30,marketscreener.com
17417,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/01/30/2597872/0/en/NFL-Biosciences-launches-a-round-of-fundraising-for-approximately-2-5-million-euros.html,NFL Biosciences launches a round of fundraising for approximately 2.5 million euros,NFL Biosciences launches a round of fundraising for approximately 2.5 million euros  Capital increases as part of a global offer comprising an offer......,NFL Biosciences launches a round of fundraising for approximately 2.5 million eurosCapital increases as part of a global offer comprising an offer reserved for professional investors and a public offering for retail investors through the PrimaryBid platform.The PrimaryBid Offer will close on January 30 at 10 pm and the Offer reserved for professional investors will close on January 31   2023 before start of trading (subject to early closure).Price range of €2.08 to €2.35 per new share  representing a discount of 33.97% to 25.40% to the closing price of NFL Biosciences shares on January 30  2023.NFL BIOSCIENCES (Euronext Growth Paris – FR0014003XT0 – ALNFL)  a biopharmaceutical company that is developing botanical drugs for the treatment of addictions  is today announcing the launch of a round of fundraising for approximately 2.5 million euros based on issuing new shares for professional investors  as defined below  and retail investors (through the PrimaryBid platform) (the “Operation”).NFL Biosciences plans to use the funds raised to support the development of its clinical research programs for the smoking cessation indication  its operations to develop a drug candidate for the indication to reduce alcohol consumption  and its day-to-day operations. Specifically  this round of fundraising will make it possible to supplement the financing for the CESTO II phase II/III trial  aiming to demonstrate the efficacy of its botanical drug candidate NFL-101 for smoking cessation (results expected in Q4 2023)  and the PRECESTO trial  assessing the potential of NFL-101 to be associated with nicotine replacement therapies (results expected in Q3 2023)  as well as the continued development of NFL-301  aimed at reducing alcohol consumption.For Ignacio Faus  NFL Biosciences CEO: “2023 looks set to be a rich year from a clinical perspective  with the first results on our priority projects in the third quarter of 2023 for PRECESTO and in the fourth quarter of 2023 for CESTO II.It is important to note that the cost of the clinical trials that we are carrying out is relatively low compared with other indications  especially because patients are monitored on an outpatient basis  yet smoking cessation in particular offers a very strong level of commercial potential on account of the number of smokers and the limitations involved with current treatments. As we maintain a very low fixed cost structure  the vast majority of the funds are allocated to financing clinical trials and therefore serve to increase the potential value of NFL Biosciences’ projects.With this round of fundraising  we are pushing back our cash horizon to March 2024. Alongside this  we still have two other applications for funding for a combined total to date of 1.7 million euros  which are currently being reviewed by Bpifrance. A response is expected for the first quarter of 2023”.Round of fundraising to supplement the financing for the NFL-101 clinical trials underway and continue developing NFL-301NFL-101 is a clinically developed  nicotine-free botanical drug candidate from Institut Pasteur  comprising natural proteins extracted from tobacco leaves. It is protected by two international patent families and was subject to a third patent application in 2022. 75% of the funds raised will be allocated to financing the two clinical trials  CESTO II and PRECESTO.CESTO II • The CESTO II trial is progressing in line with the schedule set  with 75% of the 318 smokers recruited at the nine clinical investigation centers that are taking part in the study. NFL Biosciences expects to finalize recruitments at the end of the second quarter  which would enable results to be obtained for the main criteria at the end of 2023. CESTO II’s objectives are to select the best dose and assess the efficacy of NFL-101 versus placebo. The primary end-point for assessment is the subjects’ continued abstinence for four weeks (US Food & Drug Administration (FDA) accepted end-point). Many other secondary end-points will also be assessed  including the subjects’ continued abstinence for six months (European Medicines Agency (EMA) accepted end-point)  the number of cigarettes smoked  withdrawal symptoms and level of craving. About 55% of the funds raised will be allocated to finalizing this Phase II/III clinical trial.PRECESTO • This Phase IIa clinical trial aims primarily to validate the complementarity of NFL-101 with other smoking cessation treatments and particularly nicotine replacement therapies (transdermal patches  tablets  chewing gums  inhalers and nicotine sprays) with a view to developing an innovative treatment method by associating NFL-101 with other smoking cessation methods. The PRECESTO trial will compare against a placebo the capacity of NFL-101 to reduce smoking satisfaction and cravings. This is a randomized  double-blind trial that will include 34 smokers who are not looking to stop smoking and get great satisfaction from smoking with a cross-over design. This trial is expected to further strengthen the appeal of NFL-101 for pharmaceutical companies that sell smoking cessation drugs and could be interested in taking out licenses. About 20% of the funds raised will be allocated to putting in place and carrying out this Phase IIa clinical trial. The PRECESTO trial results are expected for the third quarter of 2023.NFL-301 • This natural drug candidate to reduce alcohol consumption is subject to a co-development agreement with ATHENA Pharmaceutiques  set up in February 2022. Under this partnership  ATHENA Pharmaceutiques  a market leader for the development and manufacturing of oral delivery drugs  will manage the development and manufacturing of NFL-301  while NFL Biosciences will draw up and lead the clinical program  which could be launched in the United States over the coming months. By allocating about 15% of the funds raised to this project  NFL Biosciences will be able to continue developing NFL-301 and file a pre-IND application with the US Food and Drug Administration (FDA) prior to a future clinical trial application. The partnership aims to develop NFL-301 at least until its placebo-controlled efficacy has been demonstrated as a treatment for reducing alcohol consumption. NFL Biosciences and ATHENA Pharmaceutiques will make a joint investment and will share future revenues based on their respective investments.The balance of the funds raised  approximately 10%  will be allocated to the day-to-day operations of the Company.Before carrying out this round of fundraising  NFL Biosciences’ cash horizon is the end of the second quarter of 2023. Considering the current level of cash and the estimated proceeds from this round of fundraising  NFL Biosciences is pushing back its cash horizon to March 2024. In addition  two other applications for subsidies for a combined total of 1.7 million euros to date  currently being reviewed by Bpifrance  with a response expected for the first quarter of 2023  would extend this cash horizon. NFL Biosciences will also continue to apply for non-dilutive financing solutions with French and European institutions.Fundraising conditionsThe fundraising will be carried out with two separate  but concomitant components:1) An offer based on issuing new ordinary shares with preferential subscription rights waived for professional investors in accordance with Article L. 225-138 of the French commercial code (Code de commerce) on the one hand  and Article L. 411-2 of the French monetary and financial code (Code monétaire et financier) on the other hand (the “Reserved Offer”). The Reserved Offer will be carried out in accordance with the delegations granted to the Board of Directors under the terms of the 12th and 13th resolutions from the Extraordinary General Meeting on May 25  2022.The Reserved Offer is intended for:(i) the following categories of investors based on the 12th resolution:companies  investment funds and family offices that usually invest in small and medium-sized enterprises in the health sector  and the biotech sector in particular  with the Board of Directors to set the corresponding list  while noting that the maximum number of beneficiaries has been capped at 15;holding companies  collective savings management funds or life insurance companies  specialized in investing in small and mid caps from the health sector  and the biotech sector in particular;French or foreign-law companies or groups of companies that have operational activities in the health sector  with the Board of Directors to set the corresponding list  while noting that the maximum number of beneficiaries has been capped at 20 per issue;(ii) the investors covered by Article L. 411-2-1 of the French monetary and financial code based on the 13th resolution.The subscription price for the new shares with the Reserved Offer will as a minimum be equal to the volume-weighted average price of NFL Biosciences shares for the last five trading days prior to the setting of the price  less a potential discount of up to 30% in accordance with the abovementioned delegations. In this context  the price range  set between 2.08 euros and 2.35 euros per new share  shows a discount of 33.97% to 25.40% compared to the closing price of NFL Biosciences shares on Monday  January 30  2023  which is 3.15 euros  as well as a discount of 29.92% to 20.82% compared to the volume-weighted average price of NFL Biosciences shares over the last 5 trading days (from Monday  January 23 to Friday  January 27  2023)  which is equal to 2.9680 euros.2) A public offering of new ordinary shares with preferential subscription rights waived for retail investors through the PrimaryBid platform under the 10th resolution from the Extraordinary General Shareholders’ Meeting on May 25  2022 (the “PrimaryBid Offer”). The PrimaryBid Offer will be carried out based on an allocation in proportion to the requests submitted within the limits of the amount allocated to this public offering  with allocations reduced in the event of surplus demand  if applicable  in accordance with Article L. 225-136 of the French commercial code. The amount of the Overall Offer will depend exclusively on the orders received for each of the aforementioned sections without any possibility to reallocate the amounts assigned from one to the other. The PrimaryBid Offer is subordinate to the Reserved Offer and will represent a maximum of 20% of the amount of the Overall Offer. Moreover  the PrimaryBid Offer will not be carried out if the capital increase for the Reserved Offer is not itself carried out.The Reserved Offer will be carried out with an accelerated book-build  following which the number and price of the new shares issued will be determined. In accordance with the 10th resolution from the General Meeting  the subscription price for the new shares that will be determined following this process with the Reserved Offer will as a minimum be equal to the volume-weighted average price of NFL Biosciences shares for the last five trading days prior to the setting of the price  less a potential discount of up to 30%. The price of the shares allocated in connection with the PrimaryBid Offer will be identical to that determined for the Reserved Offer.The accelerated book-building for the Reserved Offer is starting immediately and is expected to end before the start of trading on January31  2023  subject to potentially being closed early. The PrimaryBid Offer is also starting immediately and will end today at 10pm  subject to potentially being closed early.The definitive price and the final number of new ordinary shares to be issued with the Reserved Offer and the Overall Offer will be set by the Chief Executive Officer acting in accordance with a delegation granted by NFL Biosciences’ Board of Directors on January 30  2023 under and within the limits of the 10th  12th and 13th resolutions from NFL Biosciences’ Extraordinary General Shareholders’ Meeting on May 25  2022.NFL Biosciences will announce the results of the Overall Offer as soon as possible following the closing of the order book for the Reserved Offer in a press release  which will notably indicate the final number of new ordinary shares issued and the issue price.The settlement-delivery of the new ordinary shares issued in connection with the capital increase and their admission to trading on the Euronext Growth Paris market are scheduled for February 2nd  2023. The new shares will be of the same category and fungible with the existing shares  will be entitled to all the rights associated with the shares  and will be admitted to trading on the multilateral trading system Euronext Growth® Paris under the same ISIN  FR0014003XT0.In connection with the Operation  and if the Operation is successful  NFL Biosciences has made a commitment  on the one hand  to not carry out any capital increase based on new shares for a period of 6 months from the completion of the Operation without prior approval from Invest Securities and  on the other hand  to not issue any bonds that could be exchanged for or converted into new shares  whether or not these are combined with stock warrants  until December 31  2023.Financial intermediariesInvest Securities is the global coordinator - lead manager and bookrunner for the Reserved Offer.For the PrimaryBid Offer  investors will be able to subscribe exclusively through the PrimaryBid partners indicated on the PrimaryBid site (www.PrimaryBid.fr). The PrimaryBid Offer is not covered by an underwriting agreement. For further details  please refer to the PrimaryBid site at www.PrimaryBid.fr.Risk factorsReaders’ attention is drawn to the risk factors relating to NFL Biosciences and its activity. The principal risks are the usual risks for a pharmaceutical biotechnology company. A detailed description of the Company’s risk factors is presented in the information document from June 15  2021  section 4 “Risk factors” (pages 15 to 33)  which is available on the Company’s website (https://www.nflbiosciences.com/documents).If all or part of these risks were to materialize  this would be likely to have an adverse impact on NFL Biosciences’ activity  financial position  results  development or outlook. The risk factors presented in said documents are identical on the date of this press release.In addition  investors are invited to take into consideration the following risks that are specific to the issue:The market price of NFL Biosciences shares could fluctuate and fall below the subscription price for the new shares issued as part of the operation;As a result of stock market fluctuations  the volatility and liquidity of NFL Biosciences’ shares could vary significantly;NFL Biosciences’ shares could be sold on the secondary market following the operation  and this could have an adverse impact on NFL Biosciences’ share price;NFL Biosciences shareholders could be subject to further dilution resulting from potential future capital increases;As the securities are not intended to be listed on a regulated market  investors will not be entitled to the guarantees associated with regulated markets.Such events could have a significant adverse impact on the market price of NFL Biosciences shares.DisclaimerPursuant to the provisions of Article 1(4) of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 14 June 2017  the Operation will not give rise to the publication of a Prospectus subject to approval by the Autorité des Marchés Financiers (AMF).As such  this press release does not constitute a prospectus within the meaning of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 14 June 2017  as amended  or a public offering.The distribution of this press release may be subject to specific regulations in some countries. Consequently  persons physically present in those countries and in which the press release is circulated  published or distributed must inform themselves of and comply with those laws and regulations.This press release constitutes a promotional communication and not a prospectus within the meaning of the Prospectus Regulation.This press release does not constitute an offer to sell securities or any solicitation of an offer to buy or subscribe for securities in the United States of America. The shares or any other securities of the Company may only be offered or sold in the United States of America following a registration under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933 (the “Securities Act”)  as amended  or pursuant to an exemption from such registration requirement. The Operation may exceptionally be aimed at a limited number (i) of qualified institutional buyers in the United States of America (“qualified institutional buyers” or “QIB”) within the meaning of Rule 144A (“Rule 144A”) under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933  as amended and/or (ii) institutional accredited investors (“institutional accredited investors” or “IAI”) within the meaning of Rule 501 (a) (1)  (2)  (3)  (7)  (8)  (12) or (13) of Regulation D of the Securities Act pursuant to an exemption from registration in accordance with Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act  notably within the framework of the Issue Reserved for a Category of Persons  subject to entering into the categories determined in accordance with Article L. 225-138 of the French Commercial Code (Code de commerce). The shares of the Company will only be offered or sold outside the United States of America and in the framework of offshore transactions in accordance with Regulation S of the Securities Act. The Company does not intend to register the Operation in whole or in part in the United States of America or to make a public offering in the United States of America.With respect to Member States of the European Economic Area  no action has been or will be taken to permit a public offering of the securities covered by this press release requiring the publication by the Company of a prospectus in a Member State other than France. Accordingly  the shares of the Company may not be offered and will not be offered in any Member State other than France  except in cases not requiring the publication by the Company of a prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation and/or the regulations applicable in that Member State.This press release can be distributed (A) outside the United States in accordance with Regulation S of the US Securities Act solely to (i) persons in the United Kingdom (a) who are investment professionals within the meaning of Section 19(5) of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Financial Promotion) Order 2005 (as currently in force  hereinafter the “Financial Promotion Order”)  or (b) high net worth entities referred to in Section 49(2) (a) to (d) of the Financial Promotion Order  or (c) persons to whom an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activities (within the meaning of Section 21 of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000) in connection with the issue or sale of any securities of the Company or any member of its group may lawfully be communicated  directly or indirectly; (ii) persons in any other Member States of the European Economic Area who are “qualified investors” within the meaning of Article 2(e) of the Prospectus Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2017/1129  as amended); (iii) certain qualified and/or institutional investors in other selected jurisdictions  in accordance with the restrictions applicable; and persons in the United States who are “qualified institutional buyers”  within the meaning and on the basis of Rule 114A of the US Securities Act or another exemption from registration or a transaction that is not subject to registration under the US Securities Act.About NFL BiosciencesNFL Biosciences is a biopharmaceutical company based in the Montpellier area which develops botanical drug candidates for the treatment of addictions. NFL Biosciences' ambition is to bring new  natural  safer and more effective therapeutic solutions to the entire world population  including low- and middle-income countries. Its most advanced product  called NFL-101  is a standardized  nicotine-free tobacco leaf extract protected by two patent families. NFL Biosciences intends to offer smokers who want to quit a natural  safe  easy-to-administer and personalized alternative. NFL Biosciences is also developing NFL-301  a natural drug candidate for the reduction of alcohol consumption and has a drug development project for the treatment of cannabis use disorders.The shares of NFL Biosciences are listed on Euronext Growth Paris (FR0014003XT0 – ALNFL). Find out more at www.nflbiosciences.comContactsBruno Lafont – info@nflbiosciences.com - +33 4 11 93 76 67 Agence Calyptus – nflbio@calyptus.net - +33 1 53 65 68 68Attachment,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.49,0.15,0.36,True,English,"['NFL Biosciences', '2.5 million euros', 'round', 'fundraising', 'CESTO II phase II/III trial', 'Many other secondary end-points', 'nine clinical investigation centers', 'Phase II/III clinical trial', 'two international patent families', 'low fixed cost structure', 'Phase IIa clinical trial', 'other smoking cessation methods', 'other smoking cessation treatments', 'The CESTO II trial', 'two other applications', 'randomized, double-blind trial', 'Euronext Growth Paris', 'clinical research programs', 'third patent application', 'European Medicines Agency', 'two clinical trials', 'innovative treatment method', 'NFL Biosciences CEO', 'smoking cessation indication', 'botanical drug candidate', 'NFL Biosciences shares', 'NFL Biosciences’ projects', 'NFL-101 clinical trials', 'The PrimaryBid Offer', 'other indications', 'clinical perspective', 'current treatments', 'smoking satisfaction', 'PRECESTO trial', 'botanical drugs', 'new shares', 'priority projects', 'third quarter', 'PrimaryBid platform', 'Drug Administration', '2.5 million euros', 'Capital increases', 'professional investors', 'public offering', 'retail investors', 'early closure', 'Price range', 'closing price', 'biopharmaceutical company', 'alcohol consumption', 'replacement therapies', 'Ignacio Faus', 'rich year', 'fourth quarter', 'outpatient basis', 'vast majority', 'cash horizon', 'combined total', '1.7 million euros', 'first quarter', 'Institut Pasteur', 'natural proteins', 'tobacco leaves', 'second quarter', 'main criteria', 'best dose', 'four weeks', 'US Food', 'six months', 'withdrawal symptoms', 'transdermal patches', 'chewing gums', 'great satisfaction', 'cross-over design', 'pharmaceutical companies', 'global offer', 'commercial potential', 'potential value', 'day operations', 'continued development', 'strong level', 'continued abstinence', 'primary end-point', 'first results', 'round', 'fundraising', 'part', 'January', 'start', 'trading', 'discount', 'ALNFL', 'addictions', 'launch', 'funds', 'financing', 'efficacy', 'Q4', 'Q3', 'patients', 'account', 'number', 'smokers', 'limitations', 'March', 'funding', 'Bpifrance', 'response', 'NFL-301', 'line', 'schedule', 'study', 'recruitments', 'objectives', 'placebo', 'assessment', 'subjects', 'FDA', 'EMA', 'cigarettes', 'craving', 'complementarity', 'tablets', 'inhalers', 'sprays', 'view', 'capacity', 'appeal']",2023-01-30,2023-01-30,globenewswire.com
17418,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/NFL-BIOSCIENCES-123776242/news/NFL-Biosciences-launches-a-round-of-fundraising-for-approximately-2-5-million-euros-42849085/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230130,NFL Biosciences launches a round of fundraising for approximately 2.5 million euros,(marketscreener.com) NFL Biosciences launches a round of fundraising for approximately 2.5 million euros Capital increases as part of a global offer comprising an offer reserved for professional investors and a public offering for retail investors through the…,NFL Biosciences launches a round of fundraising for approximately 2.5 million euros 01/30/2023 | 12:27pm EST Send by mail :Name : First name : From * : To * : (You can enter multiple email addresses separated by commas) Message : * Required fields NFL Biosciences launches a round of fundraising for approximately 2.5 million euros Capital increases as part of a global offer comprising an offer reserved for professional investors and a public offering for retail investors through the PrimaryBid platform.The PrimaryBid Offer will close on January 30 at 10 pm and the Offer reserved for professional investors will close on January 31   2023 before start of trading (subject to early closure).Price range of €2.08 to €2.35 per new share  representing a discount of 33.97% to 25.40% to the closing price of NFL Biosciences shares on January 30  2023.NFL BIOSCIENCES (Euronext Growth Paris – FR0014003XT0 – ALNFL)  a biopharmaceutical company that is developing botanical drugs for the treatment of addictions  is today announcing the launch of a round of fundraising for approximately 2.5 million euros based on issuing new shares for professional investors  as defined below  and retail investors (through the PrimaryBid platform) (the “Operation”). NFL Biosciences plans to use the funds raised to support the development of its clinical research programs for the smoking cessation indication  its operations to develop a drug candidate for the indication to reduce alcohol consumption  and its day-to-day operations. Specifically  this round of fundraising will make it possible to supplement the financing for the CESTO II phase II/III trial  aiming to demonstrate the efficacy of its botanical drug candidate NFL-101 for smoking cessation (results expected in Q4 2023)  and the PRECESTO trial  assessing the potential of NFL-101 to be associated with nicotine replacement therapies (results expected in Q3 2023)  as well as the continued development of NFL-301  aimed at reducing alcohol consumption. For Ignacio Faus  NFL Biosciences CEO: “2023 looks set to be a rich year from a clinical perspective  with the first results on our priority projects in the third quarter of 2023 for PRECESTO and in the fourth quarter of 2023 for CESTO II. It is important to note that the cost of the clinical trials that we are carrying out is relatively low compared with other indications  especially because patients are monitored on an outpatient basis  yet smoking cessation in particular offers a very strong level of commercial potential on account of the number of smokers and the limitations involved with current treatments. As we maintain a very low fixed cost structure  the vast majority of the funds are allocated to financing clinical trials and therefore serve to increase the potential value of NFL Biosciences’ projects. With this round of fundraising  we are pushing back our cash horizon to March 2024. Alongside this  we still have two other applications for funding for a combined total to date of 1.7 million euros  which are currently being reviewed by Bpifrance. A response is expected for the first quarter of 2023”. Round of fundraising to supplement the financing for the NFL-101 clinical trials underway and continue developing NFL-301 NFL-101 is a clinically developed  nicotine-free botanical drug candidate from Institut Pasteur  comprising natural proteins extracted from tobacco leaves. It is protected by two international patent families and was subject to a third patent application in 2022. 75% of the funds raised will be allocated to financing the two clinical trials  CESTO II and PRECESTO. CESTO II • The CESTO II trial is progressing in line with the schedule set  with 75% of the 318 smokers recruited at the nine clinical investigation centers that are taking part in the study. NFL Biosciences expects to finalize recruitments at the end of the second quarter  which would enable results to be obtained for the main criteria at the end of 2023. CESTO II’s objectives are to select the best dose and assess the efficacy of NFL-101 versus placebo. The primary end-point for assessment is the subjects’ continued abstinence for four weeks (US Food & Drug Administration (FDA) accepted end-point). Many other secondary end-points will also be assessed  including the subjects’ continued abstinence for six months (European Medicines Agency (EMA) accepted end-point)  the number of cigarettes smoked  withdrawal symptoms and level of craving. About 55% of the funds raised will be allocated to finalizing this Phase II/III clinical trial. PRECESTO • This Phase IIa clinical trial aims primarily to validate the complementarity of NFL-101 with other smoking cessation treatments and particularly nicotine replacement therapies (transdermal patches  tablets  chewing gums  inhalers and nicotine sprays) with a view to developing an innovative treatment method by associating NFL-101 with other smoking cessation methods. The PRECESTO trial will compare against a placebo the capacity of NFL-101 to reduce smoking satisfaction and cravings. This is a randomized  double-blind trial that will include 34 smokers who are not looking to stop smoking and get great satisfaction from smoking with a cross-over design. This trial is expected to further strengthen the appeal of NFL-101 for pharmaceutical companies that sell smoking cessation drugs and could be interested in taking out licenses. About 20% of the funds raised will be allocated to putting in place and carrying out this Phase IIa clinical trial. The PRECESTO trial results are expected for the third quarter of 2023. NFL-301 • This natural drug candidate to reduce alcohol consumption is subject to a co-development agreement with ATHENA Pharmaceutiques  set up in February 2022. Under this partnership  ATHENA Pharmaceutiques  a market leader for the development and manufacturing of oral delivery drugs  will manage the development and manufacturing of NFL-301  while NFL Biosciences will draw up and lead the clinical program  which could be launched in the United States over the coming months. By allocating about 15% of the funds raised to this project  NFL Biosciences will be able to continue developing NFL-301 and file a pre-IND application with the US Food and Drug Administration (FDA) prior to a future clinical trial application. The partnership aims to develop NFL-301 at least until its placebo-controlled efficacy has been demonstrated as a treatment for reducing alcohol consumption. NFL Biosciences and ATHENA Pharmaceutiques will make a joint investment and will share future revenues based on their respective investments. The balance of the funds raised  approximately 10%  will be allocated to the day-to-day operations of the Company. Before carrying out this round of fundraising  NFL Biosciences’ cash horizon is the end of the second quarter of 2023. Considering the current level of cash and the estimated proceeds from this round of fundraising  NFL Biosciences is pushing back its cash horizon to March 2024. In addition  two other applications for subsidies for a combined total of 1.7 million euros to date  currently being reviewed by Bpifrance  with a response expected for the first quarter of 2023  would extend this cash horizon. NFL Biosciences will also continue to apply for non-dilutive financing solutions with French and European institutions. Fundraising conditions The fundraising will be carried out with two separate  but concomitant components: 1) An offer based on issuing new ordinary shares with preferential subscription rights waived for professional investors in accordance with Article L. 225-138 of the French commercial code (Code de commerce) on the one hand  and Article L. 411-2 of the French monetary and financial code (Code monétaire et financier) on the other hand (the “Reserved Offer”). The Reserved Offer will be carried out in accordance with the delegations granted to the Board of Directors under the terms of the 12th and 13th resolutions from the Extraordinary General Meeting on May 25  2022. The Reserved Offer is intended for: (i) the following categories of investors based on the 12th resolution:companies  investment funds and family offices that usually invest in small and medium-sized enterprises in the health sector  and the biotech sector in particular  with the Board of Directors to set the corresponding list  while noting that the maximum number of beneficiaries has been capped at 15;holding companies  collective savings management funds or life insurance companies  specialized in investing in small and mid caps from the health sector  and the biotech sector in particular;French or foreign-law companies or groups of companies that have operational activities in the health sector  with the Board of Directors to set the corresponding list  while noting that the maximum number of beneficiaries has been capped at 20 per issue;(ii) the investors covered by Article L. 411-2-1 of the French monetary and financial code based on the 13th resolution.The subscription price for the new shares with the Reserved Offer will as a minimum be equal to the volume-weighted average price of NFL Biosciences shares for the last five trading days prior to the setting of the price  less a potential discount of up to 30% in accordance with the abovementioned delegations. In this context  the price range  set between 2.08 euros and 2.35 euros per new share  shows a discount of 33.97% to 25.40% compared to the closing price of NFL Biosciences shares on Monday  January 30  2023  which is 3.15 euros  as well as a discount of 29.92% to 20.82% compared to the volume-weighted average price of NFL Biosciences shares over the last 5 trading days (from Monday  January 23 to Friday  January 27  2023)  which is equal to 2.9680 euros. 2) A public offering of new ordinary shares with preferential subscription rights waived for retail investors through the PrimaryBid platform under the 10th resolution from the Extraordinary General Shareholders’ Meeting on May 25  2022 (the “PrimaryBid Offer”). The PrimaryBid Offer will be carried out based on an allocation in proportion to the requests submitted within the limits of the amount allocated to this public offering  with allocations reduced in the event of surplus demand  if applicable  in accordance with Article L. 225-136 of the French commercial code. The amount of the Overall Offer will depend exclusively on the orders received for each of the aforementioned sections without any possibility to reallocate the amounts assigned from one to the other. The PrimaryBid Offer is subordinate to the Reserved Offer and will represent a maximum of 20% of the amount of the Overall Offer. Moreover  the PrimaryBid Offer will not be carried out if the capital increase for the Reserved Offer is not itself carried out. The Reserved Offer will be carried out with an accelerated book-build  following which the number and price of the new shares issued will be determined. In accordance with the 10th resolution from the General Meeting  the subscription price for the new shares that will be determined following this process with the Reserved Offer will as a minimum be equal to the volume-weighted average price of NFL Biosciences shares for the last five trading days prior to the setting of the price  less a potential discount of up to 30%. The price of the shares allocated in connection with the PrimaryBid Offer will be identical to that determined for the Reserved Offer. The accelerated book-building for the Reserved Offer is starting immediately and is expected to end before the start of trading on January31  2023  subject to potentially being closed early. The PrimaryBid Offer is also starting immediately and will end today at 10pm  subject to potentially being closed early. The definitive price and the final number of new ordinary shares to be issued with the Reserved Offer and the Overall Offer will be set by the Chief Executive Officer acting in accordance with a delegation granted by NFL Biosciences’ Board of Directors on January 30  2023 under and within the limits of the 10th  12th and 13th resolutions from NFL Biosciences’ Extraordinary General Shareholders’ Meeting on May 25  2022. NFL Biosciences will announce the results of the Overall Offer as soon as possible following the closing of the order book for the Reserved Offer in a press release  which will notably indicate the final number of new ordinary shares issued and the issue price. The settlement-delivery of the new ordinary shares issued in connection with the capital increase and their admission to trading on the Euronext Growth Paris market are scheduled for February 2nd  2023. The new shares will be of the same category and fungible with the existing shares  will be entitled to all the rights associated with the shares  and will be admitted to trading on the multilateral trading system Euronext Growth® Paris under the same ISIN  FR0014003XT0. In connection with the Operation  and if the Operation is successful  NFL Biosciences has made a commitment  on the one hand  to not carry out any capital increase based on new shares for a period of 6 months from the completion of the Operation without prior approval from Invest Securities and  on the other hand  to not issue any bonds that could be exchanged for or converted into new shares  whether or not these are combined with stock warrants  until December 31  2023. Financial intermediaries Invest Securities is the global coordinator - lead manager and bookrunner for the Reserved Offer. For the PrimaryBid Offer  investors will be able to subscribe exclusively through the PrimaryBid partners indicated on the PrimaryBid site (www.PrimaryBid.fr). The PrimaryBid Offer is not covered by an underwriting agreement. For further details  please refer to the PrimaryBid site at www.PrimaryBid.fr. Risk factors Readers’ attention is drawn to the risk factors relating to NFL Biosciences and its activity. The principal risks are the usual risks for a pharmaceutical biotechnology company. A detailed description of the Company’s risk factors is presented in the information document from June 15  2021  section 4 “Risk factors” (pages 15 to 33)  which is available on the Company’s website (https://www.nflbiosciences.com/documents). If all or part of these risks were to materialize  this would be likely to have an adverse impact on NFL Biosciences’ activity  financial position  results  development or outlook. The risk factors presented in said documents are identical on the date of this press release. In addition  investors are invited to take into consideration the following risks that are specific to the issue: The market price of NFL Biosciences shares could fluctuate and fall below the subscription price for the new shares issued as part of the operation;As a result of stock market fluctuations  the volatility and liquidity of NFL Biosciences’ shares could vary significantly;NFL Biosciences’ shares could be sold on the secondary market following the operation  and this could have an adverse impact on NFL Biosciences’ share price;NFL Biosciences shareholders could be subject to further dilution resulting from potential future capital increases;As the securities are not intended to be listed on a regulated market  investors will not be entitled to the guarantees associated with regulated markets.Such events could have a significant adverse impact on the market price of NFL Biosciences shares. Disclaimer Pursuant to the provisions of Article 1(4) of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 14 June 2017  the Operation will not give rise to the publication of a Prospectus subject to approval by the Autorité des Marchés Financiers (AMF). As such  this press release does not constitute a prospectus within the meaning of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 14 June 2017  as amended  or a public offering. The distribution of this press release may be subject to specific regulations in some countries. Consequently  persons physically present in those countries and in which the press release is circulated  published or distributed must inform themselves of and comply with those laws and regulations. This press release constitutes a promotional communication and not a prospectus within the meaning of the Prospectus Regulation. This press release does not constitute an offer to sell securities or any solicitation of an offer to buy or subscribe for securities in the United States of America. The shares or any other securities of the Company may only be offered or sold in the United States of America following a registration under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933 (the “Securities Act”)  as amended  or pursuant to an exemption from such registration requirement. The Operation may exceptionally be aimed at a limited number (i) of qualified institutional buyers in the United States of America (“qualified institutional buyers” or “QIB”) within the meaning of Rule 144A (“Rule 144A”) under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933  as amended and/or (ii) institutional accredited investors (“institutional accredited investors” or “IAI”) within the meaning of Rule 501 (a) (1)  (2)  (3)  (7)  (8)  (12) or (13) of Regulation D of the Securities Act pursuant to an exemption from registration in accordance with Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act  notably within the framework of the Issue Reserved for a Category of Persons  subject to entering into the categories determined in accordance with Article L. 225-138 of the French Commercial Code (Code de commerce). The shares of the Company will only be offered or sold outside the United States of America and in the framework of offshore transactions in accordance with Regulation S of the Securities Act. The Company does not intend to register the Operation in whole or in part in the United States of America or to make a public offering in the United States of America. With respect to Member States of the European Economic Area  no action has been or will be taken to permit a public offering of the securities covered by this press release requiring the publication by the Company of a prospectus in a Member State other than France. Accordingly  the shares of the Company may not be offered and will not be offered in any Member State other than France  except in cases not requiring the publication by the Company of a prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation and/or the regulations applicable in that Member State. This press release can be distributed (A) outside the United States in accordance with Regulation S of the US Securities Act solely to (i) persons in the United Kingdom (a) who are investment professionals within the meaning of Section 19(5) of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Financial Promotion) Order 2005 (as currently in force  hereinafter the “Financial Promotion Order”)  or (b) high net worth entities referred to in Section 49(2) (a) to (d) of the Financial Promotion Order  or (c) persons to whom an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activities (within the meaning of Section 21 of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000) in connection with the issue or sale of any securities of the Company or any member of its group may lawfully be communicated  directly or indirectly; (ii) persons in any other Member States of the European Economic Area who are “qualified investors” within the meaning of Article 2(e) of the Prospectus Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2017/1129  as amended); (iii) certain qualified and/or institutional investors in other selected jurisdictions  in accordance with the restrictions applicable; and persons in the United States who are “qualified institutional buyers”  within the meaning and on the basis of Rule 114A of the US Securities Act or another exemption from registration or a transaction that is not subject to registration under the US Securities Act. About NFL Biosciences NFL Biosciences is a biopharmaceutical company based in the Montpellier area which develops botanical drug candidates for the treatment of addictions. NFL Biosciences' ambition is to bring new  natural  safer and more effective therapeutic solutions to the entire world population  including low- and middle-income countries. Its most advanced product  called NFL-101  is a standardized  nicotine-free tobacco leaf extract protected by two patent families. NFL Biosciences intends to offer smokers who want to quit a natural  safe  easy-to-administer and personalized alternative. NFL Biosciences is also developing NFL-301  a natural drug candidate for the reduction of alcohol consumption and has a drug development project for the treatment of cannabis use disorders. The shares of NFL Biosciences are listed on Euronext Growth Paris (FR0014003XT0 – ALNFL). Find out more at www.nflbiosciences.com Contacts Bruno Lafont – info@nflbiosciences.com - +33 4 11 93 76 67 Agence Calyptus – nflbio@calyptus.net - +33 1 53 65 68 68 Attachment NFLBiosciences_CP_20230130_Lancement_ENGLISH_vdefAll news about NFL BIOSCIENCES 12:27p NFL Biosciences launches a round of fundraising for approximately 2.5 million euros GL 01/20 NFL Biosciences On Track to Complete Trial on Smoking Cessation Treatment by Year-end MT 01/20 Nfl Biosciences : CESTO II trial progressing on schedule GL 01/20 NFL Biosciences Announces CESTO II Trial Progressing on Schedule CI 01/17 Nfl Biosciences : Financial calendar for the first half of 2023 GL 01/17 Nfl Biosciences : Financial calendar for the first half of 2023 AQ 01/11 NFL Biosciences receives a joint grant from the French Government and the Occitanie Reg.. GL 01/11 NFL Biosciences receives a joint grant from the French Government and the Occitanie Reg.. AQ 2022 Nfl Biosciences : Clinical trial approved to demonstrate the complementarity of nfl-101 wi.. GL 2022 Nfl Biosciences : Clinical trial approved to demonstrate the complementarity of nfl-101 wi.. GL,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,negative,0.0,0.28,0.72,True,English,"['NFL Biosciences', '2.5 million euros', 'round', 'fundraising', 'CESTO II phase II/III trial', 'Many other secondary end-points', 'Phase II/III clinical trial', 'nine clinical investigation centers', 'two international patent families', 'Phase IIa clinical trial', 'low fixed cost structure', 'other smoking cessation methods', 'other smoking cessation treatments', 'The CESTO II trial', 'two other applications', 'multiple email addresses', 'Euronext Growth Paris', 'clinical research programs', 'third patent application', 'European Medicines Agency', 'randomized, double-blind tria', 'two clinical trials', 'innovative treatment method', 'smoking cessation indication', 'NFL Biosciences CEO', 'botanical drug candidate', 'NFL Biosciences shares', 'NFL Biosciences’ projects', 'NFL-101 clinical trials', 'The PrimaryBid Offer', 'other indications', 'clinical perspective', 'current treatments', 'PRECESTO trial', 'smoking satisfaction', 'botanical drugs', 'new shares', 'priority projects', 'third quarter', 'PrimaryBid platform', 'Drug Administration', '2.5 million euros', 'Capital increases', 'professional investors', 'public offering', 'retail investors', 'early closure', 'Price range', 'closing price', 'biopharmaceutical company', 'alcohol consumption', 'replacement therapies', 'Ignacio Faus', 'rich year', 'fourth quarter', 'outpatient basis', 'vast majority', 'cash horizon', 'combined total', '1.7 million euros', 'first quarter', 'Institut Pasteur', 'natural proteins', 'tobacco leaves', 'second quarter', 'main criteria', 'best dose', 'four weeks', 'US Food', 'six months', 'withdrawal symptoms', 'transdermal patches', 'chewing gums', 'global offer', 'commercial potential', 'potential value', 'First name', 'day operations', 'continued development', 'strong level', 'continued abstinence', 'primary end-point', 'first results', 'round', 'fundraising', 'commas', 'Message', 'Required', 'fields', 'part', 'January', 'start', 'trading', 'discount', 'ALNFL', 'addictions', 'launch', 'funds', 'financing', 'efficacy', 'Q4', 'Q3', 'patients', 'account', 'number', 'smokers', 'limitations', 'March', 'funding', 'Bpifrance', 'response', 'line', 'schedule', 'study', 'recruitments', 'objectives', 'placebo', 'assessment', 'subjects', 'FDA', 'cigarettes', 'craving', 'complementarity', 'tablets', 'inhalers', 'sprays', 'view', 'capacity']",2023-01-30,2023-01-30,marketscreener.com
17419,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/ROCTOOL-S-A-14912735/news/Roctool-S-A-20230130-PR-Roctool-CA-Consolidated-2022-ENG-42843865/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230130,Roctool S A : 20230130 PR Roctool CA Consolidated 2022 ENG,(marketscreener.com)    Press Release   Le Bourget-du-Lac  30th January  2023 - 8:00am CET   2022: a new year of growth!    2022 revenue: 9.4€ million  up sharply by +14%   Launch of a structuring industrial...https://www.marketscreener.com/qu…,"Growth in 2022 revenue was therefore built on a growing number of projects and new applications. To be noted  a large order portfolio for the beginning of 2023.Licensing and royalty concessions amounted to 1.0€ million  down sharply compared to 2021  the year in which a major beauty contract was signed.Confirming the relevance of the strategic action plan on the product mix  equipment sales amounted to 5.9€ million  up sharply by +41% vs 2021  with a marked increase in the number of Roctool systems delivered  accompanied by the significant sale of tooling hardware (key components of the technology and a real indicator of the use of the technology).Mathieu Boulanger  CEO of Roctool comments: ""This year we recorded a historic turnover  and we are approaching ten million Euros. Following a good 2021 financial year  we had a challenge to maintain growth in 2022  in line with our business plan. It's done. Our ""Eco Molding"" initiative is attracting exponentially potential prospects and customers. This radical change in posture  even though the economic situation remains complex  has enabled Roctool to establish itself with many industrialists and large accounts thanks to an eco-responsibleand innovative approach. With the high point of the signature announced at the start of 2023  of the global industrial partnership with STANDEX Engraving  we are more than enthusiastic and confident about the prospects for our business.""Roctool (Euronext Growth - FR0010523167 - ALROC)  a specialist in mold heating and cooling technologies for plastics and composites  announces record annual revenue as of December 31  2022 of 9.4€ million  up 14 % compared to 2021  and 44% compared to 2020 with a turnover of 6.5€ million.Adoption of the ""Eco Molding"" initiativeEco-Moldinghas proven its worth and continues to seduce major clients. Its three pillars  which are the transition to more eco-responsible materials  the mastery of the best molding technologies  and the use of mold surface treatment technologies to reduce or eliminate secondary operations  constitute major arguments for the adoption of this innovation. The many presentations at trade fairs and on different products demonstrate the obvious gains of ""Eco-Molding"". In less than two years  it marks the in-depth transformation of Roctool and places the company more than ever on a trajectory of success.The breakthrough of the automotive sectorThe automobile  Roctool's historic market  is making a comeback and represents 4.3€ million or 46% of turnover  followed by consumer products (20%)  industry (15%)   beauty (11%)  electronics (4%) and medical (2%).Appointment of an International Sales DirectorRecruitment in September 2022 of Remo Soligon  benefiting from an experience of more than 15 years with industrialists on an international scale  who will actively contribute to the company's strategic initiatives and strengthen commercial actions at a global level in order to accelerate the commercial momentum already established.Outlook:With the announcement  on January 16  of the signing of an international partnership with Standex Engraving  Roctool is counting on expanding its markets and multiplying new projects. Combining Standex Engraving Mold-Tech's global texturing capabilities with Roctool's heating and cooling technology provides convenient access to global expertise  support and technology  all in one step.In addition  the collaboration with the CEA continues  suggesting new opportunities in the field of solar energy.Confident in this good momentum  with cash at the end of 2022 in line with the group's expectations and following a path of profitable growth  the Group is maintaining a prudent policy of its resources to support growth. In addition to fine-tuning the cost structure  purchases and external charges  Roctool will propose to the Extraordinary General Meeting of March 6  2023 to postpone the maturity date of the 2021 ORNANs from May 31  2023 to December 31  2023.Next publicationAnnual results  14th April 2023Contact press / Investor relationsAelium AdvisorsValentine Boivin+33 1 75 77 54 65 roctool@aelium.frAbout Roctool: Roctool  specializes in rapid heat and cool technologies for plastic injection and composite molding. The processes developed byRoctool are in production in the following industries: automotive  electronics  consumer products  renewable energy  beauty packaging and medical. Roctool is an induction molding technology  working with plastic and composite including recycled materials. Roctool offers Engineering services  induction generators  tooling hardware and on-site support to manufacturers around the globe. Roctool technologies are well known for removing secondary operations which enable manufacturers to reduce the overall cost of the parts produced  as well as their environmental impact. Headquarters are found in Le Bourget-du-Lac (France)  Roctool is present in the USA  China  Japan and Germany.For more information: www.roctool.com",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.81,0.17,0.02,True,English,"['Roctool S A', 'PR Roctool CA', 'ENG', 'mold surface treatment technologies', 'ten million Euros', 'Extraordinary General Meeting', 'Eco Molding"" initiative', 'global texturing capabilities', 'best molding technologies', 'strategic action plan', 'global industrial partnership', 'International Sales Director', 'large order portfolio', 'good 2021 financial year', 'record annual revenue', 'Standex Engraving Mold-Tech', 'major beauty contract', 'induction molding technology', 'international partnership', 'cooling technologies', 'cool technologies', 'equipment sales', 'large accounts', 'strategic initiatives', 'global level', 'global expertise', 'good momentum', 'Annual results', 'induction generators', 'major clients', 'major arguments', 'international scale', 'composite molding', 'new applications', 'royalty concessions', 'product mix', 'marked increase', 'significant sale', 'key components', 'real indicator', 'Mathieu Boulanger', 'business plan', 'radical change', 'economic situation', 'innovative approach', 'high point', 'three pillars', 'eco-responsible materials', 'secondary operations', 'many presentations', 'trade fairs', 'different products', 'obvious gains', 'depth transformation', 'historic market', 'consumer products', 'Remo Soligon', 'commercial actions', 'commercial momentum', 'convenient access', 'one step', 'new opportunities', 'solar energy', 'prudent policy', 'cost structure', 'external charges', 'maturity date', 'Next publication', '14th April', 'Contact press', 'Investor relations', 'Valentine Boivin', 'rapid heat', 'following industries', 'renewable energy', 'beauty packaging', 'recycled materials', 'Engineering services', 'overall cost', 'environmental impact', 'Le Bourget-du-Lac', 'Roctool technologies', 'cooling technology', 'growing number', 'tooling hardware', 'potential prospects', 'many industrialists', 'two years', 'automotive sector', 'new projects', 'Aelium Advisors', 'plastic injection', 'site support', 'Euronext Growth', 'profitable growth', 'historic turnover', 'Roctool systems', 'Roctool comments', '2022 revenue', '15 years', 'beginning', 'Licensing', 'relevance', 'use', 'CEO', 'challenge', 'line', 'customers', 'posture', 'eco-responsibleand', 'signature', 'start', 'ALROC', 'specialist', 'heating', 'plastics', 'composites', 'December', 'Adoption', 'Eco-Moldinghas', 'worth', 'transition', 'mastery', 'innovation', 'less', 'company', 'trajectory', 'success', 'breakthrough', 'automobile', 'comeback', 'industry', 'electronics', 'medical', 'Appointment', 'September', 'experience', 'Outlook', 'announcement', 'January', 'signing', 'markets', 'addition', 'collaboration', 'CEA', 'field', 'cash', 'end', 'group', 'expectations', 'path', 'resources', 'purchases', 'March', '2021 ORNANs', 'May', 'processes', 'production', 'manufacturers', 'globe', 'parts', 'Headquarters', 'France', 'USA', 'China', 'Japan', 'Germany', 'information', '4.3€']",2023-01-30,2023-01-30,marketscreener.com
17420,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/BOUSSARD-GAVAUDAN-HOLDI-36044/news/BGHL-GBP-NAV-s-42843183/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230130,BGHL (GBP): NAV(s),(marketscreener.com)                                        BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary Shares The Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited...https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/BOUSSARD-GAVAUDAN-HOLDI-36044/news/BGHL-GBP-NAV-…,"BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary SharesThe Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for the Company.Close of business 27 Jan 2023.Estimated NAVEuro Shares Sterling Shares Estimated NAV € 27.3037 £ 24.0443 Estimated MTD return -1.68 % -1.56 % Estimated YTD return -1.68 % -1.56 % Estimated ITD return 173.04 % 140.44 %NAV and returns are calculated net of management and performance feesMarket informationEuro Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close € 22.00 N/A Premium/discount to estimated NAV -19.42 % N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close N/A GBX 1 900.00 Premium/discount to estimated NAV N/A -20.98 %Transactions in own securities purchased into treasuryOrdinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/A Range of Price N/A N/ALiquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/ABGHL CapitalBGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Shares Outstanding 12 298 758 126 294 Held in treasury 8 711 N/A Shares Issued 12 307 469 126 294Estimated BG Fund NAVClass B Euro Shares (estimated) € 239.2265 Class GBP A Shares (estimated) £ 128.2852The Class B Euro Shares of BG Fund are not subject to investment manager fees  as the Investment Manager receives management fees and performance fees in respect of its role as Investment Manager of BGHL.For further information please contact:Boussard & Gavaudan Investment Management  LLP.Emmanuel Gavaudan +44 (0) 20 3751 5389 Email : info@bgam-uk.comThe Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has received the necessary approval of the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and the States of Guernsey Policy Council. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.This is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Neither the Company nor BG Fund ICAV has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that:all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results;the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; andif you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.Attachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.23,0.77,True,English,"['BGHL', 'GBP', 'NAV', 'The Class B Euro Shares', 'Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number', 'BGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares', 'A Liquidity Enhancement Agreement', 'Class GBP A Shares', 'A N/A Average Price', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'US Investment Company Act', 'Euro Shares Amsterdam', 'Sterling Shares Shares', 'A N/A Range', 'expert financial advice', 'GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED', 'Guernsey Policy Council', 'collective investment scheme', 'other professional advice', 'BG Fund ICAV', 'closed-ended investment company', 'UK Listing Authority', 'US Securities Act', 'Gavaudan Investment Management', 'investment manager fees', 'BG Fund NAV', 'N/A Shares', 'The Shares', 'A Premium/discount', 'Dutch Authority', 'Price N', 'N/A GBX', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'US persons', 'Financial Markets', 'The Directors', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'The Company', 'investment performance', 'original investment', 'investment decision', 'performance fees', 'BGHL Capital', 'management fees', 'MTD return', 'YTD return', 'ITD return', 'financieel toezicht', 'Official List', 'applicable law', 'public offering', 'other jurisdiction', 'main market', 'United States', 'following information', 'information purposes', 'necessary approval', 'future results', 'listed securities', 'Market information', 'LSE) Market', 'BOUSSARD', 'business', 'returns', 'AEX', 'Transactions', 'treasury', 'respect', 'role', 'LLP.', 'Email', 'article', 'conjunction', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', 'mind', 'risk', 'past', 'guarantee', 'doubt', 'contents', 'communication', 'substitute', 'Attachment']",2023-01-30,2023-01-30,marketscreener.com
17421,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/BOUSSARD-GAVAUDAN-HOLDI-36044/news/BGHL-EUR-NAV-s-42843178/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230130,BGHL (EUR): NAV(s),(marketscreener.com)                                       BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary Shares The Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like...https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/BOUSSARD-GAVAUDAN-HOLDI-36044/news/BGHL…,"BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary SharesThe Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for the Company.Close of business 27 Jan 2023.Estimated NAVEuro Shares Sterling Shares Estimated NAV € 27.3037 £ 24.0443 Estimated MTD return -1.68 % -1.56 % Estimated YTD return -1.68 % -1.56 % Estimated ITD return 173.04 % 140.44 %NAV and returns are calculated net of management and performance feesMarket informationEuro Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close € 22.00 N/A Premium/discount to estimated NAV -19.42 % N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close N/A GBX 1 900.00 Premium/discount to estimated NAV N/A -20.98 %Transactions in own securities purchased into treasuryOrdinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/A Range of Price N/A N/ALiquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/ABGHL CapitalBGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Shares Outstanding 12 298 758 126 294 Held in treasury 8 711 N/A Shares Issued 12 307 469 126 294Estimated BG Fund NAVClass B Euro Shares (estimated) € 239.2265 Class GBP A Shares (estimated) £ 128.2852The Class B Euro Shares of BG Fund are not subject to investment manager fees  as the Investment Manager receives management fees and performance fees in respect of its role as Investment Manager of BGHL.For further information please contact:Boussard & Gavaudan Investment Management  LLP.Emmanuel Gavaudan +44 (0) 20 3751 5389 Email : info@bgam-uk.comThe Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has received the necessary approval of the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and the States of Guernsey Policy Council. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.This is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Neither the Company nor BG Fund ICAV has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that:all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results;the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; andif you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.Attachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.23,0.77,True,English,"['BGHL', 'EUR', 'NAV', 'The Class B Euro Shares', 'Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number', 'BGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares', 'A Liquidity Enhancement Agreement', 'Class GBP A Shares', 'A N/A Average Price', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'US Investment Company Act', 'Euro Shares Amsterdam', 'Sterling Shares Shares', 'A N/A Range', 'expert financial advice', 'GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED', 'Guernsey Policy Council', 'collective investment scheme', 'other professional advice', 'BG Fund ICAV', 'closed-ended investment company', 'UK Listing Authority', 'US Securities Act', 'Gavaudan Investment Management', 'investment manager fees', 'BG Fund NAV', 'N/A Shares', 'The Shares', 'A Premium/discount', 'Dutch Authority', 'Price N', 'N/A GBX', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'US persons', 'Financial Markets', 'The Directors', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'The Company', 'investment performance', 'original investment', 'investment decision', 'performance fees', 'BGHL Capital', 'management fees', 'MTD return', 'YTD return', 'ITD return', 'financieel toezicht', 'Official List', 'applicable law', 'public offering', 'other jurisdiction', 'main market', 'United States', 'following information', 'information purposes', 'necessary approval', 'future results', 'listed securities', 'Market information', 'LSE) Market', 'BOUSSARD', 'business', 'returns', 'AEX', 'Transactions', 'treasury', 'respect', 'role', 'LLP.', 'Email', 'article', 'conjunction', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', 'mind', 'risk', 'past', 'guarantee', 'doubt', 'contents', 'communication', 'substitute', 'Attachment']",2023-01-30,2023-01-30,marketscreener.com
17422,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/ROCTOOL-S-A-14912735/news/ROCTOOL-2022-a-new-year-of-growth-42843394/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230130,ROCTOOL: 2022: a new year of growth!,(marketscreener.com) ROCTOOLROCTOOL: 2022: a new year of growth! 30-Jan-2023 / 08:00 CET/CESTDissemination of a French Regulatory News  transmitted by EQS Group.The issuer is solely responsible for the content of this announcement. Press Release …,ROCTOOLROCTOOL: 2022: a new year of growth!30-Jan-2023 / 08:00 CET/CESTDissemination of a French Regulatory News  transmitted by EQS Group.The issuer is solely responsible for the content of this announcement.Press ReleaseLe Bourget-du-Lac  30th January  2023 – 8:00 am CET2022: a new year of growth!- 2022 revenue: 9.4€ million  up sharply by +14%- Launch of a structuring industrial partnership- Towards a change of dimensionRoctool (Euronext Growth – FR0010523167 – ALROC)  a specialist in mold heating and cooling technologies for plastics and composites  announces record annual revenue as of December 31  2022 of 9.4€ million  up 14 % compared to 2021  and 44% compared to 2020 with a turnover of 6.5€ million.Mathieu Boulanger  CEO of Roctool comments: “This year we recorded a historic turnover  and we are approaching ten million Euros. Following a good 2021 financial year  we had a challenge to maintain growth in 2022  in line with our business plan. It's done. Our “Eco Molding” initiative is attracting exponentially potential prospects and customers. This radical change in posture  even though the economic situation remains complex  has enabled Roctool to establish itself with many industrialists and large accounts thanks to an eco-responsible and innovative approach. With the high point of the signature announced at the start of 2023  of the global industrial partnership with STANDEX Engraving  we are more than enthusiastic and confident about the prospects for our business.”In M€ - Consolidated Group 2022 2021 Turnover S1 4 11 S2 5 27 9 38 S1 2 90 S2 5 34 8 24 Sales of goods 1 96 3 92 5 88 1 80 2 38 4 18 Sales of Services 1 18 1 29 2 47 0 97 0 72 1 69 Licences and Royalties 0 97 0 07 1 04 0 13 2 24 2 37Confirming the relevance of the strategic action plan on the product mix  equipment sales amounted to 5.9€ million  up sharply by +41% vs 2021  with a marked increase in the number of Roctool systems delivered  accompanied by the significant sale of tooling hardware (key components of the technology and a real indicator of the use of the technology).Provision of services amounted to 2.5€ million  a strong increase of +46% vs 2021.Licensing and royalty concessions amounted to 1.0€ million  down sharply compared to 2021  the year in which a major beauty contract was signed.Growth in 2022 revenue was therefore built on a growing number of projects and new applications. To be noted  a large order portfolio for the beginning of 2023.Adoption of the “Eco Molding” initiativeEco-Molding has proven its worth and continues to seduce major clients. Its three pillars  which are the transition to more eco-responsible materials  the mastery of the best molding technologies  and the use of mold surface treatment technologies to reduce or eliminate secondary operations  constitute major arguments for the adoption of this innovation. The many presentations at trade fairs and on different products demonstrate the obvious gains of “Eco-Molding”. In less than two years  it marks the in-depth transformation of Roctool and places the company more than ever on a trajectory of success.The breakthrough of the automotive sectorThe automobile  Roctool's historic market  is making a comeback and represents 4.3€ million or 46% of turnover  followed by consumer products (20%)  industry (15%)   beauty (11%)  electronics (4%) and medical (2%).Appointment of an International Sales DirectorRecruitment in September 2022 of Remo Soligon  benefiting from an experience of more than 15 years with industrialists on an international scale  who will actively contribute to the company's strategic initiatives and strengthen commercial actions at a global level in order to accelerate the commercial momentum already established.Outlook:With the announcement  on January 16  of the signing of an international partnership with Standex Engraving  Roctool is counting on expanding its markets and multiplying new projects. Combining Standex Engraving Mold-Tech's global texturing capabilities with Roctool's heating and cooling technology provides convenient access to global expertise  support and technology  all in one step.In addition  the collaboration with the CEA continues  suggesting new opportunities in the field of solar energy.Confident in this good momentum  with cash at the end of 2022 in line with the group's expectations and following a path of profitable growth  the Group is maintaining a prudent policy of its resources to support growth. In addition to fine-tuning the cost structure  purchases and external charges  Roctool will propose to the Extraordinary General Meeting of March 6  2023 to postpone the maturity date of the 2021 ORNANs from May 31  2023 to December 31  2023.Next publicationAnnual results  14th April 2023Contact press / Investor relationsAelium AdvisorsValentine Boivin+33 1 75 77 54 65roctool@aelium.frAbout Roctool: Roctool  specializes in rapid heat and cool technologies for plastic injection and composite molding. The processes developed by Roctool are in production in the following industries: automotive  electronics  consumer products  renewable energy  beauty packaging and medical. Roctool is an induction molding technology  working with plastic and composite including recycled materials. Roctool offers Engineering services  induction generators  tooling hardware and on-site support to manufacturers around the globe. Roctool technologies are well known for removing secondary operations which enable manufacturers to reduce the overall cost of the parts produced  as well as their environmental impact. Headquarters are found in Le Bourget-du-Lac (France)  Roctool is present in the USA  China  Japan and Germany.For more information: www.roctool.com,neutral,0.07,0.93,0.0,positive,0.82,0.17,0.01,True,English,"['new year', 'ROCTOOL', 'growth', 'mold surface treatment technologies', 'French Regulatory News', 'ten million Euros', 'Extraordinary General Meeting', 'Eco Molding” initiative', 'best molding technologies', 'global texturing capabilities', 'strategic action plan', 'good 2021 financial year', 'large order portfolio', 'global industrial partnership', 'major beauty contract', 'record annual revenue', 'International Sales Director', 'cooling technologies', 'cool technologies', 'composite molding', 'international partnership', 'large accounts', 'strategic initiatives', 'global level', 'global expertise', 'good momentum', 'Annual results', 'major clients', 'major arguments', 'international scale', 'new year', 'Press Release', 'Le Bourget-du-Lac', 'Mathieu Boulanger', 'business plan', 'economic situation', 'innovative approach', 'high point', 'product mix', 'marked increase', 'significant sale', 'tooling hardware', 'key components', 'real indicator', 'strong increase', 'royalty concessions', 'new applications', 'three pillars', 'secondary operations', 'many presentations', 'trade fairs', 'different products', 'obvious gains', 'depth transformation', 'automotive sector', 'historic market', 'consumer products', 'Remo Soligon', 'commercial actions', 'commercial momentum', 'convenient access', 'one step', 'new opportunities', 'solar energy', 'prudent policy', 'cost structure', 'external charges', 'maturity date', 'Next publication', '14th April', 'Contact press', 'Investor relations', 'Valentine Boivin', 'rapid heat', 'plastic injection', 'equipment sales', 'Standex Engraving', 'EQS Group', '30th January', 'potential prospects', 'radical change', 'many industrialists', 'Consolidated Group', 'growing number', 'eco-responsible materials', 'two years', 'new projects', 'Aelium Advisors', 'Euronext Growth', 'profitable growth', 'historic turnover', 'cooling technology', 'Roctool comments', 'Roctool systems', '24 Sales', '2022 revenue', '15 years', '08:00 CET', 'CEST', 'Dissemination', 'issuer', 'content', 'announcement', 'Launch', 'dimension', 'ALROC', 'specialist', 'heating', 'plastics', 'composites', 'December', 'CEO', 'challenge', 'line', 'customers', 'posture', 'signature', 'start', 'M€', 'goods', 'Services', 'Licences', 'Royalties', 'relevance', 'use', 'Provision', 'Licensing', 'beginning', 'Adoption', 'Eco-Molding', 'worth', 'transition', 'mastery', 'innovation', 'less', 'company', 'trajectory', 'success', 'breakthrough', 'automobile', 'comeback', 'industry', 'electronics', 'medical', 'Appointment', 'September', 'experience', 'Outlook', 'signing', 'markets', 'Mold-Tech', 'support', 'addition', 'collaboration', 'CEA', 'field', 'cash', 'end', 'expectations', 'path', 'resources', 'purchases', 'March', '2021 ORNANs', 'May', 'processes', 'production', '4.3€']",2023-01-30,2023-01-30,marketscreener.com
17423,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/COFACE-SA-16699936/news/Coface-acquires-North-America-data-analytics-boutique-Rel8ed-42845996/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230130,Coface acquires North America data analytics boutique Rel8ed,(marketscreener.com) Coface acquires North America data analytics boutique Rel8ed Paris  30 January 2023 – 13.00 Coface announces today the acquisition of North American data analytics boutique Rel8ed. The acquisition brings new  rich data sets and analytics …,Coface acquires North America data analytics boutique Rel8edParis  30 January 2023 – 13.00Coface announces today the acquisition of North American data analytics boutique Rel8ed. The acquisition brings new  rich data sets and analytics capabilities  which will benefit Coface trade credit insurance as well as the company’s business information customers and teams.“Over the last year  as we partnered with Rel8ed  it has demonstrated a truly distinct set of capabilities to Coface and our clients  in the North America market  where deep insights into mid-market and small businesses are difficult to acquire ” said Oscar Villalonga  CEO for Coface North America. “Bringing their unique approach and methodology to curating open  public  and alternative data sources will help us expand our database. Ultimately  it will allow us to better accompany our clients which need to closely monitor their credit and supply chain risks.”Rel8ed was founded in 2015 with the support of Innovate Niagara’s incubator program in Ontario  and has offices in the U.S. and Canada. Rel8ed is specialized in the integration  cross-referencing  analysis and inference from big data extracted from multiple sources. Rel8ed’s customers range from multi-national companies  governments  and business associations.In 2019  Coface established a data lab in Paris to exploit data science technologies in order to optimize its products  its risk assessments  and develop new services. This acquisition will strengthen and complement this approach. Coface customers can expect enhancements and expansions to the company’s business information activity.“Businesses don’t simply need access to broad data sources  they need predictive analytics and actionable insights to support their business decisions. We are happy to welcome the experts of Rel8ed into Coface. Adding their talents and skills to our set-up will allow us to continue enrich our data capabilities and get the most out of it for our clients” said Thibault Surer  Director of Strategy and Business Development at Coface.CONTACTSANALYSTS / INVESTORSThomas JACQUET: +33 1 49 02 12 58 – thomas.jacquet@coface.comBenoît CHASTEL: +33 1 49 02 22 28 – benoit.chastel@coface.comMEDIA RELATIONSSaphia GAOUAOUI: +33 1 49 02 14 91 – saphia.gaouaoui@coface.comCorentin HENRY: +33 1 49 02 23 94 – corentin.henry@coface.comFINANCIAL CALENDAR 2022/2023(subject to change)FY-2022 results: 16 February 2023 (after market close)Annual General Shareholders’ Meeting 2022: 16 May 2023FINANCIAL INFORMATIONThis press release  as well as COFACE SA’s integral regulatory information  can be found on the Group’s website:http://www.coface.com/InvestorsFor regulated information on Alternative Performance Measures (APM)  please refer to our Interim Financial Report for H1-2022 and our 2021 Universal Registration Document (see part 3.7 “Key financial performance indicators”).Regulated documents posted by COFACE SA have been secured and authenticated with the blockchain technology by Wiztrust. You can check the authenticity on the website www.wiztrust.com.COFACE: FOR TRADEWith more than 75 years of experience and the most extensive international network  Coface is a leader in trade credit insurance and adjacent specialty services  including Factoring  Single Risk insurance  Bonding and Information services. Coface’s experts work to the beat of the global economy  helping ~50 000 clients build successful  growing  and dynamic businesses across the world. Coface helps companies in their credit decisions. The Group's services and solutions strengthen their ability to sell by protecting them against the risks of non-payment in their domestic and export markets. In 2021  Coface employed ~4 538 people and registered a turnover of €1.57 billion.www.coface.comCOFACE SA is quoted in Compartment A of Euronext ParisCode ISIN: FR0010667147 / Mnémonique : COFADISCLAIMER - Certain declarations featured in this press release may contain forecasts that notably relate to future events  trends  projects or targets. By nature  these forecasts include identified or unidentified risks and uncertainties  and may be affected by many factors likely to give rise to a significant discrepancy between the real results and those stated in these declarations. Please refer to chapter 5 “Main risk factors and their management within the Group” of the Coface Group's 2021 Universal Registration Document filed with AMF on 6 April 2022 under the number D.22-0244 in order to obtain a description of certain major factors  risks and uncertainties likely to influence the Coface Group's businesses. The Coface Group disclaims any intention or obligation to publish an update of these forecasts  or provide new information on future events or any other circumstance.Attachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.32,0.23,0.45,True,English,"['North America data analytics boutique', 'Coface', 'Rel8ed', 'North American data analytics boutique', 'North America data analytics boutique', 'Annual General Shareholders’ Meeting', 'Key financial performance indicators', 'Euronext Paris Code ISIN', 'new, rich data sets', 'Coface trade credit insurance', 'North America market', 'Alternative Performance Measures', 'Coface North America', 'data science technologies', '2021 Universal Registration Document', 'extensive international network', 'Single Risk insurance', 'alternative data sources', 'broad data sources', 'Interim Financial Report', 'Benoît CHASTEL', 'integral regulatory information', 'adjacent specialty services', 'Main risk factors', 'business information activity', 'supply chain risks', 'business information customers', 'The Coface Group', 'predictive analytics', 'big data', 'data lab', 'FINANCIAL INFORMATION', 'analytics capabilities', 'new information', 'FOR TRADE', 'data capabilities', 'FINANCIAL CALENDAR', 'multiple sources', 'risk assessments', 'new services', 'benoit.chastel', 'credit decisions', 'regulated information', 'Information services', 'business associations', 'business decisions', 'Business Development', 'many factors', 'major factors', 'The Group', 'last year', 'distinct set', 'deep insights', 'Oscar Villalonga', 'Innovate Niagara', 'incubator program', 'U.S.', 'actionable insights', 'Thibault Surer', 'MEDIA RELATIONS', 'Corentin HENRY', 'corentin.henry', 'FY-2022 results', 'press release', 'Regulated documents', 'blockchain technology', 'global economy', 'export markets', 'Compartment A', 'Mnémonique', 'future events', 'significant discrepancy', 'real results', 'other circumstance', 'unidentified risks', 'Coface customers', 'COFACE SA', 'small businesses', 'unique approach', 'multi-national companies', 'dynamic businesses', 'Certain declarations', 'Thomas JACQUET', 'Saphia GAOUAOUI', 'Rel8ed', '30 January', 'acquisition', 'company', 'teams', 'clients', 'mid-market', 'CEO', 'methodology', 'database', 'support', 'Ontario', 'offices', 'Canada', 'integration', 'cross-referencing', 'analysis', 'inference', 'range', 'governments', 'order', 'products', 'enhancements', 'expansions', 'access', 'experts', 'talents', 'skills', 'set-up', 'Director', 'Strategy', 'CONTACTS', 'ANALYSTS', 'INVESTORS', '16 February', '16 May', 'website', 'APM', 'H1', 'Wiztrust', 'authenticity', '75 years', 'experience', 'leader', 'Factoring', 'Bonding', 'beat', 'world', 'solutions', 'ability', 'payment', 'domestic', '~4,538 people', 'turnover', 'DISCLAIMER', 'forecasts', 'trends', 'projects', 'targets', 'nature', 'uncertainties', 'rise', 'chapter', 'management', 'AMF', '6 April', 'number', 'description', 'intention', 'obligation', 'update', 'Attachment', '49 02']",2023-01-30,2023-01-30,marketscreener.com
17424,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/01/30/2597403/0/en/Coface-acquires-North-America-data-analytics-boutique-Rel8ed.html,Coface acquires North America data analytics boutique Rel8ed,Coface acquires North America data analytics boutique Rel8ed    Paris  30 January 2023 – 13.00    Coface announces today the acquisition of North...,English FrenchCoface acquires North America data analytics boutique Rel8edParis  30 January 2023 – 13.00Coface announces today the acquisition of North American data analytics boutique Rel8ed. The acquisition brings new  rich data sets and analytics capabilities  which will benefit Coface trade credit insurance as well as the company’s business information customers and teams.“Over the last year  as we partnered with Rel8ed  it has demonstrated a truly distinct set of capabilities to Coface and our clients  in the North America market  where deep insights into mid-market and small businesses are difficult to acquire ” said Oscar Villalonga  CEO for Coface North America. “Bringing their unique approach and methodology to curating open  public  and alternative data sources will help us expand our database. Ultimately  it will allow us to better accompany our clients which need to closely monitor their credit and supply chain risks.”Rel8ed was founded in 2015 with the support of Innovate Niagara’s incubator program in Ontario  and has offices in the U.S. and Canada. Rel8ed is specialized in the integration  cross-referencing  analysis and inference from big data extracted from multiple sources. Rel8ed’s customers range from multi-national companies  governments  and business associations.In 2019  Coface established a data lab in Paris to exploit data science technologies in order to optimize its products  its risk assessments  and develop new services. This acquisition will strengthen and complement this approach. Coface customers can expect enhancements and expansions to the company’s business information activity.“Businesses don’t simply need access to broad data sources  they need predictive analytics and actionable insights to support their business decisions. We are happy to welcome the experts of Rel8ed into Coface. Adding their talents and skills to our set-up will allow us to continue enrich our data capabilities and get the most out of it for our clients” said Thibault Surer  Director of Strategy and Business Development at Coface.CONTACTSANALYSTS / INVESTORSThomas JACQUET: +33 1 49 02 12 58 – thomas.jacquet@coface.comBenoît CHASTEL: +33 1 49 02 22 28 – benoit.chastel@coface.comMEDIA RELATIONSSaphia GAOUAOUI: +33 1 49 02 14 91 – saphia.gaouaoui@coface.comCorentin HENRY: +33 1 49 02 23 94 – corentin.henry@coface.comFINANCIAL CALENDAR 2022/2023(subject to change)FY-2022 results: 16 February 2023 (after market close)Annual General Shareholders’ Meeting 2022: 16 May 2023FINANCIAL INFORMATIONThis press release  as well as COFACE SA’s integral regulatory information  can be found on the Group’s website:http://www.coface.com/InvestorsFor regulated information on Alternative Performance Measures (APM)  please refer to our Interim Financial Report for H1-2022 and our 2021 Universal Registration Document (see part 3.7 “Key financial performance indicators”).Regulated documents posted by COFACE SA have been secured and authenticated with the blockchain technology by Wiztrust. You can check the authenticity on the website www.wiztrust.com.COFACE: FOR TRADEWith more than 75 years of experience and the most extensive international network  Coface is a leader in trade credit insurance and adjacent specialty services  including Factoring  Single Risk insurance  Bonding and Information services. Coface’s experts work to the beat of the global economy  helping ~50 000 clients build successful  growing  and dynamic businesses across the world. Coface helps companies in their credit decisions. The Group's services and solutions strengthen their ability to sell by protecting them against the risks of non-payment in their domestic and export markets. In 2021  Coface employed ~4 538 people and registered a turnover of €1.57 billion.www.coface.comCOFACE SA is quoted in Compartment A of Euronext ParisCode ISIN: FR0010667147 / Mnémonique : COFADISCLAIMER - Certain declarations featured in this press release may contain forecasts that notably relate to future events  trends  projects or targets. By nature  these forecasts include identified or unidentified risks and uncertainties  and may be affected by many factors likely to give rise to a significant discrepancy between the real results and those stated in these declarations. Please refer to chapter 5 “Main risk factors and their management within the Group” of the Coface Group's 2021 Universal Registration Document filed with AMF on 6 April 2022 under the number D.22-0244 in order to obtain a description of certain major factors  risks and uncertainties likely to influence the Coface Group's businesses. The Coface Group disclaims any intention or obligation to publish an update of these forecasts  or provide new information on future events or any other circumstance.Attachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.5,0.22,0.28,True,English,"['North America data analytics boutique', 'Coface', 'Rel8ed', 'North American data analytics boutique', 'North America data analytics boutique', 'Annual General Shareholders’ Meeting', 'Key financial performance indicators', 'Euronext Paris Code ISIN', 'new, rich data sets', 'Coface trade credit insurance', 'North America market', 'Alternative Performance Measures', 'Coface North America', 'data science technologies', '2021 Universal Registration Document', 'extensive international network', 'Single Risk insurance', 'alternative data sources', 'broad data sources', 'Interim Financial Report', 'Benoît CHASTEL', 'integral regulatory information', 'adjacent specialty services', 'Main risk factors', 'business information activity', 'supply chain risks', 'business information customers', 'The Coface Group', 'predictive analytics', 'big data', 'data lab', 'FINANCIAL INFORMATION', 'analytics capabilities', 'new information', 'FOR TRADE', 'data capabilities', 'FINANCIAL CALENDAR', 'multiple sources', 'risk assessments', 'new services', 'benoit.chastel', 'credit decisions', 'regulated information', 'Information services', 'business associations', 'business decisions', 'Business Development', 'many factors', 'major factors', 'The Group', 'English French', 'last year', 'distinct set', 'deep insights', 'Oscar Villalonga', 'Innovate Niagara', 'incubator program', 'U.S.', 'actionable insights', 'Thibault Surer', 'MEDIA RELATIONS', 'Corentin HENRY', 'corentin.henry', 'FY-2022 results', 'press release', 'Regulated documents', 'blockchain technology', 'global economy', 'export markets', 'Compartment A', 'Mnémonique', 'future events', 'significant discrepancy', 'real results', 'other circumstance', 'unidentified risks', 'Coface customers', 'COFACE SA', 'small businesses', 'unique approach', 'multi-national companies', 'Thomas JACQUET', 'dynamic businesses', 'Saphia GAOUAOUI', 'Rel8ed', '30 January', 'acquisition', 'company', 'teams', 'clients', 'mid-market', 'CEO', 'methodology', 'database', 'support', 'Ontario', 'offices', 'Canada', 'integration', 'cross-referencing', 'analysis', 'inference', 'range', 'governments', 'order', 'products', 'enhancements', 'expansions', 'access', 'experts', 'talents', 'skills', 'set-up', 'Director', 'Strategy', 'CONTACTS', 'ANALYSTS', 'INVESTORS', '16 February', '16 May', 'website', 'APM', 'H1', 'Wiztrust', 'authenticity', '75 years', 'experience', 'leader', 'Factoring', 'Bonding', 'beat', 'world', 'solutions', 'ability', 'payment', 'domestic', '~4,538 people', 'turnover', 'DISCLAIMER', 'declarations', 'forecasts', 'trends', 'projects', 'targets', 'nature', 'uncertainties', 'rise', 'chapter', 'management', 'AMF', '6 April', 'number', 'description', 'intention', 'obligation', 'update', 'Attachment', '1 49']",2023-01-30,2023-01-30,globenewswire.com
17425,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/GALP-ENERGIA-SGPS-S-A-35373/news/Galp-Energia-SGPS-S-A-Trading-Update-4Q22-42843433/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230130,Galp Energia SGPS S A : Trading Update 4Q22,(marketscreener.com)   The information below aims to provide the key macroeconomic  operational and trading conditions experienced by Galp during the fourth quarter of 2022. All data referred to below is currently provisional and may differ from the final f…,The information below aims to provide the key macroeconomic  operational and trading conditions experienced by Galp during the fourth quarter of 2022. All data referred to below is currently provisional and may differ from the final figures which will be reported on February 13  2022.Galp's 4Q22 results will be published on February 13  before the opening of Euronext Lisbon  together with a management presentation. On that day  the Company will hold an analysts' conference call at 14:00 (Lisbon/London time). Further details can be found at the end of the attached release.Consolidated earnings and financial positionExpecting a robust operational cash flow (OCF) generation and working capital release  which includes the unwind of all gas derivatives margin account balances  as expected.Net debt expected to be reduced to c.€1.6 bn at the end of quarter.Still assessing the impact from windfall taxes in Portugal and Spain. Any estimated impacts to be booked as special items.Upstream4Q21 3Q22 4Q22 Var. YoY Var. QoQ Working interest production (kboepd) 124.8 127.6 130.4 5% 2% Oil production (kbpd) 111.2 114.8 115.3 4% 0% Net entitlement production (kboepd) 123.0 126.1 128.6 5% 2% Angola (kbpd) 10.7 10.3 10.8 1% 5% Brazil (kboepd) 112.3 115.8 115.8 3% 0% Mozambique (kboepd) - 0.1 1.9 - n.m.Working interest production up QoQ  considering some contribution from Coral FLNG in Mozambique  which had its first cargo last November.Oil hedges covered 1.6 mbbl during 4Q22 (13% of production).Commercial4Q21 3Q22 4Q22 Var. YoY Var. QoQ Oil products - client sales (mton) 1.8 2.0 1.8 (1%) (9%) Natural gas sales - client sales (GWh) 4 509 4 180 4 270 (5%) 2% Electricity - client sales (GWh) 1 121 979 940 (16%) (4%)Oil products sales slightly declined YoY  halting the post pandemic recovery trend  following reduced demand in Iberia  especially in the B2B segment.Natural gas and electricity sales impacted by activity reduction  especially in the B2B segment  as well as lower consumption in the B2C segment given the warmer temperatures.4Q22 RCA Ebit to include an impairment of c.€100 m in retail distribution assets.Industrial & Energy Management4Q21 3Q22 4Q22 Var. YoY Var. QoQ Raw materials processed (mboe) 13.6 22.9 20.5 51% (10%) Galp refining margin (USD/boe) 5.6 7.7 13.5 n.m. n.m. Oil products supply1 (mton) 3.7 4.3 3.8 2% (13%) NG/LNG supply & trading volumes1 (TWh) 14.3 13.1 12.7 (11%) (3%) Trading (TWh) 6.6 5.6 5.5 (17%) (2%) Sales of electricity from cogeneration (GWh) 119 177 166 39% (6%)1 Includes volumes sold to the Commercial segment.Refining raw materials processed decreased QoQ  following the planned maintenances activities performed. Refining margin higher QoQ  capturing the more favourable market environment.Refining margin hedges covered 5.6 mboe during 4Q22 (27% of throughput)  with an expected impact of c.€80 m at the Ebitda level.Matosinhos' site transformation project considering a provision of c.€60 m (impact in RCA Ebit).NG/LNG supply & trading impacted by additional sourcing restrictions and challenging European natural gas environment.Renewables & New Businesses4Q21 3Q22 4Q22 Var. YoY Var. QoQ Renewable installed capacity1 (GW) Gross (100%) 1.0 1.3 1.4 42% 7% Equity to Galp 0.7 1.3 1.4 89% 7% Renewable generation (GWh) Gross (100%) 213 693 307 44% (56%) Equity to Galp 157 627 307 95% (51%) Galp average solar generation sale price (EUR/MWh) 198 126 101 (49%) (20%)1 Capacity installed by the end of the period.Renewables installed capacity reached 1.4 GW  following the commercial start-up at the end of the year of c.100 MW of solar projects in Iberia.Gross renewable energy generation down QoQ  reflecting seasonally lower sunlight hours. All current operating portfolio fully owned by Galp since July 2022.Market Indicators4Q21 3Q22 4Q22 Var. YoY Var. QoQ Exchange rate (EUR/USD) 1.14 1.01 1.02 (11%) 1% Dated Brent price (USD/bbl) 79.8 100.8 88.9 11% (12%) Japan/Korea Marker LNG price (EUR/MWh) 104.8 152.3 100.1 (5%) (34%) Dutch TTF natural gas price (EUR/MWh) 92.0 196.2 94.4 3% (52%) Iberian MIBGAS natural gas price (EUR/MWh) 94.2 138.5 75.4 (20%) (46)% Iberian power baseload price1 (EUR/MWh) 211.1 146.3 113.2 (46%) (23%)Source: Platts/MIBGAS/Bloomberg/OMIE/REE.1 The Iberian power price is based on the Spanish power pool price published by the Iberian Energy Market Operator (OMIE),neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.59,0.16,0.24,True,English,"['Galp Energia SGPS S A', 'Trading Update', 'YoY Var. QoQ Renewable installed capacity1', 'Galp average solar generation sale price', 'Dutch TTF natural gas price', 'gas derivatives margin account balances', 'YoY Var. QoQ Exchange rate', 'Iberian MIBGAS natural gas price', 'YoY Var. QoQ Raw materials', 'YoY Var. QoQ Oil products', 'Korea Marker LNG price', 'post pandemic recovery trend', ""Matosinhos' site transformation project"", 'Spanish power pool price', 'Iberian power baseload price1', 'European natural gas environment', 'Gross renewable energy generation', 'robust operational cash flow', 'Iberian Energy Market Operator', 'Iberian power price', 'Dated Brent price', 'Natural gas sales', 'Oil products supply1', 'favourable market environment', ""analysts' conference call"", 'retail distribution assets', 'additional sourcing restrictions', 'current operating portfolio', 'Oil products sales', 'working capital release', 'Refining margin hedges', 'lower sunlight hours', 'Galp refining margin', 'Working interest production', 'Net entitlement production', 'Renewable generation', '4Q22 RCA Ebit', 'solar projects', 'OCF) generation', 'Oil hedges', 'Energy Management', 'higher QoQ', 'Oil production', 'Market Indicators', '4Q22 Var', 'attached release', 'Net debt', 'lower consumption', 'client sales', 'final figures', 'Euronext Lisbon', 'management presentation', 'Lisbon/London time', 'Further details', 'Consolidated earnings', 'financial position', 'windfall taxes', 'special items', 'Coral FLNG', 'first cargo', 'reduced demand', 'B2B segment', 'activity reduction', 'B2C segment', 'warmer temperatures', 'NG/LNG supply', 'maintenances activities', 'Ebitda level', 'New Businesses', 'c.100 MW', '4Q22 results', 'Commercial segment', 'commercial start-up', 'trading conditions', 'fourth quarter', 'trading volumes1', 'electricity sales', 'expected impact', '2% Electricity', 'information', 'data', 'February', 'opening', 'day', 'Company', 'unwind', 'Portugal', 'Spain', 'impacts', 'kboepd', 'kbpd', 'Angola', 'Brazil', 'Mozambique', 'contribution', 'GWh', 'impairment', 'Industrial', 'TWh', 'cogeneration', '5.6 mboe', 'throughput', 'provision', 'challenging', 'Renewables', 'Equity', '1 Capacity', 'period', '1.4 GW', 'year', 'July', 'EUR/USD', 'Source', 'Platts', 'Bloomberg/OMIE/REE']",2023-01-30,2023-01-30,marketscreener.com
17426,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/GENFIT-16311755/news/GENFIT-Half-Year-Report-of-Liquidity-Contract-with-Credit-Industriel-et-Commercial-42849959/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230130,GENFIT: Half-Year Report of Liquidity Contract with Crédit Industriel et Commercial,(marketscreener.com) Lille   Cambridge   Zurich January 30  2023 – GENFIT   a late-stage biopharmaceutical company dedicated to improving the lives of patients with liver diseases characterized by high unmet medical needs  today announced the half-year report…,Lille (France)  Cambridge (Massachusetts  United States)  Zurich (Switzerland) January 30  2023 – GENFIT (Nasdaq and Euronext: GNFT)  a late-stage biopharmaceutical company dedicated to improving the lives of patients with liver diseases characterized by high unmet medical needs  today announced the half-year report of the liquidity contract with Crédit Industriel et Commercial.Under the liquidity contract GENFIT has with Crédit Industriel et Commercial  the following resources appeared on the liquidity account as of December 31  2022:138 691 shares€534 070.18During the second half of 2022  total trading was:On the buy side: 1339 376 shares for a total amount of €5 332 876.57On the sell side: 1360 706 shares for a total amount of €5 417 420.02During this same period  the number of trades were:On the buy side: 2 627On the sell side: 2 681As a reminder  upon signing of the contract  the following resources appeared on the liquidity account:27  911 shares€769 849 43ABOUT GENFITGENFIT is a late-stage biopharmaceutical company dedicated to improving the lives of patients with liver diseases characterized by high unmet medical needs. GENFIT is a pioneer in liver disease research and development with a rich history and strong scientific heritage spanning more than two decades. Thanks to its expertise in bringing early-stage assets with high potential to late development and pre-commercialization stages  today GENFIT boasts a growing and diversified pipeline of innovative therapeutic and diagnostic solutions.Its R&D pipeline covers five therapeutic areas via six independent programs which explore the potential of differentiated mechanisms of action  across a variety of development stages (Phase 1  Phase 2  Phase 3). These diseases are acute on-chronic liver failure (ACLF)  hepatic encephalopathy (HE)  cholangiocarcinoma (CCA)  urea cycle disorder (UCD)/organic acidemia disorder (OAD) and primary biliary cholangitis (PBC). Beyond therapeutics  GENFIT’s pipeline also includes a diagnostic franchise focused on NASH and ACLF.GENFIT has facilities in Lille and Paris  France  Zurich  Switzerland  and Cambridge  MA  USA. GENFIT is a publicly traded company listed on the Nasdaq Global Select Market and on compartment B of Euronext’s regulated market in Paris (Nasdaq and Euronext: GNFT). In 2021  IPSEN became one of GENFIT’s largest shareholders and holds 8% of the company’s share capital. www.genfit.comFORWARD LOOKING STATEMENTSThis press release contains certain forward-looking statements with respect to GENFIT  including those within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995  in relation to GENFIT’s research and development programs. The use of certain words  including “consider”  “contemplate”  “think”  “aim”  “expect”  “understand”  “should”  “aspire”  “estimate”  “believe”  “wish”  “may”  “could”  “allow”  “seek”  “encourage” or “have confidence” or (as the case may be) the negative forms of such terms or any other variant of such terms or other terms similar to them in meaning is intended to identify forward-looking statements. Although the Company believes its projections are based on reasonable expectations and assumptions of the Company’s management  these forward-looking statements are subject to numerous known and unknown risks and uncertainties  which could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed in  or implied or projected by  the forward-looking statements. These risks and uncertainties include  among other things  the uncertainties inherent in research and development  including in relation to safety  biomarkers  progression of  and results from  its ongoing and planned clinical trials  review and approvals by regulatory authorities of its drug and diagnostic candidates  exchange rate fluctuations  potential synergies related to the acquisition of Versantis and our capacity to integrate its assets and develop its programs  and our continued ability to raise capital to fund its development  as well as those risks and uncertainties discussed or identified in the Company’s public filings with the AMF  including those listed in Chapter 2 “Main Risks and Uncertainties” of the Company’s 2021 Universal Registration Document filed with the AMF on April 29 2022 under n° D.22-0400  which is available on the Company’s website (www.genfit.com) and on the website of the AMF (www.amf-france.org) and public filings and reports filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”) including the Company’s 2021 Annual Report on Form 20-F filed with the SEC on April 29  2022 and the 2022 Half-Year Business and Financial Report. In addition  even if the Company’s results  performance  financial condition and liquidity  and the development of the industry in which it operates are consistent with such forward-looking statements  they may not be predictive of results or developments in future periods. These forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of publication of this document. Other than as required by applicable law  the Company does not undertake any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking information or statements  whether as a result of new information  future events or otherwise.CONTACTGENFIT | InvestorsTel: +33 3 2016 4000 | investors@genfit.comPRESS RELATIONS | MediaStephanie Boyer – Press relations | Tel: +333 2016 4000 | stephanie.boyer@genfit.comAPPENDIXH2 2022Buy side Sell side Date Number of executions Number of shares Traded amounts in EUR Number of executions Number of shares Traded amounts in EUR TOTAL 2 627 1 339 376 5 332 876 57 2 681 1 360 706 5 417 420 02 01/07/2022 18 2832 8 636 41 13 2469 7 579 59 04/07/2022 15 2808 8 691 55 26 8288 25 737 37 05/07/2022 26 7955 25 355 01 29 20374 65 398 59 06/07/2022 16 4220 13 276 05 12 2554 8 074 20 07/07/2022 6 1292 4 214 35 24 8899 28 843 38 08/07/2022 2 353 1 147 97 3 353 1 155 01 11/07/2022 23 4786 16 105 83 60 12921 44 025 39 12/07/2022 94 20252 70 347 19 58 13230 46 243 87 13/07/2022 42 10361 35 632 51 75 14935 51 843 11 14/07/2022 51 7594 26 838 57 55 8492 30 277 12 15/07/2022 24 5592 20 168 69 27 6489 23 669 94 18/07/2022 9 1389 5 408 47 15 2212 8 634 27 19/07/2022 27 8839 34 172 53 38 13773 54 079 10 20/07/2022 24 7265 28 590 78 17 3085 12 212 57 21/07/2022 34 8808 34 820 54 41 11812 46 866 87 22/07/2022 32 22153 89 152 26 28 18909 76 315 28 25/07/2022 12 14922 59 574 53 19 13427 53 899 65 26/07/2022 31 11232 44 551 72 40 20028 80 002 82 27/07/2022 19 10060 41 342 68 39 26415 108 378 27 28/07/2022 26 9418 38 912 08 17 7242 30 148 74 29/07/2022 17 12497 51 651 92 20 7914 32 974 57 01/08/2022 1 1 4 10 3 1501 6 274 10 02/08/2022 9 6263 25 585 08 15 7001 28 751 16 03/08/2022 5 1001 4 190 16 8 6174 26 306 37 04/08/2022 1 1 4 30 10 2368 10 196 80 05/08/2022 1 1 4 21 1 1 4 21 08/08/2022 17 7348 32 226 71 44 17336 75 576 32 09/08/2022 34 20558 90 621 14 65 25540 113 134 55 10/08/2022 14 8158 36 494 73 17 11554 51 898 22 11/08/2022 14 7576 34 673 02 40 22251 102 215 38 12/08/2022 35 33277 155 164 19 22 13303 62 918 65 15/08/2022 5 2353 10 456 73 4 2353 10 602 56 16/08/2022 22 21578 95 969 67 16 7644 34 110 93 17/08/2022 22 22619 100 329 00 51 26105 116 296 45 18/08/2022 26 20650 91 952 66 39 20638 92 295 75 19/08/2022 13 5807 26 015 34 25 9945 44 599 92 22/08/2022 36 28559 126 375 37 43 19848 88 138 13 23/08/2022 10 16492 71 930 24 27 19189 84 180 80 24/08/2022 12 11909 52 188 66 27 17382 76 930 61 25/08/2022 31 10729 48 265 79 6 7628 34 572 63 26/08/2022 38 44327 192 992 68 34 16002 69 508 54 29/08/2022 12 13951 58 307 65 23 13951 58 628 41 30/08/2022 1 1 4 20 2 2693 11 590 57 31/08/2022 10 3515 14 902 59 1 1 4 24 01/09/2022 33 24865 102 788 38 5 2150 8 913 99 02/09/2022 7 4293 17 648 42 34 19333 80 084 35 05/09/2022 19 20428 82 590 12 6 3890 15 614 57 06/09/2022 18 24973 102 387 67 53 40867 167 645 46 07/09/2022 5 6561 26 954 80 29 25222 105 209 62 08/09/2022 43 31387 130 644 08 38 19826 82 034 71 09/09/2022 12 10404 44 324 93 24 22838 97 386 75 12/09/2022 18 12319 52 584 99 46 9844 42 208 64 13/09/2022 19 15108 65 074 08 30 17848 77 190 62 14/09/2022 14 7915 34 731 84 41 34226 153 756 47 15/09/2022 46 37477 157 799 25 15 7870 33 027 27 16/09/2022 38 19386 79 021 86 7 9608 39 669 71 19/09/2022 15 10082 41 220 27 36 22125 90 601 06 20/09/2022 27 15990 65 748 78 23 16552 68 650 63 21/09/2022 80 30448 122 056 66 15 10434 41 632 01 22/09/2022 54 32105 125 279 63 35 22489 87 974 88 23/09/2022 60 29919 114 633 69 16 12423 47 510 51 26/09/2022 51 13923 52 389 27 17 14149 53 597 74 27/09/2022 1 1 3 79 18 10784 41 364 22 28/09/2022 14 13249 49 988 03 26 16143 61 613 37 29/09/2022 17 17488 66 805 18 18 11149 42 489 89 30/09/2022 30 21589 80 660 81 30 20170 75 931 90 03/10/2022 25 11454 43 148 41 26 16250 61 858 59 04/10/2022 1 1 3 85 7 6532 25 796 50 05/10/2022 18 12767 49 687 55 1 1 4 00 06/10/2022 5 4844 18 736 65 10 7218 28 068 37 07/10/2022 13 8500 33 185 00 26 27500 107 755 09 10/10/2022 26 18069 69 895 02 18 8563 32 920 96 11/10/2022 25 5001 19 368 90 23 16007 62 603 86 12/10/2022 22 18812 74 025 73 5 1097 4 322 17 13/10/2022 20 8222 32 145 19 33 11629 45 869 37 14/10/2022 19 4723 19 220 49 16 9909 40 368 53 17/10/2022 17 3953 16 180 75 16 7571 31 231 06 18/10/2022 32 15666 64 248 53 11 5963 24 598 95 19/10/2022 30 18424 72 980 23 12 5078 20 011 61 20/10/2022 27 13956 53 614 74 27 10136 39 044 83 21/10/2022 31 6437 24 646 12 6 4061 15 629 64 24/10/2022 21 8927 34 293 22 26 10423 40 186 91 25/10/2022 6 5534 21 938 91 24 10985 43 633 67 26/10/2022 15 6559 26 531 41 14 6559 26 662 57 27/10/2022 25 9306 37 840 19 28 12558 51 282 53 28/10/2022 22 8654 34 898 81 6 3833 15 480 18 31/10/2022 8 5134 20 559 61 13 6708 27 035 49 01/11/2022 16 6687 26 819 27 8 2657 10 709 87 02/11/2022 16 9156 36 412 91 17 6373 25 412 77 03/11/2022 31 13140 51 341 18 4 1217 4 804 74 04/11/2022 16 8883 33 606 06 6 2694 10 288 20 07/11/2022 6 4274 16 123 65 19 9755 37 131 68 08/11/2022 22 9262 35 095 54 4 2670 10 107 16 09/11/2022 5 2707 10 244 60 2 2 7 59 10/11/2022 10 5406 20 415 75 16 7883 30 006 96 11/11/2022 32 11846 45 522 04 13 7410 28 538 92 14/11/2022 26 17701 68 097 67 12 32875 127 390 75 15/11/2022 8 4189 15 875 70 26 32539 123 603 57 16/11/2022 11 4883 18 515 64 3 1246 4 712 41 17/11/2022 14 6556 24 580 92 2 1181 4 407 54 18/11/2022 11 3634 13 447 77 10 21514 80 055 49 21/11/2022 9 3692 13 660 40 15 4494 16 689 22 22/11/2022 20 9455 34 165 67 14 5709 20 715 99 23/11/2022 8 1448 5 177 80 8 2543 9 154 80 24/11/2022 4 2088 7 550 53 10 3266 11 877 50 25/11/2022 8 2469 8 812 20 8 3414 12 265 45 28/11/2022 17 6652 23 726 33 12 4409 15 798 01 29/11/2022 29 8255 28 724 97 11 2460 8 542 89 30/11/2022 13 3523 12 079 07 8 3174 10 975 81 01/12/2022 26 4382 14 985 55 9 4288 14 728 95 02/12/2022 19 5893 19 979 66 13 7217 24 661 19 05/12/2022 24 8564 29 405 80 23 10534 36 427 04 06/12/2022 33 15052 50 880 54 7 2236 7 456 83 07/12/2022 14 6888 22 855 03 13 9278 30 970 32 08/12/2022 15 4492 14 844 38 9 4029 13 402 93 09/12/2022 19 8043 27 280 14 21 11612 39 335 34 12/12/2022 32 14821 49 336 65 26 6077 20 165 40 13/12/2022 14 5973 19 831 02 8 5186 17 330 36 14/12/2022 10 3008 10 003 81 5 2203 7 375 64 15/12/2022 15 6955 22 895 89 8 3478 11 511 50 16/12/2022 19 8737 28 556 32 13 5761 18 910 91 19/12/2022 5 1818 6 017 70 11 2741 9 105 47 20/12/2022 9 4328 14 206 66 10 5404 17 861 21 21/12/2022 9 3835 12 733 23 17 9080 30 470 95 22/12/2022 8 2851 10 016 56 28 8461 29 468 95 23/12/2022 12 4147 14 576 48 39 8935 31 654 68 27/12/2022 15 4797 17 336 21 12 7717 28 046 38 28/12/2022 15 7509 28 079 05 24 9089 33 821 51 29/12/2022 11 4830 18 456 14 38 13505 51 951 61 30/12/2022 25 10392 40 868 37 30 11640 45 997 31GENFIT | 885 Avenue Eugène Avinée  59120 Loos - FRANCE | +333 2016 4000 | www.genfit.comAttachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.21,0.79,True,English,"['Crédit Industriel', 'Half-Year Report', 'Liquidity Contract', 'GENFIT', 'Commercial', 'Private Securities Litigation Reform Act', 'high unmet medical needs', 'Nasdaq Global Select Market', 'U.S. Securities', 'Crédit Industriel', 'strong scientific heritage', 'primary biliary cholangitis', 'five therapeutic areas', 'chronic liver failure', 'organic acidemia disorder', 'exchange rate fluctuations', 'FORWARD LOOKING STATEMENTS', 'R&D pipeline', 'six independent programs', '2021 Universal Registration Document', 'late-stage biopharmaceutical company', 'liver disease research', 'high potential', 'innovative therapeutic', 'cycle disorder', 'Exchange Commission', 'liver diseases', 'forward-looking statements', 'United States', 'half-year report', 'following resources', 'second half', 'total trading', 'buy side', 'total amount', 'sell side', 'same period', 'rich history', 'two decades', 'pre-commercialization stages', 'diversified pipeline', 'diagnostic solutions', 'differentiated mechanisms', 'hepatic encephalopathy', 'diagnostic franchise', 'compartment B', 'largest shareholders', 'press release', 'negative forms', 'other variant', 'reasonable expectations', 'numerous known', 'other things', 'clinical trials', 'regulatory authorities', 'diagnostic candidates', 'public filings', '2021 Annual Report', '2022 Half-Year Business', 'Financial Report', 'financial condition', 'future periods', 'applicable law', 'liquidity account', 'potential synergies', 'early-stage assets', 'share capital', 'unknown risks', 'Main Risks', 'liquidity contract', 'late development', 'development stages', 'development programs', 'other terms', 'actual results', 'Lille', 'France', 'Cambridge', 'Massachusetts', 'Zurich', 'Switzerland', 'GENFIT', 'Euronext', 'GNFT', 'lives', 'patients', 'December', '691 shares', '1339,376 shares', '1360,706 shares', 'number', 'trades', 'reminder', 'signing', '911 shares', 'pioneer', 'expertise', 'growing', 'action', 'variety', 'Phase', 'ACLF', 'cholangiocarcinoma', 'CCA', 'UCD', 'OAD', 'PBC', 'therapeutics', 'NASH', 'facilities', 'Paris', 'USA', 'IPSEN', 'respect', 'meaning', 'relation', 'words', 'contemplate', 'understand', 'confidence', 'case', 'projections', 'assumptions', 'management', 'uncertainties', 'safety', 'biomarkers', 'progression', 'ongoing', 'review', 'approvals', 'drug', 'acquisition', 'Versantis', 'capacity', 'continued', 'ability', 'AMF', 'Chapter', 'April', 'n°', 'website', 'reports', 'addition', 'performance', 'industry', 'developments', 'publication']",2023-01-30,2023-01-30,marketscreener.com
17427,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/SANOFI-4698/news/Press-Release-Dupixent-dupilumab-approved-by-European-Commission-as-the-first-and-only-targeted-42843035/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230130,Press Release:  Dupixent® (dupilumab) approved by European Commission as the first and only targeted medicine indicated for eosinophilic esophagitis,(marketscreener.com)  Dupixent® approved by European Commission as the first and only targeted medicine indicated for eosinophilic esophagitis Approximately 60% of patients aged 12 years and older treated with Dupixent 300 mg weekly in the pivotal trial exper…,"Dupixent® (dupilumab) approved by European Commission as the first and only targeted medicine indicated for eosinophilic esophagitisApproximately 60% of patients aged 12 years and older treated with Dupixent 300 mg weekly in the pivotal trial experienced histological disease remission; patients also significantly improved their ability to swallow compared to placeboDupixent is now an option for the approximately 50 000 adults and adolescents living with severe uncontrolled eosinophilic esophagitis in the European Union (EU)Dupixent now approved to treat five diseases with underlying type 2 inflammation in the EUParis and Tarrytown  N.Y. Jan 30  2023. The European Commission (EC) has expanded the marketing authorization for Dupixent® (dupilumab) in the European Union (EU) to treat eosinophilic esophagitis (EoE) in adults and adolescents 12 years and older  weighing at least 40 kg  who are inadequately controlled by  are intolerant to  or who are not candidates for conventional medicinal therapy. EoE is a chronic  progressive inflammatory disease that damages the esophagus and prevents it from working properly. With this approval  Dupixent is the first and only targeted medicine specifically indicated to treat EoE in Europe and the U.S.Naimish Patel  M.D.Head of Global Development  Immunology and Inflammation at Sanofi“The impact of EoE on a patient’s daily life cannot be overstated – the narrowing and scarring of the esophagus can make something as simple as eating a painful and distressing experience  and may lead to choking and food impaction. With this latest approval for Dupixent  adults and adolescents in the EU suffering from the chronic and often debilitating symptoms of EoE now have the first and only targeted treatment option clinically proven to reduce both esophageal inflammation and damage  as well as improve swallowing ability  pain and health-related quality of life.”George D. Yancopoulos  M.D.  Ph.D.President and Chief Scientific Officer at Regeneron“This latest approval establishes Dupixent as the only targeted medicine specifically indicated for eosinophilic esophagitis in the European Union. Dupixent is also the only biologic shown in pivotal trials to help patients achieve histological remission  reduce difficulty swallowing and improve health-related quality of life – all of which are crucial to reducing the burden of this debilitating disease. Since its first approval  Dupixent has redefined the treatment of certain chronic diseases with underlying type 2 inflammation and is now indicated for five conditions in the European Union. We remain committed to investigating Dupixent’s potential in additional diseases in which IL-4 and IL-13 may play a key role.”The EC decision is supported by 52-week data from a Phase 3 trial consisting of three parts (Part A  B and C). Part A and Part B investigated Dupixent 300 mg weekly (Part A n=42; Part B n=80) compared to placebo (Part A n=39; Part B n=79) for 24 weeks. Part C (n=188) observed patients who had continued on or switched to Dupixent from Parts A and B for an additional 28 weeks.Dupixent patients in Parts A and B  respectively  experienced:An approximately 10 times higher rate of histological disease remission (60% and 59%)  a co-primary endpoint  compared to placebo (5% and 6%).A 69% and 64% reduction in disease symptoms compared to 32% and 41% with placebo. Disease symptoms were measured using the Dysphagia Symptom Questionnaire (DSQ)  on which Dupixent patients experienced a 21.9- and 23.8-point clinically meaningful improvement compared to a 9.6- and 13.9-point improvement for placebo  a co-primary endpoint. Swallowing improvement was observed as early as four weeks.A greater than seven-fold reduction in abnormal endoscopic findings from baseline (-3.2 and -4.5 points) compared to placebo (-0.3 and -0.6 points).Nominally significant improvements in swallowing-related pain and health-related quality of life  as well as less frequent non-swallowing symptoms.Histological disease remission  swallowing improvement and reduction in abnormal endoscopic findings were consistent with the overall population in patients who were uncontrolled  or not responsive to or not eligible for swallowed topical corticosteroids. Longer term efficacy in Part C was similar to results observed in Parts A and B.The safety results of the trial were generally consistent with the known safety profile of Dupixent in its approved indications. The most common side effects across indications include injection site reactions  conjunctivitis  conjunctivitis allergic  arthralgia  oral herpes and eosinophilia. Adverse events more commonly observed in EoE patients treated with Dupixent (n=122) compared to placebo (n=117) included infections (32% vs. 25%). An additional adverse reaction of injection site bruising was reported in the EoE trial. The safety profile through 52 weeks was generally consistent with the safety profile observed at 24 weeks.About Eosinophilic EsophagitisEoE is a chronic  progressive inflammatory disease that damages the esophagus and prevents it from working properly. The results seen with Dupixent in adults and adolescents with EoE demonstrate that interleukin-4 (IL-4) and interleukin-13 (IL-13) are key and central drivers of the type 2 inflammation underlying this disease. For people with EoE  swallowing even small amounts of food can be a painful and worrisome choking experience. They are often left to contend with the frustration and anxiety of a constantly evolving list of foods to avoid  a poor quality of life and a higher risk of depression. In cases where EoE causes the esophagus to narrow  forced and potentially painful dilation (physical expansion) of the esophagus may be needed. In severe cases  a feeding tube may be the only option to ensure proper caloric intake and adequate nutrition. In the EU  about 50 000 adults and adolescents live with severe uncontrolled EoE.About the Dupixent Eosinophilic Esophagitis TrialThe three-part Phase 3 randomized  double-blind  placebo-controlled trial evaluated the efficacy and safety of Dupixent in patients aged 12 years and older with EoE. All patients had previously not responded to proton pump inhibitors  and  across Parts A and B  74% of patients were previously treated with swallowed topical corticosteroids.At 24 weeks  the co-primary endpoints in Parts A and B assessed patient-reported measures of difficulty swallowing (change from baseline in the DSQ on a 0-84 scale) and esophageal inflammation (proportion of patients achieving histological disease remission  defined as peak esophageal intraepithelial eosinophil count of ≤6 eos/hpf).Additional endpoints included abnormal endoscopic findings (EoE Endoscopic Reference Score [EoE-EREFS] on a 0-18 scale)  swallowing-related pain (DSQ pain score)  health-related quality of life (EoE Impact Questionnaire [EoE-IQ]) and frequency of other non-dysphagia symptoms (EoE Symptom Questionnaire [EoE-SQ]).About DupixentDupixent is an injection administered under the skin (subcutaneous injection) at different injection sites. In the EU for adolescents and adults with EoE  Dupixent is administered at 300 mg every week. It is available as both a pre-filled pen and pre-filled syringe at the 300 mg dose. Dupixent is intended for use under the guidance of a healthcare professional and can be given in a clinic or at home by self-administration after training by a healthcare professional.Dupixent is a fully human monoclonal antibody that inhibits the signaling of the interleukin-4 (IL-4) and interleukin-13 (IL-13) pathways and is not an immunosuppressant. The Dupixent development program has shown significant clinical benefit and a decrease in type 2 inflammation in Phase 3 trials  establishing that IL-4 and IL-13 are key and central drivers of the type 2 inflammation that plays a major role in multiple related and often co-morbid diseases. These diseases include approved indications for Dupixent  such as atopic dermatitis  asthma  chronic rhinosinusitis with nasal polyposis (CRSwNP)  prurigo nodularis and EoE.Dupixent has received regulatory approvals in one or more countries around the world for use in certain patients with atopic dermatitis  asthma  CRSwNP  EoE or prurigo nodularis in different age populations. Dupixent is currently approved for one or more of these indications in more than 60 countries  including in Europe  the U.S. and Japan. More than 500 000 patients have been treated with Dupixent globally.Dupilumab Development ProgramDupilumab is being jointly developed by Sanofi and Regeneron under a global collaboration agreement. To date  dupilumab has been studied across more than 60 clinical trials involving more than 10 000 patients with various chronic diseases driven in part by type 2 inflammation.In addition to the currently approved indications  Sanofi and Regeneron are studying dupilumab in a broad range of diseases driven by type 2 inflammation or other allergic processes in Phase 3 trials  including pediatric EoE  hand and foot atopic dermatitis  chronic inducible urticaria-cold  chronic spontaneous urticaria  chronic pruritus of unknown origin  chronic obstructive pulmonary disease with evidence of type 2 inflammation  chronic rhinosinusitis without nasal polyposis  allergic fungal rhinosinusitis  allergic bronchopulmonary aspergillosis and bullous pemphigoid. These potential uses of dupilumab are currently under clinical investigation  and the safety and efficacy in these conditions have not been fully evaluated by any regulatory authority.About RegeneronRegeneron (NASDAQ: REGN) is a leading biotechnology company that invents  develops and commercializes life-transforming medicines for people with serious diseases. Founded and led for 35 years by physician-scientists  our unique ability to repeatedly and consistently translate science into medicine has led to nine FDA-approved treatments and numerous product candidates in development  almost all of which were homegrown in our laboratories. Our medicines and pipeline are designed to help patients with eye diseases  allergic and inflammatory diseases  cancer  cardiovascular and metabolic diseases  pain  hematologic conditions  infectious diseases and rare diseases.Regeneron is accelerating and improving the traditional drug development process through our proprietary VelociSuite® technologies  such as VelocImmune®  which uses unique genetically humanized mice to produce optimized fully human antibodies and bispecific antibodies  and through ambitious research initiatives such as the Regeneron Genetics Center  which is conducting one of the largest genetics sequencing efforts in the world.For more information  please visit www.Regeneron.com or follow @Regeneron on Twitter.About SanofiWe are an innovative global healthcare company  driven by one purpose: we chase the miracles of science to improve people’s lives. Our team  across some 100 countries  is dedicated to transforming the practice of medicine by working to turn the impossible into the possible. We provide potentially life-changing treatment options and life-saving vaccine protection to millions of people globally  while putting sustainability and social responsibility at the center of our ambitions.Sanofi is listed on EURONEXT: SAN and NASDAQ: SNYSanofi Media RelationsSally Bain | + 1 617 834 6026 | sally.bain@sanofi.comSanofi Investor RelationsEva Schaefer-Jansen | + 33 7 86 80 56 39 | eva.schaefer-jansen@sanofi.comArnaud Delépine | + 33 06 73 69 36 93 | arnaud.delepine@sanofi.comCorentine Driancourt | + 33 06 40 56 92 21 | corentine.driancourt@sanofi.comFelix Lauscher | + 1 908 612 7239 | felix.lauscher@sanofi.comPriya Nanduri |+ 1 617 764 6418 | priya.nanduri@sanofi.comNathalie Pham | + 33 07 85 93 30 17 | nathalie.pham@sanofi.comRegeneron Media RelationsIlana Yellen | + 1 914 330 9618 |ilana.yellen@regeneron.comRegeneron Investor RelationsVesna Tosic | + 914 847 5443 | vesna.tosic@regeneron.comSanofi Disclaimers or Forward-Looking StatementsThis press release contains forward-looking statements as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995  as amended. Forward-looking statements are statements that are not historical facts. These statements include projections and estimates regarding the marketing and other potential of the product  or regarding potential future revenues from the product. Forward-looking statements are generally identified by the words ""expects""  ""anticipates""  ""believes""  ""intends""  ""estimates""  ""plans"" and similar expressions. Although Sanofi's management believes that the expectations reflected in such forward-looking statements are reasonable  investors are cautioned that forward-looking information and statements are subject to various risks and uncertainties  many of which are difficult to predict and generally beyond the control of Sanofi  that could cause actual results and developments to differ materially from those expressed in  or implied or projected by  the forward-looking information and statements. These risks and uncertainties include among other things  unexpected regulatory actions or delays  or government regulation generally  that could affect the availability or commercial potential of the product  the fact that product may not be commercially successful  the uncertainties inherent in research and development  including future clinical data and analysis of existing clinical data relating to the product  including post marketing  unexpected safety  quality or manufacturing issues  competition in general  risks associated with intellectual property and any related future litigation and the ultimate outcome of such litigation  and volatile economic and market conditions  and the impact that COVID-19 will have on us  our customers  suppliers  vendors  and other business partners  and the financial condition of any one of them  as well as on our employees and on the global economy as a whole. Any material effect of COVID-19 on any of the foregoing could also adversely impact us. This situation is changing rapidly and additional impacts may arise of which we are not currently aware and may exacerbate other previously identified risks. The risks and uncertainties also include the uncertainties discussed or identified in the public filings with the SEC and the AMF made by Sanofi  including those listed under ""Risk Factors"" and ""Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements"" in Sanofi's annual report on Form 20-F for the year ended December 31  2021. Other than as required by applicable law  Sanofi does not undertake any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking information or statements.Regeneron Forward-Looking Statements and Use of Digital MediaThis press release includes forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties relating to future events and the future performance of Regeneron Pharmaceuticals  Inc. (“Regeneron” or the “Company”)  and actual events or results may differ materially from these forward-looking statements. Words such as “anticipate ” “expect ” “intend ” “plan ” “believe ” “seek ” “estimate ” variations of such words  and similar expressions are intended to identify such forward-looking statements  although not all forward-looking statements contain these identifying words. These statements concern  and these risks and uncertainties include  among others  the impact of SARS-CoV-2 (the virus that has caused the COVID-19 pandemic) on Regeneron’s business and its employees  collaborators  and suppliers and other third parties on which Regeneron relies  Regeneron’s and its collaborators’ ability to continue to conduct research and clinical programs  Regeneron’s ability to manage its supply chain  net product sales of products marketed or otherwise commercialized by Regeneron and/or its collaborators or licensees (collectively  “Regeneron’s Products”)  and the global economy; the nature  timing  and possible success and therapeutic applications of Regeneron’s Products and product candidates being developed by Regeneron and/or its collaborators or licensees (collectively  “Regeneron’s Product Candidates”) and research and clinical programs now underway or planned  including without limitation Dupixent® (dupilumab) for the treatment of adults and adolescents with eosinophilic esophagitis (“EoE”); uncertainty of the utilization  market acceptance  and commercial success of Regeneron’s Products and Regeneron’s Product Candidates and the impact of studies (whether conducted by Regeneron or others and whether mandated or voluntary)  including the studies discussed or referenced in this press release  on any of the foregoing; the likelihood  timing  and scope of possible regulatory approval and commercial launch of Regeneron’s Product Candidates and new indications for Regeneron’s Products  such as Dupixent for the treatment of pediatric EoE  hand and foot atopic dermatitis  chronic inducible urticaria-cold  chronic spontaneous urticaria  chronic pruritus of unknown origin  chronic obstructive pulmonary disease with evidence of type 2 inflammation  chronic rhinosinusitis without nasal polyposis  allergic fungal rhinosinusitis  bullous pemphigoid  and other potential indications; the ability of Regeneron’s collaborators  licensees  suppliers  or other third parties (as applicable) to perform manufacturing  filling  finishing  packaging  labeling  distribution  and other steps related to Regeneron’s Products and Regeneron’s Product Candidates; the ability of Regeneron to manage supply chains for multiple products and product candidates; safety issues resulting from the administration of Regeneron’s Products (such as Dupixent) and Regeneron’s Product Candidates in patients  including serious complications or side effects in connection with the use of Regeneron’s Products and Regeneron’s Product Candidates in clinical trials; determinations by regulatory and administrative governmental authorities which may delay or restrict Regeneron’s ability to continue to develop or commercialize Regeneron’s Products and Regeneron’s Product Candidates  including without limitation Dupixent; ongoing regulatory obligations and oversight impacting Regeneron’s Products  research and clinical programs  and business  including those relating to patient privacy; the availability and extent of reimbursement of Regeneron’s Products from third-party payers  including private payer healthcare and insurance programs  health maintenance organizations  pharmacy benefit management companies  and government programs such as Medicare and Medicaid; coverage and reimbursement determinations by such payers and new policies and procedures adopted by such payers; competing drugs and product candidates that may be superior to  or more cost effective than  Regeneron’s Products and Regeneron’s Product Candidates; the extent to which the results from the research and development programs conducted by Regeneron and/or its collaborators or licensees may be replicated in other studies and/or lead to advancement of product candidates to clinical trials  therapeutic applications  or regulatory approval; unanticipated expenses; the costs of developing  producing  and selling products; the ability of Regeneron to meet any of its financial projections or guidance and changes to the assumptions underlying those projections or guidance; the potential for any license  collaboration  or supply agreement  including Regeneron’s agreements with Sanofi and Bayer (or their respective affiliated companies  as applicable) to be cancelled or terminated; and risks associated with intellectual property of other parties and pending or future litigation relating thereto (including without limitation the patent litigation and other related proceedings relating to EYLEA® (aflibercept) Injection  Praluent® (alirocumab)  and REGEN-COV® (casirivimab and imdevimab))  other litigation and other proceedings and government investigations relating to the Company and/or its operations  the ultimate outcome of any such proceedings and investigations  and the impact any of the foregoing may have on Regeneron’s business  prospects  operating results  and financial condition. A more complete description of these and other material risks can be found in Regeneron’s filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission  including its Form 10-K for the year ended December 31  2021 and its Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended September 30  2022. Any forward-looking statements are made based on management’s current beliefs and judgment  and the reader is cautioned not to rely on any forward-looking statements made by Regeneron. Regeneron does not undertake any obligation to update (publicly or otherwise) any forward-looking statement  including without limitation any financial projection or guidance  whether as a result of new information  future events  or otherwise.Regeneron uses its media and investor relations website and social media outlets to publish important information about the Company  including information that may be deemed material to investors. Financial and other information about Regeneron is routinely posted and is accessible on Regeneron’s media and investor relations website (http://newsroom.regeneron.com) and its Twitter feed (http://twitter.com/regeneron).Attachment",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.01,mixed,0.18,0.09,0.73,True,English,"['Press Release', 'European Commission', 'eosinophilic esophagitis', 'Dupixent®', 'dupilumab', 'first', 'targeted', 'medicine', 'chronic, progressive inflammatory disease', 'severe uncontrolled eosinophilic esophagitis', 'conventional medicinal therapy', 'Chief Scientific Officer', '10 times higher rate', 'Dysphagia Symptom Questionnaire', 'abnormal endoscopic findings', 'Longer term efficacy', 'common side effects', 'injection site reactions', 'injection site bruising', 'histological disease remission', 'underlying type 2 inflammation', 'George D. Yancopoulos', 'frequent non-swallowing symptoms', 'The EC decision', 'additional adverse reaction', 'The European Commission', 'targeted treatment option', 'disease symptoms', 'debilitating disease', 'chronic diseases', 'Adverse events', 'additional diseases', 'M.D.', 'debilitating symptoms', 'esophageal inflammation', 'Ph.D', 'European Union', 'five diseases', 'N.Y.', 'marketing authorization', 'U.S.', 'Naimish Patel', 'Global Development', 'distressing experience', 'food impaction', 'health-related quality', 'pivotal trials', 'difficulty swallowing', 'five conditions', 'key role', '52-week data', 'three parts', 'Part A', 'Part C', 'Parts A', 'primary endpoint', 'significant improvements', 'overall population', 'topical corticosteroids', 'safety profile', 'oral herpes', 'targeted medicine', 'latest approval', 'Phase 3 trial', 'Part B', 'meaningful improvement', '13.9-point improvement', 'Swallowing improvement', 'additional 28 weeks', 'swallowing ability', 'swallowing-related pain', 'safety results', 'four weeks', 'seven-fold reduction', 'daily life', 'Dupixent 300 mg', 'first approval', 'EoE trial', 'EoE patients', 'Dupixent patients', 'B.', '24 weeks', '52 weeks', '64% reduction', 'Dupixent®', 'dupilumab', 'years', 'placebo', '50,000 adults', 'adolescents', 'Paris', 'Tarrytown', '40 kg', 'candidates', 'esophagus', 'Head', 'Immunology', 'Sanofi', 'narrowing', 'scarring', 'something', 'painful', 'choking', 'damage', 'President', 'Regeneron', 'biologic', 'burden', 'potential', 'IL-4', 'DSQ', '23.8-point', 'greater', 'baseline', 'points', 'less', 'indications', 'conjunctivitis', 'arthralgia', 'eosinophilia', 'infections']",2023-01-30,2023-01-30,marketscreener.com
17428,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/01/30/2597236/0/en/Press-Release-Dupixent-dupilumab-approved-by-European-Commission-as-the-first-and-only-targeted-medicine-indicated-for-eosinophilic-esophagitis.html,Press Release:  Dupixent® (dupilumab) approved by European Commission as the first and only targeted medicine indicated for eosinophilic esophagitis,Dupixent® (dupilumab) approved by European Commission as the first and only targeted medicine indicated for eosinophilic esophagitis  Approximately 60%...,"English FrenchDupixent® (dupilumab) approved by European Commission as the first and only targeted medicine indicated for eosinophilic esophagitisApproximately 60% of patients aged 12 years and older treated with Dupixent 300 mg weekly in the pivotal trial experienced histological disease remission; patients also significantly improved their ability to swallow compared to placeboDupixent is now an option for the approximately 50 000 adults and adolescents living with severe uncontrolled eosinophilic esophagitis in the European Union (EU)Dupixent now approved to treat five diseases with underlying type 2 inflammation in the EUParis and Tarrytown  N.Y. Jan 30  2023. The European Commission (EC) has expanded the marketing authorization for Dupixent® (dupilumab) in the European Union (EU) to treat eosinophilic esophagitis (EoE) in adults and adolescents 12 years and older  weighing at least 40 kg  who are inadequately controlled by  are intolerant to  or who are not candidates for conventional medicinal therapy. EoE is a chronic  progressive inflammatory disease that damages the esophagus and prevents it from working properly. With this approval  Dupixent is the first and only targeted medicine specifically indicated to treat EoE in Europe and the U.S.Naimish Patel  M.D.Head of Global Development  Immunology and Inflammation at Sanofi“The impact of EoE on a patient’s daily life cannot be overstated – the narrowing and scarring of the esophagus can make something as simple as eating a painful and distressing experience  and may lead to choking and food impaction. With this latest approval for Dupixent  adults and adolescents in the EU suffering from the chronic and often debilitating symptoms of EoE now have the first and only targeted treatment option clinically proven to reduce both esophageal inflammation and damage  as well as improve swallowing ability  pain and health-related quality of life.”George D. Yancopoulos  M.D.  Ph.D.President and Chief Scientific Officer at Regeneron“This latest approval establishes Dupixent as the only targeted medicine specifically indicated for eosinophilic esophagitis in the European Union. Dupixent is also the only biologic shown in pivotal trials to help patients achieve histological remission  reduce difficulty swallowing and improve health-related quality of life – all of which are crucial to reducing the burden of this debilitating disease. Since its first approval  Dupixent has redefined the treatment of certain chronic diseases with underlying type 2 inflammation and is now indicated for five conditions in the European Union. We remain committed to investigating Dupixent’s potential in additional diseases in which IL-4 and IL-13 may play a key role.”The EC decision is supported by 52-week data from a Phase 3 trial consisting of three parts (Part A  B and C). Part A and Part B investigated Dupixent 300 mg weekly (Part A n=42; Part B n=80) compared to placebo (Part A n=39; Part B n=79) for 24 weeks. Part C (n=188) observed patients who had continued on or switched to Dupixent from Parts A and B for an additional 28 weeks.Dupixent patients in Parts A and B  respectively  experienced:An approximately 10 times higher rate of histological disease remission (60% and 59%)  a co-primary endpoint  compared to placebo (5% and 6%).A 69% and 64% reduction in disease symptoms compared to 32% and 41% with placebo. Disease symptoms were measured using the Dysphagia Symptom Questionnaire (DSQ)  on which Dupixent patients experienced a 21.9- and 23.8-point clinically meaningful improvement compared to a 9.6- and 13.9-point improvement for placebo  a co-primary endpoint. Swallowing improvement was observed as early as four weeks.A greater than seven-fold reduction in abnormal endoscopic findings from baseline (-3.2 and -4.5 points) compared to placebo (-0.3 and -0.6 points).Nominally significant improvements in swallowing-related pain and health-related quality of life  as well as less frequent non-swallowing symptoms.Histological disease remission  swallowing improvement and reduction in abnormal endoscopic findings were consistent with the overall population in patients who were uncontrolled  or not responsive to or not eligible for swallowed topical corticosteroids. Longer term efficacy in Part C was similar to results observed in Parts A and B.The safety results of the trial were generally consistent with the known safety profile of Dupixent in its approved indications. The most common side effects across indications include injection site reactions  conjunctivitis  conjunctivitis allergic  arthralgia  oral herpes and eosinophilia. Adverse events more commonly observed in EoE patients treated with Dupixent (n=122) compared to placebo (n=117) included infections (32% vs. 25%). An additional adverse reaction of injection site bruising was reported in the EoE trial. The safety profile through 52 weeks was generally consistent with the safety profile observed at 24 weeks.About Eosinophilic EsophagitisEoE is a chronic  progressive inflammatory disease that damages the esophagus and prevents it from working properly. The results seen with Dupixent in adults and adolescents with EoE demonstrate that interleukin-4 (IL-4) and interleukin-13 (IL-13) are key and central drivers of the type 2 inflammation underlying this disease. For people with EoE  swallowing even small amounts of food can be a painful and worrisome choking experience. They are often left to contend with the frustration and anxiety of a constantly evolving list of foods to avoid  a poor quality of life and a higher risk of depression. In cases where EoE causes the esophagus to narrow  forced and potentially painful dilation (physical expansion) of the esophagus may be needed. In severe cases  a feeding tube may be the only option to ensure proper caloric intake and adequate nutrition. In the EU  about 50 000 adults and adolescents live with severe uncontrolled EoE.About the Dupixent Eosinophilic Esophagitis TrialThe three-part Phase 3 randomized  double-blind  placebo-controlled trial evaluated the efficacy and safety of Dupixent in patients aged 12 years and older with EoE. All patients had previously not responded to proton pump inhibitors  and  across Parts A and B  74% of patients were previously treated with swallowed topical corticosteroids.At 24 weeks  the co-primary endpoints in Parts A and B assessed patient-reported measures of difficulty swallowing (change from baseline in the DSQ on a 0-84 scale) and esophageal inflammation (proportion of patients achieving histological disease remission  defined as peak esophageal intraepithelial eosinophil count of ≤6 eos/hpf).Additional endpoints included abnormal endoscopic findings (EoE Endoscopic Reference Score [EoE-EREFS] on a 0-18 scale)  swallowing-related pain (DSQ pain score)  health-related quality of life (EoE Impact Questionnaire [EoE-IQ]) and frequency of other non-dysphagia symptoms (EoE Symptom Questionnaire [EoE-SQ]).About DupixentDupixent is an injection administered under the skin (subcutaneous injection) at different injection sites. In the EU for adolescents and adults with EoE  Dupixent is administered at 300 mg every week. It is available as both a pre-filled pen and pre-filled syringe at the 300 mg dose. Dupixent is intended for use under the guidance of a healthcare professional and can be given in a clinic or at home by self-administration after training by a healthcare professional.Dupixent is a fully human monoclonal antibody that inhibits the signaling of the interleukin-4 (IL-4) and interleukin-13 (IL-13) pathways and is not an immunosuppressant. The Dupixent development program has shown significant clinical benefit and a decrease in type 2 inflammation in Phase 3 trials  establishing that IL-4 and IL-13 are key and central drivers of the type 2 inflammation that plays a major role in multiple related and often co-morbid diseases. These diseases include approved indications for Dupixent  such as atopic dermatitis  asthma  chronic rhinosinusitis with nasal polyposis (CRSwNP)  prurigo nodularis and EoE.Dupixent has received regulatory approvals in one or more countries around the world for use in certain patients with atopic dermatitis  asthma  CRSwNP  EoE or prurigo nodularis in different age populations. Dupixent is currently approved for one or more of these indications in more than 60 countries  including in Europe  the U.S. and Japan. More than 500 000 patients have been treated with Dupixent globally.Dupilumab Development ProgramDupilumab is being jointly developed by Sanofi and Regeneron under a global collaboration agreement. To date  dupilumab has been studied across more than 60 clinical trials involving more than 10 000 patients with various chronic diseases driven in part by type 2 inflammation.In addition to the currently approved indications  Sanofi and Regeneron are studying dupilumab in a broad range of diseases driven by type 2 inflammation or other allergic processes in Phase 3 trials  including pediatric EoE  hand and foot atopic dermatitis  chronic inducible urticaria-cold  chronic spontaneous urticaria  chronic pruritus of unknown origin  chronic obstructive pulmonary disease with evidence of type 2 inflammation  chronic rhinosinusitis without nasal polyposis  allergic fungal rhinosinusitis  allergic bronchopulmonary aspergillosis and bullous pemphigoid. These potential uses of dupilumab are currently under clinical investigation  and the safety and efficacy in these conditions have not been fully evaluated by any regulatory authority.About RegeneronRegeneron (NASDAQ: REGN) is a leading biotechnology company that invents  develops and commercializes life-transforming medicines for people with serious diseases. Founded and led for 35 years by physician-scientists  our unique ability to repeatedly and consistently translate science into medicine has led to nine FDA-approved treatments and numerous product candidates in development  almost all of which were homegrown in our laboratories. Our medicines and pipeline are designed to help patients with eye diseases  allergic and inflammatory diseases  cancer  cardiovascular and metabolic diseases  pain  hematologic conditions  infectious diseases and rare diseases.Regeneron is accelerating and improving the traditional drug development process through our proprietary VelociSuite® technologies  such as VelocImmune®  which uses unique genetically humanized mice to produce optimized fully human antibodies and bispecific antibodies  and through ambitious research initiatives such as the Regeneron Genetics Center  which is conducting one of the largest genetics sequencing efforts in the world.For more information  please visit www.Regeneron.com or follow @Regeneron on Twitter.About SanofiWe are an innovative global healthcare company  driven by one purpose: we chase the miracles of science to improve people’s lives. Our team  across some 100 countries  is dedicated to transforming the practice of medicine by working to turn the impossible into the possible. We provide potentially life-changing treatment options and life-saving vaccine protection to millions of people globally  while putting sustainability and social responsibility at the center of our ambitions.Sanofi is listed on EURONEXT: SAN and NASDAQ: SNYSanofi Media RelationsSally Bain | + 1 617 834 6026 | sally.bain@sanofi.comSanofi Investor RelationsEva Schaefer-Jansen | + 33 7 86 80 56 39 | eva.schaefer-jansen@sanofi.comArnaud Delépine | + 33 06 73 69 36 93 | arnaud.delepine@sanofi.comCorentine Driancourt | + 33 06 40 56 92 21 | corentine.driancourt@sanofi.comFelix Lauscher | + 1 908 612 7239 | felix.lauscher@sanofi.comPriya Nanduri |+ 1 617 764 6418 | priya.nanduri@sanofi.comNathalie Pham | + 33 07 85 93 30 17 | nathalie.pham@sanofi.comRegeneron Media RelationsIlana Yellen | + 1 914 330 9618 |ilana.yellen@regeneron.comRegeneron Investor RelationsVesna Tosic | + 914 847 5443 | vesna.tosic@regeneron.comSanofi Disclaimers or Forward-Looking StatementsThis press release contains forward-looking statements as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995  as amended. Forward-looking statements are statements that are not historical facts. These statements include projections and estimates regarding the marketing and other potential of the product  or regarding potential future revenues from the product. Forward-looking statements are generally identified by the words ""expects""  ""anticipates""  ""believes""  ""intends""  ""estimates""  ""plans"" and similar expressions. Although Sanofi's management believes that the expectations reflected in such forward-looking statements are reasonable  investors are cautioned that forward-looking information and statements are subject to various risks and uncertainties  many of which are difficult to predict and generally beyond the control of Sanofi  that could cause actual results and developments to differ materially from those expressed in  or implied or projected by  the forward-looking information and statements. These risks and uncertainties include among other things  unexpected regulatory actions or delays  or government regulation generally  that could affect the availability or commercial potential of the product  the fact that product may not be commercially successful  the uncertainties inherent in research and development  including future clinical data and analysis of existing clinical data relating to the product  including post marketing  unexpected safety  quality or manufacturing issues  competition in general  risks associated with intellectual property and any related future litigation and the ultimate outcome of such litigation  and volatile economic and market conditions  and the impact that COVID-19 will have on us  our customers  suppliers  vendors  and other business partners  and the financial condition of any one of them  as well as on our employees and on the global economy as a whole. Any material effect of COVID-19 on any of the foregoing could also adversely impact us. This situation is changing rapidly and additional impacts may arise of which we are not currently aware and may exacerbate other previously identified risks. The risks and uncertainties also include the uncertainties discussed or identified in the public filings with the SEC and the AMF made by Sanofi  including those listed under ""Risk Factors"" and ""Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements"" in Sanofi's annual report on Form 20-F for the year ended December 31  2021. Other than as required by applicable law  Sanofi does not undertake any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking information or statements.Regeneron Forward-Looking Statements and Use of Digital MediaThis press release includes forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties relating to future events and the future performance of Regeneron Pharmaceuticals  Inc. (“Regeneron” or the “Company”)  and actual events or results may differ materially from these forward-looking statements. Words such as “anticipate ” “expect ” “intend ” “plan ” “believe ” “seek ” “estimate ” variations of such words  and similar expressions are intended to identify such forward-looking statements  although not all forward-looking statements contain these identifying words. These statements concern  and these risks and uncertainties include  among others  the impact of SARS-CoV-2 (the virus that has caused the COVID-19 pandemic) on Regeneron’s business and its employees  collaborators  and suppliers and other third parties on which Regeneron relies  Regeneron’s and its collaborators’ ability to continue to conduct research and clinical programs  Regeneron’s ability to manage its supply chain  net product sales of products marketed or otherwise commercialized by Regeneron and/or its collaborators or licensees (collectively  “Regeneron’s Products”)  and the global economy; the nature  timing  and possible success and therapeutic applications of Regeneron’s Products and product candidates being developed by Regeneron and/or its collaborators or licensees (collectively  “Regeneron’s Product Candidates”) and research and clinical programs now underway or planned  including without limitation Dupixent® (dupilumab) for the treatment of adults and adolescents with eosinophilic esophagitis (“EoE”); uncertainty of the utilization  market acceptance  and commercial success of Regeneron’s Products and Regeneron’s Product Candidates and the impact of studies (whether conducted by Regeneron or others and whether mandated or voluntary)  including the studies discussed or referenced in this press release  on any of the foregoing; the likelihood  timing  and scope of possible regulatory approval and commercial launch of Regeneron’s Product Candidates and new indications for Regeneron’s Products  such as Dupixent for the treatment of pediatric EoE  hand and foot atopic dermatitis  chronic inducible urticaria-cold  chronic spontaneous urticaria  chronic pruritus of unknown origin  chronic obstructive pulmonary disease with evidence of type 2 inflammation  chronic rhinosinusitis without nasal polyposis  allergic fungal rhinosinusitis  bullous pemphigoid  and other potential indications; the ability of Regeneron’s collaborators  licensees  suppliers  or other third parties (as applicable) to perform manufacturing  filling  finishing  packaging  labeling  distribution  and other steps related to Regeneron’s Products and Regeneron’s Product Candidates; the ability of Regeneron to manage supply chains for multiple products and product candidates; safety issues resulting from the administration of Regeneron’s Products (such as Dupixent) and Regeneron’s Product Candidates in patients  including serious complications or side effects in connection with the use of Regeneron’s Products and Regeneron’s Product Candidates in clinical trials; determinations by regulatory and administrative governmental authorities which may delay or restrict Regeneron’s ability to continue to develop or commercialize Regeneron’s Products and Regeneron’s Product Candidates  including without limitation Dupixent; ongoing regulatory obligations and oversight impacting Regeneron’s Products  research and clinical programs  and business  including those relating to patient privacy; the availability and extent of reimbursement of Regeneron’s Products from third-party payers  including private payer healthcare and insurance programs  health maintenance organizations  pharmacy benefit management companies  and government programs such as Medicare and Medicaid; coverage and reimbursement determinations by such payers and new policies and procedures adopted by such payers; competing drugs and product candidates that may be superior to  or more cost effective than  Regeneron’s Products and Regeneron’s Product Candidates; the extent to which the results from the research and development programs conducted by Regeneron and/or its collaborators or licensees may be replicated in other studies and/or lead to advancement of product candidates to clinical trials  therapeutic applications  or regulatory approval; unanticipated expenses; the costs of developing  producing  and selling products; the ability of Regeneron to meet any of its financial projections or guidance and changes to the assumptions underlying those projections or guidance; the potential for any license  collaboration  or supply agreement  including Regeneron’s agreements with Sanofi and Bayer (or their respective affiliated companies  as applicable) to be cancelled or terminated; and risks associated with intellectual property of other parties and pending or future litigation relating thereto (including without limitation the patent litigation and other related proceedings relating to EYLEA® (aflibercept) Injection  Praluent® (alirocumab)  and REGEN-COV® (casirivimab and imdevimab))  other litigation and other proceedings and government investigations relating to the Company and/or its operations  the ultimate outcome of any such proceedings and investigations  and the impact any of the foregoing may have on Regeneron’s business  prospects  operating results  and financial condition. A more complete description of these and other material risks can be found in Regeneron’s filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission  including its Form 10-K for the year ended December 31  2021 and its Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended September 30  2022. Any forward-looking statements are made based on management’s current beliefs and judgment  and the reader is cautioned not to rely on any forward-looking statements made by Regeneron. Regeneron does not undertake any obligation to update (publicly or otherwise) any forward-looking statement  including without limitation any financial projection or guidance  whether as a result of new information  future events  or otherwise.Regeneron uses its media and investor relations website and social media outlets to publish important information about the Company  including information that may be deemed material to investors. Financial and other information about Regeneron is routinely posted and is accessible on Regeneron’s media and investor relations website (http://newsroom.regeneron.com) and its Twitter feed (http://twitter.com/regeneron).Attachment",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.01,mixed,0.17,0.11,0.72,True,English,"['Press Release', 'European Commission', 'eosinophilic esophagitis', 'Dupixent®', 'dupilumab', 'first', 'targeted', 'medicine', 'chronic, progressive inflammatory disease', 'severe uncontrolled eosinophilic esophagitis', 'conventional medicinal therapy', 'Chief Scientific Officer', '10 times higher rate', 'Dysphagia Symptom Questionnaire', 'abnormal endoscopic findings', 'Longer term efficacy', 'common side effects', 'injection site reactions', 'injection site bruising', 'histological disease remission', 'underlying type 2 inflammation', 'George D. Yancopoulos', 'frequent non-swallowing symptoms', 'The EC decision', 'additional adverse reaction', 'The European Commission', 'targeted treatment option', 'disease symptoms', 'debilitating disease', 'chronic diseases', 'Adverse events', 'additional diseases', 'M.D.', 'debilitating symptoms', 'esophageal inflammation', 'Ph.D', 'European Union', 'English French', 'targeted medicine', 'five diseases', 'N.Y.', 'marketing authorization', 'U.S.', 'Naimish Patel', 'Global Development', 'distressing experience', 'food impaction', 'health-related quality', 'pivotal trials', 'difficulty swallowing', 'five conditions', 'key role', '52-week data', 'three parts', 'Part A', 'Part C', 'Parts A', 'primary endpoint', 'significant improvements', 'overall population', 'topical corticosteroids', 'safety profile', 'oral herpes', 'latest approval', 'Phase 3 trial', 'Part B', 'meaningful improvement', '13.9-point improvement', 'Swallowing improvement', 'additional 28 weeks', 'swallowing ability', 'swallowing-related pain', 'safety results', 'four weeks', 'seven-fold reduction', 'daily life', 'Dupixent 300 mg', 'first approval', 'EoE trial', 'EoE patients', 'Dupixent patients', 'B.', '24 weeks', '52 weeks', '64% reduction', 'Dupixent®', 'dupilumab', 'years', 'placebo', '50,000 adults', 'adolescents', 'Paris', 'Tarrytown', '40 kg', 'candidates', 'esophagus', 'Head', 'Immunology', 'Sanofi', 'narrowing', 'scarring', 'something', 'painful', 'choking', 'damage', 'President', 'Regeneron', 'biologic', 'burden', 'potential', 'IL-4', 'DSQ', '23.8-point', 'greater', 'baseline', 'points', 'less', 'indications', 'conjunctivitis', 'arthralgia', 'eosinophilia', 'infections']",2023-01-30,2023-01-30,globenewswire.com
17429,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/INVENTIVA-34031212/news/Half-Year-Review-of-Inventiva-s-Liquidity-Contract-with-Kepler-Cheuvreux-42849852/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230130,Half-Year Review of Inventiva's Liquidity Contract with Kepler Cheuvreux,(marketscreener.com) Daix   Long Island City   January 30  2023 – Inventiva   a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company focused on the development of oral small molecule therapies for the treatment of patients with non-alcoholic steatohepatitis and other dis…,Daix (France)  Long Island City (New York  United States)  January 30  2023 – Inventiva (Euronext Paris and Nasdaq: IVA) (the “Company”)  a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company focused on the development of oral small molecule therapies for the treatment of patients with non-alcoholic steatohepatitis (NASH) and other diseases with significant unmet medical needs  today announced the half-year report of its liquidity contract with Kepler Cheuvreux.Under the liquidity contract granted to Kepler Cheuvreux by Inventiva  the following resources were available in the liquidity account as of December 31  2022:Cash: € 282 479.85Number of shares: 113 003Number of executions on buy side on semester: 541Number of executions on sell side on semester: 491Traded volume on buy side on semester: 116 853 shares for € 574 407.24Traded volume on sell side on semester: 103 989 shares for € 540 127.34At the last half-year report as of June 30  2022  the following resources were available in the liquidity account:Cash: € 316 759.75Number of shares: 100 139Number of executions on buy side on semester: 993Number of executions on sell side on semester: 636Traded volume on buy side on semester: 152 845 shares for € 1 470 441.72Traded volume on sell side on semester: 98 168 shares for € 1 025 659.18When the contract was initially implemented  the following resources were included in the liquidity account:Cash: € 163 510.42Number of shares: 34 063Buy Side Sell Side Number ofexecutions Number ofshares Traded volume in EUR Number ofexecutions Number ofshares Traded volume in EUR Total 1534 269698 2 044 848 96 1127 202157 1 565 786 52 03/01/2022 8 1000 11 800 00 12 2471 29 553 16 04/01/2022 33 4501 53 336 85 11 2000 24 160 00 05/01/2022 20 1950 22 542 00 2 500 5 850 00 06/01/2022 3 49 563 50 - - - 07/01/2022 38 3187 36 013 10 - - - 10/01/2022 30 3999 43 709 07 - - - 11/01/2022 7 1000 10 680 00 13 2060 22 309 80 12/01/2022 12 2000 22 160 00 9 3440 38 872 00 13/01/2022 9 500 5 480 00 - - - 14/01/2022 5 1500 16 380 00 21 1614 17 931 54 17/01/2022 2 1000 10 980 00 7 639 7 099 29 19/01/2022 3 222 2 442 00 - - - 20/01/2022 1 1 11 20 19 3008 33 689 60 21/01/2022 8 1234 13 771 44 6 203 2 285 78 24/01/2022 30 5265 57 072 60 - - - 25/01/2022 1 1 10 54 - - - 26/01/2022 - - - 8 1500 16 125 00 27/01/2022 3 1000 10 680 00 5 500 5 400 00 28/01/2022 8 1319 14 179 25 17 2537 27 627 93 31/01/2022 15 1932 20 614 44 9 2000 21 560 00 01/02/2022 - - - 31 5500 61 105 00 02/02/2022 - - - 8 1000 11 800 00 03/02/2022 10 2000 22 720 00 11 827 9 436 07 04/02/2022 4 501 5 691 36 24 1565 17 966 20 07/02/2022 3 500 5 750 00 9 2000 23 340 00 08/02/2022 3 501 5 811 60 17 3000 35 580 00 09/02/2022 7 1501 17 666 77 16 1500 17 880 00 10/02/2022 - - - 1 50 598 00 11/02/2022 8 542 6 449 80 4 950 11 381 00 14/02/2022 27 4852 56 380 24 - - - 15/02/2022 4 500 5 530 00 - - - 16/02/2022 4 500 5 550 00 3 501 5 641 26 17/02/2022 25 2501 27 511 00 1 422 4 709 52 18/02/2022 4 1000 10 860 00 12 2185 23 947 60 21/02/2022 31 3546 38 119 50 - - - 22/02/2022 23 3648 37 428 48 5 755 7 776 50 23/02/2022 - - - 40 4245 44 827 20 24/02/2022 31 5306 53 272 24 2 155 1 612 00 Buy Side Sell Side Number ofexecutions Number ofshares Traded volume in EUR Number ofexecutions Number ofshares Traded volume in EUR Total 1534 269698 2 044 848 96 1127 202157 1 565 786 52 25/02/2022 - - - 36 4345 45 622 50 28/02/2022 4 500 5 250 00 7 3500 38 360 00 01/03/2022 6 1749 19 169 04 10 2109 23 768 43 02/03/2022 16 2548 27 696 76 - - - 03/03/2022 11 1842 19 506 78 - - - 04/03/2022 16 2058 21 403 20 - - - 07/03/2022 27 5430 52 671 00 10 2500 24 750 00 08/03/2022 5 1501 14 964 97 8 2501 25 760 30 09/03/2022 6 1000 9 950 00 2 548 5 540 28 10/03/2022 - - - 3 500 5 050 00 11/03/2022 6 1000 9 950 00 - - - 14/03/2022 4 1500 15 060 00 6 500 5 050 00 15/03/2022 17 2500 24 575 00 1 23 227 70 16/03/2022 6 500 5 000 00 11 1977 19 849 08 17/03/2022 8 1000 10 100 00 7 1452 14 955 60 18/03/2022 4 500 5 050 00 1 94 958 80 21/03/2022 4 1000 10 000 00 2 407 4 192 10 22/03/2022 5 251 2 530 08 14 1999 20 409 79 23/03/2022 3 500 5 150 00 2 500 5 200 00 24/03/2022 6 500 5 100 00 - - - 25/03/2022 12 926 9 454 46 2 260 2 678 00 28/03/2022 4 500 5 095 00 4 548 5 638 92 29/03/2022 2 501 5 110 20 14 2457 25 307 10 30/03/2022 3 311 3 234 40 3 495 5 148 00 31/03/2022 11 542 5 631 38 - - - 01/04/2022 8 1234 12 685 52 - - - 04/04/2022 5 598 6 099 60 6 1000 10 320 00 05/04/2022 1 228 2 325 60 2 500 5 150 00 06/04/2022 1 137 1 397 40 1 6 61 80 07/04/2022 3 500 5 100 00 3 170 1 751 00 08/04/2022 5 473 4 777 30 2 2 20 40 11/04/2022 1 485 4 898 50 8 998 10 179 60 12/04/2022 10 1000 10 150 00 3 867 8 886 75 13/04/2022 17 1599 15 910 05 - - - 14/04/2022 17 1500 14 655 00 1 100 990 00 19/04/2022 - - - 2 500 4 900 00 20/04/2022 1 1 9 70 20 1500 14 850 00 21/04/2022 2 6 59 28 6 500 5 000 00 Buy Side Sell Side Number ofexecutions Number ofshares Traded volume in EUR Number ofexecutions Number ofshares Traded volume in EUR Total 1534 269698 2 044 848 96 1127 202157 1 565 786 52 22/04/2022 5 495 4 900 50 - - - 25/04/2022 20 1782 17 231 94 1 7 69 30 26/04/2022 11 2401 22 425 34 - - - 27/04/2022 6 2005 17 984 85 - - - 28/04/2022 1 20 180 00 8 1250 11 400 00 29/04/2022 - - - 7 2000 18 500 00 02/05/2022 4 500 4 600 00 11 550 5 120 50 03/05/2022 3 150 1 392 00 - - - 05/05/2022 2 102 938 40 1 450 4 230 00 06/05/2022 6 898 8 315 48 - - - 09/05/2022 14 1980 17 919 00 - - - 11/05/2022 10 2544 22 387 20 9 1316 11 962 44 12/05/2022 10 1207 10 452 62 - - - 13/05/2022 6 678 5 810 46 2 802 7 009 48 16/05/2022 8 1291 10 973 50 - - - 17/05/2022 4 1012 8 551 40 7 1500 12 900 00 18/05/2022 - - - 9 1131 10 031 97 19/05/2022 - - - 5 619 5 614 33 20/05/2022 2 251 2 233 90 3 500 4 500 00 23/05/2022 3 1499 13 341 10 4 250 2 262 50 24/05/2022 4 275 2 420 00 1 500 4 450 00 25/05/2022 - - - 2 400 3 560 00 26/05/2022 1 500 4 450 00 3 500 4 500 00 27/05/2022 16 2488 21 645 60 - - - 30/05/2022 3 1000 8 550 00 1 1 8 80 31/05/2022 7 750 6 435 00 3 849 7 386 30 01/06/2022 - - - 4 500 4 300 00 02/06/2022 9 500 4 300 00 2 152 1 322 40 03/06/2022 15 1200 10 224 00 2 149 1 296 30 06/06/2022 3 600 5 100 00 1 1 8 60 07/06/2022 1 1 8 51 3 189 1 625 40 08/06/2022 4 150 1 282 50 4 411 3 538 71 09/06/2022 3 655 5 619 90 - - - 10/06/2022 8 845 7 233 20 3 500 4 350 00 13/06/2022 21 2488 20 501 12 - - - 14/06/2022 21 4100 32 267 00 - - - 15/06/2022 5 1500 11 220 00 - - - 16/06/2022 10 3000 21 540 00 - - - Buy Side Sell Side Number ofexecutions Number ofshares Traded volume in EUR Number ofexecutions Number ofshares Traded volume in EUR Total 1534 269698 2 044 848 96 1127 202157 1 565 786 52 17/06/2022 3 1000 7 000 00 1 500 3 600 00 20/06/2022 7 1000 7 000 00 3 971 6 942 65 21/06/2022 1 500 3 550 00 3 180 1 299 60 22/06/2022 16 4500 30 375 00 1 500 3 500 00 23/06/2022 8 1000 6 650 00 - - - 24/06/2022 - - - 5 500 3 350 00 27/06/2022 10 2000 12 960 00 4 500 3 400 00 28/06/2022 7 2500 15 325 00 1 1 6 50 29/06/2022 18 6000 34 260 00 1 500 2 950 00 30/06/2022 - - - 1 4 22 80 01/07/2022 5 500 2 800 00 1 1 5 70 04/07/2022 - - - 10 3495 21 389 40 05/07/2022 - - - 6 622 3 806 64 06/07/2022 3 1000 5 950 00 1 1 6 25 07/07/2022 7 2500 14 400 00 1 1 6 00 08/07/2022 - - - 3 602 3 503 64 11/07/2022 10 1486 8 470 20 2 398 2 348 20 13/07/2022 3 514 2 878 40 - - - 14/07/2022 3 500 2 750 00 2 171 974 70 15/07/2022 3 501 2 705 40 1 1 5 44 18/07/2022 1 1 5 43 1 1 5 43 19/07/2022 7 1501 7 805 20 1 1 5 33 20/07/2022 1 500 2 500 00 4 500 2 600 00 21/07/2022 1 500 2 450 00 2 149 759 90 22/07/2022 1 1 4 92 3 352 1 795 20 26/07/2022 3 501 2 454 90 1 1 4 96 27/07/2022 1 1 4 91 1 1 4 91 28/07/2022 1 500 2 450 00 - - - 29/07/2022 3 1500 7 095 00 1 8 38 40 01/08/2022 1 500 2 350 00 6 492 2 361 60 02/08/2022 - - - 1 1 4 80 03/08/2022 1 135 621 00 - - - 04/08/2022 2 365 1 679 00 - - - 05/08/2022 3 501 2 304 60 2 44 206 80 08/08/2022 - - - 7 1456 6 988 80 09/08/2022 2 1000 4 680 00 3 1000 4 850 00 10/08/2022 - - - 5 750 3 615 00 11/08/2022 - - - 6 2500 12 600 00 Buy Side Sell Side Number ofexecutions Number ofshares Traded volume in EUR Number ofexecutions Number ofshares Traded volume in EUR Total 1534 269698 2 044 848 96 1127 202157 1 565 786 52 12/08/2022 - - - 5 2000 10 540 00 15/08/2022 1 500 2 600 00 2 500 2 700 00 16/08/2022 5 600 3 114 00 - - - 17/08/2022 7 1600 7 984 00 - - - 18/08/2022 1 1 4 96 1 1 4 96 19/08/2022 3 1000 4 850 00 2 500 2 520 00 22/08/2022 3 500 2 450 00 - - - 23/08/2022 4 501 2 404 80 2 2 9 80 24/08/2022 3 1001 4 754 75 5 499 2 445 10 25/08/2022 5 500 2 350 00 1 500 2 400 00 26/08/2022 3 501 2 354 70 1 346 1 660 80 29/08/2022 1 499 2 295 40 - - - 30/08/2022 - - - 7 1654 8 038 44 01/09/2022 3 1500 6 750 00 2 24 112 80 05/09/2022 1 500 2 190 00 - - - 06/09/2022 - - - 7 500 2 200 00 07/09/2022 9 1600 6 720 00 1 1 4 44 08/09/2022 1 1 4 16 2 131 556 75 09/09/2022 - - - 5 610 2 616 90 12/09/2022 3 500 2 100 00 2 10 43 00 13/09/2022 1 258 1 057 80 1 1 4 30 14/09/2022 3 501 2 004 00 1 1 4 11 15/09/2022 3 751 3 056 57 3 1000 4 100 00 16/09/2022 4 500 2 050 00 4 751 3 154 20 19/09/2022 3 749 3 010 98 2 500 2 150 00 21/09/2022 6 1000 4 030 00 - - - 22/09/2022 3 500 2 300 00 18 5474 25 837 28 23/09/2022 12 3550 15 407 00 - - - 26/09/2022 2 500 2 000 00 1 500 2 050 00 27/09/2022 2 750 3 000 00 3 250 1 012 50 28/09/2022 5 1250 4 925 00 - - - 29/09/2022 3 1500 5 700 00 1 2 8 00 30/09/2022 6 1500 5 475 00 - - - 03/10/2022 - - - 3 350 1 316 00 04/10/2022 - - - 7 1000 3 880 00 05/10/2022 4 1467 5 589 27 3 948 3 754 08 06/10/2022 - - - 25 6500 27 365 00 07/10/2022 1 500 2 300 00 23 4566 21 505 86 Buy Side Sell Side Number ofexecutions Number ofshares Traded volume in EUR Number ofexecutions Number ofshares Traded volume in EUR Total 1534 269698 2 044 848 96 1127 202157 1 565 786 52 10/10/2022 5 1000 6 350 00 34 10761 69 731 28 11/10/2022 32 6500 39 975 00 18 4100 28 946 00 12/10/2022 14 3000 17 250 00 4 1320 7 774 80 13/10/2022 10 3000 16 140 00 - - - 14/10/2022 2 500 2 800 00 18 4500 25 785 00 17/10/2022 - - - 26 5997 38 500 74 18/10/2022 12 3000 18 750 00 5 701 4 836 90 19/10/2022 15 2500 15 100 00 - - - 20/10/2022 3 501 3 056 10 6 2500 15 500 00 21/10/2022 14 1499 8 994 00 - - - 24/10/2022 4 1500 9 000 00 5 530 3 264 80 25/10/2022 10 2100 12 096 00 7 770 4 604 60 26/10/2022 - - - 16 2000 11 700 00 27/10/2022 7 1000 6 050 00 4 1500 9 180 00 28/10/2022 12 3001 17 765 92 3 501 3 056 10 31/10/2022 51 13500 68 580 00 - - - 01/11/2022 2 500 2 325 00 2 500 2 400 00 03/11/2022 8 3650 16 498 00 - - - 04/11/2022 6 1000 4 500 00 1 500 2 300 00 07/11/2022 9 1800 7 884 00 - - - 08/11/2022 7 1500 6 390 00 2 750 3 240 00 09/11/2022 4 1000 4 330 00 - - - 10/11/2022 13 1700 7 021 00 3 1000 4 180 00 11/11/2022 - - - 5 990 4 257 00 14/11/2022 - - - 9 2110 9 537 20 15/11/2022 15 2851 12 401 85 1 1 4 49 16/11/2022 7 1000 4 250 00 1 250 1 070 00 17/11/2022 4 500 2 150 00 4 1250 5 437 50 18/11/2022 8 1351 5 741 75 3 401 1 724 30 21/11/2022 5 1000 4 150 00 - - - 22/11/2022 10 1750 7 017 50 1 500 2 100 00 23/11/2022 3 1500 5 955 00 4 750 3 015 00 24/11/2022 - - - 1 500 2 000 00 25/11/2022 4 1000 4 000 00 3 750 3 015 00 28/11/2022 2 500 2 000 00 8 1000 4 080 00 29/11/2022 3 750 3 240 00 17 3750 16 425 00 30/11/2022 3 1000 4 250 00 - - - 17/11/2022 4 500 2 150 00 4 1250 5 437 50 Buy Side Sell Side Number ofexecutions Number ofshares Traded volume in EUR Number ofexecutions Number ofshares Traded volume in EUR Total 1534 269698 2 044 848 96 1127 202157 1 565 786 52 18/11/2022 8 1351 5 741 75 3 401 1 724 30 21/11/2022 5 1000 4 150 00 - - - 22/11/2022 10 1750 7 017 50 1 500 2 100 00 23/11/2022 3 1500 5 955 00 4 750 3 015 00 24/11/2022 - - - 1 500 2 000 00 25/11/2022 4 1000 4 000 00 3 750 3 015 00 28/11/2022 2 500 2 000 00 8 1000 4 080 00 29/11/2022 3 750 3 240 00 17 3750 16 425 00 30/11/2022 3 1000 4 250 00 - - - 05/12/2022 - - - 3 598 2 583 36 06/12/2022 4 701 3 007 29 6 701 3 021 31 07/12/2022 12 1750 7 367 50 - - - 08/12/2022 4 751 3 094 12 1 1 4 18 09/12/2022 1 1 4 09 2 40 166 00 12/12/2022 6 850 3 468 00 1 1 4 15 13/12/2022 1 1 4 07 6 1211 5 025 65 14/12/2022 - - - 3 258 1 083 60 15/12/2022 11 1001 4 104 10 1 1 4 18 16/12/2022 3 251 1 016 55 2 201 818 07 19/12/2022 4 255 1 032 75 15 3944 16 880 32 20/12/2022 8 750 3 232 50 1 180 783 00 21/12/2022 2 500 2 150 00 3 250 1 080 00 22/12/2022 2 1000 4 280 00 10 1250 5 462 50 23/12/2022 1 1 4 40 7 1501 6 679 45 28/12/2022 3 501 2 204 40 1 1 4 44 29/12/2022 - - - 7 2000 8 980 00 30/12/2022 2 500 2 235 00 - - -About InventivaInventiva is a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company focused on the research and development of oral small molecule therapies for the treatment of patients with NASH  mucopolysaccharidoses (MPS) and other diseases with significant unmet medical needs. The Company benefits from a strong expertise and experience in the domain of compounds targeting nuclear receptors  transcription factors and epigenetic modulation. Inventiva is currently advancing one clinical candidate  has a pipeline of two preclinical programs and continues to explore other development opportunities to add to its pipeline.Inventiva’s lead product candidate  lanifibranor  is currently in a pivotal Phase III clinical trial  NATiV3  for the treatment of adult patients with NASH  a common and progressive chronic liver disease for which there are currently no approved therapies. In 2020  Inventiva reported positive results from its Phase IIb clinical trial evaluating lanifibranor for the treatment of patients with NASH and received Breakthrough Therapy and Fast Track status from the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (“FDA”) for lanifibranor in the treatment of NASH.Inventiva’s pipeline also includes odiparcil  a drug candidate for the treatment of adult MPS VI patients. As part of Inventiva’s decision to focus clinical efforts on the development of lanifibranor  it suspended its clinical efforts relating to odiparcil and is reviewing available options with respect to its potential further development. Inventiva is in the process of selecting an oncology development candidate for its Hippo signaling pathway program.The Company has a scientific team of approximately 80 people with deep expertise in the fields of biology  medicinal and computational chemistry  pharmacokinetics and pharmacology  and clinical development. It owns an extensive library of approximately 240 000 pharmacologically relevant molecules  approximately 60% of which are proprietary  as well as a wholly-owned research and development facility.Inventiva is a public company listed on compartment C of the regulated market of Euronext Paris (ticker: IVA - ISIN: FR0013233012) and on the Nasdaq Global Market in the United States (ticker: IVA). www.inventivapharma.com.ContactsInventivaPascaline ClercVP of Global External Affairsmedia@inventivapharma.com+1 240 620 9175 Brunswick GroupTristan Roquet Montegon /Aude Lepreux /Matthieu BenoistMedia relationsinventiva@brunswickgroup.com+33 1 53 96 83 83 Westwicke  an ICR CompanyPatricia L. BankInvestor relationspatti.bank@westwicke.com+1 415 513-1284Important NoticeThis press release contains “forward-looking statements” within the meaning of the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. All statements  other than statements of historical facts  included in this press release are forward-looking statements. These statements include  but are not limited to  expectations with respect to the pivotal Phase III clinical trial evaluating lanifibranor in patients with NASH  including recruitment of patients for that trial  the Company’s ability to satisfy conditions precedent to draw down on the second tranche under the EIB facility  potential future financings or strategic transactions  milestone payments and royalties  the Company’s ability to exercise its rights under the EIB facility  including its call right and right of first refusal  expectations with respect to EIB’s rights under the EIB facility and EIB’s potential exercise of warrants  the expected use of proceeds from the EIB facility  and the sufficiency of Inventiva’s cash resources and cash runway. Certain of these statements  forecasts and estimates can be recognized by the use of words such as  without limitation  “believes”  “anticipates”  “expects”  “intends”  “plans”  “seeks”  “estimates”  “may”  “will”  “would”  “could”  “might”  “should”  and “continue” and similar expressions. Such statements are not historical facts but rather are statements of future expectations and other forward-looking statements that are based on management's beliefs. These statements reflect such views and assumptions prevailing as of the date of the statements and involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties that could cause future results  performance or future events to differ materially from those expressed or implied in such statements. Future events are difficult to predict and may depend upon factors that are beyond Inventiva's control. There can be no guarantees with respect to pipeline product candidates that the clinical trial results will be available on their anticipated timeline  that future clinical trials will be initiated as anticipated  that product candidates will receive the necessary regulatory approvals. Actual results may turn out to be materially different from the anticipated future results  performance or achievements expressed or implied by such statements  forecasts and estimates  due to a number of factors  including that Inventiva is a clinical-stage company with no approved products and no historical product revenues  Inventiva has incurred significant losses since inception  Inventiva has a limited operating history and has never generated any revenue from product sales  Inventiva will require additional capital to finance its operations  Inventiva's future success is dependent on the successful clinical development  regulatory approval and subsequent commercialization of current and any future product candidates  preclinical studies or earlier clinical trials are not necessarily predictive of future results and the results of Inventiva's clinical trials may not support Inventiva's product candidate claims  Inventiva may encounter substantial delays in its clinical trials or Inventiva may fail to demonstrate safety and efficacy to the satisfaction of applicable regulatory authorities  enrolment and retention of patients in clinical trials is an expensive and time-consuming process and could be made more difficult or rendered impossible by multiple factors outside Inventiva's control  Inventiva's product candidates may cause adverse drug reactions or have other properties that could delay or prevent their regulatory approval  or limit their commercial potential  Inventiva faces substantial competition and Inventiva’s business  and preclinical studies and clinical development programs and timelines  its financial condition and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected by the current COVID-19 pandemic and geopolitical events  such as the conflict between Russia and Ukraine  related sanctions and related impacts and potential impacts on the initiation  enrolment and completion of Inventiva’s clinical trials on anticipated timelines and macroeconomic conditions  including global inflation and uncertain financial markets or at all. Given these risks and uncertainties  no representations are made as to the accuracy or fairness of such forward-looking statements  forecasts and estimates. Furthermore  forward-looking statements  forecasts and estimates only speak as of the date of this press release. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on any of these forward-looking statements.Please refer to the Universal Registration Document for the year ended December 31  2021 filed with the Autorité des Marchés Financiers on March 11  2022  the Annual Report on Form 20-F for the year ended December 31  2021 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 11  2022 and the financial report for the first half of 2022 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on September 22  2022 for additional information in relation to such factors  risks and uncertainties.All information in this press release is as of the date of the release. Except as required by law  Inventiva has no intention and is under no obligation to update or review the forward-looking statements referred to above.Attachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,True,English,"['Half-Year Review', 'Liquidity Contract', 'Kepler Cheuvreux', 'Inventiva', 'oral small molecule therapies', 'significant unmet medical needs', 'Side Sell Side Number', 'Long Island City', 'clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company', 'last half-year report', 'buy side', 'New York', 'United States', 'Euronext Paris', 'non-alcoholic steatohepatitis', 'other diseases', 'Kepler Cheuvreux', 'following resources', 'liquidity account', 'liquidity contract', 'EUR Number', 'Daix', 'France', 'Inventiva', 'Nasdaq', 'development', 'treatment', 'patients', 'NASH', 'December', 'Cash', 'shares', 'executions', 'volume', 'June', '04/03', '01/04', '04/04', '500', '07']",2023-01-30,2023-01-30,marketscreener.com
17430,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/REGENERON-PHARMACEUTICALS-10649/news/Dupixent-dupilumab-Approved-by-European-Commission-as-the-First-and-Only-Targeted-Medicine-Indica-42843050/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230130,Dupixent® (dupilumab) Approved by European Commission as the First and Only Targeted Medicine Indicated for Eosinophilic Esophagitis,(marketscreener.com) Approximately 60% of patients aged 12 years and older treated with Dupixent 300 mg weekly in the pivotal trial experienced histological disease remission; patients also significantly improved their ability to swallow compared to placebo D…,"Approximately 60% of patients aged 12 years and older treated with Dupixent 300 mg weekly in the pivotal trial experienced histological disease remission; patients also significantly improved their ability to swallow compared to placeboDupixent is now an option for the approximately 50 000 adults and adolescents living with severe uncontrolled eosinophilic esophagitis in the European Union (EU)Dupixent now approved to treat five diseases with underlying type 2 inflammation in the EUTARRYTOWN  N.Y. and PARIS  Jan. 30  2023 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Regeneron Pharmaceuticals  Inc. (NASDAQ: REGN) and Sanofi today announced that the European Commission (EC) expanded the marketing authorization for Dupixent® (dupilumab) in the European Union (EU) to treat eosinophilic esophagitis (EoE) in adults and adolescents 12 years and older  weighing at least 40 kg  who are inadequately controlled by  are intolerant to  or who are not candidates for conventional medicinal therapy. EoE is a chronic  progressive inflammatory disease that damages the esophagus and prevents it from working properly. With this approval  Dupixent is the first and only targeted medicine specifically indicated to treat EoE in Europe and the U.S.“This latest approval establishes Dupixent as the only targeted medicine specifically indicated for eosinophilic esophagitis in the European Union. Dupixent is also the only biologic shown in pivotal trials to help patients achieve histological remission  reduce difficulty swallowing and improve health-related quality of life – all of which are crucial to reducing the burden of this debilitating disease ” said George D. Yancopoulos  M.D.  Ph.D.  President and Chief Scientific Officer at Regeneron  and a principal inventor of Dupixent. “Since its first approval  Dupixent has redefined the treatment of certain chronic diseases with underlying type 2 inflammation and is now indicated for five conditions in the European Union. We remain committed to investigating Dupixent’s potential in additional diseases in which IL-4 and IL-13 may play a key role.”“The impact of EoE on a patient’s daily life cannot be overstated – the narrowing and scarring of the esophagus can make something as simple as eating a painful and distressing experience  and may lead to choking and food impaction ” said Naimish Patel  M.D.  Head of Global Development  Immunology and Inflammation at Sanofi. “With this latest approval for Dupixent  adults and adolescents in the EU suffering from the chronic and often debilitating symptoms of EoE now have the first and only targeted treatment option clinically proven to reduce both esophageal inflammation and damage  as well as improve swallowing ability  pain and health-related quality of life.”The EC decision is supported by 52-week data from a Phase 3 trial consisting of three parts (Part A  B and C). Part A and Part B investigated Dupixent 300 mg weekly (Part A n=42; Part B n=80) compared to placebo (Part A n=39; Part B n=79) for 24 weeks. Part C (n=188) observed patients who had continued on or switched to Dupixent from Parts A and B for an additional 28 weeks.Dupixent patients in Parts A and B  respectively  experienced:An approximately 10 times higher rate of histological disease remission (60% and 59%)  a co-primary endpoint  compared to placebo (5% and 6%).A 69% and 64% reduction in disease symptoms compared to 32% and 41% with placebo. Disease symptoms were measured using the Dysphagia Symptom Questionnaire (DSQ)  on which Dupixent patients experienced a 21.9- and 23.8-point clinically meaningful improvement compared to a 9.6- and 13.9-point improvement for placebo  a co-primary endpoint. Swallowing improvement was observed as early as four weeks.A greater than seven-fold reduction in abnormal endoscopic findings from baseline (-3.2 and -4.5 points) compared to placebo (-0.3 and -0.6 points).Nominally significant improvements in swallowing-related pain and health-related quality of life  as well as less frequent non-swallowing symptoms.Histological disease remission  swallowing improvement and reduction in abnormal endoscopic findings were consistent with the overall population in patients who were uncontrolled  or not responsive to or not eligible for swallowed topical corticosteroids. Longer term efficacy in Part C was similar to results observed in Parts A and B.The safety results of the trial were generally consistent with the known safety profile of Dupixent in its approved indications. The most common side effects across indications were injection site reactions  conjunctivitis  conjunctivitis allergic  arthralgia  oral herpes and eosinophilia. Adverse events more commonly observed in EoE patients treated with Dupixent (n=122) compared to placebo (n=117) included infections (32% vs. 25%). An additional adverse reaction of injection site bruising was reported in the EoE trial. The safety profile through 52 weeks was generally consistent with the safety profile observed at 24 weeks.About Eosinophilic EsophagitisEoE is a chronic  progressive inflammatory disease that damages the esophagus and prevents it from working properly. The results seen with Dupixent in adults and adolescents with EoE demonstrate that interleukin-4 (IL-4) and interleukin-13 (IL-13) are key and central drivers of the type 2 inflammation underlying this disease. For people with EoE  swallowing even small amounts of food can be a painful and worrisome choking experience. They are often left to contend with the frustration and anxiety of a constantly evolving list of foods to avoid  a poor quality of life and a higher risk of depression. In cases where EoE causes the esophagus to narrow  forced and potentially painful dilation (physical expansion) of the esophagus may be needed. In severe cases  a feeding tube may be the only option to ensure proper caloric intake and adequate nutrition. In the EU  about 50 000 adults and adolescents live with severe uncontrolled EoE.About the Dupixent Eosinophilic Esophagitis TrialThe three-part Phase 3 randomized  double-blind  placebo-controlled trial evaluated the efficacy and safety of Dupixent in patients aged 12 years and older with EoE. All patients had previously not responded to proton pump inhibitors  and  across Parts A and B  74% of patients were previously treated with swallowed topical corticosteroids.At 24 weeks  the co-primary endpoints in Parts A and B assessed patient-reported measures of difficulty swallowing (change from baseline in the DSQ on a 0-84 scale) and esophageal inflammation (proportion of patients achieving histological disease remission  defined as peak esophageal intraepithelial eosinophil count of ≤6 eos/hpf).Additional endpoints included abnormal endoscopic findings (EoE Endoscopic Reference Score [EoE-EREFS] on a 0-18 scale)  swallowing-related pain (DSQ pain score)  health-related quality of life (EoE Impact Questionnaire [EoE-IQ]) and frequency of other non-dysphagia symptoms (EoE Symptom Questionnaire [EoE-SQ]).About DupixentDupixent is an injection administered under the skin (subcutaneous injection) at different injection sites. In the EU for adolescents and adults with EoE  Dupixent is administered at 300 mg every week. It is available as both a pre-filled pen and pre-filled syringe at the 300 mg dose. Dupixent is intended for use under the guidance of a healthcare professional and can be given in a clinic or at home by self-administration after training by a healthcare professional.Dupixent  which was invented using Regeneron's proprietary VelocImmune® technology  is a fully human monoclonal antibody that inhibits the signaling of the interleukin-4 (IL-4) and interleukin-13 (IL-13) pathways and is not an immunosuppressant. The Dupixent development program has shown significant clinical benefit and a decrease in type 2 inflammation in Phase 3 trials  establishing that IL-4 and IL-13 are key and central drivers of the type 2 inflammation that plays a major role in multiple related and often co-morbid diseases. These diseases include approved indications for Dupixent  such as atopic dermatitis  asthma  chronic rhinosinusitis with nasal polyposis (CRSwNP)  prurigo nodularis and EoE.Dupixent has received regulatory approvals in one or more countries around the world for use in certain patients with atopic dermatitis  asthma  CRSwNP  EoE or prurigo nodularis in different age populations. Dupixent is currently approved for one or more of these indications in more than 60 countries  including in Europe  the U.S. and Japan. More than 500 000 patients have been treated with Dupixent globally.About Regeneron's VelocImmune TechnologyRegeneron's VelocImmune technology utilizes a proprietary genetically engineered mouse platform endowed with a genetically humanized immune system to produce optimized fully human antibodies. When Regeneron's co-Founder  President and Chief Scientific Officer George D. Yancopoulos was a graduate student with his mentor Frederick W. Alt in 1985  they were the first to envision making such a genetically humanized mouse  and Regeneron has spent decades inventing and developing VelocImmune and related VelociSuite® technologies. Dr. Yancopoulos and his team have used VelocImmune technology to create a substantial proportion of all original  FDA-approved or authorized fully human monoclonal antibodies. This includes REGEN-COV® (casirivimab and imdevimab)  Dupixent  Libtayo® (cemiplimab-rwlc)  Praluent® (alirocumab)  Kevzara® (sarilumab)  Evkeeza® (evinacumab-dgnb) and Inmazeb® (atoltivimab  maftivimab and odesivimab-ebgn).Dupilumab Development ProgramDupilumab is being jointly developed by Regeneron and Sanofi under a global collaboration agreement. To date  dupilumab has been studied across more than 60 clinical trials involving more than 10 000 patients with various chronic diseases driven in part by type 2 inflammation.In addition to the currently approved indications  Regeneron and Sanofi are studying dupilumab in a broad range of diseases driven by type 2 inflammation or other allergic processes in Phase 3 trials  including pediatric EoE  hand and foot atopic dermatitis  chronic inducible urticaria-cold  chronic spontaneous urticaria  chronic pruritus of unknown origin  chronic obstructive pulmonary disease with evidence of type 2 inflammation  chronic rhinosinusitis without nasal polyposis  allergic fungal rhinosinusitis  allergic bronchopulmonary aspergillosis  and bullous pemphigoid. These potential uses of dupilumab are currently under clinical investigation  and the safety and efficacy in these conditions have not been fully evaluated by any regulatory authority.U.S. INDICATIONSDUPIXENT is a prescription medicine used:to treat adults and children 6 months of age and older with moderate-to-severe eczema (atopic dermatitis or AD) that is not well controlled with prescription therapies used on the skin (topical)  or who cannot use topical therapies. DUPIXENT can be used with or without topical corticosteroids. It is not known if DUPIXENT is safe and effective in children with atopic dermatitis under 6 months of age.with other asthma medicines for the maintenance treatment of moderate-to-severe eosinophilic or oral steroid dependent asthma in adults and children 6 years of age and older whose asthma is not controlled with their current asthma medicines. DUPIXENT helps prevent severe asthma attacks (exacerbations) and can improve your breathing. DUPIXENT may also help reduce the amount of oral corticosteroids you need while preventing severe asthma attacks and improving your breathing. DUPIXENT is not used to treat sudden breathing problems. It is not known if DUPIXENT is safe and effective in children with asthma under 6 years of age.with other medicines for the maintenance treatment of chronic rhinosinusitis with nasal polyposis (CRSwNP) in adults whose disease is not controlled. It is not known if DUPIXENT is safe and effective in children with chronic rhinosinusitis with nasal polyposis under 18 years of age.to treat adults and children 12 years of age and older  who weigh at least 88 pounds (40 kg)  with eosinophilic esophagitis (EoE). It is not known if DUPIXENT is safe and effective in children with eosinophilic esophagitis under 12 years of age and who weigh at least 88 pounds (40 kg).to treat adults with prurigo nodularis (PN). It is not known if DUPIXENT is safe and effective in children with prurigo nodularis under 18 years of age.IMPORTANT SAFETY INFORMATIONDo not use if you are allergic to dupilumab or to any of the ingredients in DUPIXENT®.Before using DUPIXENT  tell your healthcare provider about all your medical conditions  including if you:have eye problems.have a parasitic (helminth) infection.are scheduled to receive any vaccinations. You should not receive a “live vaccine” right before and during treatment with DUPIXENT.are pregnant or plan to become pregnant. It is not known whether DUPIXENT will harm your unborn baby. A pregnancy registry for women who take DUPIXENT during pregnancy collects information about the health of you and your baby. To enroll or get more information call 1-877-311-8972 or go to https://mothertobaby.org/ongoing-study/dupixent/.are breastfeeding or plan to breastfeed. It is not known whether DUPIXENT passes into your breast milk.Tell your healthcare provider about all the medicines you take  including prescription and over-the- counter medicines  vitamins  and herbal supplements.Especially tell your healthcare provider if you are taking oral  topical  or inhaled corticosteroid medicines; have asthma and use an asthma medicine; or have atopic dermatitis  chronic rhinosinusitis with nasal polyposis  eosinophilic esophagitis  or prurigo nodularis and also have asthma. Do not change or stop your corticosteroid medicine or other asthma medicine without talking to your healthcare provider. This may cause other symptoms that were controlled by the corticosteroid medicine or other asthma medicine to come back.DUPIXENT can cause serious side effects  including:All e r g i c r ea c t i on s. DUPIXENT can cause allergic reactions that can sometimes be severe. Stop using DUPIXENT and tell your healthcare provider or get emergency help right away if you get any of the following signs or symptoms: breathing problems or wheezing  swelling of the face  lips  mouth  tongue or throat  fainting  dizziness  feeling lightheaded  fast pulse  fever  hives  joint pain  general ill feeling  itching  skin rash  swollen lymph nodes  nausea or vomiting  or cramps in your stomach-area.Stop using DUPIXENT and tell your healthcare provider or get emergency help right away if you get any of the following signs or symptoms: breathing problems or wheezing  swelling of the face  lips  mouth  tongue or throat  fainting  dizziness  feeling lightheaded  fast pulse  fever  hives  joint pain  general ill feeling  itching  skin rash  swollen lymph nodes  nausea or vomiting  or cramps in your stomach-area. E y e pr ob l e m s. Tell your healthcare provider if you have any new or worsening eye problems  including eye pain or changes in vision  such as blurred vision. Your healthcare provider may send you to an ophthalmologist for an exam if needed.Tell your healthcare provider if you have any new or worsening eye problems  including eye pain or changes in vision  such as blurred vision. Your healthcare provider may send you to an ophthalmologist for an exam if needed. I n fl a mm a t i o n o f y ou r b l oo d v e ss e l s. Rarely  this can happen in people with asthma who receive DUPIXENT. This may happen in people who also take a steroid medicine by mouth that is being stopped or the dose is being lowered. It is not known whether this is caused by DUPIXENT. Tell your healthcare provider right away if you have: rash  chest pain  worsening shortness of breath  a feeling of pins and needles or numbness of your arms or legs  or persistent fever.Rarely  this can happen in people with asthma who receive DUPIXENT. This may happen in people who also take a steroid medicine by mouth that is being stopped or the dose is being lowered. It is not known whether this is caused by DUPIXENT. Tell your healthcare provider right away if you have: rash  chest pain  worsening shortness of breath  a feeling of pins and needles or numbness of your arms or legs  or persistent fever. Joint aches and pain. Some people who use DUPIXENT have had trouble walking or moving due to their joint symptoms  and in some cases needed to be hospitalized. Tell your healthcare provider about any new or worsening joint symptoms. Your healthcare provider may stop DUPIXENT if you develop joint symptoms.The most common side effects include:Eczema: injection site reactions  eye and eyelid inflammation  including redness  swelling  and itching  sometimes with blurred vision  cold sores in your mouth or on your lips  and high count of a certain white blood cell (eosinophilia).injection site reactions  eye and eyelid inflammation  including redness  swelling  and itching  sometimes with blurred vision  cold sores in your mouth or on your lips  and high count of a certain white blood cell (eosinophilia). A s t h ma: injection site reactions  high count of a certain white blood cell (eosinophilia)  pain in the throat (oropharyngeal pain)  and parasitic (helminth) infections.injection site reactions  high count of a certain white blood cell (eosinophilia)  pain in the throat (oropharyngeal pain)  and parasitic (helminth) infections. C h r on i c R h i no s i nu s i t i s w i th N a s a l P o ly po s i s: injection site reactions  eye and eyelid inflammation  including redness  swelling  and itching  sometimes with blurred vision  high count of a certain white blood cell (eosinophilia)  gastritis  joint pain (arthralgia)  trouble sleeping (insomnia)  and toothache.injection site reactions  eye and eyelid inflammation  including redness  swelling  and itching  sometimes with blurred vision  high count of a certain white blood cell (eosinophilia)  gastritis  joint pain (arthralgia)  trouble sleeping (insomnia)  and toothache. Eosinophilic Esophagitis: injection site reactions  upper respiratory tract infections  cold sores in your mouth or on your lips  and joint pain (arthralgia).injection site reactions  upper respiratory tract infections  cold sores in your mouth or on your lips  and joint pain (arthralgia). Prurigo Nodularis: eye and eyelid inflammation  including redness  swelling  and itching  sometimes with blurred vision  herpes virus infections  common cold symptoms (nasopharyngitis)  dizziness  muscle pain  and diarrhea.Tell your healthcare provider if you have any side effect that bothers you or that does not go away. These are not all the possible side effects of DUPIXENT. Call your doctor for medical advice about side effects. You are encouraged to report negative side effects of prescription drugs to the FDA. Visit www.fda.gov/medwatch  or call 1-800-FDA-1088.Use DUPIXENT exactly as prescribed by your healthcare provider. It’s an injection given under the skin (subcutaneous injection). Your healthcare provider will decide if you or your caregiver can inject DUPIXENT. Do not try to prepare and inject DUPIXENT until you or your caregiver have been trained by your healthcare provider. In children 12 years of age and older  it’s recommended DUPIXENT be administered by or under supervision of an adult. In children 6 months to less than 12 years of age  DUPIXENT should be given by a caregiver.Please see accompanying full Prescribing Information including Patient Information.About RegeneronRegeneron (NASDAQ: REGN) is a leading biotechnology company that invents  develops and commercializes life-transforming medicines for people with serious diseases. Founded and led for 35 years by physician-scientists  our unique ability to repeatedly and consistently translate science into medicine has led to nine FDA-approved treatments and numerous product candidates in development  almost all of which were homegrown in our laboratories. Our medicines and pipeline are designed to help patients with eye diseases  allergic and inflammatory diseases  cancer  cardiovascular and metabolic diseases  pain  hematologic conditions  infectious diseases and rare diseases.Regeneron is accelerating and improving the traditional drug development process through our proprietary VelociSuite® technologies  such as VelocImmune®  which uses unique genetically humanized mice to produce optimized fully human antibodies and bispecific antibodies  and through ambitious research initiatives such as the Regeneron Genetics Center  which is conducting one of the largest genetics sequencing efforts in the world.For more information  please visit www.Regeneron.com or follow @Regeneron on Twitter.About SanofiWe are an innovative global healthcare company  driven by one purpose: we chase the miracles of science to improve people’s lives. Our team  across some 100 countries  is dedicated to transforming the practice of medicine by working to turn the impossible into the possible. We provide potentially life-changing treatment options and life-saving vaccine protection to millions of people globally  while putting sustainability and social responsibility at the center of our ambitions.Sanofi is listed on EURONEXT: SAN and NASDAQ: SNY.Regeneron Forward-Looking Statements and Use of Digital MediaThis press release includes forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties relating to future events and the future performance of Regeneron Pharmaceuticals  Inc. (“Regeneron” or the “Company”)  and actual events or results may differ materially from these forward-looking statements. Words such as “anticipate ” “expect ” “intend ” “plan ” “believe ” “seek ” “estimate ” variations of such words  and similar expressions are intended to identify such forward-looking statements  although not all forward-looking statements contain these identifying words. These statements concern  and these risks and uncertainties include  among others  the impact of SARS-CoV-2 (the virus that has caused the COVID-19 pandemic) on Regeneron’s business and its employees  collaborators  and suppliers and other third parties on which Regeneron relies  Regeneron’s and its collaborators’ ability to continue to conduct research and clinical programs  Regeneron’s ability to manage its supply chain  net product sales of products marketed or otherwise commercialized by Regeneron and/or its collaborators or licensees (collectively  “Regeneron’s Products”)  and the global economy; the nature  timing  and possible success and therapeutic applications of Regeneron’s Products and product candidates being developed by Regeneron and/or its collaborators or licensees (collectively  “Regeneron’s Product Candidates”) and research and clinical programs now underway or planned  including without limitation Dupixent® (dupilumab) for the treatment of adults and adolescents with eosinophilic esophagitis (“EoE”); uncertainty of the utilization  market acceptance  and commercial success of Regeneron’s Products and Regeneron’s Product Candidates and the impact of studies (whether conducted by Regeneron or others and whether mandated or voluntary)  including the studies discussed or referenced in this press release  on any of the foregoing; the likelihood  timing  and scope of possible regulatory approval and commercial launch of Regeneron’s Product Candidates and new indications for Regeneron’s Products  such as Dupixent for the treatment of pediatric EoE  hand and foot atopic dermatitis  chronic inducible urticaria-cold  chronic spontaneous urticaria  chronic pruritus of unknown origin  chronic obstructive pulmonary disease with evidence of type 2 inflammation  chronic rhinosinusitis without nasal polyposis  allergic fungal rhinosinusitis  bullous pemphigoid  and other potential indications; the ability of Regeneron’s collaborators  licensees  suppliers  or other third parties (as applicable) to perform manufacturing  filling  finishing  packaging  labeling  distribution  and other steps related to Regeneron’s Products and Regeneron’s Product Candidates; the ability of Regeneron to manage supply chains for multiple products and product candidates; safety issues resulting from the administration of Regeneron’s Products (such as Dupixent) and Regeneron’s Product Candidates in patients  including serious complications or side effects in connection with the use of Regeneron’s Products and Regeneron’s Product Candidates in clinical trials; determinations by regulatory and administrative governmental authorities which may delay or restrict Regeneron’s ability to continue to develop or commercialize Regeneron’s Products and Regeneron’s Product Candidates  including without limitation Dupixent; ongoing regulatory obligations and oversight impacting Regeneron’s Products  research and clinical programs  and business  including those relating to patient privacy; the availability and extent of reimbursement of Regeneron’s Products from third-party payers  including private payer healthcare and insurance programs  health maintenance organizations  pharmacy benefit management companies  and government programs such as Medicare and Medicaid; coverage and reimbursement determinations by such payers and new policies and procedures adopted by such payers; competing drugs and product candidates that may be superior to  or more cost effective than  Regeneron’s Products and Regeneron’s Product Candidates; the extent to which the results from the research and development programs conducted by Regeneron and/or its collaborators or licensees may be replicated in other studies and/or lead to advancement of product candidates to clinical trials  therapeutic applications  or regulatory approval; unanticipated expenses; the costs of developing  producing  and selling products; the ability of Regeneron to meet any of its financial projections or guidance and changes to the assumptions underlying those projections or guidance; the potential for any license  collaboration  or supply agreement  including Regeneron’s agreements with Sanofi and Bayer (or their respective affiliated companies  as applicable) to be cancelled or terminated; and risks associated with intellectual property of other parties and pending or future litigation relating thereto (including without limitation the patent litigation and other related proceedings relating to EYLEA® (aflibercept) Injection  Praluent® (alirocumab)  and REGEN-COV® (casirivimab and imdevimab))  other litigation and other proceedings and government investigations relating to the Company and/or its operations  the ultimate outcome of any such proceedings and investigations  and the impact any of the foregoing may have on Regeneron’s business  prospects  operating results  and financial condition. A more complete description of these and other material risks can be found in Regeneron’s filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission  including its Form 10-K for the year ended December 31  2021 and its Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended September 30  2022. Any forward-looking statements are made based on management’s current beliefs and judgment  and the reader is cautioned not to rely on any forward-looking statements made by Regeneron. Regeneron does not undertake any obligation to update (publicly or otherwise) any forward-looking statement  including without limitation any financial projection or guidance  whether as a result of new information  future events  or otherwise.Regeneron uses its media and investor relations website and social media outlets to publish important information about the Company  including information that may be deemed material to investors. Financial and other information about Regeneron is routinely posted and is accessible on Regeneron’s media and investor relations website (http://newsroom.regeneron.com) and its Twitter feed (http://twitter.com/regeneron).Sanofi Disclaimers or Forward-Looking StatementsThis press release contains forward-looking statements as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995  as amended. Forward-looking statements are statements that are not historical facts. These statements include projections and estimates regarding the marketing and other potential of the product  or regarding potential future revenues from the product. Forward-looking statements are generally identified by the words ""expects""  ""anticipates""  ""believes""  ""intends""  ""estimates""  ""plans"" and similar expressions. Although Sanofi's management believes that the expectations reflected in such forward-looking statements are reasonable  investors are cautioned that forward-looking information and statements are subject to various risks and uncertainties  many of which are difficult to predict and generally beyond the control of Sanofi  that could cause actual results and developments to differ materially from those expressed in  or implied or projected by  the forward-looking information and statements. These risks and uncertainties include among other things  unexpected regulatory actions or delays  or government regulation generally  that could affect the availability or commercial potential of the product  the fact that product may not be commercially successful  the uncertainties inherent in research and development  including future clinical data and analysis of existing clinical data relating to the product  including post marketing  unexpected safety  quality or manufacturing issues  competition in general  risks associated with intellectual property and any related future litigation and the ultimate outcome of such litigation  and volatile economic and market conditions  and the impact that COVID-19 will have on us  our customers  suppliers  vendors  and other business partners  and the financial condition of any one of them  as well as on our employees and on the global economy as a whole. Any material effect of COVID-19 on any of the foregoing could also adversely impact us. This situation is changing rapidly and additional impacts may arise of which we are not currently aware and may exacerbate other previously identified risks. The risks and uncertainties also include the uncertainties discussed or identified in the public filings with the SEC and the AMF made by Sanofi  including those listed under ""Risk Factors"" and ""Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements"" in Sanofi's annual report on Form 20-F for the year ended December 31  2021. Other than as required by applicable law  Sanofi does not undertake any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking information or statements.Regeneron Contacts:Media RelationsIlana YellenTel: +1 914-330-9618Ilana.Yellen@regeneron.comInvestor RelationsVesna TosicTel: +1 914-847-5443Vesna.Tosic@regeneron.comSanofi Contacts:Media RelationsSally BainTel: +1 617-834-6026Sally.Bain@sanofi.comInvestor RelationsEva Schaefer-JansenTel: +33 7 86 80 56 39eva.schaefer-jansen@sanofi.comArnaud DelepineTel: +33 (0)6 73 69 36 93arnaud.delepine@sanofi.comCorentine DriancourtTel: +33 (0)6 40 56 92corentine.driancourt@sanofi.comFelix LauscherTel: +1 908-612-7239felix.lauscher@sanofi.comPriya NanduriTel: +1 617-764-6418priya.nanduri@sanofi.comNathalie PhamTel: +33 (0)7 85 93 30 17nathalie.pham@sanofi.com",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.19,0.16,0.65,True,English,"['European Commission', 'Targeted Medicine', 'Eosinophilic Esophagitis', 'Dupixent®', 'dupilumab', 'First', 'chronic, progressive inflammatory disease', 'severe uncontrolled eosinophilic esophagitis', 'conventional medicinal therapy', 'Chief Scientific Officer', '10 times higher rate', 'Dysphagia Symptom Questionnaire', 'abnormal endoscopic findings', 'Longer term efficacy', 'common side effects', 'injection site reactions', 'injection site bruising', 'histological disease remission', 'underlying type 2 inflammation', 'George D. Yancopoulos', 'frequent non-swallowing symptoms', 'The EC decision', 'additional adverse reaction', 'targeted treatment option', 'disease symptoms', 'debilitating disease', 'chronic diseases', 'Adverse events', 'additional diseases', 'M.D.', 'Ph.D.', 'debilitating symptoms', 'esophageal inflammation', 'European Union', 'five diseases', 'N.Y.', 'GLOBE NEWSWIRE', 'European Commission', 'marketing authorization', 'U.S.', 'pivotal trials', 'difficulty swallowing', 'health-related quality', 'principal inventor', 'five conditions', 'key role', 'distressing experience', 'food impaction', 'Naimish Patel', 'Global Development', '52-week data', 'three parts', 'Part A', 'Part C', 'Parts A', 'primary endpoint', 'significant improvements', 'overall population', 'topical corticosteroids', 'safety profile', 'oral herpes', 'latest approval', 'Phase 3 trial', 'Part B', 'meaningful improvement', '13.9-point improvement', 'Swallowing improvement', 'additional 28 weeks', 'Regeneron Pharmaceuticals', 'targeted medicine', 'swallowing ability', 'swallowing-related pain', 'safety results', 'four weeks', 'seven-fold reduction', 'daily life', 'Dupixent 300 mg', 'first approval', 'EoE trial', 'EoE patients', 'Dupixent patients', 'B.', '24 weeks', '52 weeks', '64% reduction', 'Dupixent®', 'years', 'placebo', '50,000 adults', 'adolescents', 'TARRYTOWN', 'PARIS', 'Inc.', 'NASDAQ', 'REGN', 'Sanofi', 'dupilumab', '40 kg', 'candidates', 'esophagus', 'biologic', 'burden', 'President', 'potential', 'IL-4', 'narrowing', 'scarring', 'something', 'painful', 'choking', 'Head', 'Immunology', 'damage', 'DSQ', '23.8-point', 'greater', 'baseline', 'points', 'less', 'indications', 'conjunctivitis', 'arthralgia', 'eosinophilia', 'infections']",2023-01-30,2023-01-30,marketscreener.com
17431,EuroNext,Bing API,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/memscap-confirms-eligibility-french-pea-173000157.html,MEMSCAP Confirms Its Eligibility for French PEA-PME Savings Plans,MEMSCAP (NYSE Euronext: MEMS) (Paris:MEMS)  leading provider of high-accuracy  high-stability pressure sensor solutions for the avionics and medical markets using MEMS technology (Micro Electro Mechanical Systems) ,GRENOBLE  France  January 30  2023--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Regulatory News:MEMSCAP (NYSE Euronext: MEMS) (Paris:MEMS)  leading provider of high-accuracy  high-stability pressure sensor solutions for the avionics and medical markets using MEMS technology (Micro Electro Mechanical Systems)  confirms its eligibility for the French small and mid-caps share savings plan (PEA-PME) whose implementing decree Nr. 2014-283 was published on March 4  2014.The MEMSCAP Group meets all the eligibility criteria for the PEA-PME: less than 5 000 employees plus annual revenue below EUR.1.5 billion or balance sheet assets of less than EUR.2 billion.MEMSCAP shares may thus partake in PEA-PME savings plans dedicated for investments in SMEs and midcaps.About MEMSCAPMEMSCAP is a leading provider MEMS1 based pressure sensors  best-in-class in term of precision and stability (very low drift) for two market segments: aerospace and medical.MEMSCAP also provides variable optical attenuators (VOA) for the optical communications market.MEMSCAP became the first listed MEMS company in the world in March 2001.1 Micro Electro Mechanical Systems* * *MEMSCAP est cotée sur Euronext Paris ™Compartiment C - Code ISIN : FR0010298620 - MEMS.View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20230130005287/en/ContactsYann CousinetChief Financial OfficerPh.: +33 (0) 4 76 92 85 00yann.cousinet@memscap.comFor more information  visit our website at:www.memscap.com.,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,neutral,0.03,0.97,0.0,True,English,"['French PEA-PME Savings Plans', 'MEMSCAP', 'Eligibility', 'high-accuracy, high-stability pressure sensor solutions', 'MEMS1 based pressure sensors', 'Micro Electro Mechanical Systems', 'mid-caps share savings plan', 'first listed MEMS company', 'balance sheet assets', 'two market segments', 'variable optical attenuators', 'optical communications market', 'Chief Financial Officer', 'PEA-PME savings plans', 'The MEMSCAP Group', 'BUSINESS WIRE', 'Regulatory News', 'NYSE Euronext', 'leading provider', 'French small', 'implementing decree', 'annual revenue', 'low drift', 'Compartiment C', 'source version', 'MEMS technology', 'medical markets', 'eligibility criteria', 'Euronext Paris ™', 'Yann Cousinet', 'MEMSCAP shares', 'France', 'avionics', 'March', 'less', '5,000 employees', 'investments', 'SMEs', 'midcaps', 'class', 'term', 'precision', 'aerospace', 'VOA', 'world', 'Code', 'ISIN', 'businesswire', 'Contacts', 'Ph.', 'information', 'website']",2023-01-30,2023-01-30,finance.yahoo.com
17432,EuroNext,Bing API,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/adocia-publishes-letter-shareholders-170000753.html,Adocia Publishes Its Letter to Shareholders,Adocia (Euronext Paris: FR0011184241 – ADOC)  a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company focused on the research and development of innovative therapeutic solutions for the treatment of diabetes and other metabolic diseases ,"LYON  France  January 30  2023--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Regulatory News:Adocia (Euronext Paris: FR0011184241 – ADOC)  a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company focused on the research and development of innovative therapeutic solutions for the treatment of diabetes and other metabolic diseases  announced today the publication of the January 2023 Letter to Shareholders.Read the Letter to Shareholders by clicking here.About AdociaAdocia is a biotechnology company specializing in the discovery and development of therapeutic solutions in the field of metabolic diseases  primarily diabetes and obesity. The company has a broad portfolio of drug candidates based on four proprietary technology platforms:1) The BioChaperone® technology for the development of new generation insulins and products combining insulins with other classes of hormones; 2) AdOral®  an oral peptide delivery technology; 3) AdoShell®  an immunoprotective biomaterial for cell transplantation  with a first application in pancreatic cells transplantation; 4) AdoGel®  a long-acting drug delivery platform.Adocia holds more than 25 patent families.Based in Lyon  the company has about 100 employees. Adocia is listed on the regulated market of EuronextTM Paris (Euronext: ADOC; ISIN: FR0011184241).DisclaimerThis press release contains certain forward-looking statements concerning Adocia and its business. Such forward-looking statements are based on assumptions that Adocia considers as being reasonable. However  there can be no guarantee that the estimates contained in such forward-looking statements will be achieved  as such estimates are subject to numerous risks including those which are set forth in the ""Risk Factors"" section of the universal registration document that was filed with the French Autorité des marchés financiers on April 21  2022 (a copy of which is available at www.adocia.com)  in particular uncertainties that are linked to research and development  future clinical data  analyses  and the evolution of the economic context  the financial markets and the markets in which Adocia operates.The forward-looking statements contained in this press release are also subject to risks not yet known to Adocia or not considered as material by Adocia as of this day. The occurrence of all or part of such risks could cause that actual results  financial conditions  performances  or achievements of Adocia be materially different from those mentioned in the forward-looking statements.This press release and the information contained herein do not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy Adocia’s shares in any jurisdiction.Story continuesView source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20230130005520/en/ContactsAdociaGérard SoulaCEOcontactinvestisseurs@adocia.comTel : +33 4 72 610 610www.adocia.comAdocia Press and Investors RelationsUlysse CommunicationPierre-Louis GermainMargaux Puech Pays d’AlissacBruno Arabianadocia@ulysse-communication.com+33 (0)6 64 79 97 51",neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,mixed,0.3,0.17,0.53,True,English,"['Adocia', 'Letter', 'Shareholders', 'French Autorité des marchés financiers', 'Gérard Soula CEO', 'Investors Relations Ulysse Communication', 'four proprietary technology platforms', 'oral peptide delivery technology', 'long-acting drug delivery platform', 'The BioChaperone® technology', 'Risk Factors"" section', 'universal registration document', 'future clinical data', 'Margaux Puech Pays', 'pancreatic cells transplantation', 'innovative therapeutic solutions', 'new generation insulins', 'clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company', 'other metabolic diseases', 'Such forward-looking statements', 'drug candidates', 'other classes', 'cell transplantation', 'Regulatory News', 'broad portfolio', 'immunoprotective biomaterial', 'first application', '25 patent families', 'regulated market', 'EuronextTM Paris', 'press release', 'economic context', 'actual results', 'financial conditions', 'source version', 'Pierre-Louis Germain', 'Bruno Arabian', 'biotechnology company', 'BUSINESS WIRE', 'Euronext Paris', 'January 2023 Letter', 'financial markets', 'numerous risks', 'Adocia Press', 'LYON', 'France', 'research', 'development', 'treatment', 'diabetes', 'publication', 'Shareholders', 'discovery', 'field', 'obesity', 'products', 'hormones', 'AdOral®', 'AdoShell®', 'AdoGel®', '100 employees', 'ISIN', 'Disclaimer', 'assumptions', 'guarantee', 'estimates', 'April', 'copy', 'particular', 'uncertainties', 'analyses', 'evolution', 'day', 'performances', 'achievements', 'information', 'offer', 'solicitation', 'shares', 'jurisdiction', 'Story', 'businesswire', 'Contacts', 'Tel', 'Alissac', '6']",2023-01-30,2023-01-30,finance.yahoo.com
17433,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.yahoo.com/now/mauna-kea-technologies-announces-coverage-164500181.html,Mauna Kea Technologies Announces the Coverage of Its Stock by Portzamparc – Groupe BNP Paribas,PARIS & BOSTON  January 30  2023--Regulatory News: Mauna Kea Technologies (Euronext: MKEA) (Paris:MKEA) (OTCQX:MKEAY) inventor of Cellvizio®  the multidisciplinary probe and needle confocal laser endomicroscopy (p/nCLE) platform  today announces the coverage of its stock by Portzamparc – Groupe BNP Paribas.,"PARIS & BOSTON  January 30  2023--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Regulatory News:Mauna Kea Technologies (Euronext: MKEA) (Paris:MKEA) (OTCQX:MKEAY) inventor of Cellvizio®  the multidisciplinary probe and needle confocal laser endomicroscopy (p/nCLE) platform  today announces the coverage of its stock by Portzamparc – Groupe BNP Paribas.Portzamparc – Groupe BNP Paribas has initiated coverage of the stock with a recommendation to Buy in its report entitled: ""The emergence of a new model"".***Next financial communication: financial results for the year 2022 on April 6  2023 after market closeAbout Mauna Kea TechnologiesMauna Kea Technologies is a global medical device company that manufactures and sells Cellvizio®  the real-time in vivo cellular imaging platform. This technology uniquely delivers in vivo cellular visualization which enables physicians to monitor the progression of disease over time  assess point-in-time reactions as they happen in real time  classify indeterminate areas of concern  and guide surgical interventions. The Cellvizio® platform is used globally across a wide range of medical specialties and is making a transformative change in the way physicians diagnose and treat patients. For more information  visit www.maunakeatech.com.DisclaimerThis press release contains forward-looking statements about Mauna Kea Technologies and its business. All statements other than statements of historical fact included in this press release  including  but not limited to  statements regarding Mauna Kea Techonologies' financial condition  business  strategies  plans and objectives for future operations are forward-looking statements. Mauna Kea Technologies believes that these forward-looking statements are based on reasonable assumptions. However  no assurance can be given that the expectations expressed in these forward-looking statements will be achieved. These forward-looking statements are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties  including those described in Chapter 3 of Mauna Kea Technologies' 2021 Universal Registration Document filed with the Autorité des marchés financiers (AMF) on October 18  2022 under number D-22-0773  which is available on the Company's website (www.maunakeatech.fr)  as well as the risks associated with changes in economic conditions  financial markets and the markets in which Mauna Kea Technologies operates. The forward-looking statements contained in this press release are also subject to risks that are unknown to Mauna Kea Technologies or that Mauna Kea Technologies does not currently consider material. The occurrence of some or all of these risks could cause the actual results  financial condition  performance or achievements of Mauna Kea Technologies to differ materially from those expressed in the forward-looking statements. This press release and the information contained herein do not constitute an offer to sell or subscribe for  or the solicitation of an order to buy or subscribe for  shares of Mauna Kea Technologies in any jurisdiction in which such offer  solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such jurisdiction. The distribution of this press release may be restricted in certain jurisdictions by local law. Persons into whose possession this document comes are required to comply with all local regulations applicable to this document.Story continuesView source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20230130005435/en/ContactsNewCap - Investor RelationsAurélie Manavarere / Thomas Grojean+33 (0)1 44 71 94 94maunakea@newcap.eu",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.12,0.88,True,English,"['Mauna Kea Technologies', 'Groupe BNP Paribas', 'Coverage', 'Stock', 'Portzamparc', ""Mauna Kea Techonologies' financial condition"", 'needle confocal laser endomicroscopy', 'des marchés financiers', 'vivo cellular imaging platform', 'global medical device company', 'vivo cellular visualization', 'Mauna Kea Technologies', 'Groupe BNP Paribas', 'Aurélie Manavarere', 'Next financial communication', 'The Cellvizio® platform', 'Universal Registration Document', 'nCLE) platform', 'medical specialties', 'financial results', 'financial markets', 'Regulatory News', 'multidisciplinary probe', 'new model', 'indeterminate areas', 'surgical interventions', 'wide range', 'transformative change', 'press release', 'historical fact', 'future operations', 'reasonable assumptions', 'economic conditions', 'actual results', 'securities laws', 'local law', 'local regulations', 'source version', 'Investor Relations', 'Thomas Grojean', 'time reactions', 'real time', 'forward-looking statements', 'BUSINESS WIRE', 'numerous risks', 'PARIS', 'BOSTON', 'January', 'Euronext', 'MKEA', 'inventor', 'coverage', 'stock', 'Portzamparc', 'recommendation', 'report', 'emergence', 'year', 'April', 'close', 'real-time', 'technology', 'physicians', 'progression', 'disease', 'point', 'concern', 'way', 'patients', 'information', 'Disclaimer', 'strategies', 'plans', 'objectives', 'assurance', 'expectations', 'uncertainties', 'Chapter', 'AMF', 'October', 'number', 'website', 'maunakeatech', 'changes', 'material', 'performance', 'achievements', 'offer', 'solicitation', 'order', 'shares', 'jurisdiction', 'sale', 'qualification', 'distribution', 'Persons', 'possession', 'Story', 'businesswire', 'Contacts', 'NewCap', '1']",2023-01-30,2023-01-30,yahoo.com
17434,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.yahoo.com/now/veon-scheme-approved-court-131500569.html,VEON’s Scheme approved by Court,VEON Ltd. and VEON Holdings B.V. VEON’s Scheme approved by Court Amsterdam  Netherlands  30 January 2023 14:15 CET: VEON Ltd. (NASDAQ  Euronext Amsterdam: VEON)  a global digital operator that provides converged connectivity and online services  and its subsidiary  VEON Holdings B.V. (the “Company”)  are pleased to announce that  further to the announcement issued on 26 January 2023 regarding the Scheme Sanction Hearing  the Court has today made an order sanctioning the Scheme in respect of the,VEON Ltd.VEON Ltd. and VEON Holdings B.V.VEON’s Scheme approved by CourtAmsterdam  Netherlands  30 January 2023 14:15 CET: VEON Ltd. (NASDAQ  Euronext Amsterdam: VEON)  a global digital operator that provides converged connectivity and online services  and its subsidiary  VEON Holdings B.V. (the “Company”)  are pleased to announce that  further to the announcement issued on 26 January 2023 regarding the Scheme Sanction Hearing  the Court has today made an order sanctioning the Scheme in respect of the Company’s 2023 Notes (the “Order”).In addition  the Company confirms that it has received confirmation from HM Revenue & Customs that the Order is not subject to stamp duty  and VEON Ltd. and VEON Amsterdam B.V. have executed the VEON Deed Poll.The Order will take effect when delivered to the Registrar of Companies. Following this  the Scheme will become effective in accordance with its terms and will bind the Company and all Scheme Creditors. This will include  among other things  the imposition of the Scheme Standstill  which will restrict 2023 Noteholders (and other Scheme Creditors) from taking Enforcement Action (and other related actions) in accordance with the terms described in the Scheme  as summarised in the Explanatory Statement issued by the Company on 21 December 2022  as amended on 11 January 2023.Notwithstanding the sanctioning of the Scheme by the Court  the Amendments will only become effective if and when each of the Amendment Conditions has been satisfied or waived (in accordance with the Scheme). This includes the receipt by the Company of certain licences  and/or confirmations that no such licences are required  as set out in the Explanatory Statement (in the event that the Company determines  in its absolute discretion  that it requires such licences or confirmations).Capitalised terms used but not defined in this announcement have the meaning given to them in the Explanatory Statement  which is available to the Scheme Creditors on the Scheme Website at https://deals.is.kroll.com/veon .Story continuesVEON Group CEO Kaan Terzioglu commented: “We welcome the approval of the scheme by Court which we believe is in the best interest of all stakeholders. This provides our Group with additional financial flexibility and time to conclude the sale of our Russian business.”About VEONVEON is a global digital operator that currently provides converged connectivity and online services to over 200 million customers in seven dynamic markets. We are transforming people’s lives  empowering individuals  creating opportunities for greater digital inclusion and driving economic growth across countries that are home to more than 8% of the world’s population. Headquartered in Amsterdam  VEON is listed on NASDAQ and Euronext.For more information visit: https://www.veon.com .Important NoticeThis release is for informational purposes only and shall not constitute a prospectus or an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy securities in the United States or any other jurisdiction  nor shall there be any offer of securities in any jurisdiction in which such offer  solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under applicable securities laws.This press release is not a prospectus for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129.This communication or information contained herein is not an offer  or an invitation to make offers  to sell  exchange or otherwise transfer securities in the Russian Federation to or for the benefit of any Russian person or entity and does not constitute an advertisement or offering of securities in the Russian Federation within the meaning of Russian securities laws.Elements of this press release contain or may contain “inside information” as defined under the Market Abuse Regulation (EU) No. 596/2014.DisclaimerThis release contains “forward-looking statements ” as the phrase is defined in Section 27A of the U.S. Securities Act of 1933  as amended  and Section 21E of the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934  as amended. Forward-looking statements are not historical facts  and are inherently subject to risks and uncertainties  many of which VEON cannot predict with accuracy and some of which VEON might not even anticipate. The forward-looking statements contained in this release speak only as of the date of this release. VEON disclaims any obligation to update them or to announce publicly any revision to any of the forward-looking statements contained in this release  or to make corrections to reflect future events or developments.Any steps taken in respect of the Scheme and in connection with the Amendments must be in compliance with all applicable sanctions laws and regulations  including the sanctions laws and regulations administered by the European Union  the United Kingdom and the United States  and including securing any necessary licences and approvals from competent sanctions authorities.Contact InformationVEONGroup Director Investor RelationsNik Kershawbonds@veon.com,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,mixed,0.23,0.21,0.56,True,English,"['VEON', 'Scheme', 'Court', 'U.S. Securities Exchange Act', 'VEON Group Director Investor Relations', 'U.S. Securities Act', 'VEON Holdings B.V.', 'VEON Amsterdam B.V.', 'global digital operator', 'additional financial flexibility', 'seven dynamic markets', 'greater digital inclusion', 'Nik Kershaw bonds', 'competent sanctions authorities', 'other related actions', 'applicable sanctions laws', 'applicable securities laws', 'VEON Deed Poll', 'VEON Group CEO', 'Market Abuse Regulation', 'Scheme Sanction Hearing', 'Russian securities laws', 'other Scheme Creditors', 'other things', 'Russian business', 'Russian Federation', 'Russian person', 'VEON Ltd', 'converged connectivity', 'online services', 'HM Revenue', 'Enforcement Action', 'Explanatory Statement', 'Amendment Conditions', 'absolute discretion', 'Kaan Terzioglu', 'best interest', '200 million customers', 'economic growth', 'Important Notice', 'United States', 'other jurisdiction', 'forward-looking statements', 'historical facts', 'future events', 'European Union', 'United Kingdom', 'Scheme Standstill', 'Scheme Website', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'informational purposes', 'inside information', 'Contact Information', 'Capitalised terms', 'press release', 'necessary licences', 'Court', 'Netherlands', 'CET', 'NASDAQ', 'subsidiary', 'Company', 'announcement', '26 January', 'order', 'respect', '2023 Notes', 'confirmation', 'Customs', 'stamp', 'duty', 'effect', 'Registrar', 'Companies', 'accordance', '2023 Noteholders', '21 December', '11 January', 'sanctioning', 'Amendments', 'receipt', 'meaning', 'Story', 'approval', 'stakeholders', 'time', 'sale', 'people', 'lives', 'individuals', 'opportunities', 'countries', 'world', 'population', 'prospectus', 'offer', 'solicitation', 'registration', 'qualification', 'communication', 'invitation', 'benefit', 'entity', 'advertisement', 'Elements', 'Disclaimer', 'phrase', 'Section', 'risks', 'uncertainties', 'accuracy', 'date', 'obligation', 'revision', 'corrections', 'developments', 'steps', 'connection', 'compliance', 'regulations', '30']",2023-01-30,2023-01-30,yahoo.com
17435,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.thetradenews.com/city-is-defining-the-rules-of-continental-europe-more-than-ever-post-brexit-says-euronext-cash-and-derivatives-head/,‘City is defining the rules of Continental Europe more than ever post-Brexit’  says Euronext cash and derivatives head,European regulators have made several U-turns in the last few months  in particular around their stance on systematic internalisers and dark trading  that mimic UK proposals.,The influence of the City of London and the UK’s Financial Conduct Authority (FCA) on European regulation has never been greater  says Euronext’s head of cash and derivatives  Simon Gallagher.Regulators in the UK and Europe have been shoring up their newly separate regulatory regimes following Brexit  taking seemingly divergent stances to transparency and dark trading. However  a U-turn proposal put forward the Czech Presidency and then approved by Member States at the end of last year signals a change of direction for EU regulation.Instead of the originally suggested clamp down on dark pools and quasi-dark systematic internalisers  the new proposal suggests a 10% double volume cap and no new limits to SIs’ ability to match at midpoint.“The paradox behind the whole Mifir Review is that the weight of the FCA and the City of London in European regulation has never been greater. Post-Brexit the city is defining the rules of continental Europe more than ever before ” Simon Gallagher  head of cash and derivatives  told The TRADE.“The priority of Continental authorities now seems to be to compete with the City of London  so we don’t see an outflow of business to the City. This has been a major driver behind the current Mifir review and its approach to SIs and transparency. If regulators accept that SIs will form a material feature of the European execution landscape  then they should be regulated in a manner that reflects their scale  with reinforced transparency obligations and  above all  improved reporting on the nature of the trades that occur inside them.“There is the prospect that business will shift to them as flows concentrate at big banks. If you’re having 20% of the market going through SIs to regulate that you need to know trade categories etc. SIs also compete heavily around the closing auction which is a key part of price formation.”The draft regulation proposed by the Czechs in December is now being negotiated by the EU Parliament. Its proposals included a restriction on payment for order flow (PFOF)  leaving it at the “discretion” of Member States to allow the practice in their territory should they wish. Venues such as Euronext were vocal at the time of publishing that this discretionary approach to regulation across EU Member States would not support more competition in the Bloc  which already suffers from more fragmentation than other global markets.However  according to sources familiar with the matter  the EU is now likely to mirror the approach of UK’s FCA more closely  with a blanket ban the practice all together following its being tabled in parliament.“The FCA has clear rules on PFOF and we’re aligned with their view of the world  whereas in Germany there is a toleration of the practice. As a pan-European operator  this lack of a joined-up  coherent vision of the markets is frustrating for us ” Gallagher told The TRADE.“We don’t think payment for order flow is a good thing. It disrupts markets  creates conflicts of interest etc. Economics are economics  these aren’t saints offering free trading. There’s no free lunch. A price is paid somewhere and it’s paid in the spread and the implicit trading costs.”,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.01,negative,0.04,0.07,0.89,True,English,"['Continental Europe', 'Euronext cash', 'City', 'rules', 'Brexit', 'derivatives', 'Financial Conduct Authority', 'separate regulatory regimes', 'quasi-dark systematic internalisers', '10% double volume cap', 'up, coherent vision', 'European execution landscape', 'implicit trading costs', 'current Mifir review', 'other global markets', 'EU Member States', 'dark trading', 'free trading', 'European regulation', 'divergent stances', 'U-turn proposal', 'Czech Presidency', 'last year', 'dark pools', 'new proposal', 'new limits', 'The TRADE', 'Continental authorities', 'major driver', 'material feature', 'big banks', 'trade categories', 'closing auction', 'key part', 'order flow', 'pan-European operator', 'good thing', 'free lunch', 'EU regulation', 'draft regulation', 'Simon Gallagher', 'continental Europe', 'price formation', 'EU Parliament', 'clear rules', 'transparency obligations', 'discretionary approach', 'The FCA', 'influence', 'City', 'London', 'UK', 'Euronext', 'head', 'cash', 'derivatives', 'Regulators', 'Brexit', 'end', 'change', 'direction', 'ability', 'midpoint', 'paradox', 'weight', 'priority', 'outflow', 'business', 'SIs', 'manner', 'scale', 'reporting', 'nature', 'trades', 'prospect', 'flows', 'Czechs', 'December', 'proposals', 'restriction', 'payment', 'PFOF', 'practice', 'territory', 'Venues', 'time', 'competition', 'Bloc', 'fragmentation', 'sources', 'matter', 'blanket', 'world', 'Germany', 'toleration', 'lack', 'conflicts', 'interest', 'Economics', 'saints', 'spread']",2023-01-30,2023-01-30,thetradenews.com
17436,EuroNext,Bing API,https://uk.news.yahoo.com/teleperformance-commended-oecd-french-national-061500140.html,Teleperformance Commended by the OECD French National Contact Point for Implementing Its Recommendations and Maintaining Duty of Care,Teleperformance (Paris:TEP)  the global leader in outsourced customer and citizen experience management and related digital services  announced today that the OECD National Contact Point (NCP)1 for France1 has definitively ended the proceedings initiated in April 2020 and applauded the actions taken by Teleperformance to follow NCP recommendations and maintain duty of care.,"The OECD National Contact Point for France brings an end to proceedingsPARIS  January 30  2023--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Regulatory News:Teleperformance (Paris:TEP)  the global leader in outsourced customer and citizen experience management and related digital services  announced today that the OECD National Contact Point (NCP)1 for France1 has definitively ended the proceedings initiated in April 2020 and applauded the actions taken by Teleperformance to follow NCP recommendations and maintain duty of care.In particular  the NCP commends the Group's significant progress in India and the Philippines  where employee representatives are now stakeholders in health and safety committees at the different sites and subsidiaries.It has ended follow-up work on the specific instance2 and definitively closed the proceedings.On April 17  2020  UNI Global Union filed a specific instance with the OECD French NCP regarding Teleperformance and its management of the Covid-19 outbreak.On July 5  2021  following the initial assessment  the NCP found that the Covid-19 pandemic prevention  management and monitoring policy across the Group's subsidiaries was perfectly in line with corporate duty of care best practices  in accordance with the OECD Guidelines. After several months of investigation  the NCP also confirmed the actual and operational implementation of Teleperformance's commitments in the countries concerned.The NCP press release is available by clicking here (French version only for now).Teleperformance has a long history of commitment to social and environmental responsibility  and is deeply attentive to the wellbeing of its employees. This commitment is illustrated by the many Best Employer certifications awarded to Teleperformance by the independent Great Place to Work® Institute.Teleperformance and UNI Global also signed a global agreement in December 2022.Daniel Julien  Teleperformance Chairman and Chief Executive Officer  commented: ""Teleperformance’s worldwide corporate mission is to reduce the day-to-day frictions existing between companies and their customers  and between governments and their citizens. We deliver on that mission by making sure we satisfy all our stakeholders  with a primary focus on TP employee satisfaction. Accordingly  we acknowledge and appreciate the positive conclusion of the tripartite OECD NCP.""Story continuesAbout Teleperformance GroupTeleperformance (TEP – ISIN: FR0000051807 – Reuters: TEPRF.PA - Bloomberg: TEP FP)  the global leader in outsourced customer and citizen experience management and related digital services  serves as a strategic partner to the world’s largest companies in many industries. It offers a One Office support services model including end-to-end digital solutions  which guarantee successful customer interaction and optimized business processes  anchored in a unique  comprehensive high touch  high tech approach. Nearly 420 000 employees  based in 88 countries  support billions of connections every year in over 265 languages and around 170 markets  in a shared commitment to excellence as part of the ""Simpler  Faster  Safer"" process. This mission is supported by the use of reliable  flexible  intelligent technological solutions and compliance with the industry’s highest security and quality standards  based on Corporate Social Responsibility excellence. In 2021  Teleperformance reported consolidated revenue of €7 115 million (US$8.4 billion  based on €1 = $1.18) and net profit of €557 million.Teleperformance shares are traded on the Euronext Paris market  Compartment A  and are eligible for the deferred settlement service. They are included in the following indices: CAC 40  STOXX 600  S&P Europe 350  MSCI Global Standard and Euronext Tech Leaders. In the area of corporate social responsibility  Teleperformance shares are included in the CAC 40 ESG since September 2022  the Euronext Vigeo Euro 120 index since 2015  the EURO STOXX 50 ESG index since 2020  the MSCI Europe ESG Leaders index since 2019  the FTSE4Good index since 2018 and the S&P Global 1200 ESG index since 2017.For more information: www.teleperformance.com Follow us on Twitter: @teleperformance_________________________ 1 The French National Contact Point (NCP) is a tripartite body made up of trade unions  employer representatives and government for the out-of-court settlement of disputes related to the implementation of the OECD Guidelines for Multinational Enterprises 2 Countries adhering to the OECD Guidelines for Multinational Enterprises are required to set up National Contact Points (NCPs) to assist in the effective implementation of the Guidelines. As part of their mandate  NCPs act as a mediation and conciliation platform dedicated resolving issues arising from the alleged breach of the Guidelines (referred to as ""specific instances"").View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20230129005034/en/ContactsFINANCIAL ANALYSTS AND INVESTORSInvestor relations and financialcommunication departmentTELEPERFORMANCETel: +33 1 53 83 59 15investor@teleperformance.comPRESS RELATIONSEuropeKarine Allouis – Laurent PoinsotIMAGE7Tel: +33 1 53 70 74 70teleperformance@image7.frPRESS RELATIONSAmericas and Asia-PacificMark PfeifferTELEPERFORMANCETel: + 1 801-257-5811mark.pfeiffer@teleperformance.com",neutral,0.2,0.8,0.0,mixed,0.61,0.22,0.16,True,English,"['OECD French National Contact Point', 'Maintaining Duty', 'Teleperformance', 'Recommendations', 'Care', 'unique, comprehensive high touch, high tech approach', 'One Office support services model', 'reliable, flexible, intelligent technological solutions', 'The French National Contact Point', 'The OECD National Contact Point', 'MSCI Europe ESG Leaders index', 'S&P Global 1200 ESG index', 'EURO STOXX 50 ESG index', 'Euronext Vigeo Euro 120 index', 'The NCP press release', 'many Best Employer certifications', 'Euronext Tech Leaders', 'S&P Europe', 'National Contact Points', 'Corporate Social Responsibility excellence', 'MSCI Global Standard', 'related digital services', 'independent Great Place', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'Covid-19 pandemic prevention', 'care best practices', 'TP employee satisfaction', 'optimized business processes', 'deferred settlement service', 'financial communication department', 'successful customer interaction', 'OECD French NCP', 'UNI Global Union', 'citizen experience management', 'Euronext Paris market', 'worldwide corporate mission', 'tripartite OECD NCP', 'digital solutions', 'FTSE4Good index', 'CAC 40 ESG', 'French version', 'environmental responsibility', 'many industries', 'employer representatives', 'global leader', 'global agreement', 'OECD Guidelines', 'BUSINESS WIRE', 'employee representatives', 'Covid-19 outbreak', 'corporate duty', 'tripartite body', 'court settlement', 'FINANCIAL ANALYSTS', 'outsourced customer', 'Regulatory News', 'significant progress', 'safety committees', 'different sites', 'follow-up work', 'specific instance2', 'initial assessment', 'monitoring policy', 'several months', 'long history', 'Work® Institute', 'Daniel Julien', 'primary focus', 'positive conclusion', 'strategic partner', 'Safer"" process', 'highest security', 'quality standards', 'consolidated revenue', 'net profit', 'Compartment A', 'following indices', 'trade unions', 'Multinational Enterprises', 'conciliation platform', 'alleged breach', 'specific instances', 'source version', 'NCP recommendations', 'operational implementation', 'effective implementation', 'day frictions', 'largest companies', 'Investor relations', 'TEP FP', 'Teleperformance Chairman', 'Teleperformance shares', 'Teleperformance Group', 'France', 'proceedings', 'January', 'April', 'actions', 'India', 'Philippines', 'stakeholders', 'health', 'subsidiaries', 'July', 'accordance', 'investigation', 'actual', 'commitments', 'countries', 'wellbeing', 'employees', 'December', 'customers', 'governments', 'citizens', 'ISIN', 'Reuters', 'TEPRF', 'Bloomberg', 'billions', 'connections', 'languages', '170 markets', 'Simpler', 'Faster', 'use', 'compliance', 'industry', 'area', 'September', 'information', 'Twitter', 'disputes', 'NCPs', 'mandate', 'mediation', 'issues', 'businesswire', 'Contacts', 'INVESTORS']",2023-01-30,2023-01-30,uk.news.yahoo.com
17437,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,‘City is defining the rules of Continental Europe more than ever post-Brexit’  says Euronext cash and derivatives h… https://t.co/4P5J93u7vq,nan,‘City is defining the rules of Continental Europe more than ever post-Brexit’  says Euronext cash and derivatives h… https://t.co/4P5J93u7vq,neutral,0.09,0.9,0.02,neutral,0.09,0.9,0.02,True,English,"['Continental Europe', 'Euronext cash', 'City', 'rules', 'Brexit', 'derivatives', 'P5J93u7vq', 'Continental Europe', 'Euronext cash', 'City', 'rules', 'Brexit', 'derivatives', 'P5J93u7vq']",2023-01-30,2023-01-30,Unknown
17438,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,@AntstreamArcade @PowerDubs Euronext Paris announced to the AMF that on January 26  the final date set for the fili… https://t.co/HlOADJlkos,nan,@AntstreamArcade @PowerDubs Euronext Paris announced to the AMF that on January 26  the final date set for the fili… https://t.co/HlOADJlkos,neutral,0.07,0.91,0.01,neutral,0.07,0.91,0.01,True,English,"['PowerDubs Euronext Paris', 'final date', 'AntstreamArcade', 'AMF', 'January', 'HlOADJlkos', 'PowerDubs Euronext Paris', 'final date', 'AntstreamArcade', 'AMF', 'January', 'HlOADJlkos']",2023-01-30,2023-01-30,Unknown
17439,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,‘City is defining the rules of Continental Europe more than ever post-Brexit’  says Euronext cash and derivatives h… https://t.co/LppjnbaynO,nan,‘City is defining the rules of Continental Europe more than ever post-Brexit’  says Euronext cash and derivatives h… https://t.co/LppjnbaynO,neutral,0.06,0.92,0.02,neutral,0.06,0.92,0.02,True,English,"['Continental Europe', 'Euronext cash', 'City', 'rules', 'Brexit', 'derivatives', 'LppjnbaynO', 'Continental Europe', 'Euronext cash', 'City', 'rules', 'Brexit', 'derivatives', 'LppjnbaynO']",2023-01-30,2023-01-30,Unknown
17440,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,#Ateme #Stocks #Electronics #Euronext Paris #CAC40 #Fra40 Long https://t.co/1utOZgwRvK,nan,#Ateme #Stocks #Electronics #Euronext Paris #CAC40 #Fra40 Long https://t.co/1utOZgwRvK,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,True,English,"['Euronext Paris', 'Fra40 Long', 'Ateme', 'Stocks', 'Electronics', 'CAC40', 'utOZgwRvK', 'Euronext Paris', 'Fra40 Long', 'Ateme', 'Stocks', 'Electronics', 'CAC40', 'utOZgwRvK']",2023-01-30,2023-01-30,Unknown
17441,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,French media group Vivendi mulls listing of publishing unit Editis on Euronext Growth.#IPONews #IPO #SpinOff… https://t.co/DzniLKiqlm,nan,French media group Vivendi mulls listing of publishing unit Editis on Euronext Growth.#IPONews #IPO #SpinOff… https://t.co/DzniLKiqlm,neutral,0.06,0.93,0.01,neutral,0.06,0.93,0.01,True,English,"['French media group', 'publishing unit', 'Euronext Growth', 'Vivendi', 'listing', 'Editis', 'IPONews', 'SpinOff', 'DzniLKiqlm', 'French media group', 'publishing unit', 'Euronext Growth', 'Vivendi', 'listing', 'Editis', 'IPONews', 'SpinOff', 'DzniLKiqlm']",2023-01-30,2023-01-30,Unknown
17442,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,Via #ETFStream - Euronext launches space index in partnership with European Space Agency https://t.co/Y0neDdNOK0,nan,Via #ETFStream - Euronext launches space index in partnership with European Space Agency https://t.co/Y0neDdNOK0,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['European Space Agency', 'space index', 'Euronext', 'partnership', 'Y0neDdNOK0', 'European Space Agency', 'space index', 'Euronext', 'partnership', 'Y0neDdNOK0']",2023-01-30,2023-01-30,Unknown
17443,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,$Euronext [15s. delayed]: Issued Press Release on January 30  08:15:00: VEON’s Scheme approved by Court https://t.co/QOtprhdspm,nan,$Euronext [15s. delayed]: Issued Press Release on January 30  08:15:00: VEON’s Scheme approved by Court https://t.co/QOtprhdspm,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.01,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.01,True,English,"['Press Release', 'January', 'VEON', 'Scheme', 'Court', 'QOtprhdspm', 'Press Release', 'January', 'VEON', 'Scheme', 'Court', 'QOtprhdspm']",2023-01-30,2023-01-30,Unknown
17444,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,‘City is defining the rules of Continental Europe more than ever post-Brexit’  says Euronext cash and derivatives h… https://t.co/d9OwEbWARd,nan,‘City is defining the rules of Continental Europe more than ever post-Brexit’  says Euronext cash and derivatives h… https://t.co/d9OwEbWARd,neutral,0.05,0.93,0.02,neutral,0.05,0.93,0.02,True,English,"['Continental Europe', 'Euronext cash', 'City', 'rules', 'Brexit', 'derivatives', 'Continental Europe', 'Euronext cash', 'City', 'rules', 'Brexit', 'derivatives']",2023-01-30,2023-01-30,Unknown
17445,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,‘City is defining the rules of Continental Europe more than ever post-Brexit’  says Euronext cash and derivatives h… https://t.co/XRSlnmhXYE,nan,‘City is defining the rules of Continental Europe more than ever post-Brexit’  says Euronext cash and derivatives h… https://t.co/XRSlnmhXYE,neutral,0.1,0.86,0.04,neutral,0.1,0.86,0.04,True,English,"['Continental Europe', 'Euronext cash', 'City', 'rules', 'Brexit', 'derivatives', 'XRSlnmhXYE', 'Continental Europe', 'Euronext cash', 'City', 'rules', 'Brexit', 'derivatives', 'XRSlnmhXYE']",2023-01-30,2023-01-30,Unknown
