UID,Searchword,API,URL,Title,Summary,Article,Title_Sentiment,Title_Positive,Title_Neutral,Title_Negative,Article_Sentiment,Article_Positive,Article_Neutral,Article_Negative,Verified,Language,Topics,Date,Load_Date,Source
2736,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,Deutsche Börse Photography Foundation Prize 2022.Among a high-impact shortlist for this year’s prize  Anastasia Sa… https://t.co/YkIuijjtZ1,nan,Deutsche Börse Photography Foundation Prize 2022.Among a high-impact shortlist for this year’s prize  Anastasia Sa… https://t.co/YkIuijjtZ1,neutral,0.09,0.85,0.06,neutral,0.09,0.85,0.06,True,English,"['Deutsche Börse Photography Foundation Prize', 'high-impact shortlist', 'Anastasia Sa', 'year', 'YkIuijjtZ1', 'Deutsche Börse Photography Foundation Prize', 'high-impact shortlist', 'Anastasia Sa', 'year', 'YkIuijjtZ1']",2022-04-12,2022-04-18,Unknown
2737,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,TPG is open for our spring season!For the Record: Photography &amp; the Art of the Album Cover  Deutsche Börse Photog… https://t.co/ofuo338Ka3,nan,TPG is open for our spring season!For the Record: Photography &amp; the Art of the Album Cover  Deutsche Börse Photog… https://t.co/ofuo338Ka3,neutral,0.12,0.85,0.02,neutral,0.12,0.85,0.02,True,English,"['Deutsche Börse Photog', 'spring season', 'Album Cover', 'TPG', 'Record', 'Photography', 'Art', 'ofuo338Ka3', 'Deutsche Börse Photog', 'spring season', 'Album Cover', 'TPG', 'Record', 'Photography', 'Art', 'ofuo338Ka3']",2022-04-12,2022-04-18,Unknown
2833,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,FNZ and Clearstream to launch business intelligence solution for EMEA asset managers - Asset managers will be prov… https://t.co/VckPAyK1Rz,nan,FNZ and Clearstream to launch business intelligence solution for EMEA asset managers - Asset managers will be prov… https://t.co/VckPAyK1Rz,neutral,0.03,0.96,0.01,neutral,0.03,0.96,0.01,True,English,"['business intelligence solution', 'EMEA asset managers', 'FNZ', 'Clearstream', 'VckPAyK1Rz', 'business intelligence solution', 'EMEA asset managers', 'FNZ', 'Clearstream', 'VckPAyK1Rz']",2022-04-13,2022-04-18,Unknown
2834,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,Athenian Group has Partnered with ClearStream Energy Services Inc.  to hire a #Calgary or #Edmonton  #Alberta  IT B… https://t.co/LfzEVa3VaB,nan,Athenian Group has Partnered with ClearStream Energy Services Inc.  to hire a #Calgary or #Edmonton  #Alberta  IT B… https://t.co/LfzEVa3VaB,neutral,0.03,0.96,0.01,neutral,0.03,0.96,0.01,True,English,"['ClearStream Energy Services Inc.', 'Athenian Group', 'Edmonton', 'Alberta', 'IT', 'LfzEVa3VaB', 'ClearStream Energy Services Inc.', 'Athenian Group', 'Edmonton', 'Alberta', 'IT', 'LfzEVa3VaB']",2022-04-13,2022-04-18,Unknown
2856,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,Clearstream and FNZ Develop Strategic Partnership Deutsche Börse Group’s post-trade services provider  Clearstream… https://t.co/7KwDfgmjIM,nan,Clearstream and FNZ Develop Strategic Partnership Deutsche Börse Group’s post-trade services provider  Clearstream… https://t.co/7KwDfgmjIM,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,True,English,"['Deutsche Börse Group', 'post-trade services provider', 'Strategic Partnership', 'Clearstream', 'FNZ', 'KwDfgmjIM', 'Deutsche Börse Group', 'post-trade services provider', 'Strategic Partnership', 'Clearstream', 'FNZ', 'KwDfgmjIM']",2022-04-13,2022-04-18,Unknown
2857,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,Deutsche Börse Group’s post-trade services provider Clearstream has partnered with FNZ  the global wealth managemen… https://t.co/FxXviJk3es,nan,Deutsche Börse Group’s post-trade services provider Clearstream has partnered with FNZ  the global wealth managemen… https://t.co/FxXviJk3es,neutral,0.03,0.95,0.02,neutral,0.03,0.95,0.02,True,English,"['Deutsche Börse Group', 'post-trade services provider', 'global wealth managemen', 'Clearstream', 'FNZ', 'FxXviJk3es', 'Deutsche Börse Group', 'post-trade services provider', 'global wealth managemen', 'Clearstream', 'FNZ', 'FxXviJk3es']",2022-04-13,2022-04-18,Unknown
2909,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,Muscat Clearing and Depository Company signs an agreement with Euroclear International Corporation.#Omanspire #Oman https://t.co/iG8aX3y4a8,nan,Muscat Clearing and Depository Company signs an agreement with Euroclear International Corporation.#Omanspire #Oman https://t.co/iG8aX3y4a8,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,True,English,"['Euroclear International Corporation', 'Muscat Clearing', 'Depository Company', 'agreement', 'Omanspire', 'Euroclear International Corporation', 'Muscat Clearing', 'Depository Company', 'agreement', 'Omanspire']",2022-04-14,2022-04-18,Unknown
2910,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,Crypto Ape News: Euroclear invests in Fnality to advance digital ledger technology strategy https://t.co/wb4CANVoKo… https://t.co/oDZeT7Z4as,nan,Crypto Ape News: Euroclear invests in Fnality to advance digital ledger technology strategy https://t.co/wb4CANVoKo… https://t.co/oDZeT7Z4as,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.02,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.02,True,English,"['digital ledger technology strategy', 'Crypto Ape News', 'Euroclear', 'Fnality', 'wb4CANVoKo', 'oDZeT7Z4as', 'digital ledger technology strategy', 'Crypto Ape News', 'Euroclear', 'Fnality', 'wb4CANVoKo', 'oDZeT7Z4as']",2022-04-14,2022-04-18,Unknown
2911,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,Circle lands $400m funding round featuring BlackRock  Fidelity #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/DX0akfpdLl #regtech,nan,Circle lands $400m funding round featuring BlackRock  Fidelity #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/DX0akfpdLl #regtech,neutral,0.02,0.96,0.02,neutral,0.02,0.96,0.02,True,English,"['$400m funding round', 'Circle', 'BlackRock', 'Fidelity', 'Fintech', 'DX0akfpdLl', 'regtech', '$400m funding round', 'Circle', 'BlackRock', 'Fidelity', 'Fintech', 'DX0akfpdLl', 'regtech']",2022-04-14,2022-04-18,Unknown
2912,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,Wagestream secures $175m Series C funding to fuel expansion plans #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/Uqnhpzx57e #regtech,nan,Wagestream secures $175m Series C funding to fuel expansion plans #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/Uqnhpzx57e #regtech,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,True,English,"['$175m Series C funding', 'expansion plans', 'Wagestream', 'Fintech', 'co', 'Uqnhpzx57e', 'regtech', '$175m Series C funding', 'expansion plans', 'Wagestream', 'Fintech', 'co', 'Uqnhpzx57e', 'regtech']",2022-04-14,2022-04-18,Unknown
2922,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,ClearStream completes Refinancing of Credit Facility https://t.co/0jU7hWF8xj,nan,ClearStream completes Refinancing of Credit Facility https://t.co/0jU7hWF8xj,neutral,0.02,0.96,0.03,neutral,0.02,0.96,0.03,True,English,"['Credit Facility', 'ClearStream', 'Refinancing', 'Credit Facility', 'ClearStream', 'Refinancing']",2022-04-14,2022-04-18,Unknown
2923,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,.@FNZ_Group and @Clearstream join forces for transparency in asset managementRead the full story here:… https://t.co/DZbAOFe7sV,nan,.@FNZ_Group and @Clearstream join forces for transparency in asset managementRead the full story here:… https://t.co/DZbAOFe7sV,neutral,0.05,0.9,0.05,neutral,0.05,0.9,0.05,True,English,"['asset management', 'full story', 'FNZ_Group', 'forces', 'transparency', 'DZbAOFe7sV', 'asset management', 'full story', 'FNZ_Group', 'forces', 'transparency', 'DZbAOFe7sV']",2022-04-14,2022-04-18,Unknown
2924,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,Thanks to @futurism for naming our ClearStream 4V the Best Overall Outdoor #TVAntenna! See how our antennas compare… https://t.co/TGPASb4eNS,nan,Thanks to @futurism for naming our ClearStream 4V the Best Overall Outdoor #TVAntenna! See how our antennas compare… https://t.co/TGPASb4eNS,positive,0.99,0.01,0.0,positive,0.99,0.01,0.0,True,English,"['ClearStream 4V', 'Outdoor', 'TVAntenna', 'antennas', 'TGPASb4eNS', 'ClearStream 4V', 'Outdoor', 'TVAntenna', 'antennas', 'TGPASb4eNS']",2022-04-14,2022-04-18,Unknown
2925,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,.@FNZ_Group and @Clearstream join forces for transparency in asset managementRead the full story here:… https://t.co/Nk4rWzPsOn,nan,.@FNZ_Group and @Clearstream join forces for transparency in asset managementRead the full story here:… https://t.co/Nk4rWzPsOn,neutral,0.04,0.91,0.05,neutral,0.04,0.91,0.05,True,English,"['asset management', 'full story', 'FNZ_Group', 'forces', 'transparency', 'Nk4rWzPsOn', 'asset management', 'full story', 'FNZ_Group', 'forces', 'transparency', 'Nk4rWzPsOn']",2022-04-14,2022-04-18,Unknown
2926,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,.@FNZ_Group and @Clearstream join forces for transparency in asset managementRead the full story here:… https://t.co/ATJGIG0AJv,nan,.@FNZ_Group and @Clearstream join forces for transparency in asset managementRead the full story here:… https://t.co/ATJGIG0AJv,neutral,0.05,0.9,0.05,neutral,0.05,0.9,0.05,True,English,"['asset management', 'full story', 'FNZ_Group', 'forces', 'transparency', 'ATJGIG0AJv', 'asset management', 'full story', 'FNZ_Group', 'forces', 'transparency', 'ATJGIG0AJv']",2022-04-14,2022-04-18,Unknown
2927,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,.@FNZ_Group and @Clearstream join forces for transparency in asset managementRead the full story here:… https://t.co/4939hyCUSU,nan,.@FNZ_Group and @Clearstream join forces for transparency in asset managementRead the full story here:… https://t.co/4939hyCUSU,neutral,0.05,0.91,0.05,neutral,0.05,0.91,0.05,True,English,"['asset management', 'full story', 'FNZ_Group', 'forces', 'transparency', '4939hyCUSU', 'asset management', 'full story', 'FNZ_Group', 'forces', 'transparency', '4939hyCUSU']",2022-04-14,2022-04-18,Unknown
2928,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,FinanceMagnates: Clearstream and FNZ Develop Strategic Partnership https://t.co/8zy8zjVsH2,nan,FinanceMagnates: Clearstream and FNZ Develop Strategic Partnership https://t.co/8zy8zjVsH2,neutral,0.03,0.95,0.01,neutral,0.03,0.95,0.01,True,English,"['FNZ Develop', 'Strategic Partnership', 'FinanceMagnates', 'Clearstream', '8zy8zjVsH2', 'FNZ Develop', 'Strategic Partnership', 'FinanceMagnates', 'Clearstream', '8zy8zjVsH2']",2022-04-14,2022-04-18,Unknown
2938,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,Today… Deutsche Börse Photography Foundation Prize 2022💎 Two of my favourites: Deana Lawson &amp; Gilles Peress.… https://t.co/75k0k3vwxo,nan,Today… Deutsche Börse Photography Foundation Prize 2022💎 Two of my favourites: Deana Lawson &amp; Gilles Peress.… https://t.co/75k0k3vwxo,positive,0.69,0.29,0.02,positive,0.69,0.29,0.02,True,English,"['Deutsche Börse Photography Foundation Prize', 'Deana Lawson', 'Gilles Peress', 'favourites', 'amp', 'Deutsche Börse Photography Foundation Prize', 'Deana Lawson', 'Gilles Peress', 'favourites', 'amp']",2022-04-14,2022-04-18,Unknown
2993,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,Crypto paytech MoonPay receives $87m from entertainment and sporting stars #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/CIzizfnBEN #regtech,nan,Crypto paytech MoonPay receives $87m from entertainment and sporting stars #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/CIzizfnBEN #regtech,neutral,0.01,0.97,0.02,neutral,0.01,0.97,0.02,True,English,"['Crypto paytech MoonPay', 'sporting stars', 'entertainment', 'Fintech', 'CIzizfnBEN', 'regtech', 'Crypto paytech MoonPay', 'sporting stars', 'entertainment', 'Fintech', 'CIzizfnBEN', 'regtech']",2022-04-15,2022-04-18,Unknown
2994,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,ICYMI fintech funding round-up: Winden  EximPe  Uplinq  ImaliPay &amp; SwooshTransfer #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech… https://t.co/cZkQjCovDC,nan,ICYMI fintech funding round-up: Winden  EximPe  Uplinq  ImaliPay &amp; SwooshTransfer #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech… https://t.co/cZkQjCovDC,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,True,English,"['ICYMI fintech funding round-up', 'Winden', 'EximPe', 'Uplinq', 'ImaliPay', 'amp', 'SwooshTransfer', 'cZkQjCovDC', 'ICYMI fintech funding round-up', 'Winden', 'EximPe', 'Uplinq', 'ImaliPay', 'amp', 'SwooshTransfer', 'cZkQjCovDC']",2022-04-15,2022-04-18,Unknown
3002,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,@jpraffarin A crook will always follow another crook.#Clearstream,nan,@jpraffarin A crook will always follow another crook.#Clearstream,negative,0.01,0.09,0.9,negative,0.01,0.09,0.9,True,English,"['jpraffarin', 'crook', 'Clearstream', 'jpraffarin', 'crook', 'Clearstream']",2022-04-15,2022-04-18,Unknown
3035,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,Jobinar: Euroclear – Here IT mattershttps://t.co/N7S9XYJXYO https://t.co/am7NSkfTbf,nan,Jobinar: Euroclear – Here IT mattershttps://t.co/N7S9XYJXYO https://t.co/am7NSkfTbf,neutral,0.03,0.93,0.03,neutral,0.03,0.93,0.03,True,English,"['Jobinar', 'Euroclear', 'IT', 'N7S9XYJXYO', 'am7NSkfTbf', 'Jobinar', 'Euroclear', 'IT', 'N7S9XYJXYO', 'am7NSkfTbf']",2022-04-16,2022-04-18,Unknown
3036,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,@Dao92256627 @HappyIsAWarmBun @dampedspring @AndyWang2018030 Belgium is the location of Euroclear’s headquarters  i… https://t.co/8jUcH4NUBG,nan,@Dao92256627 @HappyIsAWarmBun @dampedspring @AndyWang2018030 Belgium is the location of Euroclear’s headquarters  i… https://t.co/8jUcH4NUBG,neutral,0.06,0.93,0.01,neutral,0.06,0.93,0.01,True,English,"['AndyWang2018030 Belgium', 'Dao92256627', 'HappyIsAWarmBun', 'dampedspring', 'location', 'Euroclear', 'headquarters', '8jUcH4NUBG', 'AndyWang2018030 Belgium', 'Dao92256627', 'HappyIsAWarmBun', 'dampedspring', 'location', 'Euroclear', 'headquarters', '8jUcH4NUBG']",2022-04-16,2022-04-18,Unknown
3061,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,"@euronext The argument is simple as anonymously been on vote within institutional behavior as ""walk into curreclums… https://t.co/boLq6hfy7A",nan,"@euronext The argument is simple as anonymously been on vote within institutional behavior as ""walk into curreclums… https://t.co/boLq6hfy7A",negative,0.01,0.02,0.97,negative,0.01,0.02,0.97,True,English,"['institutional behavior', 'euronext', 'argument', 'vote', 'curreclums', 'boLq6hfy7A', 'institutional behavior', 'euronext', 'argument', 'vote', 'curreclums', 'boLq6hfy7A']",2022-04-16,2022-04-18,Unknown
3062,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,@marketsmedia @euronext Our opinion within the set of exchanges is yet on terms as time is and that's not than some… https://t.co/fqbIfsbRVA,nan,@marketsmedia @euronext Our opinion within the set of exchanges is yet on terms as time is and that's not than some… https://t.co/fqbIfsbRVA,neutral,0.04,0.83,0.14,neutral,0.04,0.83,0.14,True,English,"['marketsmedia', 'opinion', 'set', 'exchanges', 'terms', 'time', 'fqbIfsbRVA', 'marketsmedia', 'opinion', 'set', 'exchanges', 'terms', 'time', 'fqbIfsbRVA']",2022-04-16,2022-04-18,Unknown
3064,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,Euroclear invests in Fnality to advance digital ledger technology strategy https://t.co/KUi2ykyGAb,nan,Euroclear invests in Fnality to advance digital ledger technology strategy https://t.co/KUi2ykyGAb,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,True,English,"['digital ledger technology strategy', 'Euroclear', 'Fnality', 'KUi2ykyGAb', 'digital ledger technology strategy', 'Euroclear', 'Fnality', 'KUi2ykyGAb']",2022-04-17,2022-04-18,Unknown
3065,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,@investor743 @dampedspring Via this firm called Euroclear from memory,nan,@investor743 @dampedspring Via this firm called Euroclear from memory,neutral,0.03,0.91,0.05,neutral,0.03,0.91,0.05,True,English,"['investor743', 'dampedspring', 'firm', 'memory', 'investor743', 'dampedspring', 'firm', 'memory']",2022-04-16,2022-04-18,Unknown
3067,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,@clearstream_io why are our texts from @vortexchurch not going out?,nan,@clearstream_io why are our texts from @vortexchurch not going out?,negative,0.02,0.35,0.64,negative,0.02,0.35,0.64,True,English,"['clearstream_io', 'texts', 'clearstream_io', 'texts']",2022-04-16,2022-04-18,Unknown
3071,Deutsche Boerse,Google API,https://finnewslive.com/2022/04/17/jpmorgan-chase-190-00-price-target-for-deutsche-borse-etrdb1.html,JPMorgan Chase & Co. Reiterates “€190.00” Price Target for Deutsche Börse (ETR:DB1),1 day ago,JPMorgan Chase & Co. set a €190.00 ($206.52) target price on Deutsche Börse (ETR:DB1 – Get Rating) in a research report sent to investors on Thursday morning  Borsen Zeitung reports.A number of other research analysts have also recently commented on the company. Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft set a €184.00 ($200.00) target price on Deutsche Börse in a research note on Wednesday  March 9th. UBS Group set a €185.00 ($201.09) target price on Deutsche Börse in a research note on Thursday  April 7th. Royal Bank of Canada set a €156.00 ($169.57) target price on Deutsche Börse in a research note on Wednesday  March 9th. Deutsche Bank Rese… set a €185.00 ($201.09) price objective on Deutsche Börse in a research note on Tuesday  April 12th. Finally  Barclays set a €165.00 ($179.35) price objective on Deutsche Börse in a research note on Thursday  February 10th. Six research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and four have assigned a buy rating to the stock. According to MarketBeat.com  the stock has a consensus rating of Hold and a consensus price target of €170.15 ($184.94).Get Deutsche Börse alerts:DB1 opened at €168.35 ($182.99) on Thursday. The stock has a market cap of $30.91 billion and a price-to-earnings ratio of 25.59. The stock’s 50 day moving average price is €157.22 and its 200-day moving average price is €150.55. Deutsche Börse has a one year low of €132.65 ($144.18) and a one year high of €169.55 ($184.29). The company has a debt-to-equity ratio of 81.68  a quick ratio of 0.07 and a current ratio of 1.00.Deutsche BÃ¶rse AG operates as an exchange organization in Europe  the United States  and the Asia-Pacific. The company operates through seven segments: Eurex (Financial Derivatives)  EEX (Commodities)  360T (Foreign Exchange)  Xetra (Cash Equities)  Clearstream (Post-Trading)  IFS (Investment Fund Services)  and Qontigo (index and analytics business).See AlsoReceive News & Ratings for Deutsche Börse Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Deutsche Börse and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.,neutral,0.01,0.95,0.05,neutral,0.02,0.92,0.06,True,English,"['Deutsche Börse', 'JPMorgan Chase', 'Co.', 'Price', 'Target', 'ETR', 'FREE daily email newsletter', '50 day moving average price', '200-day moving average price', 'Deutsche Börse alerts', 'Deutsche BÃ¶rse AG', 'Deutsche Börse Daily', 'concise daily summary', 'Investment Fund Services', 'Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft', 'Deutsche Bank Rese', 'other research analysts', 'Six research analysts', 'consensus price target', 'email address', 'Royal Bank', 'target price', 'consensus rating', '1.09) price objective', '$179.35) price objective', 'research report', 'research note', ""analysts' ratings"", 'JPMorgan Chase', 'Get Rating', 'Borsen Zeitung', 'UBS Group', 'buy rating', 'MarketBeat.com', 'market cap', 'earnings ratio', 'equity ratio', 'quick ratio', 'current ratio', 'exchange organization', 'United States', 'seven segments', 'Financial Derivatives', 'Foreign Exchange', 'Cash Equities', 'analytics business', 'related companies', 'ETR:DB1', 'hold rating', 'one year', 'latest news', 'Thursday morning', 'Co.', 'investors', 'number', 'company', 'Wednesday', 'March', 'April', 'Canada', 'Tuesday', 'Barclays', 'February', 'stock', 'debt', 'Europe', 'Asia-Pacific', 'Eurex', 'EEX', 'Commodities', '360T', 'Xetra', 'Clearstream', 'Post-Trading', 'IFS', 'Qontigo', 'index', '0.00', '5.00']",2022-04-17,2022-04-18,finnewslive.com
3078,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,@hoosierfannn Maybe just state it.  Not w Euronext has time to be on Twitter 24/7.   Life happens.   Good grief.,nan,@hoosierfannn Maybe just state it.  Not w Euronext has time to be on Twitter 24/7.   Life happens.   Good grief.,negative,0.28,0.0,0.72,negative,0.28,0.0,0.72,True,English,"['Good grief', 'hoosierfannn', 'Euronext', 'time', 'Twitter', 'Life', 'Good grief', 'hoosierfannn', 'Euronext', 'time', 'Twitter', 'Life']",2022-04-17,2022-04-18,Unknown
3080,Euroclear,Google API,https://www.streetinsider.com/SEC+Filings/Form+424B2+TORONTO+DOMINION+BANK/19923751.html,Form 424B2 TORONTO DOMINION BANK,4 hours ago,Filed Pursuant to Rule 424(b)(2)Registration Statement No. 333-262557The information in this preliminary pricing supplement is not complete and may be changed. This preliminary pricing supplement is not an offer to sell nor does it seek an offer to buy these Notes in any state where the offer or sale is not permitted.Subject to Completion  dated April 18  2022Pricing Supplement dated   2022 to theProspectus Supplement dated March 4  2022 andProspectus dated March 4  2022The Toronto-Dominion Bank $[ ● ] Callable Fixed Rate Notes Due April 30  2024The Toronto-Dominion Bank (“TD” or “we”) is offering the Callable Fixed Rate Notes due April 30  2024 (the “Notes”) described below.CUSIP / ISIN: 89114VCW5 / US89114VCW54The Notes will accrue interest at a fixed rate of 3.00% per annum from and including the Issue Date to but excluding the Maturity Date.TD will pay interest on the Notes on the last calendar day of each January  April  July and October (each  an “Interest Payment Date”)   commencing on July 31  2022 and ending on the Maturity Date .TD may  at its option  elect to redeem the Notes in whole  but not in part  on the last calendar day of each January  April  July and October (each  an “Optional Call Date”)  upon five Business Days’ prior written notice  commencing on July 31  2022  and ending on the Interest Payment Date immediately preceding the Maturity Date. Any payments on the Notes are subject to the credit risk of TD. The Notes are unsecured and are not savings accounts or insured deposits of a bank. The Notes are not insured or guaranteed by the Canada Deposit Insurance Corporation (the “CDIC”)  the U.S. Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation or any other governmental agency or instrumentality of Canada or the United States.The Notes are bail-inable debt securities (as defined in the prospectus) and subject to conversion in whole or in part – by means of a transaction or series of transactions and in one or more steps – into common shares of TD or any of its affiliates under subsection 39.2(2.3) of the Canada Deposit Insurance Corporation Act (the “CDIC Act”) and to variation or extinguishment in consequence  and subject to the application of the laws of the Province of Ontario and the federal laws of Canada applicable therein in respect of the operation of the CDIC Act with respect to the Notes. See “Description of the Debt Securities―Special Provisions Related to Bail-inable Debt Securities”  “Canadian Bank Resolution Powers” and “Risk Factors—Risks Related to the Bank’s Bail-inable Debt Securities” in the accompanying prospectus.The Notes will not be listed or displayed on any securities exchange or any electronic communications network.Investment in the Notes involves a number of risks. See “Additional Risk Factors” beginning on page P-5 of this pricing supplement  “Risk Factors” beginning on page S-4 of the prospectus supplement dated March 4  2022 (the “prospectus supplement”) and “Risk Factors” beginning on page 1 of the prospectus dated March 4  2022 (the “prospectus”).Neither the Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”) nor any state securities commission has approved or disapproved of these Notes or determined that this pricing supplement  the prospectus supplement or the prospectus is truthful or complete. Any representation to the contrary is a criminal offense.We will deliver the Notes in book-entry only form through the facilities of The Depository Trust Company on the Issue Date  against payment in immediately available funds.Public Offering Price1 Underwriting Discount1 2 Proceeds to TD2 Per Security $1 000.00 Up to $18.50 At least $ 981.50 Total $ $ $1 Certain dealers who purchase the Notes for sale to certain fee-based advisory accounts may forgo some or all of their selling concessions  fees or commissions. The public offering price for investors purchasing the Notes in these accounts may be as low as $985.00 (98.50%) per $1 000 Principal Amount of the Notes.2 TD Securities (USA) LLC will receive a commission of up to $18.50 (1.85%) per $1 000 Principal Amount of the Notes and may use all or a portion of that commission to allow selling concessions to other dealers in connection with the distribution of the Notes. The other dealers may forgo  in their sole discretion  some or all of their selling concessions. The total “Underwriting Discount” and “Proceeds to TD” to be specified above will reflect the aggregate of the underwriting discounts per Note at the time TD established any hedge positions on or prior to the Pricing Date  which may be variable and fluctuate depending on market conditions at such times. See “Supplemental Plan of Distribution (Conflicts of Interest)” herein.Callable Fixed Rate Notes Due April 30  2024SummaryThe information in this “Summary” section is qualified by the more detailed information set forth in this pricing supplement  the prospectus supplement and the prospectus.Issuer: The Toronto-Dominion Bank Issue: Senior Debt Securities  Series D Type of Note: Callable Fixed Rate Notes CUSIP / ISIN: 89114VCW5 / US 89114VCW54 Underwriter: TD Securities (USA) LLC Currency: U.S. Dollars Minimum Investment: $1 000 and minimum denominations of $1 000 in excess thereof. Principal Amount: $1 000 per Note Issue Price: 100% of the Principal Amount per Note Pricing Date: April 26  2022 Issue Date: April 29  2022  which is the third DTC settlement day following the Pricing Date. Under Rule 15c6-1 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934  as amended (the “Exchange Act”)  trades in the secondary market generally are required to settle in two DTC settlement days (“T+2”)  unless the parties to a trade expressly agree otherwise. Accordingly  purchasers who wish to trade the Notes in the secondary market on any date prior to two DTC settlement days before delivery of the Notes will be required  by virtue of the fact that each Note initially will settle in three DTC settlement days (“T+3”)  to specify alternative settlement arrangements to prevent a failed settlement of the secondary market trade. Maturity Date: April 30  2024   subject to redemption by TD prior to the Maturity Date as set forth below under “Redemption”. If the Maturity Date is not a Business Day  the Principal Amount will be paid on the on the next Business Day. Payment at Maturity If the Notes have not been redeemed by us  as described elsewhere in this pricing supplement  TD will pay you the Principal Amount of your Notes plus any accrued and unpaid interest. Interest Rate: 3.00% per annum  payable on each Interest Payment Date  in arrears from and including the Issue Date to but excluding the Maturity Date Day Count Fraction: 30/360 For the avoidance of doubt  each month is deemed to have 30 days and each year is deemed to have 360 days. Therefore  each interest period is deemed to have 90 days and each year is deemed to have 360 days  resulting in equal interest payments. Interest Payment Dates: The last calendar day of each January  April  July and October  commencing on July 31  2022 and ending on the Maturity Date. If an Interest Payment Date is not a Business Day  interest shall be paid on the next Business Day  without adjustment for period end dates and no interest shall be paid in respect of the delay. Redemption: The Notes are redeemable by TD  in whole  but not in part  on any Optional Call Date at 100% of their Principal Amount together with accrued and unpaid interest from and including the previous Interest Payment Date  to  but excluding the applicable Optional Call Date. TD will provide written notice to DTC at least five (5) Business Days prior to the applicable Optional Call Date. In the event TD gives notice to DTC of its intention to redeem the Notes  the decision to give such notice will be subject to the prior approval of the Superintendent of Financial Institutions if such redemption would lead to a breach of TD’s Total Loss Absorbing Capacity requirements.Optional Call Dates: The last calendar day of January  April  July and October of each year  commencing on July 31  2022  and ending on the Interest Payment Date immediately preceding the Maturity Date. If an Optional Call Date is not a Business Day  then the Notes will be redeemed on the next Business Day and no interest shall be paid in respect of the delay. Business Day: Any day that is a Monday  Tuesday  Wednesday  Thursday or Friday that is neither a legal holiday nor a day on which banking institutions are authorized or required by law to close in New York City. U.S. Tax Treatment: The Notes should be treated for U.S. federal income tax purposes as fixed rate debt instruments that are issued without original issue discount  as discussed further herein under “Material U.S. Federal Income Tax Consequences”. Canadian Tax Treatment: Please see the discussion under the caption “Tax Consequences—Canadian Taxation” in the prospectus  which applies to your Notes. Calculation Agent: TD Listing: The Notes will not be listed or displayed on any securities exchange or any electronic communications network. Clearance and Settlement: DTC Global (including through its indirect participants Euroclear and Clearstream  Luxembourg) as described under “Description of the Debt Securities—Forms of the Debt Securities” and “Ownership  Book-Entry Procedures and Settlement” in the prospectus. Terms Incorporated in the Master Note: All of the terms appearing above the item captioned “Listing” above and the terms appearing under the caption “Description of the Notes We May Offer” in the prospectus supplement  as modified by this pricing supplement. Canadian Bail-in Powers: The Notes are bail-inable debt securities (as defined in the prospectus) and subject to conversion in whole or in part – by means of a transaction or series of transactions and in one or more steps – into common shares of the Bank or any of its affiliates under subsection 39.2(2.3) of the Canada Deposit Insurance Corporation Act (the “CDIC Act”) and to variation or extinguishment in consequence  and subject to the application of the laws of the Province of Ontario and the federal laws of Canada applicable therein in respect of the operation of the CDIC Act with respect to the Notes. See “Description of the Debt Securities―Special Provisions Related to Bail-inable Debt Securities”  “Canadian Bank Resolution Powers” and “Risk Factors—Risks Related to the Bank’s Bail-inable Debt Securities” in the prospectus for a description of provisions and risks applicable to the Notes as a result of Canadian bail-in powers. Agreement with Respect to the Exercise of Canadian Bail-in Powers: By its acquisition of an interest in any Note  each holder or beneficial owner of that Note is deemed to (i) agree to be bound  in respect of the Notes  by the CDIC Act  including the conversion of the Notes  in whole or in part – by means of a transaction or series of transactions and in one or more steps – into common shares of the Bank or any of its affiliates under subsection 39.2(2.3) of the CDIC Act and the variation or extinguishment of the Notes in consequence  and by the application of the laws of the Province of Ontario and the federal laws of Canada applicable therein in respect of the operation of the CDIC Act with respect to the Notes; (ii) attorn and submit to the jurisdiction of the courts in the Province of Ontario with respect to the CDIC Act and those laws; and (iii) acknowledge and agree that the terms referred to in paragraphs (i) and (ii)  above  are binding on that holder or beneficial owner despite any provisions in the indenture or the Notes  any other law that governs the Notes and any other agreement  arrangement or understanding between that holder or beneficial owner and the Bank with respect to the Notes. Holders and beneficial owners of Notes will have no further rights in respect of their bail-inable debt securities to the extent those bail-inable debt securities are converted in a bail-in conversion  other than those provided under the bail-in regime  and by its acquisition of an interest in any Note  each holder or beneficial owner of that Note is deemed to irrevocably consent to the converted portion of the Principal Amount of that Note and any accrued and unpaid interest thereon being deemed paid in full by the Bank by the issuance of common shares of the Bank (or  if applicable  any of its affiliates) upon the occurrence of a bail-in conversion  which bail-in conversion will occur without any further action on the part of that holder or beneficial owner or the trustee; provided that  for the avoidance of doubt  this consent will not limit or otherwise affect any rights that holders or beneficial owners may have under the bail-in regime. See “Description of the Debt Securities―Special Provisions Related to Bail-inable Debt Securities”  “Canadian Bank Resolution Powers” and “Risk Factors—Risks Related to the Bank’s Bail-inable Debt Securities” in the prospectus for a description of provisions and risks applicable to the Notes as a result of Canadian bail-in powers.The Pricing Date  the Issue Date and all other dates listed above are subject to change. These dates will be set forth in the final pricing supplement that will be made available in connection with sales of the Notes.Additional Terms of Your NotesYou should read this pricing supplement together with the prospectus  as supplemented by the prospectus supplement  relating to our Senior Debt Securities  Series D  of which these Notes are a part. Capitalized terms used but not defined in this pricing supplement will have the meanings given to them in the prospectus supplement. In the event of any conflict  this pricing supplement will control. The Notes vary from the terms described in the prospectus supplement in several important ways. You should read this pricing supplement carefully.This pricing supplement  together with the documents listed below  contains the terms of the Notes and supersedes all prior or contemporaneous oral statements as well as any other written materials including preliminary or indicative pricing terms  correspondence  trade ideas  structures for implementation  sample structures  brochures or other educational materials of ours. You should carefully consider  among other things  the matters set forth in “Additional Risk Factors” of this pricing supplement and “Risk Factors” of the prospectus supplement and the prospectus  as the Notes involve risks not associated with conventional debt securities. We urge you to consult your investment  legal  tax  accounting and other advisors concerning an investment in the Notes. You may access these documents on the SEC website at www.sec.gov as follows (or if that address has changed  by reviewing our filings for the relevant date on the SEC website):◾ Prospectus dated March 4  2022:◾ Prospectus Supplement dated March 4  2022:Our Central Index Key  or CIK  on the SEC website is 0000947263. As used in this pricing supplement  the “Bank ” “we ” “us ” or “our” refers to The Toronto-Dominion Bank and its subsidiaries.We reserve the right to change the terms of  or reject any offer to purchase  the Notes prior to their issuance. In the event of any changes to the terms of the Notes  we will notify you and you will be asked to accept such changes in connection with your purchase. You may also choose to reject such changes  in which case we may reject your offer to purchase.Additional Risk FactorsThe Notes involve risks not associated with an investment in ordinary fixed rate notes. This section describes the most significant risks relating to the terms of the Notes. For additional information as to these risks  please see the prospectus supplement and the prospectus.You should carefully consider whether the Notes are suited to your particular circumstances. Accordingly  you should consult your investment  legal  tax  accounting and other advisors as to the risks entailed by an investment in the Notes and the suitability of the Notes in light of your particular circumstances.Risks Relating to Structure and Credit CharacteristicsInvestors Are Subject to Our Credit Risk  and Our Credit Ratings and Credit Spreads May Adversely Affect the Market Value of the Notes.Investors are dependent on TD’s ability to pay all amounts due on the Notes on the Interest Payment Dates and the Maturity Date  and  therefore  investors are subject to the credit risk of TD and to changes in the market’s view of TD’s creditworthiness. Any decrease in TD’s credit ratings or increase in the credit spreads charged by the market for taking TD’s credit risk is likely to adversely affect the market value of the Notes. If TD becomes unable to meet its financial obligations as they become due  investors may not receive any amounts due under the terms of the Notes.The Notes will be Subject to Risks  Including Conversion in Whole or in Part — by Means of a Transaction or Series of Transactions and in One or More Steps — into Common Shares of TD or Any of its Affiliates  Under Canadian Bank Resolution Powers.Under Canadian bank resolution powers  the CDIC may  in circumstances where TD has ceased  or is about to cease  to be viable  assume temporary control or ownership of TD and may be granted broad powers by one or more orders of the Governor in Council (Canada)  including the power to sell or dispose of all or a part of the assets of TD  and the power to carry out or cause TD to carry out a transaction or a series of transactions the purpose of which is to restructure the business of TD. If the CDIC were to take action under the Canadian bank resolution powers with respect to TD  this could result in holders or beneficial owners of the Notes being exposed to losses and conversion of the Notes in whole or in part — by means of a transaction or series of transactions and in one or more steps — into common shares of TD or any of its affiliates.As a result  you should consider the risk that you may lose all or part of your investment  including the Principal Amount plus any accrued interest  if the CDIC were to take action under the Canadian bank resolution powers  including the bail-in regime  and that any remaining outstanding Notes  or common shares of TD or any of its affiliates into which the Notes are converted  may be of little value at the time of a bail-in conversion and thereafter. See “Description of the Debt Securities―Special Provisions Related to Bail-inable Debt Securities”  “Canadian Bank Resolution Powers” and “Risk Factors—Risks Related to the Bank’s Bail-inable Debt Securities” in the accompanying prospectus for a description of provisions and risks applicable to the Notes as a result of Canadian bail-in powers.The Notes Are Subject to Early Redemption at TD's Option.TD has the option to redeem the Notes on any Optional Call Date as set forth above. It is more likely that we will redeem the Notes prior to the Maturity Date in the event that the interest payable on the Notes is greater than the interest that would be payable on our other instruments of a comparable maturity  terms and credit rating trading in the market. If the Notes are redeemed prior to their stated Maturity Date  you may have to re-invest the proceeds in a lower rate environment.Risks Relating to Valuation and LiquidityThe Agent Discount  Offering Expenses and Certain Hedging Costs Are Likely to Adversely Affect Secondary Market Prices.Assuming no changes in market conditions or any other relevant factors  the price  if any  at which you may be able to sell the Notes will likely be less than the public offering price. The public offering price includes  and any price quoted to you is likely to exclude  the underwriting discount paid in connection with the initial distribution  offering expenses as well as the cost of hedging our obligations under the Notes. In addition  any such price is also likely to reflect dealer discounts  mark-ups and other transaction costs  such as a discount to account for costs associated with establishing or unwinding any related hedge transaction.There May Not Be an Active Trading Market for the Notes — Sales in the Secondary Market May Result in Significant Losses.There may be little or no secondary market for the Notes. The Notes will not be listed or displayed on any securities exchange or any electronic communications network. TD Securities (USA) LLC and other affiliates of TD may make a market for the Notes; however  they are not required to do so. TD Securities (USA) LLC or any other affiliate of TD may stop any market-making activities at any time. Even if a secondary market for the Notes develops  it may not provide significant liquidity or trade at prices advantageous to you. We expect that transaction costs in any secondary market would be high. As a result  the difference between bid and ask prices for your Notes in any secondary market could be substantial.If you sell your Notes before the Maturity Date  you may have to do so at a substantial discount from the Issue Price  and as a result  you may suffer substantial losses.The Temporary Price at Which the Underwriter May Initially Buy The Notes in the Secondary Market May Exceed Other Secondary Market Values and  Depending on Your Broker  the Valuation Provided on Your Customer Account Statements May Not Be Indicative of Future Prices of Your Notes.Assuming that all relevant factors remain constant after the Pricing Date  the price at which the Underwriter may initially buy or sell the Notes in the secondary market (if the Underwriter makes a market in the Notes  which it is not obligated to do) may  for a temporary period after the Pricing Date of the Notes  exceed the secondary market value of the Notes  as discussed further under “Supplemental Plan of Distribution (Conflicts of Interest).” During this temporary period such prices may  depending on your broker  be greater than the valuation provided on your customer account statements; you should inquire with your broker as to the valuation provided on your customer account statement. The price at which the Underwriter may initially buy or sell the Notes in the secondary market may not be indicative of future prices of your Notes.Risks Relating to Canadian and U.S. Federal Income TaxationSignificant Aspects of the Tax Treatment of the Notes May Be Uncertain.The U.S. tax treatment of the Notes may be uncertain. Please read carefully the section entitled “Material U.S. Federal Income Tax Consequences” below. You should consult your tax advisor about your tax situation.For a discussion of the Canadian federal income tax consequences of investing in the Notes  please see “Tax Consequences—Canadian Taxation” in the prospectus. If you are not a Non-resident Holder (as that term is defined in “Canadian Taxation” in the prospectus) for Canadian federal income tax purposes or if you acquire the Notes in the secondary market  you should consult your tax advisors as to the consequences of acquiring  holding and disposing of the Notes and receiving the payments that might be due under the Notes.Material U.S. Federal Income Tax ConsequencesGeneral The following discussion summarizes certain U.S. federal income tax consequences to U.S. Holders of the purchase  beneficial ownership and disposition of the Notes. This discussion replaces the federal income tax discussions in the prospectus supplement and prospectus. The discussion herein does not address the consequences to taxpayers subject to special tax accounting rules under Section 451(b) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986  as amended (the “Code”).For purposes of this summary  a “U.S. Holder” is a beneficial owner of a Note that is:• an individual who is a citizen or a resident of the U.S.  for U.S. federal income tax purposes;• a corporation (or other entity that is treated as a corporation for U.S. federal income tax purposes) that is created or organized in or under the laws of the U.S. or any State thereof (including the District of Columbia);• an estate whose income is subject to U.S. federal income taxation regardless of its source; or• a trust if a court within the U.S. is able to exercise primary supervision over its administration  and one or more U.S. persons  for U.S. federal income tax purposes  have the authority to control all of its substantial decisions.For purposes of this summary  a “Non-U.S. Holder” is a beneficial owner of a Note that is:• a nonresident alien individual for federal income tax purposes;• a foreign corporation for federal income tax purposes; or• an estate or trust whose income is not subject to federal income tax on a net income basis.An individual may  subject to certain exceptions  be deemed to be a resident of the U.S. for U.S. federal income tax purposes by reason of being present in the U.S. for 31 days or more in the calendar year and for an aggregate of 183 days or more during a three year period ending in the current calendar year (counting for such purposes all of the days present in the current year  one third of the days present in the immediately preceding year  and one sixth of the days present in the second preceding year).This summary is based on interpretations of the Code  regulations issued thereunder  and rulings and decisions currently in effect (or in some cases proposed)  all of which are subject to change. Any such change may be applied retroactively and may materially and adversely affect the U.S. federal income tax consequences described herein. In addition  this summary addresses only holders that purchase Notes at initial issuance  and own Notes as capital assets and not as part of a “straddle ” “hedge ” “synthetic security ” or a “conversion transaction” for U.S. federal income tax purposes or as part of some other integrated investment. This summary does not discuss all of the tax consequences (such as any alternative minimum tax consequences) that may be relevant to particular investors or to investors subject to special treatment under the U.S. federal income tax laws (such as banks  thrifts or other financial institutions; insurance companies; securities dealers or brokers  or traders in securities electing mark-to-market treatment; regulated investment companies or real estate investment trusts; small business investment companies; S corporations; partnerships; or investors that hold their Notes through a partnership or other entity treated as a partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes; holders whose functional currency is not the U.S. dollar; certain former citizens or residents of the U.S.; retirement plans or other tax-exempt entities  or persons holding the Notes in tax-deferred or tax-advantaged accounts; persons that purchase or sell the Notes as part of a wash sale for tax purposes; or “controlled foreign corporations” or “passive foreign investment companies” for U.S. federal income tax purposes). This summary also does not address the tax consequences to shareholders  or other equity holders in  or beneficiaries of  a holder  or any state  local or non-U.S. tax consequences of the purchase  ownership or disposition of the Notes. Persons considering the purchase of Notes should consult their tax advisors concerning the application of U.S. federal income tax laws to their particular situations as well as any consequences of the purchase  beneficial ownership and disposition of Notes arising under the laws of any other taxing jurisdiction.U.S. Federal Income Tax Treatment of the NotesWhile there is no authority that specifically addresses the U.S. federal income tax treatment of bail-inable debt securities such as the Notes  the Notes should be treated as indebtedness for U.S. federal income tax purposes  and the balance of this summary assumes that such Notes are treated as indebtedness for U.S. federal income tax purposes. However  the U.S. Internal Revenue Service (the “IRS”) could assert that the Notes should be treated as equity for U.S. federal income tax purposes. Nevertheless  treatment of the Notes as equity for U.S. federal income tax purposes should not result in inclusions of income with respect to the Notes that are materially different from those if the Notes are treated as indebtedness. If the Notes were treated as equity  it is unlikely that interest payments on the Notes that are treated as dividends for U.S. federal income tax purposes would be treated as “qualified dividend income” for U.S. federal income tax purposes and  if such dividends were not treated as qualified dividend income  amounts treated as dividends would be taxed at ordinary income tax rates. You should consult with your tax advisor regarding the appropriate characterization of bail-inable debt securities for U.S. federal income tax purposes  and the U.S. federal income and other tax consequences of any bail-in conversion.The Notes should be treated as indebtedness for U.S. federal income tax purposes as discussed above  with interest payments on the Notes taxable to a U.S. Holder as ordinary interest income at the time it accrues or is received in accordance with the U.S. Holder’s normal method of accounting for tax purposes. Pursuant to the terms of the Notes  you agree to treat the Notes consistent with our treatment for all U.S. federal income tax purposes. We do not plan to request a ruling from the IRS regarding the tax treatment of the Notes  and the IRS or a court may not agree with the tax treatment described in this pricing supplement. We urge you to consult your tax advisor as to the tax consequences of your investment in the Notes.Based on certain factual representations received from us  our special U.S. tax counsel  Fried  Frank  Harris  Shriver & Jacobson LLP  is of the opinion that the Notes should be treated in the manner described above. However  the U.S. federal income tax treatment of the Notes is uncertain.Sale  Exchange  Early Redemption or Maturity of the NotesUpon the disposition of a Note by sale  exchange  early redemption  maturity or other taxable disposition  a U.S. Holder should generally recognize taxable gain or loss equal to the difference between (1) the amount realized on such taxable disposition (other than amounts attributable to accrued but untaxed interest) and (2) the U.S. Holder’s adjusted tax basis in the Note. A U.S. Holder’s adjusted tax basis in a Note generally will equal the U.S. Holder’s cost of the Note. Because the Note is held as a “capital asset”  as defined in Section 1221 of the Code  such gain or loss will generally constitute capital gain or loss. Capital gain of a non-corporate U.S. Holder is generally taxed at preferential rates where the holder has a holding period of greater than one year. The deductibility of a capital loss realized on the taxable disposition of a Note is subject to limitations.Medicare Tax on Net Investment IncomeU.S. Holders that are individuals  estates or certain trusts are subject to an additional 3.8% tax on all or a portion of their “net investment income ” or “undistributed net investment income” in the case of an estate or trust  which may include any income or gain realized with respect to the Notes  to the extent of their net investment income or undistributed net investment income (as the case may be) that  when added to their other modified adjusted gross income  exceeds $200 000 for an unmarried individual  $250 000 for a married taxpayer filing a joint return (or a surviving spouse)  $125 000 for a married individual filing a separate return or the dollar amount at which the highest tax bracket begins for an estate or trust. The 3.8% Medicare tax is determined in a different manner than the income tax. U.S. holders should consult their tax advisors as to the consequences of the 3.8% Medicare tax.Specified Foreign Financial AssetsCertain U.S. Holders that own “specified foreign financial assets” in excess of an applicable threshold may be subject to reporting obligations with respect to such assets with their tax returns  especially if such assets are held outside the custody of a U.S. financial institution. U.S. Holders are urged to consult their tax advisors as to the application of this reporting obligation to their ownership of the Notes.Tax Treatment of Non-U.S. HoldersIn general and subject to the discussion below  payments on the Notes to a Non-U.S. Holder and gain realized on the sale  exchange  early redemption  maturity or other taxable disposition of the Notes by a Non-U.S. Holder will not be subject to U.S. federal income or withholding tax  unless (1) such income is effectively connected with a trade or business conducted by such Non-U.S. Holder in the U.S.  (2) in the case of gain  such Non-U.S. Holder is a nonresident alien individual who holds the Notes as a capital asset and is present in the U.S. for 183 days or more in the taxable year of the sale and certain other conditions are satisfied  (3) such Non-U.S. Holder fails to provide the relevant correct  complete and executed IRS Form W-8 or (4) such Non-U.S. Holder has certain other present or former connections with the U.S.Backup Withholding and Information ReportingInterest paid on  and the proceeds received from a sale  exchange  early redemption  maturity or other taxable disposition of Notes held by a U.S. Holder will be subject to information reporting unless the U.S. Holder is an “exempt recipient” and may also be subject to backup withholding if the holder fails to provide certain identifying information (such as an accurate taxpayer number) or meet certain other conditions. Amounts withheld under the backup withholding rules are not additional taxes and may be refunded or credited against your U.S. federal income tax liability  provided the required information is furnished to the IRS.Payments of principal and interest on  and proceeds from the taxable disposition of  Notes held by a Non-U.S. Holder to or through certain brokers may be subject to a backup withholding tax on “reportable payments” unless  in general  such Non-U.S. Holder complies with certain procedures or is an exempt recipient. Any such amounts so withheld from distributions on the Notes generally will be refunded by the IRS or allowed as a credit against such Non-U.S. Holder’s federal income tax  provided such Non-U.S. Holder makes a timely filing of an appropriate tax return or refund claim. Reports will be made to the IRS and to holders that are not excepted from the reporting requirements.Both U.S. and Non-U.S. Holders should consult their tax advisors regarding the U.S. federal income tax consequences of an investment in the Notes  as well as any tax consequences arising under the laws of any state  local or non-U.S. taxing jurisdiction (including that of TD).Supplemental Plan of Distribution (Conflicts of Interest)We have appointed TD Securities (USA) LLC  an affiliate of TD  as the agent for the sale of the Notes. Pursuant to the terms of a distribution agreement  TD Securities (USA) LLC will purchase the Notes from TD at the public offering price less the underwriting discount set forth on the cover page of this pricing supplement for distribution to other registered broker-dealers. Such other registered broker-dealers will offer the Notes at the public offering price set forth on the cover page of this pricing supplement. Certain dealers who purchase the Notes for sale to certain fee-based advisory accounts may forgo some or all of their selling concessions  fees or commissions. The public offering price for investors purchasing the Notes in these accounts may be as low as $985.00 (98.50%) per $1 000 Principal Amount of the Notes. TD Securities (USA) LLC will receive a commission of up to $18.50 (1.85%) per $1 000 Principal Amount of the Notes and may use all or a portion of that commission to allow selling concessions to other dealers in connection with the distribution of the Notes. The other dealers may forgo  in their sole discretion  some or all of their selling concessions. The total “Underwriting Discount” and “Proceeds to TD” to be specified on the cover hereof will reflect the aggregate of the underwriting discounts per Note at the time TD established any hedge positions on or prior to the Pricing Date  which may be variable and fluctuate depending on market conditions at such times.Assuming that all relevant factors remain constant after the Pricing Date  the price at which the Underwriter may initially buy or sell the Notes in the secondary market  if any  may  for a temporary period expected to be approximately 18 months after the Issue Date  exceed the secondary market value of the Notes because  in our discretion  we may elect to effectively reimburse to investors a portion of the estimated cost of hedging our obligations under the Notes and other costs in connection with the Notes which we will no longer expect to incur over the term of the Notes. This discretionary election and the temporary reimbursement period are determined on the basis of a number of factors  including the tenor of the Notes and any agreement we may have with the distributors of the Notes. The amount of our estimated costs which we effectively reimburse to investors in this way may not be allocated ratably throughout the reimbursement period  and we may discontinue such reimbursement at any time or revise the duration of the reimbursement period after the Issue Date of the Notes based on changes in market conditions and other factors that cannot be predicted.Conflicts of Interest . TD Securities (USA) LLC is an affiliate of TD and  as such  has a “conflict of interest” in this offering within the meaning of Financial Industry Regulatory Authority  Inc. (“FINRA”) Rule 5121. If any other affiliate of TD  including but not limited to TD Ameritrade  Inc.  participates in this offering  that affiliate will also have a “conflict of interest” within the meaning of FINRA Rule 5121. In addition  TD will receive the net proceeds from the initial public offering of the Notes  thus creating an additional conflict of interest within the meaning of FINRA Rule 5121. This offering of the Notes will be conducted in compliance with the provisions of FINRA Rule 5121. In accordance with FINRA Rule 5121  neither TDS nor any other affiliate of ours is permitted to sell the Notes in this offering to an account over which it exercises discretionary authority without the prior specific written approval of the account holder.We may use this pricing supplement in the initial sale of the Notes. In addition  TD Securities (USA) LLC or another of our affiliates may use this pricing supplement in a market-making transaction in the Notes after their initial sale. Unless we or our agent informs the purchaser otherwise in the confirmation of sale  this pricing supplement is being used in a market-making transaction.Prohibition of Sales to EEA and United Kingdom Retail InvestorsThe Notes are not intended to be offered  sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered  sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area (“EEA”). For these purposes  a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU  as amended (“MiFID II”); (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive 2002/92/EC  as amended  where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Directive 2003/71/EC  as amended. Consequently  no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended  the “EU PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the EU PRIIPs Regulation.The Notes are not intended to be offered  sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered  sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom (the “UK”). For these purposes  a retail investor in the UK means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018  subject to amendments made by the Markets in Financial Instruments (Amendment) (EU Exit) Regulations 2018 (SI 2018/1403)  as may be amended or superseded from time to time (the “EUWA”); (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (the “FSMA”) and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97  where that customer would not qualify as a professional client  as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the Prospectus Regulation as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (“UK Prospectus Regulation”). Consequently  no key information document required by the PRIIPs Regulation as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,negative,0.02,0.25,0.73,True,English,"['TORONTO DOMINION BANK', 'Form 424B2', 'five Business Days’ prior written notice', 'U.S. Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation', 'Public Offering Price1 Underwriting Discount1', 'Canada Deposit Insurance Corporation Act', 'The Depository Trust Company', 'Canadian Bank Resolution Powers', 'Callable Fixed Rate Notes', 'The Toronto-Dominion Bank Issue', 'total “Underwriting Discount', 'last calendar day', 'electronic communications network', 'Optional Call Date', 'other governmental agency', 'bail-inable debt securities', 'Senior Debt Securities', 'fee-based advisory accounts', 'Series D Type', 'preliminary pricing supplement', 'Additional Risk Factors', 'Interest Payment Date', 'state securities commission', 'federal laws', 'underwriting discounts', 'Issue Date', 'CDIC Act', 'Pricing Date', 'securities exchange', 'Maturity Date', 'The Notes', 'credit risk', 'Registration Statement', 'savings accounts', 'insured deposits', 'United States', 'common shares', 'Special Provisions', 'criminal offense', 'available funds', 'Principal Amount', 'other dealers', 'sole discretion', 'hedge positions', 'market conditions', 'Supplemental Plan', 'Exchange Commission', 'Prospectus Supplement', 'selling concessions', '2 TD Securities', 'accompanying prospectus', 'Summary” section', 'detailed information', 'Rule', 'sale', 'Completion', 'April', 'March', 'CUSIP', 'ISIN', 'annum', 'January', 'July', 'October', 'part', 'payments', 'instrumentality', 'conversion', 'means', 'transaction', 'one', 'steps', 'affiliates', 'subsection', 'variation', 'extinguishment', 'consequence', 'application', 'Province', 'Ontario', 'respect', 'operation', 'Description', 'Risks', 'Investment', 'number', 'page', 'representation', 'contrary', 'book-entry', 'facilities', 'Proceeds', 'TD2', 'Security', 'fees', 'commissions', 'investors', 'USA', 'LLC', 'portion', 'connection', 'distribution', 'aggregate', 'time', 'Conflicts', 'Issuer']",2022-04-18,2022-04-18,streetinsider.com
3081,Euroclear,Bing API,https://sg.finance.yahoo.com/news/lundin-mining-announces-dates-annual-213000694.html,Lundin Mining Announces Dates of Annual Meeting of Shareholders and First Quarter 2022 Results,"How to Vote if Your Securities Trade on the Nasdaq Stockholm Exchange The information in this section is of significance to shareholders who hold their securities (""Euroclear Registered Securities"") through Euroclear Sweden AB  which securities trade on ...","Lundin Mining Logo (CNW Group/Lundin Mining Corporation)TORONTO  April 12  2022 /CNW/ - (TSX: LUN) (Nasdaq Stockholm: LUMI) Lundin Mining Corporation (""Lundin Mining"" or the ""Company"") today announces that its Annual Meeting will be held on Thursday  May 12  2022 (the ""Meeting"") at 10:00 a.m. ET via live audio webcast online at www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/lun2022. The Notice of Meeting  the accompanying Management Proxy Circular (the ""Circular"") and related meeting materials are now available under the Company's profile on SEDAR at www.sedar.com and on the Company's website at https://lundinmining.com/investors/corporate-filings/. Additionally  the Company announces that the report for the first quarter ended March 31  2022 will be published on Wednesday  April 27  2022.The ongoing impact of the COVID-19 pandemic and the potential for changes in public health guidelines and restrictions respecting large group gatherings make it unclear as to whether it will be safe or permissible for the Meeting to be held in person this year. Therefore  to ensure the health and safety of the employees  shareholders and representatives of the Corporation  we have made arrangements to enable shareholders and proxyholders to attend and vote virtually at this year's Meeting.The record date for the Annual Meeting is March 25  2022. Meeting materials were mailed to shareholders on or about April 12  2022. Eligible Shareholders are encouraged to vote online  by telephone or by proxy. Detailed information on how shareholders can participate in the Meeting and vote is available in the Circular. The Circular provides additional information relating to the below items for consideration at the Meeting.The Meeting is being held for the following purposes:To receive the audited consolidated financial statements of the Corporation for the year ended December 31  2021 and the report of the auditors thereon;To elect the directors for the ensuing year;To appoint PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP  Chartered Professional Accountants  Licensed Public Accountants as auditors of the Corporation for the ensuing year  and to authorize the directors to fix the remuneration to be paid to the auditors;To provide shareholders with an advisory vote on Executive Compensation;To transact such further and other business as may properly be brought before the Meeting or any adjournment or postponement thereof.Story continuesNotice and AccessLundin Mining is using notice and access to provide shareholders with easy electronic access to the Circular  other meeting materials and to copies of the Company's audited consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31  2021  the auditor's report on those statements and the associated management's discussion and analysis  rather than mailing paper copies. This shift to electronic delivery is environmentally friendly and saves money.Electronic copies of these materials will be available online at the Company's website at www.lundingmining.com/investors/corporate-filings or under the Company's profile on SEDAR at www.sedar.com. The notice shareholders receive will include information on how to obtain a paper copy of the Circular or associated materials if preferred.How to Vote if Your Securities Trade on the Nasdaq Stockholm ExchangeThe information in this section is of significance to shareholders who hold their securities (""Euroclear Registered Securities"") through Euroclear Sweden AB  which securities trade on the Nasdaq Stockholm Exchange. Shareholders who hold Euroclear Registered Securities are not registered holders of voting securities for the purposes of voting at the Meeting. Instead  Euroclear Registered Securities are registered under CDS & Co.  the registration name of the Canadian Depositary for Securities. Holders of Euroclear Registered Securities will receive a Form of Proxy (the ""Swedish Proxy"") by mail directly from Computershare AB (""Computershare Sweden""). The Swedish Proxy cannot be used to vote securities directly at the Meeting. Instead  the Swedish Proxy must be completed and returned to Computershare Sweden  strictly in accordance with the instructions and deadlines that will be described in the instructions provided with the Swedish Proxy.First Quarter 2022 Results Conference Call and WebcastThe Company will hold a telephone conference call and webcast at 08:00 ET  14:00 CET on Thursday  April 28  2022. Conference call details are provided below. Please dial in 15 minutes prior to the call start to ensure placement into the conference on time.Call-in number for the conference call (North America): +1 647 788 4922Call-in number for the conference call (North America Toll Free): +1 877 223 4471Call-in number for the conference call (UK): 080 037 63133To view the live webcast presentation  please log on using this direct link:https://app.webinar.net/6exYw1Ywv3EThe presentation slideshow will also be available in PDF format on the Lundin Mining website www.lundinmining.com before the conference call.A replay of the telephone conference will be available after the completion of the call until May 28  2022.Call-in numbers for the replay are (North America): +1 800 585 8367 or (internationally) +1 416 621 4642The passcode for the replay is: 1927886A replay of the webcast will be available by clicking on the direct link above.About Lundin MiningLundin Mining is a diversified Canadian base metals mining company with operations in Brazil  Chile  Portugal  Sweden and the United States of America  primarily producing copper  zinc  gold and nickel.The information was submitted for publication  through the agency of the contact persons set out below on April 12  2022 at 17:30 Eastern Time.Lundin Mining Announces Dates of Annual Meeting of Shareholders and First Quarter 2022 Results (CNW Group/Lundin Mining Corporation)SOURCE Lundin Mining CorporationCisionView original content to download multimedia: http://www.newswire.ca/en/releases/archive/April2022/12/c9212.html",neutral,0.04,0.91,0.04,mixed,0.44,0.22,0.34,True,English,"['First Quarter 2022 Results', 'Lundin Mining', 'Annual Meeting', 'Dates', 'Shareholders', 'First Quarter 2022 Results Conference Call', 'accompanying Management Proxy Circular', 'large group gatherings', 'Chartered Professional Accountants', 'consolidated financial statements', 'Lundin Mining Logo', 'Nasdaq Stockholm Exchange', 'live audio webcast', 'North America Toll', 'Euroclear Sweden AB', 'Euroclear Registered Securities', 'Conference call details', 'public health guidelines', 'live webcast presentation', 'Lundin Mining Corporation', 'easy electronic access', 'Lundin Mining website', 'related meeting materials', 'telephone conference call', 'The Swedish Proxy', 'other meeting materials', 'Public Accountants', 'associated management', 'other business', 'Computershare AB', 'presentation slideshow', 'electronic delivery', 'Computershare Sweden', 'registered holders', 'associated materials', 'CNW Group', 'TSX: LUN', 'ongoing impact', 'COVID-19 pandemic', 'record date', 'PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP', 'Executive Compensation', 'Electronic copies', 'paper copy', 'Securities Trade', 'registration name', 'Canadian Depositary', 'direct link', 'PDF format', 'The Circular', 'paper copies', 'Detailed information', 'additional information', 'following purposes', 'advisory vote', 'voting securities', 'Annual Meeting', 'ensuing year', 'Eligible Shareholders', 'The Company', 'notice shareholders', 'TORONTO', 'April', 'LUMI', 'Thursday', 'May', '10:00 a', 'virtualshareholdermeeting', 'lun2022', 'profile', 'SEDAR', 'lundinmining', 'investors', 'corporate-filings', 'report', 'Wednesday', 'potential', 'changes', 'restrictions', 'person', 'safety', 'employees', 'representatives', 'arrangements', 'proxyholders', 'March', 'items', 'consideration', 'auditors', 'directors', 'remuneration', 'adjournment', 'postponement', 'Story', 'discussion', 'analysis', 'shift', 'money', 'lundingmining', 'section', 'significance', 'CDS', 'Co.', 'mail', 'accordance', 'instructions', 'deadlines', '15 minutes', 'placement', 'time', 'number', 'UK', 'webinar', 'exYw1Ywv3E', 'replay', '08:00', '14:00']",2022-04-18,2022-04-18,sg.finance.yahoo.com
3082,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,How Splitit's new CEO plans to make BNPL more bank-friendly #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/BX1qirdwtg #regtech,nan,How Splitit's new CEO plans to make BNPL more bank-friendly #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/BX1qirdwtg #regtech,neutral,0.05,0.93,0.02,neutral,0.05,0.93,0.02,True,English,"['new CEO', 'Splitit', 'BNPL', 'BX1qirdwtg', 'regtech', 'new CEO', 'Splitit', 'BNPL', 'BX1qirdwtg', 'regtech']",2022-04-18,2022-04-18,Unknown
3083,Clearstream,Google API,https://www.streetinsider.com/SEC+Filings/Form+424B2+TORONTO+DOMINION+BANK/19923751.html,Form 424B2 TORONTO DOMINION BANK,4 hours ago,Filed Pursuant to Rule 424(b)(2)Registration Statement No. 333-262557The information in this preliminary pricing supplement is not complete and may be changed. This preliminary pricing supplement is not an offer to sell nor does it seek an offer to buy these Notes in any state where the offer or sale is not permitted.Subject to Completion  dated April 18  2022Pricing Supplement dated   2022 to theProspectus Supplement dated March 4  2022 andProspectus dated March 4  2022The Toronto-Dominion Bank $[ ● ] Callable Fixed Rate Notes Due April 30  2024The Toronto-Dominion Bank (“TD” or “we”) is offering the Callable Fixed Rate Notes due April 30  2024 (the “Notes”) described below.CUSIP / ISIN: 89114VCW5 / US89114VCW54The Notes will accrue interest at a fixed rate of 3.00% per annum from and including the Issue Date to but excluding the Maturity Date.TD will pay interest on the Notes on the last calendar day of each January  April  July and October (each  an “Interest Payment Date”)   commencing on July 31  2022 and ending on the Maturity Date .TD may  at its option  elect to redeem the Notes in whole  but not in part  on the last calendar day of each January  April  July and October (each  an “Optional Call Date”)  upon five Business Days’ prior written notice  commencing on July 31  2022  and ending on the Interest Payment Date immediately preceding the Maturity Date. Any payments on the Notes are subject to the credit risk of TD. The Notes are unsecured and are not savings accounts or insured deposits of a bank. The Notes are not insured or guaranteed by the Canada Deposit Insurance Corporation (the “CDIC”)  the U.S. Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation or any other governmental agency or instrumentality of Canada or the United States.The Notes are bail-inable debt securities (as defined in the prospectus) and subject to conversion in whole or in part – by means of a transaction or series of transactions and in one or more steps – into common shares of TD or any of its affiliates under subsection 39.2(2.3) of the Canada Deposit Insurance Corporation Act (the “CDIC Act”) and to variation or extinguishment in consequence  and subject to the application of the laws of the Province of Ontario and the federal laws of Canada applicable therein in respect of the operation of the CDIC Act with respect to the Notes. See “Description of the Debt Securities―Special Provisions Related to Bail-inable Debt Securities”  “Canadian Bank Resolution Powers” and “Risk Factors—Risks Related to the Bank’s Bail-inable Debt Securities” in the accompanying prospectus.The Notes will not be listed or displayed on any securities exchange or any electronic communications network.Investment in the Notes involves a number of risks. See “Additional Risk Factors” beginning on page P-5 of this pricing supplement  “Risk Factors” beginning on page S-4 of the prospectus supplement dated March 4  2022 (the “prospectus supplement”) and “Risk Factors” beginning on page 1 of the prospectus dated March 4  2022 (the “prospectus”).Neither the Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”) nor any state securities commission has approved or disapproved of these Notes or determined that this pricing supplement  the prospectus supplement or the prospectus is truthful or complete. Any representation to the contrary is a criminal offense.We will deliver the Notes in book-entry only form through the facilities of The Depository Trust Company on the Issue Date  against payment in immediately available funds.Public Offering Price1 Underwriting Discount1 2 Proceeds to TD2 Per Security $1 000.00 Up to $18.50 At least $ 981.50 Total $ $ $1 Certain dealers who purchase the Notes for sale to certain fee-based advisory accounts may forgo some or all of their selling concessions  fees or commissions. The public offering price for investors purchasing the Notes in these accounts may be as low as $985.00 (98.50%) per $1 000 Principal Amount of the Notes.2 TD Securities (USA) LLC will receive a commission of up to $18.50 (1.85%) per $1 000 Principal Amount of the Notes and may use all or a portion of that commission to allow selling concessions to other dealers in connection with the distribution of the Notes. The other dealers may forgo  in their sole discretion  some or all of their selling concessions. The total “Underwriting Discount” and “Proceeds to TD” to be specified above will reflect the aggregate of the underwriting discounts per Note at the time TD established any hedge positions on or prior to the Pricing Date  which may be variable and fluctuate depending on market conditions at such times. See “Supplemental Plan of Distribution (Conflicts of Interest)” herein.Callable Fixed Rate Notes Due April 30  2024SummaryThe information in this “Summary” section is qualified by the more detailed information set forth in this pricing supplement  the prospectus supplement and the prospectus.Issuer: The Toronto-Dominion Bank Issue: Senior Debt Securities  Series D Type of Note: Callable Fixed Rate Notes CUSIP / ISIN: 89114VCW5 / US 89114VCW54 Underwriter: TD Securities (USA) LLC Currency: U.S. Dollars Minimum Investment: $1 000 and minimum denominations of $1 000 in excess thereof. Principal Amount: $1 000 per Note Issue Price: 100% of the Principal Amount per Note Pricing Date: April 26  2022 Issue Date: April 29  2022  which is the third DTC settlement day following the Pricing Date. Under Rule 15c6-1 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934  as amended (the “Exchange Act”)  trades in the secondary market generally are required to settle in two DTC settlement days (“T+2”)  unless the parties to a trade expressly agree otherwise. Accordingly  purchasers who wish to trade the Notes in the secondary market on any date prior to two DTC settlement days before delivery of the Notes will be required  by virtue of the fact that each Note initially will settle in three DTC settlement days (“T+3”)  to specify alternative settlement arrangements to prevent a failed settlement of the secondary market trade. Maturity Date: April 30  2024   subject to redemption by TD prior to the Maturity Date as set forth below under “Redemption”. If the Maturity Date is not a Business Day  the Principal Amount will be paid on the on the next Business Day. Payment at Maturity If the Notes have not been redeemed by us  as described elsewhere in this pricing supplement  TD will pay you the Principal Amount of your Notes plus any accrued and unpaid interest. Interest Rate: 3.00% per annum  payable on each Interest Payment Date  in arrears from and including the Issue Date to but excluding the Maturity Date Day Count Fraction: 30/360 For the avoidance of doubt  each month is deemed to have 30 days and each year is deemed to have 360 days. Therefore  each interest period is deemed to have 90 days and each year is deemed to have 360 days  resulting in equal interest payments. Interest Payment Dates: The last calendar day of each January  April  July and October  commencing on July 31  2022 and ending on the Maturity Date. If an Interest Payment Date is not a Business Day  interest shall be paid on the next Business Day  without adjustment for period end dates and no interest shall be paid in respect of the delay. Redemption: The Notes are redeemable by TD  in whole  but not in part  on any Optional Call Date at 100% of their Principal Amount together with accrued and unpaid interest from and including the previous Interest Payment Date  to  but excluding the applicable Optional Call Date. TD will provide written notice to DTC at least five (5) Business Days prior to the applicable Optional Call Date. In the event TD gives notice to DTC of its intention to redeem the Notes  the decision to give such notice will be subject to the prior approval of the Superintendent of Financial Institutions if such redemption would lead to a breach of TD’s Total Loss Absorbing Capacity requirements.Optional Call Dates: The last calendar day of January  April  July and October of each year  commencing on July 31  2022  and ending on the Interest Payment Date immediately preceding the Maturity Date. If an Optional Call Date is not a Business Day  then the Notes will be redeemed on the next Business Day and no interest shall be paid in respect of the delay. Business Day: Any day that is a Monday  Tuesday  Wednesday  Thursday or Friday that is neither a legal holiday nor a day on which banking institutions are authorized or required by law to close in New York City. U.S. Tax Treatment: The Notes should be treated for U.S. federal income tax purposes as fixed rate debt instruments that are issued without original issue discount  as discussed further herein under “Material U.S. Federal Income Tax Consequences”. Canadian Tax Treatment: Please see the discussion under the caption “Tax Consequences—Canadian Taxation” in the prospectus  which applies to your Notes. Calculation Agent: TD Listing: The Notes will not be listed or displayed on any securities exchange or any electronic communications network. Clearance and Settlement: DTC Global (including through its indirect participants Euroclear and Clearstream  Luxembourg) as described under “Description of the Debt Securities—Forms of the Debt Securities” and “Ownership  Book-Entry Procedures and Settlement” in the prospectus. Terms Incorporated in the Master Note: All of the terms appearing above the item captioned “Listing” above and the terms appearing under the caption “Description of the Notes We May Offer” in the prospectus supplement  as modified by this pricing supplement. Canadian Bail-in Powers: The Notes are bail-inable debt securities (as defined in the prospectus) and subject to conversion in whole or in part – by means of a transaction or series of transactions and in one or more steps – into common shares of the Bank or any of its affiliates under subsection 39.2(2.3) of the Canada Deposit Insurance Corporation Act (the “CDIC Act”) and to variation or extinguishment in consequence  and subject to the application of the laws of the Province of Ontario and the federal laws of Canada applicable therein in respect of the operation of the CDIC Act with respect to the Notes. See “Description of the Debt Securities―Special Provisions Related to Bail-inable Debt Securities”  “Canadian Bank Resolution Powers” and “Risk Factors—Risks Related to the Bank’s Bail-inable Debt Securities” in the prospectus for a description of provisions and risks applicable to the Notes as a result of Canadian bail-in powers. Agreement with Respect to the Exercise of Canadian Bail-in Powers: By its acquisition of an interest in any Note  each holder or beneficial owner of that Note is deemed to (i) agree to be bound  in respect of the Notes  by the CDIC Act  including the conversion of the Notes  in whole or in part – by means of a transaction or series of transactions and in one or more steps – into common shares of the Bank or any of its affiliates under subsection 39.2(2.3) of the CDIC Act and the variation or extinguishment of the Notes in consequence  and by the application of the laws of the Province of Ontario and the federal laws of Canada applicable therein in respect of the operation of the CDIC Act with respect to the Notes; (ii) attorn and submit to the jurisdiction of the courts in the Province of Ontario with respect to the CDIC Act and those laws; and (iii) acknowledge and agree that the terms referred to in paragraphs (i) and (ii)  above  are binding on that holder or beneficial owner despite any provisions in the indenture or the Notes  any other law that governs the Notes and any other agreement  arrangement or understanding between that holder or beneficial owner and the Bank with respect to the Notes. Holders and beneficial owners of Notes will have no further rights in respect of their bail-inable debt securities to the extent those bail-inable debt securities are converted in a bail-in conversion  other than those provided under the bail-in regime  and by its acquisition of an interest in any Note  each holder or beneficial owner of that Note is deemed to irrevocably consent to the converted portion of the Principal Amount of that Note and any accrued and unpaid interest thereon being deemed paid in full by the Bank by the issuance of common shares of the Bank (or  if applicable  any of its affiliates) upon the occurrence of a bail-in conversion  which bail-in conversion will occur without any further action on the part of that holder or beneficial owner or the trustee; provided that  for the avoidance of doubt  this consent will not limit or otherwise affect any rights that holders or beneficial owners may have under the bail-in regime. See “Description of the Debt Securities―Special Provisions Related to Bail-inable Debt Securities”  “Canadian Bank Resolution Powers” and “Risk Factors—Risks Related to the Bank’s Bail-inable Debt Securities” in the prospectus for a description of provisions and risks applicable to the Notes as a result of Canadian bail-in powers.The Pricing Date  the Issue Date and all other dates listed above are subject to change. These dates will be set forth in the final pricing supplement that will be made available in connection with sales of the Notes.Additional Terms of Your NotesYou should read this pricing supplement together with the prospectus  as supplemented by the prospectus supplement  relating to our Senior Debt Securities  Series D  of which these Notes are a part. Capitalized terms used but not defined in this pricing supplement will have the meanings given to them in the prospectus supplement. In the event of any conflict  this pricing supplement will control. The Notes vary from the terms described in the prospectus supplement in several important ways. You should read this pricing supplement carefully.This pricing supplement  together with the documents listed below  contains the terms of the Notes and supersedes all prior or contemporaneous oral statements as well as any other written materials including preliminary or indicative pricing terms  correspondence  trade ideas  structures for implementation  sample structures  brochures or other educational materials of ours. You should carefully consider  among other things  the matters set forth in “Additional Risk Factors” of this pricing supplement and “Risk Factors” of the prospectus supplement and the prospectus  as the Notes involve risks not associated with conventional debt securities. We urge you to consult your investment  legal  tax  accounting and other advisors concerning an investment in the Notes. You may access these documents on the SEC website at www.sec.gov as follows (or if that address has changed  by reviewing our filings for the relevant date on the SEC website):◾ Prospectus dated March 4  2022:◾ Prospectus Supplement dated March 4  2022:Our Central Index Key  or CIK  on the SEC website is 0000947263. As used in this pricing supplement  the “Bank ” “we ” “us ” or “our” refers to The Toronto-Dominion Bank and its subsidiaries.We reserve the right to change the terms of  or reject any offer to purchase  the Notes prior to their issuance. In the event of any changes to the terms of the Notes  we will notify you and you will be asked to accept such changes in connection with your purchase. You may also choose to reject such changes  in which case we may reject your offer to purchase.Additional Risk FactorsThe Notes involve risks not associated with an investment in ordinary fixed rate notes. This section describes the most significant risks relating to the terms of the Notes. For additional information as to these risks  please see the prospectus supplement and the prospectus.You should carefully consider whether the Notes are suited to your particular circumstances. Accordingly  you should consult your investment  legal  tax  accounting and other advisors as to the risks entailed by an investment in the Notes and the suitability of the Notes in light of your particular circumstances.Risks Relating to Structure and Credit CharacteristicsInvestors Are Subject to Our Credit Risk  and Our Credit Ratings and Credit Spreads May Adversely Affect the Market Value of the Notes.Investors are dependent on TD’s ability to pay all amounts due on the Notes on the Interest Payment Dates and the Maturity Date  and  therefore  investors are subject to the credit risk of TD and to changes in the market’s view of TD’s creditworthiness. Any decrease in TD’s credit ratings or increase in the credit spreads charged by the market for taking TD’s credit risk is likely to adversely affect the market value of the Notes. If TD becomes unable to meet its financial obligations as they become due  investors may not receive any amounts due under the terms of the Notes.The Notes will be Subject to Risks  Including Conversion in Whole or in Part — by Means of a Transaction or Series of Transactions and in One or More Steps — into Common Shares of TD or Any of its Affiliates  Under Canadian Bank Resolution Powers.Under Canadian bank resolution powers  the CDIC may  in circumstances where TD has ceased  or is about to cease  to be viable  assume temporary control or ownership of TD and may be granted broad powers by one or more orders of the Governor in Council (Canada)  including the power to sell or dispose of all or a part of the assets of TD  and the power to carry out or cause TD to carry out a transaction or a series of transactions the purpose of which is to restructure the business of TD. If the CDIC were to take action under the Canadian bank resolution powers with respect to TD  this could result in holders or beneficial owners of the Notes being exposed to losses and conversion of the Notes in whole or in part — by means of a transaction or series of transactions and in one or more steps — into common shares of TD or any of its affiliates.As a result  you should consider the risk that you may lose all or part of your investment  including the Principal Amount plus any accrued interest  if the CDIC were to take action under the Canadian bank resolution powers  including the bail-in regime  and that any remaining outstanding Notes  or common shares of TD or any of its affiliates into which the Notes are converted  may be of little value at the time of a bail-in conversion and thereafter. See “Description of the Debt Securities―Special Provisions Related to Bail-inable Debt Securities”  “Canadian Bank Resolution Powers” and “Risk Factors—Risks Related to the Bank’s Bail-inable Debt Securities” in the accompanying prospectus for a description of provisions and risks applicable to the Notes as a result of Canadian bail-in powers.The Notes Are Subject to Early Redemption at TD's Option.TD has the option to redeem the Notes on any Optional Call Date as set forth above. It is more likely that we will redeem the Notes prior to the Maturity Date in the event that the interest payable on the Notes is greater than the interest that would be payable on our other instruments of a comparable maturity  terms and credit rating trading in the market. If the Notes are redeemed prior to their stated Maturity Date  you may have to re-invest the proceeds in a lower rate environment.Risks Relating to Valuation and LiquidityThe Agent Discount  Offering Expenses and Certain Hedging Costs Are Likely to Adversely Affect Secondary Market Prices.Assuming no changes in market conditions or any other relevant factors  the price  if any  at which you may be able to sell the Notes will likely be less than the public offering price. The public offering price includes  and any price quoted to you is likely to exclude  the underwriting discount paid in connection with the initial distribution  offering expenses as well as the cost of hedging our obligations under the Notes. In addition  any such price is also likely to reflect dealer discounts  mark-ups and other transaction costs  such as a discount to account for costs associated with establishing or unwinding any related hedge transaction.There May Not Be an Active Trading Market for the Notes — Sales in the Secondary Market May Result in Significant Losses.There may be little or no secondary market for the Notes. The Notes will not be listed or displayed on any securities exchange or any electronic communications network. TD Securities (USA) LLC and other affiliates of TD may make a market for the Notes; however  they are not required to do so. TD Securities (USA) LLC or any other affiliate of TD may stop any market-making activities at any time. Even if a secondary market for the Notes develops  it may not provide significant liquidity or trade at prices advantageous to you. We expect that transaction costs in any secondary market would be high. As a result  the difference between bid and ask prices for your Notes in any secondary market could be substantial.If you sell your Notes before the Maturity Date  you may have to do so at a substantial discount from the Issue Price  and as a result  you may suffer substantial losses.The Temporary Price at Which the Underwriter May Initially Buy The Notes in the Secondary Market May Exceed Other Secondary Market Values and  Depending on Your Broker  the Valuation Provided on Your Customer Account Statements May Not Be Indicative of Future Prices of Your Notes.Assuming that all relevant factors remain constant after the Pricing Date  the price at which the Underwriter may initially buy or sell the Notes in the secondary market (if the Underwriter makes a market in the Notes  which it is not obligated to do) may  for a temporary period after the Pricing Date of the Notes  exceed the secondary market value of the Notes  as discussed further under “Supplemental Plan of Distribution (Conflicts of Interest).” During this temporary period such prices may  depending on your broker  be greater than the valuation provided on your customer account statements; you should inquire with your broker as to the valuation provided on your customer account statement. The price at which the Underwriter may initially buy or sell the Notes in the secondary market may not be indicative of future prices of your Notes.Risks Relating to Canadian and U.S. Federal Income TaxationSignificant Aspects of the Tax Treatment of the Notes May Be Uncertain.The U.S. tax treatment of the Notes may be uncertain. Please read carefully the section entitled “Material U.S. Federal Income Tax Consequences” below. You should consult your tax advisor about your tax situation.For a discussion of the Canadian federal income tax consequences of investing in the Notes  please see “Tax Consequences—Canadian Taxation” in the prospectus. If you are not a Non-resident Holder (as that term is defined in “Canadian Taxation” in the prospectus) for Canadian federal income tax purposes or if you acquire the Notes in the secondary market  you should consult your tax advisors as to the consequences of acquiring  holding and disposing of the Notes and receiving the payments that might be due under the Notes.Material U.S. Federal Income Tax ConsequencesGeneral The following discussion summarizes certain U.S. federal income tax consequences to U.S. Holders of the purchase  beneficial ownership and disposition of the Notes. This discussion replaces the federal income tax discussions in the prospectus supplement and prospectus. The discussion herein does not address the consequences to taxpayers subject to special tax accounting rules under Section 451(b) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986  as amended (the “Code”).For purposes of this summary  a “U.S. Holder” is a beneficial owner of a Note that is:• an individual who is a citizen or a resident of the U.S.  for U.S. federal income tax purposes;• a corporation (or other entity that is treated as a corporation for U.S. federal income tax purposes) that is created or organized in or under the laws of the U.S. or any State thereof (including the District of Columbia);• an estate whose income is subject to U.S. federal income taxation regardless of its source; or• a trust if a court within the U.S. is able to exercise primary supervision over its administration  and one or more U.S. persons  for U.S. federal income tax purposes  have the authority to control all of its substantial decisions.For purposes of this summary  a “Non-U.S. Holder” is a beneficial owner of a Note that is:• a nonresident alien individual for federal income tax purposes;• a foreign corporation for federal income tax purposes; or• an estate or trust whose income is not subject to federal income tax on a net income basis.An individual may  subject to certain exceptions  be deemed to be a resident of the U.S. for U.S. federal income tax purposes by reason of being present in the U.S. for 31 days or more in the calendar year and for an aggregate of 183 days or more during a three year period ending in the current calendar year (counting for such purposes all of the days present in the current year  one third of the days present in the immediately preceding year  and one sixth of the days present in the second preceding year).This summary is based on interpretations of the Code  regulations issued thereunder  and rulings and decisions currently in effect (or in some cases proposed)  all of which are subject to change. Any such change may be applied retroactively and may materially and adversely affect the U.S. federal income tax consequences described herein. In addition  this summary addresses only holders that purchase Notes at initial issuance  and own Notes as capital assets and not as part of a “straddle ” “hedge ” “synthetic security ” or a “conversion transaction” for U.S. federal income tax purposes or as part of some other integrated investment. This summary does not discuss all of the tax consequences (such as any alternative minimum tax consequences) that may be relevant to particular investors or to investors subject to special treatment under the U.S. federal income tax laws (such as banks  thrifts or other financial institutions; insurance companies; securities dealers or brokers  or traders in securities electing mark-to-market treatment; regulated investment companies or real estate investment trusts; small business investment companies; S corporations; partnerships; or investors that hold their Notes through a partnership or other entity treated as a partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes; holders whose functional currency is not the U.S. dollar; certain former citizens or residents of the U.S.; retirement plans or other tax-exempt entities  or persons holding the Notes in tax-deferred or tax-advantaged accounts; persons that purchase or sell the Notes as part of a wash sale for tax purposes; or “controlled foreign corporations” or “passive foreign investment companies” for U.S. federal income tax purposes). This summary also does not address the tax consequences to shareholders  or other equity holders in  or beneficiaries of  a holder  or any state  local or non-U.S. tax consequences of the purchase  ownership or disposition of the Notes. Persons considering the purchase of Notes should consult their tax advisors concerning the application of U.S. federal income tax laws to their particular situations as well as any consequences of the purchase  beneficial ownership and disposition of Notes arising under the laws of any other taxing jurisdiction.U.S. Federal Income Tax Treatment of the NotesWhile there is no authority that specifically addresses the U.S. federal income tax treatment of bail-inable debt securities such as the Notes  the Notes should be treated as indebtedness for U.S. federal income tax purposes  and the balance of this summary assumes that such Notes are treated as indebtedness for U.S. federal income tax purposes. However  the U.S. Internal Revenue Service (the “IRS”) could assert that the Notes should be treated as equity for U.S. federal income tax purposes. Nevertheless  treatment of the Notes as equity for U.S. federal income tax purposes should not result in inclusions of income with respect to the Notes that are materially different from those if the Notes are treated as indebtedness. If the Notes were treated as equity  it is unlikely that interest payments on the Notes that are treated as dividends for U.S. federal income tax purposes would be treated as “qualified dividend income” for U.S. federal income tax purposes and  if such dividends were not treated as qualified dividend income  amounts treated as dividends would be taxed at ordinary income tax rates. You should consult with your tax advisor regarding the appropriate characterization of bail-inable debt securities for U.S. federal income tax purposes  and the U.S. federal income and other tax consequences of any bail-in conversion.The Notes should be treated as indebtedness for U.S. federal income tax purposes as discussed above  with interest payments on the Notes taxable to a U.S. Holder as ordinary interest income at the time it accrues or is received in accordance with the U.S. Holder’s normal method of accounting for tax purposes. Pursuant to the terms of the Notes  you agree to treat the Notes consistent with our treatment for all U.S. federal income tax purposes. We do not plan to request a ruling from the IRS regarding the tax treatment of the Notes  and the IRS or a court may not agree with the tax treatment described in this pricing supplement. We urge you to consult your tax advisor as to the tax consequences of your investment in the Notes.Based on certain factual representations received from us  our special U.S. tax counsel  Fried  Frank  Harris  Shriver & Jacobson LLP  is of the opinion that the Notes should be treated in the manner described above. However  the U.S. federal income tax treatment of the Notes is uncertain.Sale  Exchange  Early Redemption or Maturity of the NotesUpon the disposition of a Note by sale  exchange  early redemption  maturity or other taxable disposition  a U.S. Holder should generally recognize taxable gain or loss equal to the difference between (1) the amount realized on such taxable disposition (other than amounts attributable to accrued but untaxed interest) and (2) the U.S. Holder’s adjusted tax basis in the Note. A U.S. Holder’s adjusted tax basis in a Note generally will equal the U.S. Holder’s cost of the Note. Because the Note is held as a “capital asset”  as defined in Section 1221 of the Code  such gain or loss will generally constitute capital gain or loss. Capital gain of a non-corporate U.S. Holder is generally taxed at preferential rates where the holder has a holding period of greater than one year. The deductibility of a capital loss realized on the taxable disposition of a Note is subject to limitations.Medicare Tax on Net Investment IncomeU.S. Holders that are individuals  estates or certain trusts are subject to an additional 3.8% tax on all or a portion of their “net investment income ” or “undistributed net investment income” in the case of an estate or trust  which may include any income or gain realized with respect to the Notes  to the extent of their net investment income or undistributed net investment income (as the case may be) that  when added to their other modified adjusted gross income  exceeds $200 000 for an unmarried individual  $250 000 for a married taxpayer filing a joint return (or a surviving spouse)  $125 000 for a married individual filing a separate return or the dollar amount at which the highest tax bracket begins for an estate or trust. The 3.8% Medicare tax is determined in a different manner than the income tax. U.S. holders should consult their tax advisors as to the consequences of the 3.8% Medicare tax.Specified Foreign Financial AssetsCertain U.S. Holders that own “specified foreign financial assets” in excess of an applicable threshold may be subject to reporting obligations with respect to such assets with their tax returns  especially if such assets are held outside the custody of a U.S. financial institution. U.S. Holders are urged to consult their tax advisors as to the application of this reporting obligation to their ownership of the Notes.Tax Treatment of Non-U.S. HoldersIn general and subject to the discussion below  payments on the Notes to a Non-U.S. Holder and gain realized on the sale  exchange  early redemption  maturity or other taxable disposition of the Notes by a Non-U.S. Holder will not be subject to U.S. federal income or withholding tax  unless (1) such income is effectively connected with a trade or business conducted by such Non-U.S. Holder in the U.S.  (2) in the case of gain  such Non-U.S. Holder is a nonresident alien individual who holds the Notes as a capital asset and is present in the U.S. for 183 days or more in the taxable year of the sale and certain other conditions are satisfied  (3) such Non-U.S. Holder fails to provide the relevant correct  complete and executed IRS Form W-8 or (4) such Non-U.S. Holder has certain other present or former connections with the U.S.Backup Withholding and Information ReportingInterest paid on  and the proceeds received from a sale  exchange  early redemption  maturity or other taxable disposition of Notes held by a U.S. Holder will be subject to information reporting unless the U.S. Holder is an “exempt recipient” and may also be subject to backup withholding if the holder fails to provide certain identifying information (such as an accurate taxpayer number) or meet certain other conditions. Amounts withheld under the backup withholding rules are not additional taxes and may be refunded or credited against your U.S. federal income tax liability  provided the required information is furnished to the IRS.Payments of principal and interest on  and proceeds from the taxable disposition of  Notes held by a Non-U.S. Holder to or through certain brokers may be subject to a backup withholding tax on “reportable payments” unless  in general  such Non-U.S. Holder complies with certain procedures or is an exempt recipient. Any such amounts so withheld from distributions on the Notes generally will be refunded by the IRS or allowed as a credit against such Non-U.S. Holder’s federal income tax  provided such Non-U.S. Holder makes a timely filing of an appropriate tax return or refund claim. Reports will be made to the IRS and to holders that are not excepted from the reporting requirements.Both U.S. and Non-U.S. Holders should consult their tax advisors regarding the U.S. federal income tax consequences of an investment in the Notes  as well as any tax consequences arising under the laws of any state  local or non-U.S. taxing jurisdiction (including that of TD).Supplemental Plan of Distribution (Conflicts of Interest)We have appointed TD Securities (USA) LLC  an affiliate of TD  as the agent for the sale of the Notes. Pursuant to the terms of a distribution agreement  TD Securities (USA) LLC will purchase the Notes from TD at the public offering price less the underwriting discount set forth on the cover page of this pricing supplement for distribution to other registered broker-dealers. Such other registered broker-dealers will offer the Notes at the public offering price set forth on the cover page of this pricing supplement. Certain dealers who purchase the Notes for sale to certain fee-based advisory accounts may forgo some or all of their selling concessions  fees or commissions. The public offering price for investors purchasing the Notes in these accounts may be as low as $985.00 (98.50%) per $1 000 Principal Amount of the Notes. TD Securities (USA) LLC will receive a commission of up to $18.50 (1.85%) per $1 000 Principal Amount of the Notes and may use all or a portion of that commission to allow selling concessions to other dealers in connection with the distribution of the Notes. The other dealers may forgo  in their sole discretion  some or all of their selling concessions. The total “Underwriting Discount” and “Proceeds to TD” to be specified on the cover hereof will reflect the aggregate of the underwriting discounts per Note at the time TD established any hedge positions on or prior to the Pricing Date  which may be variable and fluctuate depending on market conditions at such times.Assuming that all relevant factors remain constant after the Pricing Date  the price at which the Underwriter may initially buy or sell the Notes in the secondary market  if any  may  for a temporary period expected to be approximately 18 months after the Issue Date  exceed the secondary market value of the Notes because  in our discretion  we may elect to effectively reimburse to investors a portion of the estimated cost of hedging our obligations under the Notes and other costs in connection with the Notes which we will no longer expect to incur over the term of the Notes. This discretionary election and the temporary reimbursement period are determined on the basis of a number of factors  including the tenor of the Notes and any agreement we may have with the distributors of the Notes. The amount of our estimated costs which we effectively reimburse to investors in this way may not be allocated ratably throughout the reimbursement period  and we may discontinue such reimbursement at any time or revise the duration of the reimbursement period after the Issue Date of the Notes based on changes in market conditions and other factors that cannot be predicted.Conflicts of Interest . TD Securities (USA) LLC is an affiliate of TD and  as such  has a “conflict of interest” in this offering within the meaning of Financial Industry Regulatory Authority  Inc. (“FINRA”) Rule 5121. If any other affiliate of TD  including but not limited to TD Ameritrade  Inc.  participates in this offering  that affiliate will also have a “conflict of interest” within the meaning of FINRA Rule 5121. In addition  TD will receive the net proceeds from the initial public offering of the Notes  thus creating an additional conflict of interest within the meaning of FINRA Rule 5121. This offering of the Notes will be conducted in compliance with the provisions of FINRA Rule 5121. In accordance with FINRA Rule 5121  neither TDS nor any other affiliate of ours is permitted to sell the Notes in this offering to an account over which it exercises discretionary authority without the prior specific written approval of the account holder.We may use this pricing supplement in the initial sale of the Notes. In addition  TD Securities (USA) LLC or another of our affiliates may use this pricing supplement in a market-making transaction in the Notes after their initial sale. Unless we or our agent informs the purchaser otherwise in the confirmation of sale  this pricing supplement is being used in a market-making transaction.Prohibition of Sales to EEA and United Kingdom Retail InvestorsThe Notes are not intended to be offered  sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered  sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area (“EEA”). For these purposes  a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU  as amended (“MiFID II”); (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive 2002/92/EC  as amended  where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Directive 2003/71/EC  as amended. Consequently  no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended  the “EU PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the EU PRIIPs Regulation.The Notes are not intended to be offered  sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered  sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom (the “UK”). For these purposes  a retail investor in the UK means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018  subject to amendments made by the Markets in Financial Instruments (Amendment) (EU Exit) Regulations 2018 (SI 2018/1403)  as may be amended or superseded from time to time (the “EUWA”); (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (the “FSMA”) and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97  where that customer would not qualify as a professional client  as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the Prospectus Regulation as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (“UK Prospectus Regulation”). Consequently  no key information document required by the PRIIPs Regulation as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,negative,0.02,0.25,0.73,True,English,"['TORONTO DOMINION BANK', 'Form 424B2', 'five Business Days’ prior written notice', 'U.S. Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation', 'Public Offering Price1 Underwriting Discount1', 'Canada Deposit Insurance Corporation Act', 'The Depository Trust Company', 'Canadian Bank Resolution Powers', 'Callable Fixed Rate Notes', 'The Toronto-Dominion Bank Issue', 'total “Underwriting Discount', 'last calendar day', 'electronic communications network', 'Optional Call Date', 'other governmental agency', 'bail-inable debt securities', 'Senior Debt Securities', 'fee-based advisory accounts', 'Series D Type', 'preliminary pricing supplement', 'Additional Risk Factors', 'Interest Payment Date', 'state securities commission', 'federal laws', 'underwriting discounts', 'Issue Date', 'CDIC Act', 'Pricing Date', 'securities exchange', 'Maturity Date', 'The Notes', 'credit risk', 'Registration Statement', 'savings accounts', 'insured deposits', 'United States', 'common shares', 'Special Provisions', 'criminal offense', 'available funds', 'Principal Amount', 'other dealers', 'sole discretion', 'hedge positions', 'market conditions', 'Supplemental Plan', 'Exchange Commission', 'Prospectus Supplement', 'selling concessions', '2 TD Securities', 'accompanying prospectus', 'Summary” section', 'detailed information', 'Rule', 'sale', 'Completion', 'April', 'March', 'CUSIP', 'ISIN', 'annum', 'January', 'July', 'October', 'part', 'payments', 'instrumentality', 'conversion', 'means', 'transaction', 'one', 'steps', 'affiliates', 'subsection', 'variation', 'extinguishment', 'consequence', 'application', 'Province', 'Ontario', 'respect', 'operation', 'Description', 'Risks', 'Investment', 'number', 'page', 'representation', 'contrary', 'book-entry', 'facilities', 'Proceeds', 'TD2', 'Security', 'fees', 'commissions', 'investors', 'USA', 'LLC', 'portion', 'connection', 'distribution', 'aggregate', 'time', 'Conflicts', 'Issuer']",2022-04-18,2022-04-18,streetinsider.com
3084,Clearstream,Google API,https://leroyfcpress.com/peripheral-vascular-devices-market-latest-trends-key-insights-applications-and-size-projection-by-2032-medtronic-inc-angiomed-gmbh-co-medizintechnik-kg/,Peripheral Vascular Devices Market Latest Trends  Key Insights  Applications and Size Projection by 2032,11 hours ago,The compilation of an excellent Global Peripheral Vascular Devices Market report helps to figure out types of consumers  their perceptions about the product  their buying behavior and decision influencing factors. With the market data of this report  emerging trends along with major drivers  challenges  and opportunities in the market for this industry can be identified and analyzed. For easy understanding of facts and figures  the data is represented in the form of graphs and charts.Download FREE Sample Copy of the Report to understand the structure of the complete [email protected] https://www.insightslice.com/request-sample/791Market research performed in Peripheral Vascular Devices report helps to disclose important information about the target audience  current customers  market  competition  and more e.g.  demand for the product or service  potential pricing  impressions of the branding  and so on. The report is prepared by using primary and secondary research. The market size data presented in the report is supported with adequate analysis.Leading Key Players Operating in the Peripheral Vascular Devices Market Includes:The major players covered in the Peripheral Vascular Devices market report are Medtronic Inc.  Angiomed GmbH Co. Medizintechnik KG  Abbott Laboratories Vascular Enterprises Limited  Terumo Corporation  Endologix Inc.  William Cook Europe ApS  Bolton Medical Inc.  Jotec GmbH  ClearStream Technologies Ltd.  Aesculap AG  Bosto  and others.Peripheral Vascular Devices Market Strategic AnalysisThe market was studied using robust research methodology. The market dynamics and trends along with PESTLE analysis is included within research scope.This analysis helps report users in evaluating the Peripheral Vascular Devices market based on various parameters such as economies of scale  switching costs  brand loyalty  existing distribution channels  capital investments  manufacturing rights & patents  government regulations  and so on. This simplified data is expected to aid the industry’s key decision-makers in their decision-making process. Furthermore  this study answers the crucial question of whether or not new entrants should enter the Peripheral Vascular Devices industry.Request Table of Contents (ToC) @ https://www.insightslice.com/toc/791Some of the features of Peripheral Vascular Devices Market Report: Trends  Forecast  and Opportunity Analysis include:Market size estimates: Peripheral Vascular Devices market size estimation in terms of value (US$ Mn).Trend and forecast analysis: Market Trends and Forecast by application.Segmentation analysis: Market size by various segments such as by Peripheral Vascular Devices type  application  and region.Regional analysis: Peripheral Vascular Devices market breakdown by North America  Europe  Asia Pacific  Middle East & Africa and South AmericaGrowth opportunities: Analysis on growth opportunities in different applications and regions for Peripheral Vascular Devices in the Peripheral Vascular Devices market.Strategic analysis: This includes M&A  new product development  and competitive landscape for  Peripheral Vascular Devices in the Peripheral Vascular Devices market.Key Market Segments:On the basis of typeOn the basis of applicationsOn the basis of end userPeripheral Vascular Devices Market  By Region:North AmericaEuropeAsia-PacificSouth AmericaMiddle East and Africawe offer customized reports as per your research objective at discounted price. Please let us know If you have any custom needs. For More Information or Query or Customization Before Buying  Visit @ https://www.insightslice.com/request-customization/791The report would help existing players/new entrants in this market in the following ways:This report segments the Peripheral Vascular Devices market comprehensively and provides the closest market size projection for all sub segments across different regions.The report helps stakeholders understand the pulse of the market and provides them with information on key drivers  restraints  challenges  and opportunities for market growth.This report would help stakeholders understand their competitors better and gain more insights to improve their position in the business. The competitive landscape section includes product launches and developments  collaborations  contracts and acquisitions.This report would help understand the pre and post-COVID-19 scenarios as to how would the penetration of Peripheral Vascular Devices will look like for the forecast period. The region segment includes the country wise impact analysis of COVID-19 and initiatives taken to overcome these impacts.The report answers questions such as:What is the market size and forecast of the Global Peripheral Vascular Devices Market?What are the growth inhibiting factors?Which are the products/segments/applications/areas to invest in over the forecast period in the Global Peripheral Vascular Devices Market?What are the technology trends and regulatory frameworks in the Global Peripheral Vascular Devices Market?What is the market share of the leading vendors in the Global Peripheral Vascular Devices Market?What strategic moves are considered suitable for entering the Global Peripheral Vascular Devices Market?* Get 10% Discount on Your Direct Purchase *You Can Purchase Complete [email protected] https://www.insightslice.com/buy-nowith791About Us:We are a team of research analysts and management consultants who share a common vision to help individuals and organizations achieve their short-term and long-term strategic goals by expanding high-quality research services. insightSLICE was established to support mature companies  start-ups and non-profit organizations in various industries  including packaging  automotive  healthcare  chemicals and materials  industrial automation  consumer products  electronics and semiconductors  IT and telecommunications  and energy. Our internally experienced team of analysts has extensive experience in the research industry.Contact:Alex[email protected]+1 (707) 736 6633422 Lark Center # 1001  Santa Rosa California – 95403-1408  USALinkedin|Twitter,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,positive,0.91,0.07,0.01,True,English,"['Peripheral Vascular Devices Market', 'Latest Trends', 'Key Insights', 'Size Projection', 'Applications', 'excellent Global Peripheral Vascular Devices Market report', 'Peripheral Vascular Devices market size estimation', 'Abbott Laboratories Vascular Enterprises Limited', 'Angiomed GmbH Co. Medizintechnik KG', 'Peripheral Vascular Devices Market Strategic Analysis', 'Peripheral Vascular Devices market breakdown', 'Peripheral Vascular Devices type', 'Peripheral Vascular Devices report', 'Peripheral Vascular Devices industry', 'closest market size projection', 'William Cook Europe ApS', 'country wise impact analysis', 'Market size estimates', 'decision influencing factors', 'ClearStream Technologies Ltd.', 'existing distribution channels', 'market size data', 'Bolton Medical Inc.', 'growth inhibiting factors', 'Key Market Segments', 'robust research methodology', 'FREE Sample Copy', 'Leading Key Players', 'competitive landscape section', 'North America Europe', 'new product development', 'market growth', 'Market research', 'Jotec GmbH', 'market data', 'market dynamics', 'Market Trends', 'major players', 'key decision-makers', 'key drivers', 'adequate analysis', 'PESTLE analysis', 'Opportunity Analysis', 'Segmentation analysis', 'Regional analysis', 'Medtronic Inc.', 'Endologix Inc.', 'new entrants', 'various segments', 'sub segments', 'South America', 'secondary research', 'research scope', 'research objective', 'major drivers', 'easy understanding', 'target audience', 'current customers', 'potential pricing', 'Terumo Corporation', 'Aesculap AG', 'various parameters', 'switching costs', 'brand loyalty', 'capital investments', 'manufacturing rights', 'government regulations', 'simplified data', 'decision-making process', 'crucial question', 'Asia Pacific', 'Middle East', 'M&A', 'end user', 'customized reports', 'custom needs', 'following ways', 'post-COVID-19 scenarios', 'regulatory frameworks', 'forecast analysis', 'Growth opportunities', 'product launches', 'important information', 'More Information', 'emerging trends', 'technology trends', 'buying behavior', 'Request Table', 'different applications', 'different regions', 'forecast period', 'region segment', 'compilation', 'types', 'consumers', 'perceptions', 'challenges', 'facts', 'figures', 'graphs', 'charts', 'structure', 'complete', 'email', 'insightslice', 'competition', 'demand', 'service', 'impressions', 'branding', 'primary', 'Bosto', 'others', 'users', 'economies', 'scale', 'patents', 'study', 'Contents', 'ToC', 'features', 'terms', 'value', 'Africa', 'basis', 'Asia-Pacific', 'discounted', 'price', 'Query', 'Customization', 'stakeholders', 'pulse', 'restraints', 'competitors', 'position', 'business', 'developments', 'collaborations', 'contracts', 'acquisitions', 'penetration', 'initiatives', 'impacts', 'questions', 'products/segments', 'applications/areas']",2022-04-18,2022-04-18,leroyfcpress.com
3085,Clearstream,Google API,https://finnewslive.com/2022/04/17/jpmorgan-chase-190-00-price-target-for-deutsche-borse-etrdb1.html,JPMorgan Chase & Co. Reiterates “€190.00” Price Target for Deutsche Börse (ETR:DB1),1 day ago,JPMorgan Chase & Co. set a €190.00 ($206.52) target price on Deutsche Börse (ETR:DB1 – Get Rating) in a research report sent to investors on Thursday morning  Borsen Zeitung reports.A number of other research analysts have also recently commented on the company. Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft set a €184.00 ($200.00) target price on Deutsche Börse in a research note on Wednesday  March 9th. UBS Group set a €185.00 ($201.09) target price on Deutsche Börse in a research note on Thursday  April 7th. Royal Bank of Canada set a €156.00 ($169.57) target price on Deutsche Börse in a research note on Wednesday  March 9th. Deutsche Bank Rese… set a €185.00 ($201.09) price objective on Deutsche Börse in a research note on Tuesday  April 12th. Finally  Barclays set a €165.00 ($179.35) price objective on Deutsche Börse in a research note on Thursday  February 10th. Six research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and four have assigned a buy rating to the stock. According to MarketBeat.com  the stock has a consensus rating of Hold and a consensus price target of €170.15 ($184.94).Get Deutsche Börse alerts:DB1 opened at €168.35 ($182.99) on Thursday. The stock has a market cap of $30.91 billion and a price-to-earnings ratio of 25.59. The stock’s 50 day moving average price is €157.22 and its 200-day moving average price is €150.55. Deutsche Börse has a one year low of €132.65 ($144.18) and a one year high of €169.55 ($184.29). The company has a debt-to-equity ratio of 81.68  a quick ratio of 0.07 and a current ratio of 1.00.Deutsche BÃ¶rse AG operates as an exchange organization in Europe  the United States  and the Asia-Pacific. The company operates through seven segments: Eurex (Financial Derivatives)  EEX (Commodities)  360T (Foreign Exchange)  Xetra (Cash Equities)  Clearstream (Post-Trading)  IFS (Investment Fund Services)  and Qontigo (index and analytics business).See AlsoReceive News & Ratings for Deutsche Börse Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Deutsche Börse and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.,neutral,0.01,0.95,0.05,neutral,0.02,0.92,0.06,True,English,"['Deutsche Börse', 'JPMorgan Chase', 'Co.', 'Price', 'Target', 'ETR', 'FREE daily email newsletter', '50 day moving average price', '200-day moving average price', 'Deutsche Börse alerts', 'Deutsche BÃ¶rse AG', 'Deutsche Börse Daily', 'concise daily summary', 'Investment Fund Services', 'Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft', 'Deutsche Bank Rese', 'other research analysts', 'Six research analysts', 'consensus price target', 'email address', 'Royal Bank', 'target price', 'consensus rating', '1.09) price objective', '$179.35) price objective', 'research report', 'research note', ""analysts' ratings"", 'JPMorgan Chase', 'Get Rating', 'Borsen Zeitung', 'UBS Group', 'buy rating', 'MarketBeat.com', 'market cap', 'earnings ratio', 'equity ratio', 'quick ratio', 'current ratio', 'exchange organization', 'United States', 'seven segments', 'Financial Derivatives', 'Foreign Exchange', 'Cash Equities', 'analytics business', 'related companies', 'ETR:DB1', 'hold rating', 'one year', 'latest news', 'Thursday morning', 'Co.', 'investors', 'number', 'company', 'Wednesday', 'March', 'April', 'Canada', 'Tuesday', 'Barclays', 'February', 'stock', 'debt', 'Europe', 'Asia-Pacific', 'Eurex', 'EEX', 'Commodities', '360T', 'Xetra', 'Clearstream', 'Post-Trading', 'IFS', 'Qontigo', 'index', '0.00', '5.00']",2022-04-17,2022-04-18,finnewslive.com
3086,Clearstream,Google API,https://leroyfcpress.com/high-rate-solid-contact-clarifiers-market-2028-arvind-envisol-unique-water-shree-virkrupa-engineering-paramount-indofab-industries/,High Rate Solid Contact Clarifiers Market 2028: Arvind Envisol  Unique Water  Shree Virkrupa Engineering  Paramount  Indofab Industries  – LeRoy Farmer City Press,21 hours ago,This report tells everything about High Rate Solid Contact Clarifiers Market. The report presents the key performance indicators of the High Rate Solid Contact Clarifiers market that are sales  revenues  prices of the key segments  countries  and regions of the High Rate Solid Contact Clarifiers market. The report shares market insights  forecasts  and market indicators of the 200+ markets and segments and of above 150 countries and major geographic regions. The report provides a detailed overview of the most relevant market segments. Most importantly comparative study of the market insights and revenue forecasts of these segments from 2018-2020 are provided in the report to help market players understand the High Rate Solid Contact Clarifiers market report and its niche segments thoroughly and take well-informed decisions.Top Key Players in the High Rate Solid Contact Clarifiers market:Arvind EnvisolUnique WaterShree Virkrupa EngineeringParamountIndofab IndustriesWesTechSD Enviro EngineersZION Enviro SystemsWorld TechnologiesEIMCO-KCPBharti WatersOvivo WaterBioworksClearStreamKurita AmericaAum EngineersEverything the market players should know about the High Rate Solid Contact Clarifiers market developments are provided in the report. The key enterprises working in the High Rate Solid Contact Clarifiers market  their revenues and other details are provided in the report. Study of all the key enterprises up-to 100 every country is provided in the report.Request free sample copy of the report : https://www.orbisresearch.com/contacts/request-sample/6678049?utm_source=PoojaGIRMThe report gives a brief discussion of High Rate Solid Contact Clarifiers market across the countries like United States  Germany  Canada  UK  Brazil  China  Russia  New Zealand  India  etc and then addresses  in some detail  regional exporting trends. The leading countries market position in the High Rate Solid Contact Clarifiers market is compared based on the important industry metrics such as sales  sales growth  average growth in sales  R&D intensity  historical trends  export potential  companies operating in the High Rate Solid Contact Clarifiers market  government interventions for High Rate Solid Contact Clarifiers market development  upcoming products  and investment in future products.High Rate Solid Contact Clarifiers Market Types:Below 50 Cubic Meter Per Hour50 to 100 Cubic Meter Per HourOver 100 Cubic Meter Per HourHigh Rate Solid Contact Clarifiers Market Applications:Wastewater TreatmentSeawater DesalinationOthersBased on the commercial demand in national & international markets for the goods and services  growth rates for individual countries and regions  and other factors are used to present the GDP Growth Forecasts. The GDP growth forecasts are presented from various public and private sources. The projected GDP growth rates for selected countries help plan for future production and deliveries. The projected growth rate in the emerging-market countries for the year 2025 is compared to 2020 based on the purchasing power parity.Highlights of the Report:• The High Rate Solid Contact Clarifiers market report analyzes the main geographic regions for the High Rate Solid Contact Clarifiers industry and the leading countries for the market in the selected regions.• The High Rate Solid Contact Clarifiers report highlights the key companies that are delivering innovative solutions to the marketplace.• The report details the leading manufacturing industries that are targeting unmet market needs and exploring new frontiers of innovation.• The High Rate Solid Contact Clarifiers identifies the elite manufacturing companies that differentiate from the traditional manufacturers.Any query? Ask our industry expert: https://www.orbisresearch.com/contacts/enquiry-before-buying/6678049?utm_source=PoojaGIRMAbout Us:Orbis Research (orbisresearch.com) is a single point aid for all your market research requirements. We have a vast database of reports from leading publishers and authors across the globe. We specialize in delivering customized reports as per the requirements of our clients. We have complete information about our publishers and hence are sure about the accuracy of the industries and verticals of their specialization. This helps our clients to map their needs and we produce the perfect required market research study for our clients.Contact Us:Hector CostelloSenior Manager – Client Engagements4144N Central Expressway Suite 600  Dallas Texas – 75204  U.S.A.Phone No.: USA: +1 (972)-362-8199 | IND: +91 895 659 5155Email ID: [email protected]com,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,positive,0.73,0.26,0.01,True,English,"['High Rate Solid Contact Clarifiers Market', 'LeRoy Farmer City Press', 'Shree Virkrupa Engineering', 'Arvind Envisol', 'Unique Water', 'Indofab Industries', 'Paramount', 'Hour High Rate Solid Contact Clarifiers Market Applications', 'The High Rate Solid Contact Clarifiers market report', 'High Rate Solid Contact Clarifiers market developments', 'High Rate Solid Contact Clarifiers Market Types', 'The High Rate Solid Contact Clarifiers report', 'High Rate Solid Contact Clarifiers industry', 'ZION Enviro Systems World Technologies', 'Hector Costello Senior Manager', 'leading countries market position', 'unmet market needs', 'important industry metrics', 'relevant market segments', 'SD Enviro Engineers', 'market research requirements', 'market research study', 'Shree Virkrupa Engineering', 'free sample copy', 'R&D intensity', 'purchasing power parity', 'single point aid', '4144N Central Expressway', 'growth rate', 'regional exporting trends', '50 to 100 Cubic Meter', 'Over 100 Cubic Meter', 'elite manufacturing companies', 'key performance indicators', 'major geographic regions', 'main geographic regions', 'Contact Us', 'leading manufacturing industries', 'GDP Growth Forecasts', 'Top Key Players', 'market indicators', 'market players', 'market insights', 'industry expert', '50 Cubic Meter', 'Orbis Research', 'Aum Engineers', 'historical trends', 'average growth', 'key enterprises', 'key companies', 'revenue forecasts', 'leading publishers', 'key segments', '200+ markets', 'detailed overview', 'comparative study', 'Arvind Envisol', 'Unique Water', 'Indofab Industries', 'Bharti Waters', 'Ovivo Water', 'Kurita America', 'other details', 'brief discussion', 'United States', 'New Zealand', 'export potential', 'government interventions', 'upcoming products', 'future products', 'Wastewater Treatment', 'Seawater Desalination', 'commercial demand', 'international markets', 'other factors', 'various public', 'private sources', 'future production', 'innovative solutions', 'new frontiers', 'traditional manufacturers', 'vast database', 'complete information', 'Client Engagements', 'S.A.', 'Phone No.', 'Email ID', 'niche segments', 'individual countries', 'emerging-market countries', 'sales growth', 'customized reports', '150 countries', 'everything', 'revenues', 'prices', 'importantly', 'decisions', 'Paramount', 'WesTech', 'EIMCO-KCP', 'Bioworks', 'ClearStream', 'country', 'orbisresearch', 'contacts', 'request-sample', 'PoojaGIRM', 'Germany', 'Canada', 'UK', 'Brazil', 'China', 'Russia', 'India', 'investment', 'Others', 'goods', 'services', 'deliveries', 'year', 'Highlights', 'marketplace', 'innovation', 'query', 'enquiry', 'authors', 'globe', 'clients', 'accuracy', 'verticals', 'specialization', 'perfect', 'Suite', 'Dallas', 'Texas', 'USA']",2022-04-18,2022-04-18,leroyfcpress.com
3087,Clearstream,Bing API,https://www.abladvisor.com/news/33800/td-bank-provides-new-25mm-abl-revolving-credit-facility-to-clearstream-energy,TD Bank Provides New $25MM ABL Revolving Credit Facility to ClearStream Energy - News,ClearStream Energy Services completed the refinancing of its asset-based revolving credit facility. ClearStream established a new $25 million asset-based revolving credit facility with a three-year term to replace its existing $15 million asset-based ...,ClearStream Energy Services completed the refinancing of its asset-based revolving credit facility. ClearStream established a new $25 million asset-based revolving credit facility with a three-year term to replace its existing $15 million asset-based revolving credit facility that was to mature on April 14  2022.ABL FacilityThe ABL Facility provides for maximum borrowings up to $25 million with The Toronto-Dominion Bank (the “Lender”). The amount available under the ABL Facility will vary from time to time based on the borrowing base determined with reference to the accounts receivable and inventories of ClearStream and certain of its subsidiaries. The obligations under the ABL Facility are secured by  among other things  a first ranking lien on all of the existing and after acquired accounts receivable and inventories of the Company and the other guarantors  being certain of the Company's direct and indirect subsidiaries. The maturity date of the ABL Facility is April 14  2025.The financial covenants applicable under the ABL Facility are: (a) the Company must maintain a fixed charge coverage ratio equal to or greater than 1.00:1.00 for each twelve month period calculated and tested as of the last day of each fiscal quarter; and (b) the Company must not expend or become obligated for any capital expenditures in an aggregate amount exceeding $10 million during any fiscal year.As at April 14  2022  no amounts were drawn on the ABL Facility.Term Loan FacilityPursuant to the terms of the Fifth Amended and Restated Credit Agreement dated March 23  2021 (the “Fifth ARCA”)  ClearStream had access to (a) the Former ABL Facility and (b) a term loan facility providing for maximum borrowings of up to $40.5 million (the “Term Loan Facility”) with Canso Investment Counsel Ltd.  in its capacity as portfolio manager for and on behalf of certain accounts that it manages (“Canso”).As a result of the Refinancing  the Fifth ARCA has been amended and restated by a Sixth Amended and Restated Credit Agreement (the “Sixth ARCA”) to  among other things: (a) remove the Former ABL Facility; (b) extend the maturity date of the Term Loan Facility from September 30  2022 to the date that is the earlier of (i) 180 days following the maturity date of the ABL Facility  (ii) October 14  2025  and (iii) the date on which the Term Loan Facility is terminated earlier pursuant to its terms; (c) change the interest rate charged on the Term Loan Facility to a fixed rate of 8% (previously a floating rate of prime plus 4.5%  increasing to prime plus 6.0% if the Former ABL Facility was more than 50% drawn); and (d) appoint Computershare Trust Company of Canada as administrative agent.The obligations under the Term Loan Facility are secured by  among other things  a lien on all of the existing and after acquired accounts receivable and inventories of the Company and the other guarantors  being certain of the Company's direct and indirect subsidiaries.As at April 14  2022  $40.5 million was outstanding under the Term Loan Facility. The Term Loan Facility is required to be used for specific purposes and cannot be redrawn once repaid.BDC Secured LoansOn June 26  2019  the Company received $19 million from two secured loans (the “BDC Loans”) with the Business Development Bank of Canada (“BDC”) as a partial source of funds for the acquisition of certain assets of the production services division of AECOM Production Services Ltd. (the “PSD Business”).The BDC Loans are secured by a first security interest on the real property and equipment acquired through the acquisition of the PSD Business and a security interest in all other present and future property  subject to the priorities granted to existing lenders under the ABL Facility  Senior Secured Debentures (as defined below) and other existing commitments.The loan agreements with BDC require the Company to maintain a fixed charge coverage ratio equal to or greater than 1.00:1.00 on annual basis.As at April 14  2022  $15.4 million was outstanding under the BDC Loans. No substantive amendments were made to the BDC Loans as a result of the Refinancing.Senior Secured DebenturesOn March 23  2016  ClearStream issued 8% senior secured debentures due March 23  2026 (the “Senior Secured Debentures”) on a private placement basis to Canso pursuant to a trust indenture between ClearStream  as issuer  and Computershare Trust Company of Canada  as debenture trustee  as amended and supplemented (the “Senior Secured Indenture”).The Senior Secured Debentures are secured by first-ranking liens over all of the property of the Company and its guarantor subsidiaries  other than certain limited classes of collateral over which the Company has granted a prior-ranking lien in favour of the ABL Facility  the Term Loan Facility and the BDC Loans.The Senior Secured Debentures provide for certain events of default and covenants of the Company  including financial and reporting covenants and restrictive covenants limiting the ability of the Company and its subsidiaries to make certain distributions and dispositions  incur indebtedness  grant liens and limitations with respect to acquisitions  mergers  investments  non-arm’s length transactions  reorganizations and hedging arrangements (subject to certain exceptions).As at April 14  2022  ClearStream had $111.2 million principal amount of 8% Senior Secured Debentures outstanding. As a result of the Refinancing  minor amendments were made to the Senior Secured Indenture to reflect the ABL Facility and the Sixth ARCA.,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,negative,0.03,0.42,0.55,True,English,"['New $25MM ABL Revolving Credit Facility', 'TD Bank', 'ClearStream Energy', 'News', 'new $25 million asset-based revolving credit facility', 'existing $15 million asset-based revolving credit facility', 'fixed charge coverage ratio', 'AECOM Production Services Ltd', 'Canso Investment Counsel Ltd.', 'The Senior Secured Debentures', 'The Term Loan Facility', 'Restated Credit Agreement', '8% senior secured debentures', 'production services division', 'The Toronto-Dominion Bank', 'Senior Secured Indenture', 'twelve month period', 'The ABL Facility', 'two secured loans', 'private placement basis', 'Business Development Bank', 'Former ABL Facility', 'first ranking lien', 'The BDC Loans', 'first security interest', 'other existing commitments', 'ClearStream Energy Services', 'BDC Secured Loans', 'Computershare Trust Company', 'fixed rate', 'trust indenture', 'three-year term', 'loan agreements', 'existing lenders', 'annual basis', 'interest rate', 'PSD Business', 'other things', 'other guarantors', 'other present', 'maximum borrowings', 'borrowing base', 'last day', 'fiscal quarter', 'capital expenditures', 'fiscal year', 'Fifth Amended', 'Fifth ARCA', 'portfolio manager', 'Sixth Amended', 'Sixth ARCA', 'floating rate', 'administrative agent', 'specific purposes', 'partial source', 'substantive amendments', 'debenture trustee', 'first-ranking liens', 'limited classes', 'prior-ranking lien', 'reporting covenants', 'restrictive covenants', 'real property', 'future property', 'indirect subsidiaries', 'maturity date', 'guarantor subsidiaries', 'financial covenants', 'accounts receivable', 'refinancing', 'April', 'amount', 'time', 'reference', 'inventories', 'obligations', 'aggregate', 'terms', 'access', 'capacity', 'behalf', 'result', 'September', 'October', 'prime', 'Canada', 'June', 'funds', 'acquisition', 'assets', 'equipment', 'priorities', 'March', 'issuer', 'collateral', 'favour', 'events', 'default', 'ability', '180']",2022-04-18,2022-04-18,abladvisor.com
3088,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,@VincentdeVince2 Clearstream,nan,@VincentdeVince2 Clearstream,neutral,0.02,0.96,0.01,neutral,0.02,0.96,0.01,True,English,"['VincentdeVince2 Clearstream', 'VincentdeVince2 Clearstream']",2022-04-18,2022-04-18,Unknown
3089,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,FNZ and Clearstream team up for the launch of business intelligence solution https://t.co/UyHiPdi761 #finance #financial #finanzas #finanza,nan,FNZ and Clearstream team up for the launch of business intelligence solution https://t.co/UyHiPdi761 #finance #financial #finanzas #finanza,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.01,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.01,True,English,"['business intelligence solution', 'FNZ', 'Clearstream', 'launch', 'UyHiPdi761', 'finance', 'financial', 'finanzas', 'business intelligence solution', 'FNZ', 'Clearstream', 'launch', 'UyHiPdi761', 'finance', 'financial', 'finanzas']",2022-04-17,2022-04-18,Unknown
3090,Deutsche Boerse,Google API,https://seekingalpha.com/article/4501928-irrrf-strong-price-growth-low-trading-volume-zero-dividend-high-risk,IRRRF: Strong Price Growth  Low Trading Volume  Zero Dividend  High Risk,5 hours ago,peepo/E+ via Getty ImagesiShares Core MSCI World UCITS ETF (IRRRF) is a fully diversified exchange traded fund launched and managed by BlackRock Asset Management Ireland Limited. The fund has an asset under management (AUM) of $59.5 billion which it has invested in public equity shares of large-cap and mid-cap companies in public equity markets throughout the globe. This ETF has been trading as an OTC stock since July 29  2016  more than five years ago.iShares Core MSCI World UCITS ETF is also listed in London stock exchange (LSE) under the tickers SWDA and IWDA. While SWDA is traded in British pound (GBP)  IWDA is traded in US dollar (USD). This product is also listed on Euronext Amsterdam  Bolsa Mexicana De Valores  Borsa Italiana  SIX Swiss Exchange  and Deutsche Boerse Xetra. Because this ETF diversifies its investments in all major equity markets  investors throughout the globe might be interested in investing in this ETF in their home currencies.iShares Core MSCI World UCITS ETF invests in the equity shares of a whopping 1 542 companies  with US-based companies accounting for around 69 percent of the total portfolio. Another 20 percent is invested in Japan  UK  Canada  France and Switzerland based companies. This ETF rebalances its portfolio at the end of every quarter.Managing such a deep level of diversified holdings is an extremely challenging task  and may increase the fund management expenses. However  this fund has been able to operate with a low expense ratio of 0.2%. This is one of the rarest funds which does not pay any dividend  thus is out of consideration for income seeking investors. It was formerly known as iShares III Public Limited Company - iShares MSCI World UCITS ETF  which was formed on September 25  2009 and was domiciled in Ireland.This ETF hardly has any significant holdings  as its investments are spread over 1 542 companies each in very small proportion. The fund seeks to replicate the performance of the MSCI World Index  by employing representative sampling methodology. In representative sampling  a few stocks from the benchmark index are selected in such a way that it includes stocks from every sector  every geographic region  and all types of market capitalization. This way the iShares Core MSCI World UCITS ETF becomes a representative index (not a replica) of the MSCI World Index.iShares Core MSCI World UCITS ETF’s price returns have been strong. Over the past 5 years  IRRRF’s price grew by a healthy 78.4 percent compared to 88.6 percent of S&P 500 index. Over the past 3 years  IRRRF has recorded a price growth of 46.7 percent. During the same period  S&P 500 index recorded a growth of 51 percent. So  IRRRF was successful in generating a price CAGR of around 13 percent in the medium term. However  the past one year has been very poor for this ETF  and failed to generate a growth of even 4 percent.A very small proportion of IRRRF’s portfolio (22.5 percent) is invested in basic or core industries - materials  utilities  energy  real estate and consumer staples - that derive their revenue from basic needs of people (e.g. food  house  gas  minerals  electricity). This ETF has significant investments in stocks of financial (14 percent)  healthcare (12 percent)  consumer discretionary (11.5 percent)  and industrial (10 percent) sectors. Together  these sectors constitute 47.5 percent of IRRRF’s total equity holdings.The largest chunk of investments (30 percent) is made in information technology & communication (ITC) stocks. Five out of its top seven holdings (more than 1 percent of the portfolio) are from the ITC sector - Apple Inc. (AAPL)  Microsoft Corporation (MSFT)  Alphabet Inc. (GOOG) (GOOGL)  Meta Platforms  Inc. (FB)  and Nvidia Corporation (NVDA). The other two are automobile giant Tesla  Inc. (TSLA)  and e-commerce giant Amazon.com  Inc. (AMZN)  which have high linkages with the technology sector. Though this ETF is quite well diversified  still 30 percent investment in technology stocks poses a risk of sudden fall due to poor performance of that sector.As the operation of these companies are not integral to human existence  these stocks tend to be impacted more due to economic growth and downturn. In general  these stocks are more volatile. In the past five years  unemployment  higher tariff  inflation  COVID-related supply chain disruptions and worker shortages have made significant impacts on a few of these non-core sectors  the impact of which is yet to be overcome. However  the extreme level of diversification has been helpful for this fund to nullify the impact of the pandemic and all other macroeconomic hiccups to a large extent.The holdings of iShares Core MSCI World UCITS ETF recorded an average P/E of 19.4 and a P/B ratio of 3. The price multiples put this ETF slightly on the higher side of valuation. Though the stock is trading at approximately 7 percent premium to its 52-week low price  still there seems to be downside potential  as indicated by the simple moving averages (SMA). The long-term 200 days SMA (85.35) is partially higher than short-term moving averages of 50 days SMA (83.02) and 10 days SMA (83.94).In order to be on the safe side under such circumstances  I generally hedge such stocks with call and put options of duration of six months or more. In order to safeguard my investments from an unlikely steep downfall  I prefer to buy a put option at a strike price nearest to the current market price  so that my principal investment does not incur a loss beyond 10 to 15 percent. But  unfortunately  IRRRF does not have any option. This limits the potential to safeguard or protect investments in iShares Core MSCI World UCITS ETF.A very interesting fact about iShares Core MSCI World UCITS ETF’s shares is that the price has remained unchanged for the past 10 days  and only one share has been transacted during the entire period. Earlier also  this stock price remained unchanged at frequent intervals. However  such a long interval is rare. This signifies that investors are not too keen to buy this stock  nor are existing investors in a hurry to liquidate their holdings.The positive thing about iShares Core MSCI World UCITS ETF is that over the medium term  this diversified ETF has been able to match the price growth of the S&P 500 index. However  we have to wait for a few more years to witness its long-term growth. Going by the performance so far  and the depth of its diversification  I don't find any reason why this ETF will not be able to continue its historical growth  and generate something close to a double-digit price growth over a longer time horizon.But at the same time  this fund neither allows me to earn a steady dividend income  nor does it enable me to hedge my exposure with call and put options. Thus  this ETF enhances my investment risk. Though it does seem to have long-term growth potential due to its extreme level of diversification (geographical  sectorial  and fund size)  as a risk neutral person  for the time being  I’d prefer to stay away from iShares Core MSCI World UCITS ETF due to the concentration of technology stocks  absence of dividend as well as unavailability of hedging options.,negative,0.03,0.15,0.82,mixed,0.07,0.11,0.82,True,English,"['Strong Price Growth', 'Low Trading Volume', 'Zero Dividend', 'High Risk', 'IRRRF', 'iShares Core MSCI World UCITS ETF', 'iShares MSCI World UCITS ETF', 'iShares III Public Limited Company', 'BlackRock Asset Management Ireland Limited', 'Bolsa Mexicana De Valores', 'COVID-related supply chain disruptions', 'MSCI World Index', 'diversified exchange traded fund', 'public equity markets', 'SIX Swiss Exchange', 'Deutsche Boerse Xetra', 'other macroeconomic hiccups', 'public equity shares', 'major equity markets', 'S&P 500 index', 'low expense ratio', 'past one year', 'simple moving averages', 'London stock exchange', 'top seven holdings', '52-week low price', 'long-term 200 days SMA', 'representative sampling methodology', 'past five years', 'fund management expenses', 'total equity holdings', 'core industries', 'core sectors', 'diversified holdings', 'representative index', 'past 5 years', 'past 3 years', 'benchmark index', 'P/B ratio', 'short-term moving', 'significant holdings', 'Getty Images', 'OTC stock', 'British pound', 'US dollar', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'Borsa Italiana', 'home currencies', 'deep level', 'challenging task', 'rarest funds', 'small proportion', 'geographic region', 'market capitalization', 'price returns', 'same period', 'price CAGR', 'medium term', 'real estate', 'consumer staples', 'consumer discretionary', 'largest chunk', 'information technology', 'Microsoft Corporation', 'Meta Platforms', 'Nvidia Corporation', 'automobile giant', 'high linkages', 'sudden fall', 'human existence', 'higher tariff', 'worker shortages', 'significant impacts', 'extreme level', 'large extent', 'average P/E', 'price multiples', 'higher side', 'downside potential', 'total portfolio', 'Apple Inc.', 'Alphabet Inc.', 'mid-cap companies', 'whopping 1,542 companies', 'US-based companies', 'price growth', 'basic needs', 'ITC sector', 'technology sector', 'poor performance', 'economic growth', 'healthy 78.4 percent', 'financial (14 percent', 'industrial (10 percent', '30 percent investment', '7 percent premium', 'ITC) stocks', 'technology stocks', 'significant investments', '69 percent', '20 percent', '88.6 percent', '46.7 percent', '51 percent', '13 percent', '2.5 percent', '1.5 percent', '47.5 percent', 'peepo/E+', 'IRRRF', 'AUM', 'large-cap', 'globe', 'July', 'LSE', 'tickers', 'SWDA', 'IWDA', 'GBP', 'USD', 'product', 'investors', 'Japan', 'UK', 'Canada', 'France', 'Switzerland', 'end', 'quarter', 'consideration', 'income', 'September', 'way', 'types', 'replica', 'materials', 'utilities', 'energy', 'revenue', 'people', 'food', 'house', 'gas', 'minerals', 'electricity', 'healthcare', 'communication', 'AAPL', 'MSFT', 'GOOG', 'FB', 'NVDA', 'Tesla', 'TSLA', 'AMZN', 'risk', 'operation', 'downturn', 'unemployment', 'inflation', 'diversification', 'pandemic', 'valuation']",2022-04-18,2022-04-18,seekingalpha.com
3091,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20220418005381/en/Consumer-Insights-Unlocked-by-New-URW-Research-on-Sustainability%E2%80%99s-Impact-on-Purchase-Decisions-Attitudes,Consumer Insights Unlocked by New URW Research on Sustainability’s Impact on Purchase Decisions & Attitudes,LOS ANGELES--(BUSINESS WIRE)-- #BetterPlaces2030--Most consumers are willing to pay a premium for environmentally sustainable items  a new survey by Unibail-Rodamco-Westfield (URW) shows. Released today  the survey shows that sustainability is at the forefron…,Eight in 10 (79%) Westfield shoppers say they reuse  recycle  and upcycle. Reducing waste is just as important to URW--the company's goal is to move toward zero landfill waste by 2025. (Graphic: Business Wire)Westfield shoppers have a high adoption percentage for hybrid and electric vehicle ownership at 29%  compared to 7% nationally. While visiting a Westfield center  they can access ultra-fast  state-of-the-art charging technology that allows capable EVs to add up to 20 miles of range per minute. (Graphic: Business Wire)Westfield shoppers have a high adoption percentage for hybrid and electric vehicle ownership at 29%  compared to 7% nationally. While visiting a Westfield center  they can access ultra-fast  state-of-the-art charging technology that allows capable EVs to add up to 20 miles of range per minute. (Graphic: Business Wire)LOS ANGELES--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Most consumers are willing to pay a premium for environmentally sustainable items  a new survey by Unibail-Rodamco-Westfield (URW) shows. Released today  the survey shows that sustainability is at the forefront of most consumers’ minds when making purchasing decisions and highlights consumer attitudes  behaviors  and desires around being increasingly environmentally conscious. The research is based on a survey of over 6 500 Westfield shoppers across the U.S.“Sustainability is important and a top measure of our success  which is why we’re always looking at new and better ways to reduce our environmental footprint and strengthen our social impact. We are committed to serving our communities by focusing on areas like solar energy  utility management  water conservation  and increasing accessibility to electric vehicle charging stations ” said Shelly Schembre  Senior Vice President of Shopping Center Management Operations  URW. “Conducting surveys to gather insights is one way we are listening to our shoppers; we then use that information to inform how we expand our efforts through strategic partnerships and programs.”Westfield shoppers are willing to pay more for sustainable goodsSustainably sourced goods often come with a higher price tag  but most consumers (90%) said that they are willing to pay a premium to purchase items that meet their environmentally sustainable criteria. The willingness to pay a price increase ranges  with at least 60% of respondents willing to pay a 10% mark up for products they consider sustainable and 10% even willing to pay between 25% and 40% more.Reducing food waste tops consumers’ eco-consciousness listAmong shopping center categories  Westfield shoppers have the highest expectations around eco-consciousness for food (75%)  health & beauty (48%)  and fashion (39%). When asked about food sustainability  consumers like to see locally sourced produce  farm-to-table  donations of excess food and composting programs.Helping the environment by reusing  recycling  and repairConsumers care about the environment and are doing their own part to make a positive impact on the planet. Eight in 10 (79%) Westfield shoppers say they reuse  recycle  and upcycle. In fact  over half (55%) buy items with less packaging; 43% consolidate deliveries to reduce packaging waste; and 43% have reduced their meat consumption.Three in four (74%) have brought their own reusable tote to a grocery store  and 59% have brought one to a non-grocery store. Over half (54%) purchase items made from recycled materials  half participate in clothing/shoe recycling  and 45% repair items instead of tossing.Hybrid and electric vehicles gaining momentum around Westfield centersWestfield shoppers have a high adoption percentage for hybrid and electric vehicle ownership at 29%  compared to 7% nationally – over 1 in 10 (12%) own an electric vehicle and 2 in 10 (21%) have a hybrid vehicle. In addition  a tenth of Westfield customers arrived by car to center locations in an electric vehicle and of these  21% charged the vehicle on site.The trends emerging from the survey align with URW’s broader commitments to environmental sustainability and will be used to help inform additional ways the company can meet these consumer needs. URW’s Better Places 2030 strategy to reduce its greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions 50% by the year 2030 also includes mandates to send zero waste to landfill and integrate circular economy design solutions by 2025.###About Unibail-Rodamco-WestfieldUnibail-Rodamco-Westfield is the premier global developer and operator of Flagship Destinations  with a portfolio valued at €54.5 Bn as at December 31  2021  of which 86% in retail  6% in offices  5% in convention & exhibition venues and 2% in services. Currently  the Group owns and operates 85 shopping centres  including 53 Flagships in the most dynamic cities in Europe and the United States. Present on two continents and in 12 countries  Unibail-Rodamco-Westfield provides a unique platform for retailers and brand events and offers an exceptional and constantly renewed experience for customers. With the support of its 2 800 professionals and an unparalleled track-record and know-how  Unibail-Rodamco-Westfield is ideally positioned to generate superior value and develop world-class projects. Unibail-Rodamco-Westfield distinguishes itself by its Better Places 2030 agenda  that sets its ambition to create better places that respect the highest environmental standards and contribute to better cities. Unibail-Rodamco-Westfield stapled shares are listed on Euronext Amsterdam and Euronext Paris (Euronext ticker: URW)  with a secondary listing in Australia through Chess Depositary Interests. The Group benefits from a BBB+ rating from Standard & Poor’s and from a Baa2 rating from Moody’s.For more information  please visit www.urw.comVisit our Media Library at https://mediacentre.urw.comFollow the Group updates on Twitter @urw_group  Linkedin @Unibail-Rodamco-Westfield and Instagram,neutral,0.05,0.93,0.03,positive,0.6,0.34,0.06,True,English,"['New URW Research', 'Consumer Insights', 'Purchase Decisions', 'Sustainability', 'Impact', 'Attitudes', 'sustainable goods Sustainably sourced goods', 'circular economy design solutions', 'Shopping Center Management Operations', 'electric vehicle charging stations', 'high adoption percentage', 'Senior Vice President', 'higher price tag', 'price increase ranges', 'Better Places 2030 strategy', 'premier global developer', 'shopping center categories', 'electric vehicle ownership', 'most consumers’ minds', 'consumers’ eco-consciousness list', 'zero landfill waste', 'utility management', 'sustainable criteria', '85 shopping centres', 'Westfield center', 'electric vehicles', 'zero waste', 'charging technology', 'sustainable items', 'packaging waste', 'Business Wire', 'capable EVs', 'LOS ANGELES', 'purchasing decisions', 'consumer attitudes', 'U.S.', 'top measure', 'environmental footprint', 'social impact', 'solar energy', 'water conservation', 'Shelly Schembre', 'one way', 'strategic partnerships', 'highest expectations', 'positive impact', 'less packaging', 'meat consumption', 'reusable tote', 'grocery store', 'recycled materials', 'broader commitments', 'consumer needs', 'greenhouse gas', 'Flagship Destinations', 'exhibition venues', 'dynamic cities', 'United States', 'two continents', 'unique platform', 'brand events', 'unparalleled track-record', 'food waste', 'Westfield shoppers', 'excess food', 'Reducing waste', 'hybrid vehicle', 'composting programs', 'clothing/shoe recycling', 'Westfield customers', 'environmental sustainability', 'additional ways', 'food sustainability', '45% repair items', 'new survey', 'URW', 'company', 'goal', 'Graphic', '20 miles', 'minute', 'premium', 'Unibail-Rodamco-Westfield', 'forefront', 'behaviors', 'desires', 'research', 'success', 'communities', 'areas', 'accessibility', 'surveys', 'insights', 'information', 'efforts', 'willingness', 'respondents', '10% mark', 'products', 'health', 'beauty', 'fashion', 'produce', 'donations', 'planet', 'fact', 'half', 'deliveries', 'momentum', 'tenth', 'car', 'locations', 'site', 'trends', 'GHG', 'emissions', 'year', 'mandates', 'operator', 'portfolio', 'December', 'retail', 'offices', 'convention', 'services', 'Group', '53 Flagships', 'Europe', '12 countries', 'exceptional', 'experience', 'support', '2,800 professionals', 'know-how']",2022-04-18,2022-04-18,businesswire.com
3092,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/atari-announces-planned-creation-token-160500017.html,Atari Announces Planned Creation of New Token and Termination of Joint Venture,Atari Announces Planned Creation of New Token and Termination of Joint Venture Paris  18 April 2022 – Atari SA and its subsidiaries (“Atari”)  one of the...,ATARIAtari Announces Planned Creation of New Token and Termination of Joint VentureParis  18 April 2022 – Atari SA and its subsidiaries (“Atari”)  one of the world's most iconic consumer brands and interactive entertainment producers  announces the termination of all license agreements with ICICB Group and its subsidiaries (“ICICB”). The license agreements between Atari and ICICB  including the Atari Chain Limited license (the “Joint Venture”) and the related licenses including hotel and casino licenses  have been terminated effective 18 April 2022. ICICB is not authorized to represent Atari or its brands in any manner.Atari disclaims any interest in the Joint Venture and informs the public that the Joint Venture  currently promoted “Atari Tokens”  and related websites (i.e. www.atarichain.com  www.ataritoken.com)  whitepapers  and social media channels are unlicensed  unsanctioned  and are outside the control of Atari and should not be relied upon for guidance or information related to the ATRI token or Atari.Despite the termination of the Joint Venture  Atari remains enthusiastic about the potential for blockchain initiatives and continues to establish and pursue strategic ventures and partnerships in the space. As such  Atari will create  distribute  and solely manage a new proprietary token with a focus on gaming  community  and utility. A snapshot of ATRI token holdings was taken at exactly 18 April 2022 at 6:00PM CET (GMT +1) and Atari will implement a future exchange of the new token for the ATRI tokens held as of that time. To participate  ATRI token holders will be required to present their ATRI tokens at the time of the exchange. Only tokens present in wallets as of the snapshot and in amounts equivalent to those captured at the snapshot will be eligible. Any tokens acquired after the snapshot will not be eligible. Atari will direct holders to additional information channels as additional information and timelines are announced. Please see www.atari.com/blockchain for more information.Story continuesAs communicated on 21 February 2022  the termination of the hotel and casino license agreements with ICICB will result in a write-off in Atari’s accounting records for a financial impact estimated to be up to €11 million in accordance with applicable accounting principles. The financial impact of the exchange and the creation of a new token will be disclosed in the Atari FY22 annual report.About Atari:Atari  comprised of Atari SA and its subsidiaries  is a global interactive entertainment and multiplatform licensing group. The true innovator of the video game  founded in 1972  Atari owns and/or manages a portfolio of more than 200 games and franchises  including globally known brands such as Asteroids®  Centipede®  Missile Command® and Pong®. From this important portfolio of intellectual properties  Atari delivers attractive online games for smartphones  tablets  and other connected devices. Atari also develops and distributes interactive entertainment for Microsoft  Sony and Nintendo game consoles. Atari also leverages its brand and franchises with licensing agreements through other media  derivative products and publishing. For more information: www.atari.com and www.atari-investisseurs.fr/en/. Atari shares are listed in France on Euronext Paris (Compartment C  ISIN Code FR0010478248  Ticker ATA) and are eligible for the Nasdaq International program in the United States (OTC - Ticker PONGF).ContactsAtari – Investor Relations Calyptus - Marie CalleuxTel +33 1 83 64 61 57 - investisseur@atari.com Tel + 33 1 53 65 68 68 – atari@calyptus.netAttachment,neutral,0.04,0.63,0.33,mixed,0.13,0.3,0.57,True,English,"['Planned Creation', 'New Token', 'Joint Venture', 'Atari', 'Termination', 'Atari FY22 annual report', 'Atari Chain Limited license', 'Nasdaq International program', 'social media channels', 'applicable accounting principles', 'other connected devices', 'Nintendo game consoles', 'interactive entertainment producers', 'global interactive entertainment', 'multiplatform licensing group', 'attractive online games', 'Investor Relations Calyptus', 'ATRI token holdings', 'new proprietary token', 'iconic consumer brands', 'casino license agreements', 'additional information channels', 'ATRI token holders', 'other media', 'licensing agreements', 'New Token', 'casino licenses', 'accounting records', 'video game', 'Joint Venture', 'related licenses', 'related websites', 'strategic ventures', '6:00PM CET', 'ATRI tokens', 'financial impact', 'true innovator', 'Missile Command®', 'intellectual properties', 'derivative products', 'Compartment C', 'ISIN Code', 'Ticker ATA', 'United States', 'Ticker PONGF', 'Marie Calleux', 'ICICB Group', 'Planned Creation', 'blockchain initiatives', 'important portfolio', 'Euronext Paris', 'Atari SA', 'Atari owns', 'Atari shares', 'future exchange', 'Atari Tokens', '200 games', 'Termination', 'subsidiaries', 'world', 'hotel', 'manner', 'interest', 'public', 'atarichain', 'ataritoken', 'whitepapers', 'control', 'guidance', 'potential', 'partnerships', 'space', 'focus', 'gaming', 'community', 'utility', 'snapshot', '18 April', 'GMT', 'time', 'wallets', 'amounts', 'Story', '21 February', 'write-off', 'accordance', 'franchises', 'Asteroids®', 'Centipede', 'Pong®', 'smartphones', 'tablets', 'Microsoft', 'Sony', 'publishing', 'atari-investisseurs', 'France', 'OTC', 'Contacts', 'Attachment']",2022-04-18,2022-04-18,finance.yahoo.com
3093,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://seekingalpha.com/article/4501928-irrrf-strong-price-growth-low-trading-volume-zero-dividend-high-risk,IRRRF: Strong Price Growth  Low Trading Volume  Zero Dividend  High Risk,IRRRF generated double digit price growth over the past 5 years. Although diversified  the ETF is still highly concentrated on technology stocks. See more here.,peepo/E+ via Getty ImagesiShares Core MSCI World UCITS ETF (IRRRF) is a fully diversified exchange traded fund launched and managed by BlackRock Asset Management Ireland Limited. The fund has an asset under management (AUM) of $59.5 billion which it has invested in public equity shares of large-cap and mid-cap companies in public equity markets throughout the globe. This ETF has been trading as an OTC stock since July 29  2016  more than five years ago.iShares Core MSCI World UCITS ETF is also listed in London stock exchange (LSE) under the tickers SWDA and IWDA. While SWDA is traded in British pound (GBP)  IWDA is traded in US dollar (USD). This product is also listed on Euronext Amsterdam  Bolsa Mexicana De Valores  Borsa Italiana  SIX Swiss Exchange  and Deutsche Boerse Xetra. Because this ETF diversifies its investments in all major equity markets  investors throughout the globe might be interested in investing in this ETF in their home currencies.iShares Core MSCI World UCITS ETF invests in the equity shares of a whopping 1 542 companies  with US-based companies accounting for around 69 percent of the total portfolio. Another 20 percent is invested in Japan  UK  Canada  France and Switzerland based companies. This ETF rebalances its portfolio at the end of every quarter.Managing such a deep level of diversified holdings is an extremely challenging task  and may increase the fund management expenses. However  this fund has been able to operate with a low expense ratio of 0.2%. This is one of the rarest funds which does not pay any dividend  thus is out of consideration for income seeking investors. It was formerly known as iShares III Public Limited Company - iShares MSCI World UCITS ETF  which was formed on September 25  2009 and was domiciled in Ireland.This ETF hardly has any significant holdings  as its investments are spread over 1 542 companies each in very small proportion. The fund seeks to replicate the performance of the MSCI World Index  by employing representative sampling methodology. In representative sampling  a few stocks from the benchmark index are selected in such a way that it includes stocks from every sector  every geographic region  and all types of market capitalization. This way the iShares Core MSCI World UCITS ETF becomes a representative index (not a replica) of the MSCI World Index.iShares Core MSCI World UCITS ETF’s price returns have been strong. Over the past 5 years  IRRRF’s price grew by a healthy 78.4 percent compared to 88.6 percent of S&P 500 index. Over the past 3 years  IRRRF has recorded a price growth of 46.7 percent. During the same period  S&P 500 index recorded a growth of 51 percent. So  IRRRF was successful in generating a price CAGR of around 13 percent in the medium term. However  the past one year has been very poor for this ETF  and failed to generate a growth of even 4 percent.A very small proportion of IRRRF’s portfolio (22.5 percent) is invested in basic or core industries - materials  utilities  energy  real estate and consumer staples - that derive their revenue from basic needs of people (e.g. food  house  gas  minerals  electricity). This ETF has significant investments in stocks of financial (14 percent)  healthcare (12 percent)  consumer discretionary (11.5 percent)  and industrial (10 percent) sectors. Together  these sectors constitute 47.5 percent of IRRRF’s total equity holdings.The largest chunk of investments (30 percent) is made in information technology & communication (ITC) stocks. Five out of its top seven holdings (more than 1 percent of the portfolio) are from the ITC sector - Apple Inc. (AAPL)  Microsoft Corporation (MSFT)  Alphabet Inc. (GOOG) (GOOGL)  Meta Platforms  Inc. (FB)  and Nvidia Corporation (NVDA). The other two are automobile giant Tesla  Inc. (TSLA)  and e-commerce giant Amazon.com  Inc. (AMZN)  which have high linkages with the technology sector. Though this ETF is quite well diversified  still 30 percent investment in technology stocks poses a risk of sudden fall due to poor performance of that sector.As the operation of these companies are not integral to human existence  these stocks tend to be impacted more due to economic growth and downturn. In general  these stocks are more volatile. In the past five years  unemployment  higher tariff  inflation  COVID-related supply chain disruptions and worker shortages have made significant impacts on a few of these non-core sectors  the impact of which is yet to be overcome. However  the extreme level of diversification has been helpful for this fund to nullify the impact of the pandemic and all other macroeconomic hiccups to a large extent.The holdings of iShares Core MSCI World UCITS ETF recorded an average P/E of 19.4 and a P/B ratio of 3. The price multiples put this ETF slightly on the higher side of valuation. Though the stock is trading at approximately 7 percent premium to its 52-week low price  still there seems to be downside potential  as indicated by the simple moving averages (SMA). The long-term 200 days SMA (85.35) is partially higher than short-term moving averages of 50 days SMA (83.02) and 10 days SMA (83.94).In order to be on the safe side under such circumstances  I generally hedge such stocks with call and put options of duration of six months or more. In order to safeguard my investments from an unlikely steep downfall  I prefer to buy a put option at a strike price nearest to the current market price  so that my principal investment does not incur a loss beyond 10 to 15 percent. But  unfortunately  IRRRF does not have any option. This limits the potential to safeguard or protect investments in iShares Core MSCI World UCITS ETF.A very interesting fact about iShares Core MSCI World UCITS ETF’s shares is that the price has remained unchanged for the past 10 days  and only one share has been transacted during the entire period. Earlier also  this stock price remained unchanged at frequent intervals. However  such a long interval is rare. This signifies that investors are not too keen to buy this stock  nor are existing investors in a hurry to liquidate their holdings.The positive thing about iShares Core MSCI World UCITS ETF is that over the medium term  this diversified ETF has been able to match the price growth of the S&P 500 index. However  we have to wait for a few more years to witness its long-term growth. Going by the performance so far  and the depth of its diversification  I don't find any reason why this ETF will not be able to continue its historical growth  and generate something close to a double-digit price growth over a longer time horizon.But at the same time  this fund neither allows me to earn a steady dividend income  nor does it enable me to hedge my exposure with call and put options. Thus  this ETF enhances my investment risk. Though it does seem to have long-term growth potential due to its extreme level of diversification (geographical  sectorial  and fund size)  as a risk neutral person  for the time being  I’d prefer to stay away from iShares Core MSCI World UCITS ETF due to the concentration of technology stocks  absence of dividend as well as unavailability of hedging options.,negative,0.03,0.15,0.82,mixed,0.07,0.11,0.82,True,English,"['Strong Price Growth', 'Low Trading Volume', 'Zero Dividend', 'High Risk', 'IRRRF', 'iShares Core MSCI World UCITS ETF', 'iShares MSCI World UCITS ETF', 'iShares III Public Limited Company', 'BlackRock Asset Management Ireland Limited', 'Bolsa Mexicana De Valores', 'COVID-related supply chain disruptions', 'MSCI World Index', 'diversified exchange traded fund', 'public equity markets', 'SIX Swiss Exchange', 'Deutsche Boerse Xetra', 'other macroeconomic hiccups', 'public equity shares', 'major equity markets', 'S&P 500 index', 'low expense ratio', 'past one year', 'simple moving averages', 'London stock exchange', 'top seven holdings', '52-week low price', 'long-term 200 days SMA', 'representative sampling methodology', 'past five years', 'fund management expenses', 'total equity holdings', 'core industries', 'core sectors', 'diversified holdings', 'representative index', 'past 5 years', 'past 3 years', 'benchmark index', 'P/B ratio', 'short-term moving', 'significant holdings', 'Getty Images', 'OTC stock', 'British pound', 'US dollar', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'Borsa Italiana', 'home currencies', 'deep level', 'challenging task', 'rarest funds', 'small proportion', 'geographic region', 'market capitalization', 'price returns', 'same period', 'price CAGR', 'medium term', 'real estate', 'consumer staples', 'consumer discretionary', 'largest chunk', 'information technology', 'Microsoft Corporation', 'Meta Platforms', 'Nvidia Corporation', 'automobile giant', 'high linkages', 'sudden fall', 'human existence', 'higher tariff', 'worker shortages', 'significant impacts', 'extreme level', 'large extent', 'average P/E', 'price multiples', 'higher side', 'downside potential', 'total portfolio', 'Apple Inc.', 'Alphabet Inc.', 'mid-cap companies', 'whopping 1,542 companies', 'US-based companies', 'price growth', 'basic needs', 'ITC sector', 'technology sector', 'poor performance', 'economic growth', 'healthy 78.4 percent', 'financial (14 percent', 'industrial (10 percent', '30 percent investment', '7 percent premium', 'ITC) stocks', 'technology stocks', 'significant investments', '69 percent', '20 percent', '88.6 percent', '46.7 percent', '51 percent', '13 percent', '2.5 percent', '1.5 percent', '47.5 percent', 'peepo/E+', 'IRRRF', 'AUM', 'large-cap', 'globe', 'July', 'LSE', 'tickers', 'SWDA', 'IWDA', 'GBP', 'USD', 'product', 'investors', 'Japan', 'UK', 'Canada', 'France', 'Switzerland', 'end', 'quarter', 'consideration', 'income', 'September', 'way', 'types', 'replica', 'materials', 'utilities', 'energy', 'revenue', 'people', 'food', 'house', 'gas', 'minerals', 'electricity', 'healthcare', 'communication', 'AAPL', 'MSFT', 'GOOG', 'FB', 'NVDA', 'Tesla', 'TSLA', 'AMZN', 'risk', 'operation', 'downturn', 'unemployment', 'inflation', 'diversification', 'pandemic', 'valuation']",2022-04-18,2022-04-18,seekingalpha.com
3094,EuroNext,Google API,https://www.zawya.com/en/press-release/companies-news/consortium-of-npcc-and-technip-energies-awarded-by-petronas-carigali-sdn-bhd-for-feed-contract-gwnbko1x,Consortium of NPCC and Technip Energies awarded by PETRONAS Carigali Sdn. Bhd. for FEED contract,10 hours ago,• NPCC marks entry to Southeast Asia  as part of the Group’s expansion plansCairo  Egypt: Following an extensive prequalification and selection process  PETRONAS Carigali Sdn. Bhd.  a subsidiary of PETRONAS  has awarded National Petroleum Construction Company (NPCC)  a subsidiary of National Marine Dredging Company (NMDC)  leader of a consortium with Technip Energies for the FEED contract of a Carbon Capture and Storage (CCS) Project at the Kasawari gas field off the coast of Sarawak  Malaysia. This is regarded as one of the world’s largest offshore CCS projects.The Kasawari CCS project is expected to process an average of 3.7 million tonnes of carbon dioxide (CO2) annually and is scheduled to start up in 2025.Technip Energies will bring its technological know-how  overall project management capabilities and innovative solutions from early stage to project delivery  and NPCC will draw on its project management skills for EPC projects  its global experience in offshore installation and fabrication capabilities.NPCC and Technip Energies have collaborated for decades  executing together several landmark projects and have recently reinforced their cooperation through a strategic partnership to accelerate the energy transition.Eng. Ahmed Al Dhaheri  CEO of NPCC  said: “We are proud to see the quick results of our recent strategic agreement with Technip Energies. Both of us have aligned plans and strategies for the renewable and decarbonisation sector  which enabled us to win the contract for one of the largest CCS projects in the world. At NPCC  we are further supporting the Group’s vision to drive business diversification by expanding into several growth sectors  underlining NMDC’s reputation as a global EPC and marine dredging services major. Through this contract  we are marking our entry in Southeast Asia. We will continue to explore opportunities to deliver our world class capabilities through new partnerships and project wins.”Arnaud Pieton  CEO of Technip Energies  commented: “We are honored to be entrusted by PETRONAS Carigali Sdn. Bhd.  along with our long-lasting partner NPCC  for the development of their flagship Kasawari CCS project which contributes to their aspiration of achieving net zero carbon emissions by 2050. Leveraging our technological and technical expertise in the carbon capture domain  our 40 years of continuous operations in Malaysia designing and delivering some of the most complex assets and our strategic agreement with NPCC  we are committed to make the Kasawari CCS project a success and reference in the industry.”NPCC and Technip Energies’ strategic partnership will focus on capturing opportunities in energy transition and on fostering the best engineering practices. It will also enhance cooperation in blue and green hydrogen and related decarbonisation projects  CO2 capture in addition to industrial projects in the fields of waste-to-energy  biorefining  biochemistry  ammonia as well as other energy transition related themes.-Ends-About NPCCNPCC (National Petroleum Construction Company)  a part of NMDC Group  headquartered in Abu Dhabi in the United Arab Emirates (UAE)  is a world-class Engineering  Procurement and Construction Company that provides total EPC solutions to both the Offshore and Onshore Oil & Gas sectors.A subsidiary of National Marine Dredging  NPCC provides engineering  procurement  project management  fabrication  installation and commissioning to project owners and operators.Since its inception in 1973  NPCC has expanded its geographic footprint globally and today operates in Arabian Gulf  South Asia and Southeast Asia  and has plans to expand its operations to Africa and Caspian region.About Technip EnergiesTechnip Energies is a leading Engineering & Technology company for the energy transition  with leadership positions in Liquefied Natural Gas (LNG)  hydrogen and ethylene as well as growing market positions in blue and green hydrogen  sustainable chemistry and CO2 management. The company benefits from its robust project delivery model supported by extensive technology  products and services offering.Operating in 34 countries  our 15 000 people are fully committed to bringing our client’s innovative projects to life  breaking boundaries to accelerate the energy transition for a better tomorrow.Technip Energies is listed on Euronext Paris with American depositary receipts (“ADRs”) traded over-the-counter in the United States.For further information: www.technipenergies.com,neutral,0.02,0.95,0.03,positive,0.68,0.3,0.02,True,English,"['PETRONAS Carigali Sdn. Bhd', 'Technip Energies', 'FEED contract', 'Consortium', 'NPCC', 'other energy transition related themes', 'Eng. Ahmed Al Dhaheri', 'PETRONAS Carigali Sdn. Bhd.', 'net zero carbon emissions', 'National Petroleum Construction Company', 'robust project delivery model', 'The Kasawari CCS project', 'flagship Kasawari CCS project', 'National Marine Dredging Company', 'overall project management capabilities', 'largest offshore CCS projects', 'Technip Energies’ strategic partnership', 'largest CCS projects', 'related decarbonisation projects', 'marine dredging services', 'American depositary receipts', 'Kasawari gas field', 'several landmark projects', 'Liquefied Natural Gas', 'project management skills', 'several growth sectors', 'United Arab Emirates', 'growing market positions', 'recent strategic agreement', 'carbon capture domain', 'best engineering practices', 'total EPC solutions', 'world class capabilities', 'CCS) Project', 'Gas sectors', 'EPC projects', 'project wins', 'project owners', 'Technology company', 'carbon dioxide', 'industrial projects', 'innovative projects', 'innovative solutions', 'fabrication capabilities', 'decarbonisation sector', 'leadership positions', 'services offering', 'United States', 'global EPC', 'CO2 management', 'Southeast Asia', 'extensive prequalification', 'selection process', '3.7 million tonnes', 'early stage', 'global experience', 'quick results', 'business diversification', 'new partnerships', 'Arnaud Pieton', 'lasting partner', 'technical expertise', 'complex assets', 'Abu Dhabi', 'Onshore Oil', 'geographic footprint', 'Arabian Gulf', 'South Asia', 'Caspian region', 'leading Engineering', 'sustainable chemistry', 'extensive technology', 'Euronext Paris', 'offshore installation', 'green hydrogen', 'technological know-how', 'continuous operations', 'expansion plans', 'FEED contract', 'NMDC Group', 'NPCC', 'entry', 'Cairo', 'Egypt', 'subsidiary', 'consortium', 'Storage', 'coast', 'Sarawak', 'Malaysia', 'average', 'decades', 'cooperation', 'CEO', 'strategies', 'renewable', 'vision', 'reputation', 'opportunities', 'long', 'development', 'aspiration', '40 years', 'success', 'reference', 'industry', 'blue', 'addition', 'fields', 'waste', 'biorefining', 'biochemistry', 'ammonia', 'Ends', 'UAE', 'Procurement', 'commissioning', 'operators', 'inception', 'Africa', 'LNG', 'ethylene', 'products', '34 countries', '15,000 people', 'client', 'life', 'boundaries', 'tomorrow', 'ADRs', 'counter', 'information', 'technipenergies']",2022-04-18,2022-04-18,zawya.com
3095,EuroNext,Google API,http://www.koreaherald.com/view.php?ud=20220418000362,SK Telecom’s digital remastering technology Supernova going global,19 hours ago,SK Telecom’s artificial intelligence-powered digital remastering technology Supernova is going global in a new partnership with France’s Verimatrix  a leading provider of content security solutions  the Korean telecom giant said Monday.Supernova aims to recreate digital content by using AI-powered colorization tool  called DeOldify. The technology has already been widely used in remastering classic content or restoring historic records here. Its smartphone app made its global debut at the MWC trade show in February.Verimatrix  listed on Amsterdam’s Euronext exchange  is one of the top security solutions providers for digital content and connected devices that supplies its solutions to more than 1 000 telecom carriers and content creators around the world.Under the partnership  SK Telecom will recreate classic content owned by broadcasting stations or content producers  while Verimatrix will enhance the security of the remastered content. Their target markets include Latin America  Europe and Asia.“Through this partnership  we hope to introduce Supernova’s competitiveness around the world ” said Kim Hyuk  SK Telecom’s global media support lead. “We will speed up our global expansion  contributing to the spread of K-content.”By Lee Ji-yoon ( jylee@heraldcorp.com,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,neutral,0.06,0.92,0.02,True,English,"['digital remastering technology Supernova', 'SK Telecom', 'artificial intelligence-powered digital remastering technology', 'global media support lead', 'top security solutions providers', 'AI-powered colorization tool', 'MWC trade show', 'Korean telecom giant', 'content security solutions', 'digital content', 'global debut', 'global expansion', 'SK Telecom', '1,000 telecom carriers', 'leading provider', 'classic content', 'historic records', 'smartphone app', 'Euronext exchange', 'connected devices', 'content creators', 'broadcasting stations', 'content producers', 'target markets', 'Latin America', 'Kim Hyuk', 'Lee Ji-yoon', 'new partnership', 'Supernova', 'France', 'Verimatrix', 'February', 'Amsterdam', 'world', 'Europe', 'Asia', 'competitiveness', 'spread', 'K-content', 'heraldcorp']",2022-04-18,2022-04-18,koreaherald.com
3096,EuroNext,Google API,https://www.evwind.es/2022/04/18/edpr-and-meta-expand-on-partnership-through-long-term-contract-for-a-new-texas-solar-park/85690,EDPR and Meta expand on partnership through long-term contract for a new Texas solar park,3 hours ago,Cattlemen marks the second PPA EDP Renewables and Meta have executed  with the first being a 139-MW PPA for the 200-MW Headwaters II Wind Farm in Indiana.EDP Renewables (Euronext: EDPR)  the world’s fourth largest renewable energy producer  through its fully owned subsidiary EDP Renewables North America LLC (EDPR NA)  and Meta (NYSE: FB) have executed a long-term power purchase agreement (PPA) for 156-MW at the 240-MW Cattlemen Solar Park in Milam County  located in central Texas.EDPR NA developed and will construct  own  and operate Cattlemen Solar Park  which has an estimated capital investment of approximately $280 million and is anticipated to be operational in 2023. Cattlemen will provide economic benefits by way of payments to local landowners  taxes paid to support essential community services and job opportunities during the project’s construction and operations  among others. The project will also annually power the equivalent of more than 37 000 average Texas homes and save approximately 304 million gallons of water a year.Cattlemen marks the second PPA EDP Renewables and Meta have executed  with the first being a 139-MW PPA for the 200-MW Headwaters II Wind Farm in Indiana. The companies are also partnering on EDPR’s 200-MW Randolph Solar Park  where the entire capacity of the project will be dedicated to supporting Meta’s data center in Mesa  Arizona. In total  EDPR and Meta are working together to bring 495 MW of renewable energy to the grid  supplying to Meta’s goal of supporting its global operations with 100 percent renewable energy.“As our global infrastructure continues to grow  partnerships like the one with EDP Renewables are increasingly important for us to meet our ambitious sustainability goals ” said Urvi Parekh  head of renewable energy at Meta. “Investing in local communities is important to us  and we are proud that this project is bringing new solar energy to the grid  providing construction jobs  and contributing to local water savings.”“EDP Renewables is pleased to collaborate  once again  with Meta on another renewable energy project.” said Miguel Stilwell d’Andrade  CEO of EDP & EDPR. “Projects like Cattlemen Solar Park reinforce our commitment to accelerate the energy transition  while providing clean energy and economic support and opportunities to the local communities in which we operate.”EDP Renewables is a renewable energy industry leader in Texas. To date  the company owns and operates six wind energy projects in the state  totalling 1 089 MW of capacity  which generate electricity equivalent to the consumption of more than 236 000 average Texas homes. Through its projects as well as its North American headquarters in Houston  EDP Renewables has contributed mightily to the Texas economy  through the more than 550 Texans it employs and an estimated $1.9 billion in capital investment.,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,positive,0.88,0.1,0.02,True,English,"['new Texas solar park', 'long-term contract', 'EDPR', 'Meta', 'partnership', '200-MW Headwaters II Wind Farm', 'fourth largest renewable energy producer', 'EDP Renewables North America LLC', 'long-term power purchase agreement', 'Miguel Stilwell d’Andrade', '200-MW Randolph Solar Park', 'renewable energy industry leader', 'six wind energy projects', '240-MW Cattlemen Solar Park', 'second PPA EDP Renewables', 'North American headquarters', 'new solar energy', '100 percent renewable energy', 'essential community services', 'ambitious sustainability goals', '37,000 average Texas homes', '236,000 average Texas homes', 'renewable energy project', 'local water savings', 'energy transition', 'clean energy', '139-MW PPA', 'local landowners', 'local communities', 'central Texas', 'Texas economy', 'Milam County', 'capital investment', 'economic benefits', '304 million gallons', 'data center', 'global infrastructure', 'Urvi Parekh', 'economic support', 'job opportunities', 'entire capacity', 'global operations', 'construction jobs', 'EDPR NA', 'Meta', 'Indiana', 'Euronext', 'world', 'subsidiary', 'NYSE', 'FB', '156-MW', 'way', 'payments', 'taxes', 'others', 'equivalent', 'companies', 'Mesa', 'Arizona', 'total', '495 MW', 'grid', 'partnerships', 'CEO', 'commitment', 'date', 'company', 'state', '1,089 MW', 'electricity', 'consumption', 'Houston', '550 Texans']",2022-04-18,2022-04-18,evwind.es
3097,EuroNext,Google API,https://www.zawya.com/en/press-release/companies-news/cooperation-between-orange-jordan-and-roya-kids-announced-ni5hdrur,Cooperation between Orange Jordan and Roya Kids announced,8 hours ago,"Orange Jordan and Roya Media Group (RMG) have signed a cooperation agreement to provide Orange’s Internet and Fiber subscribers with Roya Kids app  and its specially designed content for kids  to enrich the subscribers’ experiences and offer them added value.The agreement provides subscribers of Orange Internet and Fiber full access to the Roya Kids media library  which includes songs  interactive games  e-books  and international series  for a JD 2 monthly subscription fee.The Chief Consumer Market Officer at Orange Jordan  Naila Al Dawoud  stressed the importance of this partnership to provide Orange Jordan customers with added value  especially the kind of suitable edutainment content for kids that the Roya Kids application will provide  noting the company’s keenness to develop a strategic partnership with pioneers from the educational and entertainment sectors  to ensure an unmatched internet experience in line with Orange Jordan’s role as a responsible digital leader.CEO of RMG  Eng. Fares Sayegh  said  ""Orange Jordan is a distinguished strategic partner  and we are always pleased to cooperate with them and build upon this continuous relationship.""Meanwhile  Lara Safadi  who is in charge of Roya Kids and Games Development Unit  said  ""This is the beginning of a promising collaboration between Roya Kids and Orange for the Jordanian market  and we will continue this cooperation to provide more services in the near future.""Roya Kids app is a safe platform with interactive and fun educational content for children. The app was created and designed by experts in early childhood development and a team of digital content specialists to offer a unique educational experience for children and help parents support their children's educational journey. The full-featured app is available to download from the App Store  Google Play  Huawei AppGallery  and the application's website.-Ends-About Orange JordanOrange Jordan is a leading provider of integrated communications services  with a broad lineup of fixed  mobile  internet data  and managed digital services to meet personal and business markets needs of an expanding total base of about 3.2 million customers across the Kingdom. Over 1600 employees are dedicated to lead the company to ultimate levels of excellence. In 2007  the fixed line  mobile  and internet subsidies rebranded to Orange.The company offers the best network  innovative digital solutions with unmatched customer experience by empowered Orange teams  to be the responsible digital leader in Jordan.With massive investments in infrastructure and services  the company continues to move forward by introducing the most advanced technologies across the Kingdom  becoming the responsible digital leader in the kingdom.Orange Jordan is one of Orange Group’s subsidiaries that offer a wide range of communication services not only to individuals but also to businesses under the brand Orange Business Services (OBS)  through which a comprehensive set of IT and telecommunication services are offered to multinational companies.The company takes pride in seven core values: transparency  agility  results oriented  customer centricity  collaboration  caring and excellence.Through its comprehensive corporate social responsibility strategy  Orange Jordan continues to make sustainable impact on the lives of Jordanians and their communities by focusing on 3 main pillars: digital education  digital inclusion and entrepreneurship.To learn more about us  please visit our website: www.orange.joAbout Orange GroupOrange is one of the world’s leading telecommunications operators with sales of 42.3 billion euros in 2020 and 142 000 employees worldwide at 31 December 2020  including 82 000 employees in France. The Group has a total customer base of 259 million customers worldwide at 31 December 2020  including 214 million mobile customers and 22 million fixed broadband customers. The Group is present in 26 countries. Orange is also a leading provider of global IT and telecommunication services to multinational companies  under the brand Orange Business Services. In December 2019  the Group presented its new ""Engage 2025"" strategic plan  which  guided by social and environmental accountability  aims to reinvent its operator model. While accelerating in growth areas and placing data and AI at the heart of its innovation model  the Group will be an attractive and responsible employer  adapted to emerging professions.Orange is listed on Euronext Paris (symbol ORA) and on the New York Stock Exchange (symbol ORAN).For more information on the internet and on your mobile: www.orange.com  www.orange-business.com or to follow us on Twitter: @orangegrouppr.Orange and any other Orange product or service names included in this material are trademarks of Orange or Orange Brand Services LimitedAbout Roya Media Group (RMG)Roya Media Group is a Jordanian company that targets all segments of the local  regional and regional community. This group operates through service and entertainment platforms directed to a wide range of interests in various media fields. Roya Media Group seeks to deliver its services by taking advantage of the latest technology in the media industry.The idea of launching this group was to create unique local and Arab content  therefore meeting the requirements of viewers by narrating their reality in implementation of the first slogan of Roya using the ‘From_You_To_You’ hashtag.Throughout the years  Roya was keen to present Jordan in its most beautiful form  which allowed it to achieve several successes  one of which was to obtain the title of leading TV station in Jordan.www.royamediagroup.com",neutral,0.03,0.96,0.01,positive,0.72,0.26,0.01,True,English,"['Orange Jordan', 'Roya Kids', 'Cooperation', 'best network, innovative digital solutions', 'comprehensive corporate social responsibility strategy', 'JD 2 monthly subscription fee', 'New York Stock Exchange', 'Chief Consumer Market Officer', 'new ""Engage 2025"" strategic plan', '22 million fixed broadband customers', 'Roya Kids media library', 'Orange Brand Services Limited', 'Naila Al Dawoud', 'Eng. Fares Sayegh', 'distinguished strategic partner', 'early childhood development', 'expanding total base', 'seven core values', 'unmatched customer experience', 'total customer base', 'responsible digital leader', 'Fiber full access', 'suitable edutainment content', 'Games Development Unit', 'business markets needs', 'digital content specialists', 'leading telecommunications operators', 'integrated communications services', 'unique educational experience', 'Roya Media Group', 'unmatched internet experience', 'other Orange product', 'fun educational content', '214 million mobile customers', 'Roya Kids app', 'Orange Jordan customers', 'Orange Business Services', 'mobile, internet data', '3.2 million customers', '259 million customers', 'comprehensive set', 'digital services', 'Jordanian market', 'digital education', 'digital inclusion', 'responsible employer', 'customer centricity', 'strategic partnership', 'fixed line', 'leading provider', 'communication services', 'educational journey', 'full-featured app', 'App Store', 'Fiber subscribers', 'interactive games', 'international series', 'entertainment sectors', 'continuous relationship', 'Lara Safadi', 'near future', 'safe platform', 'Google Play', 'Huawei AppGallery', 'broad lineup', 'ultimate levels', 'internet subsidies', 'massive investments', 'advanced technologies', 'wide range', 'multinational companies', 'results oriented', 'sustainable impact', '3 main pillars', '42.3 billion euros', 'environmental accountability', 'operator model', 'growth areas', 'innovation model', 'emerging professions', 'Euronext Paris', 'local, regional', 'regional community', 'entertainment platforms', 'Orange Internet', 'Orange teams', 'Orange Group', 'subscribers’ experiences', 'The Group', 'added value', 'promising collaboration', 'global IT', 'symbol ORA', 'service names', 'Jordanian company', 'cooperation agreement', 'application', 'RMG', 'songs', 'books', 'importance', 'kind', 'keenness', 'pioneers', 'role', 'CEO', 'charge', 'beginning', 'children', 'experts', 'parents', 'website', 'Ends', 'managed', 'personal', 'Kingdom', '1600 employees', 'excellence', 'infrastructure', 'subsidiaries', 'individuals', 'businesses', 'OBS', 'pride', 'transparency', 'agility', 'caring', 'lives', 'Jordanians', 'communities', 'entrepreneurship', 'world', 'sales', '142,000 employees', '31 December', '82,000 employees', 'France', '26 countries', 'heart', 'attractive', 'information', 'Twitter', 'orangegrouppr', 'material', 'trademarks', 'segments']",2022-04-18,2022-04-18,zawya.com
3098,EuroNext,Google API,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/NUROSOFT-5294719/news/NUROSOFT-Board-of-Directors-of-Neurosoft-SA-approves-2021-Annual-Financial-Statements-ndash-18-0-40079052/,NUROSOFT : Board of Directors of Neurosoft SA approves 2021 Annual Financial Statements – 18/04/2022,5 hours ago,"Iraklio  Attica  April 18th  2022Press ReleaseBoard of Directors of Neurosoft S.A. approves2021 Annual Financial Statements• Consolidated Revenues in 2021 amounted to € 15 76 million (€14 73 million in 2020)• Gross Profit in 2021 amounted to €3 52 million (€0.62 million in 2020)• EBITDA in 2021 amounted to € 2 35 million (€ (0 92) million in 2020)• EBIT in 2021 amounted to € 0 80 million (€ (2 82) million in 2020)• Net Profit in 2021 amounted to € 0.90 million (€ (2 60) million in 2020)• Net Cash in 2021 amounted to € (0.45) million (€0.69million of net debt in 2020)• Total equity structure verifies article 119 par. 4 of L. 4548/2018. The Company's main shareholder is committed to enhance Neurosoft capital structure in case of needIraklio  Attica  April 18  2022 - The Board of Directors of Neurosoft S.A.  a fully integrated ICT Company  traded on Milan's Euronext Growth Italia market(GRS802003004  Reuters NRST.MI  Bloomberg NRST:IM)  has Banca Intermobiliare SpA as its Nominated Adviser  met today and approved Neurosoft's Consolidated Annual Audited Financial Statements (including the results for its subsidiaries  Neurosoft Cyprus Ltd and Neurosoft Romania Srl) for the year ended December 31st  2021.""Our vision is to empower organizations to achieve growth through technology and innovation. We endeavor to increase customer impact by introducing added-value solutions and services that assist productivity  competitiveness  and efficiency in both the Enterprise and Public Sectors. This past year  I have had the privilege to see it in action  as customers of every size  in every industry use our solutions and services to help them address their own challenges and business needs. Year 2021 highlighted the hard work and true commitment of Neurosoft's employees  the creativity of our partners and the trust of our customers resulting to a strong performance. In this context  the financial results which are announced today certify Neurosoft is on a steady growth path."" stated Epameinondas Paschalidis  Chief Executive Officer of Neurosoft S.A.2021 Neurosoft Group Consolidated PerformanceThe FY 2021 ended with consolidated revenues equal to € 15 76 million continuing last year's upturn  proved to be a year that tested Neurosoft resilience and determination in striving for excellence.2021 EBITDA (€2.35 million) illustrates a truly extraordinary year and it is the direct result of the continuous efforts and commitment to deliver value to stakeholders and partners.Economies of scale  cost control processes  expanded clientele basis and strategic alliance reflect the outstanding financial performance.2021 EBIT stands at € 0 80 million (€ - 2 82 million in 2020) and  as a result  2021 Net Profit is equal to € 0 90 million (€ - 2 60 million in 2020).2021 Equity is equal to € 4 06 million (€ 3 13 million in 2020) with a 2021 Net Cash that amounts to € (0.45) million versus net debt of € 0.69 million in 2020.Additionally  as of December 31  2021 the Group and the Company have positive working capital of €3 03 Million and€3 07 Million respectively  as well as  sufficient undrawn borrowing facilities that can be utilized if needed. The Company's main shareholder is committed to enhance its capital structure in case it is deemed necessary  for at least within the next 12 months from the approval of Financial Statements.Anticipated course and Company's development for the year 2022Following a successful 2021 there is optimism regarding the achievement of the 2022 financial and business objectives  despite the clearly difficult global environment affecting the domestic market and economy. TheCompany will continue to invest in added value technological solutions and services  following international market trends  which are expected to yield a dynamic response in the targeted markets. The Company's unique sellingpoint will be its E2E capacity to design  implement  maintain and operate ICT infrastructures providing high-end services from Systems to Field to Cyber. Our focus will remain on the home market  Greece and Cyprus  for both our Systems Engineering and Cyber Security business with the exception of Angel and RedyOps for which we have been receiving interest from international companies. In parallel  the Company will evaluate operational models to ensure a smooth diversification of the Systems Engineering Segment  between the Business Lines of ICT Infrastructure and Field Services  in order to increase customer satisfaction and product specialization.COVID-19 impactMany countries -including Greece- cope with the continuing impact of the Covid-19 pandemic. The Company has implemented a cross functional  company-wide response team focused on addressing the impact of the global pandemic on our employees  customers  liquidity  financial position and continuity of services. The Company has implemented proactive and reactive restrictions  remote working and specific health and safety measures. Neurosoft has also introduced a number of cost and capital expenditure reductions; as well as actions to increase liquidity and flexibility with a focus on effective working capital management. The Company continues to monitor the extent of the coronavirus (COVID-19) global pandemic and its impact on the business  financial condition  liquidity  results of operations  and cash flows. The Management expects that the Company will be enabled to meet the financing costs and working capital needs  and its ability to continue as going concern will not be affected.Geopolitical RisksThe Company is not directly exposed to the geopolitical tension in Europe and the inflationary pressures driven by the energy crisis  however the Company closely monitors the changes and continuously assesses all possible risksImportant related party transactionsRelated parties' transactions have been identified based on the requirements of IAS 24 ""Related Party Disclosures""and Neurosoft procedure for Transaction with Related Parties and are presented in the Financial Statements accordingly.During the 2021  the related party transactions referring to provision of Neurosoft services in the normal course of business  were equal to 7.8 million euro. The Company has adopted the rules provided by the applicable legislation and Euronext Growth Milan rules. In particular  these transactions took place at arm's length (market conditions basis)  within the case of exclusion pursuant to art. 2  lett. e) of Neurosoft Procedure for Transaction with Related Parties and in compliance with art. 7  lett. c) of Euronext Growth Milan Provisions on Related Party Transactions.General Outlook of Business DevelopmentHolding a leading position in the domestic ICT Infrastructure market  we have been targeting the Enterprise and Public Sector segments. Our value proposition has shifted from one-off Capex to recurring aaS revenue streams.Capitalizing on our participation in the Secure ID Document RFP we have opened a solid pipeline for Public Sector projects in Greece and Cyprus mainly in the Network Security and Cyber Security areas.Our core Cyber offerings further developed in the existing customer base through up-selling activities but also x-selling with the Systems Engineering offering. In the maritime market  Angel having been certified by DNV  is now the cyber standard for the industry  confirming the rightness of our decision to partner with Navarino. Angel expanded from ship-to-shore covering all aspects of a modern shipping company.Being pioneers in the Infrastructure-aaS market with EnterpriseLink (SD-WAN  Firewall and Network managed services) we have managed to on-board significant accounts in almost all vertical sectors. Our partnership withTelecom Service Providers created opportunities and brought additional revenue from the Enterprise market  while the forecast for 2022 is very promising.In 2021 we managed to expand our country-wide field services outside the Opap flagship contract. New customers from the transportation and logistics sectors were on-boarded with long term contracts  while in parallel we are expanding rapidly in the retail and banking sectors.General Outlook of Offering DevelopmentThe company's portfolio offers state-of-the-art solutions and services that practically address the entire range of the technology stack . Infrastructure (network  cloud  security)  Cyber and Field services  enhancing the whole lifecycle of business operations from Design and Consulting to Support and Managed Services. Following the decision to spin off and sell the Fintech & Analytics Segment  the Company now focuses on ICT Infrastructure offering through E2E Managed Services.The Cyber Security attack surface has never been more complex or challenging  and security has never been more critical for our customers. Our goal is to help every organization strengthen its security capabilities through our comprehensive solutions that span offensive - RedyOps - defensive - Neutrify  Angel  Illicium - and Compliance offerings. Beyond our products  our operational security posture and threat intelligence help customers defend themselves. The Company this year  introduced new capabilities with an OT Infrastructure Monitoring Service  enabling anyone in the Industrial Sector to start building on intelligence and security on OT network. Having completed the first version of the Defense suite the Company is staring the development of the next era being a ""hybrid"" Security Operation Centre (SOC) over multi-SIEM platforms. The process commenced in 2021Q4 and is expected to be commercially available in 2022Q2. On the assessment side  enhancement of RedyOps Labs and automation of the assessment process have been the main targets in 2021. Research findings have been introduced to the Defense services providing additional and unique value to the customers.The key targets on the Systems Engineering offering evolution were for enhancing our Cloud and Cloud security portfolio and increasing efficiency through technology for our Field Services.On Cloud the key targets are twofold: (i) engage into a multi-cloud proposition  starting with Azure and AWS  with Security being our competitive advantage against competition. The evolution will inevitably involve all current solution offerings  namely Systems  Networking and Cyber Security but also lead to the adoption of new manufacturers and solutions following swift technological enhancements. (ii) tighter integration between all verticals to enhance Customer Centricity especially for Operations Services with common factors like Security and Coverage  either with an element of Time (24x7) or Geographical coverage.On Field Services  the aim is to leverage the scale and infrastructure already built  in order to increase market share focusing on segments with wide presence across Greece. Significant projects have been won in the business fields of Public Transportation and Automatic Parcel Locker (APL)  currently serving the largest APL network. In the forthcoming period the Company will concentrate on the capitalization of the gained recognition  in order to achieve a successful market penetration in the Retail market and Banking sector and to further expand its business in the Transportation sector.Auditor's opinionIn our opinion  the separate and consolidated financial statements present fairly  in all material respects the separate and consolidated financial position of the Company and the Group as at 31 December 2021  their separate and consolidated financial performance and their separate and consolidated cash flows for the year then ended in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards  as adopted by the European Union and comply with the statutory requirements of Law 4548/2018.It is specified that Neurosoft Separate and Consolidated Annual Financial Reports (including the results for its subsidiaries  (Daedalus Technologies FZCO  Neurosoft Cyprus Ltd and Neurosoft Romania S.r.l.) of Neurosoft S.A. onDecember 31st   2021 will be available to the public in compliance with the terms and conditions required by the law  on the company's website www.neurosoft.gr.Restricted **********Neurosoft S.A.  a Greek company listed on the Euronext Growth Milan market   organized and managed by the Italian Stock Exchange (ISINGRS802003004 Reuters NRST.MI Bloomberg NRST:IM)  was founded in 1994 with the vision to provide superior products  innovative solutions and exclusive services to its international clients. Neurosoft is a fully integrated ICT company with Field Services  Systems Integration and Cyber Security capabilities. The staff headcount exceeds 200+ highly skilled employees with deep experience in their field. The company is based in Athens with presence in Cyprus.Business areas covered by Neurosoft: Cyber Security: Provision of high-end Cyber Security solutions and services and development of innovative security products. In a world of viruses  malwares  and hacktivists  Neurosoft has compiled a suite of practical and technologically advanced tools and methods to significantly enhance the protection of your mission-critical data. Systems Engineering: Design  implementation  operation and support of large-scale ICT infrastructure solutions for Operators of Critical Networks and Critical National Infrastructure Stakeholders. Our vast experience in complex projects makes Neurosoft the ideal partner for any ICT infrastructure requirementThe company is committed to client impact  continuous investments in R&D  innovation  adoption of advanced methodologies and well-known international standards (ISO9001 & 27001  ISO 14001  OWASP). It demonstrates a track record of successful local & international group (multi-country) installations & continuous technical support  always on time - on budget - on spec.As of today  Banca Intermobiliare SpA is Neurosoft's Euronext Growth Advisor for the Euronext Growth Milan market.Press release available onwww.neurosoft.grFor further information please contact:INVESTOR RELATIONSNeurosoft S.A. | ir@neurosoft.gr | T: +30 2106855061EURONEXT GROWTH ADVISORBanca Intermobiliare di Investimenti e Gestioni S.p.A.| corporatefinance@bancaintermobiliare.com T:+39 0299968111",neutral,0.02,0.95,0.03,mixed,0.48,0.24,0.28,True,English,"['2021 Annual Financial Statements', 'Neurosoft SA', 'NUROSOFT', 'Board', 'Directors', 'cross functional, company-wide response team', 'Consolidated Annual Audited Financial Statements', 'sufficient undrawn borrowing facilities', 'Euronext Growth Italia market', '2021 Neurosoft Group Consolidated Performance', '2021 Annual Financial Statements', 'Banca Intermobiliare SpA', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'unique selling point', 'capital expenditure reductions', 'steady growth path', 'outstanding financial performance', 'Reuters NRST.MI', 'difficult global environment', 'Neurosoft S.A.', 'Neurosoft Romania Srl', 'positive working capital', 'international market trends', 'Press Release Board', 'cost control processes', 'Neurosoft capital structure', 'Total equity structure', 'Systems Engineering Segment', 'Neurosoft Cyprus Ltd', 'Cyber Security business', 'dynamic response', 'Consolidated Revenues', 'strong performance', 'domestic market', 'home market', 'financial position', 'Bloomberg NRST', 'international companies', 'global pandemic', 'remote working', 'Neurosoft resilience', 'business needs', 'business objectives', 'Business Lines', 'financial results', 'Gross Profit', 'Net Profit', 'Net Cash', 'net debt', 'main shareholder', 'Nominated Adviser', 'Public Sectors', 'hard work', 'Epameinondas Paschalidis', 'continuous efforts', 'clientele basis', 'strategic alliance', 'next 12 months', 'Anticipated course', 'targeted markets', 'E2E capacity', 'ICT infrastructures', 'operational models', 'smooth diversification', 'customer satisfaction', 'product specialization', 'Many countries', 'Covid-19 pandemic', 'reactive restrictions', 'specific health', 'safety measures', 'The FY', 'customer impact', 'COVID-19 impact', 'continuing impact', 'added-value solutions', 'technological solutions', 'ICT Company', 'true commitment', 'direct result', 'The Company', 'high-end services', 'extraordinary year', 'Field Services', '2022 financial', '2021 Equity', 'Iraklio', 'Attica', 'April', 'Directors', 'EBITDA', 'article', 'par.', 'L.', 'case', 'Milan', 'subsidiaries', 'vision', 'organizations', 'technology', 'innovation', 'productivity', 'competitiveness', 'efficiency', 'Enterprise', 'privilege', 'customers', 'size', 'industry', 'challenges', 'employees', 'creativity', 'partners', 'trust', 'context', 'upturn', 'determination', 'excellence', 'stakeholders', 'Economies', 'scale', '2021 EBIT', 'December', 'approval', 'development', 'successful 2021', 'optimism', 'achievement', 'economy', 'focus', 'Greece', 'exception', 'Angel', 'RedyOps', 'interest', 'parallel', 'order', 'liquidity', 'continuity', 'proactive', 'number', 'actions']",2022-04-18,2022-04-18,marketscreener.com
3099,EuroNext,Google API,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/GENEURO-SA-27100923/news/GeNeuro-financial-information-for-the-first-quarter-2022-40078936/,GeNeuro - financial information for the first quarter 2022,6 hours ago,Geneva  Switzerland - GeNeuro (Euronext Paris: CH0308403085 - GNRO)  a biopharmaceutical company developing treatments for neurodegenerative and autoimmune diseases  such as multiple sclerosis (MS)  amyotrophic lateral sclerosis (ALS) and the severe neuropsychiatric consequences of COVID-19 (post-COVID)  reported on its 2022 first quarter cash position.2022 First-quarter financial informationAt March 31  2022   GeNeuro had EUR5.9 million in cash. This includes the first instalment of EUR3.0 million from the Swiss Federal Office for Public Health (FOPH) grant for its post-COVID program  which was received in January 2022 . The available cash resources provide GeNeuro with good visibility until Q2- 2023 in terms of financing its current activities.The cash consumption related to GeNeuro's operating and investing activities in Q1 2022 was EUR2.5 million   compared to EUR2.1 million for the same period of 2021. The increase is due to expenses related to the preparation of the Phase 2 clinical trial in post-COVID  primarily for the manufacturing of a new batch of the company's leading drug candidate  temelimab  which will be used in the clinical trial. Accordingly  Q1 2022 cash consumption was in line with the Company's expectations and also included the payment of outstanding invoices from suppliers and accruals at end December 2021 . With the Company's ProTEctMS clinical trial at the Karolinska Institutet in Stockholm having been completed during Q1 2022  with the topline results announced on March 21  2022   the Company expects its cash consumption to continue decreasing during 2022  excluding the effect of the post-COVID clinical trial.About GeNeuroGeNeuro's mission is to leverage HERV biology to develop safe and effective treatments for the benefit of patients  by neutralizing causal factors encoded by HERVs that represent 8% of human DNA. GeNeuro is based in Geneva  Switzerland and has R&D facilities in Lyon  France . It has rights to 17 patent families protecting its technology.Contact:InvestorsMathilde BohinChairman and CEOT: +33 1 44 71 98 52T: +41 22 552 4800E: investors@geneuro.comMediaArthur RouilleT: +33 1 44 71 94 98E: geneuro@newcap.eu,neutral,0.01,0.97,0.01,positive,0.71,0.27,0.03,True,English,"['financial information', 'first quarter', 'GeNeuro', '2022 first quarter cash position', 'severe neuropsychiatric consequences', '2022 First-quarter financial information', 'Swiss Federal Office', 'leading drug candidate', 'R&D facilities', 'amyotrophic lateral sclerosis', 'available cash resources', 'Phase 2 clinical trial', 'ProTEctMS clinical trial', 'Arthur Rouille T', 'post-COVID clinical trial', 'Q1 2022 cash consumption', 'first instalment', 'multiple sclerosis', 'CEO T', 'Euronext Paris', 'autoimmune diseases', 'Public Health', 'post-COVID program', 'good visibility', 'current activities', 'investing activities', 'same period', 'new batch', 'outstanding invoices', 'end December', 'Karolinska Institutet', 'topline results', 'HERV biology', 'causal factors', 'human DNA', '17 patent families', 'Mathilde Bohin', 'effective treatments', 'biopharmaceutical company', 'Geneva', 'Switzerland', 'GeNeuro', 'GNRO', 'neurodegenerative', 'ALS', 'March', 'FOPH', 'grant', 'January', 'terms', 'operating', 'increase', 'expenses', 'preparation', 'manufacturing', 'temelimab', 'expectations', 'payment', 'suppliers', 'Stockholm', 'mission', 'safe', 'benefit', 'patients', 'HERVs', 'Lyon', 'France', 'rights', 'technology', 'Contact', 'Investors', 'Chairman', 'Media', 'newcap']",2022-04-18,2022-04-18,marketscreener.com
3100,EuroNext,Google API,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/MITHRA-PHARMACEUTICALS-S-22744124/news/Mithra-Pharmaceuticals-S-A-Announces-the-Extension-of-the-Capital-Commitment-Agreement-with-LDA-Ca-40075945/,Mithra Pharmaceuticals S A : Announces the Extension of the Capital Commitment Agreement with LDA Capital by Two Years and the Increase of the Commitment by EUR 25 million,15 hours ago,"18-04-2022 PRESS RELEASE Inside information / Regulated informationMithra Announces the Extension of the Capital Commitment Agreement with LDACapital by Two Years and the Increase of the Commitment by EUR 25 millionLiege  Belgium  18 April 2022 - 7:30 CEST - Mithra Pharmaceuticals SA (Euronext Brussels: MITRA) (""Mithra"" or the ""Company"")  a company dedicated to Women's Health  today announces the extension of the capital commitment agreement with LDA Capital Limited (""LDA Capital"") for a period of two additional years  as well as the increase of the commitment amount by EUR 25 million.Under the terms of the initial agreement entered into in April 20201  LDA Capital has committed an amount of up to EUR 50 million (the ""Capital Commitment"") in cash within a maximum of three years in exchange for new ordinary shares in Mithra. This Capital Commitment can be released based on drawdowns by Mithra in the form of put options that Mithra has the right to exercise at its sole discretion. Since the agreement was signed  Mithra has issued three put option notices for a total amount of about EUR 17 million. With this extension and the additional EUR 25 million  the Company can now rely on funds of up to approximately EUR 58 million  available until April 2025.Under the terms of the initial agreement and in consideration of the conclusion thereof  (i) in July 2020  690 000 subscription rights were issued to the profit of LDA Capital (the ""LDA Subscription Rights"")  and (ii) in September 2020  300 000 subscription rights were jointly issued in favour of François Fornieri  Alychlo NV  and Noshaq SA (called together  the ""Subscription Rights for the Share Loan"")2. As a consequence of the extension of the capital commitment agreement  and subject to the approval of an Extraordinary General Shareholders Meeting of the Company to be convened at the same time as the Ordinary General Shareholders Meeting of the Company or at a later date  the respective terms of the LDA Subscription Rights and the Subscription Rights for the Share Loan will also be extended by two additional years. No new subscription rights have been issued.Christophe Maréchal  CFO Mithra Women's Health  commented: ""We are pleased to have concluded this extension with LDA Capital  which demonstrates their full confidence in Mithra and the potential of our mid and long term projects. During this period marked by various worldwide events impacting the financial markets and therefore limiting the access to various funding  the extension and the increase of this facility allows us to have flexible solutions enabling us to finance our expansion projects"".********For more information  please contact:Benoît Mathieu (IRO) : +32 473 35 80 18 - investorrelations@mithra.com Maud Vanderthommen (Press) : +32 473 58 61 04 - press@mithra.com1 Mithra's press release 24/04/20202 In any event  the total amount of Subscription Rights for the Share Loan that can be exercised do not exceed 300 000.investors.mithra.com• 118-04-2022 PRESS RELEASE Inside information / Regulated informationAbout MithraMithra (Euronext: MITRA) is a Belgian biotech company dedicated to transforming Women's Health by offering new choices through innovation  with a particular focus on contraception and menopause. Mithra's goal is to develop products offering better efficacy  safety and convenience  meeting women's needs throughout their life span. Mithra explores the potential of the unique native estrogen estetrol in a wide range of applications in women health and beyond. After having successfully launched the first estetrol-based product in 2021  the contraceptive pill Estelle®  Mithra is now focusing on its second product Donesta®  the next-generation hormone therapy. Mithra also develops and manufactures complex therapeutics in the areas of contraception  menopause and hormone-dependent cancers. It offers partners a complete spectrum of research  development and specialist manufacturing at its technological platform Mithra CDMO. Active in more than 100 countries around the world  Mithra has an approximate headcount of 300 staff members and is headquartered in Liège  Belgium. www.mithra.comImportant informationThe contents of this announcement include statements that are  or may be deemed to be  ""forward-looking statements"". These forward-looking statements can be identified by the use of forward-looking terminology  including the words ""believes""  ""estimates "" ""anticipates""  ""expects""  ""intends""  ""may""  ""will""  ""plans""  ""continue""  ""ongoing""  ""potential""  ""predict""  ""project""  ""target""  ""seek"" or ""should""  and include statements the Company makes concerning the intended results of its strategy. By their nature  forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties and readers are cautioned that any such forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance. The Company's actual results may differ materially from those predicted by the forward-looking statements. The Company undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise forward-looking statements  except as may be required by law.Subscribe to our mailing list on investors.mithra.com to receive our press releases by email or follow us on our social media :Linkedin • Twitter • Facebookinvestors.mithra.com",neutral,0.01,0.98,0.02,mixed,0.41,0.25,0.33,True,English,"['Mithra Pharmaceuticals S A', 'Capital Commitment Agreement', 'LDA Capital', 'Two Years', 'Extension', 'Increase', 'EUR', 'Extraordinary General Shareholders Meeting', 'unique native estrogen estetrol', 'three put option notices', 'new ordinary shares', 'François Fornieri', 'Christophe Maréchal', 'Benoît Mathieu', 'next-generation hormone therapy', 'long term projects', 'various worldwide events', 'first estetrol-based product', 'two additional years', 'LDA Capital Limited', 'Belgian biotech company', 'new subscription rights', 'LDA Subscription Rights', 'Capital Commitment Agreement', 'Mithra Pharmaceuticals SA', 'CFO Mithra Women', 'three years', 'Two Years', '690,000 subscription rights', '300,000 subscription rights', 'new choices', 'Noshaq SA', 'various funding', 'expansion projects', 'second product', 'initial agreement', 'commitment amount', 'sole discretion', 'Alychlo NV', 'Share Loan', 'same time', 'later date', 'full confidence', 'financial markets', 'flexible solutions', 'Maud Vanderthommen', 'particular focus', 'life span', 'wide range', 'contraceptive pill', 'complex therapeutics', 'hormone-dependent cancers', 'complete spectrum', 'specialist manufacturing', 'technological platform', 'approximate headcount', '300 staff members', 'Liège', 'forward-looking terminology', 'intended results', 'future performance', 'actual results', 'Inside information', 'Regulated information', 'Important information', 'PRESS RELEASE', 'total amount', 'looking statements', 'Euronext Brussels', 'The Company', 'respective terms', 'Mithra CDMO', '1 Mithra', 'Extension', 'Increase', 'Liege', 'Belgium', 'April', '7:30 CEST', 'MITRA', 'Health', 'period', 'cash', 'maximum', 'exchange', 'drawdowns', 'options', 'funds', 'consideration', 'conclusion', 'July', 'profit', 'September', 'favour', 'consequence', 'approval', 'potential', 'mid', 'access', 'facility', 'IRO', 'investorrelations', 'innovation', 'contraception', 'menopause', 'goal', 'products', 'efficacy', 'safety', 'convenience', 'needs', 'applications', 'Estelle®', 'Donesta®', 'areas', 'partners', 'research', 'development', '100 countries', 'contents', 'announcement', 'words', 'target', 'strategy', 'nature', 'risks', 'uncertainties', 'readers', 'guarantees', 'obligation']",2022-04-18,2022-04-18,marketscreener.com
3101,EuroNext,Bing API,https://rogermontgomery.com/two-high-quality-businesses-you-should-get-to-know/,Two high quality businesses you should get to know,Montgomery Investment Management has partnered with US-based fund manager Polen Capital to help deliver superior returns for our investors.  Polen’s team manages US$82 billion in total assets  and its longest-running flagship investment strategy has averaged double-digit annual returns for more than 30 years.,Two high quality businesses you should get to knowMontgomery Investment Management has partnered with US-based fund manager Polen Capital to help deliver superior returns for our investors. Polen’s team manages US$82 billion in total assets  and its longest-running flagship investment strategy has averaged double-digit annual returns for more than 30 years. Here I’d like to share with you two high quality firms in the Polen Capital Global Small and Mid Cap Fund.Tecan Group (SWX: TECN)Tecan Group (market capitalisation of CHF4.4 billion or US$4.7 billion) is a Swiss-based healthcare technology company that makes highly precise instruments  products  and solutions for scientific research and clinical diagnostics.The company operates through two business divisions: Life Science and Partnering. The Life Science Business division supplies end users with automated workflow solutions  which includes laboratory instruments  software packages  application know-how  services  consumables  and spare parts.The Partnering Business division develops and manufactures original equipment manufacturer instruments and components.The company has seen consistently strong customer demand in all business divisions driven by the high quality of its products and solutions  continuous innovation  and strong underlying growth in areas its clients cater to such as genetic research  drug discovery  and detecting and treating cancer.Tecan is a company Polen Capital knows well as it had previously owned Tecan shares in its International (non-US) Small Company growth strategy.Euronext (EPA: ENX)Euronext (market capitalisation of EUR8.8 billion or US$9.6 billion) is a leading European exchange operator with exposure to capital markets across Europe.The company is headquartered in Amsterdam and generates much of its revenue from Italy (34 per cent)  France (28 per cent)  Netherlands (14 per cent)  and Norway (11 per cent)  but also generates revenue in Belgium  Portugal  Ireland  and the US.To highlight its dominant position: Euronext has the number one market share in cash trading in Europe with 25 per cent of European equity flows  the number one position in equity listings in Europe  the number one position in bond trading  the number one position in debt listing – winning around 40 per cent of new bond listings from 2019-2021 – and the number two position in derivatives trading in Europe.It also has sizeable business segments associated with clearing  custody  FX & commodities  data  indexes  and investor services.This is a company Polen Capital has studied for years and the team admires both the strength of the underlying businesses  as well as management’s thoughtful use of mergers and acquisitions to add strategic assets throughout Europe.Polen Capital used the recent volatility in the sharemarket and the recent decline in Euronext’s stock price (from EUR100 to sub EUR80) to opportunistically initiate a position in this best-in-class company. It now comprises around three per cent of The Fund.You can learn more about the Polen Capital Global Small and Mid Cap Fund here.The Polen Capital Global Small and Mid Cap Fund own shares in Tecan Group and Euronext. This article was prepared 14 April 2022 with the information we have today  and our view may change. It does not constitute formal advice or professional investment advice. If you wish to trade these companies you should seek financial advice.,positive,0.98,0.01,0.0,mixed,0.58,0.09,0.33,True,English,"['Two high quality businesses', 'The Life Science Business division', 'US) Small Company growth strategy', 'The Polen Capital Global Small', 'leading European exchange operator', 'original equipment manufacturer instruments', 'The Partnering Business division', 'two high quality firms', 'Swiss-based healthcare technology company', 'Two high quality businesses', 'number one market share', 'strong underlying growth', 'two business divisions', 'sizeable business segments', 'strong customer demand', 'European equity flows', 'US-based fund manager', 'Mid Cap Fund', 'number two position', 'double-digit annual returns', 'professional investment advice', 'number one position', 'Montgomery Investment Management', 'new bond listings', 'automated workflow solutions', 'three per cent', 'The Fund', 'underlying businesses', 'equity listings', 'capital markets', 'market capitalisation', 'precise instruments', 'laboratory instruments', 'superior returns', 'bond trading', '34 per cent', '28 per cent', '25 per cent', '40 per cent', 'dominant position', 'formal advice', 'financial advice', 'total assets', 'scientific research', 'clinical diagnostics', 'end users', 'software packages', 'application know-how', 'spare parts', 'continuous innovation', 'genetic research', 'drug discovery', 'cash trading', 'debt listing', 'derivatives trading', 'thoughtful use', 'strategic assets', 'recent volatility', 'recent decline', 'stock price', 'class company', 'Tecan Group', 'investor services', 'Tecan shares', 'investors', 'team', '30 years', 'SWX', 'TECN', 'CHF', 'products', 'consumables', 'components', 'areas', 'clients', 'cancer', 'International', 'Euronext', 'EPA', 'ENX', 'exposure', 'Amsterdam', 'revenue', 'Italy', 'France', 'Netherlands', 'Norway', 'Belgium', 'Portugal', 'Ireland', 'clearing', 'custody', 'FX', 'commodities', 'data', 'indexes', 'strength', 'mergers', 'acquisitions', 'sharemarket', 'article', 'information', 'view', 'companies']",2022-04-18,2022-04-18,rogermontgomery.com
3102,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.musicbusinessworldwide.com/confirmed-deezer-going-public-at-1-16bn-valuation-via-merger-with-spac-in-france/,Confirmed: Deezer  with a $1.16bn valuation  is going public via merger with SPAC in France,On a fully diluted basis  the I2PO merger gives Deezer a pre-money equity valuation of EUR €1.050 billion (USD $1.13bn at current exchange rates). That valuation corresponds to an enterprise valuation of approximately €1.,It was rumored last week – now it’s a done deal.Streaming company Deezer has reached a definitive agreement to combine its business with I2PO  a Special Purpose Acquisition Company (SPAC) based in France.As a result  Deezer is to publicly list on the Euronext Paris  seven years after its last attempt at an IPO failed.On a fully diluted basis  the I2PO merger gives Deezer a pre-money equity valuation of EUR €1.050 billion (USD $1.13bn at current exchange rates).That valuation corresponds to an enterprise valuation of approximately €1.075 billion ($1.16bn)  I2PO confirmed today (April 18).In that announcement  I2PO called Deezer “the second largest independent music streaming platform in the world”  confirming that the service currently has 9.6 million subscribers globally.I2PO’s announcement also confirmed that Deezer generated revenue of EUR €400 million in 2021  and stated that the plan for the merger was to be a “catalyst for Deezer’s next stage of growth  with the ambition to achieve €1 billion revenue by 2025  and a clear path to operating profitability and positive cash-flow”.After the merger is completed  the combined company will benefit from the cash currently held by I2PO  in addition to cash raised through a PIPE (Private Investment in Public Equity).This PIPE has been subscribed by most of the existing shareholders of Deezer including Access Industries  Universal Music Group  Warner Music Group  Orange  Kingdom Holdings  Eurazeo and Xavier Niel  as well as a group of long-term French and international investors including Groupe Artémis  Bpifrance and Media Participations.Via the PIPE (and a non-redemption undertaking)  a total amount of €135 million ($145m) has been secured to date.I2PO says this amount meets “the minimum cash condition [needed] to pursue the group’s growth strategy  regardless of final redemption rate”.I2PO will be renamed Deezer upon completion of the merger.Iris Knobloch  Chairwoman of the Board of Directors and Chief Executive Officer of I2PO  commented: “With its well-established brand  first-class management team and scalable platform  Deezer is poised to continue to capture a significant share in the booming music streaming growth.“This is a perfect match and a transformational deal that will deliver long-term value creation for our shareholders as Deezer is a unique asset with considerable strategic avenues for future growth.“With Deezer’s hybrid B2B/B2C strategy to enter key international markets  its highly competitive technology and focus on ESG  we are confident that the company is well-positioned to disrupt and consolidate while providing a high-quality music streaming service to millions of users around the world.”“With Deezer’s hybrid B2B/B2C strategy to enter key international markets  its highly competitive technology and focus on ESG  we are confident that the company is well-positioned to disrupt and consolidate while providing a high-quality music streaming service to millions of users around the world.” Iris Knobloch  I2PO (soon to be renamed Deezer)François-Henri Pinault  co-founder and Member of the Board of Directors of I2PO  declared: “We launched the first European SPAC dedicated to entertainment and leisure with the ambition to take a European champion to new heights. In Deezer  we have found the ideal combination. I2PO brings an extensive international network and a complementary skill set to help develop Deezer as the leading independent music streaming platform through strong positions in selected key markets. We are excited to accompany one of the emblematic European tech leaders in its next chapter as a public company listed in Paris.”Matthieu Pigasse  co-founder and Member of the Board of Directors of I2PO  added: “Music is life. It is the only universal language. Where words fail  music speaks. As a longtime investor in the media and entertainment world and a customer of Deezer  I know first-hand that Deezer is the home of music  with the best experience possible and a unique potential. ‘The future is unwritten’ said Joe Strummer (The Clash). With Deezer  we’re going to write together the future of music streaming  with a great team  fantastic tech capabilities  a differentiated business platform and an ability to scale.”Guillaume d’Hauteville  Chairman of the Board of Deezer  said: “Deezer has been accelerating its momentum substantially over the past months  reaching again double-digit growth in February. With the imminent launch of the RTL+ partnership in Germany  among other developments  the future of Deezer is brighter than ever.“We chose to go public via a merger with I2PO as this route allowed us to review our future business plans and opportunities with an excellent team  increase our financial means  keep our strategic potential  and provide liquidity to our current and future shareholders.“I would also like to thank all Deezer employees  its management team and historical shareholders led by Access Industries  for having allowed the company to become what it is today and for continuing to do so with further investments as part of this transaction. In addition  today’s transaction is another landmark for Access Industries as we like to help our music and digital investments  such as Deezer  Spotify  Beats  Warner Music or DAZN  to name a few  grow and become references in their respective markets.”Jeronimo Folgueira  Chief Executive Officer of Deezer  added: “Today marks an important milestone in Deezer’s history as we embark on a journey to become a publicly traded company on Euronext Paris. I am thrilled to partner with I2PO who will provide us with the expertise  the global network and the capital we need to execute our strategic plan.“We are uniquely positioned on the growing music streaming industry  with a very competitive product  a clear strategy and an experienced and renewed management team to seize this opportunity and create substantial shareholder value.”Music Business Worldwide,neutral,0.02,0.83,0.15,mixed,0.59,0.16,0.25,True,English,"['$1.16bn valuation', 'Deezer', 'merger', 'SPAC', 'France', 'leading independent music streaming platform', 'emblematic European tech leaders', 'Special Purpose Acquisition Company', 'high-quality music streaming service', 'booming music streaming growth', 'fantastic tech capabilities', 'Groupe Artémis', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'François-Henri Pinault', 'complementary skill set', 'Guillaume d’Hauteville', 'extensive international network', 'hybrid B2B/B2C strategy', 'differentiated business platform', 'final redemption rate', 'long-term value creation', 'considerable strategic avenues', 'key international markets', 'current exchange rates', 'first European SPAC', 'Warner Music Group', 'first-class management team', 'minimum cash condition', 'pre-money equity valuation', 'Universal Music Group', 'future business plans', 'key markets', 'Streaming company', 'scalable platform', 'European champion', 'growth strategy', 'international investors', 'Public Equity', 'long-term French', 'redemption undertaking', 'universal language', 'strategic potential', 'great team', 'excellent team', 'double-digit growth', 'done deal', 'definitive agreement', 'last attempt', 'diluted basis', 'enterprise valuation', '9.6 million subscribers', 'next stage', 'clear path', 'operating profitability', 'positive cash-flow', 'Private Investment', 'Access Industries', 'Kingdom Holdings', 'Xavier Niel', 'Iris Knobloch', 'significant share', 'perfect match', 'transformational deal', 'unique asset', 'competitive technology', 'new heights', 'ideal combination', 'strong positions', 'next chapter', 'Matthieu Pigasse', 'longtime investor', 'best experience', 'unique potential', 'Joe Strummer', 'The Clash', 'past months', 'imminent launch', 'RTL+ partnership', 'other developments', 'financial means', 'future growth', 'combined company', 'public company', 'existing shareholders', 'historical shareholders', 'Euronext Paris', '€1 billion revenue', 'Media Participations', 'total amount', 'future shareholders', 'Deezer employees', 'entertainment world', 'I2PO merger', 'France', 'result', 'IPO', 'April', 'announcement', 'catalyst', 'ambition', 'addition', 'PIPE', 'Orange', 'Eurazeo', 'date', 'completion', 'Chairwoman', 'Board', 'Directors', 'ESG', 'millions', 'users', 'founder', 'Member', 'leisure', 'life', 'words', 'customer', 'home', 'scale', 'Chairman', 'momentum', 'February', 'Germany', 'route', 'opportunities', 'liquidity']",2022-04-18,2022-04-18,musicbusinessworldwide.com
3103,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.morningstar.com/news/business-wire/20220418005381/consumer-insights-unlocked-by-new-urw-research-on-sustainabilitys-impact-on-purchase-decisions-attitudes,Consumer Insights Unlocked by New URW Research on Sustainability’s Impact on Purchase Decisions & Attitudes,Majority of consumers value sustainably sourced goods and are willing to pay a premium for environmentally sustainable items Most consumers are willing to pay a premium for environmentally sustainable items ,Consumer Insights Unlocked by New URW Research on Sustainability’s Impact on Purchase Decisions & AttitudesMajority of consumers value sustainably sourced goods and are willing to pay a premium for environmentally sustainable itemsMost consumers are willing to pay a premium for environmentally sustainable items  a new survey by Unibail-Rodamco-Westfield (URW) shows. Released today  the survey shows that sustainability is at the forefront of most consumers’ minds when making purchasing decisions and highlights consumer attitudes  behaviors  and desires around being increasingly environmentally conscious. The research is based on a survey of over 6 500 Westfield shoppers across the U.S.This press release features multimedia. View the full release here: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20220418005381/en/Westfield shoppers have a high adoption percentage for hybrid and electric vehicle ownership at 29%  compared to 7% nationally. While visiting a Westfield center  they can access ultra-fast  state-of-the-art charging technology that allows capable EVs to add up to 20 miles of range per minute. (Graphic: Business Wire)“Sustainability is important and a top measure of our success  which is why we’re always looking at new and better ways to reduce our environmental footprint and strengthen our social impact. We are committed to serving our communities by focusing on areas like solar energy  utility management  water conservation  and increasing accessibility to electric vehicle charging stations ” said Shelly Schembre  Senior Vice President of Shopping Center Management Operations  URW. “Conducting surveys to gather insights is one way we are listening to our shoppers; we then use that information to inform how we expand our efforts through strategic partnerships and programs.”Westfield shoppers are willing to pay more for sustainable goodsSustainably sourced goods often come with a higher price tag  but most consumers (90%) said that they are willing to pay a premium to purchase items that meet their environmentally sustainable criteria. The willingness to pay a price increase ranges  with at least 60% of respondents willing to pay a 10% mark up for products they consider sustainable and 10% even willing to pay between 25% and 40% more.Reducing food waste tops consumers’ eco-consciousness listAmong shopping center categories  Westfield shoppers have the highest expectations around eco-consciousness for food (75%)  health & beauty (48%)  and fashion (39%). When asked about food sustainability  consumers like to see locally sourced produce  farm-to-table  donations of excess food and composting programs.Helping the environment by reusing  recycling  and repairConsumers care about the environment and are doing their own part to make a positive impact on the planet. Eight in 10 (79%) Westfield shoppers say they reuse  recycle  and upcycle. In fact  over half (55%) buy items with less packaging; 43% consolidate deliveries to reduce packaging waste; and 43% have reduced their meat consumption.Three in four (74%) have brought their own reusable tote to a grocery store  and 59% have brought one to a non-grocery store. Over half (54%) purchase items made from recycled materials  half participate in clothing/shoe recycling  and 45% repair items instead of tossing.Hybrid and electric vehicles gaining momentum around Westfield centersWestfield shoppers have a high adoption percentage for hybrid and electric vehicle ownership at 29%  compared to 7% nationally – over 1 in 10 (12%) own an electric vehicle and 2 in 10 (21%) have a hybrid vehicle. In addition  a tenth of Westfield customers arrived by car to center locations in an electric vehicle and of these  21% charged the vehicle on site.The trends emerging from the survey align with URW’s broader commitments to environmental sustainability and will be used to help inform additional ways the company can meet these consumer needs. URW’s Better Places 2030 strategy to reduce its greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions 50% by the year 2030 also includes mandates to send zero waste to landfill and integrate circular economy design solutions by 2025.###About Unibail-Rodamco-WestfieldUnibail-Rodamco-Westfield is the premier global developer and operator of Flagship Destinations  with a portfolio valued at €54.5 Bn as at December 31  2021  of which 86% in retail  6% in offices  5% in convention & exhibition venues and 2% in services. Currently  the Group owns and operates 85 shopping centres  including 53 Flagships in the most dynamic cities in Europe and the United States. Present on two continents and in 12 countries  Unibail-Rodamco-Westfield provides a unique platform for retailers and brand events and offers an exceptional and constantly renewed experience for customers. With the support of its 2 800 professionals and an unparalleled track-record and know-how  Unibail-Rodamco-Westfield is ideally positioned to generate superior value and develop world-class projects. Unibail-Rodamco-Westfield distinguishes itself by its Better Places 2030 agenda  that sets its ambition to create better places that respect the highest environmental standards and contribute to better cities. Unibail-Rodamco-Westfield stapled shares are listed on Euronext Amsterdam and Euronext Paris (Euronext ticker: URW)  with a secondary listing in Australia through Chess Depositary Interests. The Group benefits from a BBB+ rating from Standard & Poor’s and from a Baa2 rating from Moody’s.For more information  please visit www.urw.comVisit our Media Library at https://mediacentre.urw.comFollow the Group updates on Twitter @urw_group  Linkedin @Unibail-Rodamco-Westfield and InstagramRobyn Cottelli  robyn.cottelli@urw.com  929.254.8309View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20220418005381/en/,neutral,0.05,0.93,0.03,positive,0.6,0.34,0.06,True,English,"['New URW Research', 'Consumer Insights', 'Purchase Decisions', 'Sustainability', 'Impact', 'Attitudes', 'circular economy design solutions', 'Shopping Center Management Operations', 'electric vehicle charging stations', 'high adoption percentage', 'Senior Vice President', 'higher price tag', 'price increase ranges', 'shopping center categories', 'Better Places 2030 strategy', 'premier global developer', 'Better Places 2030 agenda', 'electric vehicle ownership', 'most consumers’ minds', 'consumers’ eco-consciousness list', 'New URW Research', 'Westfield center', 'charging technology', 'utility management', '85 shopping centres', 'electric vehicles', 'Purchase Decisions', 'purchasing decisions', 'U.S.', 'press release', 'full release', 'capable EVs', 'Business Wire', 'top measure', 'environmental footprint', 'solar energy', 'water conservation', 'Shelly Schembre', 'one way', 'strategic partnerships', 'sustainable criteria', 'highest expectations', 'less packaging', 'packaging waste', 'meat consumption', 'reusable tote', 'grocery store', 'recycled materials', 'broader commitments', 'consumer needs', 'greenhouse gas', 'zero waste', 'Flagship Destinations', 'exhibition venues', 'dynamic cities', 'United States', 'two continents', 'unique platform', 'brand events', 'unparalleled track-record', 'superior value', 'world-class projects', '6,500 Westfield shoppers', 'food waste', 'excess food', 'hybrid vehicle', 'social impact', 'positive impact', 'Consumer Insights', 'sustainable items', 'consumer attitudes', 'composting programs', 'clothing/shoe recycling', 'Westfield customers', 'additional ways', 'environmental sustainability', 'sustainable goods', 'new survey', 'food sustainability', '45% repair items', 'Majority', 'premium', 'environmentally', 'Unibail-Rodamco-Westfield', 'forefront', 'behaviors', 'desires', 'multimedia', 'businesswire', 'news', '20 miles', 'minute', 'Graphic', 'success', 'communities', 'areas', 'accessibility', 'surveys', 'information', 'efforts', 'Sustainably', 'willingness', 'respondents', '10% mark', 'products', 'Reducing', 'health', 'beauty', 'fashion', 'produce', 'table', 'donations', 'planet', 'fact', 'half', 'deliveries', 'momentum', 'tenth', 'car', 'locations', 'site', 'trends', 'company', 'GHG', 'emissions', 'year', 'mandates', 'landfill', 'operator', 'portfolio', 'December', 'retail', 'offices', 'convention', 'services', 'Group', '53 Flagships', 'Europe', '12 countries', 'exceptional', 'experience', 'support', '2,800 professionals', 'know-how']",2022-04-18,2022-04-18,morningstar.com
3104,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,.⁦@Deezer⁩ goes public on ⁦@euronext_fr⁩  https://t.co/umFdUwIU1t,nan,.⁦@Deezer⁩ goes public on ⁦@euronext_fr⁩  https://t.co/umFdUwIU1t,neutral,0.04,0.91,0.05,neutral,0.04,0.91,0.05,True,English,"['Deezer', 'Deezer']",2022-04-18,2022-04-18,Unknown
3105,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,French music streaming platform #Deezer is merging with I2PO  a SPAC  to list on Euronext #Paris.#Forbeshttps://t.co/pPhx2zxTrY,nan,French music streaming platform #Deezer is merging with I2PO  a SPAC  to list on Euronext #Paris.#Forbeshttps://t.co/pPhx2zxTrY,neutral,0.04,0.93,0.03,neutral,0.04,0.93,0.03,True,English,"['French music streaming platform', 'Euronext #Paris', 'I2PO', 'SPAC', 'pPhx2zxTrY', 'French music streaming platform', 'Euronext #Paris', 'I2PO', 'SPAC', 'pPhx2zxTrY']",2022-04-18,2022-04-18,Unknown
3106,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,@lizziejaynee euronext is my new favourite word,nan,@lizziejaynee euronext is my new favourite word,positive,0.85,0.13,0.01,positive,0.85,0.13,0.01,True,English,"['new favourite word', 'lizziejaynee euronext', 'new favourite word', 'lizziejaynee euronext']",2022-04-18,2022-04-18,Unknown
3107,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,dixy chicken whej sober🤮dixy chicken euronext drunk🥰🥰🥰,nan,dixy chicken whej sober🤮dixy chicken euronext drunk🥰🥰🥰,negative,0.14,0.38,0.49,negative,0.14,0.38,0.49,True,English,"['dixy chicken whej', 'dixy chicken whej']",2022-04-18,2022-04-18,Unknown
