UID,Searchword,API,URL,Title,Summary,Article,Title_Sentiment,Title_Positive,Title_Neutral,Title_Negative,Article_Sentiment,Article_Positive,Article_Neutral,Article_Negative,Verified,Language,Topics,Date,Load_Date,Source
34444,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/ALROSA-12786909/news/ALROSA-announces-fulfilment-of-its-Eurobond-2027-obligations-in-accordance-with-the-requirements-o-45648874/,ALROSA : announces fulfilment of its Eurobond-2027 obligations in accordance with the requirements of Russian legislation -December 29  2023 at 04:34 am EST,(marketscreener.com)  29 Dec 2023   PJSC ALROSA announces payment of the latest coupon in fulfilment of its obligations under a Eurobond issue in the amount of USD 500 000 000  maturing in 2027   scheduled for payment on 25 December 2023  and - as 25 and …,"29 Dec 2023PJSC ALROSA (the ""Company"") announces payment of the latest coupon in fulfilment of its obligations under a Eurobond issue in the amount of USD 500 000 000  maturing in 2027 (the ""Eurobonds"")  scheduled for payment on 25 December 2023  and - as 25 and 26 of December is non-business day in USA  Luxembourg and UK - due to be paid on 27 December 2023 (the ""Coupon"").In accordance with the Russian Federation Presidential Decrees No. 95  dated 5 March 2022  and No. 430  dated 5 July 2022  on 29 December 2023  the Company transferred funds to JSD NSD (National Settlement Depository) for further transfer to Eurobond holders whose rights are recorded in the Russian depository infrastructure in accordance with the registers of Eurobond holders collated on 22 December 2023 (the business day prior to the date on which payment of the Coupon was due) as a result of the procedure to identify holders of ALROSA Eurobonds conducted by JSD NSD. The Coupon payment was made in Russian Roubles in accordance with the procedure determined by the Decision of the Bank of Russia Board of Directors dated 23 December 2022.The fulfilment of Eurobond coupon payment obligations as stipulated in the terms and conditions of the issuing documentation to holders whose rights are registered in foreign depository infrastructure (in particular through the Euroclear  Clearstream  and DTC settlement and clearing systems) remains technically impossible due to the sanctions imposed on the Company.* * *Eurobond coupon payment Previous newsThe Company is fully committed to its Eurobond payment obligations  and is taking possible steps and measures to protect the interests of all its Eurobond holders in equal measure. The Company is considering possible ways in which it might fulfil its obligations in the current circumstances.",neutral,0.09,0.9,0.01,negative,0.01,0.05,0.94,True,English,"['Eurobond-2027 obligations', 'Russian legislation', 'ALROSA', 'fulfilment', 'accordance', 'requirements', 'December', '04', 'Eurobond coupon payment Previous news', 'Russian Federation Presidential Decrees', 'Eurobond coupon payment obligations', 'Russian depository infrastructure', 'foreign depository infrastructure', 'National Settlement Depository', 'The Coupon payment', 'Eurobond payment obligations', 'Russian Roubles', 'Eurobond issue', 'latest coupon', 'DTC settlement', 'Eurobond holders', 'PJSC ALROSA', 'JSD NSD', 'Russia Board', 'clearing systems', 'possible steps', 'equal measure', 'possible ways', 'current circumstances', 'The Company', 'business day', 'ALROSA Eurobonds', 'fulfilment', 'amount', 'USD', '25 December', 'USA', 'Luxembourg', 'UK', '27 December', 'accordance', '5 March', 'No.', '29 December', 'funds', 'transfer', 'rights', 'registers', '22 December', 'date', 'result', 'procedure', 'Decision', 'Bank', 'Directors', 'terms', 'conditions', 'issuing', 'documentation', 'Euroclear', 'Clearstream', 'sanctions', 'measures', 'interests']",2023-12-29,2023-12-30,marketscreener.com
34445,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/MOTA-ENGIL-SGPS-S-A-5820/news/Mota-Engil-SGPS-S-A-informs-on-the-Notes-Prospectus-50-000-000-Fixed-Rate-Notes-due-2028--45650667/,Mota Engil SGPS S A : informs on the Notes Prospectus “€50 000 000 Fixed Rate Notes due 2028” -December 29  2023 at 11:03 am EST,"(marketscreener.com)   Mota-Engil  SGPS  S.A.      Prospectus for admission to trading of the ""€50 000 000 Fixed Rate Notes due 2028""   Mota-Engil  SGPS  S.A. issued an€50 000 000 aggregate principal amount of notes due 12 June 2028 in the denomina…","Mota-Engil  SGPS  S.A. (incorporated with limited liability under the laws of Portugal) Prospectus for admission to trading of the ""€50 000 000 Fixed Rate Notes due 2028"" Mota-Engil  SGPS  S.A. (the ""Issuer"") issued an€50 000 000 aggregate principal amount of notes due 12 June 2028 in the denomination of €1 000 each (the ""Notes"") on 11 December 2023 (the ""Issue Date""). The Notes bear interest on their aggregate principal amount at a fixed rate of 7.25 per cent per annum. The Issuer will pay interest on the Notes semi-annually in arrears on 12 June and 12 December of each year  from and including the Issue Date to and excluding 12 June 2028 (the ""Maturity Date""). Unless previously redeemed or repurchased by the Issuer and cancelled  each Note shall be finally redeemed at its principal amount outstanding on the Maturity Date. The Notes constitute direct  senior  unconditional  unsecured (subject to the provisions of Condition 2.2(a) of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes in Chapter 8 (the ""Terms and Conditions of the Notes"")) and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer and rank pari passu  without any preference among themselves  and (save for certain obligations required to be preferred by law) equally with all other unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer  from time to time outstanding. The Notes are not guaranteed. The Notes were issued in dematerialised book-entry form (forma escritural) and are integrated and registered in and held through Interbolsa - Sociedade Gestora de Sistemas de Liquidação e de Sistemas Centralizados de Valores Mobiliários  S.A. (""Interbolsa"")  as operator of the Portuguese central securities clearing system (Central de Valores Mobiliários or ""CVM""). The Notes are ""nominativas""  which means that Interbolsa can  at the Issuer's request  ask the affiliate members of Interbolsa for information regarding the identity of the holders of the Notes and transmit such information to the Issuer. CVM currently has links in place with Euroclear Bank S.A./N.V. (""Euroclear"") and Clearstream Banking  Société Anonyme  Luxembourg (""Clearstream"")  through accounts held by Euroclear and Clearstream with financial intermediaries for the purposes of the Portuguese Securities Code  and which are entitled to hold control accounts with Interbolsa on behalf of holders of the Notes (each  an ""Affiliate Member of Interbolsa""). Investors should have regard to Chapter 6 - Mota-Engil Group's sustainable development goals  which describes the basis on which the Issuer and the External Verifiers will assess whether the Sustainability Performance Target has been met. This prospectus (the ""Prospectus"") constitutes a prospectus for the purposes of Article 6(3) of Regulation (EU) 12017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 14 June 2017 on the prospectus to be published when securities are offered to the public or admitted to trading on a regulated market  as amended (the ""Prospectus Regulation""). This Prospectus will be published in electronic form  together with all documents incorporated by reference herein or annexed hereto  on a dedicated section of the website of the Issuer (www.mota-engil.com) and Société de la Bourse de Luxembourg S.A. (the ""Luxembourg Stock Exchange"") (www.luxse.com). This Prospectus was approved by the Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier  (""CSSF"") which is the Luxembourg competent authority under the Prospectus Regulation. The CSSF only approves this Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness  comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. Such approval should neither be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer that is the subject of this Prospectus  nor of the quality of the Notes. By approving this Prospectus  the CSSF shall give no undertaking as to the economic and financial soundness of the transactions contemplated by this Prospectus or the quality or solvency of the Issuer in line with the provisions of Article 6(4) of the Luxembourg law of 16 July 2019 on prospectuses for securities. The Prospectus was prepared for the purposes set forth in Articles 1(1) and 3(3) of the Prospectus Regulation and its form and content comply with Delegated Regulation 2019/979  Delegated Regulation 2019/980 and any other applicable legal and regulatory provisions  in connection with the application that has been made to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange for the Notes to be listed on the official list (the ""Official List"") of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and admitted to trading on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (the ""Bourse de Luxembourg"") as from the Listing Date. The regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange is a regulated market for the purpose of Directive 2014/65/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 15 May 2014 on markets in financial instruments  as amended (""EU MiFID II"")  appearing on the list of regulated markets published by the European Securities and Markets Authority (""ESMA"") on its website (a ""Regulated Market""). This Prospectus will be valid for 12 months after its approval  i.e. until 29 December 2024. In case of a significant new factor  material mistake or material inaccuracy relating to the information included in this Prospectus which may affect the assessment of the Notes  the Issuer will prepare and publish a supplement to the Prospectus without undue delay in accordance with Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. The obligation of the Issuer to supplement this Prospectus will cease to apply with the admission to trading of the Notes on the Bourse de Luxembourg and  at the latest  upon expiry of the validity period of this Prospectus. An investment in the Notes involves certain risks. Please see Chapter 2 (Risk Factors). Investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Notes and shall refer  in particular  to the ""Terms and Conditions of the Notes"" and ""Taxation"" chapters of this Prospectus for the procedures to be followed in order to receive payments under the Notes. Noteholders are required to comply with the procedures and certification requirements described herein in order to receive payments on the Notes free from Portuguese withholding tax. Noteholders must rely on the procedures of Interbolsa to receive payments under the Notes. 2The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act"")  or any U.S. State securities laws and may not be offered or sold in the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  U.S. persons as defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act  unless an exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act is available  and in accordance with all applicable securities laws of any state of the United States and of any other jurisdiction. Global Coordinator Haitong Bank The date of this Prospectus is 29 December 2023. 3IMPORTANT INFORMATION This Prospectus is to be read in conjunction with all documents which are deemed to be incorporated in it by reference or annexed (see Chapter 10 (Documents incorporated by reference and documentation available to the public). This Prospectus shall be read and construed on the basis that those documents are incorporated in and form part of this Prospectus. Investors in the Notes should rely only on the information contained in this Prospectus. No person is or has been authorised by the Issuer to give any information or to make any representation not contained in or not consistent with this Prospectus or any other information supplied in connection with the Notes  or any information supplied by the Issuer or such other information as is in the public domain  and  if given or made  such information or representation must not be relied upon as having been authorised by the Issuer or by the Global Coordinator. The Global Coordinator has not independently verified the information contained herein. Accordingly  no representation  warranty or undertaking whatsoever  express or implied  is made and no responsibility or liability is accepted by the Global Coordinator as to the authenticity  origin  validity  accuracy or completeness of the information contained or incorporated in this Prospectus  or of any other information provided by the Issuer in connection with the Notes. The Global Coordinator does not accept any liability in relation to the information contained or incorporated by reference in  or annexed to  this Prospectus or to any other information provided by the Issuer in connection with the Notes. Neither the delivery of this Prospectus  nor the offering  sale or delivery of any Note shall  in any circumstances  create any implication that the information contained in this Prospectus is true  correct  complete and updated after the date hereof or the date on which this Prospectus has been most recently amended or supplemented  or that there has been any adverse change  or any event reasonably likely to involve any adverse change  in the prospects or the financial or trading position of the Issuer since the date hereof or  if later  the date on which this Prospectus has been most recently amended or supplemented  or that any other information supplied in connection with the Notes is true  correct  complete and updated at any time after the date on which it is supplied or  if different  the date indicated in the document containing the same. Neither this Prospectus  nor any other information supplied in connection with the Notes (a) is intended to provide the basis of any credit or other evaluation  or (b) should be considered as a recommendation by the Issuer or by the Global Coordinator that any recipient of this Prospectus or of any other information supplied in connection with the Notes should purchase any Notes. Each investor contemplating the purchase of any Notes should make its own independent investigation of the financial condition and affairs  and its own appraisal of the creditworthiness  of the Issuer. Neither this Prospectus  nor any other information supplied in connection with any offering of the Notes  constitutes an offer or invitation by or on behalf of the Issuer  or the Global Coordinator  to any person to purchase any Notes. 4The distribution of this Prospectus and the offering  sale and delivery of the Notes in certain jurisdictions may be restricted by law. Persons into whose possession this Prospectus comes are required by the Issuer and by the Global Coordinator to inform themselves about and to observe any such restrictions. This Prospectus may not be used for or in connection with any offer to  or solicitation by  anyone in any jurisdiction in which such offer or solicitation is not authorised or to any person to whom it is unlawful to make such offer or solicitation. The Issuer and the Global Coordinator do not make any representation to any investor in the Notes regarding the legality of this investment under any applicable laws. Any investor in the Notes should be able to bear the economic risk of an investment in the Notes for an indefinite period of time. Neither the delivery of this Prospectus  nor the offering  sale or delivery of any Notes  shall in any circumstances imply that the information contained in it concerning the Issuer is correct at any time subsequent to its date or that any other information supplied in connection with the Notes is correct as of any time subsequent to the date indicated in the document containing the same. The Global Coordinator expressly does not undertake to review the financial condition or affairs of the Issuer during the life of the Notes  or to advise any investor in the Notes of any information coming to its attention. In this Prospectus  unless otherwise specified  references to a ""Member State"" are references to a Member State of the European Economic Area and references to ""EUR"" or ""Euro"" are to the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of the European Economic and Monetary Union  as defined in Article 2 of Council Regulation (EC) No 974/98 of 3 May 1998 on the introduction of the Euro  as amended. This Prospectus was prepared for the admission to trading of the Notes on a regulated market and does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any Notes in any jurisdiction. Each recipient of this Prospectus shall be taken to have made its own investigation and appraisal of the condition (financial or otherwise) of the Issuer. The Issuer and the Global Coordinator do not represent that this Prospectus may be lawfully distributed  or that any Notes may be lawfully offered  in compliance with any applicable registration or other requirements in any such jurisdiction  or pursuant to an exemption available thereunder  or assume any responsibility for facilitating any such distribution or offering. In particular  no action has been taken by the Issuer or by the Global Coordinator which is intended to permit a public offering of any Notes or the distribution of this Prospectus in any jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required. Accordingly  no Notes may be offered or sold  directly or indirectly  and neither this Prospectus nor any advertisement or other offering material may be distributed or published in any jurisdiction  except under circumstances that will result in compliance with any applicable laws and regulations. Persons into whose possession this Prospectus or any Notes may come must inform themselves about  and observe  any such restrictions on the distribution of this Prospectus and on the offering and sale of Notes. No comment is made or advice is given by the Issuer or by the Global Coordinator in respect of taxation matters 5relating to the Notes and each investor is advised to consult its own professional adviser. 6PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS The Notes were not offered  sold  or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area (the ""EEA""). For these purposes  a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (a) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 15 May (as amended  ""MiFID II"")  or (b) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 January 2016  as amended  where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II  or (c) not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council  of 14 June 2017. NO PRIIPs REGULATION KID No key information document (""KID"") required under Regulation (EU) No. 1286/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council  of 26 November 2014  on key information documents for packaged retail and insurance-based investment products (the ""PRIIPs Regulation"") for offering or selling the securities or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared by the Issuer or Haitong Bank  S.A.  acting as global coordinator  and therefore offering or selling the securities or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation. PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS The Notes were not offered  sold  or otherwise made available to and should not be offered  sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom (""UK""). For these purposes  a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client  as defined in point of Article 2 of Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2017/565 as it forms part of the UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (as amended  the "" EUWA ""); (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (as amended  the "" FSMA "") and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 January 2016  as amended  where that customer would not qualify as a professional client  as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No. 600/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 15 May 2014  as amended  as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA  or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council  of 14 June 2017  as amended  as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council  of 26 November 2014  as amended  as it forms part of the UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the "" UK PRIIPs Regulation "") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be 7unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ELIGIBLE COUNTERPARTIES ONLY TARGET MARKET Solely for the purposes of the manufacturer's product approval process  the target market assessment in respect of the Notes led to the conclusion that (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties and professional clients only  each as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 15 May 2014  (as amended  ""MiFID II""); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering  selling or recommending the Notes (a ""distributor"") should take into consideration the manufacturer´s target market assessment; however  a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer´s target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels  subject to the distributor's suitability and appropriateness obligations under MiFID II  as applicable. As part of this process  it was also concluded that all distribution channels for the Notes to the investors that are part of the target market are adequate. In all cases  as provided below  the Notes were not offered  sold or distributed  nor will they be subsequently sold  except in circumstances which do not constitute a public offering of securities. UK MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ELIGIBLE COUNTERPARTIES ONLY TARGET MARKET Solely for the purposes of the manufacturer's product approval process  the target market assessment in respect of the Notes led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is only eligible counterparties  as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook (""COBS"")  and professional clients  as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (""UK MiFIR""); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering  selling or recommending the Notes (a ""UK distributor"") should take into consideration the manufacturer´s target market assessment; however  a UK distributor subject to the UK Financial Conduct Authority Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the ""UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules"") is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer's target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels  subject to the distributor's suitability and appropriateness obligations under UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules  as applicable. 8SUITABILITY OF INVESTMENT The Notes may not be a suitable investment for all investors. Each potential investor in the Notes must determine the suitability of that investment in light of its own circumstances. In particular  each potential investor may wish to consider  either on its own or with the help of its financial and other professional advisers  whether it: has sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the Notes  the merits and risks of investing in the Notes and the information contained or incorporated by reference in  or annexed to  this Prospectus; has access to  and knowledge of  appropriate analytical tools to evaluate  in the context of its specific financial situation  an investment in the Notes and the impact the Notes will have on its overall investment portfolio; has sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all the risks of an investment in the Notes  includingNotes where the currency for principal or interest payments is different from the potential investor's currency; thoroughly understands the terms of the Notes and is familiar with the behaviour of financial markets; and is able to evaluate possible scenarios related to economic  interest rate and other factors that may affect its investment and its ability to bear the applicable risks. Legal investment considerations may restrict certain investments. The investment activities of certain investors are subject to investment laws and regulations  or to review or regulation by certain authorities. Each potential investor should consult its legal advisers to determine whether and to what extent (1) the Notes are legal investments for it  (2) the Notes can be used as collateral for various types of borrowing  and (3) other restrictions are applicable to its purchase or pledge of any Notes. Financial institutions should consult their legal advisers or the appropriate regulators to determine the appropriate treatment of the Notes under any applicable risk-based capital or similar rules. CONSIDERATIONS ABOUT THE LAWFULNESS OF THE INVESTMENT The activities of certain investors are subject to laws and regulations on investment matters and/or to review or regulation by certain authorities. Each potential investor shall use its own legal advisers to determine whether and to what extent (i) the Notes are legally allowed investments  (ii) the Notes can be used as collateral for various types of loans  and (iii) other restrictions are applicable to the subscription/purchase of the Notes. Financial institutions shall consult their legal  financial or other advisers  or the relevant regulatory agencies  to determine the appropriate treatment of the Notes pursuant to the risk management rules applicable to capital or other similar rules. 9",neutral,0.01,0.95,0.04,negative,0.01,0.16,0.83,True,English,"['Mota Engil SGPS S A', '€50,000,000 Fixed Rate Notes', 'Notes Prospectus', 'December', '11', '03', 'Euroclear Bank S.A./N.V.', 'Portuguese central securities clearing system', 'Central de Valores Mobiliários', 'direct, senior, unconditional, unsecured', 'Portuguese Securities Code', 'sustainable development goals', 'Sustainability Performance Target', 'Commission de Surveillance', 'Luxembourg S.A.', 'Luxembourg Stock Exchange', 'other applicable legal', '€50,000,000 aggregate principal amount', 'dematerialised book-entry form', 'Société Anonyme', 'Luxembourg competent authority', 'EU MiFID II', '€50,000,000 Fixed Rate Notes', 'other unsecured', 'Sistemas de', 'Bourse de', 'European Securities', 'Markets Authority', 'limited liability', 'Issue Date', '7.25 per cent', 'Maturity Date', 'pari passu', 'Sociedade Gestora', 'Liquidação', 'Sistemas Centralizados', 'affiliate members', 'financial intermediaries', 'External Verifiers', 'European Parliament', 'electronic form', 'dedicated section', 'la Bourse', 'Secteur Financier', 'financial soundness', 'Luxembourg law', 'Listing Date', 'Directive 2014/65/EU', 'financial instruments', 'Delegated Regulation', 'regulated market', 'unsubordinated obligations', 'official list', 'Clearstream Banking', 'control accounts', 'Such approval', 'The CSSF', 'regulatory provisions', 'The Prospectus', 'The Notes', 'Mota-Engil Group', 'Prospectus Regulation', 'SGPS', 'laws', 'Portugal', 'admission', 'trading', 'Issuer', 'denomination', '11 December', 'interest', 'arrears', '12 June', '12 December', 'year', 'Terms', 'Conditions', 'Chapter', 'preference', 'time', 'escritural', 'Interbolsa', 'operator', 'CVM', 'request', 'information', 'identity', 'holders', 'links', 'place', 'purposes', 'behalf', 'Investors', 'basis', 'Article', 'Council', '14 June', 'public', 'documents', 'website', 'standards', 'completeness', 'comprehensibility', 'consistency', 'endorsement', 'subject', 'quality', 'undertaking', 'economic', 'transactions', 'solvency', 'line', '16 July', 'prospectuses', 'content', 'connection', 'application', '15 May', 'ESMA', '12 months']",2023-12-29,2023-12-30,marketscreener.com
34446,Clearstream,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/ALROSA-12786909/news/ALROSA-announces-fulfilment-of-its-Eurobond-2027-obligations-in-accordance-with-the-requirements-o-45648874/,ALROSA : announces fulfilment of its Eurobond-2027 obligations in accordance with the requirements of Russian legislation -December 29  2023 at 04:34 am EST,(marketscreener.com)  29 Dec 2023   PJSC ALROSA announces payment of the latest coupon in fulfilment of its obligations under a Eurobond issue in the amount of USD 500 000 000  maturing in 2027   scheduled for payment on 25 December 2023  and - as 25 and …,"29 Dec 2023PJSC ALROSA (the ""Company"") announces payment of the latest coupon in fulfilment of its obligations under a Eurobond issue in the amount of USD 500 000 000  maturing in 2027 (the ""Eurobonds"")  scheduled for payment on 25 December 2023  and - as 25 and 26 of December is non-business day in USA  Luxembourg and UK - due to be paid on 27 December 2023 (the ""Coupon"").In accordance with the Russian Federation Presidential Decrees No. 95  dated 5 March 2022  and No. 430  dated 5 July 2022  on 29 December 2023  the Company transferred funds to JSD NSD (National Settlement Depository) for further transfer to Eurobond holders whose rights are recorded in the Russian depository infrastructure in accordance with the registers of Eurobond holders collated on 22 December 2023 (the business day prior to the date on which payment of the Coupon was due) as a result of the procedure to identify holders of ALROSA Eurobonds conducted by JSD NSD. The Coupon payment was made in Russian Roubles in accordance with the procedure determined by the Decision of the Bank of Russia Board of Directors dated 23 December 2022.The fulfilment of Eurobond coupon payment obligations as stipulated in the terms and conditions of the issuing documentation to holders whose rights are registered in foreign depository infrastructure (in particular through the Euroclear  Clearstream  and DTC settlement and clearing systems) remains technically impossible due to the sanctions imposed on the Company.* * *Eurobond coupon payment Previous newsThe Company is fully committed to its Eurobond payment obligations  and is taking possible steps and measures to protect the interests of all its Eurobond holders in equal measure. The Company is considering possible ways in which it might fulfil its obligations in the current circumstances.",neutral,0.09,0.9,0.01,negative,0.01,0.05,0.94,True,English,"['Eurobond-2027 obligations', 'Russian legislation', 'ALROSA', 'fulfilment', 'accordance', 'requirements', 'December', '04', 'Eurobond coupon payment Previous news', 'Russian Federation Presidential Decrees', 'Eurobond coupon payment obligations', 'Russian depository infrastructure', 'foreign depository infrastructure', 'National Settlement Depository', 'The Coupon payment', 'Eurobond payment obligations', 'Russian Roubles', 'Eurobond issue', 'latest coupon', 'DTC settlement', 'Eurobond holders', 'PJSC ALROSA', 'JSD NSD', 'Russia Board', 'clearing systems', 'possible steps', 'equal measure', 'possible ways', 'current circumstances', 'The Company', 'business day', 'ALROSA Eurobonds', 'fulfilment', 'amount', 'USD', '25 December', 'USA', 'Luxembourg', 'UK', '27 December', 'accordance', '5 March', 'No.', '29 December', 'funds', 'transfer', 'rights', 'registers', '22 December', 'date', 'result', 'procedure', 'Decision', 'Bank', 'Directors', 'terms', 'conditions', 'issuing', 'documentation', 'Euroclear', 'Clearstream', 'sanctions', 'measures', 'interests']",2023-12-29,2023-12-30,marketscreener.com
34447,Clearstream,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/MOTA-ENGIL-SGPS-S-A-5820/news/Mota-Engil-SGPS-S-A-informs-on-the-Notes-Prospectus-50-000-000-Fixed-Rate-Notes-due-2028--45650667/,Mota Engil SGPS S A : informs on the Notes Prospectus “€50 000 000 Fixed Rate Notes due 2028” -December 29  2023 at 11:03 am EST,"(marketscreener.com)   Mota-Engil  SGPS  S.A.      Prospectus for admission to trading of the ""€50 000 000 Fixed Rate Notes due 2028""   Mota-Engil  SGPS  S.A. issued an€50 000 000 aggregate principal amount of notes due 12 June 2028 in the denomina…","Mota-Engil  SGPS  S.A. (incorporated with limited liability under the laws of Portugal) Prospectus for admission to trading of the ""€50 000 000 Fixed Rate Notes due 2028"" Mota-Engil  SGPS  S.A. (the ""Issuer"") issued an€50 000 000 aggregate principal amount of notes due 12 June 2028 in the denomination of €1 000 each (the ""Notes"") on 11 December 2023 (the ""Issue Date""). The Notes bear interest on their aggregate principal amount at a fixed rate of 7.25 per cent per annum. The Issuer will pay interest on the Notes semi-annually in arrears on 12 June and 12 December of each year  from and including the Issue Date to and excluding 12 June 2028 (the ""Maturity Date""). Unless previously redeemed or repurchased by the Issuer and cancelled  each Note shall be finally redeemed at its principal amount outstanding on the Maturity Date. The Notes constitute direct  senior  unconditional  unsecured (subject to the provisions of Condition 2.2(a) of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes in Chapter 8 (the ""Terms and Conditions of the Notes"")) and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer and rank pari passu  without any preference among themselves  and (save for certain obligations required to be preferred by law) equally with all other unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer  from time to time outstanding. The Notes are not guaranteed. The Notes were issued in dematerialised book-entry form (forma escritural) and are integrated and registered in and held through Interbolsa - Sociedade Gestora de Sistemas de Liquidação e de Sistemas Centralizados de Valores Mobiliários  S.A. (""Interbolsa"")  as operator of the Portuguese central securities clearing system (Central de Valores Mobiliários or ""CVM""). The Notes are ""nominativas""  which means that Interbolsa can  at the Issuer's request  ask the affiliate members of Interbolsa for information regarding the identity of the holders of the Notes and transmit such information to the Issuer. CVM currently has links in place with Euroclear Bank S.A./N.V. (""Euroclear"") and Clearstream Banking  Société Anonyme  Luxembourg (""Clearstream"")  through accounts held by Euroclear and Clearstream with financial intermediaries for the purposes of the Portuguese Securities Code  and which are entitled to hold control accounts with Interbolsa on behalf of holders of the Notes (each  an ""Affiliate Member of Interbolsa""). Investors should have regard to Chapter 6 - Mota-Engil Group's sustainable development goals  which describes the basis on which the Issuer and the External Verifiers will assess whether the Sustainability Performance Target has been met. This prospectus (the ""Prospectus"") constitutes a prospectus for the purposes of Article 6(3) of Regulation (EU) 12017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 14 June 2017 on the prospectus to be published when securities are offered to the public or admitted to trading on a regulated market  as amended (the ""Prospectus Regulation""). This Prospectus will be published in electronic form  together with all documents incorporated by reference herein or annexed hereto  on a dedicated section of the website of the Issuer (www.mota-engil.com) and Société de la Bourse de Luxembourg S.A. (the ""Luxembourg Stock Exchange"") (www.luxse.com). This Prospectus was approved by the Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier  (""CSSF"") which is the Luxembourg competent authority under the Prospectus Regulation. The CSSF only approves this Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness  comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. Such approval should neither be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer that is the subject of this Prospectus  nor of the quality of the Notes. By approving this Prospectus  the CSSF shall give no undertaking as to the economic and financial soundness of the transactions contemplated by this Prospectus or the quality or solvency of the Issuer in line with the provisions of Article 6(4) of the Luxembourg law of 16 July 2019 on prospectuses for securities. The Prospectus was prepared for the purposes set forth in Articles 1(1) and 3(3) of the Prospectus Regulation and its form and content comply with Delegated Regulation 2019/979  Delegated Regulation 2019/980 and any other applicable legal and regulatory provisions  in connection with the application that has been made to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange for the Notes to be listed on the official list (the ""Official List"") of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and admitted to trading on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (the ""Bourse de Luxembourg"") as from the Listing Date. The regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange is a regulated market for the purpose of Directive 2014/65/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 15 May 2014 on markets in financial instruments  as amended (""EU MiFID II"")  appearing on the list of regulated markets published by the European Securities and Markets Authority (""ESMA"") on its website (a ""Regulated Market""). This Prospectus will be valid for 12 months after its approval  i.e. until 29 December 2024. In case of a significant new factor  material mistake or material inaccuracy relating to the information included in this Prospectus which may affect the assessment of the Notes  the Issuer will prepare and publish a supplement to the Prospectus without undue delay in accordance with Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. The obligation of the Issuer to supplement this Prospectus will cease to apply with the admission to trading of the Notes on the Bourse de Luxembourg and  at the latest  upon expiry of the validity period of this Prospectus. An investment in the Notes involves certain risks. Please see Chapter 2 (Risk Factors). Investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Notes and shall refer  in particular  to the ""Terms and Conditions of the Notes"" and ""Taxation"" chapters of this Prospectus for the procedures to be followed in order to receive payments under the Notes. Noteholders are required to comply with the procedures and certification requirements described herein in order to receive payments on the Notes free from Portuguese withholding tax. Noteholders must rely on the procedures of Interbolsa to receive payments under the Notes. 2The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act"")  or any U.S. State securities laws and may not be offered or sold in the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  U.S. persons as defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act  unless an exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act is available  and in accordance with all applicable securities laws of any state of the United States and of any other jurisdiction. Global Coordinator Haitong Bank The date of this Prospectus is 29 December 2023. 3IMPORTANT INFORMATION This Prospectus is to be read in conjunction with all documents which are deemed to be incorporated in it by reference or annexed (see Chapter 10 (Documents incorporated by reference and documentation available to the public). This Prospectus shall be read and construed on the basis that those documents are incorporated in and form part of this Prospectus. Investors in the Notes should rely only on the information contained in this Prospectus. No person is or has been authorised by the Issuer to give any information or to make any representation not contained in or not consistent with this Prospectus or any other information supplied in connection with the Notes  or any information supplied by the Issuer or such other information as is in the public domain  and  if given or made  such information or representation must not be relied upon as having been authorised by the Issuer or by the Global Coordinator. The Global Coordinator has not independently verified the information contained herein. Accordingly  no representation  warranty or undertaking whatsoever  express or implied  is made and no responsibility or liability is accepted by the Global Coordinator as to the authenticity  origin  validity  accuracy or completeness of the information contained or incorporated in this Prospectus  or of any other information provided by the Issuer in connection with the Notes. The Global Coordinator does not accept any liability in relation to the information contained or incorporated by reference in  or annexed to  this Prospectus or to any other information provided by the Issuer in connection with the Notes. Neither the delivery of this Prospectus  nor the offering  sale or delivery of any Note shall  in any circumstances  create any implication that the information contained in this Prospectus is true  correct  complete and updated after the date hereof or the date on which this Prospectus has been most recently amended or supplemented  or that there has been any adverse change  or any event reasonably likely to involve any adverse change  in the prospects or the financial or trading position of the Issuer since the date hereof or  if later  the date on which this Prospectus has been most recently amended or supplemented  or that any other information supplied in connection with the Notes is true  correct  complete and updated at any time after the date on which it is supplied or  if different  the date indicated in the document containing the same. Neither this Prospectus  nor any other information supplied in connection with the Notes (a) is intended to provide the basis of any credit or other evaluation  or (b) should be considered as a recommendation by the Issuer or by the Global Coordinator that any recipient of this Prospectus or of any other information supplied in connection with the Notes should purchase any Notes. Each investor contemplating the purchase of any Notes should make its own independent investigation of the financial condition and affairs  and its own appraisal of the creditworthiness  of the Issuer. Neither this Prospectus  nor any other information supplied in connection with any offering of the Notes  constitutes an offer or invitation by or on behalf of the Issuer  or the Global Coordinator  to any person to purchase any Notes. 4The distribution of this Prospectus and the offering  sale and delivery of the Notes in certain jurisdictions may be restricted by law. Persons into whose possession this Prospectus comes are required by the Issuer and by the Global Coordinator to inform themselves about and to observe any such restrictions. This Prospectus may not be used for or in connection with any offer to  or solicitation by  anyone in any jurisdiction in which such offer or solicitation is not authorised or to any person to whom it is unlawful to make such offer or solicitation. The Issuer and the Global Coordinator do not make any representation to any investor in the Notes regarding the legality of this investment under any applicable laws. Any investor in the Notes should be able to bear the economic risk of an investment in the Notes for an indefinite period of time. Neither the delivery of this Prospectus  nor the offering  sale or delivery of any Notes  shall in any circumstances imply that the information contained in it concerning the Issuer is correct at any time subsequent to its date or that any other information supplied in connection with the Notes is correct as of any time subsequent to the date indicated in the document containing the same. The Global Coordinator expressly does not undertake to review the financial condition or affairs of the Issuer during the life of the Notes  or to advise any investor in the Notes of any information coming to its attention. In this Prospectus  unless otherwise specified  references to a ""Member State"" are references to a Member State of the European Economic Area and references to ""EUR"" or ""Euro"" are to the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of the European Economic and Monetary Union  as defined in Article 2 of Council Regulation (EC) No 974/98 of 3 May 1998 on the introduction of the Euro  as amended. This Prospectus was prepared for the admission to trading of the Notes on a regulated market and does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any Notes in any jurisdiction. Each recipient of this Prospectus shall be taken to have made its own investigation and appraisal of the condition (financial or otherwise) of the Issuer. The Issuer and the Global Coordinator do not represent that this Prospectus may be lawfully distributed  or that any Notes may be lawfully offered  in compliance with any applicable registration or other requirements in any such jurisdiction  or pursuant to an exemption available thereunder  or assume any responsibility for facilitating any such distribution or offering. In particular  no action has been taken by the Issuer or by the Global Coordinator which is intended to permit a public offering of any Notes or the distribution of this Prospectus in any jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required. Accordingly  no Notes may be offered or sold  directly or indirectly  and neither this Prospectus nor any advertisement or other offering material may be distributed or published in any jurisdiction  except under circumstances that will result in compliance with any applicable laws and regulations. Persons into whose possession this Prospectus or any Notes may come must inform themselves about  and observe  any such restrictions on the distribution of this Prospectus and on the offering and sale of Notes. No comment is made or advice is given by the Issuer or by the Global Coordinator in respect of taxation matters 5relating to the Notes and each investor is advised to consult its own professional adviser. 6PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS The Notes were not offered  sold  or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area (the ""EEA""). For these purposes  a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (a) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 15 May (as amended  ""MiFID II"")  or (b) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 January 2016  as amended  where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II  or (c) not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council  of 14 June 2017. NO PRIIPs REGULATION KID No key information document (""KID"") required under Regulation (EU) No. 1286/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council  of 26 November 2014  on key information documents for packaged retail and insurance-based investment products (the ""PRIIPs Regulation"") for offering or selling the securities or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared by the Issuer or Haitong Bank  S.A.  acting as global coordinator  and therefore offering or selling the securities or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation. PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS The Notes were not offered  sold  or otherwise made available to and should not be offered  sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom (""UK""). For these purposes  a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client  as defined in point of Article 2 of Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2017/565 as it forms part of the UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (as amended  the "" EUWA ""); (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (as amended  the "" FSMA "") and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 January 2016  as amended  where that customer would not qualify as a professional client  as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No. 600/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 15 May 2014  as amended  as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA  or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council  of 14 June 2017  as amended  as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council  of 26 November 2014  as amended  as it forms part of the UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the "" UK PRIIPs Regulation "") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be 7unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ELIGIBLE COUNTERPARTIES ONLY TARGET MARKET Solely for the purposes of the manufacturer's product approval process  the target market assessment in respect of the Notes led to the conclusion that (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties and professional clients only  each as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 15 May 2014  (as amended  ""MiFID II""); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering  selling or recommending the Notes (a ""distributor"") should take into consideration the manufacturer´s target market assessment; however  a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer´s target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels  subject to the distributor's suitability and appropriateness obligations under MiFID II  as applicable. As part of this process  it was also concluded that all distribution channels for the Notes to the investors that are part of the target market are adequate. In all cases  as provided below  the Notes were not offered  sold or distributed  nor will they be subsequently sold  except in circumstances which do not constitute a public offering of securities. UK MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ELIGIBLE COUNTERPARTIES ONLY TARGET MARKET Solely for the purposes of the manufacturer's product approval process  the target market assessment in respect of the Notes led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is only eligible counterparties  as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook (""COBS"")  and professional clients  as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (""UK MiFIR""); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering  selling or recommending the Notes (a ""UK distributor"") should take into consideration the manufacturer´s target market assessment; however  a UK distributor subject to the UK Financial Conduct Authority Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the ""UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules"") is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer's target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels  subject to the distributor's suitability and appropriateness obligations under UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules  as applicable. 8SUITABILITY OF INVESTMENT The Notes may not be a suitable investment for all investors. Each potential investor in the Notes must determine the suitability of that investment in light of its own circumstances. In particular  each potential investor may wish to consider  either on its own or with the help of its financial and other professional advisers  whether it: has sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the Notes  the merits and risks of investing in the Notes and the information contained or incorporated by reference in  or annexed to  this Prospectus; has access to  and knowledge of  appropriate analytical tools to evaluate  in the context of its specific financial situation  an investment in the Notes and the impact the Notes will have on its overall investment portfolio; has sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all the risks of an investment in the Notes  includingNotes where the currency for principal or interest payments is different from the potential investor's currency; thoroughly understands the terms of the Notes and is familiar with the behaviour of financial markets; and is able to evaluate possible scenarios related to economic  interest rate and other factors that may affect its investment and its ability to bear the applicable risks. Legal investment considerations may restrict certain investments. The investment activities of certain investors are subject to investment laws and regulations  or to review or regulation by certain authorities. Each potential investor should consult its legal advisers to determine whether and to what extent (1) the Notes are legal investments for it  (2) the Notes can be used as collateral for various types of borrowing  and (3) other restrictions are applicable to its purchase or pledge of any Notes. Financial institutions should consult their legal advisers or the appropriate regulators to determine the appropriate treatment of the Notes under any applicable risk-based capital or similar rules. CONSIDERATIONS ABOUT THE LAWFULNESS OF THE INVESTMENT The activities of certain investors are subject to laws and regulations on investment matters and/or to review or regulation by certain authorities. Each potential investor shall use its own legal advisers to determine whether and to what extent (i) the Notes are legally allowed investments  (ii) the Notes can be used as collateral for various types of loans  and (iii) other restrictions are applicable to the subscription/purchase of the Notes. Financial institutions shall consult their legal  financial or other advisers  or the relevant regulatory agencies  to determine the appropriate treatment of the Notes pursuant to the risk management rules applicable to capital or other similar rules. 9",neutral,0.01,0.95,0.04,negative,0.01,0.16,0.83,True,English,"['Mota Engil SGPS S A', '€50,000,000 Fixed Rate Notes', 'Notes Prospectus', 'December', '11', '03', 'Euroclear Bank S.A./N.V.', 'Portuguese central securities clearing system', 'Central de Valores Mobiliários', 'direct, senior, unconditional, unsecured', 'Portuguese Securities Code', 'sustainable development goals', 'Sustainability Performance Target', 'Commission de Surveillance', 'Luxembourg S.A.', 'Luxembourg Stock Exchange', 'other applicable legal', '€50,000,000 aggregate principal amount', 'dematerialised book-entry form', 'Société Anonyme', 'Luxembourg competent authority', 'EU MiFID II', '€50,000,000 Fixed Rate Notes', 'other unsecured', 'Sistemas de', 'Bourse de', 'European Securities', 'Markets Authority', 'limited liability', 'Issue Date', '7.25 per cent', 'Maturity Date', 'pari passu', 'Sociedade Gestora', 'Liquidação', 'Sistemas Centralizados', 'affiliate members', 'financial intermediaries', 'External Verifiers', 'European Parliament', 'electronic form', 'dedicated section', 'la Bourse', 'Secteur Financier', 'financial soundness', 'Luxembourg law', 'Listing Date', 'Directive 2014/65/EU', 'financial instruments', 'Delegated Regulation', 'regulated market', 'unsubordinated obligations', 'official list', 'Clearstream Banking', 'control accounts', 'Such approval', 'The CSSF', 'regulatory provisions', 'The Prospectus', 'The Notes', 'Mota-Engil Group', 'Prospectus Regulation', 'SGPS', 'laws', 'Portugal', 'admission', 'trading', 'Issuer', 'denomination', '11 December', 'interest', 'arrears', '12 June', '12 December', 'year', 'Terms', 'Conditions', 'Chapter', 'preference', 'time', 'escritural', 'Interbolsa', 'operator', 'CVM', 'request', 'information', 'identity', 'holders', 'links', 'place', 'purposes', 'behalf', 'Investors', 'basis', 'Article', 'Council', '14 June', 'public', 'documents', 'website', 'standards', 'completeness', 'comprehensibility', 'consistency', 'endorsement', 'subject', 'quality', 'undertaking', 'economic', 'transactions', 'solvency', 'line', '16 July', 'prospectuses', 'content', 'connection', 'application', '15 May', 'ESMA', '12 months']",2023-12-29,2023-12-30,marketscreener.com
34448,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/EURONEXT-N-V-16725768/news/Euronext-64-IPOs-in-2023-hopes-for-2024-45648778/,Euronext: 64 IPOs in 2023  hopes for 2024 -December 29  2023 at 03:57 am EST,(marketscreener.com) Euronext announced on Friday that it had registered 64 new IPOs this year  confirming its dominance in the European IPO segment.In total  companies making their debut on its seven marketplaces raised 2.5 billion euros in 2023  for a cumul…,"Euronext: 64 IPOs in 2023  hopes for 2024December 29  2023 at 03:57 am EST ShareEuronext announced on Friday that it had registered 64 new IPOs this year  confirming its dominance in the European IPO segment.In total  companies making their debut on its seven marketplaces raised 2.5 billion euros in 2023  for a cumulative market capitalization of some 50 billion euros  or 40% of all IPOs carried out this year on the Old Continent.The most noteworthy entry was Spanish infrastructure construction and management group Ferrovial  which listed on Euronext Amsterdam after relocating its headquarters to the Netherlands.Since its IPO  completed last June  the stock has gained over 10%.Another successful transaction was that of the American cosmetics and perfume group Coty  which has also gained 10% on the stock market since its first listing on Euronext Paris in September.Syensqo's share price  after a thundering start as part of an $8.8 billion deal following its demerger from Solvay  has fallen back 7% since its first stock market lows in early December.According to data published by consulting firm EY  136 IPOs were completed in Europe this year  representing a cumulative value of $12.9 billion  down 32% in value terms on 2022.The auditing specialist is hoping for a re-acceleration of the market in 2024  as many governments take measures to boost financial markets""With monetary policy stabilizing  would-be IPOs could be preparing for more favorable windows in 2024""  comments Franck Sebag  partner at EY.With its seven stock exchanges in Amsterdam  Brussels  Dublin  Lisbon  Oslo  Milan and Paris  Euronext claims to be Europe's leading liquidity pool  with around 25% of equity transactions handled on its platforms.The group says it currently hosts 1 900 issuers on its stock markets  equivalent to 6 600 billion in capitalization.Copyright (c) 2023 CercleFinance.com. All rights reserved.",neutral,0.08,0.91,0.01,mixed,0.39,0.38,0.22,True,English,"['Euronext', '64 IPOs', 'December', '03', '57', 'Spanish infrastructure construction', 'leading liquidity pool', 'European IPO segment', 'seven stock exchanges', 'first stock market', 'cumulative market capitalization', 'seven marketplaces', 'first listing', 'stock markets', '2.5 billion euros', '50 billion euros', 'Old Continent', 'noteworthy entry', 'successful transaction', 'American cosmetics', 'thundering start', '$8.8 billion deal', 'consulting firm', 'cumulative value', 'auditing specialist', 'many governments', 'financial markets', 'monetary policy', 'favorable windows', 'Franck Sebag', 'equity transactions', 'management group', 'perfume group', 'share price', 'early December', '64 new IPOs', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'Euronext Paris', '64 IPOs', '136 IPOs', 'Friday', 'dominance', 'companies', 'debut', 'Ferrovial', 'headquarters', 'Netherlands', 'Coty', 'September', 'Syensqo', 'part', 'demerger', 'Solvay', 'data', 'EY', 'terms', 'acceleration', 'measures', 'Brussels', 'Dublin', 'Lisbon', 'Oslo', 'Milan', 'platforms', '1,900 issuers', 'Copyright', 'CercleFinance', 'rights', '2024', '03', '57', '2022']",2023-12-29,2023-12-30,marketscreener.com
34449,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/BEKAERT-NV-5971/news/Bekaert-Update-on-the-Share-Buyback-Program-45648538/,Bekaert - Update on the Share Buyback Program,(marketscreener.com)          Update on the Share Buyback Program Period from 21 December 2023 to 27 December 2023 On 17 November 2023  Bekaert announced the start of the eighth tranche of its buyback program  for a total maximum consideration of up to € 30 m…,Official BEKAERT NV press releaseUpdate on the Share Buyback ProgramPeriod from 21 December 2023 to 27 December 2023On 17 November 2023   Bekaert announced the start of the eighth tranche of its buyback program  for a total maximum consideration of up to € 30 million (the Eighth Tranche). All shares bought as part of the Program will be cancelled. The purpose of the Program is to reduce the issued share capital of the company.Bekaert announces today that during the period from 21 December 2023 to 27 December 2023  Kepler Cheuvreux on behalf of Bekaert has bought 30 000 shares.The table below provides an overview of the transactions under the eighth of the Program during the period from 21 December 2023 to 27 December 2023:Repurchase of shares Date Market Number of Shares Average Price paid (€) Highest Pricepaid (€) Lowest Pricepaid (€) TotalAmount (€) 21 December 2023 Euronext Brussels 10 000 45.68 45.98 45.12 456 800 MTF CBOE MTF Turquoise MTF Aquis 22 December 2023 Euronext Brussels 10 000 46.01 46.26 45.80 460 100 MTF CBOE MTF Turquoise MTF Aquis 25 December 2023 Euronext Brussels — MTF CBOE MTF Turquoise MTF Aquis 26 December 2023 Euronext Brussels — MTF CBOE MTF Turquoise MTF Aquis 27 December 2023 Euronext Brussels 10 000 46.19 46.48 45.90 461 900 MTF CBOE MTF Turquoise MTF Aquis Total 30 000 45.96 46.48 45.12 1 378 800On 27 December 2023 after closing of the market  Bekaert holds 2 148 387 own shares  or 3.92% of the total number of the outstanding shares.This information is also made available on the investor relations pages of our website.Attachment,neutral,0.08,0.91,0.01,negative,0.01,0.26,0.73,True,English,"['Share Buyback Program', 'Bekaert', 'Update', 'MTF CBOE MTF Turquoise MTF Aquis Total', '800 MTF CBOE MTF Turquoise MTF Aquis', '100 MTF CBOE MTF Turquoise MTF Aquis', 'Official BEKAERT NV press release', 'total maximum consideration', 'Share Buyback Program Period', 'investor relations pages', 'Date Market Number', 'Shares Average Price', 'total number', 'share capital', 'Highest Price', 'Lowest Price', 'Kepler Cheuvreux', 'Euronext Brussels', 'eighth tranche', 'outstanding shares', '30 000 shares', 'Update', '21 December', '27 December', '17 November', 'start', 'part', 'purpose', 'company', 'behalf', 'table', 'overview', 'transactions', 'Repurchase', 'Amount', 'closing', 'information', 'website', 'Attachment', '2 148 387']",2023-12-29,2023-12-30,marketscreener.com
34450,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/12/29/2801929/0/en/Bekaert-Update-on-the-Share-Buyback-Program.html,Bekaert - Update on the Share Buyback Program,Update on the Share Buyback Program    Period from 21 December 2023 to 27 December 2023    On 17 November 2023  Bekaert announced the start...,Update on the Share Buyback ProgramPeriod from 21 December 2023 to 27 December 2023On 17 November 2023   Bekaert announced the start of the eighth tranche of its buyback program  for a total maximum consideration of up to € 30 million (the Eighth Tranche). All shares bought as part of the Program will be cancelled. The purpose of the Program is to reduce the issued share capital of the company.Bekaert announces today that during the period from 21 December 2023 to 27 December 2023  Kepler Cheuvreux on behalf of Bekaert has bought 30 000 shares.The table below provides an overview of the transactions under the eighth of the Program during the period from 21 December 2023 to 27 December 2023:Repurchase of shares Date Market Number of Shares Average Price paid (€) Highest Pricepaid (€) Lowest Pricepaid (€) TotalAmount (€) 21 December 2023 Euronext Brussels 10 000 45.68 45.98 45.12 456 800 MTF CBOE MTF Turquoise MTF Aquis 22 December 2023 Euronext Brussels 10 000 46.01 46.26 45.80 460 100 MTF CBOE MTF Turquoise MTF Aquis 25 December 2023 Euronext Brussels — MTF CBOE MTF Turquoise MTF Aquis 26 December 2023 Euronext Brussels — MTF CBOE MTF Turquoise MTF Aquis 27 December 2023 Euronext Brussels 10 000 46.19 46.48 45.90 461 900 MTF CBOE MTF Turquoise MTF Aquis Total 30 000 45.96 46.48 45.12 1 378 800On 27 December 2023 after closing of the market  Bekaert holds 2 148 387 own shares  or 3.92% of the total number of the outstanding shares.This information is also made available on the investor relations pages of our website.Attachment,neutral,0.08,0.91,0.01,negative,0.01,0.32,0.67,True,English,"['Share Buyback Program', 'Bekaert', 'Update', 'MTF CBOE MTF Turquoise MTF Aquis Total', '800 MTF CBOE MTF Turquoise MTF Aquis', '100 MTF CBOE MTF Turquoise MTF Aquis', 'total maximum consideration', 'Share Buyback Program Period', 'investor relations pages', 'Date Market Number', 'Shares Average Price', 'total number', 'share capital', 'Highest Price', 'Lowest Price', 'Kepler Cheuvreux', 'Euronext Brussels', 'eighth tranche', 'outstanding shares', '30 000 shares', 'Update', '21 December', '27 December', '17 November', 'Bekaert', 'start', 'part', 'purpose', 'company', 'behalf', 'table', 'overview', 'transactions', 'Repurchase', 'Amount', 'closing', 'information', 'website', 'Attachment', '2 148 387']",2023-12-29,2023-12-30,globenewswire.com
34451,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/12/29/2802174/0/en/Valneva-Provides-Updated-2023-Financial-Guidance.html,Valneva Provides Updated 2023 Financial Guidance,Saint-Herblain (France)  December 29  2023 – Valneva SE (Nasdaq: VALN; Euronext Paris: VLA)  a specialty vaccine company  today announced that the Company is modifying its financial guidance for 2023. Product sales guidance remains unchanged  as do anticipate…,Saint-Herblain (France)  December 29  2023 – Valneva SE (Nasdaq: VALN; Euronext Paris: VLA)  a specialty vaccine company  today announced that the Company is modifying its financial guidance for 2023. Product sales guidance remains unchanged  as do anticipated R&D expenses. The €90 million to €110 million of other income related to proceeds from potential sale of the Company’s priority review voucher (PRV)  which was previously expected before year-end  is now expected in early 2024.The Company’s previous guidance included expected total revenues and other income between €220 million and €260 million1. The modified 2023 guidance now includes the previously stated product sales revenue of €130 million to €150 million  which the Company remains on track to achieve  as well as R&D expenses between €60 million and €70 million  which were recently reduced2  primarily driven by lower than anticipated costs related to the closeout of the Company’s COVID-19 activities.Peter Bühler  Chief Financial Officer of Valneva  said  “We remain confident in our ability to sell our priority review voucher successfully at a price within the previously suggested range. As we continue to work actively toward a potential sale agreement  we look forward to providing an update in the new year.”The Company was awarded a tropical disease PRV in November 20233 following U.S. FDA approval of IXCHIQ®  Valneva’s single-dose  live-attenuated vaccine indicated for the prevention of disease caused by chikungunya virus (CHIKV) in individuals 18 years of age and older who are at increased risk of exposure to CHIKV. With this approval  IXCHIQ® became the world’s first licensed chikungunya vaccine available to address this unmet medical need. Valneva expects to launch the vaccine in the U.S. in early 2024.The Company has also drawn down the remaining $50 million made available under its debt financing agreement with funds managed by U.S. investment firms Deerfield Management Company and OrbiMed4.About Valneva SEWe are a specialty vaccine company that develops  manufactures  and commercializes prophylactic vaccines for infectious diseases addressing unmet medical needs. We take a highly specialized and targeted approach  applying our deep expertise across multiple vaccine modalities  focused on providing either first-  best- or only-in-class vaccine solutions.We have a strong track record  having advanced multiple vaccines from early R&D to approvals  and currently market two proprietary travel vaccines as well as certain third-party vaccines leveraging our established commercial infrastructure.Revenues from our growing commercial business help fuel the continued advancement of our vaccine pipeline. This includes the world’s first vaccine against the chikungunya virus and the only Lyme disease vaccine candidate in advanced clinical development  which is partnered with Pfizer  as well as vaccine candidates against the Zika virus and other global public health threats.About IXCHIQ®In the U.S.  IXCHIQ® is a live-attenuated vaccine indicated for the prevention of disease caused by chikungunya virus (CHIKV) in individuals 18 years of age and older who are at increased risk of exposure to CHIKV. As for all products approved under FDA’s accelerated approval pathway  continued approval for this indication is contingent upon verification and description of clinical benefit in confirmatory studies.Please click here for full Prescribing Information for IXCHIQ®.Valneva Investor and Media ContactsLaetitia Bachelot-FontaineVP Global Communications & European Investor RelationsM +33 (0)6 4516 7099laetitia.bachelot-fontaine@valneva.comJoshua Drumm  Ph.D.VP Global Investor RelationsM +001 917 815 4520joshua.drumm@valneva.comForward-Looking StatementsThis press release contains certain forward-looking statements relating to the business of Valneva  including with respect to its financial results for 2023 and the sale of its priority review voucher. In addition  even if the actual results or development of Valneva are consistent with the forward-looking statements contained in this press release  those results or developments of Valneva may not be sustained in the future. In some cases  you can identify forward-looking statements by words such as “could ” “should ” “may ” “expects ” “anticipates ” “believes ” “intends ” “estimates ” “aims ” “targets ” or similar words. These forward-looking statements are based largely on the current expectations of Valneva as of the date of this press release and are subject to a number of known and unknown risks and uncertainties and other factors that may cause actual results  performance or achievements to be materially different from any future results  performance or achievement expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. In particular  the expectations of Valneva could be affected by  among other things  uncertainties and delays involved in the development and manufacture of vaccines  unexpected clinical trial results  unexpected regulatory actions or delays  competition in general  currency fluctuations  the impact of the global and European credit crisis  and the ability to obtain or maintain patent or other proprietary intellectual property protection. Success in preclinical studies or earlier clinical trials may not be indicative of results in future clinical trials. In light of these risks and uncertainties  there can be no assurance that the forward-looking statements made during this presentation will in fact be realized. Valneva is providing the information in these materials as of this press release and disclaim any intention or obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements  whether as a result of new information  future events  or otherwise.1 Valneva Reports Nine-Month 2023 Financial Results and Provides Corporate Updates2 Valneva Reports Nine-Month 2023 Financial Results and Provides Corporate Updates3 Valneva Announces U.S. FDA Approval of World’s First Chikungunya Vaccine  IXCHIQ® - Valneva4 Valneva Reports Nine-Month 2023 Financial Results and Provides Corporate Updates - ValnevaAttachment,neutral,0.05,0.94,0.01,mixed,0.25,0.32,0.43,True,English,"['2023 Financial Guidance', 'Valneva', 'other global public health threats', 'two proprietary travel vaccines', 'U.S. investment firms', 'VP Global Investor Relations', 'Lyme disease vaccine candidate', 'unexpected clinical trial results', 'U.S. FDA approval', 'VP Global Communications', 'European Investor Relations', 'unexpected regulatory actions', 'priority review voucher', 'product sales revenue', 'Peter Bühler', 'unmet medical need', 'debt financing agreement', 'full Prescribing Information', 'R&D expenses', 'class vaccine solutions', 'Chief Financial Officer', 'single-dose, live-attenuated vaccine', 'multiple vaccine modalities', 'Product sales guidance', 'strong track record', 'licensed chikungunya vaccine', 'Deerfield Management Company', 'advanced clinical development', 'potential sale agreement', 'growing commercial business', 'early R&D', 'specialty vaccine company', 'tropical disease PRV', 'clinical benefit', 'Ph.D.', 'multiple vaccines', 'other income', 'other factors', 'other things', 'vaccine pipeline', 'vaccine candidates', 'commercial infrastructure', 'financial results', 'financial guidance', 'chikungunya virus', 'approval pathway', 'continued approval', 'Valneva Investor', 'prophylactic vaccines', 'third-party vaccines', 'actual results', 'first vaccine', 'Euronext Paris', 'previous guidance', 'COVID-19 activities', 'new year', 'infectious diseases', 'targeted approach', 'deep expertise', 'continued advancement', 'Zika virus', 'confirmatory studies', 'Media Contacts', 'Forward-Looking Statements', 'press release', 'unknown risks', 'future results', 'total revenues', 'Laetitia Bachelot-Fontaine', 'similar words', 'current expectations', 'The Company', 'Valneva SE', 'Joshua Drumm', '2023 guidance', 'Saint-Herblain', 'France', 'December', 'Nasdaq', 'VLA', 'proceeds', 'year-end', 'lower', 'costs', 'closeout', 'ability', 'price', 'range', 'update', 'November', 'IXCHIQ®', 'prevention', 'CHIKV', 'individuals', '18 years', 'exposure', 'world', 'funds', 'OrbiMed', 'specialized', 'approvals', 'Pfizer', 'products', 'indication', 'verification', 'description', 'respect', 'addition', 'developments', 'cases', 'expects', 'aims', 'targets', 'number', 'uncertainties', 'performance', 'achievements', 'delays', 'manufacture', 'competition', 'general']",2023-12-29,2023-12-30,globenewswire.com
34452,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/VAN-DE-VELDE-NV-6022/news/Van-de-Velde-Acquisition-of-treasury-shares-45650866/,Van de Velde : Acquisition of treasury shares -December 29  2023 at 12:02 pm EST,(marketscreener.com)   29.12.2023 - 18h00 Regulated information   Acquisition of treasury shares   In order to reduce the excess cash of the company the Board of Directors of Van de Velde NV proceeded with the purchase of shares on the market of Euron…,29.12.2023 - 18h00 Regulated informationAcquisition of treasury sharesIn order to reduce the excess cash of the company the Board of Directors of Van de Velde NV proceeded with the purchase of shares on the market of Euronext Brussels. The following treasury shares have been acquired during the period of 20 December 2023 until and including 28 December 2023:Transaction Date Number of shares Average price Minimum price Maximum price (€/share) (€/share) (€/share) 20/12/2023 775 33 49 33 35 33 60 21/12/2023 600 33 48 33 45 33 50 22/12/2023 790 33 51 33 45 33 60 25/12/2023 - 0 00 0 00 0 00 26/12/2023 - 0 00 0 00 0 00 27/12/2023 500 33 65 33 65 33 65 28/12/2023 500 34 00 34 00 34 00Total number of shares = 3.165. Average price = 33 60 €/share. Total amount = 106.331 75 €.The authorization to acquire own shares was granted to the Board of Directors on 27 April 2022 during the extraordinary meeting of shareholders.On 28 December 2023  248.923 own shares are held by Van de Velde NV  including the 11.000 shares that were already purchased in the context of a stock option plan. This represents 1 9 per cent of the total number of shares of Van de Velde NV.Van de Velde creates fashionable lingerie of superior quality with its premium  complementary brands PrimaDonna  Marie Jo and Andres Sarda. 'We ignite the power in women': Van de Velde believes in the power of people  and the power 'in' women in particular. Our purpose is to enhance the self-confidence of women through fashionable lingerie and in-store service.We work in close partnership with 3.600 independent lingerie boutiques worldwide. In addition  we have our own retail network with retail brands Rigby & Peller and Lincherie. Our geographical center of gravity is Europe and North America. Van de Velde employs almost 1.500 employees and is listed on Euronext Brussels.CONTACTSFor more information  contact:Van de Velde NV - Lageweg 4 - 9260 Schellebelle - +32 (0)9 365 21 00 - www.vandevelde.euKarel Verlinde CommV always represented by Karel VerlindeChief Executive OfficerVan de Velde NV - Lageweg 4 - 9260 Schellebelle - Belgium - T. +32 9 365 21 00 - www.vandevelde.eu - info@vandevelde.eu,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,neutral,0.03,0.96,0.01,True,English,"['Van de Velde', 'treasury shares', 'Acquisition', 'December', 'Karel Verlinde Chief Executive Officer Van de Velde NV', 'Karel Verlinde CommV', 'Minimum price Maximum price', 'stock option plan', 'premium, complementary brands', '3.600 independent lingerie boutiques', 'following treasury shares', 'Average price', 'retail brands', 'fashionable lingerie', 'excess cash', 'Euronext Brussels', 'Transaction Date', 'Total amount', 'extraordinary meeting', '1,9 per cent', 'superior quality', 'Marie Jo', 'Andres Sarda', 'store service', 'close partnership', 'retail network', 'geographical center', 'North America', 'Total number', 'Regulated information', '248.923 own shares', '11.000 shares', '18h00', 'Acquisition', 'order', 'company', 'Board', 'Directors', 'purchase', 'market', 'period', '20 December', '28 December', 'authorization', '27 April', 'shareholders', 'context', 'PrimaDonna', 'power', 'women', 'people', 'purpose', 'self-confidence', 'addition', 'Rigby', 'Peller', 'Lincherie', 'gravity', 'Europe', '1.500 employees', 'CONTACTS', 'Lageweg', '9260 Schellebelle', 'vandevelde', 'Belgium', 'T.', '32']",2023-12-29,2023-12-30,marketscreener.com
34453,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/AUBAY-4706/news/Aubay-Capital-reduction-by-cancellation-of-shares-45650809/,Aubay : Capital reduction by cancellation of shares -December 29  2023 at 11:50 am EST,(marketscreener.com)  During the meeting held on 28 December and using the authorisation granted by the general meeting of 16 May 2023   the board of directors decided to reduce the share capital by cancelling 239 850 treasury shares representing approximat…,"Official AUBAY press releaseDuring the meeting held on 28 December and using the authorisation granted by the general meeting of 16 May 2023 (nineteenth resolution)  the board of directors decided to reduce the share capital by cancelling 239 850 treasury shares representing approximately 1.8% of the share capital (before the capital reduction).This operation  that took effect as of 28 December  largely follows on from the share buybacks held between 7 August 2023 and 22 December 2023 as part of the shareholder return policy under the conditions of the buyback program authorised by the general meeting of 16 May 2023 at the end of its sixth resolution.The share capital now comes to €6 532 223 divided up into 13 064 446 shares  each one of which has an unchanged face value of €0.50.The information relating to the total number of voting rights and shares will be updated accordingly and available on the company's website in the ""Declarations of voting rights"" section: https://aubay.com/en/investors/9-regulated-information/About AubayAubay is a digital services company working alongside some of the biggest names in the Banking  Finance  Insurance  Manufacturing  Energy  Transport and Telecoms sectors. With 7 738 employees in seven countries (France  Belgium  Luxembourg  Italy  Spain  Portugal and the United Kingdom). Aubay generated revenue of €513.5 million in 2022.Euronext  Compartment: B - ISIN FR0000063737-AUB - Reuters : AUBT.PA - Bloomberg AUB:FPEuronext Tech LeadersContactsAmaury Dugast – Actus Finance – Tel.: +33 (0)1 53 67 36 74 - adugast@actus.frDavid Fuks – Co-Chief Operating Officer – Finance Department – Tel.: +33 (0)1 46 10 67 67 – E-mail: dfuks@aubay.comThis publication embed ""🔒 Actusnews SECURITY MASTER "".- SECURITY MASTER Key: xmlwYpacZWidlXJql8dlamKWl5xkyGiUbZeZmGJuY5mVnZpmmW2XZsbLZnFkmWxu- Check this key: https://www.security-master-key.com .Regulated information:Inside Information:- other releases Full and original press release in PDF: https://www.actusnews.com/news/83478-communique-financier-reduction-de-capital-par-annulation-dactions-28-dec-23_en.pdfReceive by email the next press releases of the company by registering on www.actusnews.com   it's free© 2023 ActusNews",neutral,0.02,0.87,0.11,negative,0.02,0.41,0.57,True,English,"['Capital reduction', 'Aubay', 'cancellation', 'shares', 'December', 'Official AUBAY press release', 'original press release', 'shareholder return policy', 'unchanged face value', 'Chief Operating Officer', 'next press releases', 'Euronext Tech Leaders', 'digital services company', 'SECURITY MASTER Key', 'Actusnews SECURITY MASTER', 'other releases', 'nineteenth resolution', 'share buybacks', 'buyback program', 'sixth resolution', 'total number', 'voting rights', 'biggest names', 'Telecoms sectors', 'seven countries', 'United Kingdom', 'Amaury Dugast', 'David Fuks', 'share capital', 'capital reduction', 'general meeting', 'Finance Department', 'Regulated information', 'Inside Information', 'Bloomberg AUB', '239,850 treasury shares', 'Actus Finance', '13,064,446 shares', '28 December', 'authorisation', '16 May', 'board', 'directors', 'operation', 'effect', '7 August', '22 December', 'conditions', 'end', 'website', 'Declarations', 'section', 'investors', '9-regulated-information', 'Banking', 'Insurance', 'Manufacturing', 'Energy', 'Transport', '7,738 employees', 'France', 'Belgium', 'Luxembourg', 'Italy', 'Spain', 'Portugal', 'revenue', 'Compartment', 'ISIN', 'Reuters', 'AUBT', 'Contacts', 'Tel.', 'adugast', 'mail', 'dfuks', 'publication', 'xmlwYpacZWidlXJql8dlamKWl5xkyGiUbZeZmGJuY5mVnZpmmW2XZsbLZnFkmWxu', 'Full', 'PDF', 'communique-financier-reduction', 'annulation', 'dactions', '33 (0)1 46']",2023-12-29,2023-12-30,marketscreener.com
34454,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/REDELFI-S-P-A-139195283/news/Redelfi-S-p-A-Drafting-of-the-contract-set-for-the-creation-of-the-Joint-Venture-with-Flash-SpA-W-45650119/,Redelfi S p A : Drafting of the contract set for the creation of the Joint Venture with Flash SpA (WRM Group) continues -December 29  2023 at 08:44 am EST,(marketscreener.com)   What follows is the press release  available in PDF format.    DRAFTING OF THE CONTRACT SET FOR THE CREATION OF THE JOINT VENTURE WITH FLASH SPA CONTINUES   Milan  29 December 2023   Redelfi S.p.A.   a company at the head of…,"What follows is the press release  available (in Italian) in PDF format.DRAFTING OF THE CONTRACT SET FOR THE CREATION OF THE JOINT VENTURE WITH FLASH SPA (WRM GROUP) CONTINUESMilan  29 December 2023Redelfi S.p.A. (""Redelfi"" or the ""Company"")  a company at the head of the industrial group of the same name with operational headquarters in Genoa - active in the development of innovative and sustainable infrastructure projects to facilitate the energy transition  and listed on the Euronext Growth Milan segment of Borsa Italiana - announces that the drafting of the contractual set aimed at regulating what has been agreed between Redelfi and Flash S.p.A. (""Flash"")  a company of the WRM Group (""WRM Group"")  in the term sheet signed last October - ref. p.r. of 4 October 2023 - concerning the creation of a joint venture for the development of stand-alone Battery Energy Storage Systems (""BESS Projects"") in Italy.In order to ensure continuity of the agreements reached in the definition phase  Redelfi and Flash have extended the term sheet duration until January 31  2024.This press release is available on website www.redelfi.com  section Investor Relations > Press Release  and on www.1info.it.***Redelfi is the company at the helm of the homonymous Group  engaged in the energy and digital transition  with a strong innovative approach in the definition of products  services and processes  and high focus on compliance with ESG principles.Following the 2023 half-yearly financial report  the Group achieved a Value of Production of € 4.2 million and a Net Result of € 1.4 million. Net Financial Position is € 3 million  and Net Equity is € 11 million.Contacts:ISSUERRedelfi | Investor Relations Manager | Erika Padoan | investor-relations@redelfi.com | T: +39 320 7954739 | via A. Scarsellini  119 Torre B ""I Gemelli"" 11 piano  16149 GenovaRedelfi | Media Relations | Carolina Beretta | carolina.beretta@redelfi.com | via A. Scarsellini  119 Torre B ""I Gemelli"" 11 piano  16149 GenovaINVESTOR & FINANCIAL MEDIA RELATIONSIR Top Consulting | Investor Relations | ir@irtop.com | T: + 39 02 4547 3884/3 | Via Bigli  19 - 20121 MilanoIR Top Consulting | Media Relations | d.gentile@irtop.com | T: + 39 02 4547 3884/3 | Via Bigli  19 - 20121 MilanoEURONEXT GROWTH ADVISOR & SPECIALISTIntegrae SIM | info@integraesim.it | T: +39 02 96846864 | Piazza Castello  24 - 20121 Milano",neutral,0.08,0.91,0.02,neutral,0.04,0.94,0.02,True,English,"['Redelfi S', 'Joint Venture', 'Flash SpA', 'WRM Group', 'Drafting', 'contract', 'creation', 'December', '08:44', 'stand-alone Battery Energy Storage Systems', 'Euronext Growth Milan segment', 'Flash S.p.A.', '20121 Milano IR Top Consulting', 'Redelfi S.p.A.', 'EURONEXT GROWTH ADVISOR', '2023 half-yearly financial report', 'sustainable infrastructure projects', 'Net Financial Position', 'strong innovative approach', 'FINANCIAL MEDIA RELATIONS', 'term sheet duration', 'Investor Relations Manager', 'A. Scarsellini', 'energy transition', 'BESS Projects', 'Net Result', 'Net Equity', 'press release', 'PDF format', 'JOINT VENTURE', 'FLASH SPA', 'same name', 'operational headquarters', 'Borsa Italiana', 'contractual set', 'digital transition', 'high focus', 'ESG principles', 'Erika Padoan', '119 Torre B', 'I Gemelli', 'Via Bigli', 'Integrae SIM', 'Piazza Castello', 'WRM GROUP', 'industrial group', 'homonymous Group', 'definition phase', 'Carolina Beretta', 'DRAFTING', 'CREATION', 'THE', '29 December', 'Company', 'Genoa', 'development', 'ref', '4 October', 'Italy', 'order', 'continuity', 'agreements', 'January', 'website', 'section', 'helm', 'products', 'services', 'processes', 'compliance', 'Value', 'Production', 'Contacts', 'ISSUER', '11 piano', '16149 Genova', 'gentile', 'SPECIALIST', 'integraesim']",2023-12-29,2023-12-30,marketscreener.com
34455,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/VINCI-4725/news/Issue-of-new-VINCI-shares-reserved-for-group-employees-in-France-in-the-context-of-its-savings-pl-45650789/,Issue of new VINCI shares  reserved for group employees in France in the context of its savings plan -December 29  2023 at 11:46 am EST,(marketscreener.com) VINCIA public limited company with a share capital of €1 494 371 617.50Registered office: 1973 boulevard de la Défense - 92000 NanterreRegistration number: 552 037 806 RCS Nanterrewww.vinci.comShareholders relations department: actionnair…,Official VINCI press releaseVINCIA public limited company (société anonyme) with a share capital of €1 494 371 617.50Registered office: 1973 boulevard de la Défense - 92000 NanterreRegistration number: 552 037 806 RCS Nanterrewww.vinci.comShareholders relations department: actionnaires@vinci.com____________________________________Issue of new VINCI shares reserved for group employees in Francein the context of its savings planThe Combined General Meeting of Shareholders of 13 April 2023  in its 22nd resolution  delegated to the Board of Directors its authority to carry out capital increases reserved for employees for a period of 26 months expiring on 12 June 2025.In this context  it defined the method for determining the issue price of the new shares.During its meeting of 19 October 2023  VINCI Board of Directors set the terms of a capital increase reserved for the Group’s employees in France  this operation falling within the delegation of authority received from the shareholders’ meeting.The maximum number of shares that may be issued and the total amount of the issue will depend on the level of employee subscriptions to the units to be issued by the “Castor Relais 2024/1” mutual fund which will be recorded at the end of the subscription period which will run from 1 January to 30 April 2024.The issue price of the new shares is equal to 95% of the average opening prices of VINCI shares listed on the regulated market of Euronext Paris SA during the 20 trading days preceding 19 October 2023  i.e. €98.53 per new share to be issued.The maximum number of new shares to be issued may not exceed the limit set by the General Meeting of Shareholders of 13 April 2023 in its 22nd resolution. The total number of new shares that may be issued on the basis of the 22nd resolution of the General Meeting of 13 April 2023 and on the basis of the 23rd resolution of the same General Meeting in favour of employees residing in certain foreign countries may not exceed 1.5% of the number of shares comprising the authorised share capital at the time when the Board makes its decision.The “Castor Relais 2024/1” mutual fund will subscribe to new VINCI shares to be issued1 at the end of May 2024.Application will be made for these new shares to be admitted to trading on the regulated market of Euronext Paris immediately after their creation.These ordinary shares will be unrestricted and will carry dividend rights from 1st January 2024.Nanterre  29 December 2023** **1 Up to the total amount of employees’ payments raised by contributions paid by group companies that are members of its savings plan in France.Attachment,neutral,0.11,0.87,0.01,neutral,0.03,0.94,0.03,True,English,"['new VINCI shares', 'group employees', 'savings plan', 'Issue', 'France', 'context', 'December', '11:46', 'Castor Relais 2024/1” mutual fund', 'Official VINCI press release', 'The Combined General Meeting', 'public limited company', 'société anonyme', 'la Défense', 'average opening prices', 'same General Meeting', 'Euronext Paris SA', 'Shareholders relations department', 'authorised share capital', 'new VINCI shares', 'new share', 'capital increases', 'shareholders’ meeting', 'Registered office', 'savings plan', '22nd resolution', 'total amount', 'employee subscriptions', '20 trading days', '23rd resolution', 'foreign countries', 'ordinary shares', 'dividend rights', 'Registration number', 'maximum number', 'total number', 'group companies', 'issue price', 'subscription period', 'regulated market', '1st January', 'VINCI Board', 'employees’ payments', 'RCS Nanterre', 'group employees', '1 January', '92000 Nanterre', '1973 boulevard', 'France', 'context', '13 April', 'Directors', 'authority', '26 months', '12 June', 'method', '19 October', 'terms', 'operation', 'delegation', 'level', 'units', '30 April', 'basis', 'favour', 'time', 'decision', 'May', 'Application', 'creation', '29 December', 'contributions', 'members', 'Attachment']",2023-12-29,2023-12-30,marketscreener.com
34456,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/12/29/2802108/0/en/Issue-of-new-VINCI-shares-reserved-for-group-employees-in-France-in-the-context-of-its-savings-plan.html,Issue of new VINCI shares  reserved for group employees in France in the context of its savings plan,VINCIA public limited company (société anonyme) with a share capital of €1 494 371 617.50Registered office: 1973 boulevard de la Défense - 92000 NanterreRegistration number: 552 037 806 RCS Nanterrewww.vinci.comShareholders relations department: actionnaires@…,VINCIA public limited company (société anonyme) with a share capital of €1 494 371 617.50Registered office: 1973 boulevard de la Défense - 92000 NanterreRegistration number: 552 037 806 RCS Nanterrewww.vinci.comShareholders relations department: actionnaires@vinci.com____________________________________Issue of new VINCI shares reserved for group employees in Francein the context of its savings planThe Combined General Meeting of Shareholders of 13 April 2023  in its 22nd resolution  delegated to the Board of Directors its authority to carry out capital increases reserved for employees for a period of 26 months expiring on 12 June 2025.In this context  it defined the method for determining the issue price of the new shares.During its meeting of 19 October 2023  VINCI Board of Directors set the terms of a capital increase reserved for the Group’s employees in France  this operation falling within the delegation of authority received from the shareholders’ meeting.The maximum number of shares that may be issued and the total amount of the issue will depend on the level of employee subscriptions to the units to be issued by the “Castor Relais 2024/1” mutual fund which will be recorded at the end of the subscription period which will run from 1 January to 30 April 2024.The issue price of the new shares is equal to 95% of the average opening prices of VINCI shares listed on the regulated market of Euronext Paris SA during the 20 trading days preceding 19 October 2023  i.e. €98.53 per new share to be issued.The maximum number of new shares to be issued may not exceed the limit set by the General Meeting of Shareholders of 13 April 2023 in its 22nd resolution. The total number of new shares that may be issued on the basis of the 22nd resolution of the General Meeting of 13 April 2023 and on the basis of the 23rd resolution of the same General Meeting in favour of employees residing in certain foreign countries may not exceed 1.5% of the number of shares comprising the authorised share capital at the time when the Board makes its decision.The “Castor Relais 2024/1” mutual fund will subscribe to new VINCI shares to be issued1 at the end of May 2024.Application will be made for these new shares to be admitted to trading on the regulated market of Euronext Paris immediately after their creation.These ordinary shares will be unrestricted and will carry dividend rights from 1st January 2024.Nanterre  29 December 2023** **1 Up to the total amount of employees’ payments raised by contributions paid by group companies that are members of its savings plan in France.Attachment,neutral,0.06,0.93,0.01,neutral,0.04,0.94,0.03,True,English,"['new VINCI shares', 'group employees', 'savings plan', 'Issue', 'France', 'context', 'Castor Relais 2024/1” mutual fund', 'The Combined General Meeting', 'public limited company', 'société anonyme', 'la Défense', 'average opening prices', 'same General Meeting', 'Euronext Paris SA', 'Shareholders relations department', 'authorised share capital', 'new VINCI shares', 'new share', 'capital increases', 'shareholders’ meeting', 'Registered office', 'savings plan', '22nd resolution', 'total amount', 'employee subscriptions', '20 trading days', '23rd resolution', 'foreign countries', 'ordinary shares', 'dividend rights', 'Registration number', 'maximum number', 'total number', 'group companies', 'issue price', 'subscription period', 'regulated market', '1st January', 'employees’ payments', 'RCS Nanterre', 'VINCI Board', 'group employees', '1 January', '92000 Nanterre', '1973 boulevard', 'actionnaires', 'France', 'context', '13 April', 'Directors', 'authority', '26 months', '12 June', 'method', '19 October', 'terms', 'operation', 'delegation', 'level', 'units', '30 April', 'basis', 'favour', 'time', 'decision', 'May', 'Application', 'creation', '29 December', 'contributions', 'members', 'Attachment']",2023-12-29,2023-12-30,globenewswire.com
34457,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.investorsobserver.com/news/qm-pr/8497928303670790,Tetragon Financial Group Limited November 2023 Monthly Factsheet,Tetragon Financial Group Limited November 2023 Monthly Factsheet           PR Newswire             LONDON           Dec. 29  2023     /PRNewswire/ --&#xA0;Tetragon has released its Monthly Factsheet for   November 2023   .       Net Asset Value:   $2 8...,LONDON   Dec. 29  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- Tetragon has released its Monthly Factsheet for November 2023 .Net Asset Value: $2 800mFully Diluted NAV Per Share: $29.78Share Price (TFG NA): $9.72Monthly NAV per share total return: 2.4%Monthly Return on Equity: 2.8%Most recent quarterly dividend: $0.11Dividend yield: 4.5%Please refer to important disclosures on page three of the Monthly Factsheet.Please click below to access the Monthly Factsheet.November 2023 FactsheetAbout Tetragon:Tetragon is a Guernsey closed-ended investment company. Its non-voting shares are listed on Euronext in Amsterdam   a regulated market of Euronext Amsterdam N.V.  and also traded on the Specialist Fund Segment of the Main Market of the London Stock Exchange. Our investment manager is Tetragon Financial Management LP. Find out more at www.tetragoninv.com .Tetragon's non-voting shares are subject to restrictions on ownership by U.S. persons and are not intended for European retail investors.Please see: https://www.tetragoninv.com/shareholders/additional-information .Tetragon Investor Relations:Yuko Thomasir@tetragoninv.comPress Inquiries:Prosek Partnerspro-tetragon@prosek.comU.K. +44 20 3890 9193U.S. +1 212 279 3115This release does not contain or constitute an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to purchase securities in the United States or any other jurisdiction. The securities of Tetragon have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933 and may not be offered or sold in the United States or to U.S. persons unless they are registered under applicable law or exempt from registration. Tetragon does not intend to register any portion of its securities in the United States or to conduct a public offer of securities in the United States . In addition  Tetragon has not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Investment Company Act of 1940  and investors will not be entitled to the benefits of such Act. Tetragon is registered in the public register of the Netherlands Authority for the Financial Markets under Section 1:107 of the Financial Markets Supervision Act as a collective investment scheme from a designated country.View original content: https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/tetragon-financial-group-limited-november-2023-monthly-factsheet-302023267.htmlSOURCE Tetragon Financial Group Limited,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.91,0.07,True,English,"['Tetragon Financial Group Limited', 'Monthly Factsheet', 'SOURCE Tetragon Financial Group Limited', 'U.S. Investment Company Act', 'Guernsey closed-ended investment company', 'Financial Markets Supervision Act', 'Tetragon Financial Management LP', 'Euronext Amsterdam N.V.', 'U.S. Securities Act', 'U.S. persons', 'collective investment scheme', 'Net Asset Value', 'Specialist Fund Segment', 'Fully Diluted NAV', 'recent quarterly dividend', 'London Stock Exchange', 'European retail investors', 'Tetragon Investor Relations', 'share total return', 'investment manager', 'U.K.', 'Dividend yield', 'Monthly NAV', 'Monthly Return', 'Share Price', 'TFG NA', 'important disclosures', 'voting shares', 'regulated market', 'Main Market', 'Yuko Thomas', 'Press Inquiries', 'United States', 'other jurisdiction', 'applicable law', 'public register', 'Netherlands Authority', 'original content', 'Prosek Partners', 'Monthly Factsheet', 'public offer', 'Dec.', 'November', 'Equity', 'page', 'tetragoninv', 'restrictions', 'ownership', 'shareholders', 'additional-information', 'release', 'solicitation', 'registration', 'portion', 'benefits', 'Section', 'country', 'prnewswire']",2023-12-29,2023-12-30,investorsobserver.com
34458,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/ALGOWATT-S-P-A-3822461/news/AlgoWatt-S-p-A-The-Board-of-Directors-resolved-to-file-an-application-for-composition-with-rese-45651141/,AlgoWatt S p A : The Board of Directors resolved to file an application for composition “with reservation” pursuant to Articles 44 and 284 of Legislative Decree No. 14 ss.mm.ii. of 12 January 2019 with the Court of Milan,(marketscreener.com)   The Board of Directors of algoWatt  a GreenTech Company listed on the Euronext Milan market of Borsa Italiana  met today under the chairmanship of Stefano Neri and in the presence of the notary public Francesco Giovanni Sapia  followi…,"The Board of Directors of algoWatt  a GreenTech Company listed on the Euronext Milan market of Borsa Italiana  met today under the chairmanship of Stefano Neri and in the presence of the notary public Francesco Giovanni Sapia  following the press release issued on 27 November 2023  evaluated and resolved to file  before the Court of Milan  a request for composition with creditors ""with reserve"" pursuant to Articles 44 and 284 of Legislative Decree 12 January 2019  no. 14 ss.mm.ii. The Board of Directors instructed the CEO to arrange for the filing of the application with the Court of Milan  reserving the right to submit the proposed arrangement with business continuity  the business and financial plan  the attestation of truthfulness of data and feasibility  and the documents referred to in Art. 39 paragraphs (1) and (2) of the Corporate Crisis and Insolvency Code (CCII); or an application for approval of debt restructuring agreements accompanied by the plan  the attestation of truthfulness of data and feasibility and the documentation referred to in Article 39 paragraph (1) CCII. algoWatt is confident that the overall measures adopted with the assistance of its advisors will better safeguard the company's assets  also as a guarantee to creditors  and overcome the current financial tensions in the continuity of the Company's operations. algoWatt's Board of Directors also announces that it has appointed PricewaterhouseCoopers Business Services S.r.l.  in the person of Mr. Giuseppe Palermo  as financial advisor to update the industrial and financial plan prepared by the Company. Lastly  the Board of Directors appointed Mr. Fabio Pettinato  partner of Studio Tributario e Societario Pettinato & Gibillini  as professional advisor for the independent expert's report pursuant to Article 87 paragraph 3 and Article 284 paragraphs 1 and 5 of the CCII concerning the application for admission to the Group's composition with creditors procedure as a going concern. The assignments to PwC Business Services and Studio Tributario e Societario Pettinato & Gibillini are in addition to those conferred to Prof. Dr. Arato for legal assistance and to Prof. Dr. Giulio Andreani  Partner of PwC TLS Avvocati e Commercialisti  in the resolution of issues relating to the taxation of business crises. The Company will inform the market by means of subsequent press releases  in the manner established by the applicable provisions  of any updates on the above-mentioned procedures.The Board of Directors resolved to file an application for composition ""with reservation"" pursuant to Articles 44 and 284 of Legislative Decree No. 14 ss.mm.ii. of 12 January 2019 with the Court of Milan",neutral,0.02,0.77,0.21,mixed,0.37,0.36,0.26,True,English,"['Legislative Decree No.', 'AlgoWatt S', 'Board', 'Directors', 'application', 'composition', 'reservation', 'Articles', '12 January', 'Court', 'Milan', 'PricewaterhouseCoopers Business Services S.r.l.', 'notary public Francesco Giovanni Sapia', 'Prof. Dr. Giulio Andreani', 'PwC Business Services', 'Prof. Dr. Arato', 'debt restructuring agreements', 'Mr. Giuseppe Palermo', 'PwC TLS Avvocati', 'subsequent press releases', 'Mr. Fabio Pettinato', 'current financial tensions', 'Euronext Milan market', 'business crises', 'Societario Pettinato', 'business continuity', 'financial advisor', 'Borsa Italiana', 'Stefano Neri', 'Legislative Decree', 'Art. 39 paragraphs', 'Corporate Crisis', 'Insolvency Code', 'Article 39 paragraph', 'overall measures', 'Studio Tributario', 'professional advisor', 'independent expert', 'Article 87 paragraph', 'Article 284 paragraphs', 'going concern', 'applicable provisions', 'financial plan', 'legal assistance', 'creditors procedure', 'GreenTech Company', 'Board', 'Directors', 'algoWatt', 'chairmanship', 'presence', '27 November', 'Court', 'request', 'composition', 'reserve', 'Articles', 'CEO', 'filing', 'application', 'right', 'arrangement', 'attestation', 'truthfulness', 'data', 'feasibility', 'documents', 'CCII', 'approval', 'documentation', 'advisors', 'assets', 'guarantee', 'operations', 'person', 'industrial', 'partner', 'Gibillini', 'report', 'admission', 'Group', 'assignments', 'addition', 'Commercialisti', 'resolution', 'issues', 'taxation', 'The', 'means', 'manner', 'updates', 'procedures', 'reservation', '12 January']",2023-12-29,2023-12-30,marketscreener.com
34459,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/EUROLOG-CANOLA-SOCIMI-S-A-125743356/news/Eurolog-Canola-SOCIMI-U-Draft-press-release-Ribaroja-EuroLog-Levante-29-12-2023-45650486/,Eurolog Canola SOCIMI U : Draft press release Ribaroja - EuroLog Levante 29.12.2023 -December 29  2023 at 10:06 am EST,(marketscreener.com)   EUROLOG CANOLA SOCIMI  S.A.U.   Calle Nanclares de Oca 1 - B  28022 Madrid https://www.eurologcanola.com/   Madrid  29 December 2023   Pursuant to Article 17 of Regulation No. 596/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Co…,"EUROLOG CANOLA SOCIMI  S.A.U.Calle Nanclares de Oca 1 - B  28022 Madrid (Spain) https://www.eurologcanola.com/Madrid  29 December 2023Pursuant to Article 17 of Regulation (EU) No. 596/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 16 April 2014 on market abuse (Market Abuse Regulation)  and repealing Directive 2003/6/EC of the European Parliament and of the Council and Commission Directives 2003/124/EC  2003/125/EC and 2004/72/EC  and Article 61004/2 of Euronext Rule Book I  EUROLOG CANOLA SOCIMI S.A.U. (the ""Company"") hereby notifies the followingPRESS RELEASEThe company EuroLog Levante  S.L.U. (formerly named Inversiones Go Spain Levante  S.L.U) (""Eurolog Levante"")  a Spanish liability company incorporated on 15 November 2017  is a wholly owned subsidiary of EuroLog Canola SOCIMI  S.A.U.On 29 December 2023  Eurolog Levante executed an asset purchase public deed before the Notary Public of Valencia  Mr. José Alicarte Domingo  according to which one (1) logistic platform located at the plot number 12 (also identified as number 15)  Calle A-III  exit 341  of Industrial Estate ""El Oliveral""  Ribarroja del Turia  46394 Valencia (Valencia province) registered in the Property Land Registry of Benaguasil at Volume 1 963  Book 602  Sheet 84 and under plot number 22 303  was sold to Valencia Logistics Investments  S.L.U.Sincerely EUROLOG CANOLA SOCIMI S.A.U.D. Eduardo de Roda GonzálezDirector1",neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,positive,0.6,0.39,0.01,True,English,"['Draft press release Ribaroja', 'Eurolog Canola SOCIMI U', 'EuroLog Levante', 'December', '10:06', 'D. Eduardo de Roda González Director', 'EUROLOG CANOLA SOCIMI S.A.U.', 'Mr. José Alicarte Domingo', 'asset purchase public deed', 'S.L.U.', 'one (1) logistic platform', 'Ribarroja del Turia', 'Property Land Registry', 'Euronext Rule Book', 'Valencia Logistics Investments', 'Spanish liability company', 'Market Abuse Regulation', 'EuroLog Levante', 'Notary Public', 'Calle Nanclares', 'European Parliament', 'Commission Directives', 'PRESS RELEASE', 'Calle A-III', 'Industrial Estate', 'El Oliveral', 'Valencia province', 'plot number', 'Oca', '28022 Madrid', 'Spain', 'eurologcanola', '29 December', 'Article', 'No.', 'Council', '16 April', 'Inversiones', '15 November', 'subsidiary', 'exit', 'Benaguasil', 'Volume', 'Sheet']",2023-12-29,2023-12-30,marketscreener.com
34460,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/12/29/2802114/0/en/Tonner-Drones-Publishes-Half-Year-Results.html,Tonner Drones Publishes Half-Year Results,Tonner Drones Publishes Half-Year Results       Cannes  December 29  2023  6:00 p.m.       Tonner Drones (FR001400H2X4 - ALTD) (the “Company”)...,Tonner Drones Publishes Half-Year ResultsCannes  December 29  2023  6:00 p.m.Tonner Drones (FR001400H2X4 - ALTD) (the “Company”) has published its half-year financial results for the period from January 1  2023 to June 30 2023. These results reflect the situation of the Company under the former management and board of directors before the current board of directors was appointed at the June 5  2023  Annual General Meeting (the “AGM”)1.Following this AGM  the new board immediately began to restructure the Company to remedy the absence of a clear business model  and excessive cash burn rate (the “CBR”). Significant measures were implemented in the second half of the year to make the Company viable. All previous staff members  except one  were replaced. The lease for the oversized and overpriced offices was terminated  the premises were vacated  and operations relocated to more affordable and appropriately sized premises in Cannes. Contracts executed by the former management team are also being renegotiated. In parallel  on July 20  2023  the Company announced its decision to focus on the military and security sector. The initial CBR of approximately €200 000/month has been reduced to about €50 000/month.The Company also holds minority stakes in four promising drone companies and those will be actively managed to create value for Tonner Drones’ shareholders in 2024  either through joint ventures or capital increases  partnerships with other minority shareholders  or exits.Sales to June 30  2023 (in euros) Operating incometo June 30  2023 (in euros) Net incometo June 30  2023 (in euros) 88 216 (2 751 918) (8 829 451)All write-offs taken on the balance sheet are non-cash events.Tonner Drones’ restructuring is scheduled to be completed by December 31  2023. The new board  comprised of Jean-François OTT as chairman  along with Brad TAYLOR and Diede van den OUDEN  has decided to streamline and simplify the Company's structure  and to dissolve the following five subsidiaries  without liquidation through a universal transfer of assets:1) UDT UNITED DRONE TECHNOLOGIES SAS (894 015 940 RCS LYON)2) DELTA DRONE EXPERTS SAS (843 003 484 RCS LYON)3) TECHNI DRONE SAS (791 372 600 RCS LYON)4) MTSI SAS (435 029 780 RCS LYON)5) TONNER DRONES SAS (922 212 469 RCS CANNES)Tonner Drones’ management is focusing its attention on markets of the future  particularly in the defense and homeland security sectors. Towards those ends  a partnership with Ukrainian military drone manufacturer Techaviacom was announced on September 27  20232. Five truckloads of equipment were delivered to Ukraine in the second half of the year with the aim of producing and testing our drones on site. Today  tens of thousands of military drones are used every month in all areas of military operations. The patents held by Tonner Drones as well as several patents pending are extremely valuable. In particular  Tonner Drones’ German and UK recoil elimination patents originally developed for UK special forces have a broad range of drone applications in the civilian and military sectors to reduce the risks to operators and frontline troops. Tonner Drones has already initiated several discussions to leverage these patents in the context of technological partnerships with manufacturers of small arms and military drones.The results published today focus on the first half of 2023. However  the Company would also like to make it clear that in the second half of 2023  it has had to incur significant legal costs in implementing the restructuring. As a result of these additional legal costs  shareholders should anticipate a loss for the second half of 2023.As significant shareholders in the Company  management continues its commitment to eliminating variable pricing financing instruments by meeting its obligations towards YA II PN  Ltd (“Yorkville”) as announced in its press release of June 27  20233. A further payment of €80 000 will be made to Yorkville before the end of the year as scheduled  leaving a balance of €140 000. The Company is investigating several options to finance this balance  as well as its working capital.About Tonner Drones: Tonner Drones (formerly Delta Drone) develops UAVs and associated technologies for the defense and homeland security sectors. Tonner Drones holds valuable stakes in some of France's leading civilian and military drone manufacturers. Tonner Drones’ strategy is to leverage its shareholdings in these companies through active asset management  a private equity fund  and by teaming up with other private equity funds to become a significant industry consolidator. Additional revenues can be achieved through royalties from patents held by Tonner Drones to recognized manufacturers. Tonner Drones does not plan on owning a factory; however  it is determined to retain R&D for its products and systems in France.Tonner Drones’ shares are listed on Euronext Growth Paris (ISIN code: FR001400H2X4).More information at www.tonnerdrones.comIf you would like to find out more  or if you are interested in a partnership: contact@tonnerdrones. comTonner Drones shares are listed on Euronext Growth Paris (ISIN code: FR001400H2X4).More information at www.tonnerdrones.comIf you would like to find out more  or if you are interested in a partnership: contact@tonnerdrones.comContactActifinJean-Yves BARBARAFinancial communicationjybarbara@actifin.fr+33 (0)1 56 88 11 13 ActifinAmélie OrioPress Relationsamelie.orio@seitosei-actifin.com+33 (0)1 56 88 11 161 https://tonnerdrones.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/06/DeltaDrone_CP_closing_07.06.2023_VD.pdf2 https://tonnerdrones.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/09/2023-09-27_Delta-Drone-signe-un-accord-de-vente-et-dachat-avec-Techaviacom_Vdef.pdf3 https://tonnerdrones.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/09/DeltaDrone_CP_DeltaDrone_Yorkville_27.06.2023_EN__VD.pdfAttachments,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,negative,0.02,0.23,0.75,True,English,"['Tonner Drones', 'Half-Year Results', 'UDT UNITED DRONE TECHNOLOGIES SAS', 'Diede van den OUDEN', 'variable pricing financing instruments', 'excessive cash burn rate', 'other private equity funds', 'four promising drone companies', 'DELTA DRONE EXPERTS SAS', 'Ukrainian military drone manufacturer', 'UK recoil elimination patents', 'TECHNI DRONE SAS', 'UK special forces', 'Annual General Meeting', 'clear business model', 'previous staff members', 'Jean-François OTT', 'YA II PN', 'Euronext Growth Paris', 'significant legal costs', 'additional legal costs', 'significant industry consolidator', 'active asset management', 'homeland security sectors', 'other minority shareholders', 'TONNER DRONES SAS', 'former management team', 'Tonner Drones’ German', 'Tonner Drones’ strategy', 'military drone manufacturers', 'half-year financial results', 'Tonner Drones’ management', 'Tonner Drones’ shareholders', 'Tonner Drones’ restructuring', 'associated technologies', 'MTSI SAS', 'drone applications', 'cash events', 'military sectors', 'significant shareholders', 'military drones', 'Significant measures', 'minority stakes', 'Additional revenues', 'Half-Year Results', 'second half', 'overpriced offices', 'joint ventures', 'capital increases', 'Operating income', 'Net income', 'Brad TAYLOR', 'five subsidiaries', 'universal transfer', '940 RCS LYON', '484 RCS LYON', '91 372 600 RCS LYON', '780 RCS LYON', 'Five truckloads', 'broad range', 'frontline troops', 'several discussions', 'small arms', 'first half', 'press release', 'several options', 'working capital', 'valuable stakes', 'R&D', 'ISIN code', 'More information', 'several patents', 'military operations', 'current board', 'new board', 'sized premises', 'initial CBR', 'technological partnerships', 'leading civilian', 'balance sheet', '469 RCS CANNES', 'The Company', 'December', 'FR001400H2X4', 'ALTD', 'period', 'January', 'June', 'situation', 'directors', 'AGM', 'absence', 'oversized', 'affordable', 'Contracts', 'parallel', 'July', 'decision', 'value', 'exits', 'Sales', 'euros', 'write-offs', 'chairman', 'structure', 'liquidation', 'assets', 'attention', 'markets', 'future', 'defense', 'ends', 'Techaviacom', 'September', 'equipment', 'Ukraine', 'aim', 'site', 'tens', 'thousands', 'areas', 'risks', 'operators', 'context', 'loss', 'commitment', 'obligations', 'Yorkville', 'payment', 'UAVs', 'France', 'shareholdings', 'royalties', 'factory', 'products', 'systems', 'shares', 'tonnerdrones', '6:00', '2023']",2023-12-29,2023-12-30,globenewswire.com
34461,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.etfdailynews.com/2023/12/29/grimes-company-inc-trims-holdings-in-invesco-sp-500-equal-weight-etf-nysearcarsp/,Grimes & Company Inc. Trims Holdings in Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF (NYSEARCA:RSP),Grimes & Company Inc. decreased its stake in shares of Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF (NYSEARCA:RSP – Free Report) by 6.6% in the third quarter  according to the company in its most recent Form 13F filing with the SEC. The fund owned 425 925 shares of the c…,Grimes & Company Inc. decreased its stake in shares of Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF (NYSEARCA:RSP – Free Report) by 6.6% in the third quarter  according to the company in its most recent Form 13F filing with the SEC. The fund owned 425 925 shares of the company’s stock after selling 29 899 shares during the quarter. Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF comprises about 2.3% of Grimes & Company Inc.’s portfolio  making the stock its 10th largest holding. Grimes & Company Inc. owned approximately 0.15% of Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF worth $60 349 000 as of its most recent filing with the SEC.A number of other hedge funds and other institutional investors have also recently modified their holdings of the stock. Ironwood Wealth Management LLC. increased its holdings in shares of Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF by 59.6% in the first quarter. Ironwood Wealth Management LLC. now owns 8 585 shares of the company’s stock worth $1 354 000 after purchasing an additional 3 207 shares during the last quarter. BlackRock Inc. increased its stake in Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF by 0.4% in the 1st quarter. BlackRock Inc. now owns 170 508 shares of the company’s stock worth $26 891 000 after acquiring an additional 663 shares during the last quarter. Vontobel Holding Ltd. raised its holdings in shares of Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF by 25.7% during the 1st quarter. Vontobel Holding Ltd. now owns 11 000 shares of the company’s stock worth $1 735 000 after acquiring an additional 2 250 shares in the last quarter. Baird Financial Group Inc. boosted its position in shares of Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF by 46.5% during the 1st quarter. Baird Financial Group Inc. now owns 333 958 shares of the company’s stock valued at $52 669 000 after acquiring an additional 105 955 shares during the last quarter. Finally  Mather Group LLC. boosted its position in shares of Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF by 89.8% during the 1st quarter. Mather Group LLC. now owns 2 604 shares of the company’s stock valued at $411 000 after acquiring an additional 1 232 shares during the last quarter.Get Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF alerts:Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF Stock PerformanceShares of RSP opened at $158.41 on Friday. The stock has a market capitalization of $44.78 billion  a PE ratio of 16.13 and a beta of 1.05. The company’s fifty day moving average is $146.23 and its 200 day moving average is $147.28. Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF has a fifty-two week low of $133.34 and a fifty-two week high of $158.60.Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF ProfileGuggenheim S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF  formerly Rydex S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF  seeks to replicate as closely as possible  the daily performance of the S&P 500 Equal Weight Index (the Index). The Index is a capitalization-weighted index covering 500 industrial  utility  transportation and financial companies of the United States markets (mostly NYSE Euronext issues).Featured StoriesWant to see what other hedge funds are holding RSP? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF (NYSEARCA:RSP – Free Report).Receive News & Ratings for Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.0,positive,0.62,0.36,0.02,True,English,"['Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF', 'Company Inc', 'Trims Holdings', 'Grimes', 'NYSEARCA', 'RSP', 'Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF alerts', 'Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF Profile', 'Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF Stock Performance', 'Guggenheim S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF', 'Rydex S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF', 'S&P 500 Equal Weight Index', 'Ironwood Wealth Management LLC', 'fifty day moving average', 'recent Form 13F filing', 'Baird Financial Group Inc.', 'FREE daily email newsletter', '200 day moving average', 'Mather Group LLC', 'other hedge funds', 'other institutional investors', 'United States markets', 'NYSE Euronext issues', 'latest 13F filings', 'concise daily summary', 'Vontobel Holding Ltd.', 'daily performance', 'recent filing', 'financial companies', 'email address', 'Free Report', 'BlackRock Inc.', 'The Index', 'capitalization-weighted index', 'market capitalization', 'PE ratio', 'fifty-two week', 'Featured Stories', 'insider trades', 'latest news', 'related companies', 'third quarter', 'first quarter', 'last quarter', '1st quarter', 'Company Inc.', 'NYSEARCA:RSP', ""analysts' ratings"", 'MarketBeat.com', 'additional 3,207 shares', 'additional 663 shares', 'additional 2,250 shares', 'additional 105,955 shares', 'additional 1,232 shares', '425,925 shares', '29,899 shares', '8,585 shares', '170,508 shares', '11,000 shares', '333,958 shares', '2,604 shares', 'Grimes', 'stake', 'SEC', 'portfolio', 'number', 'holdings', 'position', 'Friday', 'beta', 'transportation']",2023-12-29,2023-12-30,etfdailynews.com
34462,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.independent.ie/business/euronext-claims-ipo-crown-despite-run-of-irish-exits/a328544864.html,Euronext claims IPO crown despite run of Irish exits,The operator of the Dublin stock market  Euronext  added 64 new shares for trading in 2023  the lion’s share of equity listings across Europe  although in Ireland it is struggling as big names exit.,The operator of the Dublin stock market  Euronext  added 64 new shares for trading in 2023  the lion’s share of equity listings across Europe  although it is struggling in Ireland as big names exit.In a market update  Euronext said it had further established itself as a “natural hub for the listings of major global companies and attracted the majority of international companies listing in Europe”.Major new listing included: Seacrest Petroleo  a Brazilian oil and gas operator  listed on Euronext Oslo with a €356m market capitalisation; Italian lottery operator Lottomatica which raised €600m via a private placement on Euronext Milan; Spanish infrastructure group Ferrovial  valued at €21bn after a direct listing on Euronext Amsterdam; as well as Syensqo  a specialty chemicals spin-off from Solvay that listed on Euronext Brussels and Euronext Paris with an €8.8bn market capitalisation.In Ireland  however the Euronext Dublin has seen more issuers leave the exchange than join in 2023  including what was the largest listing here  CRH.The construction material’s giant’s departure heightened concerns about the role of the Dublin market  following an exodus of other big names in the past number of years  including Greencore  DCC  Aryzta and Grafton Group as well as Green Reit  Hibernia Reit and Yew Grove Reit.The sole new equity listing in Dublin in 2023 was of specialist renewable investor Aquila European Renewables PLC  which added a listing on Euronext Dublin to its London Stock Exchange listing.The UK-domiciled company invests in renewable energy technologies across continental Europe and the Republic of Ireland. It floated in London in 2019.It has a market capitalisation of €338.8m and a portfolio of investments in wind  photovoltaic energy and hydroelectric power plants.With CRH now gone  Flutter is due to exit Dublin next month as it moves its primary listing to New York.Packaging giant Smurfit Kappa is planning to merge with US-based WestRock and has indicated that if the deal goes ahead  it will also delist from Dublin.Commenting on the 2023 data  Stéphane Boujnah  CEO and chairman of Euronext  said its exchanges had retained their status as the “undisputed listing venue of choice in Europe”.“This is the result of our efforts to build the largest European single liquidity pool that is the main gateway for global investors to trade European listed securities ” he said.,neutral,0.03,0.85,0.11,negative,0.03,0.36,0.61,True,English,"['IPO crown', 'Irish exits', 'Euronext', 'run', 'largest European single liquidity pool', 'Aquila European Renewables PLC', 'Packaging giant Smurfit Kappa', 'sole new equity listing', 'London Stock Exchange listing', 'European listed securities', 'specialist renewable investor', 'hydroelectric power plants', 'Stéphane Boujnah', 'international companies listing', 'undisputed listing venue', 'major global companies', 'Spanish infrastructure group', 'renewable energy technologies', 'Major new listing', 'Yew Grove Reit', '€356m market capitalisation', '€8.8bn market capitalisation', 'Italian lottery operator', 'other big names', 'Dublin stock market', 'largest listing', '64 new shares', 'New York', 'direct listing', 'primary listing', 'equity listings', 'market update', 'Grafton Group', 'photovoltaic energy', 'global investors', 'Green Reit', 'Hibernia Reit', 'Dublin market', 'natural hub', 'Seacrest Petroleo', 'Brazilian oil', 'gas operator', 'private placement', 'specialty chemicals', 'construction material', 'past number', 'UK-domiciled company', 'US-based WestRock', 'main gateway', 'Euronext Oslo', 'Euronext Milan', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'Euronext Brussels', 'Euronext Paris', 'Euronext Dublin', 'continental Europe', 'trading', 'lion', 'Ireland', 'majority', 'Lottomatica', 'Ferrovial', 'Syensqo', 'Solvay', 'issuers', 'CRH', 'departure', 'concerns', 'exodus', 'years', 'Greencore', 'DCC', 'Aryzta', 'Republic', 'portfolio', 'investments', 'wind', 'Flutter', 'deal', '2023 data', 'CEO', 'chairman', 'exchanges', 'status', 'choice', 'result', 'efforts']",2023-12-29,2023-12-30,independent.ie
34463,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/12/29/2801915/0/en/BGHL-GBP-NAV-s.html,BGHL (GBP): NAV(s),BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED      Ordinary Shares      The Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan...,"BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary SharesThe Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for the Company.Close of business 28 Dec 2023.Estimated NAVEuro Shares Sterling Shares Estimated NAV € 27.6031 £ 24.6165 Estimated MTD return 0.57 % 0.66 % Estimated YTD return -0.60 % 0.78 % Estimated ITD return 176.03 % 146.16 %NAV and returns are calculated net of management and performance feesMarket informationEuro Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close € 25.20 N/A Premium/discount to estimated NAV -8.71 % N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close N/A GBX 2 050.00 Premium/discount to estimated NAV N/A -16.72 %Transactions in own securities purchased into treasuryOrdinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/A Range of Price N/A N/ALiquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/ABGHL CapitalBGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Shares Outstanding 12 299 516 123 090 Held in treasury N/A N/A Shares Issued 12 299 516 123 090Estimated BG Fund NAVClass B Euro Shares (estimated) € 246.2313 Class GBP A Shares (estimated) £ 131.9143The Class B Euro Shares of BG Fund are not subject to investment manager fees  as the Investment Manager receives management fees and performance fees in respect of its role as Investment Manager of BGHL.For further information please contact:Boussard & Gavaudan Investment Management  LLP.Emmanuel Gavaudan +44 (0) 20 3751 5389 Email : info@bgam-uk.comThe Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has received the necessary approval of the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and the States of Guernsey Policy Council. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.This is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Neither the Company nor BG Fund ICAV has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that:all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results;the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; andif you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.Attachment",neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,negative,0.01,0.27,0.72,True,English,"['BGHL', 'GBP', 'NAV', 'GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary Shares', 'The Class B Euro Shares', 'BGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares', 'A Liquidity Enhancement Agreement', 'Class GBP A Shares', 'A N/A Average Price', 'Euro Shares Sterling Shares', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam', 'treasury N/A N/A Shares', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'US Investment Company Act', 'Euro Shares Amsterdam', 'A N/A Range', 'Sterling Shares Shares', 'expert financial advice', 'Guernsey Policy Council', 'collective investment scheme', 'other professional advice', 'BG Fund ICAV', 'Gavaudan Investment Management', 'closed-ended investment company', 'UK Listing Authority', 'US Securities Act', 'investment manager fees', 'BG Fund NAV', 'The Shares', 'N/A GBX', 'Dutch Authority', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'US persons', 'Financial Markets', 'The Directors', 'The Company', 'investment performance', 'original investment', 'investment decision', 'performance fees', 'BGHL Capital', 'management fees', 'MTD return', 'YTD return', 'ITD return', 'financieel toezicht', 'Official List', 'applicable law', 'public offering', 'other jurisdiction', 'main market', 'United States', 'following information', 'information purposes', 'necessary approval', 'future results', 'listed securities', 'Market information', 'LSE) Market', 'BOUSSARD', 'business', 'returns', 'AEX', 'Transactions', 'Number', 'respect', 'role', 'LLP.', 'Email', 'bgam', 'article', 'conjunction', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', 'mind', 'risk', 'past', 'guarantee', 'doubt', 'contents', 'communication', 'substitute', 'Attachment']",2023-12-29,2023-12-30,globenewswire.com
34464,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/BOUSSARD-GAVAUDAN-HOLDING-36044/news/BOUSSARD-GAVAUDAN-HOLDING-LIMITED-EUR-Transaction-in-Own-Shares-45651090/,BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED (EUR) : Transaction in Own Shares -December 29  2023 at 01:01 pm EST,(marketscreener.com) BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED December 2023 TRANSACTION IN OWN SECURITIES ACTIVITY REPORT1 The Company announces that pursuant to the general authority granted by shareholders of the Company on 28 May 2019 to make market purchases o…,"Official BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED press releaseBOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDDecember 2023 TRANSACTION IN OWN SECURITIES ACTIVITY REPORT 1The Company announces that pursuant to the general authority granted by shareholders of the Company on 28 May 2019 to make market purchases of its own Ordinary shares  it repurchased 0 Euro shares in December 2023.Figure of the share buy back programme for December 2023Share Buy Back Programme Liquidity Enhancement Agreement Aggregate number of transactions conducted in November 2023 00 Average size of the transactions 0 0Following this transaction  the Company has:Euro share outstanding excluding share held in treasury 12 299 516Euro share held in treasury 0 GBP share outstanding excluding share held in treasury 123 090 GBP share held in treasury 0 Total number of shares 12 422 60629 December 2023For further information please contact:Boussard & Gavaudan Investment Management  LLPEmmanuel Gavaudan (London) +44 203 751 5389François-Xavier Baud (London) +44 203 751 5395The Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has received the necessary approval of the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and the States of Guernsey Policy Council. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.This is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Neither the Company nor Boussard & Gavaudan Fund Plc has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that: all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results; the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; and if you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.1 This report includes the transactions conducted by both BGHL  for the share buy back programme and Exane  for the Liquidity Enhancement Agreement.Attachment",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,negative,0.01,0.33,0.66,True,English,"['GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED', 'Own Shares', 'BOUSSARD', 'EUR', 'Transaction', 'December', '01', 'Share Buy Back Programme Liquidity Enhancement Agreement', 'GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED press release', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'OWN SECURITIES ACTIVITY REPORT', 'US Investment Company Act', 'Gavaudan Fund Plc', 'François-Xavier Baud', 'Gavaudan Investment Management', 'expert financial advice', 'Guernsey Policy Council', 'collective investment scheme', 'other professional advice', 'UK Listing Authority', 'US Securities Act', 'closed-ended investment company', 'Dutch Authority', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'US persons', 'Financial Markets', 'investment performance', 'original investment', 'investment decision', 'Euro share', '090 GBP share', 'general authority', 'market purchases', 'Aggregate number', 'Average size', 'Total number', 'financieel toezicht', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'Official List', 'main market', 'applicable law', 'public offering', 'The Company', 'other jurisdiction', 'United States', 'listed securities', 'Ordinary shares', 'necessary approval', 'The Shares', 'future results', 'information purposes', 'Official BOUSSARD', 'December', 'TRANSACTION', 'shareholders', '28 May', 'Figure', 'November', 'treasury', 'LLP', 'article', 'conjunction', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', 'mind', 'risk', 'past', 'guarantee', 'BGHL', 'doubt', 'contents', 'communication', 'substitute', 'Exane', 'Attachment']",2023-12-29,2023-12-30,marketscreener.com
34465,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/BOUSSARD-GAVAUDAN-HOLDING-3840782/news/BGHL-GBP-NAV-s-45647676/,BGHL (GBP): NAV(s) -December 29  2023 at 01:31 am EST,(marketscreener.com)                                       BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary Shares The Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited...https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/BOUSSARD-GAVAUDAN-HOLDING-3840782/news/BGHL-GBP-NA…,"Official BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED press releaseBOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary SharesThe Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for the Company.Close of business 28 Dec 2023.Estimated NAVEuro Shares Sterling Shares Estimated NAV € 27.6031 £ 24.6165 Estimated MTD return 0.57 % 0.66 % Estimated YTD return -0.60 % 0.78 % Estimated ITD return 176.03 % 146.16 %NAV and returns are calculated net of management and performance feesMarket informationEuro Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close € 25.20 N/A Premium/discount to estimated NAV -8.71 % N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close N/A GBX 2 050.00 Premium/discount to estimated NAV N/A -16.72 %Transactions in own securities purchased into treasuryOrdinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/A Range of Price N/A N/ALiquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/ABGHL CapitalBGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Shares Outstanding 12 299 516 123 090 Held in treasury N/A N/A Shares Issued 12 299 516 123 090Estimated BG Fund NAVClass B Euro Shares (estimated) € 246.2313 Class GBP A Shares (estimated) £ 131.9143The Class B Euro Shares of BG Fund are not subject to investment manager fees  as the Investment Manager receives management fees and performance fees in respect of its role as Investment Manager of BGHL.For further information please contact:Boussard & Gavaudan Investment Management  LLP.Emmanuel Gavaudan +44 (0) 20 3751 5389 Email : info@bgam-uk.comThe Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has received the necessary approval of the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and the States of Guernsey Policy Council. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.This is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Neither the Company nor BG Fund ICAV has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that:all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results;the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; andif you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.Attachment",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.01,negative,0.01,0.33,0.66,True,English,"['BGHL', 'GBP', 'December', '01', 'A Liquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number', 'GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED press release', 'The Class B Euro Shares', 'BGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares', 'Class GBP A Shares', 'A N/A Average Price', 'N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'treasury N/A N/A Shares', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'Sterling Shares Shares', 'Euro Shares Amsterdam', 'A N/A Range', 'US Investment Company Act', 'expert financial advice', 'Guernsey Policy Council', 'collective investment scheme', 'UK Listing Authority', 'other professional advice', 'BG Fund ICAV', 'Gavaudan Investment Management', 'closed-ended investment company', 'US Securities Act', 'investment manager fees', 'BG Fund NAV', 'The Shares', 'N/A GBX', 'Dutch Authority', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'US persons', 'Financial Markets', 'The Directors', 'The Company', 'investment performance', 'original investment', 'investment decision', 'performance fees', 'BGHL Capital', 'management fees', 'MTD return', 'YTD return', 'ITD return', 'financieel toezicht', 'Official List', 'applicable law', 'public offering', 'other jurisdiction', 'United States', 'following information', 'information purposes', 'necessary approval', 'main market', 'future results', 'listed securities', 'Official BOUSSARD', 'Market information', 'business', 'returns', 'AEX', 'LSE', 'Transactions', 'Outstanding', 'respect', 'role', 'LLP.', 'Email', 'bgam', 'article', 'conjunction', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', 'mind', 'risk', 'past', 'guarantee', 'doubt', 'contents', 'communication', 'substitute', 'Attachment']",2023-12-29,2023-12-30,marketscreener.com
34466,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/12/29/2802129/0/en/BOUSSARD-GAVAUDAN-HOLDING-LIMITED-EUR-Transaction-in-Own-Shares.html,BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED (EUR) : Transaction in Own Shares,BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED December 2023 TRANSACTION IN OWN SECURITIES ACTIVITY REPORT1  The Company announces that pursuant to the...,"BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDDecember 2023 TRANSACTION IN OWN SECURITIES ACTIVITY REPORT 1The Company announces that pursuant to the general authority granted by shareholders of the Company on 28 May 2019 to make market purchases of its own Ordinary shares  it repurchased 0 Euro shares in December 2023.Figure of the share buy back programme for December 2023Share Buy Back Programme Liquidity Enhancement Agreement Aggregate number of transactions conducted in November 2023 00 Average size of the transactions 0 0Following this transaction  the Company has:Euro share outstanding excluding share held in treasury 12 299 516Euro share held in treasury 0 GBP share outstanding excluding share held in treasury 123 090 GBP share held in treasury 0 Total number of shares 12 422 60629 December 2023For further information please contact:Boussard & Gavaudan Investment Management  LLPEmmanuel Gavaudan (London) +44 203 751 5389François-Xavier Baud (London) +44 203 751 5395The Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has received the necessary approval of the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and the States of Guernsey Policy Council. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.This is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Neither the Company nor Boussard & Gavaudan Fund Plc has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that: all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results; the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; and if you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.1 This report includes the transactions conducted by both BGHL  for the share buy back programme and Exane  for the Liquidity Enhancement Agreement.Attachment",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,negative,0.01,0.37,0.62,True,English,"['GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED', 'Own Shares', 'BOUSSARD', 'Transaction', 'Share Buy Back Programme Liquidity Enhancement Agreement', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'OWN SECURITIES ACTIVITY REPORT', 'US Investment Company Act', 'Gavaudan Fund Plc', 'François-Xavier Baud', 'expert financial advice', 'GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED', 'Guernsey Policy Council', 'collective investment scheme', 'other professional advice', 'Gavaudan Investment Management', 'UK Listing Authority', 'US Securities Act', 'closed-ended investment company', 'Dutch Authority', 'US persons', 'Financial Markets', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'investment performance', 'original investment', 'investment decision', 'general authority', 'Euro share', 'GBP share', 'market purchases', 'Aggregate number', 'Average size', 'Total number', 'financieel toezicht', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'Official List', 'main market', 'applicable law', 'public offering', 'The Company', 'other jurisdiction', 'United States', 'listed securities', 'Ordinary shares', 'necessary approval', 'The Shares', 'future results', 'information purposes', 'BOUSSARD', 'December', 'TRANSACTION', 'shareholders', '28 May', 'Figure', 'November', 'treasury', 'LLP', 'article', 'conjunction', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', 'mind', 'risk', 'past', 'guarantee', 'BGHL', 'doubt', 'contents', 'communication', 'substitute', 'Exane', 'Attachment']",2023-12-29,2023-12-30,globenewswire.com
34467,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/BOUSSARD-GAVAUDAN-HOLDING-3840782/news/BOUSSARD-GAVAUDAN-HOLDING-LIMITED-GBP-Transaction-in-Own-Shares-45651091/,BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED (GBP) : Transaction in Own Shares -December 29  2023 at 01:01 pm EST,(marketscreener.com) BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED December 2023 TRANSACTION IN OWN SECURITIES ACTIVITY REPORT1 The Company announces that pursuant to the general authority granted by shareholders of the Company on 28 May 2019 to make market purchases o…,"Official BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED press releaseBOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDDecember 2023 TRANSACTION IN OWN SECURITIES ACTIVITY REPORT 1The Company announces that pursuant to the general authority granted by shareholders of the Company on 28 May 2019 to make market purchases of its own Ordinary shares  it repurchased 0 Euro shares in December 2023.Figure of the share buy back programme for December 2023Share Buy Back Programme Liquidity Enhancement Agreement Aggregate number of transactions conducted in November 2023 00 Average size of the transactions 0 0Following this transaction  the Company has:Euro share outstanding excluding share held in treasury 12 299 516Euro share held in treasury 0 GBP share outstanding excluding share held in treasury 123 090 GBP share held in treasury 0 Total number of shares 12 422 60629 December 2023For further information please contact:Boussard & Gavaudan Investment Management  LLPEmmanuel Gavaudan (London) +44 203 751 5389François-Xavier Baud (London) +44 203 751 5395The Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has received the necessary approval of the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and the States of Guernsey Policy Council. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.This is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Neither the Company nor Boussard & Gavaudan Fund Plc has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that: all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results; the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; and if you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.1 This report includes the transactions conducted by both BGHL  for the share buy back programme and Exane  for the Liquidity Enhancement Agreement.Attachment",neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,negative,0.01,0.33,0.66,True,English,"['GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED', 'Own Shares', 'BOUSSARD', 'GBP', 'Transaction', 'December', '01:01', 'Share Buy Back Programme Liquidity Enhancement Agreement', 'GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED press release', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'OWN SECURITIES ACTIVITY REPORT', 'US Investment Company Act', 'Gavaudan Fund Plc', 'François-Xavier Baud', 'Gavaudan Investment Management', 'expert financial advice', 'Guernsey Policy Council', 'collective investment scheme', 'other professional advice', 'UK Listing Authority', 'US Securities Act', 'closed-ended investment company', 'Dutch Authority', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'US persons', 'Financial Markets', 'investment performance', 'original investment', 'investment decision', 'Euro share', '090 GBP share', 'general authority', 'market purchases', 'Aggregate number', 'Average size', 'Total number', 'financieel toezicht', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'Official List', 'main market', 'applicable law', 'public offering', 'The Company', 'other jurisdiction', 'United States', 'listed securities', 'Ordinary shares', 'necessary approval', 'The Shares', 'future results', 'information purposes', 'Official BOUSSARD', 'December', 'TRANSACTION', 'shareholders', '28 May', 'Figure', 'November', 'treasury', 'LLP', 'article', 'conjunction', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', 'mind', 'risk', 'past', 'guarantee', 'BGHL', 'doubt', 'contents', 'communication', 'substitute', 'Exane', 'Attachment']",2023-12-29,2023-12-30,marketscreener.com
34468,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/12/29/2802128/0/en/BOUSSARD-GAVAUDAN-HOLDING-LIMITED-GBP-Transaction-in-Own-Shares.html,BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED (GBP) : Transaction in Own Shares,BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED December 2023 TRANSACTION IN OWN SECURITIES ACTIVITY REPORT1  The Company announces that pursuant to the...,"BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDDecember 2023 TRANSACTION IN OWN SECURITIES ACTIVITY REPORT 1The Company announces that pursuant to the general authority granted by shareholders of the Company on 28 May 2019 to make market purchases of its own Ordinary shares  it repurchased 0 Euro shares in December 2023.Figure of the share buy back programme for December 2023Share Buy Back Programme Liquidity Enhancement Agreement Aggregate number of transactions conducted in November 2023 00 Average size of the transactions 0 0Following this transaction  the Company has:Euro share outstanding excluding share held in treasury 12 299 516Euro share held in treasury 0 GBP share outstanding excluding share held in treasury 123 090 GBP share held in treasury 0 Total number of shares 12 422 60629 December 2023For further information please contact:Boussard & Gavaudan Investment Management  LLPEmmanuel Gavaudan (London) +44 203 751 5389François-Xavier Baud (London) +44 203 751 5395The Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has received the necessary approval of the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and the States of Guernsey Policy Council. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.This is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Neither the Company nor Boussard & Gavaudan Fund Plc has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that: all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results; the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; and if you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.1 This report includes the transactions conducted by both BGHL  for the share buy back programme and Exane  for the Liquidity Enhancement Agreement.Attachment",neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,negative,0.01,0.37,0.62,True,English,"['GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED', 'Own Shares', 'BOUSSARD', 'GBP', 'Transaction', 'Share Buy Back Programme Liquidity Enhancement Agreement', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'OWN SECURITIES ACTIVITY REPORT', 'US Investment Company Act', 'Gavaudan Fund Plc', 'François-Xavier Baud', 'expert financial advice', 'GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED', 'Guernsey Policy Council', 'collective investment scheme', 'other professional advice', 'Gavaudan Investment Management', 'UK Listing Authority', 'US Securities Act', 'closed-ended investment company', 'Dutch Authority', 'US persons', 'Financial Markets', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'investment performance', 'original investment', 'investment decision', 'general authority', 'Euro share', 'GBP share', 'market purchases', 'Aggregate number', 'Average size', 'Total number', 'financieel toezicht', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'Official List', 'main market', 'applicable law', 'public offering', 'The Company', 'other jurisdiction', 'United States', 'listed securities', 'Ordinary shares', 'necessary approval', 'The Shares', 'future results', 'information purposes', 'BOUSSARD', 'December', 'TRANSACTION', 'shareholders', '28 May', 'Figure', 'November', 'treasury', 'LLP', 'article', 'conjunction', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', 'mind', 'risk', 'past', 'guarantee', 'BGHL', 'doubt', 'contents', 'communication', 'substitute', 'Exane', 'Attachment']",2023-12-29,2023-12-30,globenewswire.com
34469,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/VALNEVA-SE-54466/news/Valneva-Provides-Updated-2023-Financial-Guidance-45651538/,Valneva Provides Updated 2023 Financial Guidance,(marketscreener.com) Saint-Herblain   December 29  2023 – Valneva SE   a specialty vaccine company  today announced that the Company is modifying its financial guidance for 2023. Product sales guidance remains unchanged  as do anticipated R&D expenses. The €9…,Official VALNEVA SE press releaseSaint-Herblain (France)  December 29  2023 – Valneva SE (Nasdaq: VALN; Euronext Paris: VLA)  a specialty vaccine company  today announced that the Company is modifying its financial guidance for 2023. Product sales guidance remains unchanged  as do anticipated R&D expenses. The €90 million to €110 million of other income related to proceeds from potential sale of the Company’s priority review voucher (PRV)  which was previously expected before year-end  is now expected in early 2024.The Company’s previous guidance included expected total revenues and other income between €220 million and €260 million1. The modified 2023 guidance now includes the previously stated product sales revenue of €130 million to €150 million  which the Company remains on track to achieve  as well as R&D expenses between €60 million and €70 million  which were recently reduced2  primarily driven by lower than anticipated costs related to the closeout of the Company’s COVID-19 activities.Peter Bühler  Chief Financial Officer of Valneva  said  “We remain confident in our ability to sell our priority review voucher successfully at a price within the previously suggested range. As we continue to work actively toward a potential sale agreement  we look forward to providing an update in the new year.”The Company was awarded a tropical disease PRV in November 20233 following U.S. FDA approval of IXCHIQ®  Valneva’s single-dose  live-attenuated vaccine indicated for the prevention of disease caused by chikungunya virus (CHIKV) in individuals 18 years of age and older who are at increased risk of exposure to CHIKV. With this approval  IXCHIQ® became the world’s first licensed chikungunya vaccine available to address this unmet medical need. Valneva expects to launch the vaccine in the U.S. in early 2024.The Company has also drawn down the remaining $50 million made available under its debt financing agreement with funds managed by U.S. investment firms Deerfield Management Company and OrbiMed4.About Valneva SEWe are a specialty vaccine company that develops  manufactures  and commercializes prophylactic vaccines for infectious diseases addressing unmet medical needs. We take a highly specialized and targeted approach  applying our deep expertise across multiple vaccine modalities  focused on providing either first-  best- or only-in-class vaccine solutions.We have a strong track record  having advanced multiple vaccines from early R&D to approvals  and currently market two proprietary travel vaccines as well as certain third-party vaccines leveraging our established commercial infrastructure.Revenues from our growing commercial business help fuel the continued advancement of our vaccine pipeline. This includes the world’s first vaccine against the chikungunya virus and the only Lyme disease vaccine candidate in advanced clinical development  which is partnered with Pfizer  as well as vaccine candidates against the Zika virus and other global public health threats.About IXCHIQ®In the U.S.  IXCHIQ® is a live-attenuated vaccine indicated for the prevention of disease caused by chikungunya virus (CHIKV) in individuals 18 years of age and older who are at increased risk of exposure to CHIKV. As for all products approved under FDA’s accelerated approval pathway  continued approval for this indication is contingent upon verification and description of clinical benefit in confirmatory studies.Please click here for full Prescribing Information for IXCHIQ®.Valneva Investor and Media ContactsLaetitia Bachelot-FontaineVP Global Communications & European Investor RelationsM +33 (0)6 4516 7099laetitia.bachelot-fontaine@valneva.comJoshua Drumm  Ph.D.VP Global Investor RelationsM +001 917 815 4520joshua.drumm@valneva.comForward-Looking StatementsThis press release contains certain forward-looking statements relating to the business of Valneva  including with respect to its financial results for 2023 and the sale of its priority review voucher. In addition  even if the actual results or development of Valneva are consistent with the forward-looking statements contained in this press release  those results or developments of Valneva may not be sustained in the future. In some cases  you can identify forward-looking statements by words such as “could ” “should ” “may ” “expects ” “anticipates ” “believes ” “intends ” “estimates ” “aims ” “targets ” or similar words. These forward-looking statements are based largely on the current expectations of Valneva as of the date of this press release and are subject to a number of known and unknown risks and uncertainties and other factors that may cause actual results  performance or achievements to be materially different from any future results  performance or achievement expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. In particular  the expectations of Valneva could be affected by  among other things  uncertainties and delays involved in the development and manufacture of vaccines  unexpected clinical trial results  unexpected regulatory actions or delays  competition in general  currency fluctuations  the impact of the global and European credit crisis  and the ability to obtain or maintain patent or other proprietary intellectual property protection. Success in preclinical studies or earlier clinical trials may not be indicative of results in future clinical trials. In light of these risks and uncertainties  there can be no assurance that the forward-looking statements made during this presentation will in fact be realized. Valneva is providing the information in these materials as of this press release and disclaim any intention or obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements  whether as a result of new information  future events  or otherwise.1 Valneva Reports Nine-Month 2023 Financial Results and Provides Corporate Updates2 Valneva Reports Nine-Month 2023 Financial Results and Provides Corporate Updates3 Valneva Announces U.S. FDA Approval of World’s First Chikungunya Vaccine  IXCHIQ® - Valneva4 Valneva Reports Nine-Month 2023 Financial Results and Provides Corporate Updates - ValnevaAttachment,neutral,0.05,0.94,0.01,mixed,0.2,0.32,0.48,True,English,"['2023 Financial Guidance', 'Valneva', 'other global public health threats', 'Official VALNEVA SE press release', 'two proprietary travel vaccines', 'U.S. investment firms', 'VP Global Investor Relations', 'Lyme disease vaccine candidate', 'unexpected clinical trial results', 'U.S. FDA approval', 'VP Global Communications', 'European Investor Relations', 'unexpected regulatory actions', 'priority review voucher', 'product sales revenue', 'Peter Bühler', 'unmet medical need', 'debt financing agreement', 'full Prescribing Information', 'R&D expenses', 'class vaccine solutions', 'Chief Financial Officer', 'single-dose, live-attenuated vaccine', 'multiple vaccine modalities', 'Product sales guidance', 'strong track record', 'licensed chikungunya vaccine', 'Deerfield Management Company', 'early R&D', 'advanced clinical development', 'potential sale agreement', 'growing commercial business', 'specialty vaccine company', 'tropical disease PRV', 'clinical benefit', 'Ph.D.', 'multiple vaccines', 'other income', 'other factors', 'other things', 'vaccine pipeline', 'vaccine candidates', 'commercial infrastructure', 'Valneva Investor', 'financial results', 'financial guidance', 'chikungunya virus', 'approval pathway', 'continued approval', 'prophylactic vaccines', 'third-party vaccines', 'actual results', 'first vaccine', 'Euronext Paris', 'previous guidance', 'COVID-19 activities', 'new year', 'infectious diseases', 'targeted approach', 'deep expertise', 'continued advancement', 'Zika virus', 'confirmatory studies', 'Media Contacts', 'Forward-Looking Statements', 'unknown risks', 'future results', 'total revenues', 'Laetitia Bachelot-Fontaine', 'similar words', 'current expectations', 'The Company', 'Joshua Drumm', '2023 guidance', 'Saint-Herblain', 'France', 'December', 'Nasdaq', 'VLA', 'proceeds', 'year-end', 'lower', 'costs', 'closeout', 'ability', 'price', 'range', 'update', 'November', 'IXCHIQ®', 'prevention', 'CHIKV', 'individuals', '18 years', 'exposure', 'world', 'funds', 'OrbiMed', 'specialized', 'approvals', 'Pfizer', 'increased', 'products', 'indication', 'verification', 'description', 'respect', 'addition', 'developments', 'cases', 'expects', 'aims', 'targets', 'number', 'uncertainties', 'performance', 'achievements', 'delays', 'manufacture']",2023-12-29,2023-12-30,marketscreener.com
34470,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/12/29/2801917/0/en/BGHL-EUR-NAV-s.html,BGHL (EUR): NAV(s),BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED   Ordinary Shares  The Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding...,"BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary SharesThe Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for the Company.Close of business 28 Dec 2023.Estimated NAVEuro Shares Sterling Shares Estimated NAV € 27.6031 £ 24.6165 Estimated MTD return 0.57 % 0.66 % Estimated YTD return -0.60 % 0.78 % Estimated ITD return 176.03 % 146.16 %NAV and returns are calculated net of management and performance feesMarket informationEuro Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close € 25.20 N/A Premium/discount to estimated NAV -8.71 % N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close N/A GBX 2 050.00 Premium/discount to estimated NAV N/A -16.72 %Transactions in own securities purchased into treasuryOrdinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/A Range of Price N/A N/ALiquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/ABGHL CapitalBGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Shares Outstanding 12 299 516 123 090 Held in treasury N/A N/A Shares Issued 12 299 516 123 090Estimated BG Fund NAVClass B Euro Shares (estimated) € 246.2313 Class GBP A Shares (estimated) £ 131.9143The Class B Euro Shares of BG Fund are not subject to investment manager fees  as the Investment Manager receives management fees and performance fees in respect of its role as Investment Manager of BGHL.For further information please contact:Boussard & Gavaudan Investment Management  LLP.Emmanuel Gavaudan +44 (0) 20 3751 5389 Email : info@bgam-uk.comThe Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has received the necessary approval of the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and the States of Guernsey Policy Council. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.This is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Neither the Company nor BG Fund ICAV has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that:all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results;the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; andif you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.Attachment",neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,negative,0.01,0.27,0.72,True,English,"['BGHL', 'EUR', 'NAV', 'GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary Shares', 'The Class B Euro Shares', 'BGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares', 'A Liquidity Enhancement Agreement', 'Class GBP A Shares', 'A N/A Average Price', 'Euro Shares Sterling Shares', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam', 'treasury N/A N/A Shares', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'US Investment Company Act', 'Euro Shares Amsterdam', 'A N/A Range', 'Sterling Shares Shares', 'expert financial advice', 'Guernsey Policy Council', 'collective investment scheme', 'other professional advice', 'BG Fund ICAV', 'Gavaudan Investment Management', 'closed-ended investment company', 'UK Listing Authority', 'US Securities Act', 'investment manager fees', 'BG Fund NAV', 'The Shares', 'N/A GBX', 'Dutch Authority', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'US persons', 'Financial Markets', 'The Directors', 'The Company', 'investment performance', 'original investment', 'investment decision', 'performance fees', 'BGHL Capital', 'management fees', 'MTD return', 'YTD return', 'ITD return', 'financieel toezicht', 'Official List', 'applicable law', 'public offering', 'other jurisdiction', 'main market', 'United States', 'following information', 'information purposes', 'necessary approval', 'future results', 'listed securities', 'Market information', 'LSE) Market', 'BOUSSARD', 'business', 'returns', 'AEX', 'Transactions', 'Number', 'respect', 'role', 'LLP.', 'Email', 'bgam', 'article', 'conjunction', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', 'mind', 'risk', 'past', 'guarantee', 'doubt', 'contents', 'communication', 'substitute', 'Attachment']",2023-12-29,2023-12-30,globenewswire.com
34471,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/BOUSSARD-GAVAUDAN-HOLDING-36044/news/BGHL-EUR-NAV-s-45647675/,BGHL (EUR): NAV(s) -December 29  2023 at 01:31 am EST,(marketscreener.com)                                       BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary Shares The Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like...https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/BOUSSARD-GAVAUDAN-HOLDING-36044/news/BG…,"Official BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED press releaseBOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary SharesThe Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for the Company.Close of business 28 Dec 2023.Estimated NAVEuro Shares Sterling Shares Estimated NAV € 27.6031 £ 24.6165 Estimated MTD return 0.57 % 0.66 % Estimated YTD return -0.60 % 0.78 % Estimated ITD return 176.03 % 146.16 %NAV and returns are calculated net of management and performance feesMarket informationEuro Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close € 25.20 N/A Premium/discount to estimated NAV -8.71 % N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close N/A GBX 2 050.00 Premium/discount to estimated NAV N/A -16.72 %Transactions in own securities purchased into treasuryOrdinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/A Range of Price N/A N/ALiquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/ABGHL CapitalBGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Shares Outstanding 12 299 516 123 090 Held in treasury N/A N/A Shares Issued 12 299 516 123 090Estimated BG Fund NAVClass B Euro Shares (estimated) € 246.2313 Class GBP A Shares (estimated) £ 131.9143The Class B Euro Shares of BG Fund are not subject to investment manager fees  as the Investment Manager receives management fees and performance fees in respect of its role as Investment Manager of BGHL.For further information please contact:Boussard & Gavaudan Investment Management  LLP.Emmanuel Gavaudan +44 (0) 20 3751 5389 Email : info@bgam-uk.comThe Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has received the necessary approval of the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and the States of Guernsey Policy Council. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.This is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Neither the Company nor BG Fund ICAV has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that:all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results;the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; andif you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.Attachment",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,negative,0.01,0.33,0.66,True,English,"['BGHL', 'EUR', 'NAV', 'December', '01', 'A Liquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number', 'GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED press release', 'The Class B Euro Shares', 'BGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares', 'Class GBP A Shares', 'A N/A Average Price', 'N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'treasury N/A N/A Shares', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'Sterling Shares Shares', 'Euro Shares Amsterdam', 'A N/A Range', 'US Investment Company Act', 'expert financial advice', 'Guernsey Policy Council', 'collective investment scheme', 'UK Listing Authority', 'other professional advice', 'BG Fund ICAV', 'Gavaudan Investment Management', 'closed-ended investment company', 'US Securities Act', 'investment manager fees', 'BG Fund NAV', 'The Shares', 'N/A GBX', 'Dutch Authority', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'US persons', 'Financial Markets', 'The Directors', 'The Company', 'investment performance', 'original investment', 'investment decision', 'performance fees', 'BGHL Capital', 'management fees', 'MTD return', 'YTD return', 'ITD return', 'financieel toezicht', 'Official List', 'applicable law', 'public offering', 'other jurisdiction', 'United States', 'following information', 'information purposes', 'necessary approval', 'main market', 'future results', 'listed securities', 'Official BOUSSARD', 'Market information', 'business', 'returns', 'AEX', 'LSE', 'Transactions', 'Outstanding', 'respect', 'role', 'LLP.', 'Email', 'bgam', 'article', 'conjunction', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', 'mind', 'risk', 'past', 'guarantee', 'doubt', 'contents', 'communication', 'substitute', 'Attachment']",2023-12-29,2023-12-30,marketscreener.com
34472,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.irishtimes.com/business/2023/12/29/markets-end-the-year-higher-on-interest-rate-hopes/,Markets end the year higher on reduced interest-rate hopes,European shares post annual gain of nearly 13 per cent,Stocks ended the year on the up. Photograph: Spencer Platt/Getty ImagesEuropean shares ended 2023 with an annual gain of almost 13 per cent on hopes of softer monetary policy from big central banks next year.DUBLINThe Irish index of shares closed the final session of the year largely flat  losing 0.2 per cent over the day. Markets closed early on the last day of trading for 2023  with the Euronext Dublin at 8 760 by the closing bell.Banking shares were mixed  with AIB up 1.57 per cent to €3.88 and Bank of Ireland edging 0.9 per cent lower to €8.22.Other stocks that tipped into the red were Glanbia  which shed 1.13 per cent  and Ryanair  which was off just under 1 per cent.READ MOREWhat’s in store for 2024? Listen | 42:18Ferry company Irish Continental Group fell almost 1.6 per cent to close the week at €4.33.LONDONThe FTSE 100 rose 10.5 points  or 0.14 per cent to end the day at 7 733.24. The index is now around 280 points higher than it was on the last day of trading in 2022.Shares in Shell ended the day up 0.9 per cent despite the price of oil looking like it was on track for its first fall since the year the pandemic struck.The biggest risers on the FTSE 100 were Standard Chartered  up 11.4p to 665.4p  Taylor Wimpey  up 2.25p to 146.82p  Hikma Pharmaceuticals  up 21.5p to 1 782.25p  Sainsbury’s  up 3.2p to 302.45p  and Prudential  up 9p to 884.7p.The biggest fallers on the FTSE 100 were Antofagasta  down 28p to 1 680.5p  Land Securities  down 11.6p to 707.2p  Howden Joinery  down 13p to 816.3p  Schroders  down 6.7p to 430.05p  and Endeavour Mining  down 24p to 1 753.5p.EUROPEThe pan-European Stoxx 600 edged up 0.1 per cent on Friday  posting its seventh straight weekly gain and its best December performance since 2021.It closed the year 12.6 per cent higher  with rate-sensitive technology stocks among the best performers.On Friday  media stocks led gainers  with a rise of 0.5 per cent  followed by banks.Spanish stocks inched up 0.2 per cent after a preliminary reading showed the 12-month inflation rate fell to 3.1 per cent in December  from 3.2 per cent the previous month.Shares in Spanish pharma group Grifols jumped 8.6 per cent after it agreed to sell a 20 per cent stake in China’s Shanghai RAAS Blood Products for about $1.8 billion to Chinese home appliance company Haier Group Corporation.Bourses across Europe will be closed on January 1st on account of the new year holiday.NEW YORKUS stocks lost momentum on the final trading day of an upbeat year that witnessed the benchmark S&P 500 hover around its all-time high this week on growing expectations the Federal Reserve will cut interest rates early next year.All three indexes were in the red by early afternoon on Friday  with the tech-heavy Nasdaq leading losses on a decline in megacap stocks.The S&P slipped on Friday after coming within a whisker of its all-time closing high reached in January 2022 in the previous session. If it manages to end above that level  it would confirm the index entered a bull market after it hit the bear market closing trough in October 2022.The Dow Jones hit a record high on Thursday  while the Nasdaq has outperformed Wall Street peers  rising 43 per cent this year given the artificial intelligence boom and a surge in megacap stocks.At 12.05pm ET  the Dow Jones Industrial Average was down 132.87 points  or 0.35 per cent  at 37 577.23  the S&P 500 was down 24.42 points  or 0.51 per cent  at 4 758.93  and the Nasdaq Composite was down 112.61 points  or 0.75 per cent  at 14 982.53.Among corporate movers  Uber and Lyft lost 2.3 per cent and 4 per cent  respectively  following a report that Nomura downgraded the ride-sharing platforms.— Additional reporting: Reuters,neutral,0.14,0.8,0.06,mixed,0.13,0.28,0.59,True,English,"['reduced interest-rate hopes', 'Markets', 'year', 'Shanghai RAAS Blood Products', 'seventh straight weekly gain', 'Chinese home appliance company', 'Dow Jones Industrial Average', 'bear market closing trough', 'The Dow Jones', 'softer monetary policy', 'Irish Continental Group', '12-month inflation rate', 'Haier Group Corporation', 'Wall Street peers', 'artificial intelligence boom', 'Spanish pharma group', 'benchmark S&P 500', 'big central banks', 'rate-sensitive technology stocks', 'The S&P', 'best December performance', '20 per cent stake', 'The Irish index', 'new year holiday', 'final trading day', 'annual gain', 'Ferry company', 'bull market', 'closing bell', 'time closing', 'final session', 'best performers', 'Spanish stocks', 'NEW YORK', '13 per cent', '1 per cent', '0.5 per cent', '3.2 per cent', '2.3 per cent', '4 per cent', 'Spencer Platt', 'Getty Images', 'Other stocks', 'first fall', 'biggest risers', 'Standard Chartered', 'Taylor Wimpey', 'Hikma Pharmaceuticals', 'biggest fallers', 'Land Securities', 'Howden Joinery', 'Endeavour Mining', 'pan-European Stoxx 600', 'media stocks', 'preliminary reading', 'previous month', 'US stocks', 'growing expectations', 'Federal Reserve', 'interest rates', 'three indexes', 'early afternoon', 'megacap stocks', 'previous session', 'corporate movers', 'ride-sharing platforms', 'Additional reporting', 'The FTSE 100', 'last day', 'tech-heavy Nasdaq', 'Nasdaq Composite', 'Euronext Dublin', 'January 1st', 'upbeat year', 'European shares', 'Banking shares', '1.13 per', 'Photograph', 'hopes', 'Markets', 'AIB', 'Ireland', 'Glanbia', 'Ryanair', 'store', 'Listen', 'LONDON', 'Shell', 'price', 'oil', 'track', 'pandemic', 'Sainsbury', 'Prudential', 'Antofagasta', 'Schroders', 'Friday', 'gainers', 'Grifols', 'China', 'Bourses', 'account', 'momentum', 'losses', 'decline', 'whisker', 'level', 'October', 'record', 'Thursday', 'surge', '12.05pm', 'Uber', 'Lyft', 'Nomura', 'Reuters', '2024', '0.14', '0.9', '30', '3.1', '0.35', '0.51', '0.75']",2023-12-29,2023-12-30,irishtimes.com
34473,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.irishtimes.com/business/2023/12/29/tension-a-pay-scandal-and-farewells-the-business-worlds-winners-and-losers-of-2023/,Tension  a pay scandal and farewells: the business world’s winners and losers of 2023,A tech sector slowdown coupled with rising interest rates gave many a year to forget,Those of a nervous disposition will be glad to see the back of 2023  a year peppered with enough tension  scandal and dread to power an atomic bomb – or a Hollywood blockbuster for that matter. And although the global economy did not explode in Oppenheimer-like fashion – unlike a certain billionaire’s space rockets – there were one or two moments where it seemed like it might.From banking crises to rising interest rates to the equally inexorable rise of artificial intelligence  the audience was kept firmly on the edge of its seat for much of the year. Geopolitical tension was again a major theme as Israel’s bombardment of Gaza created an unprecedented humanitarian crisis for the Palestinian civilian population  Ukraine’s counteroffensive against Russia ground to a halt and fresh conflicts cropped up in Sudan and elsewhere.While perhaps not quite as dramatic as recent years  2023 had its fair share of star turns and Razzie-worthy performances. Let’s start with those in the ensemble cast who could have prepared for their roles a bit better.One performer who won’t be scooping any gongs come awards season is Paddy Cosgrave. The Web Summit founder and now-former chief executive faced a reckoning with his critics after finding himself on the receiving end of a deluge of corporate criticism following a series of tweets  criticising Israel for its response to Hamas’s October 7th attack. One after another  Web Summit saw big-name attendees like Intel  Siemens  Stripe and a host of famous venture capitalists pull out of its flagship event in Lisbon weeks before kick-off in the wake of Cosgrave’s comments.READ MOREWeb Summit founder Paddy Cosgrave stepped down as chief executive and director of the conference company 'with immediate effect' following his tweets criticising Israel for its response to Hamas’s October 7th attack. Photograph: Nick Bradshaw[ Paddy Cosgrave resigns as Web Summit chief with ‘immediate effect’ over Israel-Hamas comments ]To stanch the bleeding  the Web Summit founder stepped down as chief executive and director of the conference company “with immediate effect” on October 21st  although he remains the majority shareholder in Web Summit’s parent.Meanwhile  Cosgrave’s High Court row with his erstwhile co-founders and Web Summit shareholders Daire Hickey and David Kelly is still rattling along in the background  promising more fireworks in the not-too-distant. The pair wrote to the company’s board requesting that the former chief executive sell his stake in the company or face putting more than 300 jobs at risk.Fireworks  or perhaps they were exploding artillery shells  were clearly visible in the skies above Dublin 4 over the summer months as RTÉ fell under siege in the controversy over payments made to Ryan Tubridy. While the former Late Late Show host’s public image was arguably dented by the debacle – particularly after RTÉ director general Kevin Bakhurst pulled the plug on talks around Tubridy’s future on the radio as the mood in Montrose soured – he managed to land on his feet with a new gig in Virgin Radio UK.[ Tubridy has landed a new job in the UK but why has Virgin Radio given him one? ]Tubridy’s former boss and Bakhurst’s predecessor  Dee Forbes  took the most damage from falling debris. After being suspended and then resigning from the top job in June for allegedly greenlighting the secret payments to Tubridy through his management company  Forbes issued an apology  citing the “adverse publicity suffered by RTÉ  its staff and the unease created among the public”.Since then  Forbes has been conspicuous by her silence and her absence from subsequent Oireachtas hearings into the matter  most recently sending a medical certificate to the Public Accounts Committee stating she was still unfit to appear. Committee members remain keen to hear from the former RTÉ executive and will be hoping 2024 brings some closure to the matter.However  with the coming to light of various barter account-related payments – from free flip flops to Rugby World Cup trips and U2 concerts for clients – RTÉ has been badly bruised by the furore and its long-term financial future remains clouded. Licence fee collection collapsed by €16.4 million from the start of the saga in July to November  leaving the national broadcaster relying on an interim funding package from the Government to get through this year and next.Equally  Denis O’Brien had a tough year  with his time in control of Digicel is drawing to its conclusion as the year reaches its end. At the time of writing  the telecoms billionaire was about to cede control of the empire he built up over more than two decades to a group of bondholders under a court-supervised $1.7 billion (€1.55 billion) debt-for-equity swap sanctioned by the supreme court of Bermuda in November.[ Denis O’Brien’s Digicel bash: Restructuring marks end of an era for businessman ]Final approvals may have to wait until early next year. However  the process marks the end of an era for O’Brien who will see his stake in the group fall to 10 per cent after hammering out a deal to restructure Digicel’s considerable debt pile. He is set to be replaced as chairman by former Nokia and Inmarsat chief executive Rajeev Suri over the coming months.Returning to the world of global tech  it is hard to think of a more apt metaphor for Tesla billionaire Elon Musk’s 2023 than two of his SpaceX rockets exploding shortly after launch  one in April and another in November. Once made of Teflon  the patina of failure seemed to stick to Musk more in 2023 than at any other time in his career.His stewardship of the website formerly known as Twitter has been a particular source of bother as advertisers fled the platform  rebranded as X  after he was accused of boosting anti-Semitic conspiracy theories.[ White House condemns Elon Musk for spreading ‘hideous’ anti-Semitic lies ]Musk is also grappling a $13 billion (€11.8 billion) debt pile with interest having bought the platform for $44 billion just before central banks began hiking interest rates. Tesla  meanwhile  is facing stiffer competition in the EV space and losing market share in the process  forcing Musk to cut his vehicle prices in early 2023 and straining profitability.Speaking of once-touted industries and companies  the hype train officially departed the crypto station as artificial intelligence supplanted decentralised finance and the blockchain as the buzziest of the tech buzzwords.Sam Bankman-Fried  once the wunderkind of the crypto universe  was convicted on seven federal fraud and money-laundering charges in November for his role in the collapse of his FTX empire. The former crypto billionaire  who will find out what fate awaits him at his sentencing hearing in March  could face up to 110 years in prison if the judge really throws the book at him.His erstwhile rival  Binance founder and former chief executive Changpeng Zhao  also flirted with disgrace in 2023. Amid a wide-ranging US crackdown on crypto  the Chinese-born billionaire pleaded guilty to a US federal charge relating to anti-money laundering rules. Dubai-based Zhao  known in the industry simply by the initials CZ  also agreed to resign from his role at the helm of Binance and to pay $4.3 billion in a settlement with federal regulators.Sam Bankman-Fried  founder of FTX  exits the federal courthouse in Manhattan on February 9th. Photograph: Hiroko Masuike/The New York TimesOne Irish company that should have been poised to take advantage of the AI boom was Cork-based Altada. The business  founded by husband-and-wife duo Allan Beechinor and Niamh Parker  was once touted as Ireland’s next unicorn but instead collapsed into a knotty  ill-tempered receivership and liquidation in the latter months of 2022 after losing an estimated €20 million in just a couple of years.Through a High Court process  Altada’s intellectual property was picked up for a relative song by Dublin tech entrepreneur Eoin Goulding in January while Parker and Beechinor have apparently departed for other pastures. Beechinor  meanwhile  reached a tax settlement with Revenue for €130 365 after an audit found he had underdeclared income tax liabilities.With Corporate Enforcement Authority and Garda investigations still ongoing into Altada’s collapse  we might not have heard the last of this saga.On the home front  the tech sector slowdown that began in 2022 hit full throttle this year as waves of employees were let go from some of the biggest companies in the world. Given its position of privilege within the European tech ecosystem  the Republic was particularly exposed to the fallout. It accounted for some 40 per cent of the total number of redundancies across the bloc  according to an analysis by EU agency Eurofound.Mark Zuckerberg’s Meta announced another round of swingeing cuts in March. The Facebook and Instagram parent unveiled plans to shelve 10 000 roles globally  including close to around 500 in Dublin. It means that some 850 jobs at Meta’s European HQ in Ballsbridge  which officially opened in October  have evaporated since the group first launched its global fat-trimming initiative in late 2022.[ Meta’s latest cuts hit one in five of employees remaining at the business ]The slowdown in tech hiring coupled with rising rates and the prevalence of hybrid working arrangements post Covid compounded to heap pressure on some of Ireland’s biggest commercial property players in 2023. WeWork’s collapse into Chapter 11 bankruptcy in the US in early November added to the general malaise.One of the biggest individual tenants in Dublin  the troubled co-working company had agreed to take up eight floors at the former Central Bank headquarters (now branded as Central Plaza) on Dame Street as the anchor tenant of the Hines- and Peterson-delivered scheme. The developers still expect WeWork to fulfil its obligations and the fit-out of the space has proceeded on that basis in recent months  albeit at a slower pace than expected.Even veteran players have struggled in the current commercial property environment. In November  a portion of Johnny Ronan’s Ronan Real Estate Group (RGRE) empire had receivers appointed to it by Bank of Ireland and AIB.The colourful developer  whose commercial clients have included the likes of Facebook and Amazon  consented to the appointment of the receiver on foot of loans valued at about €130 million. The debts were secured against a number of properties understood to include the historic Bewley’s Café premises on Grafton Street and office developments including Connaught House on Burlington Road. Experts said it was likely the asset values had declined amid an ongoing slump in commercial property generally  although RGRE said the portfolio is “performing well”.Farther afield  two Irish expat executives were forced to step down from high-profile corporate roles. In Australia  Alan Joyce  the Irish boss of domestic airline Qantas  left his job as chief executive two months earlier than planned amid a series of embarrassing revelations about the company  including allegations it sold tickets for flights that had already been cancelled. This brought an end to his 15 years in charge of the airline.In Britain  BP earlier this month said its former chief executive  Kerryman Bernard Looney  would forfeit up to £32.4 million (€37.6 million) over “serious misconduct” related to failing to disclose past relationships with colleagues. Looney resigned in September after BP received allegations about his past relationships with colleagues  and he admitted he had not been “fully transparent” with the board.“Following careful consideration  the board has concluded that  in providing inaccurate and incomplete assurances in July 2022  Mr Looney knowingly misled the board ” BP said in a statement on December 13th. “The board has determined that this amounts to serious misconduct  and as such Mr Looney has been dismissed without notice effective on 13 December 2023.”One large  high-profile Irish hospitality group had something of a mixed year. Press Up group  the all-powerful hospitality empire founded by Paddy McKillen jnr and his partner Matt Ryan  has not been immune from the after-effects of Covid-19.The group has been dealing with “general cost increases”  according to accounts filed for one group company  across its network of more than 100 businesses in Dublin and other cities. It eventually made 32 staff redundant in November  citing “tough trading conditions” among the main reasons for the cuts.[ Press Up: Paddy McKillen jnr and Matt Ryan’s hospitality leviathan not immune to economic headwinds ]Press Up’s sister company  the separately managed property development vehicle Oakmount  has also grappled with the new trading environment. Work at the group’s Pinnacle apartment development in Mount Merrion was halted earlier this year  prompting complaints to the local authority from peeved residents living nearby. Construction started again after McKillen jnr and Ryan switched contractors and units are now on the market for sale.More positively  the pair sold a majority stake in the Dean Hotel Group in October to British property group Lifestyle Hospitality Capital and Elliott Investment Management  the New York alternative investment giant founded by billionaire activist investor Paul Singer.The new investors are acquiring more than 70 per cent of the business in a deal that values it at more than €350 million  according to sources. The dynamic duo also secured a €50 million debt facility with Cardinal Capital to help fuel further expansion.So  who were the biggest box office smashes of the year?It was certainly a good year for Dermot Crowley and Dalata with the hotel group going from strength to strength in 2023 and looking poised for further growth in 2024. The Maldron and Clayton brand operator announced in December that it expects revenues from its hotel operations to exceed €600 million this year  just a year after breaching the €500 million revenue mark for the first time.Not that long ago  Dalata was – along with much of the rest of the sector – suffering as a consequence of the impact of pandemic-related lockdown restrictions. But the return of tourists to Irish shores coupled with the progression of Dalata’s expansion into the UK and Europe  where it added four hotels to its stable this year with four more to follow in 2024  has fuelled the rebound  pushing the group’s shares up more than 20 per cent this year.[ Dalata hails ‘record year’ and expects revenues to exceed €600m ]Speaking of Iseq superstars  this was the year in which we said a goodbye of sorts to one Irish screen icon in CRH. In June  the construction materials giant won shareholder approval to move its main stock listing from London to New York  eventually bidding farewell to the Dublin bourse  too  upon which it had long been the most valuable company.In advance of the listing  CRH chief executive Albert Manifold  whose €12.16 million payout made him the third highest paid chief executive on the FTSE 100 in 2022  cashed in. In early September  just weeks before the cancellation of the Dublin listing  he “exercised 1 293 options at a strike price of €23.39 and then sold more than 58 000 shares at a price of €51.48 per share  earning around €3 million in the process”  the Financial Times reported. It will be interesting to see what his pay packet looks like if and when CRH is included in the S&P or Russell stock indices next year.Tony Smurfit  who is following CRH’s lead to some extent  was another big winner. In September  Dublin-based Smurfit Kappa agreed a deal to acquire WestRock in the US to form what will become the world’s biggest packaging group  Smurfit WestRock  with $34 billion (€31.7 billion) in annual revenues. It means Smurfit is set to exit its Euronext Dublin listing in favour of Wall Street  also downgrading its London listing as it seeks a primary quotation on the New York Stock Exchange.[ Special delivery: How shifting fortunes brought US boxmaker WestRock to Smurfit Kappa ]Tony Smurfit will remain in situ as chief executive of the enlarged packaging giant when the largely share-based deal concludes some time in 2024  likely in the second quarter. The agreement also adds a consumer packaging business to Smurfit’s portfolio of companies  a key development at a time when companies are shifting away from plastic towards sustainable packaging.Paddy Power owner Flutter will cancel its secondary listing in Dublin in January in favour of Wall Street as it seeks a more liquid markets for its shares  something to keep an eye on in 2024.Glanbia  under the stewardship of departing managing director Siobhán Talbot  also had a bumper 2023. In November  the nutrition group  which Talbot helped navigate from its traditional dairy roots after taking the reins in 2013  upgraded its full-year forecasts and now expects its adjusted earnings per share to grow by between 17 per cent and 20 per cent.The group  the biggest sports nutrition product seller in the US  said it has seen “strong revenue growth” across its performance nutrition division in the year so far and looks set to capitalise further next year. Glanbia recently completed a €100 million share buyback  repurchasing 7 215 827 ordinary shares at an average price of €13.86.Glanbia  under the stewardship of departing managing director Siobhán Talbot  had a bumper 2023. Photograph: Aidan Crawley/BloombergMoving away from the listed companies for a moment  one Irish businessman who also engineered some US success this year was former journalist Rory Godson. The one-time editor of the Sunday Times Ireland sold Powerscourt Group  the public relations agency he founded in 2004  to US firm Morrow Sodali in October for a reported £50 million (€57.86 million).Godson’s firm boasts a coterie of high-profile clients in the UK and Ireland including former BP chief executive Bernard Looney and companies such as Eir  DCC and Airbus. Under the terms of the deal  Powerscourt will join the strategic advisory group  backed by former Ryanair chairman David Bonderman’s private equity group TPG  which will use it as a platform for European expansion. Godson is expected to remain with the business to assist with the transition.There were also some genuine award winners in 2023. Sam Moffet  an entrant in the emerging category of this year’s EY Entrepreneur of the Year awards  also scooped the top award at a ceremony in the Powerscourt Hotel in Co Wicklow last month. The Monaghan-based businessman is chief executive of Moffett Automated Storage  which provides pallet storage and warehousing solutions for its clients. Moffett has the distinction of being only the second-ever emerging category winner to secure the overall prize in the 26-year history of the awards.[ Moffett Automated Storage founder wins EY Emerging Entrepreneur of the Year award ]Other winners on the night included Tom Walsh  the founder of Staycity  who won the international category  and Ciaran Marron  chief executive and founder of Monaghan-based Activ8 Solar Energies  who won in the established category.Another bona fide success story was businessman Barry Connolly  who won Irish Times Business Person of the Year in February  an award sponsored by Bank of Ireland. His nutrition bar maker Fulfil  went from strength to strength from its foundation in 2016 until its eventual sale to Swiss confectionery giant Ferrero for a reported €160 million in 2022. The Richmond Marketing founder has maintained control of the business in North America where he has partnered with local confectionery giant Hershey’s to distribute his protein bar.Finally  in keeping with a sports and performance theme  data company Orreco won The Irish Times Innovation of the Year award in November for its combination machine learning and software model that helps athletes avoid injuries. The company has clients in the English Premier League and even the NFL and NBA in the US where its products are used to help sports franchises with player recruitment and to manage player load.A year of success and celebration for some and for others  a year to forget  2023 gave us plenty to chew on as the new year dawns.,negative,0.04,0.3,0.67,mixed,0.07,0.22,0.71,True,English,"['pay scandal', 'business world', 'Tension', 'farewells', 'winners', 'losers', 'former Late Late Show host', 'Rugby World Cup trips', 'various barter account-related payments', 'The Web Summit founder', 'rising interest rates', 'unprecedented humanitarian crisis', 'Palestinian civilian population', 'famous venture capitalists', 'subsequent Oireachtas hearings', 'free flip flops', 'Licence fee collection', 'interim funding package', 'Web Summit shareholders', 'October 7th attack', 'former chief executive', 'Denis O’Brien', 'Web Summit chief', 'High Court row', 'long-term financial future', 'former RTÉ executive', 'Public Accounts Committee', 'early next year', 'Virgin Radio UK', 'RTÉ director general', 'former boss', 'October 21st', 'Committee members', 'secret payments', 'nervous disposition', 'enough tension', 'atomic bomb', 'Hollywood blockbuster', 'global economy', 'space rockets', 'two moments', 'banking crises', 'inexorable rise', 'artificial intelligence', 'Geopolitical tension', 'major theme', 'fresh conflicts', 'recent years', 'fair share', 'star turns', 'Razzie-worthy performances', 'ensemble cast', 'corporate criticism', 'big-name attendees', 'flagship event', 'immediate effect', 'Nick Bradshaw', 'majority shareholder', 'Daire Hickey', 'David Kelly', 'artillery shells', 'summer months', 'public image', 'new gig', 'new job', 'most damage', 'falling debris', 'top job', 'adverse publicity', 'medical certificate', 'U2 concerts', 'national broadcaster', 'two decades', 'supreme court', 'Final approvals', '10 per cent', 'Paddy Cosgrave', 'conference company', 'management company', 'One performer', 'Israel-Hamas comments', 'Kevin Bakhurst', 'tough year', 'telecoms billionaire', 'Digicel bash', 'Dee Forbes', 'receiving end', 'Ryan Tubridy', 'back', 'scandal', 'dread', 'matter', 'fashion', 'audience', 'edge', 'seat', 'bombardment', 'Gaza', 'Ukraine', 'counteroffensive', 'Russia', 'ground', 'halt', 'Sudan', 'roles', 'gongs', 'awards', 'reckoning', 'critics', 'deluge', 'series', 'tweets', 'response', 'Siemens', 'Stripe', 'Lisbon', 'kick', 'wake', 'Photograph', 'bleeding', 'parent', 'founders', 'fireworks', 'pair', 'board', 'stake', '300 jobs', 'risk', 'skies', 'Dublin', 'siege', 'controversy', 'debacle', 'plug', 'talks', 'mood', 'Montrose', 'feet', 'predecessor', 'June', 'apology', 'staff', 'unease', 'silence', 'absence', 'closure', 'coming', 'light', 'clients', 'furore', 'start', 'saga', 'July', 'November', 'Government', 'time', 'control', 'conclusion', 'writing', 'empire', 'group', 'bondholders', 'supervised', 'debt', 'equity', 'Bermuda', 'marks', 'businessman', 'process', 'deal']",2023-12-29,2023-12-30,irishtimes.com
34474,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.prnewswire.co.uk/news-releases/noble-corporation-plc-announces-changes-to-its-share-capital-including-share-repurchases-for-the-month-of-december-2023-302024083.html,Noble Corporation plc announces changes to its share capital including share repurchases for the month of December 2023,"Noble Corporation plc (""Noble"") (CSE: NOBLE  NYSE: NE) today announces changes to its share capital. During the month of December  Noble","SUGAR LAND  Texas  Dec. 30  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- Noble Corporation plc (""Noble"") (CSE: NOBLE  NYSE: NE) today announces changes to its share capital. During the month of December  Noble has repurchased approximately USD 15 million of A ordinary shares under its previously announced share repurchase plan at a weighted average price of USD 45.03 per A ordinary share and a total of 329 069 repurchased A ordinary shares have been cancelled.During the period since November 30  2023  16 507 new A ordinary shares each with a nominal value of USD 0.00001 have been issued.5 152 new A ordinary shares have been issued to certain holders of warrants as a consequence of the exercise of warrants. The exercise price was USD 19.27 per A ordinary share for 57 of the new A ordinary shares  USD 23.13 per A ordinary share for 2 418 of the new A ordinary shares and 2 677 A ordinary shares were issued as a result of a cashless exercise. The total proceeds to Noble from the warrant exercises amount to USD 57 026.73.Additionally  11 355 new A ordinary shares have been issued to certain employees of Noble at no cost as a result of the vesting of restricted stock units.The new A ordinary shares carry the same rights as the existing A ordinary shares of Noble. The new A ordinary shares will be listed on the New York Stock Exchange as well as admitted to trading and official listing on Nasdaq Copenhagen.As a result of the changes  there are a total of 140 773 750 A ordinary shares of Noble issued and outstanding with a nominal value of USD 0.00001 each.Pursuant to section 32 of the Danish Capital Markets Act  Noble also hereby announces the total nominal value of its issued share capital and the total number of voting rights:Number of shares Number of voting rights Share capital A ordinary shares of USD 0.00001 140 773 750 140 773 750 USD 1 407.73750 Total 140 773 750 140 773 750 USD 1 407.73750Exchange of shares tradable on Nasdaq Copenhagen for shares tradeable on the New York Stock ExchangeNoble's shares are both listed on the New York Stock Exchange (identified by CUSIP G65431127) and admitted to trading and official listing on Nasdaq Copenhagen (in the form of share entitlements and identified by ISIN GB00BMXNWH07).Holders of Noble shares (in the form share entitlements) tradeable on Nasdaq Copenhagen can exchange their shares (in the form of share entitlements) for shares tradeable on the New York Stock Exchange after completing a transfer procedure. To transfer shares or share entitlements between markets  shareholders must instruct their financial intermediary (bank or broker) to contact Euronext (Noble's Danish transfer agent). For further information visit https://noblecorp.com/investors/stock-information/FAQ/default.aspx.While the shares listed on the New York Stock Exchange are denominated in USD and are eligible to receive dividends in USD and the share entitlements admitted to trading and official listing on Nasdaq Copenhagen are traded in DKK and are eligible to receive dividends in DKK  the shares and share entitlements are entitled to identical dividends and voting rights.https://noblecorp.com/investors/stock-information/FAQ/default.aspxAbout Noble CorporationNoble is a leading offshore drilling contractor for the oil and gas industry. The Company owns and operates one of the most modern  versatile  and technically advanced fleets in the offshore drilling industry. Noble and its predecessors have been engaged in the contract drilling of oil and gas wells since 1921. Noble performs  through its subsidiaries  contract drilling services with a fleet of offshore drilling units focused largely on ultra-deepwater and high specification jackup drilling opportunities in both established and emerging regions worldwide. For further information visit www.noblecorp.com or email investors@noblecorp.com.IMPORTANT INFORMATIONThis announcement is for information purposes only and does not constitute or contain any invitation  solicitation  recommendation  offer or advice to any person to subscribe for or otherwise acquire or dispose of any securities of Noble.Certain statements in this announcement  including any attachments hereto  may constitute forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements are statements (other than statements of historical fact) relating to future events and Noble and its subsidiaries (collectively  the ""Noble Group"") anticipated or planned financial and operational performance. The words ""targets""  ""believes""  ""continues""  ""expects""  ""aims""  ""intends""  ""plans""  ""seeks""  ""will""  ""may""  ""might""  ""anticipates""  ""would""  ""could""  ""should""  ""estimates""  ""projects""  ""potentially"" or similar expressions or the negatives thereof  identify certain of these forward-looking statements. The absence of these words  however  does not mean that the statements are not forward-looking. Other forward-looking statements can be identified in the context in which the statements are made.Although Noble believes that the expectations reflected in these forward-looking statements are reasonable as of the date of this announcement  such forward-looking statements are based on Noble's current expectations  estimates  forecasts  assumptions and projections about the Noble Group's business and the industry in which the Noble Group operates and/or which has been extracted from publications  reports and other documents prepared by the Noble Group and are not guarantees of future performance or development and involve known and unknown risks  uncertainties and other important factors beyond the Noble Group's control that could cause the Noble Group's actual results  performance or achievements to differ materially from any future results  performance or achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements.Any forward-looking statements included in this announcement  including any attachment hereto  speak only as of today. Noble does not intend  and does not assume  any obligations to update any forward-looking statements contained herein  except as may be required by law or the rules of the New York Stock Exchange or Nasdaq Copenhagen. All subsequent written and oral forward-looking statements attributable to Noble or to persons acting on its behalf are expressly qualified in their entirety by the cautionary statements referred to above and contained in this announcement  including any attachment hereto.",neutral,0.03,0.96,0.01,negative,0.01,0.23,0.76,True,English,"['Noble Corporation plc', 'share capital', 'share repurchases', 'changes', 'month', 'December', 'high specification jackup drilling opportunities', 'New York Stock Exchange', 'leading offshore drilling contractor', '16,507 new A ordinary shares', '5,152 new A ordinary shares', '11,355 new A ordinary shares', 'existing A ordinary shares', 'Danish Capital Markets Act', 'voting rights Share capital', 'offshore drilling units', 'restricted stock units', '2,677 A ordinary shares', 'Danish transfer agent', 'offshore drilling industry', 'share repurchase plan', 'Other forward-looking statements', 'Noble Corporation plc', 'total nominal value', 'form share entitlements', 'contract drilling', 'drilling services', 'same rights', 'transfer procedure', 'gas industry', 'SUGAR LAND', 'average price', 'warrant exercises', 'official listing', 'Nasdaq Copenhagen', 'ISIN GB00BMXNWH07', 'The Company', 'advanced fleets', 'gas wells', 'emerging regions', 'historical fact', 'future events', 'operational performance', 'similar expressions', 'total proceeds', 'Noble shares', 'exercise price', 'cashless exercise', 'further information', 'IMPORTANT INFORMATION', 'information purposes', 'financial intermediary', 'identical dividends', 'Noble Group', 'total number', 'Noble.', 'Texas', 'Dec.', 'PRNewswire', 'CSE', 'NYSE', 'changes', 'month', 'December', 'period', 'November', 'USD', 'holders', 'warrants', 'consequence', 'result', 'employees', 'cost', 'vesting', 'trading', 'section', 'CUSIP', 'bank', 'broker', 'Euronext', 'noblecorp', 'investors', 'FAQ', 'DKK', 'default', 'oil', 'technically', 'predecessors', 'subsidiaries', 'ultra-deepwater', 'announcement', 'invitation', 'solicitation', 'recommendation', 'offer', 'advice', 'person', 'securities', 'attachments', 'words', 'targets', 'plans', 'seeks', 'projects', 'negatives', 'absence', 'context', 'expectations', '329', '069']",2023-12-30,2023-12-30,prnewswire.co.uk
