UID,Searchword,API,URL,Title,Summary,Article,Title_Sentiment,Title_Positive,Title_Neutral,Title_Negative,Article_Sentiment,Article_Positive,Article_Neutral,Article_Negative,Verified,Language,Topics,Date,Load_Date,Source
11475,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,Euroclear shuts off exit route for rouble bond investors,nan,🍓🍐🥨🍎🍳🥚🥨🥩🍖🍗🍍🍑🥓🥙🍑🍳🥚🍤🍖🍗🍊🍇🍓🍬🍫🍿🍩🍪🍒🍈🥑🍳🥚Euroclear shuts off exit route for rouble bond investors,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.01,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.01,True,English,"['exit route', 'bond investors', 'Euroclear', 'exit route', 'bond investors', 'Euroclear']",2022-11-02,2022-11-03,Unknown
12294,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,Surging interest rates are benefiting German exchange operator Deutsche Börse by boosting demand for derivatives ti… https://t.co/sNmFDs3xSN,nan,Surging interest rates are benefiting German exchange operator Deutsche Börse by boosting demand for derivatives ti… https://t.co/sNmFDs3xSN,neutral,0.11,0.88,0.02,neutral,0.11,0.88,0.02,True,English,"['Surging interest rates', 'German exchange operator', 'Deutsche Börse', 'demand', 'derivatives', 'Surging interest rates', 'German exchange operator', 'Deutsche Börse', 'demand', 'derivatives']",2022-10-28,2022-11-03,Unknown
12369,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,CASE STUDY: Learn how Deutsche Börse uses Dataminr to protect its 10 000+ employees and assets worldwide. https://t.co/2idVFgr8Vw,nan,CASE STUDY: Learn how Deutsche Börse uses Dataminr to protect its 10 000+ employees and assets worldwide. https://t.co/2idVFgr8Vw,neutral,0.09,0.9,0.01,neutral,0.09,0.9,0.01,True,English,"['Deutsche Börse', 'CASE STUDY', '10,000+ employees', 'Dataminr', 'assets', 'idVFgr8Vw', 'Deutsche Börse', 'CASE STUDY', '10,000+ employees', 'Dataminr', 'assets', 'idVFgr8Vw']",2022-10-31,2022-11-03,Unknown
12370,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,fund Fund have Deutsche expressed Management supervisory also has Atticus hedge and board UK-based Boerse's Capital… https://t.co/BPhyKZNseR,nan,fund Fund have Deutsche expressed Management supervisory also has Atticus hedge and board UK-based Boerse's Capital… https://t.co/BPhyKZNseR,neutral,0.08,0.91,0.01,neutral,0.08,0.91,0.01,True,English,"['board UK-based Boerse', 'fund Fund', 'Management supervisory', 'Atticus hedge', 'Deutsche', 'Capital', 'BPhyKZNseR', 'board UK-based Boerse', 'fund Fund', 'Management supervisory', 'Atticus hedge', 'Deutsche', 'Capital', 'BPhyKZNseR']",2022-10-31,2022-11-03,Unknown
12371,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,Read how Deutsche Börse Group is using Microsoft Azure to manage its data and shape the future of the financial ser… https://t.co/EqwWqpEpTj,nan,Read how Deutsche Börse Group is using Microsoft Azure to manage its data and shape the future of the financial ser… https://t.co/EqwWqpEpTj,neutral,0.09,0.9,0.01,neutral,0.09,0.9,0.01,True,English,"['Deutsche Börse Group', 'Microsoft Azure', 'financial ser', 'data', 'future', 'Deutsche Börse Group', 'Microsoft Azure', 'financial ser', 'data', 'future']",2022-10-31,2022-11-03,Unknown
12433,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,There's no better month than November to start texting your students. For best practices on how to use Clearstream… https://t.co/OqjcxSqSGN,nan,There's no better month than November to start texting your students. For best practices on how to use Clearstream… https://t.co/OqjcxSqSGN,mixed,0.41,0.18,0.41,mixed,0.41,0.18,0.41,True,English,"['best practices', 'month', 'November', 'students', 'Clearstream', 'OqjcxSqSGN', 'best practices', 'month', 'November', 'students', 'Clearstream', 'OqjcxSqSGN']",2022-11-01,2022-11-03,Unknown
12434,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,Recruitment Specialistat ClearStream Energy Services Inc.Working with a diverse and dynamic team you will have th… https://t.co/ZqpKUbkFHW,nan,Recruitment Specialistat ClearStream Energy Services Inc.Working with a diverse and dynamic team you will have th… https://t.co/ZqpKUbkFHW,neutral,0.13,0.86,0.01,neutral,0.13,0.86,0.01,True,English,"['ClearStream Energy Services Inc.', 'dynamic team', 'Specialist', 'diverse', 'ZqpKUbkFHW', 'ClearStream Energy Services Inc.', 'dynamic team', 'Specialist', 'diverse', 'ZqpKUbkFHW']",2022-11-01,2022-11-03,Unknown
12435,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,Clearstream is looking for a Senior Full-Stack Laravel Developer. Location: Remote  https://t.co/kFOgP5o3Ir #laravel #laraveljobs,nan,Clearstream is looking for a Senior Full-Stack Laravel Developer. Location: Remote  https://t.co/kFOgP5o3Ir #laravel #laraveljobs,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,True,English,"['Senior Full-Stack Laravel Developer', 'Clearstream', 'Location', 'laraveljobs', 'Senior Full-Stack Laravel Developer', 'Clearstream', 'Location', 'laraveljobs']",2022-11-01,2022-11-03,Unknown
12448,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,SPOTIFY PLAYLIST SUBMISSION 👉 https://t.co/5MmuvrMl50 Deutsche Boerse's derivatives division stepped up efforts to… https://t.co/p5O1jyT78w,nan,SPOTIFY PLAYLIST SUBMISSION 👉 https://t.co/5MmuvrMl50 Deutsche Boerse's derivatives division stepped up efforts to… https://t.co/p5O1jyT78w,neutral,0.11,0.88,0.01,neutral,0.11,0.88,0.01,True,English,"['PLAYLIST SUBMISSION', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'derivatives division', 'MmuvrMl50', 'efforts', 'PLAYLIST SUBMISSION', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'derivatives division', 'MmuvrMl50', 'efforts']",2022-11-01,2022-11-03,Unknown
12449,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,SUBMIT MUSIC 👉 https://t.co/5MmuvrMl50 Deutsche Boerse's derivatives division stepped up efforts to attract a bigg… https://t.co/HbblaAkcYM,nan,SUBMIT MUSIC 👉 https://t.co/5MmuvrMl50 Deutsche Boerse's derivatives division stepped up efforts to attract a bigg… https://t.co/HbblaAkcYM,neutral,0.07,0.92,0.01,neutral,0.07,0.92,0.01,True,English,"['SUBMIT MUSIC', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'derivatives division', 'MmuvrMl50', 'efforts', 'HbblaAkcYM', 'SUBMIT MUSIC', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'derivatives division', 'MmuvrMl50', 'efforts', 'HbblaAkcYM']",2022-11-01,2022-11-03,Unknown
12450,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,Deutsche Boerse's derivatives division stepped up efforts to attract a bigger slice of multi-trillion euro derivati… https://t.co/oXjJDftm9l,nan,Deutsche Boerse's derivatives division stepped up efforts to attract a bigger slice of multi-trillion euro derivati… https://t.co/oXjJDftm9l,neutral,0.1,0.89,0.01,neutral,0.1,0.89,0.01,True,English,"['multi-trillion euro derivati', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'derivatives division', 'bigger slice', 'efforts', 'multi-trillion euro derivati', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'derivatives division', 'bigger slice', 'efforts']",2022-11-01,2022-11-03,Unknown
12480,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/veon-ltd-announces-conducting-sales-060000299.html,VEON Ltd. announces it is conducting a sales process for its Russian operations,Amsterdam  02 November 2022 07:00 – VEON Ltd. (NASDAQ: VEON  Euronext Amsterdam: VEON)  a global digital operator that provides converged connectivity and...,VEON Ltd.Amsterdam  02 November 2022 07:00 – VEON Ltd. (NASDAQ: VEON  Euronext Amsterdam: VEON)  a global digital operator that provides converged connectivity and online services  today announces that it is conducting a competitive sales process in relation to its Russian operations.VEON’s management is currently exploring options in an effort to ensure that an optimal outcome is achieved for all relevant stakeholders  including VEON  its Russian operations  its shareholders  its creditors  its customers and its employees working both in and outside of Russia.Important NoticeElements of this press release contain or may contain “inside information” as defined under the Market Abuse Regulation (EU) No. 596/2014.DisclaimerThis release contains “forward-looking statements ” as the phrase is defined in Section 27A of the U.S. Securities Act of 1933  as amended  and Section 21E of the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934  as amended. Forward-looking statements are not historical facts  and include statements relating to  among other things  VEON’s intent to proceed with and conclude a sales process with respect to its Russian operations. Forward-looking statements are inherently subject to risks and uncertainties  many of which VEON cannot predict with accuracy and some of which VEON might not even anticipate. The forward-looking statements contained in this release speak only as of the date of this release. VEON disclaims any obligation to update them or to announce publicly any revision to any of the forward-looking statements contained in this release  or to make corrections to reflect future events or developments.There can be no assurance that the sales process mentioned above will result in an acceptable offer or  even if an acceptable offer is obtained and results in an acquisition agreement being reached  that the requisite approvals will be received.As of today  VEON has not committed to anything with regards to its Russian operations  nor can it be certain that any of the options that may be considered will be completed  or the terms of any such option or potential sale would receive required Board  regulatory and any necessary creditor approvals.Story continuesAbout VEONVEON is a global digital operator that provides converged connectivity and online services to over 200 million customers in seven high-growth markets. We are transforming people’s lives  empowering individuals  creating opportunities for greater digital inclusion and driving economic growth across countries that are home to more than 8% of the world’s population. Headquartered in Amsterdam  VEON is listed on NASDAQ and Euronext.For more information visit: https://www.veon.com .Contact InformationVEONInvestor RelationsNik Kershawir@veon.com,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.09,0.15,0.76,True,English,"['VEON Ltd.', 'sales process', 'Russian operations', 'U.S. Securities Exchange Act', 'U.S. Securities Act', 'global digital operator', 'Market Abuse Regulation', 'seven high-growth markets', 'greater digital inclusion', 'necessary creditor approvals', 'competitive sales process', 'requisite approvals', 'converged connectivity', 'online services', 'Russian operations', 'optimal outcome', 'relevant stakeholders', 'Important Notice', 'historical facts', 'other things', 'future events', 'acceptable offer', 'acquisition agreement', 'potential sale', 'required Board', 'economic growth', 'Investor Relations', 'Nik Kershaw', 'forward-looking statements', 'inside information', 'Contact Information', '200 million customers', 'press release', 'VEON Ltd', 'Euronext Amsterdam', '02 November', 'NASDAQ', 'management', 'options', 'effort', 'shareholders', 'creditors', 'employees', 'Elements', 'Disclaimer', 'phrase', 'Section', 'intent', 'respect', 'risks', 'uncertainties', 'accuracy', 'date', 'obligation', 'revision', 'corrections', 'developments', 'assurance', 'results', 'today', 'regards', 'terms', 'regulatory', 'Story', 'people', 'lives', 'individuals', 'opportunities', 'countries', 'world', 'population']",2022-11-02,2022-11-03,finance.yahoo.com
12481,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/wolters-kluwer-2022-nine-month-070000308.html,Wolters Kluwer 2022 Nine-Month Trading Update,Wolters Kluwer 2022 Nine-Month Trading Update November 2  2022 – Wolters Kluwer (EURONEXT: WKL)  a global leader in professional information  software...,Wolters Kluwer 2022 Nine-Month Trading UpdateNovember 2  2022 – Wolters Kluwer (EURONEXT: WKL)  a global leader in professional information  software solutions and services  today releases its scheduled 2022 nine-month trading update.HighlightsFull-year 2022 guidance reiterated.Nine-month revenues up 6% organically. Recurring revenues (81% of total revenues) up 7% organically; non-recurring revenues up 4%. Digital & services revenues (93% of total revenues) up 7% organically; print declined 4%. Expert solutions revenues (56% of total) up 9% organically.Nine-month adjusted operating profit up 6% in constant currencies. Nine-month adjusted operating profit margin up 50 basis points.Nine-month adjusted free cash flow down 1% in constant currencies.Net-debt-to-EBITDA ratio 1.3x as of September 30  2022.Share buyback 2022: approx. 76% completed to date; on track to reach €1 billion by year-end.Share buyback 2023: mandate signed to repurchase up to €100 million in January and February 2023.Nancy McKinstry  CEO and Chair of the Executive Board  commented: “Through the first nine months of the year  we have seen sustained strong organic growth in recurring revenues  led by our expert solutions. As expected  organic growth in transactional and other non-recurring revenues slowed in the face of challenging comparables and deteriorating economic conditions. We are investing at high levels in product innovation and in our talented workforce  and I am confident in reiterating our outlook for the full year.”Nine Months to September 30  20 2 2Total revenues increased 15%  driven to a large extent by the stronger U.S. dollar (€/$1.06 vs. €/$1.20). In constant currencies  revenues increased 6%  with the impact of disposals (mainly the U.S. Legal Education business in December 2021) exceeding the impact of acquisitions on revenues. Excluding currency  acquisitions and disposals  organic revenue growth was 6% (9M 2021: 6%).Recurring revenues (81% of total revenues) sustained recent momentum  growing 7% organically in the first nine months (9M 2021: 5%). Non-recurring revenues  which include transactional revenues in Governance  Risk & Compliance (GRC)  on-premise software licence and implementation fees  print books  and other ad hoc revenues  grew 4% organically (9M 2021: 9%). Digital and services revenues (93% of total revenues) grew 7% organically  led by expert solutions revenues up 9%. Total print revenues decreased 4% organically (9M 2021: 5% growth)  with print subscriptions down 7% (9M 2021: decline of 6%) and print books up 2% (9M 2021: 20% growth).Story continuesRevenues from North America (64% of total revenues) grew 6% organically (9M 2021: 7%) while revenues from Europe (28% of total) grew 5% (9M 2021: 6%). Revenues from Asia Pacific & Rest of World (8% of total) grew 15% organically (9M 2021: 2%)  sustaining the strong improvement seen in the first half.Nine-month adjusted operating profit increased 17% overall and 6% in constant currencies. The adjusted operating profit margin increased 50 basis points  largely driven by a favorable currency mix and an improvement in the Legal & Regulatory margin. Group-wide adjusted operating costs increased 14% overall and 6% in constant currencies year-on-year  reflecting progress on hiring and increased investment in product development and sales and marketing.Health: Nine-month revenues increased 5% in constant currencies and 5% on an organic basis (9M 2021: 9%). Clinical Solutions achieved 8% organic growth  supported by strong renewals and new customer wins for UpToDate and our drug information solutions. Patient engagement tool Emmi sustained high single-digit organic growth driven by improved retention  upselling  and new customer wins. Health Learning  Research & Practice recorded 2% organic growth against a challenging comparable (9M 2021: 11%) mainly related to the ASCO publishing contract (which began in 2021). Print book organic revenue growth moderated to 13%  reflecting a decline in the third quarter. Medical research platform Ovid achieved good subscription renewals  while journal advertising revenues exhibited softness in the third quarter. On September 30  2022  we acquired IJS Publishing Group  a UK-based provider of peer-reviewed open access medical journals focused on surgery.Tax & Accounting: Nine-month revenues increased 9% in constant currencies and 9% organically (9M 2021: 6%). Corporate Performance  which comprises CCH Tagetik and our U.S. Corporate Tax unit  delivered 10% organic growth  driven by cloud software subscriptions and implementation services. The North American Professional Tax & Accounting business recorded 11% organic growth  partly reflecting favorable timing and non-recurring factors  but underpinned by continued strong performance by our cloud-based CCH Axcess platform. TeamMate  our internal audit solution  delivered robust single-digit organic growth  driven by its cloud solution. Professional Tax & Accounting Europe sustained 6% organic growth.Governance  Risk & Compliance: Nine-month revenues increased 6% in constant currencies  including the acquisitions of LicenseLogix in October 2021 and IDS in April 2022. On an organic basis  growth was 5% (9M 2021: 5%). Legal Services recorded significantly slower organic growth of 4% (9M 2021: 11%)  with recurring revenues up 6% but Legal Services transactional revenues broadly flat against a challenging comparable (9M 2021: 22%). Financial Services revenues increased 6% on an organic basis (9M 2021: decline of 3%)  driven by recurring software maintenance and cloud subscription revenues in Compliance Solutions  including at eOriginal. Financial Services transactional revenues were flat (9M 2021: decline of 12%)  as sharply lower mortgage-related transaction volumes and the absence of U.S. PPP1 transactional revenues were offset by double-digit growth in transactional revenues in Lien Solutions. Finance  Risk & Reporting recorded 4% organic growth  as growth in professional services around customer implementations was partly offset by the impact of discontinuing business in Russia and Belarus.Legal & Regulatory: Nine-month revenues increased 1% in constant currencies  mainly reflecting the disposal of the U.S. Legal Education business in December 2021. Organic growth was 5% (9M 2021: 4%)  lifted by sustained strong organic growth in software. EHS/ORM2 and Legal Software grew 21% (9M 2021: 6%)  driven by strong growth in cloud revenues across the board and higher non-recurring on-premise license and implementation fees for the Enablon EHS/ORM software. Legal & Regulatory Information Solutions revenues grew 2% organically (9M 2021: 3%)  with digital solutions sustaining 7% organic growth  but print products returning to historic rates of decline. The sale of our legal publishing assets in Spain and France  agreed in December 2021 and expected to complete in 2022  remains subject to the Spanish antitrust process.Corporate costs increased 10% in constant currencies in the first nine months  due to higher personnel costs and increased spending on market research and various projects.Cash Flow and Net DebtNine-month adjusted operating cash flow was flat in constant currencies due to lower cash conversion (103%) compared to a year ago (108%)  mainly as a result of higher capital expenditure and lower working capital inflows. Adjusted free cash flow decreased 1% in constant currencies  with higher cash taxes broadly offset by lower net cash outflows related to restructuring.Total cash dividends paid to shareholders amounted to €401 million in the first nine months. Total acquisition spending  net of cash acquired and including transaction costs  was €69 million in the first nine months  primarily relating to the acquisition of IDS in April 2022. Divestiture proceeds  net of cash disposed and transaction costs  were negligible. In the first nine months  €618 million in cash flow was deployed towards the 2022 share repurchase program.As of September 30  2022  net debt stood at €2 243 million (compared to €2 131 million at year-end 2021). Twelve months’ rolling net-debt-to-EBITDA was 1.3x compared to 1.4x at year-end 2021. In September  we issued a new €500 million Eurobond with a 4-year term and 3.0% annual coupon.ESG DevelopmentsIn the year to date  we have made progress on several ESG objectives. In September  we launched our annual all-employee compliance training  covering IT and cybersecurity  data privacy  and business ethics. As of the end of October  99% of employees globally have completed the training program. Our annual engagement survey was kicked off in October. To support employee engagement and diversity  equity  inclusion  and belonging3  we have launched a 12-month inclusive leadership program for executives and people managers and we have started piloting a series of voluntary  employee-led global inclusion networks. On the environmental front  we continued to execute on two key programs that reduce our emissions: as of September 30  2022  our real estate rationalization program has achieved a 3% reduction in our global office footprint (m2) compared to December 31  2021  while our cloud migration program has decommissioned approximately 750 on-premise servers. We have also made progress on the data collection required to measure certain categories of Scope 3 emissions in line with our stated objectives of aligning to the recommendations of the Taskforce on Climate-Related Financial Disclosures (TCFD) and of ultimately setting science-based targets.Share Buyback Program sEarly in the year  we announced a 2022 share buyback program of €600 million  which was later expanded to €1 billion on August 3  2022. In the year to date  through October 31  2022  we have repurchased €756 million in shares (7.7 million shares at an average price of €97.60). A third party mandate is in place to complete the final tranche of €244 million in share buybacks in the period starting November 3  2022  up to and including December 28  2022.Looking ahead to 2023  we have this week signed a third-party mandate to execute up to €100 million in share buybacks for the period starting January 2  2023  up to and including February 20  2023.Assuming global economic conditions do not deteriorate substantially  we continue to believe this level of share buybacks leaves us with ample headroom to support our dividend plans  to sustain organic investment  and to make selective acquisitions. The share repurchases may be suspended  discontinued  or modified at any time. Third party mandates are governed by the limits of relevant laws and regulations (in particular Regulation (EU) 596/2014) and Wolters Kluwer’s Articles of Association. Repurchased shares are added to and held as treasury shares and are either cancelled or held to meet future obligations arising from share-based incentive plans. We remain committed to our anti-dilution policy which aims to offset the dilution caused by our annual incentive share issuance with share repurchases.Share Cancellation 2022On August 31  2022  we cancelled 5.0 million shares that were held in treasury  as approved by shareholders at the AGM in April 2022. Following this cancellation  the number of issued ordinary shares is 257 516 153. As of September 30  2022  252.3 million shares were outstanding and 5.2 million shares were held in treasury.Full-Year 202 2 OutlookWe reiterate our full-year guidance as provided on August 3  2022. See table below. Following clarification of new U.S. tax rules on the capitalization of research and development expenses  we now expect adjusted free cash flow in constant currencies to be near the top of our guided range. We continue to expect organic momentum to slow moderately in the fourth quarter  largely due to challenging comparables.Full-Year 2022 Outlook Performance indicators 2022 Guidance 2021 Actual Adjusted operating profit margin* 26.0%-26.5% 25.3% Adjusted free cash flow €1 025-€1 075 million €1 010 million ROIC* 14%-15% 13.7% Diluted adjusted EPS growth Mid- to high-single-digit growth €3.38 *Guidance for adjusted operating profit margin and ROIC is in reporting currency and assumes an average EUR/USD rate in 2022 of €/$1.05. Guidance for adjusted free cash flow and diluted adjusted EPS is in constant currencies (€/$ 1.18). Guidance reflects share repurchases of €1 billion in 2022.If current exchange rates persist  the U.S. dollar rate will have a positive effect on 2022 results reported in euros. In 2021  Wolters Kluwer generated more than 60% of its revenues and adjusted operating profit in North America. As a rule of thumb  based on our 2021 currency profile  each 1 U.S. cent move in the average €/$ exchange rate for the year causes an opposite change of approximately 2 euro cents in diluted adjusted EPS4.We include restructuring costs in adjusted operating profit. We continue to expect that restructuring costs will be within our normal range of €10-€15 million (FY 2021: €6 million). We continue to expect adjusted net financing costs5 in constant currencies to be approximately €55 million  reflecting higher interest income. In addition  assuming current exchange rates persist  we would expect to incur a (non-cash) foreign exchange loss (in net financing result) of around €30 million on intercompany balances and hedging at year-end.We now expect the benchmark tax rate on adjusted pre-tax profits to be at the lower end of our guided range of 23.0%-24.0% (FY 2021: 21.5%) due to an anticipated one-time release of a provision in the fourth quarter. Capital expenditure is expected to increase year-on-year but to remain within our normal range of 5.0%-6.0% of total revenues (FY 2021: 5.0%). We continue to expect the full-year cash conversion ratio to be in the range of 100%-105% (FY 2021: 112%).Our guidance assumes no additional significant change to the scope of operations. We may make further acquisitions or disposals which can be dilutive to margins  earnings  and ROIC in the near term.2022 Outlook by DivisionHealth: we continue to expect organic growth to slow from 2021 levels (mainly due to the absence of a contract win of the size of the 2021 ASCO deal) and the adjusted operating profit margin to improve.Tax & Accounting: we continue to expect organic growth to accelerate from 2021 levels and the adjusted operating profit margin to improve.Governance  Risk & Compliance: we continue to expect organic growth to slow from 2021 levels  mainly due to an expected decline in transactional revenues in the second half. We expect the adjusted operating profit margin to improve for the full year.Legal & Regulatory: we continue to expect organic growth to improve on 2021 levels. We expect the full-year adjusted operating profit margin to decline modestly due mainly to the absence of a one-off pension amendment recorded in 2021.About Wolters KluwerWolters Kluwer (EURONEXT: WKL) is a global leader in professional information  software solutions  and services for the healthcare; tax and accounting; governance  risk and compliance; and legal and regulatory sectors. We help our customers make critical decisions every day by providing expert solutions that combine deep domain knowledge with technology and services.Wolters Kluwer reported 2021 annual revenues of €4.8 billion. The group serves customers in over 180 countries  maintains operations in over 40 countries  and employs approximately 20 000 people worldwide. The company is headquartered in Alphen aan den Rijn  the Netherlands.Wolters Kluwer shares are listed on Euronext Amsterdam (WKL) and are included in the AEX and Euronext 100 indices. Wolters Kluwer has a sponsored Level 1 American Depositary Receipt (ADR) program. The ADRs are traded on the over-the-counter market in the U.S. (WTKWY).For more information  visit www.wolterskluwer.com  follow us on Twitter  Facebook  LinkedIn  and YouTube.Financial CalendarFebruary 22  2023 Full-Year 2022 ResultsMarch 8  2023 Publication of 2022 Annual ReportMay 3  2023 First-Quarter 2023 Trading UpdateMay 10  2023 Annual General Meeting of ShareholdersMay 12  2023 Ex-dividend date: 2022 final dividendMay 15  2023 Record date: 2022 final dividendJune 6  2023 Payment date: 2022 final dividend ordinary sharesJune 13  2023 Payment date: 2022 final dividend ADRsAugust 2  2023 Half-Year 2023 ResultsAugust 29  2023 Ex-dividend date: 2023 interim dividendAugust 30  2023 Record date: 2023 interim dividendSeptember 21  2023 Payment date: 2023 interim dividendSeptember 28  2023 Payment date: 2023 interim dividend ADRsNovember 1  2023 Nine-Month 2023 Trading UpdateMedia Investors/Analysts Gerbert van Genderen Stort Meg Geldens Corporate Communications Investor Relations t +31 172 641 230 t +31 172 641 407 press@wolterskluwer.com ir@wolterskluwer.comForward-looking Statements and Other Important Legal InformationThis report contains forward-looking statements. These statements may be identified by words such as “expect”  “should”  “could”  “shall” and similar expressions. Wolters Kluwer cautions that such forward-looking statements are qualified by certain risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results and events to differ materially from what is contemplated by the forward-looking statements. Factors which could cause actual results to differ from these forward-looking statements may include  without limitation  general economic conditions; conditions in the markets in which Wolters Kluwer is engaged; conditions created by global pandemics  such as COVID-19; behavior of customers  suppliers  and competitors; technological developments; the implementation and execution of new ICT systems or outsourcing; and legal  tax  and regulatory rules affecting Wolters Kluwer’s businesses  as well as risks related to mergers  acquisitions  and divestments. In addition  financial risks such as currency movements  interest rate fluctuations  liquidity  and credit risks could influence future results. The foregoing list of factors should not be construed as exhaustive. Wolters Kluwer disclaims any intention or obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements  whether as a result of new information  future events or otherwise.Elements of this press release contain or may contain inside information about Wolters Kluwer within the meaning of Article 7(1) of the Market Abuse Regulation (596/2014/EU).Trademarks referenced are owned by Wolters Kluwer N.V. and its subsidiaries and may be registered in various countries.1 PPP = U.S. Paycheck Protection Program of 2020 and 2021. GRC’s Compliance Solutions supported banks in lending under this program.2 EHS/ORM = environmental  health & safety and operational risk management.3 Belonging measures the extent to which employees believe they can bring their authentic selves to work and be accepted for who they are. Belonging and engagement scores are measured by a third party (Microsoft GLINT).4 This rule of thumb excludes the impact of exchange rate movements on intercompany balances  which is accounted for in adjusted net financing costs in reported currencies and determined based on period-end spot rates and balances.5 Adjusted net financing costs include lease interest charges. Guidance for adjusted net financing costs in constant currencies excludes the impact of exchange rate movements on currency hedging and intercompany balances.Attachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.69,0.15,0.17,True,English,"['2022 Nine-Month Trading Update', 'Wolters Kluwer', 'peer-reviewed open access medical journals', 'Nine-month adjusted free cash flow', 'U.S. Corporate Tax unit', 'U.S. Legal Education business', 'The North American Professional Tax', 'Nine-month adjusted operating profit margin', 'stronger U.S. dollar', 'Print book organic revenue growth', 'Group-wide adjusted operating costs', 'cloud-based CCH Axcess platform', 'other ad hoc revenues', 'robust single-digit organic growth', 'high single-digit organic growth', 'Medical research platform', 'Nine-Month Trading Update', 'Patient engagement tool', 'ASCO publishing contract', 'IJS Publishing Group', 'premise software licence', 'good subscription renewals', 'internal audit solution', 'journal advertising revenues', 'first nine months', 'new customer wins', 'drug information solutions', 'other non-recurring revenues', 'cloud software subscriptions', 'strong organic growth', 'favorable currency mix', 'Expert solutions revenues', 'Total print revenues', 'professional information', 'Corporate Performance', 'Regulatory margin', '8% organic growth', '2% organic growth', '10% organic growth', '11% organic growth', '6% organic growth', 'Nine-month revenues', 'Accounting business', 'software solutions', 'print subscriptions', 'high levels', 'CCH Tagetik', 'cloud solution', 'organic basis', 'strong renewals', 'first half', 'Clinical Solutions', 'favorable timing', 'non-recurring factors', 'strong performance', 'print books', 'Wolters Kluwer', 'global leader', 'Full-year 2022 guidance', 'constant currencies', 'EBITDA ratio', 'Share buyback', 'Nancy McKinstry', 'Executive Board', 'challenging comparables', 'economic conditions', 'product innovation', 'talented workforce', 'large extent', 'recent momentum', 'implementation fees', 'Asia Pacific', 'product development', 'third quarter', 'UK-based provider', 'total revenues', 'services revenues', 'strong improvement', 'implementation services', 'transactional revenues', 'Health Learning', 'full year', 'Accounting Europe', '5% growth', '20% growth', 'EURONEXT', 'WKL', 'scheduled', 'Highlights', 'Digital', 'Net-debt', 'September', 'track', 'year-end', 'mandate', 'January', 'February', 'CEO', 'Chair', 'face', 'impact', 'disposals', 'December', 'acquisitions', 'Governance', 'Risk', 'Compliance', 'GRC', 'decline', 'Story', 'Rest', 'World', 'progress', 'hiring', 'investment', 'sales', 'marketing', 'UpToDate', 'Emmi', 'retention', 'Practice', 'softness', 'surgery', 'continued', 'TeamMate']",2022-11-02,2022-11-03,finance.yahoo.com
12482,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20221102005612/en/Helbiz-Starts-In-App-Sales-of-Insurance,Helbiz Starts In-App Sales of Insurance,NEW YORK--(BUSINESS WIRE)---- $HLBZ--Helbiz  a leader in electric micro-mobility services [NASDAQ: HLBZ] and YOLO  Italy's first mover in insurtech [EURONEXT: YOLO] are launching Helbiz Insurance  a new suite of digital insurance solutions for customers direc…,"""It is always exciting to work alongside reliable and innovative partners to create solutions that improve business and simplify the user experience "" said Ruggero Cipriani Foresio  Chief Marketing Officer of Helbiz. “This is why we are very pleased to strengthen our partnership with YOLO. We want to shape a new disruptive mobility model that looks ever more closely at people's needs and makes service integration its strong point."" (Photo: Business Wire)""It is always exciting to work alongside reliable and innovative partners to create solutions that improve business and simplify the user experience "" said Ruggero Cipriani Foresio  Chief Marketing Officer of Helbiz. “This is why we are very pleased to strengthen our partnership with YOLO. We want to shape a new disruptive mobility model that looks ever more closely at people's needs and makes service integration its strong point."" (Photo: Business Wire)NEW YORK--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Helbiz  a leader in electric micro-mobility services [NASDAQ: HLBZ] and YOLO  Italy's first mover in insurtech [EURONEXT: YOLO] are launching Helbiz Insurance  a new suite of digital insurance solutions for customers directly from the Helbiz app. Helbiz Insurance will start with the introduction of new digital insurance products as part of a broad collaboration agreement aimed at facilitating and protecting the lives of people on the move through an integrated ecosystem of services.The insurance offerings available to Helbiz customers includes specific solutions to protect cyclists and their bicycles from risks  accidents  breakdowns  and any other unforeseen events that may occur during a trip. These innovative instant insurance solutions  created in collaboration with a leading insurance provider  are distinguished by the simplicity  customization options and speed of the purchasing process. Meant to be purchased on the go via the in-app wallet  riders will have temporary coverage for as little as one to a maximum of 30 days.The integration of insurance solutions within its offerings enables Helbiz to meet the needs of its customers in a comprehensive manner and is a distinctive competitive factor in the micro-mobility market. As a result of this collaboration  and YOLO's insurtech expertise that focuses on segments not served by traditional players  riders who rely on modern electric transportation are able to safely commute daily in the emerging micro-mobility market.""It is always exciting to work alongside reliable and innovative partners to create solutions that improve business and simplify the user experience "" said Ruggero Cipriani Foresio  Chief Marketing Officer of Helbiz. “This is why we are very pleased to strengthen our partnership with YOLO. We want to shape a new disruptive mobility model that looks ever more closely at people's needs and makes service integration its strong point.""""With Helbiz we share the same vocation for innovation that has made us pioneering companies in our respective sectors  that of micro-mobility and insurtech "" said Roberta Pazzini  Head of Brand & Product Marketing at YOLO Group. ""We have pooled expertise from different sectors with the aim of offering a new target of users  young and sensitive to environmental issues  the possibility to protect their free time in just a few clicks.""About HelbizHelbiz is a global leader in micro-mobility services. Launched in 2015 and headquartered in New York City  the company offers a diverse fleet of vehicles including e-scooters  e-bicycles and e-mopeds all on one convenient  user-friendly platform with over 60 licenses in cities around the world. Helbiz utilizes a customized  proprietary fleet management technology  artificial intelligence and environmental mapping to optimize operations and business sustainability. Helbiz is expanding its urban lifestyle products and services to include live streaming services  food delivery and more  all accessible within its mobile app. For additional information  please visit www.helbiz.com.YOLOYOLO Group  listed on the professional segment of Euronext Growth Milan  is one of the leading players in the Italian insurtech market of digital insurance services that allows underwriting on an on-demand and pay-per-use basis for products of major national and international insurance groups. In 2022  YOLO was included in The DIA Community Top 250 ranking  the global selection of the best insurtech startups. In 2021  YOLO was awarded Best Insurtech at the Italy Insurance Forum  the initiative promoted by Insurance Club  and was included in the list of 100 insurtech leaders by Forbes Italy. The company's shareholders include its two co-founders (Gianluca De Cobelli and Simone Ranucci Brandimarte)  Generali Italia  Intesa Sanpaolo Vita  Neva SGR  Primo Ventures SGR  Be The Change  CRIF  Mansutti  Net Insurance  Miro Venture  and Banca di Piacenza.Website: www.yolo-insurance.comMedia Relations Twister communications groupCinzia Delogu cdelogu@twiatergroup.it +39 348 3663594",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,positive,0.95,0.04,0.0,True,English,"['App Sales', 'Helbiz', 'Insurance', 'customized, proprietary fleet management technology', 'The DIA Community Top 250 ranking', 'one convenient, user-friendly platform', 'new disruptive mobility model', 'first mover in insurtech', 'new digital insurance products', 'innovative instant insurance solutions', 'Ruggero Cipriani Foresio', 'other unforeseen events', 'distinctive competitive factor', 'modern electric transportation', 'Gianluca De Cobelli', 'Simone Ranucci Brandimarte', 'Intesa Sanpaolo Vita', 'Banca di Piacenza', 'Chief Marketing Officer', 'urban lifestyle products', 'New York City', 'international insurance groups', 'Primo Ventures SGR', 'Twister communications group', 'live streaming services', 'Italian insurtech market', 'leading insurance provider', 'digital insurance services', 'Euronext Growth Milan', 'best insurtech startups', 'digital insurance solutions', 'emerging micro-mobility market', 'broad collaboration agreement', 'Italy Insurance Forum', 'electric micro-mobility services', 'diverse fleet', 'The Change', 'new suite', 'new target', 'Product Marketing', 'Insurance Club', 'Net Insurance', 'innovative partners', 'leading players', 'Neva SGR', '100 insurtech leaders', 'insurance offerings', 'user experience', 'integrated ecosystem', 'specific solutions', 'customization options', 'purchasing process', 'app wallet', 'temporary coverage', 'comprehensive manner', 'traditional players', 'same vocation', 'pioneering companies', 'respective sectors', 'Roberta Pazzini', 'different sectors', 'environmental issues', 'free time', 'artificial intelligence', 'environmental mapping', 'food delivery', 'mobile app', 'additional information', 'professional segment', 'use basis', 'major national', 'global selection', 'Forbes Italy', 'Generali Italia', 'Miro Venture', 'Media Relations', 'Cinzia Delogu', 'insurtech expertise', 'Helbiz Insurance', 'service integration', 'Business Wire', 'business sustainability', 'YOLO Group', 'global leader', 'Helbiz app', 'Helbiz customers', 'reliable', 'partnership', 'people', 'needs', 'Photo', 'NASDAQ', 'HLBZ', 'introduction', 'lives', 'cyclists', 'bicycles', 'risks', 'accidents', 'breakdowns', 'trip', 'simplicity', 'speed', 'go', 'riders', 'maximum', '30 days', 'result', 'segments', 'innovation', 'Head', 'aim', 'users', 'possibility', 'clicks', 'company', 'vehicles', 'scooters', 'mopeds', '60 licenses', 'cities', 'world', 'operations', 'demand', 'initiative', 'shareholders', 'two', 'founders', 'CRIF', 'Mansutti', 'Website']",2022-11-02,2022-11-03,businesswire.com
12483,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20221101005160/en/Innate-Pharma-to-Participate-in-Upcoming-Investor-Conferences,Innate Pharma to Participate in Upcoming Investor Conferences,MARSEILLE  France--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Regulatory News: Innate Pharma SA (Euronext Paris: IPH; Nasdaq: IPHA) (“Innate” or the “Company”) today announced that members of its senior management team are scheduled to participate in the following upcoming investor co…,"MARSEILLE  France--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Regulatory News:Innate Pharma SA (Euronext Paris: IPH; Nasdaq: IPHA) (“Innate” or the “Company”) today announced that members of its senior management team are scheduled to participate in the following upcoming investor conferences:Stifel 2022 Healthcare Conference  New-YorkEvent Date: November 15-16  2022 (in-person event)Evercore ISI 5th Annual HealthConX ConferenceEvent Date: November 29 – December 1  2022 (virtual)About Innate Pharma:Innate Pharma S.A. is a global  clinical-stage oncology-focused biotech company dedicated to improving treatment and clinical outcomes for patients through therapeutic antibodies that harness the immune system to fight cancer.Innate Pharma’s broad pipeline of antibodies includes several potentially first-in-class clinical and preclinical candidates in cancers with high unmet medical need.Innate is a pioneer in the understanding of Natural Killer cell biology and has expanded its expertise in the tumor microenvironment and tumor-antigens  as well as antibody engineering. This innovative approach has resulted in a diversified proprietary portfolio and major alliances with leaders in the biopharmaceutical industry including Bristol-Myers Squibb  Novo Nordisk A/S  Sanofi  and a multi-products collaboration with AstraZeneca.Headquartered in Marseille  France with a US office in Rockville  MD  Innate Pharma is listed on Euronext Paris and Nasdaq in the US.Learn more about Innate Pharma at www.innate-pharma.comInformation about Innate Pharma shares:ISIN code Ticker code LEI FR0010331421 Euronext: IPH Nasdaq: IPHA 9695002Y8420ZB8HJE29Disclaimer on forward-looking information and risk factors:This press release contains certain forward-looking statements  including those within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. The use of certain words  including “believe ” “potential ” “expect” and “will” and similar expressions  is intended to identify forward-looking statements. Although the company believes its expectations are based on reasonable assumptions  these forward-looking statements are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties  which could cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated. These risks and uncertainties include  among other things  the uncertainties inherent in research and development  including related to safety  progression of and results from its ongoing and planned clinical trials and preclinical studies  review and approvals by regulatory authorities of its product candidates  the Company’s commercialization efforts  the Company’s continued ability to raise capital to fund its development and the overall impact of the COVID-19 outbreak on the global healthcare system as well as the Company’s business  financial condition and results of operations. For an additional discussion of risks and uncertainties which could cause the company's actual results  financial condition  performance or achievements to differ from those contained in the forward-looking statements  please refer to the Risk Factors (“Facteurs de Risque"") section of the Universal Registration Document filed with the French Financial Markets Authority (“AMF”)  which is available on the AMF website http://www.amf-france.org or on Innate Pharma’s website  and public filings and reports filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”)  including the Company’s Annual Report on Form 20-F for the year ended December 31  2021  and subsequent filings and reports filed with the AMF or SEC  or otherwise made public  by the Company.This press release and the information contained herein do not constitute an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to buy or subscribe to shares in Innate Pharma in any country.",neutral,0.03,0.97,0.0,negative,0.0,0.0,1.0,True,English,"['Upcoming Investor Conferences', 'Innate Pharma', 'Evercore ISI 5th Annual HealthConX Conference', 'ISIN code Ticker code LEI', 'Private Securities Litigation Reform Act', 'global, clinical-stage oncology-focused biotech company', 'high unmet medical need', 'Natural Killer cell biology', 'French Financial Markets Authority', 'Innate Pharma S.A.', 'Stifel 2022 Healthcare Conference', 'U.S. Securities', 'global healthcare system', 'senior management team', 'upcoming investor conferences', 'diversified proprietary portfolio', 'Novo Nordisk A/S', 'Facteurs de Risque', 'Universal Registration Document', 'New-York Event Date', 'Innate Pharma SA', 'Innate Pharma shares', 'Annual Report', 'financial condition', 'immune system', 'person event', 'Regulatory News', 'Euronext Paris', 'clinical outcomes', 'broad pipeline', 'class clinical', 'preclinical candidates', 'tumor microenvironment', 'antibody engineering', 'innovative approach', 'major alliances', 'biopharmaceutical industry', 'Bristol-Myers Squibb', 'multi-products collaboration', 'risk factors', 'press release', 'forward-looking statements', 'similar expressions', 'reasonable assumptions', 'other things', 'clinical trials', 'preclinical studies', 'regulatory authorities', 'product candidates', 'commercialization efforts', 'overall impact', 'COVID-19 outbreak', 'additional discussion', 'public filings', 'Exchange Commission', 'subsequent filings', 'BUSINESS WIRE', 'therapeutic antibodies', 'US office', 'actual results', 'looking information', 'numerous risks', 'IPH Nasdaq', 'AMF website', 'MARSEILLE', 'France', 'IPHA', 'members', 'November', 'December', 'treatment', 'patients', 'cancer', 'several', 'pioneer', 'understanding', 'expertise', 'tumor-antigens', 'leaders', 'Sanofi', 'AstraZeneca', 'Rockville', 'MD', 'Disclaimer', 'meaning', 'words', 'believe', 'will', 'expectations', 'uncertainties', 'research', 'development', 'safety', 'progression', 'ongoing', 'review', 'approvals', 'ability', 'capital', 'operations', 'performance', 'achievements', 'section', 'org', 'reports', 'year', 'offer', 'solicitation', 'country']",2022-11-02,2022-11-03,businesswire.com
12484,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20221102005759/en/Transgene-Announces-Positive-Interim-Analysis-Results-of-Phase-II-Trial-Evaluating-TG4001-Avelumab-vs-Avelumab-in-HPV-Positive-Anogenital-Cancers,Transgene Announces Positive Interim Analysis Results of Phase II Trial Evaluating TG4001 + Avelumab vs Avelumab in HPV-Positive Anogenital Cancers,STRASBOURG  France--(BUSINESS WIRE)-- #HBV--Regulatory News: Transgene (Euronext Paris: TNG)  a biotech company that designs and develops virus-based immunotherapeutics against cancer  today announces that following an interim analysis of its randomized contr…,STRASBOURG  France--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Regulatory News:Transgene (Euronext Paris: TNG)  a biotech company that designs and develops virus-based immunotherapeutics against cancer  today announces that following an interim analysis of its randomized controlled Phase II clinical study comparing TG4001 in combination with avelumab to avelumab alone in patients with HPV16-positive anogenital tumors (NCT: 03260023)  the Independent Data Monitoring Committee (IDMC) has recommended the study continue.Based on positive signals observed in the interim analysis  the trial is now expected to enroll an additional 66 patients  for a total trial size of 120 patients compared to the previously announced target of 150 patients. Transgene anticipates the last patient to be randomized in the trial in H1 2024.Hedi Ben Brahim  CEO  and Dr. Maud Brandely  Chief Medical Officer  MD  PhD  will host an analyst and investor call to discuss the interim analysis at 6:00 pm CET (1:00 pm EST) today (see details below).The Phase II study is evaluating TG4001  an investigational therapeutic cancer vaccine  in combination with avelumab compared to avelumab alone in patients with HPV16-positive anogenital tumors without liver metastases  through a continuing collaboration with the alliance of Merck KGaA  Darmstadt  Germany  and Pfizer  which is supplying avelumab.“We are very pleased with the outcome of this interim analysis ” said Hedi Ben Brahim  Chief Executive Officer of Transgene. “The IDMC’s recommendation to continue the study reinforces our confidence in TG4001  which follows promising data from our earlier Phase Ib/II trial. This also enables us to reduce the number of patients randomized in the trial. We are looking forward to completing this trial in H1 2024 and communicating its results when they are available. We expect that positive final results from this trial will allow us to launch a registration trial to further confirm the benefit of our therapeutic vaccine candidate. TG4001 aims to provide a new solution to patients who currently have very limited treatment options.”The interim analysis was triggered per protocol  by a predefined number of PFS events. Based on the interim results  the IDMC’s objective was to provide a recommendation on the continuation of the trial and on the final sample size using adaptive sample size re-estimation modeling approach.To date  the treatment has been well tolerated. Adverse events are consistent with previous observations made in the Phase Ib/II trial.TG4001 is based on a MVA (Modified Vaccinia Ankara) vector  which is engineered to express HPV16 antigens (E6 & E7) and interleukin 2 (IL-2). TG4001 is designed to alert the immune system specifically to cells presenting the HPV16 E6 and E7 antigens that can be found in HPV16-related tumors and to induce a specific cellular immune response against these cancer cells.Phase II trial aims to show superiority of TG4001 + avelumab over avelumab monotherapyThe trial is enrolling patients in the USA and in Europe (France and Spain). It focuses on patients with recurrent or metastatic HPV16-positive anogenital cancer without liver metastases  including cervical  vulvar  vaginal  penile  and anal cancer. Patients are randomized to either receive the combination regimen of the therapeutic vaccine TG4001 and avelumab or avelumab alone.The primary endpoint of the trial is progression-free survival (PFS) according to RECIST 1.1. Secondary endpoints include objective response rate (ORR)  disease control rate (DCR)  overall survival (OS) and a series of immunological parameters.A conference call in English is scheduled today  on November 2  2022  at 6 p.m. CET / 1 p.m. EST.Webcast link to English language conference call:https://channel.royalcast.com/landingpage/transgene/20221102_1/Participant telephone numbers:France: +33 (0) 1 70 37 71 66 United Kingdom: +44 (0) 33 0551 0200 United States: +1 212 999 6659 Confirmation code: TransgeneA replay will be available on the Transgene website (www.transgene.fr) following the live event.About the trialThe multi-center  open label  randomized Phase II trial (NCT03260023) is designed to compare the efficacy of the combination of TG4001 and avelumab versus avelumab alone in patients with advanced  recurrent and/or metastatic HPV16-positive anogenital cancers who have disease progression after a maximum of one line of systemic treatment  or who are not eligible for first-line chemotherapy.Prof. Christophe Le Tourneau  M.D.  PhD  Head of the Department of Drug Development and Innovation (D3i) at the Curie Institute  is the Principal Investigator of the study. The trial is being conducted in collaboration with Merck KGaA  Darmstadt  Germany  and Pfizer Inc. (NYSE: PFE)  which are providing avelumab for the trial. Avelumab is co-developed and co-commercialized by Merck KGaA  Darmstadt  Germany and Pfizer Inc. Transgene will continue to be the sponsor of the trial and conduct the trial. Avelumab is not approved alone or in combination for the treatment of HPV16-positive anogenital tumors in any region.Patients will receive TG4001 at the dose of 5x107 pfu  SC  weekly for 6 weeks  every 2 weeks up to six months  and every 12 weeks thereafter  in combination with avelumab or avelumab alone at 800 mg  IV every two weeks  until disease progression. The primary endpoint of the trial is progression-free survival (PFS) according to RECIST 1.1. Secondary endpoints include objective response rate (ORR)  disease control rate (DCR)  overall survival (OS) and other immunological parameters. The trial will enroll 120 patients.About the Phase Ib/II data of TG4001 + avelumab (single arm trial)The combination of TG4001 and avelumab demonstrated anti-tumor activity (22% ORR) in patients with previously treated recurrent and/or metastatic HPV-related cancers (including patients with oropharyngeal cancers and anogenital cancers). Presence of liver metastases had a profound impact on the outcome in terms of ORR and PFS. In patients without liver metastases  an ORR of 32%  a median PFS of 5.6 months and a median OS of 13.3 months were achieved. The treatment induced HPV-specific T-cell responses and was associated with increased levels of immune cell infiltration in the tumors and expression of genes associated with activation of the immune system. The results from the Phase Ib/II parts of the trial combining TG4001 with avelumab in HPV16-positive recurrent and/or metastatic malignancies have been updated in a R&D day held in September 2022 by Transgene. A first set of data had been presented at SITC 2020 and ESMO IO 2020 [1 2].About TG4001TG4001 is an investigational therapeutic vaccine based on a non-propagative  highly attenuated Vaccinia vector (MVA)  which is engineered to express HPV16 antigens (E6 & E7) and an adjuvant (IL-2). TG4001 is designed to have a two-pronged antiviral approach: to alert the immune system specifically to cells presenting the HPV16 E6 and E7 antigens  that can be found in HPV16-related tumors  and to further stimulate the infection-clearing activity of the immune system through interleukin 2 (IL-2). TG4001 has been administered to more than 350 individuals  demonstrating good safety and promising efficacy results [1  2 ]. Its mechanism of action and good safety profile make TG4001 an excellent candidate for combinations with other therapies in HPV-mediated solid tumors.About TransgeneTransgene (Euronext: TNG) is a biotechnology company focused on designing and developing targeted immunotherapies for the treatment of cancer. Transgene’s programs utilize viral vector technology with the goal of indirectly or directly killing cancer cells.The Company’s clinical-stage programs consist of two therapeutic vaccines (TG4001 for the treatment of HPV-positive cancers  and TG4050  the first individualized therapeutic vaccine based on the myvac® platform) as well as two oncolytic viruses (TG6002 for the treatment of solid tumors  and BT-001  the first oncolytic virus based on the Invir.IO™ platform).With Transgene’s myvac® platform  therapeutic vaccination enters the field of precision medicine with a novel immunotherapy that is fully tailored to each individual. The myvac® approach allows the generation of a virus-based immunotherapy that encodes patient-specific mutations identified and selected by Artificial Intelligence capabilities provided by its partner NEC.With its proprietary platform Invir.IO™  Transgene is building on its viral vector engineering expertise to design a new generation of multifunctional oncolytic viruses. Transgene has an ongoing Invir.IO™ collaboration with AstraZeneca.Additional information about Transgene is available at: www.transgene.fr. Follow us on Twitter: @TransgeneSATransgene disclaimerThis press release contains forward-looking statements  which are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties  which could cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated. The occurrence of any of these risks could have a significant negative outcome for the Company’s activities  perspectives  financial situation  results  regulatory authorities’ agreement with development phases  and development. The Company’s ability to commercialize its products depends on but is not limited to the following factors: positive pre-clinical data may not be predictive of human clinical results  the success of clinical studies  the ability to obtain financing and/or partnerships for product manufacturing  development and commercialization  and marketing approval by government regulatory authorities. For a discussion of risks and uncertainties which could cause the Company’s actual results  financial condition  performance or achievements to differ from those contained in the forward-looking statements  please refer to the Risk Factors (“Facteurs de Risque”) section of the Universal Registration Document  available on the AMF website (http://www.amf-france.org) or on Transgene’s website (www.transgene.fr). Forward-looking statements speak only as of the date on which they are made  and Transgene undertakes no obligation to update these forward-looking statements  even if new information becomes available in the future.References[1] Le Tourneau et al. “TG4001 (Tipapkinogene sovacivec) and avelumab for recurrent/metastatic (R/M) Human Papilloma Virus (HPV)-16+ cancers: clinical efficacy and immunogenicity.” 2020 SITC Annual Meeting  9-11 November 2020  Poster presentation[2] Le Tourneau et al. “TG4001 therapeutic vaccination combined with PD-L1 blocker avelumab remodels the tumor microenvironment (TME) and drives antitumor responses in Human PapillomaVirus (HPV)+ malignancies.”2020 ESMO IO meeting  12 December 2020  mini-oral presentation,neutral,0.0,0.98,0.02,mixed,0.62,0.11,0.27,True,English,"['Positive Interim Analysis Results', 'Phase II Trial', 'HPV-Positive Anogenital Cancers', 'Transgene', 'TG4001', 'Avelumab', 'multi-center, open label, randomized Phase II trial', 'adaptive sample size re-estimation modeling approach', 'controlled Phase II clinical study', 'Prof. Christophe Le Tourneau', 'Independent Data Monitoring Committee', 'metastatic HPV16-positive anogenital cancers', 'specific cellular immune response', 'The Phase II study', 'earlier Phase Ib/II trial', 'investigational therapeutic cancer vaccine', 'English language conference call', 'final sample size', 'HPV16-positive anogenital tumors', 'Hedi Ben Brahim', 'Dr. Maud Brandely', 'Chief Medical Officer', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'therapeutic vaccine candidate', 'Vaccinia Ankara) vector', 'Participant telephone numbers', 'total trial size', 'objective response rate', 'disease control rate', 'limited treatment options', 'positive final results', 'promising data', 'immune system', 'HPV16-related tumors', 'investor call', 'anal cancer', 'positive signals', 'disease progression', 'The IDMC', 'cancer cells', 'BUSINESS WIRE', 'Regulatory News', 'Euronext Paris', 'biotech company', 'virus-based immunotherapeutics', 'interim analysis', 'last patient', 'liver metastases', 'Merck KGaA', 'new solution', 'interim results', 'Adverse events', 'previous observations', 'HPV16 antigens', 'HPV16 E6', 'E7 antigens', 'primary endpoint', 'progression-free survival', 'Secondary endpoints', 'overall survival', 'immunological parameters', 'Webcast link', 'channel.royalcast', 'United Kingdom', 'United States', 'Confirmation code', 'live event', 'one line', 'first-line chemotherapy', 'M.D.', 'Drug Development', 'Curie Institute', 'Principal Investigator', 'registration trial', 'systemic treatment', 'Pfizer Inc.', 'continuing collaboration', 'predefined number', 'PFS events', 'advanced, recurrent', 'combination regimen', 'Transgene website', 'additional 66 patients', 'avelumab monotherapy', '120 patients', '150 patients', 'STRASBOURG', 'France', 'TNG', 'TG4001', 'NCT', 'target', 'H1', 'CEO', 'MD', 'PhD', 'analyst', 'details', 'alliance', 'Darmstadt', 'Germany', 'outcome', 'recommendation', 'confidence', 'benefit', 'protocol', 'continuation', 'MVA', 'interleukin', 'superiority', 'USA', 'Europe', 'Spain', 'cervical', 'vaginal', 'penile', 'RECIST', 'ORR', 'DCR', 'series', 'November', 'CET', 'replay', 'efficacy', 'maximum', 'Head', 'Department', 'Innovation', 'D3i', 'PFE', 'sponsor', 'regio', '6:00']",2022-11-02,2022-11-03,businesswire.com
12485,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/smcp-olivier-germain-appointed-ceo-072600511.html,SMCP - Olivier Germain is appointed CEO of Claudie Pierlot,Press release - Paris  November 2th  2022 Olivier Germain is appointed CEO of Claudie Pierlotand joins the SMCP Executive Committee SMCP  the parent company ...,"Press release - Paris  November 2th  2022Olivier Germain is appointed CEO of Claudie Pierlotand joins the SMCP Executive CommitteeSMCP  the parent company of the Sandro  Maje  Claudie Pierlot and Fursac brands  is pleased to announce the appointment of Olivier Germain as Claudie Pierlot’s CEO  effective from November 2  2022. In this role  he will join the SMCP Executive Committee.Isabelle Guichot  CEO of SMCP  stated: ""I am very pleased to welcome Olivier to the SMCP Executive Committee as CEO of Claudie Pierlot. Over the course of his career in fashion  Olivier has acquired a unique expertise in this industry  a strategic vision and leadership which are major assets for Claudie Pierlot’s expansion at a key moment in its history  as the brand will celebrate its 40th anniversary in 2024. I would like to join the entire SMCP team in wishing him every success in his new position.”Aged 51  Olivier Germain joins SMCP as CEO of Claudie Pierlot after spending two years at New Guards Group (Off white  Ambush  Palm Angels  Heron Peston...) as Chief Product Officer  and three years at Balmain in the same role. Having graduated from the ESSEC business school and holding a master degree in modern literature  Olivier developed his expertise in merchandising and retail at brands such as Tom Ford  YSL  Dior and Alexander McQueen  with a strong focus on the product offer and the desirability of the brands for which he was responsible. These experiences have given him a valuable business perspective  proven leadership skills and a deep understanding of the product.Olivier Germain  CEO of Claudie Pierlot  said: ""I am delighted to join the SMCP group and Claudie Pierlot at a pivotal moment in its history. The 40th anniversary of the brand in 2024 will be an opportunity to accelerate its development by bringing together key elements and the values bequeathed by its founder. I would like to thank Isabelle Guichot and the Board of Directors of SMCP Group for their trust in me to write this new chapter for the Claudie Pierlot brand together.”Story continuesABOUT SMCPSMCP is a global leader in the accessible luxury market with four unique Parisian brands: Sandro  Maje  Claudie Pierlot and Fursac. Present in 45 countries  the Group comprises a network of over 1 600 stores globally and a strong digital presence in all its key markets. Evelyne Chetrite and Judith Milgrom founded Sandro and Maje in Paris  in 1984 and 1998 respectively  and continue to provide creative direction for the brands. Claudie Pierlot and Fursac were respectively acquired by SMCP in 2009 and 2019. SMCP is listed on the Euronext Paris regulated market (compartment A  ISIN Code FR0013214145  ticker: SMCP).CONTACTSINVESTORS/PRESS SMCP BRUNSWICK Amélie Dernis Hugues Boëton Tristan Roquet Montegon +33 (0) 1 55 80 51 00 +33 (0) 1 53 96 83 83 amelie.dernis@smcp.com smcp@brunswickgroup.comAttachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.89,0.09,0.03,True,English,"['Olivier Germain', 'Claudie Pierlot', 'SMCP', 'CEO', 'INVESTORS/PRESS SMCP BRUNSWICK Amélie Dernis Hugues Boëton Tristan Roquet Montegon', 'Euronext Paris regulated market', 'four unique Parisian brands', 'accessible luxury market', 'ESSEC business school', 'valuable business perspective', 'strong digital presence', 'SMCP Executive Committee', 'entire SMCP team', 'Chief Product Officer', 'New Guards Group', 'Claudie Pierlot brand', 'unique expertise', 'strong focus', 'SMCP group', 'new position', 'new chapter', 'Press release', 'parent company', 'Isabelle Guichot', 'strategic vision', 'major assets', 'key moment', '40th anniversary', 'two years', 'Palm Angels', 'Heron Peston', 'three years', 'master degree', 'modern literature', 'Tom Ford', 'Alexander McQueen', 'product offer', 'deep understanding', 'pivotal moment', 'key elements', 'global leader', 'key markets', 'Evelyne Chetrite', 'Judith Milgrom', 'creative direction', 'compartment A', 'ISIN Code', 'Olivier Germain', 'same role', 'leadership skills', 'Fursac brands', 'November', 'CEO', 'Sandro', 'Maje', 'appointment', 'course', 'career', 'fashion', 'industry', 'expansion', 'history', 'success', 'Ambush', 'Balmain', 'merchandising', 'retail', 'YSL', 'Dior', 'desirability', 'experiences', 'opportunity', 'development', 'values', 'founder', 'Board', 'Directors', 'trust', '45 countries', 'network', '1,600 stores', 'ticker', 'CONTACTS', 'Attachment']",2022-11-02,2022-11-03,finance.yahoo.com
12486,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/dassault-syst-mes-disclosure-trading-143000937.html,Dassault Systèmes: disclosure of trading in own shares,; Press ReleaseVELIZY-VILLACOUBLAY  France — November 2  2022 DISCLOSURE OF TRADING IN OWN SHARES(Repurchase program decided by the General Meeting of...,Dassault Systemes SE;Press ReleaseVELIZY-VILLACOUBLAY  France — November 2  2022DISCLOSURE OF TRADING IN OWN SHARES(Repurchase program decided by the General Meeting of Shareholders of May 19  2022)Issuer: Dassault Systèmes (Euronext Paris: FR0014003TT8  DSY.PA)Type of securities: Ordinary sharesPeriod: October 27 to October 28  2022Detailed information (presentation by day and by market and transaction-by-transaction details) can be consulted on the website of Dassault Systèmes: https://investor.3ds.com/regulated-information/permanent-informationPresentation of the trading in own shares by day and by marketName of issuer Identification code of the issuer Date of trading Identification code of the financial instrument Daily total volume(in number of shares) Daily weighted average acquisition price of the shares* Market DASSAULT SYSTEMES 96950065LBWY0APQIM86 27-Oct-22 FR0014003TT8 318773 34 5586 XPAR DASSAULT SYSTEMES 96950065LBWY0APQIM86 27-Oct-22 FR0014003TT8 208430 34 5372 DXE DASSAULT SYSTEMES 96950065LBWY0APQIM86 27-Oct-22 FR0014003TT8 15249 34 5286 TQE DASSAULT SYSTEMES 96950065LBWY0APQIM86 27-Oct-22 FR0014003TT8 32974 34 5410 AQE DASSAULT SYSTEMES 96950065LBWY0APQIM86 28-Oct-22 FR0014003TT8 280000 34 5584 XPAR DASSAULT SYSTEMES 96950065LBWY0APQIM86 28-Oct-22 FR0014003TT8 44574 34 5478 DXE(*)The weighted average unit price is a rounded priceDeclarations related to crossing of threshold must be sent to:Dassault Systèmes  Investors Relations Service  10  rue Marcel Dassault  CS 40501  78946 Vélizy-Villacoublay Cedex (France). E-mail address: Investors@3ds.com###ABOUT DASSAULT SYSTÈMESDassault Systèmes  the 3DEXPERIENCE Company  is a catalyst for human progress. We provide business and people with collaborative 3D virtual environments to imagine sustainable innovations. By creating virtual twin experiences of the real world with our 3DEXPERIENCE platform and applications  our customers push the boundaries of innovation  learning and production to achieve a more sustainable world for patients  citizens  and consumers. Dassault Systèmes brings value to more than 300 000 customers of all sizes  in all industries  in more than 140 countries. For more information  visit www.3ds.comStory continuesDassault Systèmes Investor Relations’ ContactsFrançois-José BORDONADO / Béatrix MARTINEZinvestors@3ds.com+33 (0)1 61 62 69 24USA & Canada: callie.gauzer@3ds.com© Dassault Systèmes. All rights reserved. 3DEXPERIENCE  the Compass icon  the 3DS logo  CATIA  BIOVIA  GEOVIA  SOLIDWORKS  3DVIA  ENOVIA  NETVIBES  MEDIDATA  CENTRIC PLM  3DEXCITE  SIMULIA  DELMIA  and IFWE are commercial trademarks or registered trademarks of Dassault Systèmes  a French “société européenne” (Versailles Commercial Register # B 322 306 440)  or its subsidiaries in the United States and/or other countries.Attachment,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,positive,0.58,0.36,0.06,True,English,"['Dassault Systèmes', 'disclosure', 'trading', 'shares', 'financial instrument Daily total volume', 'French “société européenne', 'Daily weighted average acquisition price', 'Dassault Systèmes Investor Relations', 'collaborative 3D virtual environments', 'average unit price', 'shares* Market DASSAULT SYSTEMES', 'virtual twin experiences', 'Dassault Systemes SE', 'XPAR DASSAULT SYSTEMES', 'TQE DASSAULT SYSTEMES', 'AQE DASSAULT SYSTEMES', 'rue Marcel Dassault', 'Investors Relations Service', 'Vélizy-Villacoublay Cedex', 'François-José BORDONADO', 'Béatrix MARTINEZ', 'Versailles Commercial Register', 'DXE DASSAULT SYSTEMES', 'Ordinary shares Period', 'issuer Identification code', 'rounded price', 'commercial trademarks', 'Press Release', 'Repurchase program', 'General Meeting', 'Euronext Paris', 'issuer Date', 'mail address', 'human progress', 'sustainable innovations', 'real world', 'sustainable world', 'Compass icon', 'CENTRIC PLM', 'registered trademarks', 'United States', '3DEXPERIENCE Company', '3DEXPERIENCE platform', 'transaction details', '3DS logo', 'other countries', 'Detailed information', '140 countries', 'VELIZY-VILLACOUBLAY', 'France', 'November', 'DISCLOSURE', 'TRADING', 'Shareholders', 'May', 'DSY', 'Type', 'securities', 'October', 'presentation', 'day', 'website', 'permanent-information', 'Name', 'number', 'Oct-22', 'FR0014003TT8', 'Declarations', 'crossing', 'threshold', 'CS', 'catalyst', 'business', 'people', 'applications', 'customers', 'boundaries', 'learning', 'production', 'patients', 'citizens', 'consumers', 'value', 'sizes', 'industries', 'Story', 'Contacts', 'USA', 'Canada', 'gauzer', 'rights', 'CATIA', 'BIOVIA', 'GEOVIA', 'SOLIDWORKS', '3DVIA', 'ENOVIA', 'NETVIBES', 'MEDIDATA', '3DEXCITE', 'SIMULIA', 'DELMIA', 'IFWE', 'subsidiaries', 'Attachment', '©']",2022-11-02,2022-11-03,finance.yahoo.com
12487,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/marel-introducing-focus-first-operating-190500111.html,Marel: Introducing Focus First operating model and organizational changes,Marel Focus First Organizational Structure Organizational Structure To position Marel for future growth and ensure long-term profitability. Marel is refining...,Marel hf.Marel Focus First Organizational StructureOrganizational StructureTo position Marel for future growth and ensure long-term profitability. Marel is refining its operating model enabling customer-centricity  enhancing end-to-end accountability and ensuring cross-business collaboration.Focus First operating modelMarel is introducing a refined operating model: Focus First. The operating model has seven business divisions  global functions and customer centers. The seven divisions are: Poultry  Meat  Fish  Retail and Food Service Solutions (RFS)  Service  Software Solutions and Plant  Pet and Feed. Functions provide enabling capabilities and expertise to the divisions. ‘Customer Centers’ is the new name for the Regions  further building upon the foundation of global reach and local presence that has been built over the last few years. The Customer Centers focus on bringing sales and service efforts together for our customers  creating a truly customer centric experience.For external reporting  Marel will continue to use the four business segments of Poultry  Meat  Fish  in addition to Pet  Plant and Feed.Marel’s Executive BoardIn line with the Focus First operating model  Marel is formalizing an Executive Board that consists of six members to ensure focus  speed and scale:Chief Executive Officer (CEO): Arni Oddur ThordarsonChief Business Officer and Deputy CEO (CBO and Deputy CEO): Arni Sigurdsson  responsible for the Business Divisions  Service and Business DevelopmentChief Operating Officer (COO): Linda Jonsdottir  responsible for Customer Centers  Innovation  Supply Chain  Marketing  Sales Excellence and Operational ExcellenceChief Financial Officer (CFO): Stacey Katz  responsible for Finance  IT  Global Business Services and Investor RelationsChief Human Resource Officer (CHRO): David Freyr Oddsson  responsible for People & CultureChief Strategy Officer (CSO): Vacancy  responsible for strategyMarel’s senior leadershipDavid Wilson  EVP of Marel Meat  is stepping down and will be leaving Marel. David has been with Marel since 1998 and a member of Marel’s Executive Team since 2013. Marel would like to sincerely thank David for his valuable contribution  committment and loyalty over his 24-year career at the company and wish him every success in his future endeavors. Roger Claessen  EVP of Marel Poultry  will step in as interim EVP of Marel Meat until a new appointment is announced. Two seasoned leaders within the Marel Poultry organization  Dirk den Hartog  Service Director  and Arie Tulp  Sales & Marketing Director are stepping up to co-lead Marel Poultry during the interim period.Other current executives continue as part of Marel’s senior leadership working in unity towards our 2026 growth targets.Story continuesAbout MarelMarel (NASDAQ: MAREL; AEX: MAREL) is a leading global provider of advanced food processing equipment  systems  software  and services to the poultry  meat and fish industries. In line with its 2017- 2026 growth strategy  Marel has gradually expanded its business model into adjacent industries  where most recently the acquisition of Wenger has added a fourth pillar focused on pet food  plant-based protein and aqua feed. Our united team of over 7 000 employees in over 6 continents delivered EUR 1.4 billion in revenues in 2021. Annually  Marel invests around 6% of revenues in innovation. By continuously transforming food processing  we enable our customers to increase yield and throughput  ensure food safety and improve sustainability in food production. Marel was listed on NASDAQ Iceland in 1992 and dual-listed on Euronext Amsterdam in June 2019. For further information  please visit marel.com/ir.Attachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.83,0.16,0.0,True,English,"['Focus First operating model', 'organizational changes', 'Marel', 'Marel Focus First Organizational Structure Organizational Structure', 'Chief Human Resource Officer', 'Focus First operating model', 'advanced food processing equipment', 'Chief Operating Officer', 'Chief Financial Officer', 'Two seasoned leaders', 'Dirk den Hartog', 'Other current executives', 'Chief Business Officer', 'refined operating model', 'Chief Strategy Officer', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'four business segments', 'Arni Oddur Thordarson', 'leading global provider', 'customer centric experience', 'David Freyr Oddsson', '2017- 2026 growth strategy', 'The Customer Centers', 'seven business divisions', 'Global Business Services', 'Food Service Solutions', 'Marel Poultry organization', 'business model', 'Business Development', 'seven divisions', 'global reach', 'Arni Sigurdsson', 'food safety', 'food production', 'future growth', '2026 growth targets', 'Executive Board', 'Executive Team', 'long-term profitability', 'end accountability', 'cross-business collaboration', 'global functions', 'Software Solutions', 'enabling capabilities', 'new name', 'local presence', 'external reporting', 'six members', 'Linda Jonsdottir', 'Supply Chain', 'Operational Excellence', 'Stacey Katz', 'Investor Relations', 'senior leadership', 'valuable contribution', '24-year career', 'future endeavors', 'Roger Claessen', 'new appointment', 'Arie Tulp', 'interim period', 'adjacent industries', 'fourth pillar', 'plant-based protein', 'united team', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'pet food', 'service efforts', 'Service Director', 'David Wilson', 'Deputy CEO', 'Marketing Director', 'NASDAQ Iceland', 'Sales Excellence', 'interim EVP', 'fish industries', 'aqua feed', 'Marel Meat', 'customer-centricity', 'Retail', 'RFS', 'expertise', 'Regions', 'foundation', 'last', 'years', 'customers', 'addition', 'line', 'speed', 'scale', 'CBO', 'COO', 'Innovation', 'CFO', 'Finance', 'CHRO', 'People', 'Culture', 'CSO', 'Vacancy', 'committment', 'loyalty', 'company', 'success', 'part', 'unity', 'Story', 'AEX', 'systems', 'acquisition', 'Wenger', '7,000 employees', '6 continents', 'revenues', 'yield', 'throughput', 'sustainability', 'June', 'information', 'Attachment']",2022-11-02,2022-11-03,finance.yahoo.com
12488,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/crossject-clinical-demonstration-zeneo-efficiency-070000096.html,CROSSJECT - CLINICAL DEMONSTRATION OF ZENEO® EFFICIENCY FOR INTRAMUSCULAR INJECTION OF MIDAZOLAM,Press release CLINICAL DEMONSTRATION OF ZENEO® EFFICIENCY FOR INTRAMUSCULAR INJECTION OF MIDAZOLAM • Primary endpoints met and results in line with...,CROSSJECTPress releaseCLINICAL DEMONSTRATION OF ZENEO® EFFICIENCY FOR INTRAMUSCULAR INJECTION OF MIDAZOLAM• Primary endpoints met and results in line with expectations• No impact of clothing on the intramuscular injection with ZENEO®Dijon  November 2  2022 at 8amCROSSJECT (ISIN: FR0011716265; Mnémo: ALCJ)  a specialty pharma company that is developing and will soon be marketing a portfolio of drug / device combinations for use in emergency situations  is releasing positive headline results of its clinical study with ZENEO® midazolam. The 4-period  crossover and randomized study was conducted on 40 healthy subjects  with gender  ethnicity and BMI1 diversity (ref ClinicalTrials.gov Identifier NCT05026567).The primary objective was met. It was the evaluation of the relative bioavailability of midazolam after injection with the needle-free autoinjector ZENEO® (10mg midazolam in 0.625mL) compared to injection of DORMICUM® (10mg midazolam in 2mL) by a conventional syringe with a 30mm needle  into the thigh on bare skin. The bioequivalence was achieved both on Cmax2 and on AUC3  with no change of Tmax4. The 90% Confidence Intervals were respectively of [84-98] for Cmax ratio  and [100-108] for AUC ratio.No serious adverse events were reported  and there was no difference in safety profile between the tested conditions. Only 2 subjects dropped out before their fourth and last injection  not for safety but for personal reason.As secondary objectives  the study aimed to test the intramuscular injection of midazolam with ZENEO® into thigh through clothing  compared to injection into thigh on bare skin with ZENEO® and with DORMICUM®. The 90% Confidence Intervals were respectively of [87-101] and [79-92] for Cmax ratios  and [87-95] and [91-98] for AUC ratios  with no change in Tmax. These results allow considering a much faster emergency treatment  without having to remove patient’s clothing in an epileptic seizure situation.In addition  an intramuscular injection with ZENEO® midazolam in the ventrogluteal site was shown to be bioequivalent to an injection in the thigh on bare skin either with a conventional syringe or with ZENEO®.Story continuesFinally  ZENEO® and the syringe with intramucular needle showed a similar and low inter-subject variability of midazolam pharmacokinetics. This is an additional demonstration that an injection with ZENEO reached the muscle in the same way as an injection with a syringe and a 30 mm needle.As a summary  the outcomes of this clinical study are a great achievement for Crossject  as they demonstrate the effectiveness of an intramuscular injection with the needle-free autoinjector ZENEO® into thigh with or without clothing  as well as into the ventrogluteal site.Contacts :CrossjectPatrick Alexandreinfo@crossject.com Relations investisseursAeliumJérôme Gacoin +33 (0)1 75 77 54 67crossject@aelium.frRelations presseBuzz & CompagnieMélanie Voisard +33 (0)3 80 43 54 89melanie.voisard@buzzetcompagnie.comChristelle Distinguin +33 (0)6 09 96 51 70christelle.distinguin@buzzetcompagnie.comAbout CROSSJECT • www.crossject.comCROSSJECT (ISIN: FR0011716265; Ticker: ALCJ; LEI: 969500W1VTFNL2D85A65) is developing and is soon to market a portfolio of drugs dedicated to emergency situations: epilepsy  overdose  allergic shock  severe migraine and asthma attack. Thanks to its patented needlefree self-injection system  Crossject aims to become the world leader in self-administered emergency drugs. The company has been listed on the Euronext Growth market in Paris since 2014; it receives funding from the United States BARDA (Biomedical Advanced Research and Development Authority) and from Bpifrance.1 BMI : Body Mass Index  a measure of a person's thickness or thinness2 Cmax: maximum blood Concentration of the drug3 AUC : Area Under the Curve reflecting blood levels of a drug over time  an indication of the dose received4 Tmax : time to reach CmaxAttachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.43,0.1,0.47,True,English,"['CLINICAL DEMONSTRATION', 'ZENEO® EFFICIENCY', 'INTRAMUSCULAR INJECTION', 'CROSSJECT', 'MIDAZOLAM', 'ref ClinicalTrials.gov Identifier', 'Jérôme Gacoin', 'patented needlefree self-injection system', 'The 90% Confidence Intervals', 'serious adverse events', 'epileptic seizure situation', 'low inter-subject variability', 'Euronext Growth market', 'United States BARDA', 'Biomedical Advanced Research', 'Body Mass Index', 'faster emergency treatment', 'maximum blood Concentration', 'specialty pharma company', 'Mélanie Voisard', 'positive headline results', 'self-administered emergency drugs', 'Crossject Patrick Alexandre', 'needle-free autoinjector ZENEO®', 'emergency situations', 'blood levels', 'Press release', 'CLINICAL DEMONSTRATION', 'Primary endpoints', 'Mnémo', 'device combinations', 'BMI1 diversity', 'primary objective', 'relative bioavailability', '30mm needle', 'bare skin', 'personal reason', 'secondary objectives', 'ventrogluteal site', 'intramucular needle', 'additional demonstration', 'same way', '30 mm needle', 'great achievement', 'Relations investisseurs', 'Relations presse', 'allergic shock', 'severe migraine', 'asthma attack', 'world leader', 'Development Authority', 'clinical study', 'randomized study', 'Cmax ratio', 'Cmax Attachment', 'mg midazolam', 'midazolam pharmacokinetics', 'INTRAMUSCULAR INJECTION', '40 healthy subjects', 'conventional syringe', 'AUC ratio', 'safety profile', 'last injection', 'Christelle Distinguin', 'ZENEO® EFFICIENCY', 'ZENEO® midazolam', '2 Cmax', '2 subjects', '3 AUC', 'expectations', 'impact', 'clothing', 'Dijon', '8am', 'ALCJ', 'portfolio', 'use', 'crossover', 'gender', 'ethnicity', 'evaluation', '0.625mL', 'DORMICUM®', '2mL', 'thigh', 'bioequivalence', 'Cmax2', 'change', 'Tmax', 'difference', 'conditions', 'fourth', 'patient', 'Story', 'similar', 'muscle', 'summary', 'outcomes', 'effectiveness', 'Contacts', 'Aelium', 'Buzz', 'Compagnie', 'Ticker', 'LEI', 'epilepsy', 'overdose', 'Paris', 'funding', 'Bpifrance', '1 BMI', 'measure', 'thickness', 'thinness', 'Area', 'Curve', 'time', 'indication']",2022-11-02,2022-11-03,finance.yahoo.com
12489,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://ca.sports.yahoo.com/news/nanobiotix-appoints-renowned-global-experts-201500931.html,NANOBIOTIX Appoints Renowned Global Experts to Comprehensive Scientific Advisory Board for Potential First-in-Class Radioenhancer NBTXR3,Multidisciplinary board includes twelve (12) experts from the United States and Europe that will support the development of lead therapeutic candidate NBTXR3PARIS and CAMBRIDGE  Mass.  Nov. 02  2022 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- NANOBIOTIX (Euronext: NANO – NASDAQ: NBT…,Nanobiotix S.A.Multidisciplinary board includes twelve (12) experts from the United States and Europe that will support the development of lead therapeutic candidate NBTXR3PARIS and CAMBRIDGE  Mass.  Nov. 02  2022 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- NANOBIOTIX (Euronext: NANO – NASDAQ: NBTX – the “Company”)  a late-clinical stage biotechnology company pioneering physics-based approaches to expand treatment possibilities for patients with cancer  today announced the appointment of twelve (12) global medical experts to a Scientific Advisory Board designed to support the Company regarding development of lead therapeutic candidate NBTXR3.“Bringing a disruptive  potentially first-in-class therapeutic to patients around the world requires a deep  multidisciplinary understanding of the complex clinical research landscape along with the requirements of cutting-edge patient care in the real world ” said Leonard Farber  MD  Chief Clinical and Medical Affairs Officer at Nanobiotix and Chairman of the Scientific Advisory Board. “As such  our scientific advisory board brings diverse  world class expertise across the fundamental disciplines responsible for decision-making in oncology. We are both grateful and honored that experts of this caliber have chosen to join us in our journey to make a difference for patients  and we are confident that their support will help ensure that NBTXR3 is well-positioned to serve patients in clinical trials as well as in real world practice.”Members of the Nanobiotix Scientific Advisory Board:Sylvie Bonvalot  MD  PhD  HDR; Surgical OncologistHead of Sarcoma Surgery at Institut Curie  Paris  FranceJared Marc Weiss  MD; Medical OncologistProfessor  Medicine-Oncology at the University of North Carolina Lineberger Comprehensive Cancer Center  Chapel Hill  North Carolina  United States of America (USA)Robert L. Ferris  MD  PhD  FACS; Surgical OncologistDirector at the UPMC Hillman Cancer Center  Hillman Professor of Oncology  Associate Vice Chancellor for Cancer Research and Professor of Otolaryngology  of Immunology and of Radiation Oncology at the University of Pittsburgh  Pittsburgh  Pennsylvania  USAStory continuesNancy Y. Lee  MD  FASTRO; Radiation OncologistVice Chair  Department of Radiation Oncology; Service Chief  Head & Neck Radiation Oncology; Service Chief  Proton Therapy at Memorial Sloan Kettering Cancer Center  New York  New York  USASilvia Chiara Formenti  MD  FASTRO; Radiation OncologistChairman of Radiation Oncology at Weill Cornell Medicine  New York  New York  USAQuynh-Thu Xuan Le  MD; Radiation OncologistChair of the Stanford Radiation Oncology Department and Katharine Dexter McCormick & Stanley Memorial Professorship at Stanford University  Palo Alto  California  USAChristophe Le Tourneau  MD  PhD; Medical OncologistHead of the Department of Drug Development (D3i) at the Institut Curie and Professor of Medicine at Paris-Saclay University  Paris  FranceHisham Mehanna  PhD  BMedSc  MBChB  FRCS; Surgical OncologistDeputy Pro-Vice Chancellor  Chair of Head and Neck Surgery  and Director of the Institute of Head and Neck Studies and Education at the University of Birmingham  United KingdomThierry De Baère  MD; Interventional RadiologistHead of the Interventional Radiology Unit at Gustave Roussy Cancer Centre and University Paris-Saclay in Paris  France  and Head of Interventional Radiology at Gustave Roussy Cancer Center  Villejuif  FranceChiaojung Jillian Tsai  MD  PhD; Radiation OncologistIncoming Site Lead  Palliative Radiation Oncology Program  Radiation Medicine  Princess Margaret Cancer Centre  Toronto  CanadaStéphane Champiat  MD  MS  PhD; Medical OncologistHead of the Inpatient Unit at the Drug Development Department of Gustave Roussy Cancer Campus  Paris  FranceJean Bourhis  MD  PhD; Radiation OncologistProfessor  Chief of Radiation Oncology at the Lausanne University Hospital  Lausanne  SwitzerlandFor more information on the Nanobiotix Scientific Advisory Board  please click here.About NANOBIOTIXNanobiotix is a late-stage clinical biotechnology company pioneering disruptive  physics-based therapeutic approaches to revolutionize treatment outcomes for millions of patients; supported by people committed to making a difference for humanity. The company is leveraging its proprietary nanoparticle platform  including its lead product candidate  radiotherapy activated NBTXR3  to develop a pipeline of therapeutic options designed to enhance local and systemic control of solid tumors with an initial focus on the treatment of head and neck cancers.For more information about Nanobiotix  visit us at www.nanobiotix.com or follow us on LinkedIn and Twitter.DisclaimerThis press release contains certain “forward-looking” statements within the meaning of applicable securities laws  including the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements may be identified by words such as “at this time ” “anticipate ” “believe ” “expect ” “intend ” “on track ” “plan ” “scheduled ” and “will ” or the negative of these and similar expressions. These forward-looking statements  which are based on our management’s current expectations and assumptions and on information currently available to management  include statements about the timing and progress of clinical trials  the timing of our presentation of data  the results of our preclinical and clinical studies and their potential implications. Such forward-looking statements are made in light of information currently available to us and based on assumptions that Nanobiotix considers to be reasonable. However  these forward-looking statements are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties  including with respect to the risk that subsequent studies and ongoing or future clinical trials may not generate favorable data notwithstanding positive early clinical results and the risks associated with the evolving nature of the duration and severity of the COVID-19 pandemic and governmental and regulatory measures implemented in response to it  the risk that the Company and European Investment Bank (“EIB”) will not reach definitive agreement with respect to the restructuring of the loan; the risk that the EIB may accelerate the loans under finance contract and its amendment upon the occurrence of customary events of default; the risk that Company may not be able to secure additional capital on attractive terms  if at all. Furthermore  many other important risks factors and uncertainties  including those described in our Annual Report on Form 20-F filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC) on April 8  2022 under “Item 3.D. Risk Factors” and those set forth in the universal registration document of Nanobiotix filed with the French Financial Markets Authority (Autorité des Marchés Financiers – the AMF) on April 8  2022  (a copy of which is available on www.nanobiotix.com )  may adversely affect such forward-looking statements and cause our actual results  performance or achievements to be materially different from those expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. Except as required by law  we assume no obligation to update these forward-looking statements publicly  or to update the reasons why actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in the forward-looking statements  even if new information becomes available in the future.ContactsNanobiotixCommunications DepartmentBrandon OwensVP  Communications+1 (617) 852-4835contact@nanobiotix.comInvestor Relations DepartmentKate McNeilSVP  Investor Relations+1 (609) 678-7388investors@nanobiotix.comMedia RelationsFR – Ulysse CommunicationPierre-Louis Germain+ 33 (0) 6 64 79 97 51plgermain@ulysse-communication.comGlobal – LifeSci AdvisorsLigia Vela-Reid+44 (0) 7413825310Lvela-reid@lifesciadvisors.com,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.67,0.0,0.33,True,English,"['Comprehensive Scientific Advisory Board', 'Renowned Global Experts', 'Potential First', 'Class Radioenhancer', 'NANOBIOTIX', 'NBTXR3', 'North Carolina Lineberger Comprehensive Cancer Center', 'Private Securities Litigation Reform Act', 'Memorial Sloan Kettering Cancer Center', 'Gustave Roussy Cancer Center', 'Thierry De Baère', 'Gustave Roussy Cancer Centre', 'Princess Margaret Cancer Centre', 'Gustave Roussy Cancer Campus', 'UPMC Hillman Cancer Center', 'late-clinical stage biotechnology company', 'complex clinical research landscape', 'diverse, world class expertise', 'late-stage clinical biotechnology company', 'Palliative Radiation Oncology Program', 'disruptive, physics-based therapeutic approaches', 'Nanobiotix Scientific Advisory Board', 'twelve (12) global medical experts', 'Radiation Oncologist Vice Chair', 'Stanford Radiation Oncology Department', 'Stanley Memorial Professorship', 'applicable securities laws', 'Associate Vice Chancellor', 'cutting-edge patient care', 'Jared Marc Weiss', 'Robert L. Ferris', 'Nancy Y. Lee', 'Silvia Chiara Formenti', 'Quynh-Thu Xuan Le', 'Katharine Dexter McCormick', 'Christophe Le Tourneau', 'Deputy Pro-Vice Chancellor', 'Chiaojung Jillian Tsai', 'Incoming Site Lead', 'Stéphane Champiat', 'proprietary nanoparticle platform', 'lead product candidate', 'lead therapeutic candidate', 'Medical Affairs Officer', 'deep, multidisciplinary understanding', 'Nanobiotix S.A.', 'real world practice', 'Weill Cornell Medicine', 'Radiation Oncologist Chair', 'Interventional Radiology Unit', 'Neck Radiation Oncology', 'Cancer Research', 'Lausanne University Hospital', 'Surgical Oncologist Director', 'Drug Development Department', 'physics-based approaches', 'class therapeutic', 'Multidisciplinary board', 'twelve (12) experts', 'clinical trials', 'Medical Oncologist', 'therapeutic options', 'Chief Clinical', 'Stanford University', 'Radiation Medicine', 'Inpatient Unit', 'Interventional Radiologist', 'Neck Surgery', 'Neck Studies', 'neck cancers', 'Hillman Professor', 'United States', 'GLOBE NEWSWIRE', 'Leonard Farber', 'fundamental disciplines', 'Sylvie Bonvalot', 'Sarcoma Surgery', 'Institut Curie', 'Chapel Hill', 'Proton Therapy', 'New York', 'Palo Alto', 'Hisham Mehanna', 'United Kingdom', 'Jean Bourhis', 'systemic control', 'solid tumors', 'initial focus', 'press release', 'forward-looking” statements', 'Forward-looking statements', 'Service Chief', 'Paris-Saclay University', 'University Paris-Saclay', 'treatment possibilities', 'treatment outcomes', 'Europe', 'NBTXR3', 'CAMBRIDGE', 'Mass.', 'Euronext', 'NASDAQ', 'patients', 'appointment', 'requirements', 'MD', 'Chairman', 'decision-making', 'caliber', 'journey', 'difference', 'support', 'Members', 'PhD', 'HDR', 'Head', 'France', 'Medicine-Oncology', 'America', 'FACS', 'Otolaryngology', 'Immunology', 'Pittsburgh', 'Pennsylvania', 'Story', 'FASTRO', 'California', 'D3i', 'BMedSc', 'MBChB', 'FRCS', 'Institute', 'Education', 'Birmingham', 'Villejuif', 'Toronto', 'Canada', 'MS', 'Switzerland', 'information', 'millions', 'people', 'humanity', 'radiotherapy', 'pipeline', 'local', 'LinkedIn', 'Twitter', 'Disclaimer', 'meaning', 'words', 'time', 'track', 'plan', 'negative']",2022-11-02,2022-11-03,ca.sports.yahoo.com
12490,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2022/11/02/2546171/0/en/Wolters-Kluwer-2022-Nine-Month-Trading-Update.html,Wolters Kluwer 2022 Nine-Month Trading Update,Wolters Kluwer 2022 Nine-Month Trading Update       November 2  2022 – Wolters Kluwer (EURONEXT: WKL)  a global leader in professional information ......,Wolters Kluwer 2022 Nine-Month Trading UpdateNovember 2  2022 – Wolters Kluwer (EURONEXT: WKL)  a global leader in professional information  software solutions and services  today releases its scheduled 2022 nine-month trading update.HighlightsFull-year 2022 guidance reiterated.Nine-month revenues up 6% organically. Recurring revenues (81% of total revenues) up 7% organically; non-recurring revenues up 4%. Digital & services revenues (93% of total revenues) up 7% organically; print declined 4%. Expert solutions revenues (56% of total) up 9% organically.Nine-month adjusted operating profit up 6% in constant currencies. Nine-month adjusted operating profit margin up 50 basis points.Nine-month adjusted free cash flow down 1% in constant currencies.Net-debt-to-EBITDA ratio 1.3x as of September 30  2022.Share buyback 2022: approx. 76% completed to date; on track to reach €1 billion by year-end.Share buyback 2023: mandate signed to repurchase up to €100 million in January and February 2023.Nancy McKinstry  CEO and Chair of the Executive Board  commented: “Through the first nine months of the year  we have seen sustained strong organic growth in recurring revenues  led by our expert solutions. As expected  organic growth in transactional and other non-recurring revenues slowed in the face of challenging comparables and deteriorating economic conditions. We are investing at high levels in product innovation and in our talented workforce  and I am confident in reiterating our outlook for the full year.”Nine Months to September 30  20 2 2Total revenues increased 15%  driven to a large extent by the stronger U.S. dollar (€/$1.06 vs. €/$1.20). In constant currencies  revenues increased 6%  with the impact of disposals (mainly the U.S. Legal Education business in December 2021) exceeding the impact of acquisitions on revenues. Excluding currency  acquisitions and disposals  organic revenue growth was 6% (9M 2021: 6%).Recurring revenues (81% of total revenues) sustained recent momentum  growing 7% organically in the first nine months (9M 2021: 5%). Non-recurring revenues  which include transactional revenues in Governance  Risk & Compliance (GRC)  on-premise software licence and implementation fees  print books  and other ad hoc revenues  grew 4% organically (9M 2021: 9%). Digital and services revenues (93% of total revenues) grew 7% organically  led by expert solutions revenues up 9%. Total print revenues decreased 4% organically (9M 2021: 5% growth)  with print subscriptions down 7% (9M 2021: decline of 6%) and print books up 2% (9M 2021: 20% growth).Revenues from North America (64% of total revenues) grew 6% organically (9M 2021: 7%) while revenues from Europe (28% of total) grew 5% (9M 2021: 6%). Revenues from Asia Pacific & Rest of World (8% of total) grew 15% organically (9M 2021: 2%)  sustaining the strong improvement seen in the first half.Nine-month adjusted operating profit increased 17% overall and 6% in constant currencies. The adjusted operating profit margin increased 50 basis points  largely driven by a favorable currency mix and an improvement in the Legal & Regulatory margin. Group-wide adjusted operating costs increased 14% overall and 6% in constant currencies year-on-year  reflecting progress on hiring and increased investment in product development and sales and marketing.Health: Nine-month revenues increased 5% in constant currencies and 5% on an organic basis (9M 2021: 9%). Clinical Solutions achieved 8% organic growth  supported by strong renewals and new customer wins for UpToDate and our drug information solutions. Patient engagement tool Emmi sustained high single-digit organic growth driven by improved retention  upselling  and new customer wins. Health Learning  Research & Practice recorded 2% organic growth against a challenging comparable (9M 2021: 11%) mainly related to the ASCO publishing contract (which began in 2021). Print book organic revenue growth moderated to 13%  reflecting a decline in the third quarter. Medical research platform Ovid achieved good subscription renewals  while journal advertising revenues exhibited softness in the third quarter. On September 30  2022  we acquired IJS Publishing Group  a UK-based provider of peer-reviewed open access medical journals focused on surgery.Tax & Accounting: Nine-month revenues increased 9% in constant currencies and 9% organically (9M 2021: 6%). Corporate Performance  which comprises CCH Tagetik and our U.S. Corporate Tax unit  delivered 10% organic growth  driven by cloud software subscriptions and implementation services. The North American Professional Tax & Accounting business recorded 11% organic growth  partly reflecting favorable timing and non-recurring factors  but underpinned by continued strong performance by our cloud-based CCH Axcess platform. TeamMate  our internal audit solution  delivered robust single-digit organic growth  driven by its cloud solution. Professional Tax & Accounting Europe sustained 6% organic growth.Governance  Risk & Compliance: Nine-month revenues increased 6% in constant currencies  including the acquisitions of LicenseLogix in October 2021 and IDS in April 2022. On an organic basis  growth was 5% (9M 2021: 5%). Legal Services recorded significantly slower organic growth of 4% (9M 2021: 11%)  with recurring revenues up 6% but Legal Services transactional revenues broadly flat against a challenging comparable (9M 2021: 22%). Financial Services revenues increased 6% on an organic basis (9M 2021: decline of 3%)  driven by recurring software maintenance and cloud subscription revenues in Compliance Solutions  including at eOriginal. Financial Services transactional revenues were flat (9M 2021: decline of 12%)  as sharply lower mortgage-related transaction volumes and the absence of U.S. PPP1 transactional revenues were offset by double-digit growth in transactional revenues in Lien Solutions. Finance  Risk & Reporting recorded 4% organic growth  as growth in professional services around customer implementations was partly offset by the impact of discontinuing business in Russia and Belarus.Legal & Regulatory: Nine-month revenues increased 1% in constant currencies  mainly reflecting the disposal of the U.S. Legal Education business in December 2021. Organic growth was 5% (9M 2021: 4%)  lifted by sustained strong organic growth in software. EHS/ORM2 and Legal Software grew 21% (9M 2021: 6%)  driven by strong growth in cloud revenues across the board and higher non-recurring on-premise license and implementation fees for the Enablon EHS/ORM software. Legal & Regulatory Information Solutions revenues grew 2% organically (9M 2021: 3%)  with digital solutions sustaining 7% organic growth  but print products returning to historic rates of decline. The sale of our legal publishing assets in Spain and France  agreed in December 2021 and expected to complete in 2022  remains subject to the Spanish antitrust process.Corporate costs increased 10% in constant currencies in the first nine months  due to higher personnel costs and increased spending on market research and various projects.Cash Flow and Net DebtNine-month adjusted operating cash flow was flat in constant currencies due to lower cash conversion (103%) compared to a year ago (108%)  mainly as a result of higher capital expenditure and lower working capital inflows. Adjusted free cash flow decreased 1% in constant currencies  with higher cash taxes broadly offset by lower net cash outflows related to restructuring.Total cash dividends paid to shareholders amounted to €401 million in the first nine months. Total acquisition spending  net of cash acquired and including transaction costs  was €69 million in the first nine months  primarily relating to the acquisition of IDS in April 2022. Divestiture proceeds  net of cash disposed and transaction costs  were negligible. In the first nine months  €618 million in cash flow was deployed towards the 2022 share repurchase program.As of September 30  2022  net debt stood at €2 243 million (compared to €2 131 million at year-end 2021). Twelve months’ rolling net-debt-to-EBITDA was 1.3x compared to 1.4x at year-end 2021. In September  we issued a new €500 million Eurobond with a 4-year term and 3.0% annual coupon.ESG DevelopmentsIn the year to date  we have made progress on several ESG objectives. In September  we launched our annual all-employee compliance training  covering IT and cybersecurity  data privacy  and business ethics. As of the end of October  99% of employees globally have completed the training program. Our annual engagement survey was kicked off in October. To support employee engagement and diversity  equity  inclusion  and belonging3  we have launched a 12-month inclusive leadership program for executives and people managers and we have started piloting a series of voluntary  employee-led global inclusion networks. On the environmental front  we continued to execute on two key programs that reduce our emissions: as of September 30  2022  our real estate rationalization program has achieved a 3% reduction in our global office footprint (m2) compared to December 31  2021  while our cloud migration program has decommissioned approximately 750 on-premise servers. We have also made progress on the data collection required to measure certain categories of Scope 3 emissions in line with our stated objectives of aligning to the recommendations of the Taskforce on Climate-Related Financial Disclosures (TCFD) and of ultimately setting science-based targets.Share Buyback Program sEarly in the year  we announced a 2022 share buyback program of €600 million  which was later expanded to €1 billion on August 3  2022. In the year to date  through October 31  2022  we have repurchased €756 million in shares (7.7 million shares at an average price of €97.60). A third party mandate is in place to complete the final tranche of €244 million in share buybacks in the period starting November 3  2022  up to and including December 28  2022.Looking ahead to 2023  we have this week signed a third-party mandate to execute up to €100 million in share buybacks for the period starting January 2  2023  up to and including February 20  2023.Assuming global economic conditions do not deteriorate substantially  we continue to believe this level of share buybacks leaves us with ample headroom to support our dividend plans  to sustain organic investment  and to make selective acquisitions. The share repurchases may be suspended  discontinued  or modified at any time. Third party mandates are governed by the limits of relevant laws and regulations (in particular Regulation (EU) 596/2014) and Wolters Kluwer’s Articles of Association. Repurchased shares are added to and held as treasury shares and are either cancelled or held to meet future obligations arising from share-based incentive plans. We remain committed to our anti-dilution policy which aims to offset the dilution caused by our annual incentive share issuance with share repurchases.Share Cancellation 2022On August 31  2022  we cancelled 5.0 million shares that were held in treasury  as approved by shareholders at the AGM in April 2022. Following this cancellation  the number of issued ordinary shares is 257 516 153. As of September 30  2022  252.3 million shares were outstanding and 5.2 million shares were held in treasury.Full-Year 202 2 OutlookWe reiterate our full-year guidance as provided on August 3  2022. See table below. Following clarification of new U.S. tax rules on the capitalization of research and development expenses  we now expect adjusted free cash flow in constant currencies to be near the top of our guided range. We continue to expect organic momentum to slow moderately in the fourth quarter  largely due to challenging comparables.Full-Year 2022 Outlook Performance indicators 2022 Guidance 2021 Actual Adjusted operating profit margin* 26.0%-26.5% 25.3% Adjusted free cash flow €1 025-€1 075 million €1 010 million ROIC* 14%-15% 13.7% Diluted adjusted EPS growth Mid- to high-single-digit growth €3.38 *Guidance for adjusted operating profit margin and ROIC is in reporting currency and assumes an average EUR/USD rate in 2022 of €/$1.05. Guidance for adjusted free cash flow and diluted adjusted EPS is in constant currencies (€/$ 1.18). Guidance reflects share repurchases of €1 billion in 2022.If current exchange rates persist  the U.S. dollar rate will have a positive effect on 2022 results reported in euros. In 2021  Wolters Kluwer generated more than 60% of its revenues and adjusted operating profit in North America. As a rule of thumb  based on our 2021 currency profile  each 1 U.S. cent move in the average €/$ exchange rate for the year causes an opposite change of approximately 2 euro cents in diluted adjusted EPS4.We include restructuring costs in adjusted operating profit. We continue to expect that restructuring costs will be within our normal range of €10-€15 million (FY 2021: €6 million). We continue to expect adjusted net financing costs5 in constant currencies to be approximately €55 million  reflecting higher interest income. In addition  assuming current exchange rates persist  we would expect to incur a (non-cash) foreign exchange loss (in net financing result) of around €30 million on intercompany balances and hedging at year-end.We now expect the benchmark tax rate on adjusted pre-tax profits to be at the lower end of our guided range of 23.0%-24.0% (FY 2021: 21.5%) due to an anticipated one-time release of a provision in the fourth quarter. Capital expenditure is expected to increase year-on-year but to remain within our normal range of 5.0%-6.0% of total revenues (FY 2021: 5.0%). We continue to expect the full-year cash conversion ratio to be in the range of 100%-105% (FY 2021: 112%).Our guidance assumes no additional significant change to the scope of operations. We may make further acquisitions or disposals which can be dilutive to margins  earnings  and ROIC in the near term.2022 Outlook by DivisionHealth: we continue to expect organic growth to slow from 2021 levels (mainly due to the absence of a contract win of the size of the 2021 ASCO deal) and the adjusted operating profit margin to improve.Tax & Accounting: we continue to expect organic growth to accelerate from 2021 levels and the adjusted operating profit margin to improve.Governance  Risk & Compliance: we continue to expect organic growth to slow from 2021 levels  mainly due to an expected decline in transactional revenues in the second half. We expect the adjusted operating profit margin to improve for the full year.Legal & Regulatory: we continue to expect organic growth to improve on 2021 levels. We expect the full-year adjusted operating profit margin to decline modestly due mainly to the absence of a one-off pension amendment recorded in 2021.About Wolters KluwerWolters Kluwer (EURONEXT: WKL) is a global leader in professional information  software solutions  and services for the healthcare; tax and accounting; governance  risk and compliance; and legal and regulatory sectors. We help our customers make critical decisions every day by providing expert solutions that combine deep domain knowledge with technology and services.Wolters Kluwer reported 2021 annual revenues of €4.8 billion. The group serves customers in over 180 countries  maintains operations in over 40 countries  and employs approximately 20 000 people worldwide. The company is headquartered in Alphen aan den Rijn  the Netherlands.Wolters Kluwer shares are listed on Euronext Amsterdam (WKL) and are included in the AEX and Euronext 100 indices. Wolters Kluwer has a sponsored Level 1 American Depositary Receipt (ADR) program. The ADRs are traded on the over-the-counter market in the U.S. (WTKWY).For more information  visit www.wolterskluwer.com  follow us on Twitter  Facebook  LinkedIn  and YouTube.Financial CalendarFebruary 22  2023 Full-Year 2022 ResultsMarch 8  2023 Publication of 2022 Annual ReportMay 3  2023 First-Quarter 2023 Trading UpdateMay 10  2023 Annual General Meeting of ShareholdersMay 12  2023 Ex-dividend date: 2022 final dividendMay 15  2023 Record date: 2022 final dividendJune 6  2023 Payment date: 2022 final dividend ordinary sharesJune 13  2023 Payment date: 2022 final dividend ADRsAugust 2  2023 Half-Year 2023 ResultsAugust 29  2023 Ex-dividend date: 2023 interim dividendAugust 30  2023 Record date: 2023 interim dividendSeptember 21  2023 Payment date: 2023 interim dividendSeptember 28  2023 Payment date: 2023 interim dividend ADRsNovember 1  2023 Nine-Month 2023 Trading UpdateMedia Investors/Analysts Gerbert van Genderen Stort Meg Geldens Corporate Communications Investor Relations t +31 172 641 230 t +31 172 641 407 press@wolterskluwer.com ir@wolterskluwer.comForward-looking Statements and Other Important Legal InformationThis report contains forward-looking statements. These statements may be identified by words such as “expect”  “should”  “could”  “shall” and similar expressions. Wolters Kluwer cautions that such forward-looking statements are qualified by certain risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results and events to differ materially from what is contemplated by the forward-looking statements. Factors which could cause actual results to differ from these forward-looking statements may include  without limitation  general economic conditions; conditions in the markets in which Wolters Kluwer is engaged; conditions created by global pandemics  such as COVID-19; behavior of customers  suppliers  and competitors; technological developments; the implementation and execution of new ICT systems or outsourcing; and legal  tax  and regulatory rules affecting Wolters Kluwer’s businesses  as well as risks related to mergers  acquisitions  and divestments. In addition  financial risks such as currency movements  interest rate fluctuations  liquidity  and credit risks could influence future results. The foregoing list of factors should not be construed as exhaustive. Wolters Kluwer disclaims any intention or obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements  whether as a result of new information  future events or otherwise.Elements of this press release contain or may contain inside information about Wolters Kluwer within the meaning of Article 7(1) of the Market Abuse Regulation (596/2014/EU).Trademarks referenced are owned by Wolters Kluwer N.V. and its subsidiaries and may be registered in various countries.1 PPP = U.S. Paycheck Protection Program of 2020 and 2021. GRC’s Compliance Solutions supported banks in lending under this program.2 EHS/ORM = environmental  health & safety and operational risk management.3 Belonging measures the extent to which employees believe they can bring their authentic selves to work and be accepted for who they are. Belonging and engagement scores are measured by a third party (Microsoft GLINT).4 This rule of thumb excludes the impact of exchange rate movements on intercompany balances  which is accounted for in adjusted net financing costs in reported currencies and determined based on period-end spot rates and balances.5 Adjusted net financing costs include lease interest charges. Guidance for adjusted net financing costs in constant currencies excludes the impact of exchange rate movements on currency hedging and intercompany balances.Attachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.73,0.1,0.17,True,English,"['2022 Nine-Month Trading Update', 'Wolters Kluwer', 'peer-reviewed open access medical journals', 'Nine-month adjusted free cash flow', 'U.S. Corporate Tax unit', 'U.S. Legal Education business', 'The North American Professional Tax', 'Nine-month adjusted operating profit margin', 'stronger U.S. dollar', 'Print book organic revenue growth', 'Group-wide adjusted operating costs', 'cloud-based CCH Axcess platform', 'other ad hoc revenues', 'robust single-digit organic growth', 'high single-digit organic growth', 'Medical research platform', 'Nine-Month Trading Update', 'new customer wins', 'Patient engagement tool', 'ASCO publishing contract', 'IJS Publishing Group', 'premise software licence', 'good subscription renewals', 'internal audit solution', 'journal advertising revenues', 'first nine months', 'drug information solutions', 'other non-recurring revenues', 'cloud software subscriptions', 'strong organic growth', 'favorable currency mix', 'Expert solutions revenues', 'Total print revenues', 'professional information', 'Corporate Performance', 'Regulatory margin', '8% organic growth', '2% organic growth', '10% organic growth', '11% organic growth', '6% organic growth', 'Nine-month revenues', 'Accounting business', 'software solutions', 'print subscriptions', 'high levels', 'CCH Tagetik', 'cloud solution', 'organic basis', 'strong renewals', 'first half', 'Clinical Solutions', 'favorable timing', 'non-recurring factors', 'strong performance', 'print books', 'Wolters Kluwer', 'global leader', 'Full-year 2022 guidance', 'constant currencies', 'EBITDA ratio', 'Share buyback', 'Nancy McKinstry', 'Executive Board', 'challenging comparables', 'economic conditions', 'product innovation', 'talented workforce', 'large extent', 'recent momentum', 'implementation fees', 'Asia Pacific', 'product development', 'third quarter', 'UK-based provider', 'total revenues', 'services revenues', 'strong improvement', 'implementation services', 'transactional revenues', 'full year', 'Accounting Europe', '5% growth', '20% growth', 'EURONEXT', 'WKL', 'scheduled', 'Highlights', 'Digital', 'Net-debt', 'September', 'track', 'year-end', 'mandate', 'January', 'February', 'CEO', 'Chair', 'face', 'impact', 'disposals', 'December', 'acquisitions', 'Governance', 'Risk', 'Compliance', 'GRC', 'decline', 'Rest', 'World', 'progress', 'hiring', 'investment', 'sales', 'marketing', 'Health', 'UpToDate', 'Emmi', 'retention', 'Practice', 'softness', 'surgery', 'continued', 'TeamMate']",2022-11-02,2022-11-03,globenewswire.com
12491,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/bghl-gbp-nav-063000100.html,BGHL (GBP): NAV(s),BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary Shares The Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for...,"BOUSSARD AND GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED (GBP)BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary SharesThe Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for the Company.Close of business 01 Nov 2022.Estimated NAVEuro Shares Sterling Shares Estimated NAV € 28.0663 £ 24.6174 Estimated MTD return -0.29 % -0.29 % Estimated YTD return -3.88 % -2.72 % Estimated ITD return 180.66 % 146.17 %NAV and returns are calculated net of management and performance feesMarket informationEuro Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close € 22.40 N/A Premium/discount to estimated NAV -20.19 % N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close N/A GBX 2 000.00 Premium/discount to estimated NAV N/A -18.76 %Transactions in own securities purchased into treasuryOrdinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares 1 400 N/A Average Price € 22.60 N/A Range of Price N/A N/ALiquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/ABGHL CapitalBGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Shares Outstanding 12 311 714 130 254 Held in treasury 4 874 N/A Shares Issued 12 316 588 130 254Estimated BG Fund NAVClass B Euro Shares (estimated) € 245.0523 Class GBP A Shares (estimated) £ 131.3159The Class B Euro Shares of BG Fund are not subject to investment manager fees  as the Investment Manager receives management fees and performance fees in respect of its role as Investment Manager of BGHL.Story continuesFor further information please contact:Boussard & Gavaudan Investment Management  LLP.Emmanuel Gavaudan +44 (0) 20 3751 5389 Email : info@bgam-uk.comThe Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has received the necessary approval of the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and the States of Guernsey Policy Council. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.This is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Neither the Company nor BG Fund ICAV has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that:all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results;the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; andif you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.Attachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.16,0.18,0.67,True,English,"['BGHL', 'GBP', 'NAV', 'A Liquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares', 'The Class B Euro Shares', 'GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary Shares', 'BGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares', 'Class GBP A Shares', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam', 'A N/A Average Price', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'Sterling Shares Shares', 'Euro Shares Amsterdam', 'US Investment Company Act', 'expert financial advice', 'Guernsey Policy Council', 'collective investment scheme', 'UK Listing Authority', 'other professional advice', 'BG Fund ICAV', 'Gavaudan Investment Management', 'closed-ended investment company', 'US Securities Act', 'investment manager fees', 'N/A Shares', 'BG Fund NAV', 'A Range', 'The Shares', 'Dutch Authority', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'US persons', 'Financial Markets', 'The Directors', 'The Company', 'investment performance', 'original investment', 'investment decision', 'performance fees', 'BGHL Capital', 'management fees', 'MTD return', 'YTD return', 'ITD return', 'financieel toezicht', 'Official List', 'applicable law', 'public offering', 'other jurisdiction', 'United States', 'following information', 'information purposes', 'necessary approval', 'main market', 'future results', 'listed securities', 'Market information', 'BOUSSARD', 'business', 'returns', 'AEX', 'LSE', 'Transactions', 'treasury', 'Number', 'respect', 'role', 'Story', 'LLP.', 'Email', 'article', 'conjunction', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', 'mind', 'risk', 'past', 'guarantee', 'doubt', 'contents', 'communication', 'substitute', 'Attachment']",2022-11-02,2022-11-03,finance.yahoo.com
12492,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/bghl-euro-nav-share-buy-063000582.html,BGHL Euro NAV & Share buy back,BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary Shares The Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for...,"BOUSSARD AND GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED (EUR)BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary SharesThe Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for the Company.Close of business 01 Nov 2022.Estimated NAVEuro Shares Sterling Shares Estimated NAV € 28.0663 £ 24.6174 Estimated MTD return -0.29 % -0.29 % Estimated YTD return -3.88 % -2.72 % Estimated ITD return 180.66 % 146.17 %NAV and returns are calculated net of management and performance feesMarket informationEuro Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close € 22.40 N/A Premium/discount to estimated NAV -20.19 % N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close N/A GBX 2 000.00 Premium/discount to estimated NAV N/A -18.76 %Transactions in own securities purchased into treasuryOrdinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares 1 400 N/A Average Price € 22.60 N/A Range of Price N/A N/ALiquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/ABGHL CapitalBGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Shares Outstanding 12 311 714 130 254 Held in treasury 4 874 N/A Shares Issued 12 316 588 130 254Estimated BG Fund NAVClass B Euro Shares (estimated) € 245.0523 Class GBP A Shares (estimated) £ 131.3159The Class B Euro Shares of BG Fund are not subject to investment manager fees  as the Investment Manager receives management fees and performance fees in respect of its role as Investment Manager of BGHL.Story continuesFor further information please contact:Boussard & Gavaudan Investment Management  LLP.Emmanuel Gavaudan +44 (0) 20 3751 5389 Email : info@bgam-uk.comThe Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has received the necessary approval of the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and the States of Guernsey Policy Council. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.This is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Neither the Company nor BG Fund ICAV has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that:all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results;the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; andif you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.Attachment",neutral,0.05,0.95,0.0,mixed,0.16,0.18,0.67,True,English,"['BGHL Euro NAV', 'Share', 'A Liquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares', 'The Class B Euro Shares', 'BGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares', 'Class GBP A Shares', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam', 'A N/A Average Price', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'Sterling Shares Shares', 'Euro Shares Amsterdam', 'US Investment Company Act', 'GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED', 'expert financial advice', 'Guernsey Policy Council', 'collective investment scheme', 'UK Listing Authority', 'other professional advice', 'BG Fund ICAV', 'closed-ended investment company', 'US Securities Act', 'Gavaudan Investment Management', 'investment manager fees', 'BG Fund NAV', 'N/A Shares', 'A Range', 'The Shares', 'Dutch Authority', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'US persons', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'Financial Markets', 'The Directors', 'The Company', 'investment performance', 'original investment', 'investment decision', 'performance fees', 'BGHL Capital', 'management fees', 'MTD return', 'YTD return', 'ITD return', 'financieel toezicht', 'Official List', 'applicable law', 'public offering', 'other jurisdiction', 'United States', 'following information', 'information purposes', 'necessary approval', 'main market', 'future results', 'listed securities', 'Market information', 'BOUSSARD', 'business', 'returns', 'AEX', 'LSE', 'Transactions', 'treasury', 'Number', 'respect', 'role', 'Story', 'LLP.', 'Email', 'article', 'conjunction', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', 'mind', 'risk', 'past', 'guarantee', 'doubt', 'contents', 'communication', 'substitute', 'Attachment']",2022-11-02,2022-11-03,finance.yahoo.com
12493,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2022/11/02/2546156/0/en/VEON-Ltd-announces-it-is-conducting-a-sales-process-for-its-Russian-operations.html,VEON Ltd. announces it is conducting a sales process for its Russian operations,Amsterdam  02 November 2022 07:00 – VEON Ltd. (NASDAQ: VEON  Euronext Amsterdam: VEON)  a global digital operator that provides converged connectivity and online services  today announces that it is conducting a competitive sales process in relation to its Ru…,Amsterdam  02 November 2022 07:00 – VEON Ltd. (NASDAQ: VEON  Euronext Amsterdam: VEON)  a global digital operator that provides converged connectivity and online services  today announces that it is conducting a competitive sales process in relation to its Russian operations.VEON’s management is currently exploring options in an effort to ensure that an optimal outcome is achieved for all relevant stakeholders  including VEON  its Russian operations  its shareholders  its creditors  its customers and its employees working both in and outside of Russia.Important NoticeElements of this press release contain or may contain “inside information” as defined under the Market Abuse Regulation (EU) No. 596/2014.DisclaimerThis release contains “forward-looking statements ” as the phrase is defined in Section 27A of the U.S. Securities Act of 1933  as amended  and Section 21E of the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934  as amended. Forward-looking statements are not historical facts  and include statements relating to  among other things  VEON’s intent to proceed with and conclude a sales process with respect to its Russian operations. Forward-looking statements are inherently subject to risks and uncertainties  many of which VEON cannot predict with accuracy and some of which VEON might not even anticipate. The forward-looking statements contained in this release speak only as of the date of this release. VEON disclaims any obligation to update them or to announce publicly any revision to any of the forward-looking statements contained in this release  or to make corrections to reflect future events or developments.There can be no assurance that the sales process mentioned above will result in an acceptable offer or  even if an acceptable offer is obtained and results in an acquisition agreement being reached  that the requisite approvals will be received.As of today  VEON has not committed to anything with regards to its Russian operations  nor can it be certain that any of the options that may be considered will be completed  or the terms of any such option or potential sale would receive required Board  regulatory and any necessary creditor approvals.About VEONVEON is a global digital operator that provides converged connectivity and online services to over 200 million customers in seven high-growth markets. We are transforming people’s lives  empowering individuals  creating opportunities for greater digital inclusion and driving economic growth across countries that are home to more than 8% of the world’s population. Headquartered in Amsterdam  VEON is listed on NASDAQ and Euronext.For more information visit: https://www.veon.com .,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.15,0.13,0.72,True,English,"['VEON Ltd.', 'sales process', 'Russian operations', 'U.S. Securities Exchange Act', 'U.S. Securities Act', 'global digital operator', 'Market Abuse Regulation', 'seven high-growth markets', 'greater digital inclusion', 'necessary creditor approvals', 'competitive sales process', 'requisite approvals', 'converged connectivity', 'online services', 'Russian operations', 'optimal outcome', 'relevant stakeholders', 'Important Notice', 'historical facts', 'other things', 'future events', 'acceptable offer', 'acquisition agreement', 'potential sale', 'required Board', 'economic growth', 'forward-looking statements', 'inside information', '200 million customers', 'press release', 'VEON Ltd.', 'Euronext Amsterdam', '02 November', 'NASDAQ', 'relation', 'management', 'options', 'effort', 'shareholders', 'creditors', 'employees', 'Elements', 'Disclaimer', 'phrase', 'Section', 'intent', 'respect', 'risks', 'uncertainties', 'accuracy', 'date', 'obligation', 'revision', 'corrections', 'developments', 'assurance', 'results', 'today', 'regards', 'terms', 'regulatory', 'people', 'lives', 'individuals', 'opportunities', 'countries', 'world', 'population']",2022-11-02,2022-11-03,globenewswire.com
12494,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.co.uk/news-releases/pharming-to-present-at-stifel-healthcare-conference-301665180.html,Pharming to present at Stifel Healthcare Conference,"LEIDEN  Netherlands  Nov. 2  2022 /PRNewswire/ -- Pharming Group N.V. (""Pharming"") (Euronext Amsterdam: PHARM) (NASDAQ: PHAR) announces that its Chief Financial Officer  Jeroen Wakkerman  will present at the Stifel Healthcare Conference in New York  November …","LEIDEN  Netherlands  Nov. 2  2022 /PRNewswire/ -- Pharming Group N.V. (""Pharming"") (Euronext Amsterdam: PHARM) (NASDAQ: PHAR) announces that its Chief Financial Officer  Jeroen Wakkerman  will present at the Stifel Healthcare Conference in New York  November 15-16  2022.Pharming Group N.V.'s CFO will present on Tuesday  November 15 at 08:00 ET / 14:00 CET.The Stifel Healthcare Conference provides investors with high-level access to senior management and industry experts  showcases dynamic companies  and investigates trends that are driving the healthcare industry.For more information about the conference  or to schedule a one-to-one with Pharming's management team  please contact your Stifel representative  or send an email to Pharming's Investor Relations team to investor@pharming.com.About Pharming Group N.V.Pharming Group N.V. (EURONEXT Amsterdam: PHARM) (NASDAQ: PHAR) is a global biopharmaceutical company dedicated to transforming the lives of patients with rare  debilitating  and life-threatening diseases. Pharming is commercializing and developing an innovative portfolio of protein replacement therapies and precision medicines  including small molecules  biologics  and gene therapies that are in early to late-stage development. Pharming is headquartered in Leiden  Netherlands  and has employees around the globe who serve patients in over 30 markets in North America  Europe  the Middle East  Africa  and Asia-Pacific. For more information  visit www.pharming.com or follow us on LinkedIn.For further public information  contact:Pharming Group  Leiden  The NetherlandsHeather Robertson  Investor Relations & Corporate Communications Manager:T: +31 71 5247 400E: investor@pharming.comFTI Consulting  London  UKVictoria Foster Mitchell/Alex ShawT: +44 203 727 1000FTI Consulting  USAJim PolsonT: +1 (312) 553-6730LifeSpring Life Sciences Communication  Amsterdam  The NetherlandsLeon MelensT: +31 6 53 81 64 27E: pharming@lifespring.nlLogo - https://mma.prnewswire.com/media/1778344/Pharming_Group_NV_Logo.jpgSOURCE Pharming Group N.V.",neutral,0.05,0.95,0.0,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['Stifel Healthcare Conference', 'Pharming', 'SOURCE Pharming Group N.V.', 'LifeSpring Life Sciences Communication', 'The Stifel Healthcare Conference', 'Chief Financial Officer', 'global biopharmaceutical company', 'Corporate Communications Manager', 'Victoria Foster Mitchell', 'Jim Polson T', 'Leon Melens T', 'protein replacement therapies', 'Investor Relations team', 'healthcare industry', 'Stifel representative', 'management team', 'gene therapies', 'The Netherlands', 'Jeroen Wakkerman', 'New York', 'high-level access', 'senior management', 'industry experts', 'dynamic companies', 'life-threatening diseases', 'innovative portfolio', 'precision medicines', 'small molecules', 'early to', 'late-stage development', 'North America', 'Middle East', 'Heather Robertson', 'FTI Consulting', 'Alex Shaw', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'public information', 'LEIDEN', 'NASDAQ', 'CFO', 'Tuesday', 'November', '14:00 CET', 'investors', 'trends', 'email', 'lives', 'patients', 'biologics', 'employees', 'globe', '30 markets', 'Europe', 'Africa', 'Asia-Pacific', 'LinkedIn', 'London', 'UK', 'USA', 'Logo', 'prnewswire', '08:00']",2022-11-02,2022-11-03,prnewswire.co.uk
12495,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2022/11/02/2546885/0/en/Voltalia-builds-a-12-1-megawatt-solar-power-plant-in-the-Grand-Est-region.html,Voltalia builds a 12.1 megawatt solar power plant in the Grand-Est region,Voltalia (Euronext Paris  ISIN code: FR0011995588)  an international player in renewable energy  is continuing its growth in the Grand-Est region of France by building its new 12.1 megawatt solar power plant in Logelbach.,English FrenchVoltalia (Euronext Paris  ISIN code: FR0011995588)  an international player in renewable energy  is continuing its growth in the Grand-Est region of France by building its new 12.1 megawatt solar power plant in Logelbach.Located in the municipality of Wintzenheim in the European Collectivity of Alsace  the Logelbach solar power plant covers 12 hectares and has 21 384 solar panels.The Grand-Est region is a historic territory for Voltalia  with wind farms in operation  Molinons and Sarry  and under construction: Sud Vannier.When it is commissioned in the second half of 2023  the production of the future photovoltaic power plant in Logelbach will cover the electricity consumption of about 6 000 inhabitants  contributing to France's energy autonomy as well as the fight against global warming.“The launch of the construction of this new power plant follows shortly after the start of construction of the Rives Charentaises  Sud Vannier and Montclar wind and solar farms  in addition to the numerous solar roofing projects on industrial  commercial and agricultural buildings carried out by our subsidiary Helexia. In total  almost 83 megawatts of new electricity capacity is being added in France  equivalent to the electricity consumption of about 57 000 people. In this way  we are helping to minimise the energy crisis that is hitting France and the rest of Europe hard ” said Sébastien Clerc  CEO of Voltalia.Next on the agenda: Q4 2022 revenues on January 25  2022 (after market close)About Voltalia (www.voltalia.com) Voltalia is an international player in the renewable energy sector. The Group produces and sells electricity generated from wind  solar  hydraulic  biomass and storage facilities that it owns and operates. Voltalia has generating capacity in operation and under construction of more than 2 4 GW and a portfolio of projects under development representing total capacity of 13.6 GW.Voltalia is also a service provider and supports its investor clients in renewable energy projects during all phases  from design to operation and maintenance. As a pioneer in the corporate market  Voltalia provides a global offer to private companies  ranging from the supply of green electricity and energy efficiency services to the local production of their own electricity.The Group has more than 1 450 employees and is present in 20 countries on 3 continents and is able to act worldwide on behalf of its clients.Voltalia is listed on the regulated market of Euronext Paris  compartment B (FR0011995588 – VLTSA) and is part of the Enternext Tech 40 and CAC Mid & Small indices. The Group is also included in the Gaïa-Index  an index for socially responsible midcaps. Loan Duong  Head of Communications & Investor relationsEmail: invest@voltalia.comT. +33 (0)1 81 70 37 00 ActifinPress Contact: Jennifer Julliajjullia@actifin.fr . T. +33 (0)1 56 88 11 11Attachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.01,0.99,True,English,"['12.1 megawatt solar power plant', 'Grand-Est region', 'Voltalia', 'new 12.1 megawatt solar power plant', 'future photovoltaic power plant', 'numerous solar roofing projects', 'Logelbach solar power plant', 'new power plant', 'Sébastien Clerc', 'energy efficiency services', 'renewable energy sector', 'new electricity capacity', 'renewable energy projects', 'The Grand-Est region', '21,384 solar panels', 'solar farms', 'energy autonomy', 'energy crisis', 'generating capacity', 'The Group', 'English French', 'Euronext Paris', 'ISIN code', 'international player', 'European Collectivity', 'historic territory', 'wind farms', 'Sud Vannier', 'second half', 'global warming', 'Rives Charentaises', 'Montclar wind', 'agricultural buildings', 'subsidiary Helexia', 'Q4 2022 revenues', 'hydraulic, biomass', 'storage facilities', 'service provider', 'global offer', 'private companies', 'Enternext Tech', 'CAC Mid', 'Small indices', 'Gaïa-Index', 'responsible midcaps', 'Loan Duong', 'Investor relations', 'Press Contact', 'Jennifer Jullia', 'total capacity', 'electricity consumption', 'green electricity', 'corporate market', 'regulated market', 'investor clients', 'local production', 'Voltalia', 'growth', 'France', 'municipality', 'Wintzenheim', 'Alsace', '12 hectares', 'operation', 'Molinons', 'Sarry', 'construction', '6,000 inhabitants', 'fight', 'launch', 'start', 'addition', 'commercial', '83 megawatts', '57,000 people', 'way', 'rest', 'CEO', 'agenda', 'January', '2,4 GW', 'portfolio', 'development', '13.6 GW', 'phases', 'design', 'maintenance', 'pioneer', 'supply', '1,450 employees', '20 countries', '3 continents', 'behalf', 'compartment', 'VLTSA', 'socially', 'Head', 'Communications', 'Email', 'T.', 'Attachment']",2022-11-02,2022-11-03,globenewswire.com
12496,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/mcphy-energy-launch-mcphy-gigafactory-064500595.html,McPhy Energy : The launch of the McPhy’s Gigafactory on the Belfort site,Industrial set-up dedicated to electrolyzers without equivalent in Europe;Commissioning is scheduled for the 1st half of 2024  with a gradual ramp-up to...,"MCPHY ENERGY SAIndustrial set-up dedicated to electrolyzers without equivalent in Europe;Commissioning is scheduled for the 1 st half of 2024  with a gradual ramp-up to reach an annual production capacity of 1 GW;Final decision of investment taken by the Board of Directors of McPhy;Public aid contract signed with Bpifrance to a maximum amount of 114 million euros  with a1 st payment of 28.5 million euros;Induced acceleration of development investments and expenses with an impact on the financial performance of the second half of 2022.Grenoble  France  November 2  2022 at 7:45 a.m. CET - McPhy Energy  specialized in low-carbon hydrogen production and distribution equipment (electrolyzers and refueling stations)  announces the final decision of investment for its Gigafactory of electrolyzers on the Belfort site by its Board of Directors on October 26. This approval was followed by the signing with Bpifrance of the contract on the state aid by the French government  up to 114 million euros for the Gigafactory within the framework of the PIIEC scheme1. The eligibility of the McPhy's project to this scheme was approved by the European Commission last July.Jean-Baptiste Lucas  Chief Executive Officer of McPhy  commented: ""We are very pleased with the decision of our Board of Directors  which is a positive conclusion to the various favorable notices we have recently received about our Gigafactory project. This Gigafactory will be a decisive tool in the development and design of large-scale electrolyzers  which are essential for the use of green hydrogen in ambitious decarbonization projects for industry and heavy mobility. We will soon have an industrial set-up capable of mass-producing a wide range of electrolyzers on a continental scale  that is unmatched by any other player in decarbonized electrolysis in Europe.""Antoine Ressicaud  Chief Operating Officer of McPhy  says: “This is an inspiring project for the entire McPhy team  with 20 000 sqm dedicated to the manufacture and testing of multi-MW electrolyzers. Our desire is to implement the highest standards of industrial performance on this Belfort facility  through an ambitious social and environmental approach.”Story continuesThe commissioning of the future plant on the Belfort site is scheduled from the 1st half of 2024  with a gradual ramp-up aimed at reaching an annual production capacity of 1 GW. The McPhy Group will then have a total annual production capacity of 1.3 GW2  including the capacity of the San Miniato site in Italy  in line with the growth prospects of the green hydrogen markets  particularly in industry.A phased public aid with an initial payment from Bpifrance of 28.5 million euros by the end of 2022The contract signed with Bpifrance provides for the terms and conditions for the implementation of the public aid. McPhy will receive by December 31  2022 an initial payment of 28.5 million euros. Subsequent payments will take the form of reimbursements of expenses incurred  pursuant to the terms of the contract  following the satisfactory achievement of defined milestones  for a total amount  including the initial payment  of up to 114 million euros.A strategic tool for McPhy's technological and industrial ambitionsWith this Gigafactory  McPhy is pursuing 3 objectives:Innovation : through the development of new generation alkaline electrolyzers  in terms of size  components and integration within modules;Industrialization : with large-scale production to meet the needs of the European market in particular  to contribute to the decarbonization of industry  mobility and energy;Collaboration: with numerous partners of the Hydrogen ecosystem in Europe and the dissemination of knowledge with academic  industrial and research stakeholders.The future plant in Belfort will host new developments and production of the large electrolyzers in the ""Augmented McLyzer"" range  a real technological breakthrough  enabling 20  100 MW and beyond (GW) architectures to be equipped with an output pressure of 30 bar. This large-scale R&D and industrialization effort will provide the industry with equipment capable of producing hydrogen from renewable energies at a cost that is competitive compared to alternatives using carbon energy.The Gigafactory will further strengthen the McPhy's industrial set-up with  on one hand  the electrolyzers with the ongoing automation of the San Miniato site  dedicated to the production of electrolyzers of up to 1 MW capacity and  on the other hand  the stations  on the brand-new site in Grenoble.Concurrently  Belfort's location at the crossroads of many European countries  with a genuine research and development ecosystem dedicated to innovation and hydrogen  will foster the multiplication of potential industrial and commercial partnerships.Acceleration of development investments and expenses from the second half of 2022The beginning of the construction and the purchase of the land will result in a cash outflow related to the Gigafactory of 9 million euros by the end of the year. In addition  and as previously indicated  McPhy intends to make further investments in order to be able to meet the growing demand for large-scale equipment and facilities  by increasing its R&D resources and by strengthening its project and service teams. These efforts  which are being implemented now  will result in additional expenses in the second half of 2022 and are expected to lead the year-end cash position to a level comparable to the end of the first half  taking into account the Gigafactory-related Bpifrance initial payment and cash outflows.About McPhySpecialized in hydrogen production and distribution equipment  McPhy is contributing to the global deployment of low-carbon hydrogen as a solution for energy transition. With its complete range of products dedicated to the industrial  mobility and energy sectors  McPhy offers its customers turnkey solutions adapted to their applications in industrial raw material supply  recharging of fuel cell electric vehicles or storage and recovery of electricity surplus based on renewable sources. As designer  manufacturer and integrator of hydrogen equipment since 2008  McPhy has three development  engineering and production centers in Europe (France  Italy  Germany). Its international subsidiaries provide broad commercial coverage for its innovative hydrogen solutions. McPhy is listed on Euronext Paris (compartment B  ISIN code: FR0011742329  MCPHY).CONTACTSNewCap Investor RelationsEmmanuel HuynhT. +33 (0)1 44 71 94 99mcphy@newcap.eu Press RelationsNicolas MerigeauT. +33 (0)1 44 71 94 98Gaëlle FromaigeatT.+33 (0)1 44 71 98 52mcphy@newcap.eu1 PIIEC (""Projet Important d’Intérêt Européen Commun "") or IPCEI (""Important Project of Common European Interest"") is a financing system that supports projects deemed essential for Europe's competitiveness  authorizing Member States to finance initiatives beyond the limits usually set by European regulations. A PIIEC or IPCEI Hydrogen was launched on December 17  2020.2 Annual production capacity of the Belfort site of 1 GW  in addition to the 300 MW production capacity of the McPhy site in San Miniato  Italy.Attachment",neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.57,0.11,0.32,True,English,"['Belfort site', 'McPhy Energy', 'launch', 'Gigafactory', 'new generation alkaline electrolyzers', 'total annual production capacity', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'various favorable notices', 'Chief Operating Officer', 'Augmented McLyzer"" range', 'San Miniato site', 'large-scale R&D', 'many European countries', 'real technological breakthrough', 'entire McPhy team', 'ambitious decarbonization projects', 'green hydrogen markets', 'low-carbon hydrogen production', 'The McPhy Group', 'MCPHY ENERGY SA', 'Public aid contract', 'total amount', 'new developments', 'large-scale production', 'wide range', 'ambitious social', 'brand-new site', 'European Commission', 'European market', 'state aid', '1 MW capacity', '1 st half', 'gradual ramp-up', 'maximum amount', '1 st payment', 'financial performance', 'second half', 'Belfort site', 'French government', 'Jean-Baptiste Lucas', 'positive conclusion', 'decisive tool', 'continental scale', 'other player', 'decarbonized electrolysis', 'Antoine Ressicaud', 'highest standards', 'environmental approach', 'future plant', '1st half', 'growth prospects', 'initial payment', 'Subsequent payments', 'satisfactory achievement', 'strategic tool', 'numerous partners', 'Hydrogen ecosystem', 'research stakeholders', 'output pressure', 'renewable energies', 'carbon energy', 'one hand', 'ongoing automation', 'other hand', 'genuine research', 'commercial partnerships', 'cash outflow', 'large-scale electrolyzers', 'The Gigafactory', 'Industrial set-up', '114 million euros', 'industrial performance', '28.5 million euros', 'industrial ambitions', 'potential industrial', '9 million euros', 'Final decision', 'inspiring project', 'development investments', 'multi-MW electrolyzers', 'Belfort facility', 'large electrolyzers', 'development ecosystem', 'distribution equipment', 'refueling stations', 'PIIEC scheme', 'heavy mobility', 'industrialization effort', 'This Gigafactory', 'GW) architectures', 'Gigafactory project', '100 MW', '1 GW', '1.3 GW', 'equivalent', 'Commissioning', 'Board', 'Directors', 'Bpifrance', 'acceleration', 'expenses', 'impact', 'Grenoble', 'November', '7:45 a', 'CET', 'October', 'approval', 'signing', 'framework', 'eligibility', 'design', 'use', 'industry', '20,000 sqm', 'manufacture', 'testing', 'desire', 'Story', 'Italy', 'end', 'terms', 'conditions', 'implementation', 'December', 'reimbursements', 'milestones', '3 objectives', 'Innovation', 'size', 'components', 'integration', 'modules', 'needs', 'Collaboration', 'dissemination', 'knowledge', '30 bar', 'cost', 'alternatives', 'location', 'crossroads', 'multiplication', 'beginning', 'construction', 'purchase', 'land', 'year', 'addition', 'previousl']",2022-11-02,2022-11-03,finance.yahoo.com
12497,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2022/11/02/2546900/0/en/AMG-Advanced-Metallurgical-Group-N-V-Nominates-its-CEO-and-Supervisory-Board-Members-for-Reappointment-when-their-Current-Terms-End-in-May-2023.html,AMG Advanced Metallurgical Group N.V. Nominates its CEO and Supervisory Board Members for Reappointment when their Current Terms End in May 2023,Amsterdam  2 November 2022 (Regulated Information) --- The Supervisory Board of AMG Advanced Metallurgical Group N.V. (“AMG”  EURONEXT AMSTERDAM: “AMG”) resolved during its meeting on November 2  2022  to propose to the General Meeting of Shareholders to nomi…,Amsterdam  2 November 2022 (Regulated Information) --- The Supervisory Board of AMG Advanced Metallurgical Group N.V. (“AMG”  EURONEXT AMSTERDAM: “AMG”) resolved during its meeting on November 2  2022  to propose to the General Meeting of Shareholders to nominate Dr. Heinz Schimmelbusch for reappointment as CEO for an additional term of two years when his current term expires in 2023.Supervisory Board CompositionAt the Annual General Meeting (“AGM”) in May 2023  Professor Steve Hanke  Chairman of the Supervisory Board  will have served ten years on the Supervisory Board when his current term ends; Mr. Herb Depp  Chair of the Remuneration Committee  will have served ten years on the Supervisory Board when his current term ends; and Ms. Dagmar Bottenbruch  a member of the Remuneration Committee  will have served four years on the Supervisory Board when her current term ends. The Board is very pleased that all three members have agreed to continue to serve on the Supervisory Board given the current and very important phase of the Company’s strategic development. The Supervisory Board will nominate Professor Hanke  who has been a critical partner of the CEO in setting and implementing the highly successful strategic direction the Company  for a final term of two years  for reappointment by the General Meeting of Shareholders as independent member of the Supervisory Board at the 2023 AGM. In addition  the Supervisory Board will nominate for reappointment by the General Meeting of Shareholders Mr. Herb Depp and Ms. Dagmar Bottenbruch as independent members of the Supervisory Board for terms of respectively two years and final term (Mr. Depp)  and four years (Ms. Bottenbruch) at the 2023 AGM.Management Board CompositionThe term of AMG’s CEO  Dr. Heinz Schimmelbusch  will end in May 2023. As extensively explained at earlier occasions  the Supervisory Board highly values the vision and leadership of Dr. Schimmelbusch and concluded that it was of the utmost importance that AMG continues to secure his leadership for the coming years as CEO and Chairman of the Management Board  in view of the critical and transformational phase of the Company’s highly successful lithium and vanadium activities  that were pioneered under his leadership and serve as the cornerstone of the Company’s long-term value creation strategy.The Supervisory Board is extremely pleased that Dr. Schimmelbusch has agreed to be available for an extension of his term on the Management Board  if and when appointed  for two years in order to drive the growth and strategic agenda of the Company.This press release contains inside information within the meaning of Article 7(1) of the EU Market Abuse Regulation.This press release contains regulated information as defined in the Dutch Financial Markets Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht).About AMGAMG is a global critical materials company at the forefront of CO 2 reduction trends. AMG produces highly engineered specialty metals and mineral products and provides related vacuum furnace systems and services to the transportation  infrastructure  energy  and specialty metals & chemicals end markets.AMG Clean Energy Materials segment combines AMG’s recycling and mining operations  producing materials for infrastructure and energy storage solutions while reducing the CO 2 footprint of both suppliers and customers. AMG Clean Energy Materials segment spans the vanadium  lithium  and tantalum value chains. AMG Critical Materials Technologies segment combines AMG’s leading vacuum furnace technology line with high-purity materials serving global leaders in the aerospace sector. AMG Critical Minerals segment consists of AMG’s mineral processing operations in antimony  graphite  and silicon metal.With approximately 3 300 employees  AMG operates globally with production facilities in Germany  the United Kingdom  France  the United States  China  Mexico  Brazil  India  Sri Lanka  and Mozambique  and has sales and customer service offices in Japan (www.amg-nv.com).For further information  please contact:AMG Advanced Metallurgical Group N.V. +1 610 975 4979Michele Fischermfischer@amg-nv.comDisclaimerCertain statements in this press release are not historical facts and are “forward looking.” Forward looking statements include statements concerning AMG’s plans  expectations  projections  objectives  targets  goals  strategies  future events  future revenues or performance  capital expenditures  financing needs  plans and intentions relating to acquisitions  AMG’s competitive strengths and weaknesses  plans or goals relating to forecasted production  reserves  financial position and future operations and development  AMG’s business strategy and the trends AMG anticipates in the industries and the political and legal environment in which it operates and other information that is not historical information. When used in this press release  the words “expects ” “believes ” “anticipates ” “plans ” “may ” “will ” “should ” and similar expressions  and the negatives thereof  are intended to identify forward looking statements. By their very nature  forward-looking statements involve inherent risks and uncertainties  both general and specific  and risks exist that the predictions  forecasts  projections and other forward-looking statements will not be achieved. These forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this press release. AMG expressly disclaims any obligation or undertaking to release publicly any updates or revisions to any forward-looking statement contained herein to reflect any change in AMG's expectations with regard thereto or any change in events  conditions  or circumstances on which any forward-looking statement is based.Attachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.45,0.06,0.49,True,English,"['AMG Advanced Metallurgical Group N.V.', 'Supervisory Board Members', 'Current Terms', 'CEO', 'Reappointment', 'May', 'AMG Advanced Metallurgical Group N.V.', 'leading vacuum furnace technology line', 'Dutch Financial Markets Supervision Act', 'AMG Clean Energy Materials segment', 'AMG Critical Materials Technologies segment', 'related vacuum furnace systems', 'EU Market Abuse Regulation', 'long-term value creation strategy', 'AMG Critical Minerals segment', 'chemicals end markets', 'energy storage solutions', 'tantalum value chains', 'customer service offices', 'Mr. Herb Depp', 'Ms. Dagmar Bottenbruch', 'Dr. Heinz Schimmelbusch', 'Professor Steve Hanke', 'successful strategic direction', 'mineral processing operations', 'critical materials company', 'Forward looking statements', 'Management Board Composition', 'CO 2 reduction trends', 'Supervisory Board Composition', 'Annual General Meeting', 'The Supervisory Board', 'high-purity materials', 'financial position', 'Mr. Depp', 'Ms. Bottenbruch', 'Professor Hanke', 'critical partner', 'Dr. Schimmelbusch', 'business strategy', 'The Board', 'mineral products', 'CO 2 footprint', 'strategic agenda', 'mining operations', 'future operations', 'two years', 'ten years', 'Remuneration Committee', 'four years', 'three members', 'important phase', 'independent members', 'earlier occasions', 'coming years', 'transformational phase', 'successful lithium', 'press release', 'specialty metals', 'aerospace sector', 'silicon metal', 'United Kingdom', 'United States', 'Sri Lanka', 'Michele Fischer', 'historical facts', 'future events', 'future revenues', 'capital expenditures', 'financing needs', 'competitive strengths', 'legal environment', 'similar expressions', 'strategic development', 'additional term', 'final term', 'Regulated Information', 'other information', 'historical information', 'current term', 'EURONEXT AMSTERDAM', 'vanadium activities', 'global leaders', 'production facilities', 'November', 'Shareholders', 'reappointment', 'CEO', 'May', 'Chairman', '2023 AGM', 'terms', 'leadership', 'importance', 'view', 'cornerstone', 'extension', 'order', 'growth', 'meaning', 'Article', 'financieel', 'forefront', 'services', 'transportation', 'infrastructure', 'recycling', 'suppliers', 'customers', 'antimony', 'graphite', '3,300 employees', 'Germany', 'France', 'China', 'Mexico', 'Brazil', 'India', 'Mozambique', 'sales', 'Japan', 'mfischer', 'Disclaimer', 'plans', 'expectations', 'projections', 'objectives', 'targets', 'goals', 'strategies', 'performance', 'intentions', 'acquisitions', 'weaknesses', 'reserves', 'industries', 'political', 'words', 'expects', 'believes', 'negatives']",2022-11-02,2022-11-03,globenewswire.com
12498,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20221101006266/en/Sun-Capital-Partners-Affiliate-Agrees-to-Sell-Allied-Glass,Sun Capital Partners Affiliate Agrees to Sell Allied Glass,BOCA RATON  Fla.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Sun Capital Partners  Inc. (“Sun Capital”)  a leading private investment firm focused on defensible businesses in growing markets with tangible performance improvement opportunities  today announced that an affiliate has sig…,BOCA RATON  Fla.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Sun Capital Partners  Inc. (“Sun Capital”)  a leading private investment firm focused on defensible businesses in growing markets with tangible performance improvement opportunities  today announced that an affiliate has signed a definitive agreement to sell Allied Glass (“the Company” or “Allied”) to Verallia Group (“Verallia”) (ENXTPA: VRLA)  the third largest producer of glass packaging for beverages and food products globally  headquartered in France  for a total enterprise value of £315 million. The sale of Allied will mark the first Fund VII exit. Sun Capital was advised by its European affiliate  Sun European Partners  LLP  in connection with this transaction.Established in 1874 and headquartered in Leeds  UK  Allied is the leading UK-based manufacturer of glass packaging containers for the premium spirits  food and drinks markets. It specializes in shorter production runs for bespoke premium bottles which are manufactured to order.“Allied is an outstanding business with an exceptional management team. Since 2019  we have worked with management to execute on several operational improvement opportunities  including ESG-friendly product innovation  SKU reporting and a significant CapEx program enhancing plant utilization ” said Paul Daccus  Managing Director of Sun European Partners. “Our work with Allied Glass underlines Sun Capital’s commitment to partnering with outstanding management teams to drive value creation. This sale has allowed us to achieve a very successful outcome for the Company and our investors  and we’re confident that Allied Glass will continue to go from strength to strength as part of Verallia  a global leader in glass manufacturing.”Since an affiliate of Sun Capital acquired Allied in December 2019  value creation was accelerated through product innovation  and increasing recycled content in glass production  bolstering the ESG profile. The Company also introduced activity-based  product level costing platforms to enhance commercial and operational decision making and cost savings. Furthermore  a capex program for a new facility increased capacity and manufacturing efficiency. Each of these initiatives expanded the company’s market share and profitability  growing EBITDA significantly.“Our partnership with the Sun European team has been a great success and today Allied Glass is a market leader in its field  with impressive technical capability and a flexible  customer-focused approach ” said Alan Henderson  CEO of Allied Glass. “Our shared values and focus on delivering a customer-first strategy  combined with Sun European’s operational knowledge and deep manufacturing expertise  have allowed us to transform and grow the business over the last 2-3 years and create further value through innovation and internal development.”About Sun Capital Partners  Inc.Sun Capital Partners  Inc. is a global private equity firm focused on partnering with outstanding management teams to accelerate value creation. Since 1995  Sun Capital has invested in more than 465 companies worldwide with revenues in excess of $50 billion across a broad range of industries and transaction structures. The firm has built a reputation as a trusted partner  recognized for its operational experience. Sun Capital focuses on defensible businesses in growing markets with tangible performance improvement opportunities in the Business Services  Consumer  Healthcare  Industrial  and Technology sectors. The firm has offices in Boca Raton  Los Angeles and New York  and an affiliate with offices in London. For more information  please visit www.suncappart.com.About Allied GlassFor over 150 years  Allied Glass has been chosen to bring the world’s finest brands to life and the extraordinary people that work at Allied have supported this vision. Inspired by their customers  Allied Glass create some of the most innovative and distinctive glass packaging  with each new design striving to stretch the bounds of possibility.From the moment glass making began at the company’s Yorkshire factories  Allied Glass have been continually driven by the idea of exceeding expectations. In the early days  this took place only in their local area yet today  Allied Glass packaging travels widely supporting customers’ brands across the globe.In recent years  under the stewardship of the company’s CEO Alan Henderson  Allied Glass has grown and developed to meet new challenges  developing our expertise in manufacturing and customization. However  it hasn’t changed completely: at its core  Allied Glass still endeavors to achieve new levels of excellence that support a unique combination of luxury and innovation.For more information  please visit www.allied-glass.comAbout VeralliaAt Verallia  our purpose is to re-imagine glass for a sustainable future. We want to redefine how glass is produced  reused and recycled  to make it the world’s most sustainable packaging material. We work in common cause with our customers  suppliers and other partners across the value chain to develop new healthy and sustainable solutions for all. With around 10 000 people and 32 glass production facilities in 11 countries  we are the leading European and the third largest producer globally of glass containers for food and beverages  providing innovative  customized and environmentally friendly solutions to more than 10 000 businesses around the world. Verallia produced more than 16 billion bottles and jars and achieved revenues of €2.7 billion in 2021. Verallia is listed on compartment A of the Euronext Paris stock exchange (Ticker: VRLA – ISIN: FR0013447729) and belongs to the SBF 120  CAC Mid 60  CAC Mid & Small et CAC All-Tradable indexes. For more information: www.verallia.com.,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,positive,0.78,0.22,0.0,True,English,"['Sun Capital Partners Affiliate', 'Allied Glass', 'activity-based, product level costing platforms', 'tangible performance improvement opportunities', 'first Fund VII exit', 'several operational improvement opportunities', 'leading private investment firm', 'global private equity firm', 'leading UK-based manufacturer', 'third largest producer', 'impressive technical capability', 'flexible, customer-focused approach', 'shorter production runs', 'bespoke premium bottles', 'exceptional management team', 'operational decision making', 'outstanding management teams', 'sustainable packaging material', 'ESG-friendly product innovation', 'Sun European team', 'total enterprise value', 'significant CapEx program', 'last 2-3 years', 'Sun European Partners', 'glass packaging containers', 'distinctive glass packaging', 'Sun Capital Partners', 'deep manufacturing expertise', 'Allied Glass packaging', 'global leader', 'other partners', 'operational knowledge', 'operational experience', 'premium spirits', 'glass production', 'glass making', 'outstanding business', 'sustainable future', 'sustainable sol', 'BOCA RATON', 'defensible businesses', 'growing markets', 'definitive agreement', 'drinks markets', 'SKU reporting', 'plant utilization', 'Paul Daccus', 'Managing Director', 'value creation', 'successful outcome', 'glass manufacturing', 'ESG profile', 'cost savings', 'new facility', 'manufacturing efficiency', 'market share', 'great success', 'market leader', 'Alan Henderson', 'customer-first strategy', 'internal development', 'broad range', 'trusted partner', 'Technology sectors', 'Los Angeles', 'New York', 'finest brands', 'extraordinary people', 'new design', 'Yorkshire factories', 'early days', 'local area', 'recent years', 'new challenges', 'new levels', 'unique combination', 'common cause', 'value chain', 'new healthy', 'European affiliate', 'BUSINESS WIRE', 'Business Services', 'food products', 'transaction structures', 'customers’ brands', 'Verallia Group', 'The Company', '150 years', 'Fla.', 'VRLA', 'beverages', 'France', 'sale', 'LLP', 'connection', 'Leeds', 'work', 'commitment', 'investors', 'strength', 'December', 'content', 'commercial', 'capacity', 'initiatives', 'profitability', 'EBITDA', 'partnership', 'field', 'CEO', 'values', '465 companies', 'revenues', 'excess', 'industries', 'reputation', 'Consumer', 'Healthcare', 'Industrial', 'offices', 'London', 'information', 'world', 'life', 'vision', 'innovative', 'bounds', 'possibility', 'moment', 'idea', 'expectations', 'place', 'globe', 'stewardship', 'customization', 'core', 'excellence', 'luxury', 'purpose', 'suppliers']",2022-11-02,2022-11-03,businesswire.com
12499,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2022/11/02/2546884/0/en/Lithium-Performance-Drives-AMG-to-All-time-Record-Earnings-and-Increased-Full-Year-Guidance.html,Lithium Performance Drives AMG to All-time Record Earnings and Increased Full Year Guidance,Amsterdam  2 November 2022 (Regulated Information) --- AMG Advanced Metallurgical Group N.V. (“AMG”  EURONEXT AMSTERDAM: “AMG”)  a global critical materials company at the forefront of CO2 reduction trends  reported third quarter 2022 revenue of $425 million …,Amsterdam  2 November 2022 (Regulated Information) --- AMG Advanced Metallurgical Group N.V. (“AMG”  EURONEXT AMSTERDAM: “AMG”)  a global critical materials company at the forefront of CO 2 reduction trends  reported third quarter 2022 revenue of $425 million  a 36% increase versus the third quarter of 2021. Third quarter 2022 EBITDA of $103 million was the highest in AMG’s history  and a 210% increase versus the third quarter of 2021.Dr. Heinz Schimmelbusch  Chairman of the Management Board and CEO  said  “This outstanding result was largely driven by AMG Lithium. The continued strength in both lithium demand and our low-cost position led to improved profitability in AMG Lithium in Brazil. The mission of AMG Lithium is to be the number one producer of electric vehicle battery materials in Europe by expanding production of battery-grade hydroxide  vertically integrating its Brazilian spodumene production and pursuing additional mineral resources.”OutlookGiven the strong performance to date and the visibility into year end  AMG is increasing its EBITDA guidance for the full year 2022 to $320 million or higher  from a previous range of between $280 million and $300 million.Important parameters for 2023 guidance are first and foremost the startup of the expanded production of lithium concentrate in Brazil in the second half of 2023; the market conditions primarily in lithium; and the ramp-up of the Zanesville refinery to full production. In view of this  AMG’s EBITDA guidance for 2023 is to exceed $400 million. It is important to note that since the increase of spodumene production will occur in the latter half of the year  2023 EBITDA development will be back-end weighted.Strategic HighlightsLithiumThe project to expand the spodumene production in AMG Brazil is under construction. The objective is to be at full capacity in the second half of 2023.The AMG Lithium refinery in Bitterfeld  Germany  Europe’s first lithium hydroxide refinery  is under construction  and commissioning for the first 20 000-ton module of the battery-grade lithium hydroxide upgrader will commence in the fourth quarter of 2023.AMG Lithium’s battery-grade hydroxide refinery has signed a binding supply agreement with EcoPro  a leading South Korean cathode paste producer  for an initial three-year term to deliver a minimum of 5 000 tons per annum of battery-grade lithium hydroxide to EcoPro’s cathode materials production plant in Debrecen  Hungary.AMG has negotiated a strategic tolling contract for our spodumene production as well as third-party spodumene to supply technical-grade hydroxide to Bitterfeld.AMG has consolidated its lithium value chain under one legal entity and is currently aligning its lithium management and governance structures to further increase the long-term value of its lithium activities. Accordingly  we are preparing a re-segmentation of AMG to be approved by the Supervisory Board in December and become effective on January 1  2023.VanadiumThe new vanadium spent catalyst recycling facility in Zanesville  Ohio  which started operating on October 29  2022  is a clear manifestation of AMG’s industry leadership in the recycling of hazardous refinery waste globally. We are extremely pleased about the successful startup of both the roaster and the melt shop  and we expect the ramp-up to full production to take between three to four months.Shell & AMG Recycling B.V. (“SARBV”) and its partner  the United Company for Industry (“UCI”)  continue to advance the first project of the Supercenter in conjunction with Saudi Arabian Oil Company (“Aramco”). Plant design optimization  site selection and permitting activities are progressing and the FEL3 partnering with Hatch is expected to begin later this month. The SARBV-UCI-Aramco consortium are also developing a pipeline of projects which will conclude with the deployment of AMG’s LIVA Hybrid Energy Storage System technology.AMG’s innovative lithium vanadium battery (“LIVA”) for industrial power management applications has successfully started up at our plant in Hauzenberg  Germany.Financial HighlightsRevenue increased by 36% to $425 million in the third quarter of 2022 from $312 million in the third quarter of 2021.EBITDA was a record $103 million in the third quarter of 2022  up 210% versus the third quarter 2021 EBITDA of $33 million.Annualized return on capital employed was 29.5% for the first nine months of 2022  more than double the 10.4% for the same period in 2021.Cash flow from operations was $75 million for the third quarter 2022  driven by the high profitability of AMG Lithium in Brazil.Net income attributable to shareholders for the third quarter of 2022 was $68 million  yielding $2.09 diluted earnings per share  compared to $0.02 diluted loss per share in the third quarter of 2021.AMG’s liquidity as of September 30  2022 was $489 million  with $306 million of unrestricted cash and $183 million of revolving credit availability.Key FiguresIn 000’s US dollars Q3 ‘22 Q3 ‘21 Change Revenue $424 813 $311 946 36% Gross profit 112 071 51 083 119% Gross margin 26.4% 16.4% Operating profit 121 680 17 346 601% Operating margin 28.6% 5.6% Net income (loss) attributable to shareholders 68 146 (599) N/A EPS - Fully diluted 2.09 (0.02) N/A EBIT (1) 91 536 22 475 307% EBITDA (2) 102 603 33 051 210% EBITDA margin 24.2% 10.6% Cash from operating activities 74 747 17 635 324%Notes:(1) EBIT is defined as earnings before interest and income taxes. EBIT excludes restructuring  asset impairment  inventory cost adjustments  environmental provisions  exceptional legal expenses and other exceptional items  equity-settled share-based payments  and strategic expenses.(2) EBITDA is defined as EBIT adjusted for depreciation and amortization.Operational ReviewAMG Clean Energy MaterialsQ3 ‘22 Q3 ‘21 Change Revenue $188 318 $105 308 79% Gross profit 86 454 20 120 330% Gross profit before non-recurring items 87 710 21 721 304% Operating profit 74 888 9 985 650% EBITDA 83 674 18 029 364%AMG Clean Energy Materials’ revenue increased 79% compared to the third quarter of 2021  to $188 million  driven mainly by higher prices in vanadium  tantalum and lithium concentrates  as well as increased sales volumes of lithium concentrate. Sales volumes were up due to shipping schedule variances from AMG Brazil. This increase in the third quarter of 2022 includes a catch up from the second quarter as well as additional volumes that shipped in the third quarter that were planned for the fourth quarter.Gross profit before non-recurring items for the quarter increased 304% compared to the same period in the prior year  primarily due to the increased price environment.SG&A expenses in the third quarter of 2022 were $12 million  15% higher than the third quarter of 2021  largely due to strategic project costs and higher variable compensation expense in the current quarter.The third quarter 2022 EBITDA increased 364%  to $84 million  from $18 million in the third quarter of 2021  due to the improved gross profit as noted above.AMG Critical MineralsQ3 ‘22 Q3 ‘21 Change Revenue $84 935 $79 392 7% Gross profit 674 10 660 (94%) Gross profit before non-recurring items 12 210 10 843 13% Operating profit 40 301 4 028 901% EBITDA 7 327 6 509 13%AMG Critical Minerals’ revenue increased by $6 million  or 7%  to $85 million  driven by higher sales prices in all three businesses.Gross profit before non-recurring items of $12 million in the third quarter was 13% higher compared to the third quarter of 2021. The higher revenue was due to the improved price environment  partially offset by increased raw material prices as well as the ongoing rise in energy and shipping costs.SG&A expenses in the third quarter of 2022 slightly increased by 3%  to $7 million  compared to the same period in 2021.Despite ongoing inflationary pressures  the third quarter 2022 EBITDA increased 13% compared to the same period in 2021.Effective January 1  2023  AMG will place its silicon metal plant in Pocking  Germany  on care and maintenance due to external economic factors and will review this decision on a quarterly basis. The overall EBITDA effect  should there be a shutdown longer than one quarter  is immaterial to AMG’s overall projected 2023 results.Associated with this shutdown  AMG recorded income from the sale of an existing supply contract which positively impacted operating profit for the quarter. This income was offset by a settlement with a major customer and an impairment of existing assets. The future proceeds are also available to offset potential restructuring expenses in the future. The cost associated with retaining current employees for care and maintenance will be recorded as incurred in accordance with accounting standards.AMG Critical Materials TechnologiesQ3 ‘22 Q3 ‘21 Change Revenue $151 560 $127 246 19% Gross profit 24 943 20 303 23% Gross profit before non-recurring items 24 990 20 293 23% Operating profit 6 491 3 333 95% EBITDA 11 602 8 513 36%AMG Critical Materials Technologies' third quarter 2022 revenue increased by $24 million  or 19%  compared to the same period in 2021. This improvement was due to increased titanium alloys sales  as well as higher titanium alloy and chrome metal pricing. Third quarter 2022 gross profit before non-recurring items increased by $5 million  or 23%  to $25 million due to the higher volumes and prices.SG&A expenses increased by 9% in the third quarter of 2022 compared to the same period in 2021  mainly driven by higher share-based and variable compensation expense and higher professional fees in the current quarter.AMG Critical Materials Technologies’ EBITDA increased to $12 million during the quarter  compared to $9 million in the third quarter of 2021. This was primarily due to higher profitability in chrome metal and titanium alloys.AMG Engineering signed $93 million in new orders during the third quarter of 2022  driven by strong orders of remelting  induction and heat treatment furnaces  representing a 1.73x book to bill ratio. Order backlog was $211 million as of September 30  2022  17% greater than the $181 million as of June 30  2022.Financial ReviewTaxAMG recorded an income tax expense of $39 million in the third quarter of 2022  compared to $10 million in the same period in 2021. This variance was mainly driven by enhanced operating results coupled with movements in the Brazilian real. The effects of the Brazilian real caused a $2 million deferred tax benefit in the third quarter of 2022 (2021: $8 million tax expense). Fluctuations in the Brazilian real exchange rate impact the valuation of the Company’s net deferred tax positions related to our operations in Brazil.AMG paid taxes of $10 million in the third quarter of 2022  compared to tax payments of $4 million in the third quarter of 2021.Exceptional ItemsAMG’s third quarter 2022 gross profit includes exceptional items  which are not included in the calculation of EBITDA.A summary of exceptional items included in gross profit in the third quarters of 2022 and 2021 are below:Exceptional items included in gross profitQ3 ‘22 Q3 ‘21 Change Gross profit $112 071 $51 083 119% Restructuring expense 11 261 (96%) Asset impairment expense (reversal) 11 587 (88) N/A Strategic project expense 1 241 1 095 13% Others — 506 N/A Gross profit excluding exceptional items 124 910 52 857 136%Energy CostsTotal energy costs were $5 million higher in the third quarter of 2022 versus the same period in 2021 due to significant increases in gas and electricity costs during the quarter. The majority of this increase was at our silicon business in Germany  but that business benefited from fully hedged power costs. Other business units benefited from long-term electricity contracts that have no price escalation clauses  and the business units that did experience energy cost increases were able to pass through most of these increased costs to their customers.SG&AAMG’s third quarter 2022 SG&A expenses were $37 million compared to $34 million in the third quarter of 2021  with the variance largely driven by higher compensation expense due to higher profitability forecasted for the year and increased professional fees associated with strategic projects.Net Other Operating IncomeAMG recorded a net contract settlement benefit of $46 million associated with the cancellation of a supply contract for AMG Silicon  offset by a settlement with a major customer.LiquiditySeptember 30  2022 December 31  2021 Change Senior secured debt $357 685 $371 897 (4%) Cash & cash equivalents 306 416 337 877 (9%) Senior secured net debt 51 269 34 020 51% Other debt 14 926 24 398 (39%) Net debt excluding municipal bond 66 195 58 418 13% Municipal bond debt 319 304 319 476 — % Restricted cash 17 069 93 434 (82%) Net debt 368 430 284 460 30%AMG had a net debt position of $368 million as of September 30  2022. This increase was mainly due to the significant investment in growth initiatives during the quarter.AMG continued to maintain a strong balance sheet and adequate sources of liquidity during the third quarter. As of September 30  2022  the Company had $306 million in unrestricted cash and cash equivalents and $183 million available on its revolving credit facility. As such  AMG had $489 million of total liquidity as of September 30  2022.Net Finance CostsAMG’s third quarter 2022 net finance costs were $14 million compared to $8 million in the third quarter of 2021. This increase was mainly driven by foreign exchange losses of $6 million during the quarter primarily due to non-cash intergroup balances.AMG capitalized $2 million of interest costs in the third quarter of 2022 versus $4 million in the same period in 2021  driven by interest associated with the Company’s tax-exempt municipal bond supporting the vanadium expansion in Ohio. This decrease is due to a portion of the municipal bond interest costs which are no longer being capitalized due to the ramp-up of production at our Zanesville facility.Profit (loss) for the period to EBITDA reconciliationQ3 ‘22 Q3 ‘21 Profit (loss) for the period $68 339 ($310) Income tax expense 38 603 9 904 Net finance cost 13 988 7 543 Equity-settled share-based payment transactions 1 386 1 015 Restructuring expense 11 261 Net contract settlements (46 407) — Asset impairment expense (reversal) 11 587 (88) Strategic project expense (1) 3 282 3 311 Share of loss of associates 750 209 Others (3) 630 EBIT 91 536 22 475 Depreciation and amortization 11 067 10 576 EBITDA 102 603 33 051(1) The Company is in the initial development and ramp-up phases for several strategic expansion projects  including AMG Vanadium’s expansion project  the joint venture with Shell  Hybrid Lithium Vanadium Redox Flow Battery System  and the lithium expansion in Germany  which incurred project expenses during the quarter but are not yet operational. AMG is adjusting EBITDA for these exceptional charges.AMG Advanced Metallurgical Group N.V. Condensed Interim Consolidated Income Statement For the quarter ended September 30 In thousands of US dollars 2022 2021 Unaudited Unaudited Continuing operations Revenue 424 813 311 946 Cost of sales (312 742) (260 863) Gross profit 112 071 51 083 Selling  general and administrative expenses (36 888) (33 750) Other income  net 46 497 13 Net other operating income 46 497 13 Operating profit 121 680 17 346 Finance income 1 222 357 Finance cost (15 210) (7 900) Net finance cost (13 988) (7 543) Share of loss of associates and joint ventures (750) (209) Profit before income tax 106 942 9 594 Income tax expense (38 603) (9 904) Profit (loss) for the period 68 339 (310) Profit (loss) attributable to: Shareholders of the Company 68 146 (599) Non-controlling interests 193 289 Profit (loss) for the period 68 339 (310) Earnings (loss) per share Basic earnings (loss) per share 2.13 (0.02) Diluted earnings (loss) per share 2.09 (0.02)AMG Advanced Metallurgical Group N.V. Condensed Interim Consolidated Income Statement For the nine months ended September 30 In thousands of US dollars 2022 2021 Unaudited Unaudited Continuing operations Revenue 1 252 770 874 306 Cost of sales (963 265) (727 860) Gross profit 289 505 146 446 Selling  general and administrative expenses (111 384) (100 075) Environmental expense — (11 711) Other income  net 46 619 186 Net other operating income (expense) 46 619 (11 525) Operating profit 224 740 34 846 Finance income 3 602 831 Finance cost (38 720) (21 789) Net finance cost (35 118) (20 958) Share of loss of associates and joint ventures (1 250) (834) Profit before income tax 188 372 13 054 Income tax expense (60 270) (3 414) Profit for the period 128 102 9 640 Profit attributable to: Shareholders of the Company 126 892 8 066 Non-controlling interests 1 210 1 574 Profit for the period 128 102 9 640 Earnings per share Basic earnings per share 3.97 0.26 Diluted earnings per share 3.91 0.26AMG Advanced Metallurgical Group N.V. Condensed Interim Consolidated Statement of Financial Position In thousands of US dollars September 30 2022 Unaudited December 31  2021 Assets Property  plant and equipment 748 398 693 624 Goodwill and other intangible assets 40 241 44 684 Derivative financial instruments 34 753 95 Other investments 26 218 29 830 Deferred tax assets 32 824 52 937 Restricted cash 11 841 85 023 Other assets 8 709 8 471 Total non-current assets 902 984 914 664 Inventories 273 804 218 320 Derivative financial instruments 5 689 4 056 Trade and other receivables 160 789 145 435 Other assets 123 329 65 066 Current tax assets 8 621 5 888 Restricted cash 5 228 8 411 Cash and cash equivalents 306 416 337 877 Total current assets 883 876 785 053 Total assets 1 786 860 1 699 717AMG Advanced Metallurgical Group N.V. Condensed Interim Consolidated Statement of Financial Position (continued) In thousands of US dollars September 30 2022 Unaudited December 31  2021 Equity Issued capital 853 853 Share premium 553 715 553 715 Treasury shares (14 906) (16 596) Other reserves (54 829) (96 421) Retained earnings (deficit) (66 832) (173 117) Equity attributable to shareholders of the Company 418 001 268 434 Non-controlling interests 23 978 25 718 Total equity 441 979 294 152 Liabilities Loans and borrowings 662 181 675 384 Lease liabilities 39 318 45 692 Employee benefits 105 256 162 628 Provisions 14 031 14 298 Deferred revenue 20 541 22 341 Other liabilities 5 260 11 098 Derivative financial instruments 1 014 2 064 Deferred tax liabilities 16 263 5 617 Total non-current liabilities 863 864 939 122 Loans and borrowings 23 844 27 341 Lease liabilities 4 161 4 857 Short-term bank debt 5 890 13 046 Deferred revenue 22 713 18 478 Other liabilities 67 971 80 672 Trade and other payables 262 143 252 765 Derivative financial instruments 15 749 6 010 Advance payments from customers 40 766 35 091 Current tax liability 26 524 10 586 Provisions 11 256 17 597 Total current liabilities 481 017 466 443 Total liabilities 1 344 881 1 405 565 Total equity and liabilities 1 786 860 1 699 717AMG Advanced Metallurgical Group N.V. Condensed Interim Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows For the nine months ended September 30 In thousands of US dollars 2022 2021 Unaudited Unaudited Cash from operating activities Profit for the period 128 102 9 640 Adjustments to reconcile net profit to net cash flows: Non-cash: Income tax expense 60 270 3 414 Depreciation and amortization 32 957 32 478 Asset impairment expense (reversal) 11 587 (864) Net finance cost 35 118 20 958 Share of loss of associates and joint ventures 1 250 834 Loss (gain) on sale or disposal of property  plant and equipment 12 (96) Equity-settled share-based payment transactions 4 138 3 143 Movement in provisions  pensions  and government grants (7 532) (3 267) Working capital and deferred revenue adjustments (113 601) 17 908 Cash generated from operating activities 152 301 84 148 Finance costs paid  net (19 014) (14 960) Income tax paid (22 689) (8 625) Net cash from operating activities 110 598 60 563 Cash used in investing activities Proceeds from sale of property  plant and equipment 151 1 071 Acquisition of property  plant and equipment and intangibles (134 244) (125 366) Investments in associates and joint ventures (1 250) (1 000) Change in restricted cash 76 365 94 092 Interest received on restricted cash 179 33 Capitalized borrowing cost (15 307) (15 608) Other 12 (428) Net cash used in investing activities (74 094) (47 206)AMG Advanced Metallurgical Group N.V. Condensed Interim Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows (continued) For the nine months ended September 30 In thousands of US dollars 2022 2021 Unaudited Unaudited Cash (used in) from financing activities Proceeds from issuance of debt 83 2 644 Payment of transaction costs related to debt — (390) Repayment of borrowings (23 948) (8 047) Net (repurchase of) proceeds from issuance of common shares (1 523) 121 569 Dividends paid (19 885) (7 598) Payment of lease liabilities (3 738) (3 939) Contributions by non-controlling interests — 648 Net cash (used in) from financing activities (49 011) 104 887 Net (decrease) increase in cash and cash equivalents (12 507) 118 244 Cash and cash equivalents at January 1 337 877 207 366 Effect of exchange rate fluctuations on cash held (18 954) (6 156) Cash and cash equivalents at September 30 306 416 319 454This press release contains inside information within the meaning of Article 7(1) of the EU Market Abuse Regulation.This press release contains regulated information as defined in the Dutch Financial Markets Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht).About AMGAMG is a global critical materials company at the forefront of CO 2 reduction trends. AMG produces highly engineered specialty metals and mineral products and provides related vacuum furnace systems and services to the transportation  infrastructure  energy  and specialty metals & chemicals end markets.AMG Clean Energy Materials segment combines AMG’s recycling and mining operations  producing materials for infrastructure and energy storage solutions while reducing the CO 2 footprint of both suppliers and customers. AMG Clean Energy Materials segment spans the vanadium  lithium  and tantalum value chains. AMG Critical Materials Technologies segment combines AMG’s leading vacuum furnace technology line with high-purity materials serving global leaders in the aerospace sector. AMG Critical Minerals segment consists of AMG’s mineral processing operations in antimony  graphite  and silicon metal.With approximately 3 300 employees  AMG operates globally with production facilities in Germany  the United Kingdom  France  the United States  China  Mexico  Brazil  India  Sri Lanka  and Mozambique  and has sales and customer service offices in Japan ( www.amg-nv.com ).For further information  please contact:AMG Advanced Metallurgical Group N.V. +1 610 975 4979Michele Fischermfischer@amg-nv.comDisclaimerCertain statements in this press release are not historical facts and are “forward looking.” Forward looking statements include statements concerning AMG’s plans  expectations  projections  objectives  targets  goals  strategies  future events  future revenues or performance  capital expenditures  financing needs  plans and intentions relating to acquisitions  AMG’s competitive strengths and weaknesses  plans or goals relating to forecasted production  reserves  financial position and future operations and development  AMG’s business strategy and the trends AMG anticipates in the industries and the political and legal environment in which it operates and other information that is not historical information. When used in this press release  the words “expects ” “believes ” “anticipates ” “plans ” “may ” “will ” “should ” and similar expressions  and the negatives thereof  are intended to identify forward looking statements. By their very nature  forward-looking statements involve inherent risks and uncertainties  both general and specific  and risks exist that the predictions  forecasts  projections and other forward-looking statements will not be achieved. These forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this press release. AMG expressly disclaims any obligation or undertaking to release publicly any updates or revisions to any forward-looking statement contained herein to reflect any change in AMG's expectations with regard thereto or any change in events  conditions  or circumstances on which any forward-looking statement is based.Attachment,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.72,0.11,0.17,True,English,"['All-time Record Earnings', 'Full Year Guidance', 'Lithium Performance', 'AMG', 'LIVA Hybrid Energy Storage System technology', 'leading South Korean cathode paste producer', 'AMG Advanced Metallurgical Group N.V.', 'electric vehicle battery materials', 'three to four months', 'global critical materials company', 'Saudi Arabian Oil Company', 'industrial power management applications', 'cathode materials production plant', 'AMG Recycling B.V.', 'innovative lithium vanadium battery', 'battery-grade lithium hydroxide upgrader', 'first lithium hydroxide refinery', 'The AMG Lithium refinery', 'The SARBV-UCI-Aramco consortium', 'first nine months', 'battery-grade hydroxide refinery', 'hazardous refinery waste', 'CO 2 reduction trends', 'Dr. Heinz Schimmelbusch', 'additional mineral resources', 'first 20,000-ton module', 'binding supply agreement', 'initial three-year term', 'strategic tolling contract', 'revolving credit availability', 'catalyst recycling facility', 'Plant design optimization', 'one legal entity', 'Strategic Highlights Lithium', 'lithium value chain', 'Brazilian spodumene production', 'one producer', 'third quarter 2022 revenue', 'Third quarter 2022 EBITDA', 'United Company', 'lithium management', 'technical-grade hydroxide', 'Zanesville refinery', 'Management Board', 'lithium demand', 'lithium concentrate', 'lithium activities', 'long-term value', 'first project', 'Financial Highlights', 'new vanadium', 'expanded production', 'full production', 'third-party spodumene', 'fourth quarter', 'Regulated Information', 'outstanding result', 'continued strength', 'low-cost position', 'strong performance', 'previous range', 'Important parameters', 'second half', 'market conditions', 'latter half', 'full capacity', 'governance structures', 'Supervisory Board', 'clear manifestation', 'melt shop', 'site selection', 'permitting activities', 'Annualized return', 'same period', 'Cash flow', 'Net income', '$0.02 diluted loss', 'unrestricted cash', 'Key Figures', 'US dollars', '21 Change Revenue', '2023 EBITDA development', 'year end', 'full year', 'EURONEXT AMSTERDAM', 'EBITDA guidance', 'industry leadership', 'successful startup', 'high profitability', 'AMG Brazil', '2023 guidance', 'forefront', '36% increase', 'history', '210% increase', 'Chairman', 'CEO', 'mission', 'number', 'Europe', 'Outlook', 'date', 'visibility', 'ramp', 'view', 'construction', 'objective', 'Bitterfeld', 'Germany', 'EcoPro', 'minimum', '5,000 tons', 'annum', 'Debrecen', 'Hungary', 'segmentation', 'December', 'January', 'Ohio', 'October', 'roaster', 'Shell', 'partner', 'Supercenter', 'conjunction', 'FEL3', 'Hatch', 'pipeline', 'projects', 'deployment', 'Hauzenberg', 'record', 'capital', 'operations', 'shareholders', 'liquidity', 'September', 'Q3']",2022-11-02,2022-11-03,globenewswire.com
12500,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2022/11/02/2546875/0/en/A%C3%A9roports-de-Paris-SA-Information-regarding-the-voting-rights-and-shares-as-of-31-October-2022.html,Aéroports de Paris SA: Information regarding the voting rights and shares as of 31 October 2022,2nd November 2022        Aéroports de Paris SAInformation regarding the voting rights and shares as of 31 October 2022Statement according to Article L.......,English French2nd November 2022Aéroports de Paris SAInformation regarding the voting rights and sharesas of 31 October 2022Statement according to Article L. 233-8-II of the French Commercial Code and 223-16 of the General Regulations of the “Autorité des Marchés Financiers”ISIN: FR0010340141Ticker: ADPListing place: Euronext ParisMarket: Euronext Paris - Compartment A – SRDDate Total number of shares Total number of gross voting rights Total number of net voting rights1 31/10/2022 98 960 602 171 892 050 171 876 6001 Gross voting rights less shares without voting rightsInvestor Relations: Cécile Combeau  Eliott Roch + 33 1 48 62 43 23 - invest@adp.frPress contact: Justine Leger  Head of Medias and Reputation Department +33 7 64 67 08 81Groupe ADP develops and manages airports  including Paris-Charles de Gaulle  Paris-Orly and Paris-Le Bourget. In 2021  the group handled through its brand Paris Aéroport more than 41.9 million passengers and 2.1 million metric tons of freight and mail at Paris-Charles de Gaulle and Paris-Orly  and more than 118.1 million passengers in airports abroad. Boasting an exceptional geographic location and a major catchment area  the Group is pursuing its strategy of adapting and modernizing its terminal facilities and upgrading quality of services; the group also intends to develop its retail and real estate businesses. In 2021  group revenue stood at €2 777 million and net income at -€248 million.Registered office: 1 rue de France – 93290 Tremblay en France  France. A public limited company (Société Anonyme) with share capital of €296 881 806. Registered in the Bobigny Trade and Company Register under no. 552 016 628.groupe-adp.comAttachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.97,0.02,True,English,"['Aéroports de', 'Paris SA', 'voting rights', 'Information', 'shares', '31 October', 'Autorité des Marchés Financiers', 'Cécile Combeau', 'Paris-Charles de Gaulle', 'exceptional geographic location', 'major catchment area', 'real estate businesses', 'Société Anonyme', 'French Commercial Code', 'public limited company', '2.1 million metric tons', 'gross voting rights', 'net voting rights1', 'Euronext Paris Market', 'Paris Aéroport', 'English French', 'Paris SA', 'net income', 'Company Register', 'Aéroports', 'Compartment A', '41.9 million passengers', '118.1 million passengers', '2nd November', 'Article L.', 'General Regulations', 'Listing place', 'Total number', 'Investor Relations', 'Eliott Roch', 'Press contact', 'Justine Leger', 'Reputation Department', 'Paris-Le Bourget', 'terminal facilities', 'Registered office', 'share capital', 'Bobigny Trade', 'Groupe ADP', 'less shares', 'group revenue', 'Information', '31 October', 'Statement', 'ISIN', 'Ticker', 'SRD', 'Date', 'Head', 'Medias', 'airports', 'Paris-Orly', 'brand', 'freight', 'mail', 'strategy', 'quality', 'services', 'retail', '1 rue', 'France', '93290 Tremblay', 'Attachment']",2022-11-02,2022-11-03,globenewswire.com
12501,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2022/11/02/2546958/0/en/Information-on-share-capital-and-voting-rights-October-2022.html,Information on share capital and voting rights - October 2022,Information on share capital and voting rights October 2022  Statement made in accordance with article L. 233-8 II of the French commercial Code and......,English FrenchInformation on share capital and voting rightsOctober 2022Statement made in accordance with article L. 233-8 II of the French commercial Code and articles 221-1 2 ° f) and 223-16 of the AMF Regulations.November 2nd  2022Statement made by:Nexans S.A.Registered office : 4 Allée de l’Arche - 92400 CourbevoieRCS Nanterre 393 525 852Regulated market of Euronext Paris (Compartment A)DateTotal number of sharesTotal number of voting rights Theorical (1) Exercisable (2) November 2nd  2022 43 753 380 43 753 380 43 651 653(1) Calculated based on all shares with voting rights  including treasury shares stripped of voting rights (Art. 223-11 of AMF General Regulations).(2) For information  excluding treasury shares stripped of voting rights  excluding liquidity contract.Provision of Nexans articles of association requiring shareholders to declare the crossing of threshold other than the legal thresholds: yes.Extract of article 7 of Nexans articles of association: “Fully paid up shares may be registered or bearer at the option of the shareholder. In addition to the legal obligation to inform the company when certain fractions of the share capital are held  any natural or legal person and/or shareholder owning a number of shares in the company equal to or greater than 2 % of the share capital or voting rights must notify the company of the total number of shares held  within a period of fifteen days from the time the threshold is crossed  by registered letter with acknowledgement of receipt. A further notification must be sent  in accordance with the conditions hereof  each time that a multiple of 2 % is reached.”Attachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,True,English,"['share capital', 'voting rights', 'Information', 'October', 'French commercial Code', 'AMF General Regulations', 'Nexans S.A.', 'AMF Regulations', 'English French', 'Compartment A', 'share capital', 'voting rights', 'Registered office', '4 Allée', 'RCS Nanterre', 'Regulated market', 'Euronext Paris', 'liquidity contract', 'Nexans articles', 'legal thresholds', 'legal obligation', 'legal person', 'fifteen days', 'Total number', 'article L.', 'treasury shares', 'Information', 'October', 'Statement', 'accordance', '92400 Courbevoie', 'Date', 'November', 'Art.', 'Provision', 'association', 'shareholders', 'crossing', 'Extract', 'option', 'addition', 'company', 'fractions', 'natural', 'period', 'time', 'letter', 'acknowledgement', 'receipt', 'notification', 'conditions', 'multiple', 'Attachment', '2 °']",2022-11-02,2022-11-03,globenewswire.com
12502,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2022/11/02/2546864/0/en/Sogeclair-Turnover-over-the-first-9-months-as-of-September-30th-2022-13-3-%C3%A0-99-6M.html,Sogeclair: Turnover over the first 9 months as of September 30th 2022: +13.3% à €99.6M,Turnover over the first 9 months as of September 30th 2022: +13.3% à €99.6MAt constants exchange rate and perimeter*: +9.8%  SOGECLAIR  supplier of......,English FrenchTurnover over the first 9 months as of September 30th 2022: +13.3% à €99.6MAt constants exchange rate and perimeter*: +9.8%SOGECLAIR  supplier of innovative solutions with high added value for a safer and less-consuming mobility announces today its turnover over the first 9 months ended 30 September 2022.* The change variations over the period represent €2.7M against € -1.6M in 2021.The scope variations over the period represent €-0.4M.The ONE SOGECLAIR strategic plan for a more premium  more attractive and more transversal repositioning has led to the implementation of the new organization on 1st January 2022. For the 3rd consecutive quarter  SOGECLAIR is presenting its turnover according to this new organization. The 2021 comparison is pro-forma.With a 3rd quarter at +11.3%  this is the 6th consecutive quarter of increased turnover. Commercial aviation (33.2% of turnover) confirms its strong rebound at +40.9%  automotive (9.7% of turnover) starts again with +6.4%  business aviation (39.7% of turnover) remains dynamic with +4.4% and rail (8.3% of turnover) is stable.By Business Unit Turnover (€M)9 months 2022 Turnover (€M)9 months 2021** Variation(as %) EngineeringAt constants exchange rate and perimeter 53.552.4 47.547.5 +12.5%+10.2% SolutionsAt constants exchange rate and perimeter 45.643.5 40.340.3 +13.1%+8.0% Conseil0.5 - NS Total99.6 87.9 +13.3% International46.9 42.0 +11.6%Differences are due to rounding.**The turnover over the first 9 months as of September 30th 2021 is reported on a pro-forma basisThe Engineering Business Unit - support activity for manufacturers in the development of their products  processes and product life cycle - (53.7% of turnover) increases by 12.5% over 9 months  including 12.3% in the 3rd quarter  driven by the strong rebound in commercial aviation. As a reminder  SOGECLAIR has won the EMES3 referencing from Airbus (all entities) for a period of 5 years from 2022 to 2027  has obtained the Diamond supplier label for Bombardier Aerospace and has won new contracts for the cabin of the A220 and for the ES-30 electrically propelled aircraft from Heart Aerospace.The Solutions Business Unit - equipment manufacturer activity - (45.8% of turnover) grows by 13.1% over 9 months  including 8.7% in the third quarter. It progresses in the aeronautical and rail segments  and sees the automotive sector recover at +6.4%.UTAC has joined the capital of AVSimulation (a subsidiary of SOGECLAIR) with a 15% stake in order to accelerate the development of vehicle tests in a virtual environment. After this operation  Oktal (Sogeclair) still holds 55.25%  Dassault Systèmes 15%  UTAC 15% and Renault Group 14.75% of AVSimulation.The Conseil Business Unit - auditing  consulting and optimization of technologies and processes - (0.5% of turnover): the activy continues to win new orders in the aeronautics and space sectors in France and Canada.By geographical area9 months turnover 2022(€M) Impact on Turnover(as %) Evolution(as %) France 52.7 52.9% +14.9% Europe 19.3 19.4% +5.9% America 20.8 20.9% +11.7% Asia-Pacific 6.3 6.3% +35.2% Rest of the world 0.5 0.5% -6.7%Differences are due to rounding.International turnover increases by 11.6% over 9 months  representing 47.1% of total turnover. In the third quarter alone  all regions grow by €3 265k  with only the rest of the world (Africa and South America) declining by 6.7% or €3k over the period.PerspectivesThe implementation of the ONE SOGECLAIR plan  the evolution and reinforcement of the organization will support the growth capacity to reach €250M of activity in 2030.The dynamics of the markets allow us to confirm the objective of a 2-digit growth in turnover in 2022.Next announcement: turnover for Q4 2022 on February 01st 2023 after closing of the Stock MarketAbout SogeclairSupplier of innovative  high added-value solutions for safer and more efficient mobility  SOGECLAIR brings its skills in high-quality engineering and production to a broad range of cutting-edge sectors  notably aeronautics  space  vehicle  rail and defense. Supporting its customers and partners from the design and simulation stages through to the end of the product’s lifetime  all along the production chain through to entry into service  the collaborators are working worldwide to offer a high-quality  proximity service to all its customers.SOGECLAIR is listed on Euronext Paris – Compartment C – Indice Euronext® Family Business -Code ISIN: FR0000065864 / (Reuters SCLR.PA – Bloomberg SOG.FP)Contacts: Philippe ROBARDEY  President & CEO / Olivier PEDRON  Operating Chief Officer / +33(0)5 61 71 70 33Press contact: Louise-Marie Thabard / SOGECLAIR Communication / louise-marie.thabard@sogeclair.com / +336 75 95 12 20Attachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.0,True,English,"['first 9 months', 'Sogeclair', 'Turnover', 'September', 'Indice Euronext® Family Business', 'The Conseil Business Unit', 'innovative, high added-value solutions', 'The Solutions Business Unit', 'ONE SOGECLAIR strategic plan', 'The Engineering Business Unit', 'high added value', 'constants exchange rate', 'Dassault Systèmes', 'Operating Chief Officer', 'ONE SOGECLAIR plan', 'Business Unit Turnover', '6th consecutive quarter', 'product life cycle', 'Diamond supplier label', 'equipment manufacturer activity', '3rd consecutive quarter', 'high-quality, proximity service', 'innovative solutions', 'business aviation', 'Euronext Paris', 'high-quality engineering', '3rd quarter', 'third quarter', 'English French', 'less-consuming mobility', 'change variations', 'scope variations', 'transversal repositioning', '1st January', 'Commercial aviation', 'strong rebound', 'pro-forma basis', 'support activity', 'EMES3 referencing', 'Bombardier Aerospace', 'new contracts', 'Heart Aerospace', 'virtual environment', 'Renault Group', 'new orders', 'geographical area', 'growth capacity', '2-digit growth', 'Next announcement', 'Stock Market', 'efficient mobility', 'broad range', 'cutting-edge sectors', 'simulation stages', 'Compartment C', 'Reuters SCLR', 'Bloomberg SOG', 'Philippe ROBARDEY', 'Olivier PEDRON', 'Press contact', 'new organization', 'SOGECLAIR Communication', 'automotive sector', 'vehicle tests', 'space sectors', 'South America', 'production chain', 'Louise-Marie Thabard', 'first 9 months', 'rail segments', 'International turnover', 'total turnover', '10.2% Solutions', '9 months turnover', 'September', 'perimeter', 'safer', 'period', 'attractive', 'implementation', '2021 comparison', 'Differences', 'rounding', 'manufacturers', 'development', 'products', 'processes', 'reminder', 'Airbus', 'entities', '5 years', 'cabin', 'A220', 'ES-30', 'aircraft', 'aeronautical', 'capital', 'AVSimulation', 'subsidiary', '15% stake', 'operation', 'Oktal', 'auditing', 'consulting', 'optimization', 'technologies', 'aeronautics', 'France', 'Canada', 'Impact', 'Evolution', 'Europe', 'Asia-Pacific', 'Rest', 'world', 'regions', 'Africa', 'Perspectives', 'reinforcement', '€250M', 'dynamics', 'markets', 'objective', 'Q4', 'February', 'closing', 'skills', 'defense', 'customers', 'partners', 'design', 'end', 'lifetime', 'entry', 'collaborators', 'Code', 'ISIN', 'FP', 'Contacts', 'President', 'CEO', 'Attachment']",2022-11-02,2022-11-03,globenewswire.com
12503,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2022/11/02/2546183/0/en/SMCP-Olivier-Germain-is-appointed-CEO-of-Claudie-Pierlot.html,SMCP - Olivier Germain is appointed CEO of Claudie Pierlot,Press release - Paris  November 2th  2022    Olivier Germain is appointed CEO of Claudie Pierlotand joins the SMCP Executive Committee     SMCP  the...,"English FrenchPress release - Paris  November 2th  2022Olivier Germain is appointed CEO of Claudie Pierlotand joins the SMCP Executive CommitteeSMCP  the parent company of the Sandro  Maje  Claudie Pierlot and Fursac brands  is pleased to announce the appointment of Olivier Germain as Claudie Pierlot’s CEO  effective from November 2  2022. In this role  he will join the SMCP Executive Committee.Isabelle Guichot  CEO of SMCP  stated: ""I am very pleased to welcome Olivier to the SMCP Executive Committee as CEO of Claudie Pierlot. Over the course of his career in fashion  Olivier has acquired a unique expertise in this industry  a strategic vision and leadership which are major assets for Claudie Pierlot’s expansion at a key moment in its history  as the brand will celebrate its 40th anniversary in 2024. I would like to join the entire SMCP team in wishing him every success in his new position.”Aged 51  Olivier Germain joins SMCP as CEO of Claudie Pierlot after spending two years at New Guards Group (Off white  Ambush  Palm Angels  Heron Peston...) as Chief Product Officer  and three years at Balmain in the same role. Having graduated from the ESSEC business school and holding a master degree in modern literature  Olivier developed his expertise in merchandising and retail at brands such as Tom Ford  YSL  Dior and Alexander McQueen  with a strong focus on the product offer and the desirability of the brands for which he was responsible. These experiences have given him a valuable business perspective  proven leadership skills and a deep understanding of the product.Olivier Germain  CEO of Claudie Pierlot  said: ""I am delighted to join the SMCP group and Claudie Pierlot at a pivotal moment in its history. The 40th anniversary of the brand in 2024 will be an opportunity to accelerate its development by bringing together key elements and the values bequeathed by its founder. I would like to thank Isabelle Guichot and the Board of Directors of SMCP Group for their trust in me to write this new chapter for the Claudie Pierlot brand together.”ABOUT SMCPSMCP is a global leader in the accessible luxury market with four unique Parisian brands: Sandro  Maje  Claudie Pierlot and Fursac. Present in 45 countries  the Group comprises a network of over 1 600 stores globally and a strong digital presence in all its key markets. Evelyne Chetrite and Judith Milgrom founded Sandro and Maje in Paris  in 1984 and 1998 respectively  and continue to provide creative direction for the brands. Claudie Pierlot and Fursac were respectively acquired by SMCP in 2009 and 2019. SMCP is listed on the Euronext Paris regulated market (compartment A  ISIN Code FR0013214145  ticker: SMCP).CONTACTSINVESTORS/PRESS SMCP BRUNSWICK Amélie Dernis Hugues Boëton Tristan Roquet Montegon +33 (0) 1 55 80 51 00 +33 (0) 1 53 96 83 83 amelie.dernis@smcp.com smcp@brunswickgroup.comAttachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.91,0.09,0.0,True,English,"['Olivier Germain', 'Claudie Pierlot', 'SMCP', 'CEO', 'INVESTORS/PRESS SMCP BRUNSWICK Amélie Dernis Hugues Boëton Tristan Roquet Montegon', 'Euronext Paris regulated market', 'four unique Parisian brands', 'accessible luxury market', 'ESSEC business school', 'valuable business perspective', 'strong digital presence', 'SMCP Executive Committee', 'entire SMCP team', 'Chief Product Officer', 'New Guards Group', 'Claudie Pierlot brand', 'unique expertise', 'strong focus', 'SMCP group', 'new position', 'new chapter', 'English French', 'Press release', 'parent company', 'Isabelle Guichot', 'strategic vision', 'major assets', 'key moment', '40th anniversary', 'two years', 'Palm Angels', 'Heron Peston', 'three years', 'master degree', 'modern literature', 'Tom Ford', 'Alexander McQueen', 'product offer', 'deep understanding', 'pivotal moment', 'key elements', 'global leader', 'key markets', 'Evelyne Chetrite', 'Judith Milgrom', 'creative direction', 'compartment A', 'ISIN Code', 'Olivier Germain', 'same role', 'leadership skills', 'Fursac brands', 'November', 'CEO', 'Sandro', 'Maje', 'appointment', 'course', 'career', 'fashion', 'industry', 'expansion', 'history', 'success', 'Ambush', 'Balmain', 'merchandising', 'retail', 'YSL', 'Dior', 'desirability', 'experiences', 'opportunity', 'development', 'values', 'founder', 'Board', 'Directors', 'trust', '45 countries', 'network', '1,600 stores', 'ticker', 'CONTACTS', 'Attachment']",2022-11-02,2022-11-03,globenewswire.com
12504,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2022/11/02/2546969/0/en/Marel-New-USD-300-million-term-loan.html,Marel: New USD 300 million term loan,On 2 November  Marel signed a new 3-year USD 300m term loan with an initial margin of 250bp on top of Secured Overnight Financing Rate (SOFR). The margin will move in line with the net debt/EBITDA ratio and has a two-year uncommitted extension option.,English IcelandicOn 2 November  Marel signed a new 3-year USD 300m term loan with an initial margin of 250bp on top of Secured Overnight Financing Rate (SOFR). The margin will move in line with the net debt/EBITDA ratio and has a two-year uncommitted extension option.Part of this new financing will be used to repay the EUR 150m multi-currency bridge facility drawn for operational headroom when acquiring Wenger. While Marel is within the acquisition spike and covenant terms of the EUR 700 million revolving facility  Marel and the banking group have agreed on additional covenant headroom as a safety measure for temporary swings in cash flow and operational performance as well as FX volatility.Marel has committed liquidity of EUR 170.3m at the end of 3Q22  and the new loan will increase liquidity to EUR 326.6m including cash at hand.The USD 300m refinancing was signed with the same group of leading international banks providing the EUR 700m revolving facility: ABN AMRO  BNP Paribas  Danske Bank  HSBC  ING  Rabobank  and UniCredit. The banking group mirrors Marel’s geographical presence and is thus well placed to support Marel’s business going forward.Investor RelationsFor further information  please contact Marel Investor Relations via email ir@marel.com or tel. +354 563 8001.About MarelMarel (NASDAQ: MAREL; AEX: MAREL) is a leading global provider of advanced food processing equipment  systems  software  and services to the poultry  meat and fish industries. In line with its 2017- 2026 growth strategy  Marel has gradually expanded its business model into adjacent industries  where most recently the acquisition of Wenger has added a fourth pillar focused on pet food  plant-based protein and aqua feed. Our united team of over 7 000 employees in over 6 continents delivered EUR 1.4 billion in revenues in 2021. Annually  Marel invests around 6% of revenues in innovation. By continuously transforming food processing  we enable our customers to increase yield and throughput  ensure food safety and improve sustainability in food production. Marel was listed on NASDAQ Iceland in 1992 and dual-listed on Euronext Amsterdam in June 2019. For further information  please visit marel.com/ir.,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,mixed,0.57,0.19,0.24,True,English,"['New USD 300 million term loan', 'Marel', 'new 3-year USD 300m term loan', 'EUR 150m multi-currency bridge facility', 'two-year uncommitted extension option', 'EUR 700 million revolving facility', 'EUR 700m revolving facility', 'Secured Overnight Financing Rate', 'advanced food processing equipment', 'USD 300m refinancing', 'net debt/EBITDA ratio', 'leading international banks', 'leading global provider', '2017- 2026 growth strategy', 'additional covenant headroom', 'new loan', 'new financing', 'Marel Investor Relations', 'operational headroom', 'covenant terms', 'pet food', 'food safety', 'food production', 'banking group', 'safety measure', 'temporary swings', 'operational performance', 'FX volatility', 'same group', 'ABN AMRO', 'BNP Paribas', 'Danske Bank', 'geographical presence', 'fish industries', 'adjacent industries', 'fourth pillar', 'plant-based protein', 'aqua feed', 'united team', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'initial margin', 'acquisition spike', 'cash flow', 'business model', 'NASDAQ Iceland', 'Icelandic', '2 November', '250bp', 'top', 'SOFR', 'line', 'Part', 'Wenger', 'liquidity', 'end', '3Q22', 'hand', 'HSBC', 'Rabobank', 'UniCredit', 'information', 'email', 'tel', 'AEX', 'systems', 'software', 'services', 'poultry', 'meat', '7,000 employees', '6 continents', 'revenues', 'innovation', 'customers', 'yield', 'throughput', 'sustainability', 'June']",2022-11-02,2022-11-03,globenewswire.com
12505,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/marel-q3-2022-revenues-36-191400225.html,Marel Q3 2022: Revenues up 36% to EUR 451m and improved EBIT of 10.3%,Executive summary On track towards the 14-16% EBIT target for year-end 2023.Improved operational performance on higher volume enabled by automation...,Marel hf.Executive summaryOn track towards the 14-16% EBIT target for year-end 2023.Improved operational performance on higher volume enabled by automation infrastructure investments  solid customer deliveries  as well as better price/cost coverage.Full benefit of already enacted pricing actions to filter through in coming quarters resulting in better price/cost coverage and gradual margin expansion.Annualized savings from the 5% workforce reduction revised to up to EUR 25m (previously stated EUR 20m)  savings to be realized in coming quarters.Recurring aftermarket revenues of 42% reflecting strong market position as a trusted maintenance partner and underpinning 2026 target to reach 50% in aftermarket revenues.Solid growth in orders received at new price level  healthy order book and pipeline remains strong fueled by pioneering solutions and unique sales and service network globally.Financial highlights Q3 2022Orders received were EUR 427.1m (2Q22: 471.8m  3Q21: 360.6m).Order book 1 was EUR 751.0m (2Q22: 774.5m  3Q21: 527.8m).Revenues were EUR 450.6m (2Q22: 397.3m  3Q21: 331.9m).Book-to-bill is 0.95 and the order book represents 47.3% of 12-month trailing revenuesEBIT 2 was EUR 46.2m (2Q22: 25.0m  3Q21: 36.0m)  translating to an EBIT 2 margin of 10.3% (2Q22: 6.3%  3Q21: 10.8%).Net result was EUR 8.9m (2Q22: 9.6m  3Q21: 23.2m).Basic earnings per share (EPS) were EUR 1.18 cents (2Q22: 1.27 cents  3Q21: 3.10 cents).Cash flow from operating activities before interest and tax was EUR 1.0m (2Q22: 8.4m  3Q21: 19.7m).Free cash flow amounted to EUR -34.8m (2Q22: -7.9m 3Q21: 0.1m)  due to lower EBITDA  higher investments and unfavorable working capital movements.Net debt/EBITDA3 was 3.9x (2Q22: 3.8x  3Q21: 0.9x) following acquisition of Wenger  focus on deleveraging to return to targeted capital structure of 2-3x net debt to EBITDA.Financial highlights 9M 2022Orders received were EUR 1 320.6m (9M21: 1 101.3m).Revenues were EUR 1 219.5m (9M21: 993.4m).EBIT 2 was EUR 102.5m (9M21: 112.6m)  translating to an EBIT 1 margin of 8.4% (9M21: 11.3%).Net result was EUR 40.2m (9M21: 67.7m).Basic earnings per share (EPS) were EUR 5.33 cents (9M21: 9.05 cents).Cash flow from operating activities before interest and tax was EUR 52.1m (9M21: 157.8m).Free cash flow at EUR -28.1m (9M21: 100.2m).Story continuesNotes: 1 Including acquired order book of EUR 81m from Wenger and Sleegers. 2 Operating income adjusted for PPA related costs  including depreciation and amortization and acquisition related expenses. In Q3 2022  operating income is adjusted for restructuring costs due to the 5% headcount reduction. 3 Net debt (including lease liabilities) / Pro-forma LTM EBITDA.Arni Oddur Thordarson  CEO“I am pleased with the unity and performance of team Marel in recent weeks and months. Strong customer deliveries over the quarter resulted in record revenues of EUR 451 million  up 36% year-on-year  thereof 20% organic  with improved EBIT performance of 10.3%. Actions already enacted support our EBIT target of 14-16% run-rate by year-end 2023.Our goal is to transform food processing and be an enabler for a more sustainable industry where automation and digitalization are key. We are as well transforming Marel. Our disciplined investments in past years  in acquisitions as well as innovation and infrastructure  are portfolio management by design. We are taking on game-changing actions to secure Marel’s competitive advantage and market position as a one stop shop for our customers - the food processors of the world - ranging from small butchers to blue-chip processors and leading retailers with global operations. Service revenues continue to rise  reaching 42% of total revenues  compared to 10% in 2005  underpinning our clear target to reach 50% by year-end 2026. We are investing in transformational infrastructure initiatives far above the industry standard  or around 4-5% of sales to become the partner of choice in a new world flow in global supply chain.Our cash flow model is strong with an average cash conversion ratio of 125% throughout the years  albeit lower temporarily due to continued supply chain disruption. Net leverage was 3.9x at quarter-end and our objective is to enter 2024 closer to 2.0x  or the lower end of the targeted range of 2.0-3.0x.Today  we also announce a new 3-year USD 300 million senior loan with a 2-year uncommitted extension option  an acknowledgment of our financial strength and the confidence our long-term banking partners have in Marel and its new platform investment focused on pet food  plant-based proteins  and aqua feed. Part of this new financing will be used to repay the EUR 150m multi-currency bridge facility drawn for operational headroom when acquiring Wenger.We need to ensure the size and scale of our operations reflect current market realities  and the 5% cut in global workforce which took place in Q3 will result in annualized cost savings of up to EUR 25 million going into 2023. At the same time  we need to support long-term profitability and position our business for future growth. To this end  we have been refining our operating model to improve speed and scalability across the organization. With the Focus First program introduced today  we have the right playbook to navigate volatility and create value  foster customer-centricity  enhance end-to-end accountability and enable cross-business collaboration.I am very proud of team Marel  a united group of passionate innovators that have an important role in the green transition taking place. We touch the daily lives of consumers around the world seeking delicious  safe and affordable food that is processed in a sustainable way. In partnership with our customers  we are on a journey to co-create new ways of thinking to the benefit to our industry and the food value chain.”Financial performanceSolid orders received at new price levelOrders received in 3Q22 of EUR 427.1m  down 9.5% QoQ and up 18.4% YoY (2Q22: 471.8m  3Q21: 360.6m). Strong first nine months of the year with combined orders of EUR 1 320.6m  up 19.9% from EUR 1 101.3m in 9M21.Demand for Marel’s pioneering solutions has been strong since 3Q21 with orders above EUR 400m. Based on the new level of market demand  Marel raised its forecast of short-term organic market growth to the range of 6-8%.Need for automation and digitalization investments in food processing continues. Initially accelerated by the pandemic and the accompanying shift in market dynamics in today’s inflationary environment  colored by labor scarcity and geopolitics  the need for further automation and sustainable use of raw materials  energy and water within food processing has become ever more pressing.Pipeline for the poultry and plant  pet and feed segments is at a strong run rate. Outlook for the fish segment is good for the medium-term with some uncertainty in the short term due to Norwegian tax proposal. Continues to be softer for the meat segment  with consumers shifting towards poultry. In North America and Latin America  market demand was on a strong rate  while increased uncertainty due to the war in Ukraine  surging energy prices in addition to rising inflation and interest rates  is softening demand in Europe.Healthy order book of EUR 751m and book-to-bill ratio of 0.95Order book of EUR 751.0m at the end of September  up 42.3% YoY (3Q21: 527.8m)  representing 47.3% of 12-month trailing revenues.Vast majority of the order book is comprised of greenfields and projects  while spare parts and standard equipment run faster through the system. Marel has actively raised prices which are filtering through the order book in this quarter and coming 2-3 quarters. New price/cost levels filtering through varies by business mix (aftermarket ~6-8 weeks  standard equipment ~3-6 months  and larger projects ~9-12 months).Order book consists of orders that have been signed and financially secured with down payments/letters of credit.The book-to-bill ratio in the quarter was 0.95  compared to an average of 1.09 in the past four quarters (4Q21-3Q22)  and reflects the strong revenue growth in the quarter on the back of a record order book in June 2022 and Marel’s timely delivery to customers.Strong revenue growth  both projects and aftermarket at record levels and first full quarter with consolidated revenues from WengerRevenues in the quarter totaled EUR 450.6m  up 13.4% QoQ and 35.8% YoY (2Q22: 397.3m  3Q21: 331.9m)  and revenues in 9M22 were EUR 1 219.5m (9M21: 993.4m). Recent acquisitions contributed EUR 50.7m to revenues in 3Q22.Organic revenue growth in 3Q22 was 19.9% YoY and 15.6% YoY when comparing with the full nine months 2022 to the same period in 2021.Aftermarket revenues  comprised of recurring services and spare parts  were 42% of total revenues in the quarter (2Q22: 41%  3Q21: 40%) and 41% for 9M22 (9M21: 40%).Spare part revenues were at a record level for the fifth sequential quarter  further underpinning Marel’s commitment to investments in automating and digitizing the spare parts delivery model and shortening lead times.Higher volume and solid customer deliveries enabled by infrastructure investments and actions to resolve bottlenecks. Market conditions remain challenging due to parts availability and inefficiencies in manufacturing  as well as higher costs associated with timely delivery.Low customer concentration with no customer accounting for more than 5% of total annual revenues.New revenue level in 2022-2023Marel is targeting gradual step-up in revenue growth in 2022-2023 on the back of a strong order book and orders received at new price levels.Actions in place to facilitate ramp up of revenues to new level include setting up cross-functional teams for critical suppliers  innovating to engineer around switching parts and suppliers where needed.High focus on ramping up production in poultry and salmon  resolving parts availability issues and better load balancing across manufacturing sites.Leveraging strong local sales and service coverage  continued innovation investment  and transformative initiatives in the end-to-end spare parts journey to safeguard competitive position as a trusted maintenance partner.Ramp up of revenues providing better price/cost coverageGross profit margin improvement to 36.0% in the quarter (2Q22: 33.5%  3Q21: 37.1%) and 35.2% in 9M22 (9M21: 36.9%). Gross profit was EUR 162.0m in the quarter (2Q22: 133.1m  3Q21: 123.2m) and EUR 429.1m in 9M22 (9M21: 366.2m).SG&A of 19.7% (2Q22: 21.4%  3Q21: 20.3%) and 20.8% in 9M22 (9M21: 19.4%). Clear target to reach 18% in SG&A by YE23.Sales and marketing (S&M) expenses were at a level of 12.6% of revenues in 3Q22 (2Q22: 13.9%  3Q21: 13.4%). S&M expenses were 13.4% in 9M22 (9M21: 12.5%). Clear target to reach 12.0% in S&M by YE23.General and administrative (G&A) expenses were 7.1% of revenues in the quarter (2Q22: 7.5%  3Q21: 6.9%). G&A was 7.4% of revenues in 9M22 (9M21: 6.9%). Cost saving initiatives in motion to reach YE23 targets  e.g. Shared Services where transition period is resulting in higher costs temporarily.Innovation costs at 5.9% in 3Q22 (2Q22: 5.8%  3Q21: 6.0%) and 5.9% in 9M22 (9M21: 6.1%)  in line with mid-term YE23 target of 6.0%.EBIT1 in the quarter was EUR 46.2m (2Q22: 25.0m  3Q21: 36.0m)  translating to an EBIT1 margin of 10.3% (2Q22: 6.3%  3Q21: 10.8%). EBIT1 in 9M22 was EUR 102.5m (9M21: 112.6m)  translating to an EBIT1 margin of 8.4% (1H21: 11.3%).As stated in 2Q22  strong order book and the full benefit of pricing actions are supporting ramp up in revenues and improving price/cost coverage and operational performance in the second half of 2022  towards the YE23 targets.Improved operational performance in the quarter on the back of better price/cost coverage  increased volume through solid customer deliveries  as well as FX tailwind. Market conditions remain challenging due to parts availability and inefficiencies in manufacturing as well as higher costs associated with timely delivery.Marel adjusts EBIT1 for PPA and acquisition related costs. In Q3 2022  EBIT1 is adjusted for restructuring costs due to the 5% headcount reduction.Energy exposure for Marel is less than 1% of revenues. As part of our sustainability program  we aim to power at least 85% of our manufacturing facilities by renewable electricity by 2026  which stood at 61% at year-end 2021 (2020: 45%).Firm commitment to improve profitability through higher revenues  price execution  and lower costs to reach year-end 2023 targetsIn 2Q22  Marel revised its year-end 2023 financial target to a run-rate of 14-16% EBIT  from the previously stated 16%  allowing for 2% contingency buffer due to volatility in market conditions.Other year-end 2023 financial targets were unchanged  gross profit of around 40%  SG&A of around 18% and innovation at the 6% strategic level.Already enacted pricing actions and volume upside expected to continue to filter through until 2Q23  depending on the time lag by business mix (aftermarket ~6-8 weeks  standard equipment ~3-6 months  and larger projects ~9-12 months) and will support improved price/cost coverage and margin expansion.Annualized cost savings from the 5% workforce reduction worldwide as announced in 2Q22 revised to up to EUR 25m (previously stated EUR 20m). EUR 5.5m one-off cost accounted for and adjusted for in 3Q22 with remainder to be accounted for in 4Q22.Further margin expansion expected from initiatives centered around price/cost discipline  OPEX efficiency  and revenues at a new level  which are expected to add a total of 6% towards the YE23 run-rate target of 14-16% EBIT.Focus First to improve speed and scalability across the organizationMarel announced organizational changes on 2 November 2022.To position Marel for future growth and ensure long-term profitability. Marel is refining its operating model enabling customer-centricity  enhancing end-to-end accountability and ensuring cross-business collaboration.The operating model has seven business divisions  global functions and customer centers. The seven divisions are: Poultry  Meat  Fish  Retail and Food Service Solutions (RFS)  Service  Software Solutions and Plant  Pet and Feed.Functions provide enabling capabilities and expertise to the divisions.‘Customer Centers’ is the new name for the Regions  further building upon the foundation of global reach and local presence that has been built over the last few years. The Customer Centers focus on bringing sales and service efforts together for our customers  creating a truly customer centric experience.Continued investment to position our business for future growthCash capital expenditures excluding R&D investments to be on average 4-5% of revenues in 2021- 2026  thereafter  returning to more normalized levels of below 3% of revenues.To drive the performance improvements needed to reach the 2023 financial targets  Marel will ensure the size and scale of our operations reflect current market realities  and at the same time support long-term profitability and position our business for future growth.The long-term outlook for the industry is unchanged and therefore Marel will continue to invest in the platform  including digital solutions  spare parts handling and streamlining the back end.Continued focus on automating and digitizing the manufacturing platform  supply chain and aftermarket to shorten lead times and support the 2026 target of 50% of revenues coming from service and software.In 3Q22  Marel invested in a new production facility adjacent to its current operations in Nitra  Slovakia. A strategically important investment  in efforts to scale up production in a best-cost location. The 18 700 m2 facility will be officially opened on 3 November and named Nitra West. Expected to be fully operational in 1H23.Ongoing journey to digitize  automate and improve flow and flex in our main poultry facility in Boxmeer  our largest manufacturing facility. Good progress on a new 10.000 m2 warehouse for manufactured parts to improve inbound logistics. Expected to become operational in 1H23.A new and digitalized global distribution center  strategically located in Eindhoven  Netherlands  will become operational in 2024 and shorten lead times to customers  to improve the flow and flex  scale and operational efficiency.Cash flow colored by unfavorable working capital movements and timing of paymentsOperating cash flow was EUR 1.0 m in the quarter (2Q22: 18.4m  3Q21: 19.7m). For the first nine months of the year  operating cash flow was EUR 52.1m (9M21 157.8m).Cash CAPEX excluding R&D investments in 3Q22 were EUR 19.3m (2Q22: 14.2m  3Q21: 9.6m) or 4.3% of revenues.Operating cash flow impacted by the book-to-bill ratio in the quarter of 0.95 as well as unfavorable working capital movements  including timing of invoicing and payments.Free cash flow was EUR -34.8m in the quarter (2Q22: -7.9m  3Q22: 0.1m)  impacted by net working capital movements and continued investments. For the first nine months of the year  free cash flow was EUR -28.1m (9M21: 100.2m).Marel’s cash flow model remains unchanged. Aim to reach historical cash conversion to EBIT1 of ~120% by year-end 2023.Leverage temporarily above target of 2-3xNet leverage was 3.9x at the end of 3Q22 (2Q22: 3.8x  3Q21: 0.9x) elevated by FX impact from stronger USD resulting in higher debts.Objective to enter 2024 closer to 2.0x  or the lower end of the targeted range of 2.0-3.0x  where main drivers of deleveraging will be EBIT improvements and improvements in net working capital.Marel has a strong cash flow model and has shown in the past that it has deleveraged quickly after transformational acquisitions.Temporarily elevated working capital  expected to normalize in coming quarters.New USD 300 million term loan for additional headroom and flexibilityOn 2 November  Marel signed a new 3-year USD 300m term loan with the company’s banking group consisting of ABN AMRO  BNP Paribas  Danske Bank  HSBC  ING  Rabobank  and UniCredit.The new USD 300m term loan has an initial margin of 250bp on top of Secured Overnight Financing Rate (SOFR) that will move in line with the net debt/EBITDA ratio and has a two-year uncommitted extension option.Part of this new financing will be used to repay the EUR 150m multi-currency bridge facility drawn for operational headroom when acquiring Wenger.While Marel is within the acquisition spike and covenant terms of the EUR 700 million revolving facility  Marel and the banking group have agreed on additional covenant headroom as a safety measure for temporary swings in cash flow and operational performance as well as FX volatility.Marel has committed liquidity of EUR 170.3m at the end of 3Q22  and the new loan will increase liquidity to EUR 326.6m including cash at hand.Industry performance Q3 2022Marel Poultry - 47% of total revenues with 16.5% EBIT1 marginOn the way up towards historical profitability  promising pipeline and outlook.Orders received for Marel Poultry were strong in 3Q22 across products  projects and aftermarket. Good mix in orders received in the quarter at the new price level with growth in primary  secondary and consumer-ready solutions. The need for automation and optimized processing for better use of raw materials  energy and water becoming increasingly relevant in an inflationary environment. Consumers are tightening budgets  dining more at home and shifting to affordable proteins like poultry. The Marel Atlas live bird animal handling system reached an important milestone with over 50 systems sold since introduction in 2019. Promising pipeline and outlook  strong in North America and Latin America  supporting stronger volume going forward with favorable product mix.Revenues in 3Q22 for Marel Poultry were EUR 211.3m  up 36.0% YoY (3Q21: 155.4m): Solid customer deliveries over the quarter with several initiatives in infrastructure to improve flow and flex in key manufacturing sites.EBIT1 margin in the quarter was 16.5% (3Q21: 13.7%) and moving up towards historical profitability despite continued margin pressures due to higher costs related to supply chain inefficiencies.Management targets short-term EBIT margin expansion for Marel Poultry. Focus on further revenue ramp up in coming quarters in line with strong orders received at new price level and healthy order book resulting in gradual improvements in operational performance.Two seasoned leaders within the Marel Poultry organization  Dirk den Hartog  Service Director  and Arie Tulp  Sales & Marketing Director are stepping up to co-lead Marel Poultry during the interim period while Roger Claessen  EVP of Marel Poultry  will step in as interim EVP of Marel Meat until a new appointment is announced.Marel Meat - 29% of total revenues with 2.8% EBIT1 marginChallenging market conditions  operational performance below targets and outlook soft.Orders received in 3Q22 for Marel Meat were soft  in particular in primary processing projects. Challenging market conditions where geopolitics  sanctions and lockdowns in China are having a significant impact on the meat industry. Additionally  double digit inflation and focus on sustainability is shifting consumer preferences from meat to poultry and plant-based proteins. Focus forward is on modernization opportunities within primary meat and bringing pioneering solutions to the market in secondary processing to improve the seamless flow.Outlook for North America and Latin America is promising while softer for other geographies in current market conditions. Marel is investing in several infrastructure initiatives to support aftermarket sales and modernization opportunities within primary meat. Recent product launches in secondary processing show higher efficiency  e.g. optimizing for exact fat/lean ratio for minced meat  increasing in relevance in inflationary environment.Revenues in 3Q22 for Marel Meat were below targets at EUR 131.1m  up 5.3% YoY (3Q21: 124.5m) due to soft order book and lower volumes  continued supply chain inefficiencies and unbalanced load between manufacturing sites.EBIT1 margin in 3Q22 of 2.8% (3Q21: 8.6%) where the improvement compared to 2Q22 is due to product mix. High focus on making necessary changes to achieve improved operational performance. Management continues to target EBIT margin expansion for Marel Meat.David Wilson  EVP of Marel Meat  is stepping down and will be leaving Marel. Marel would like to sincerely thank David for his valuable contribution  commitment and loyalty over his 24-year career at the company and wish him every success in his future endeavors.Marel Fish - 10% of total revenues with -5.5% EBIT1 marginOperational performance below expectations  focus on improved productivity and cost efficiency.Orders received for Marel Fish were good in 3Q22  although softer compared to the past two record quarters. Pipeline expected to continue at a good level  although the short-term outlook for salmon industry’s investment appetite is colored by the Norwegian government’s new tax proposal for sea-based salmon farmers. Several new solutions recently launched for the whitefish market. The first automated tilapia filleting machine  FilleXia  is revolutionizing the tilapia processing industry that until now has relied on a large  highly skilled workforce to fillet the fish manually.Revenues in 3Q22 for Marel Fish were EUR 43.6m  up 15.6% YoY (3Q21: 37.7m) while down 16.2% compared to 2Q22 which was a record quarter in customer deliveries.EBIT1 margin in 3Q22 was -5.5% (3Q21: 6.6%) and below expectations impacted by integration costs (not adjusted for) due to fast track on integration of Curio and Valka  as well as product mix  weighted towards projects over standard equipment.Insolvency proceedings of Stranda Prolog resulted in a EUR 7.0m write-off for Marel in 3Q22  categorized as investments in associates  and as such does not impact operational performance (EBIT)  though it impacts net result.Management continues to target EBIT margin expansion for Marel Fish. Focus on faster conversion from strong order book to revenues  in addition to improved product mix  productivity and cost efficiency through load balancing in key locations.Marel Plant  Pet and Feed (Wenger platform) - 12% of total revenues with 15.7% EBIT1 marginNew segment in Marel’s reporting focused on pet food  plant-based protein and aqua feed.Q3 2022 is the first quarter where the newly acquired Wenger business is consolidated in Marel’s segment reporting under the name of ‘Marel Plant  Pet and Feed’  which also includes sales of retail and food service solutions into this market segment.Wenger  a global leader in extrusion and dryer solutions focused on high growth markets of pet food  plant-based protein and aqua feed  was successfully closed for a total investment of USD 540m on 9 June 2022. US-based Wenger enjoys a diversified and loyal customer base ranging from blue-chip pet food processors to startup companies in plant-based proteins. Over 60% of Wenger’s revenues derive from pet food where the company has a global leading position  and over 40% of revenues come from aftermarket services. Orders received were in line with expectations across the segments  and pipeline looks promising albeit softer for aqua feed due to Norwegian tax proposal.Revenues in 3Q22 were EUR 55.9m  including EUR 9.0m in revenues that were historically reported under the other segment. Wenger performed well in line with expectations with stronger 2H compared to 1H due to timing of orders and shipments. Wenger’s revenues have grown organically approximately 5% in 2017-2021. Revenues expected around USD 190m in FY22.EBIT1 margin in 3Q22 of 15.7%  driven by the expected Wenger EBIT margin of 14-15% in addition to favorable product mix from sales of retail and food service solutions into the segment.Notes: Revenues from Wenger were allocated to the Other segment as of closing 9 June 2022 until end of Q2 2022. As of Q3 2022  Wenger has become part of segment reporting alongside the poultry  meat and fish business segments  under the name ‘Plant  Pet and Feed’. In 3Q22  revenues for Plant  Pet and Feed were EUR 55.9m  including EUR 9.0m in revenues that were historically reported under the Other segment. 1 Operating income adjusted for PPA related costs  including depreciation and amortization and acquisition related expenses. In Q3 2022  operating income is adjusted for restructuring costs due to the 5% headcount reduction.OutlookIn 2Q22  Marel revised its year-end 2023 financial target to a run-rate of 14-16% EBIT  from the previously stated 16%  allowing for 2% contingency buffer due to volatility in market conditions. Other 2023 financial targets are unchanged  gross profit of around 40%  SG&A of around 18% and innovation at the 6% strategic level.Market conditions remain challenging due to continued supply chain disruption and inflation at high levels resulting in inefficiencies in manufacturing and aftermarket  and higher costs associated with timely delivery. Marel is targeting a gradual build-up of revenues and operational performance in 2022-2023  based on a strong order book with better price/cost coverage in new orders. Marel is experiencing strong demand for its solutions  software and services driven by an accelerating focus on automation  robotics technology and digital solutions that support sustainable food processing.In the period 2017-2026  Marel is targeting 12% average annual revenue growth through market penetration and innovation  complemented by strategic partnerships and acquisitions.Maintaining solid operational performance and strong cash flow is expected to support 5-7% revenue growth on average by acquisition.Marel’s management expects average annual market growth of 4-6% in the long term. Marel aims to grow organically faster than the market  driven by innovation and growing market penetration.Management believes that market growth will be at a level of 6-8% in the medium term (2021-2026)  due to catch up effect from the past five years and a tailwind in the market.Recurring aftermarket revenues to reach 50% of total revenues by YE26  including software and services.Marel’s management expects basic EPS to grow faster than revenues.Cash capital expenditures excluding R&D investments are expected to increase to on average 4-5% of revenues in 2021-2026  thereafter  returning to more normalized levels.Growth is not expected to be linear but based on opportunities and economic fluctuations. Operational results may vary from quarter to quarter due to general economic developments  fluctuations in orders received and timing of deliveries of larger systems.Q3 2022 investor meeting on 3 November 2022 at 9:30 CETOn Thursday 3 November 2022  at 8:30 am GMT (9:30 am CET)  Marel will host an investor meeting where senior management will give an overview of the financial results and operational highlights in the third quarter of the year.The investor meeting will be held at the company’s headquarters in Austurhraun 9  Gardabaer  Iceland. Breakfast will be served from 8:00 am GMT.The meeting will be streamed live on marel.com/webcast and a recording will be made available after the meeting on marel.com/ir.Members of the investment community can join the conference call by dialing:IS: +354 800 7437 (PIN 84639778#)NL: +31 20 721 9495UK: +44 33 3300 9035US: +1 646 722 4956Upcoming investor events in 2022-2023Marel regularly engages with market participants during non-deal roadshows  equity sales briefings  conferences  and other events. Here are some of Marel’s upcoming investor events in 2022:Berenberg European Conference  London  7-8 DecemberJefferies Pan-European Mid-Cap Conference  London  28-29 MarchUpcoming trade shows and events in 2022-2023Marel regularly participates in exhibitions around the world where it showcases the company’s innovative solutions. In addition  Marel hosts its own trade shows and KnowHows in the company’s demonstration facilities. Here are some of Marel’s upcoming events in 2022-2023:Gulfood in Dubai  UAE  8-10 NovemberChina Fisheries in Quingdao  China  9-11 NovemberCIMIE in Quingdao  China  17-19 NovemberIPPE in Atlanta  USA  24-26 JanuaryVIV Asia in Bangkok  Thailand  8-10 MarchSeafood Expo North America in Boston  USA  12-14 MarchCFIA in Rennes  France  14-16 MarchSeafood Processing Europe in Barcelona  Spain  25-27 AprilFinancial calendarMarel will publish its financial results according to the below financial calendar:Q4 2023 – 8 February 2023AGM – 22 March 2023Financial results will be disclosed and published after market closing of both Nasdaq Iceland and Euronext Amsterdam.Investor relationsFor further information  please contact Marel Investor Relations via email ir@marel.com or tel. +354 563 8001.About MarelMarel (NASDAQ: MAREL; AEX: MAREL) is a leading global provider of advanced food processing equipment  systems  software  and services to the poultry  meat and fish industries. In line with its 2017- 2026 growth strategy  Marel has gradually expanded its business model into adjacent industries  where most recently the acquisition of Wenger has added a fourth pillar focused on pet food  plant-based protein and aqua feed. Our united team of over 7 000 employees in over 6 continents delivered EUR 1.4 billion in revenues in 2021. Annually  Marel invests around 6% of revenues in innovation. By continuously transforming food processing  we enable our customers to increase yield and throughput  ensure food safety and improve sustainability in food production. Marel was listed on NASDAQ Iceland in 1992 and dual-listed on Euronext Amsterdam in June 2019. For further information  please visit marel.com/ir.Forward-looking statementsStatements in this press release that are not based on historical facts are forward-looking statements. Although such statements are based on management’s current estimates and expectations  forward-looking statements are inherently uncertain. We therefore caution the reader that there are a variety of factors that could cause business conditions and results to differ materially from what is contained in our forward-looking statements  and that we do not undertake to update any forward-looking statements. All forward-looking statements are qualified in their entirety by this cautionary statement.Market share dataStatements regarding market share  including those regarding Marel’s competitive position  are based on outside sources such as research institutes  industry and dealer panels in combination with management estimates. Where information is not yet available to Marel  those statements may also be based on estimates and projections prepared by outside sources or management. Rankings are based on sales unless otherwise stated.Attachments,neutral,0.06,0.93,0.0,mixed,0.69,0.16,0.15,True,English,"['Marel Q3', 'Revenues', 'EUR', 'EBIT', 'new 3-year USD 300 million senior loan', 'EUR 150m multi-currency bridge facility', '2-year uncommitted extension option', 'unfavorable working capital movements', 'continued supply chain disruption', 'average cash conversion ratio', 'new price level', 'new platform investment', 'global supply chain', 'Arni Oddur Thordarson', 'Strong customer deliveries', 'one stop shop', 'current market realities', 'solid customer deliveries', 'PPA related costs', 'long-term banking partners', 'gradual margin expansion', 'transformational infrastructure initiatives', 'cash flow model', 'strong market position', 'trusted maintenance partner', '12-month trailing revenues', 'acquisition related expenses', 'Pro-forma LTM EBITDA', 'new world flow', 'Free cash flow', '2-3x net debt', 'Recurring aftermarket revenues', 'annualized cost savings', 'healthy order book', '14-16% EBIT target', 'automation infrastructure investments', 'new financing', 'capital structure', '3 Net debt', 'Annualized savings', 'Solid growth', 'restructuring costs', 'long-term profitability', 'higher investments', 'disciplined investments', 'global workforce', 'EBIT 2 margin', 'EBIT 1 margin', 'Net result', 'Net debt/EBITDA3', 'Net leverage', 'Executive summary', 'higher volume', 'price/cost coverage', 'Full benefit', 'coming quarters', '5% workforce reduction', 'pioneering solutions', 'service network', 'Financial highlights', 'Basic earnings', 'operating activities', 'lower EBITDA', '2 Operating income', '5% headcount reduction', 'lease liabilities', 'recent weeks', 'record revenues', 'sustainable industry', 'portfolio management', 'competitive advantage', 'small butchers', 'blue-chip processors', 'leading retailers', 'Service revenues', 'total revenues', 'clear target', 'industry standard', 'lower end', 'targeted range', 'financial strength', 'plant-based proteins', 'aqua feed', 'operational headroom', 'same time', 'global operations', 'operational performance', 'pricing actions', 'food processing', 'game-changing actions', 'food processors', 'EBIT performance', 'unique sales', 'past years', 'Marel hf', 'team Marel', '2026 target', 'track', 'year-end', 'orders', 'pipeline', '3Q21', 'bill', 'share', 'EPS', 'interest', 'tax', 'Wenger', 'deleveraging', '9.05 cents', 'Story', 'Notes', 'Sleegers', 'depreciation', 'amortization', 'Q3', 'CEO', 'unity', 'months', 'goal', 'enabler', 'digitalization', 'acquisitions', 'innovation', 'design', 'customers', 'choice', 'quarter-end', 'objective', 'acknowledgment', 'confidence', 'size', 'scale', '5% cut', 'place', '1.27', '3.10', '2.0']",2022-11-02,2022-11-03,finance.yahoo.com
12506,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/coca-cola-europacific-partners-plc-070000728.html,Coca-Cola Europacific Partners plc Announces Q3  Investor Event & Interim Dividend Declaration,Strong third quarter  upgrading FY22 guidance  declaring record dividend & raising mid-term objectives,"This announcement contains inside informationCOCA-COLA EUROPACIFIC PARTNERSTrading update for the third quarter ended 30 September 2022 & interim dividend declarationUXBRIDGE  UK / ACCESSWIRE / November 2  2022 / Strong third quarter  upgrading FY22 guidance  declaring record dividend & raising mid-term objectivesChange vs 2021 Change vs 2021 (Pro Forma) Revenue Volume(UC)[1] Revenue per UC[1] Comparable[2] Volume Revenue per UC[1] [5] FXN[2] revenue Revenue Pro forma comparable volume [3] Pro forma revenue per UC[3] Pro forma FXN revenue[3] Pro forma revenue[3] Q3 2022 Europe €3 820m 736m €5.19 12.0% 5.0% 17.5% 17.5% - - - - API €925m 152m €5.61 9.5% 11.5% 21.0% 32.0% - - - - CCEP €4 745m 888m €5.26 11.5% 6.0% 18.0% 20.0% - - - - YTD 2022 Europe €10 271m 2 012m €5.09 13.5% 4.5% 18.5% 19.0% 13.5% 4.5% 18.5% 19.0% API €2 754m 494m €5.27 101.5% 5.0% 111.0% 123.5% 8.0% 6.0% 13.5% 20.5% CCEP €13 025m 2 506m €5.12 24.5% 5.0% 30.0% 32.0% 12.5% 5.0% 17.5% 19.0%Damian Gammell  Chief Executive Officer  said:""We are pleased to have delivered another strong quarter following a great first half. We achieved solid top line growth and value share gains across our markets. Key to this was the continued recovery of the away from home channel  a return to travel and tourism for many consumers  great summer weather in Europe and a resilient home channel. Our focus on core brands  leading in-market execution  and further price and mix  delivered volume and revenue  across both channels  ahead of 2019. And we continued to make progress against our sustainability commitments  globally recognised as the recipient of the Coca-Cola system's 2021 ESG award.""Given our strong year to date performance  we are raising top line  bottom line and free cash flow guidance for FY22 and declaring a record dividend. We are confident in the resilience of our robust categories and the strength of the relationships we have with our customers  who continue to share in our success  despite a more uncertain outlook. We are also effectively managing key levers of pricing* and promotional spend across our broad pack offering  alongside our focus on efficiency.Story continues""Our success will continue to be determined by our great people  great service  great beverages  done sustainably. We are a bigger and better  more diverse and resilient business  enhanced by our bold and fantastic acquisition last year. Alongside our strong performance this year  we are today committing to even more ambitious objectives over the mid-term. In combination with over €5bn of shareholder returns since 2016  this demonstrates the strength of our business and ability to deliver continued shareholder value. We have the platform and momentum to go even further together for a greater future. We look forward to providing more details at today's Capital Markets Event in London.""Note: All footnotes included after the 'About CCEP' section; *refers to headline pricingQ3 HIGHLIGHTS[2] [3]Q3 Reported revenue +20.0%; Fx-neutral revenue +18.0%NARTD YTD value share gains [4] across measured channels both in-store (+20bps) & online (+100bps)Comparable volume +11.5% [6] (+5.5% vs 2019) driven by the continued recovery of the away from home (AFH) channel  with the return of tourism & favourable weather supporting volume growth in Europe & soft comparables in API due to prior year restrictions (API Q3 2021 volume -2.0% vs 2020)Strong AFH comparable volume: +16.0% (+2.0% vs 2019) reflecting the continued recovery of the AFH channel across both Europe (+16.5% vs 2021) & API (+13.5% vs 2021)Resilient Home comparable volume: +8.5% (+8.5% vs 2019) driven by continuing at-home consumption trends & solid in-market executionRevenue per unit case +6.0%[1] [5] (+10.0%[7] vs 2019) reflecting favourable price realisation across all markets  including the benefit of additional underlying pricing coming through in some markets  alongside positive pack & channel mix led by the continued recovery of the AFH channelDividendDeclaring second half interim dividend per share of €1.12 (to be paid December)Resulting in record full year dividend per share of €1.68 (+20.0% vs 2021 & +35.5% vs 2019)  maintaining annualised total dividend payout ratio of approximately 50%[8]. Equating to a total absolute dividend of €767mOtherReorientation of the API portfolio to maximise system value creation to enable greater focus on NARTD  RTD alcohol & spirits well advanced. Sale of NARTD own brands to The Coca-Cola Company for A$275m substantially complete. Expected to be fully complete by the end of the yearInnovation highlights: new limited edition Coca-Cola Creations flavour  Dreamland  Sprite Lemon+ & Monster flavour extensions (including Monster Ultra Rosa & Monster Reserve White Pineapple)Sustainability highlights: Winner of 2021 J. Paul Austin Award  recognising ESG performance in the Coca-Cola System Launched sustainability-linked supply chain finance programme Achieved 100% renewable electricity commitment three years early in New Zealand (NZ) Continued rollout of new attached caps to PET bottles  now in GB  Germany  Spain  Sweden & the NetherlandsFY22 GUIDANCE[2] [3]The outlook for FY22 reflects current market conditions. Unless otherwise stated  guidance is provided on a pro forma comparable & FX-neutral basis. FX is expected to increase FX-neutral guidance by approximately 150 basis points for the full year.Revenue: pro forma comparable growth of 15-16% (previously 11-13%)Weighted towards volume over price/mix reflecting recovery of the AFH channelCost of sales per unit case: pro forma comparable growth of ~8.5% (previously ~7.5%)Stronger volume recovery supporting favourable overhead absorptionCommodity inflation expected to be up low twenties (previously high teens)FY22 hedge coverage >95%Operating profit: pro forma comparable growth of 11-12% (previously 9-11%)Remain on track to deliver on previously announced efficiency savings & API combination benefits & continued focus on optimising discretionary spendComparable effective tax rate: ~22% (previously 22-23%)Diluted EPS: pro forma comparable growth of 14-15% based on actual FX ratesFree cash flow: at least €1.8bn (previously at least €1.6bn) reflecting strong year to date performance & working capital initiativesFY23 OUTLOOK[2]Top lineMarket remaining resilient  mindful of uncertain outlookAnnualisation of FY22 second underlying pricing increasesNARTD category (retail sales value) expected to grow high single digit  driven by price & mixBottom lineCost of sales Commodities: expected to be up mid-teens (previously high single digit); ~60% hedge coverage Concentrate: directly linked to revenue per unit case through the incidence pricing model Low overall FX transactional exposure (<10%)Continued delivery of efficiency programmesUPDATED MID-TERM OBJECTIVES & INVESTOR EVENT HIGHLIGHTS[2]Updated mid-term objectivesRevenue: growth of ~4%[5] (raised  previously low single digit)Comparable operating profit: growth of ~7%[5] (raised  previously mid single digit)Free cash flow: ~€1.7bn (raised  previously at least €1.25bn)Net Debt/Adjusted EBITDA: 2.5X - 3.0X (maintained) & focused on reaching top end of target leverage range by end of FY23ROIC: ~+50bps p.a. (raised  previously ~+40bps p.a.)Capex: ~4-5% of revenue[9] (updated  previously ~5% of revenue[9])Dividend payout ratio: ~50%[8] (maintained)Other highlightsNARTD market is large & growing: estimated at €130bn in 2022; CAGR 2023-27 estimated at around ~3-4% [17]Announcing new €350-400m efficiency programme to be delivered by the end of FY28 (cash cost to deliver included within FCF guidance)Sustainability: updating our commitments & targets to include API marketsFor more details  the investor event presentation will be made available at www.cocacolaep.com from 12:30 GMT  13:30 CET & 8:30 a.m. EDT. For details of the webcast see page 6.The person responsible for arranging for the release of this announcement on behalf of the Company is Clare Wardle  Company Secretary.Third-Quarter & Year-To-Date Revenue Performance by Geography[2]All values are unaudited and all references to volumes are on a comparable basisQ3 YTD (Pro forma)[3] Fx-neutral Fx-neutral € million % change % change € million % change % change Great Britain 830 15.5 % 15.5 % 2 293 20.0 % 18.0 % France[11] 568 22.5 % 22.5 % 1 585 16.5 % 16.5 % Germany 733 15.5 % 15.5 % 2 029 17.5 % 17.5 % Iberia[12] 970 22.0 % 22.0 % 2 341 25.5 % 25.5 % Northern Europe[13] 719 13.0 % 13.0 % 2 023 14.0 % 14.0 % Total Europe 3 820 17.5 % 17.5 % 10 271 19.0 % 18.5 % API[10] (Pro forma)[3] 925 32.0 % 21.0 % 2 754 20.5 % 13.5 % Total CCEP (Pro forma)[3] 4 745 20.0 % 18.0 % 13 025 19.0 % 17.5 %APIQ3 volume growth reflects solid trading in Australia & NZ  further supported by the recovery of the AFH channel with soft comparables in all markets from cycling tough restrictions last year. Solid strategy & execution to navigate industry-wide supply constraints in Australia & NZ also supported volume growth.Coca-Cola No Sugar outperformed in Australia & NZ  & Monster volume grew in all markets.Revenue/UC[14] growth driven by positive channel & pack mix from the recovery of the AFH channel  underlying price & promotional optimisation in Australia.FranceQ3 volume growth reflects strong trading in the AFH channel  with favourable weather & the recovery of tourism leading to double-digit volume growth versus 2019. Home channel demand remained resilient  also achieving double-digit volume growth versus 2019. Strong overall performance despite industry-wide supply constraints.Coca-Cola Original Taste & Zero Sugar  Fuze Tea  Capri-Sun & Monster outperformed  with volume ahead of 2019.Revenue/UC[14] growth driven by further underlying price & positive customer mix from the continued recovery of the AFH channel.GermanyQ3 volume growth reflects the continued recovery of the AFH channel  further supported by favourable weather. Continued strong performance in the Home channel supported by the successful navigation of industry-wide supply constraints & the border trade business resulted in volume ahead of 2019.Coca-Cola Zero Sugar  Fuze Tea & Monster outperformed  with volume ahead of 2019.Revenue/UC[14] growth driven by underlying price  positive brand mix (e.g. Monster volume +20.0% in Q3) & pack mix from the continued recovery of the AFH channel.Great BritainQ3 volume growth reflects continued strong trading in the AFH channel  with favourable weather contributing towards double-digit volume growth vs 2019. Higher at-home consumption trends led to resilient demand in the Home channel  also achieving double-digit volume growth versus 2019.Coca-Cola Zero Sugar  Fanta  Sprite & Monster outperformed  with volume ahead of 2019.Revenue/UC[14] growth driven by underlying price & promotional optimisation  alongside positive pack mix led by IC packs e.g. small PET volume +13.5% in Q3.IberiaQ3 volume growth reflects momentum in the AFH channel recovery  achieving volume ahead of 2019 levels  supported by the continued recovery of tourism & favourable weather. The increased Spanish VAT rate continued to impact volume within the Home channel.Coca-Cola Zero Sugar & Monster both outperformed  with volume ahead of 2019.Revenue/UC[14] growth driven by further underlying price & positive pack & channel mix led by the on-going recovery of the AFH channel e.g. small glass volume +12.0% in Q3.Northern EuropeQ3 volume growth reflects continued trading momentum in the AFH channel. Continued strong demand in the Home channel supported overall volume growth ahead of 2019.Coca-Cola Zero Sugar  Fanta & Monster all outperformed  with volume ahead of 2019.Revenue/UC[14] growth driven by underlying price  alongside positive pack & channel mix from the continued recovery of the AFH channel e.g. small glass volume +16.5% in Q3.Third-Quarter & Year-To-Date Volume Performance by Category[2] [3] [6]All values are unaudited and all references to volumes are on a comparable basisQ3 YTD (Pro forma)[3] % of Total % Change % of Total % Change Sparkling 83.0 % 10.5 % 84.0 % 11.5 % Coca-Cola® 57.5 % 8.5% 58.0 % 10.0 % Flavours  Mixers & Energy 25.5 % 15.0 % 26.0 % 15.5 % Stills 17.0 % 16.5 % 16.0 % 16.0 % Hydration 9.0% 24.5 % 8.0% 21.0 % RTD Tea  RTD Coffee  Juices & Other[15] 8.0% 8.5% 8.0% 11.0 % Total 100.0% 11.5% 100.0% 12.5%Coca-Cola®Q3 Original Taste +11.0%; Lights +5.5% driven by solid trading in both channels  supported by the continued recovery of the AFH channel & on-going solid performance of the reformulated & rebranded Coca-Cola Zero Sugar (+11.0%; +25.0% vs 2019)Coca-Cola Zero Sugar gained value share[4] of Total Cola +60bpsFlavours  Mixers & EnergyQ3 Fanta +20.0% driven by solid trading in both channels  supported by the continued recovery of the AFH channelQ3 Energy +25.5% vs 2021 & +55.5% vs 2019 led by Monster; gaining +140bps of value share [4] .Solid growth supported by exciting innovation & solid in-market executionHydrationQ3 Water +24.5% reflecting the continued recovery of the AFH channel & increased mobilityQ3 Water in decline vs 2019 (-20.0%)  partially offset by Sports (+17.5%) following a post pandemic resurgenceRTD Tea  RTD Coffee  Juices & Other[15]Q3 Juice drinks in decline -2.5% vs 2019 driven by SKU rationalisation in Indonesia. Continued growth in Europe led by Capri-Sun (+18.0% vs 2021 & +33.5% vs 2019)Q3 RTD Tea in growth vs 2019  led by Fuze Tea (+41.0% [16] ) & continuing to grow value share in Europe [4] [16]Q3 Alcohol delivered strong growth in Australia (+9.5% vs 2021 & +8.5% vs 2019) driven mainly by RTD AlcoholInvestor Event Webcast2 November 2022 at 12:30 GMT  13:30 CET & 8:30 a.m. EDT; accessible via www.cocacolaep.comBroadcast  replay & transcript will be available at www.cocacolaep.com as soon as possibleDividendThe CCEP Board of Directors declared a second-half interim dividend of €1.12 per share The interim dividend is payable 7 December 2022 to those shareholders of record on 18 November 2022 CCEP will pay the interim dividend in euros to holders of shares on Euronext Amsterdam  the Spanish Stock Exchanges & London Stock Exchange Other publicly held shares will be converted into an equivalent US dollar amount using exchange rates issued by WM/Reuters taken at 16:00 GMT on 2 November 2022. This translated amount will be posted on our website here: https://ir.cocacolaep.com/shareholder-information-and-tools/dividendsFinancial CalendarPreliminary unaudited full-year 2022 results: 16 February 2023Financial calendar available here: https://ir.cocacolaep.com/financial-calendar/ContactsInvestor Relations Sarah Willett Claire Michael Claire Copps +44 7970 145 218 +44 7528 251 033 +44 7980 775 889 Media Relations Shanna Wendt Nick Carter +44 7976 595 168 +44 7976 595 275About CCEPCoca-Cola Europacific Partners is one of the world's leading consumer goods companies. We make  move and sell some of the world's most loved brands - serving 600 million consumers and helping 1.75 million customers across 29 countries grow.We combine the strength and scale of a large  multi-national business with an expert  local knowledge of the customers we serve and communities we support.The Company is currently listed on Euronext Amsterdam  the NASDAQ Global Select Market  London Stock Exchange and on the Spanish Stock Exchanges  trading under the symbol CCEP.For more information about CCEP  please visit www.cocacolaep.com & follow CCEP on Twitter at @CocaColaEP.___________________1. A unit case equals approximately 5.678 litres or 24 8-ounce servings2. Refer to 'Note Regarding the Presentation of Pro forma financial information and Alternative Performance Measures' for further details and to 'Supplementary Financial Information' for a reconciliation of reported to comparable and reported to pro forma comparable results; Change percentages against prior year equivalent period unless stated otherwise3. Comparative pro forma figures as if the acquisition of Coca-Cola Amatil Limited occurred at 1 January 2021 presented for illustrative purposes only  it is not intended to estimate or predict future financial performance or what actual results would have been. Acquisition completed on 10 May 2021. Prepared on a basis consistent with CCEP accounting policies for the period 1 January to 10 May 2021. Refer to 'Note Regarding the Presentation of Pro forma financial information and Alternative Performance Measures' for further details4. Combined NARTD (non-alcoholic ready to drink) NielsenIQ Global Track YTD data for BE  DE  ES  FR  NL  NO  PT & SE to 28.Aug.22; GB to 27.Aug.22; NZ to 11.Sep.22; IND to 15.Aug.22; NARTD IRI data for AUS to 28.Aug.22. Online Data is for available markets YTD GB to 13.Aug.22 (Retailer data) + 27.Aug.22 (NielsenIQ)  ES  FR  NL & SE to 28.Aug.22 (NielsenIQ)  AUS to 28.Aug.22 (Retailer Data)5. Comparable & Fx-neutral6. No selling day shift in Q3; YTD adjusted for 1 less selling day in Q1; YTD pro forma volume +12.0%7. Management's best estimate8. Dividends subject to Board approval9. Excluding payments of principal on lease obligations10. Includes Australia  New Zealand & the Pacific Islands  Indonesia & Papua New Guinea11. Includes France & Monaco12. Includes Spain  Portugal & Andorra13. Includes Belgium  Luxembourg  the Netherlands  Norway  Sweden & Iceland14. Revenue per unit case15. RTD refers to Ready to Drink; Other includes Alcohol & Coffee16. Europe only17. CCEP internal estimates based on Global Data 2023-2027Forward-Looking StatementsThis document contains statements  estimates or projections that constitute ""forward-looking statements"" concerning the financial condition  performance  results  strategy and objectives of Coca-Cola Europacific Partners plc and its subsidiaries (together CCEP or the Group). Generally  the words ""ambition""  ""target""  ""aim""  ""believe""  ""expect""  ""intend""  ""estimate""  ""anticipate""  ""project""  ""plan""  ""seek""  ""may""  ""could""  ""would""  ""should""  ""might""  ""will""  ""forecast""  ""outlook""  ""guidance""  ""possible""  ""potential""  ""predict""  ""objective"" and similar expressions identify forward-looking statements  which generally are not historical in nature.Forward-looking statements are subject to certain risks that could cause actual results to differ materially from CCEP's historical experience and present expectations or projections  including with respect to the acquisition of Coca-Cola Amatil Limited and its subsidiaries (together ""CCL"" or ""API"") completed on 10 May 2021 (the ""Acquisition""). As a result  undue reliance should not be placed on forward-looking statements  which speak only as of the date on which they are made. These risks include but are not limited to:1. those set forth in the ""Risk Factors"" section of CCEP's 2021 Annual Report on Form 20-F filed with the SEC on 15 March 2022 and as updated and supplemented with the additional information set forth in the ""Principal Risks and Risk Factors"" section of the H1 2022 Half-year Report filed with the SEC on 4 August 2022;2. risks and uncertainties relating to the Acquisition  including the risk that the businesses will not be integrated successfully or such integration may be more difficult  time consuming or costly than expected  which could result in additional demands on CCEP's resources  systems  procedures and controls  disruption of its ongoing business and diversion of management's attention from other business concerns;3. the extent to which COVID-19 will continue to affect CCEP and the results of its operations  financial condition and cash flows will depend on future developments that are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted  including the scope and duration of the pandemic and actions taken by governmental authorities and other third parties in response to the pandemic;4. risks and uncertainties relating to the global supply chain  including impact from war in Ukraine  such as the risk that the business will not be able to guarantee sufficient supply of raw materials  supplies  finished goods  natural gas and oil and increased state-sponsored cyber risks;5. risks and uncertainties relating to the global economy and/or a potential recession in one or more countries  including risks from elevated inflation  price increases  price elasticity  disposable income of consumers and employees  pressure on and from suppliers  increased fraud  and the perception or manifestation of a global economic downturn; and6. risks and uncertainties relating to potential global energy crisis  with potential interruptions and shortages in the global energy supply  specifically the natural gas supply in our territories. Energy shortages at our sites  our suppliers and customers could cause interruptions to our supply chain and capability to meet our production and distribution targets. The impacts  including potential increases in energy prices  are expected to be exacerbated during the approaching colder months of the year.Due to these risks  CCEP's actual future results  dividend payments  capital and leverage ratios  growth  including growth in revenue  cost of sales per unit case and operating profit  free cash flow  market share  tax rate  efficiency savings  achievement of sustainability goals  including net zero emissions  and the results of the integration of the businesses following the Acquisition  including expected efficiency and combination savings  may differ materially from the plans  goals  expectations and guidance set out in forward-looking statements (including those issued by CCL prior to the Acquisition). These risks may also adversely affect CCEP's share price. Additional risks that may impact CCEP's future financial condition and performance are identified in filings with the SEC which are available on the SEC's website at www.sec.gov. CCEP does not undertake any obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements  whether as a result of new information  future events  or otherwise  except as required under applicable rules  laws and regulations. Furthermore  CCEP assumes no responsibility for the accuracy and completeness of any forward-looking statements. Any or all of the forward-looking statements contained in this filing and in any other of CCEP's or CCL's public statements (whether prior or subsequent to the Acquisition) may prove to be incorrect.Note Regarding the Presentation of Pro forma financial information and Alternative Performance MeasuresPro forma financial informationPro forma financial information has been provided in order to illustrate the effects of the acquisition of Coca-Cola Amatil Limited (referred to as CCL pre acquisition  API post acquisition) on the results of operations of CCEP in 2021 and allow for greater comparability of the results of the combined group between periods. The pro forma financial information for 2021 has been prepared for illustrative purposes only and because of its nature  addresses a hypothetical situation. It is based on information and assumptions that CCEP believes are reasonable. For further information  refer to our 2021 Annual Report on Form 20-F filed with the SEC on 15 March 2022  which provides further details on our non-GAAP performance measures and reconciles  where applicable  our results as reported under IFRS to Pro forma financial information and non-GAAP performance measures.The Pro forma financial information presented in this document reflects the inclusion of API revenue as if the acquisition had occurred at 1 January 2021 and prepared on a basis consistent with CCEP accounting policies.The pro forma financial information does not intend to represent what CCEP's results of operations actually would have been if the acquisition had been completed on the dates indicated  nor does it intend to represent  predict or estimate the results of operations for any future period or financial position at any future date. In addition  it does not reflect ongoing cost savings that CCEP expects to achieve as a result of the acquisition or the costs necessary to achieve these cost savings or synergies. As pro forma information is prepared to illustrate retrospectively the effects of future transactions  there are limitations that are inherent to the nature of pro forma information. As such  had the acquisition taken place on the dates assumed  the actual effects would not necessarily have been the same as those presented in the Pro Forma financial information contained herein.Alternative Performance MeasuresWe use certain alternative performance measures (non-GAAP performance measures) to make financial  operating and planning decisions and to evaluate and report performance. We believe these measures provide useful information to investors and as such  where clearly identified  we have included certain alternative performance measures in this document to allow investors to better analyse our business performance and allow for greater comparability. To do so  we have excluded items affecting the comparability of period-over-period financial performance as described below. The alternative performance measures included herein should be read in conjunction with and do not replace the directly reconcilable GAAP measures.For purposes of this document  the following terms are defined:''As reported'' are results extracted from our consolidated financial statements.''Pro forma'' includes the results of CCEP and API as if the Acquisition had occurred at the beginning of 2021. In this document  the Pro forma financial information adjustments reflect the inclusion of API revenue as if the acquisition had occurred at the beginning of 2021 and prepared on a basis consistent with CCEP accounting policies.""Comparable'' is defined as results excluding items impacting comparability  which include restructuring charges  acquisition and integration related costs  inventory fair value step up related to acquisition accounting  the impact of the closure of the GB defined benefit pension scheme  net impact related to European flooding and net tax items relating to rate and law changes. Comparable volume is also adjusted for selling days.''Pro forma Comparable'' is defined as the pro forma results excluding items impacting comparability  as described above.''Fx-neutral'' or ""FXN"" is defined as period results excluding the impact of foreign exchange rate changes. Foreign exchange impact is calculated by recasting current year results at prior year exchange rates.''Capex'' or ""Capital expenditures'' is defined as purchases of property  plant and equipment and capitalised software  plus payments of principal on lease obligations  less proceeds from disposals of property  plant and equipment. Capex is used as a measure to ensure that cash spending on capital investment is in line with the Group's overall strategy for the use of cash.''Free cash flow'' is defined as net cash flows from operating activities less capital expenditures (as defined above) and interest paid. Free cash flow is used as a measure of the Group's cash generation from operating activities  taking into account investments in property  plant and equipment and non-discretionary lease and interest payments. Free cash flow is not intended to represent residual cash flow available for discretionary expenditures.''Adjusted EBITDA'' is calculated as Earnings Before Interest  Tax  Depreciation and Amortisation (EBITDA)  after adding back items impacting the comparability of period over period financial performance. Adjusted EBITDA does not reflect cash expenditures  or future requirements for capital expenditures or contractual commitments. Further  adjusted EBITDA does not reflect changes in  or cash requirements for  working capital needs  and although depreciation and amortisation are non-cash charges  the assets being depreciated and amortised are likely to be replaced in the future and adjusted EBITDA does not reflect cash requirements for such replacements.''Net Debt'' is defined as the net of cash and cash equivalents less borrowings and adjusted for the fair value of hedging instruments related to borrowings and other financial assets/liabilities related to borrowings. We believe that reporting net debt is useful as it reflects a metric used by the Group to assess cash management and leverage. In addition  the ratio of net debt to adjusted EBITDA is used by investors  analysts and credit rating agencies to analyse our operating performance in the context of targeted financial leverage.''ROIC"" or ""Return on invested capital"" is defined as comparable operating profit after tax attributable to shareholders divided by the average of opening and closing invested capital for the year. Invested capital is calculated as the addition of borrowings and equity attributable to shareholders less cash and cash equivalents and short term investments. ROIC is used as a measure of capital efficiency and reflects how well the Group generates comparable operating profit relative to the capital invested in the business.''Dividend payout ratio'' is defined as dividends as a proportion of comparable profit after tax.Additionally  within this document  we provide certain forward-looking non-GAAP financial Information  which management uses for planning and measuring performance. We are not able to reconcile forward-looking non-GAAP measures to reported measures without unreasonable efforts because it is not possible to predict with a reasonable degree of certainty the actual impact or exact timing of items that may impact comparability throughout year.Unless otherwise stated  percent amounts are rounded to the nearest 0.5%.Supplemental Financial Information - Revenue - Reported to Pro Forma ComparableAll pro forma measures presented below relate only to the nine months ended 1 October 2021.RevenuePro forma Revenue CCEP In millions of €  except per case data which is calculated prior to rounding. FX impact calculated by recasting current year results at prior year rates. Third-Quarter Ended Nine Months Ended 30 Sept 2022 1 Oct 2021 % Change 30 Sept 2022 1 Oct 2021 % Change As reported and comparable 4 745 3 949 20.0 % 13 025 9 867 32.0 % Add: Pro forma adjustments[1] - - n/a - 1 056 n/a Pro forma Comparable 4 745 3 949 20.0 % 13 025 10 923 19.0 % Adjust: Impact of fx changes (77) n/a n/a (191) n/a n/a Pro forma Comparable and fx-neutral 4 668 3 949 18.0 % 12 834 10 923 17.5 % Pro forma Revenue per unit case 5.26 4.96 6.0% 5.12 4.88 5.0%Pro forma Revenue API In millions of €  except per case data which is calculated prior to rounding. FX impact calculated by recasting current year results at prior year rates. Third-Quarter Ended Nine Months Ended 30 Sept 2022 1 Oct 2021 % Change 30 Sept 2022 1 Oct 2021 % Change As reported and comparable 925 700 32.0 % 2 754 1 233 123.5% Add: Pro forma adjustments[1] - - n/a - 1 056 n/a Pro forma Comparable 925 700 32.0 % 2 754 2 289 20.5 % Adjust: Impact of fx changes (77) n/a n/a (153) n/a n/a Pro forma Comparable and fx-neutral 848 700 21.0 % 2 601 2 289 13.5 % Pro forma Revenue per unit case 5.61 5.03 11.5 % 5.27 4.97 6.0%[1] The Pro forma financial information for 2021 reflects the inclusion of API revenue as if the acquisition had occurred at 1 January 2021 and prepared on a basis consistent with CCEP accounting policies.VolumeComparable Volume - Selling Day Shift CCEP In millions of unit cases  prior period volume recast using current year selling days Third-Quarter Ended Nine Months Ended 30 Sept 2022 1 Oct 2021 % Change 30 Sept 2022 1 Oct 2021 % Change Volume 888 796 11.5 % 2 506 2 023 24.0 % Impact of selling day shift n/a - n/a n/a (7) n/a Comparable volume - Selling Day Shift adjusted 888 796 11.5 % 2 506 2 016 24.5 % Pro forma impact[1] - - n/a - 212 n/a Pro forma comparable volume 888 796 11.5 % 2 506 2 228 12.5 %Comparable Volume - Selling Day Shift API In millions of unit cases  prior period volume recast using current year selling days Third-Quarter Ended Nine Months Ended 30 Sept 2022 1 Oct 2021 % Change 30 Sept 2022 1 Oct 2021 % Change Volume 152 139 9.5% 494 245 101.5% Impact of selling day shift n/a - n/a n/a - n/a Comparable volume - Selling Day Shift adjusted 152 139 9.5% 494 245 101.5% Pro forma impact[1] - - n/a - 212 n/a Pro forma comparable volume 152 139 9.5% 494 457 8.0%[1] Pro forma API volume for the nine months ended 1 Oct 2021 is 460 million unit cases. Including the impact of the Q1 selling day shift (3 million unit cases)  pro forma comparable API volume is 457 million unit cases.This information is provided by RNS  the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information  please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com.SOURCE: Coca-Cola Europacific Partners plcView source version on accesswire.com:https://www.accesswire.com/723447/Coca-Cola-Europacific-Partners-plc-Announces-Q3-Investor-Event-Interim-Dividend-Declaration",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.82,0.16,0.02,True,English,"['Coca-Cola Europacific Partners plc', 'Q3, Investor Event', 'Interim Dividend Declaration', 'new limited edition Coca-Cola Creations flavour', 'sustainability-linked supply chain finance programme', 'annualised total dividend payout ratio', 'NARTD YTD value share gains', 'Monster Reserve White Pineapple', 'free cash flow guidance', '2021 J. Paul Austin Award', 'second half interim dividend', 'solid top line growth', 'record full year dividend', 'Pro forma FXN revenue', 'Strong AFH comparable volume', 'Resilient Home comparable volume', 'Monster flavour extensions', 'total absolute dividend', 'interim dividend declaration', 'new attached caps', 'Monster Ultra Rosa', 'COCA-COLA EUROPACIFIC PARTNERS', 'The Coca-Cola Company', 'Chief Executive Officer', '100% renewable electricity commitment', 'great first half', 'system value creation', 'AFH channel Dividend', 'home consumption trends', 'broad pack offering', 'prior year restrictions', 'additional underlying pricing', 'Pro forma revenue', 'continued shareholder value', 'FXN[2] revenue Revenue', 'resilient home channel', 'great summer weather', 'Capital Markets Event', 'favourable price realisation', 'Strong third quarter', 'mid-term objectives Change', 'API Q3 2021 volume', 'record dividend', 'New Zealand', 'Coca-Cola system', 'volume growth', 'strong year', '2021 ESG award', 'favourable weather', 'strong quarter', 'Revenue Volume', 'Volume Revenue', 'bottom line', 'FY22 guidance', 'resilient business', 'ambitious objectives', 'shareholder returns', 'headline pricing', 'positive pack', 'great people', 'great service', 'great beverages', 'Fx-neutral revenue', 'strong performance', 'continued recovery', 'Trading update', 'Damian Gammell', 'many consumers', 'market execution', 'sustainability commitments', 'robust categories', 'uncertain outlook', 'key levers', 'promotional spend', 'fantastic acquisition', 'greater future', 'Q3 HIGHLIGHTS', 'soft comparables', 'unit case', 'RTD alcohol', 'Innovation highlights', 'Sprite Lemon+', 'Sustainability highlights', 'channel mix', 'ESG performance', 'core brands', 'API portfolio', 'greater focus', '2021 Change', 'announcement', 'inside', 'information', 'UXBRIDGE', 'UK', 'ACCESSWIRE', 'November', 'UC', 'Europe', 'CCEP', 'travel', 'tourism', 'channels', 'progress', 'recipient', 'resilience', 'strength', 'relationships', 'customers', 'efficiency', 'Story', 'bigger', 'diverse', 'bold', 'combination', 'platform', 'momentum', 'details', 'London', 'Note', 'section', 'store', 'benefit', 'Other', 'Reorientation', 'spirits', 'Sale', 'Dreamland', 'Winner', 'NZ', 'rollout', '2019']",2022-11-02,2022-11-03,finance.yahoo.com
12507,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2022/11/02/2546169/0/en/CROSSJECT-CLINICAL-DEMONSTRATION-OF-ZENEO-EFFICIENCY-FOR-INTRAMUSCULAR-INJECTION-OF-MIDAZOLAM.html,CROSSJECT - CLINICAL DEMONSTRATION OF ZENEO® EFFICIENCY FOR INTRAMUSCULAR INJECTION OF MIDAZOLAM,Press release  CLINICAL DEMONSTRATION OF ZENEO® EFFICIENCY FOR INTRAMUSCULAR INJECTION OF MIDAZOLAM   • Primary endpoints met and results in line with......,French EnglishPress releaseCLINICAL DEMONSTRATION OF ZENEO® EFFICIENCY FOR INTRAMUSCULAR INJECTION OF MIDAZOLAM• Primary endpoints met and results in line with expectations• No impact of clothing on the intramuscular injection with ZENEO®Dijon  November 2  2022 at 8amCROSSJECT (ISIN: FR0011716265; Mnémo: ALCJ)  a specialty pharma company that is developing and will soon be marketing a portfolio of drug / device combinations for use in emergency situations  is releasing positive headline results of its clinical study with ZENEO® midazolam. The 4-period  crossover and randomized study was conducted on 40 healthy subjects  with gender  ethnicity and BMI1 diversity (ref ClinicalTrials.gov Identifier NCT05026567).The primary objective was met. It was the evaluation of the relative bioavailability of midazolam after injection with the needle-free autoinjector ZENEO® (10mg midazolam in 0.625mL) compared to injection of DORMICUM® (10mg midazolam in 2mL) by a conventional syringe with a 30mm needle  into the thigh on bare skin. The bioequivalence was achieved both on Cmax2 and on AUC3  with no change of Tmax4. The 90% Confidence Intervals were respectively of [84-98] for Cmax ratio  and [100-108] for AUC ratio.No serious adverse events were reported  and there was no difference in safety profile between the tested conditions. Only 2 subjects dropped out before their fourth and last injection  not for safety but for personal reason.As secondary objectives  the study aimed to test the intramuscular injection of midazolam with ZENEO® into thigh through clothing  compared to injection into thigh on bare skin with ZENEO® and with DORMICUM®. The 90% Confidence Intervals were respectively of [87-101] and [79-92] for Cmax ratios  and [87-95] and [91-98] for AUC ratios  with no change in Tmax. These results allow considering a much faster emergency treatment  without having to remove patient’s clothing in an epileptic seizure situation.In addition  an intramuscular injection with ZENEO® midazolam in the ventrogluteal site was shown to be bioequivalent to an injection in the thigh on bare skin either with a conventional syringe or with ZENEO®.Finally  ZENEO® and the syringe with intramucular needle showed a similar and low inter-subject variability of midazolam pharmacokinetics. This is an additional demonstration that an injection with ZENEO reached the muscle in the same way as an injection with a syringe and a 30 mm needle.As a summary  the outcomes of this clinical study are a great achievement for Crossject  as they demonstrate the effectiveness of an intramuscular injection with the needle-free autoinjector ZENEO® into thigh with or without clothing  as well as into the ventrogluteal site.Contacts :CrossjectPatrick Alexandreinfo@crossject.com Relations investisseursAeliumJérôme Gacoin +33 (0)1 75 77 54 67crossject@aelium.frRelations presseBuzz & CompagnieMélanie Voisard +33 (0)3 80 43 54 89melanie.voisard@buzzetcompagnie.comChristelle Distinguin +33 (0)6 09 96 51 70christelle.distinguin@buzzetcompagnie.comAbout CROSSJECT • www.crossject.comCROSSJECT (ISIN: FR0011716265; Ticker: ALCJ; LEI: 969500W1VTFNL2D85A65) is developing and is soon to market a portfolio of drugs dedicated to emergency situations: epilepsy  overdose  allergic shock  severe migraine and asthma attack. Thanks to its patented needlefree self-injection system  Crossject aims to become the world leader in self-administered emergency drugs. The company has been listed on the Euronext Growth market in Paris since 2014; it receives funding from the United States BARDA (Biomedical Advanced Research and Development Authority) and from Bpifrance.1 BMI : Body Mass Index  a measure of a person's thickness or thinness2 Cmax: maximum blood Concentration of the drug3 AUC : Area Under the Curve reflecting blood levels of a drug over time  an indication of the dose received4 Tmax : time to reach CmaxAttachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.41,0.04,0.55,True,English,"['CLINICAL DEMONSTRATION', 'ZENEO® EFFICIENCY', 'INTRAMUSCULAR INJECTION', 'CROSSJECT', 'MIDAZOLAM', 'ref ClinicalTrials.gov Identifier', 'Jérôme Gacoin', 'patented needlefree self-injection system', 'serious adverse events', 'epileptic seizure situation', 'low inter-subject variability', 'Euronext Growth market', 'United States BARDA', 'Biomedical Advanced Research', 'Body Mass Index', 'faster emergency treatment', 'maximum blood Concentration', 'specialty pharma company', 'Mélanie Voisard', 'positive headline results', 'self-administered emergency drugs', 'Crossject Patrick Alexandre', 'The 90% Confidence Intervals', 'needle-free autoinjector ZENEO®', 'emergency situations', 'blood levels', 'French English', 'Press release', 'CLINICAL DEMONSTRATION', 'Primary endpoints', 'Mnémo', 'device combinations', 'BMI1 diversity', 'primary objective', 'relative bioavailability', '30mm needle', 'bare skin', 'personal reason', 'secondary objectives', 'ventrogluteal site', 'intramucular needle', 'additional demonstration', 'same way', '30 mm needle', 'great achievement', 'Relations investisseurs', 'Relations presse', 'allergic shock', 'severe migraine', 'asthma attack', 'world leader', 'Development Authority', 'clinical study', 'randomized study', 'Cmax ratio', 'Cmax Attachment', 'mg midazolam', 'midazolam pharmacokinetics', 'INTRAMUSCULAR INJECTION', '40 healthy subjects', 'conventional syringe', 'AUC ratio', 'safety profile', 'last injection', 'Christelle Distinguin', 'ZENEO® EFFICIENCY', 'ZENEO® midazolam', '2 Cmax', '2 subjects', '3 AUC', 'expectations', 'impact', 'clothing', 'Dijon', '8am', 'ALCJ', 'portfolio', 'use', 'crossover', 'gender', 'ethnicity', 'evaluation', '0.625mL', 'DORMICUM®', '2mL', 'thigh', 'bioequivalence', 'Cmax2', 'change', 'Tmax', 'difference', 'conditions', 'fourth', 'patient', 'similar', 'muscle', 'summary', 'outcomes', 'effectiveness', 'Contacts', 'Aelium', 'Buzz', 'Compagnie', 'Ticker', 'LEI', 'epilepsy', 'overdose', 'Paris', 'funding', 'Bpifrance', '1 BMI', 'measure', 'thickness', 'thinness', 'Area', 'Curve', 'time', 'indication']",2022-11-02,2022-11-03,globenewswire.com
12508,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2022/11/02/2546738/0/en/Dassault-Syst%C3%A8mes-disclosure-of-trading-in-own-shares.html,Dassault Systèmes: disclosure of trading in own shares,;   Press ReleaseVELIZY-VILLACOUBLAY  France — November 2  2022  DISCLOSURE OF TRADING IN OWN SHARES(Repurchase program decided by the General Meeting...,English French;Press ReleaseVELIZY-VILLACOUBLAY  France — November 2  2022DISCLOSURE OF TRADING IN OWN SHARES(Repurchase program decided by the General Meeting of Shareholders of May 19  2022)Issuer: Dassault Systèmes (Euronext Paris: FR0014003TT8  DSY.PA)Type of securities: Ordinary sharesPeriod: October 27 to October 28  2022Detailed information (presentation by day and by market and transaction-by-transaction details) can be consulted on the website of Dassault Systèmes: https://investor.3ds.com/regulated-information/permanent-informationPresentation of the trading in own shares by day and by marketName of issuer Identification code of the issuer Date of trading Identification code of the financial instrument Daily total volume(in number of shares) Daily weighted average acquisition price of the shares* Market DASSAULT SYSTEMES 96950065LBWY0APQIM86 27-Oct-22 FR0014003TT8 318773 34 5586 XPAR DASSAULT SYSTEMES 96950065LBWY0APQIM86 27-Oct-22 FR0014003TT8 208430 34 5372 DXE DASSAULT SYSTEMES 96950065LBWY0APQIM86 27-Oct-22 FR0014003TT8 15249 34 5286 TQE DASSAULT SYSTEMES 96950065LBWY0APQIM86 27-Oct-22 FR0014003TT8 32974 34 5410 AQE DASSAULT SYSTEMES 96950065LBWY0APQIM86 28-Oct-22 FR0014003TT8 280000 34 5584 XPAR DASSAULT SYSTEMES 96950065LBWY0APQIM86 28-Oct-22 FR0014003TT8 44574 34 5478 DXE(*)The weighted average unit price is a rounded priceDeclarations related to crossing of threshold must be sent to:Dassault Systèmes  Investors Relations Service  10  rue Marcel Dassault  CS 40501  78946 Vélizy-Villacoublay Cedex (France). E-mail address: Investors@3ds.com###ABOUT DASSAULT SYSTÈMESDassault Systèmes  the 3DEXPERIENCE Company  is a catalyst for human progress. We provide business and people with collaborative 3D virtual environments to imagine sustainable innovations. By creating virtual twin experiences of the real world with our 3DEXPERIENCE platform and applications  our customers push the boundaries of innovation  learning and production to achieve a more sustainable world for patients  citizens  and consumers. Dassault Systèmes brings value to more than 300 000 customers of all sizes  in all industries  in more than 140 countries. For more information  visit www.3ds.comDassault Systèmes Investor Relations’ ContactsFrançois-José BORDONADO / Béatrix MARTINEZinvestors@3ds.com+33 (0)1 61 62 69 24USA & Canada: callie.gauzer@3ds.com© Dassault Systèmes. All rights reserved. 3DEXPERIENCE  the Compass icon  the 3DS logo  CATIA  BIOVIA  GEOVIA  SOLIDWORKS  3DVIA  ENOVIA  NETVIBES  MEDIDATA  CENTRIC PLM  3DEXCITE  SIMULIA  DELMIA  and IFWE are commercial trademarks or registered trademarks of Dassault Systèmes  a French “société européenne” (Versailles Commercial Register # B 322 306 440)  or its subsidiaries in the United States and/or other countries.Attachment,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,positive,0.63,0.37,0.01,True,English,"['Dassault Systèmes', 'disclosure', 'trading', 'shares', 'financial instrument Daily total volume', 'French “société européenne', 'Daily weighted average acquisition price', 'Dassault Systèmes Investor Relations', 'collaborative 3D virtual environments', 'shares* Market DASSAULT SYSTEMES', 'average unit price', 'virtual twin experiences', 'XPAR DASSAULT SYSTEMES', 'TQE DASSAULT SYSTEMES', 'AQE DASSAULT SYSTEMES', 'rue Marcel Dassault', 'Investors Relations Service', 'Vélizy-Villacoublay Cedex', 'François-José BORDONADO', 'Béatrix MARTINEZ', 'Versailles Commercial Register', 'DXE DASSAULT SYSTEMES', 'Ordinary shares Period', 'issuer Identification code', 'English French', 'rounded price', 'commercial trademarks', 'Press Release', 'Repurchase program', 'General Meeting', 'Euronext Paris', 'issuer Date', 'mail address', 'human progress', 'sustainable innovations', 'real world', 'sustainable world', 'Compass icon', 'CENTRIC PLM', 'registered trademarks', 'United States', '3DEXPERIENCE Company', '3DEXPERIENCE platform', 'transaction details', '3DS logo', 'other countries', 'Detailed information', '140 countries', 'VELIZY-VILLACOUBLAY', 'France', 'November', 'DISCLOSURE', 'TRADING', 'Shareholders', 'May', 'DSY', 'Type', 'securities', 'October', 'presentation', 'day', 'website', 'permanent-information', 'Name', 'number', 'Oct-22', 'FR0014003TT8', 'Declarations', 'crossing', 'threshold', 'CS', 'catalyst', 'business', 'people', 'applications', 'customers', 'boundaries', 'learning', 'production', 'patients', 'citizens', 'consumers', 'value', 'sizes', 'industries', 'Contacts', 'USA', 'Canada', 'gauzer', 'rights', 'CATIA', 'BIOVIA', 'GEOVIA', 'SOLIDWORKS', '3DVIA', 'ENOVIA', 'NETVIBES', 'MEDIDATA', '3DEXCITE', 'SIMULIA', 'DELMIA', 'IFWE', 'subsidiaries', 'Attachment', '©']",2022-11-02,2022-11-03,globenewswire.com
12509,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2022/11/02/2546871/0/en/ARGAN-bought-Renault-s-largest-spare-car-parts-warehouses-in-a-sale-lease-back-deal.html,ARGAN bought Renault's largest spare car parts warehouses in a sale & lease-back deal,Press release – Wednesday 02 November 2022 – 17h45   ARGAN bought Renault's largest spare car parts warehouses in a sale & lease-back deal  A new......,"French EnglishPress release – Wednesday 02 November 2022 – 17h45ARGAN bought Renault's largest spare car parts warehouses in a sale & lease-back dealA new milestone in ARGAN's development has been reached in the Sens region with the acquisition of a 153 200 sq.m real estate complex dedicated to spare car parts for the Renault Group  which will now be leased for a period of 12 years as part of a sale and lease-back transaction.The site of Villeroy inaugurated in Autumn 2006  is one of the three centers of the Parts and Accessories Logistics Department (DLPA) of RENAULT Group in France. It is the most important one with 600 jobs and its 153 200 sq.m are articulated around four logistic buildings of unitary sizes going from 33 000 to 43 000 sq.m. Renault Group will be the tenant from now on  with a 12 years lease. Located along the A19 highway  which links the A10  A77  A5 and A6 highway  Villeroy is ideally situated to reach the whole of France.That is why  in the short term  the Villeroy site is intended to become the central store for all the spare parts and accessories activity in France  and this  for all the Renault Group brands with a capacity of more than70 000 references which will be quickly increased to more than 90 000. In order to assist this increase  the Group has launched an automation project which will be operational in 2023.A real estate investment plan for the siteThe budget dedicated by ARGAN to this new acquisition includes a major investment plan that will enable the site to be kept up to date with the latest market standards  including the replacement of doors and dock levelers  the refurbishment of roads  the renovation of premises and the expansion of the parking lot.ARGAN has thus added an exceptional Premium site to its portfolio  both in terms of size and the quality of its tenant.Jean-Claude Le Lan  Chairman of the Supervisory Board of ARGAN  comments: ""This acquisition marks a major step in the development of ARGAN. Indeed  this site alone will represent 3.5% of the rents that will be collected by our real estate company in 2023. This transaction  initiated before the economic downturn of the last few months  was financed at relatively advantageous rates compared to today's practice. Three years after the acquisition of the CARGO portfolio  ARGAN confirms its ability to invest in large-scale projects and its position as a major player in logistics real estate in France.The transaction was led by CBRE. Renault Group was advised by the law firm Acte 2 and the law firm Franklin. ARGAN was advised by the law firm Jubault Chausse Delaplace.Financial calendar 2023 (Publication of the press release after closing of the stock exchange)3rd January 2023: Annual sales 2022About ArganARGAN is the only French real estate company specialising in the DEVELOPMENT & RENTAL OF PREMIUM WAREHOUSES listed on EURONEXT.As at 30 June 2022  ARGAN’s portfolio amounted to 3.3 million sq.m  comprising approximately 100 warehouses located exclusively in France  valued at €4.0 billion. ARGAN is listed on Compartment A of Euronext Paris (ISIN FR0010481960 - ARG) and is included in the CAC All-Share and IEIF SIIC France indices. The company opted for the listed real estate investment companies (SIICs) tax regime on 01 July 2007.www.argan.frFrancis Albertinelli - Directeur Administratif et FinancierTél : 01 47 47 05 46E-mail : contact@argan.frwww.argan.fr Aude Vayre – Relations presseTél : 06 14 64 15 65E-mail : argan@citigatedewerogerson.comAttachment",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.48,0.29,0.22,True,English,"['largest spare car parts warehouses', 'lease-back deal', 'ARGAN', 'Renault', 'sale', '153,200 sq.m real estate complex', 'largest spare car parts warehouses', 'real estate investment companies', 'real estate investment plan', 'IEIF SIIC France indices', 'French real estate company', 'logistics real estate', 'major investment plan', 'four logistic buildings', 'latest market standards', 'Jean-Claude Le Lan', 'Jubault Chausse Delaplace', 'SIICs) tax regime', 'Accessories Logistics Department', 'Renault Group brands', 'exceptional Premium site', 'spare parts', 'PREMIUM WAREHOUSES', 'French English', 'accessories activity', 'major step', 'major player', '3.3 million sq', 'Press release', 'lease-back deal', 'new milestone', 'Sens region', 'three centers', 'important one', 'unitary sizes', 'A19 highway', 'A6 highway', 'short term', 'central store', 'automation project', 'dock levelers', 'parking lot', 'Supervisory Board', 'economic downturn', 'advantageous rates', 'large-scale projects', 'law firm', 'Financial calendar', 'stock exchange', '3rd January', 'Annual sales', 'Compartment A', 'CAC All-Share', 'Francis Albertinelli', 'Directeur Administratif', 'Tél', 'Aude Vayre', 'Relations presse', '12 years lease', 'Euronext Paris', 'lease-back transaction', 'CARGO portfolio', 'new acquisition', 'Villeroy site', '100 warehouses', '43,000 sq', 'Wednesday', 'November', 'ARGAN', 'development', 'period', 'Autumn', 'DLPA', '600 jobs', 'tenant', 'A10', 'A77', 'A5', 'capacity', '70,000 references', 'order', 'increase', 'budget', 'date', 'replacement', 'doors', 'refurbishment', 'roads', 'renovation', 'premises', 'expansion', 'terms', 'quality', 'Chairman', 'rents', 'last', 'months', 'practice', 'ability', 'position', 'CBRE', 'Acte', 'Franklin', 'Publication', 'closing', 'RENTAL', '30 June', 'ISIN', '01 July', 'Financier', 'mail', 'Attachment', '33,000']",2022-11-02,2022-11-03,globenewswire.com
12510,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2022/11/02/2546964/0/en/Marel-Introducing-Focus-First-operating-model-and-organizational-changes.html,Marel: Introducing Focus First operating model and organizational changes,To position Marel for future growth and ensure long-term profitability. Marel is refining its operating model enabling customer-centricity  enhancing end-to-end accountability and ensuring cross-business collaboration.,English IcelandicTo position Marel for future growth and ensure long-term profitability. Marel is refining its operating model enabling customer-centricity  enhancing end-to-end accountability and ensuring cross-business collaboration.Focus First operating modelMarel is introducing a refined operating model: Focus First. The operating model has seven business divisions  global functions and customer centers. The seven divisions are: Poultry  Meat  Fish  Retail and Food Service Solutions (RFS)  Service  Software Solutions and Plant  Pet and Feed. Functions provide enabling capabilities and expertise to the divisions. ‘Customer Centers’ is the new name for the Regions  further building upon the foundation of global reach and local presence that has been built over the last few years. The Customer Centers focus on bringing sales and service efforts together for our customers  creating a truly customer centric experience.For external reporting  Marel will continue to use the four business segments of Poultry  Meat  Fish  in addition to Pet  Plant and Feed.Marel’s Executive BoardIn line with the Focus First operating model  Marel is formalizing an Executive Board that consists of six members to ensure focus  speed and scale:Chief Executive Officer (CEO): Arni Oddur ThordarsonChief Business Officer and Deputy CEO (CBO and Deputy CEO): Arni Sigurdsson  responsible for the Business Divisions  Service and Business DevelopmentChief Operating Officer (COO): Linda Jonsdottir  responsible for Customer Centers  Innovation  Supply Chain  Marketing  Sales Excellence and Operational ExcellenceChief Financial Officer (CFO): Stacey Katz  responsible for Finance  IT  Global Business Services and Investor RelationsChief Human Resource Officer (CHRO): David Freyr Oddsson  responsible for People & CultureChief Strategy Officer (CSO): Vacancy  responsible for strategyMarel’s senior leadershipDavid Wilson  EVP of Marel Meat  is stepping down and will be leaving Marel. David has been with Marel since 1998 and a member of Marel’s Executive Team since 2013. Marel would like to sincerely thank David for his valuable contribution  committment and loyalty over his 24-year career at the company and wish him every success in his future endeavors. Roger Claessen  EVP of Marel Poultry  will step in as interim EVP of Marel Meat until a new appointment is announced. Two seasoned leaders within the Marel Poultry organization  Dirk den Hartog  Service Director  and Arie Tulp  Sales & Marketing Director are stepping up to co-lead Marel Poultry during the interim period.Other current executives continue as part of Marel’s senior leadership working in unity towards our 2026 growth targets.About MarelMarel (NASDAQ: MAREL; AEX: MAREL) is a leading global provider of advanced food processing equipment  systems  software  and services to the poultry  meat and fish industries. In line with its 2017- 2026 growth strategy  Marel has gradually expanded its business model into adjacent industries  where most recently the acquisition of Wenger has added a fourth pillar focused on pet food  plant-based protein and aqua feed. Our united team of over 7 000 employees in over 6 continents delivered EUR 1.4 billion in revenues in 2021. Annually  Marel invests around 6% of revenues in innovation. By continuously transforming food processing  we enable our customers to increase yield and throughput  ensure food safety and improve sustainability in food production. Marel was listed on NASDAQ Iceland in 1992 and dual-listed on Euronext Amsterdam in June 2019. For further information  please visit marel.com/ir.Attachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.69,0.31,0.0,True,English,"['Focus First operating model', 'organizational changes', 'Marel', 'Chief Human Resource Officer', 'advanced food processing equipment', 'Focus First operating model', 'Chief Operating Officer', 'Chief Financial Officer', 'Two seasoned leaders', 'Dirk den Hartog', 'Other current executives', 'Chief Business Officer', 'refined operating model', 'Chief Strategy Officer', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'four business segments', 'Arni Oddur Thordarson', 'leading global provider', 'customer centric experience', 'David Freyr Oddsson', '2017- 2026 growth strategy', 'The Customer Centers', 'seven business divisions', 'Global Business Services', 'Food Service Solutions', 'Marel Poultry organization', 'business model', 'Business Development', 'seven divisions', 'global reach', 'Arni Sigurdsson', 'food safety', 'food production', 'future growth', '2026 growth targets', 'Executive Board', 'Executive Team', 'English Icelandic', 'long-term profitability', 'end accountability', 'cross-business collaboration', 'global functions', 'Software Solutions', 'enabling capabilities', 'new name', 'local presence', 'external reporting', 'six members', 'Linda Jonsdottir', 'Supply Chain', 'Operational Excellence', 'Stacey Katz', 'Investor Relations', 'senior leadership', 'valuable contribution', '24-year career', 'future endeavors', 'Roger Claessen', 'new appointment', 'Arie Tulp', 'interim period', 'adjacent industries', 'fourth pillar', 'plant-based protein', 'united team', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'pet food', 'service efforts', 'Service Director', 'David Wilson', 'Deputy CEO', 'Marketing Director', 'NASDAQ Iceland', 'Sales Excellence', 'interim EVP', 'fish industries', 'aqua feed', 'Marel Meat', 'customer-centricity', 'Retail', 'RFS', 'expertise', 'Regions', 'foundation', 'last', 'years', 'customers', 'addition', 'line', 'speed', 'scale', 'CBO', 'COO', 'Innovation', 'CFO', 'Finance', 'CHRO', 'People', 'Culture', 'CSO', 'Vacancy', 'committment', 'loyalty', 'company', 'success', 'part', 'unity', 'AEX', 'systems', 'acquisition', 'Wenger', '7,000 employees', '6 continents', 'revenues', 'yield', 'throughput', 'sustainability', 'June', 'information', 'Attachment']",2022-11-02,2022-11-03,globenewswire.com
12511,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/lleidanet-receives-its-fourth-patent-in-the-middle-east-301666444.html,Lleida.net receives its fourth patent in the Middle East,MADRID  Nov. 2  2022 /PRNewswire/ -- Spanish listed company Lleida.net (BME: LLN) (EPA: ALLLN) (OTCQX: LLEIF) has received a new patent from the Gulf Cooperation Council (GCC) for its Method for Certifying Delivery of Data Messages to Mobile Terminals. This p…,"MADRID  Nov. 2  2022 /PRNewswire/ -- Spanish listed company Lleida.net (BME: LLN) (EPA: ALLLN) (OTCQX: LLEIF) has received a new patent from the Gulf Cooperation Council (GCC) for its Method for Certifying Delivery of Data Messages to Mobile Terminals.This patent  the company's 216th  is valid for 20 years.The Gulf Cooperation Council is a regional body  mainly economic in nature  which brings together the countries of the Middle East: Saudi Arabia  the United Arab Emirates  Qatar  Bahrain  Oman and Kuwait. It is based in Riyadh  the Saudi capital.This is the fourth patent Lleida.net has received from the GCC.""Once again  our position in the Middle East continues to consolidate  while the company continues to receive recognition for its R&D contributions to the industry "" explained the company's CEO  Sisco Sapena.With this  the company now has a total of 216 awards for its inventions  in what is one of the most extensive Intellectual Property portfolios in the industry.More than 60 countries on five continents have granted patents to the company  including the European Union  the United States  China  Russia  India  Mexico  Japan  Colombia  Argentina  Peru  South Africa  Nigeria  Australia and New Zealand.Lleida.net is listed on the OTCQX index in New York  on Euronext Growth in Paris and on BME Growth in Madrid.SOURCE Lleida.net",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['Lleida.net', 'fourth patent', 'Middle East', 'extensive Intellectual Property portfolios', 'The Gulf Cooperation Council', 'R&D contributions', 'United Arab Emirates', 'Spanish listed company', 'United States', 'Lleida.net', 'Certifying Delivery', 'Data Messages', 'Mobile Terminals', 'regional body', 'Middle East', 'Saudi Arabia', 'Saudi capital', 'Sisco Sapena', 'five continents', 'European Union', 'South Africa', 'New Zealand', 'New York', 'Euronext Growth', 'SOURCE Lleida', 'new patent', 'fourth patent', 'OTCQX index', 'BME Growth', 'MADRID', 'PRNewswire', 'LLN', 'EPA', 'LLEIF', 'GCC', 'Method', '20 years', 'economic', 'nature', 'countries', 'Qatar', 'Bahrain', 'Oman', 'Kuwait', 'Riyadh', 'position', 'recognition', 'industry', 'CEO', 'total', '216 awards', 'inventions', 'More', 'patents', 'China', 'Russia', 'India', 'Mexico', 'Japan', 'Colombia', 'Argentina', 'Peru', 'Nigeria', 'Australia', 'Paris']",2022-11-02,2022-11-03,prnewswire.com
12512,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2022/11/02/2546158/0/en/BGHL-GBP-NAV-s.html,BGHL (GBP): NAV(s),BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED      Ordinary Shares      The Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan...,"BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary SharesThe Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for the Company.Close of business 01 Nov 2022.Estimated NAVEuro Shares Sterling Shares Estimated NAV € 28.0663 £ 24.6174 Estimated MTD return -0.29 % -0.29 % Estimated YTD return -3.88 % -2.72 % Estimated ITD return 180.66 % 146.17 %NAV and returns are calculated net of management and performance feesMarket informationEuro Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close € 22.40 N/A Premium/discount to estimated NAV -20.19 % N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close N/A GBX 2 000.00 Premium/discount to estimated NAV N/A -18.76 %Transactions in own securities purchased into treasuryOrdinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares 1 400 N/A Average Price € 22.60 N/A Range of Price N/A N/ALiquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/ABGHL CapitalBGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Shares Outstanding 12 311 714 130 254 Held in treasury 4 874 N/A Shares Issued 12 316 588 130 254Estimated BG Fund NAVClass B Euro Shares (estimated) € 245.0523 Class GBP A Shares (estimated) £ 131.3159The Class B Euro Shares of BG Fund are not subject to investment manager fees  as the Investment Manager receives management fees and performance fees in respect of its role as Investment Manager of BGHL.For further information please contact:Boussard & Gavaudan Investment Management  LLP.Emmanuel Gavaudan +44 (0) 20 3751 5389 Email : info@bgam-uk.comThe Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has received the necessary approval of the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and the States of Guernsey Policy Council. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.This is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Neither the Company nor BG Fund ICAV has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that:all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results;the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; andif you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.Attachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.23,0.77,True,English,"['BGHL', 'GBP', 'NAV', 'The Class B Euro Shares', 'BGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares', 'A Liquidity Enhancement Agreement', 'Class GBP A Shares', 'Euro Shares Sterling Shares', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam', 'A N/A Average Price', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'US Investment Company Act', 'Euro Shares Amsterdam', 'Sterling Shares Shares', 'expert financial advice', 'Sterling Shares Number', 'GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED', 'Guernsey Policy Council', 'collective investment scheme', 'other professional advice', 'BG Fund ICAV', 'closed-ended investment company', 'UK Listing Authority', 'US Securities Act', 'Gavaudan Investment Management', 'investment manager fees', 'BG Fund NAV', 'N/A Shares', 'The Shares', 'Dutch Authority', 'A Range', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'US persons', 'Financial Markets', 'The Directors', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'The Company', 'investment performance', 'original investment', 'investment decision', 'performance fees', 'BGHL Capital', 'management fees', 'MTD return', 'YTD return', 'ITD return', 'financieel toezicht', 'Official List', 'applicable law', 'public offering', 'other jurisdiction', 'United States', 'following information', 'information purposes', 'necessary approval', 'main market', 'future results', 'listed securities', 'Market information', 'BOUSSARD', 'business', 'returns', 'AEX', 'LSE', 'Transactions', 'treasury', 'respect', 'role', 'LLP.', 'Email', 'article', 'conjunction', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', 'mind', 'risk', 'past', 'guarantee', 'doubt', 'contents', 'communication', 'substitute', 'Attachment']",2022-11-02,2022-11-03,globenewswire.com
12513,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2022/11/02/2546159/0/en/BGHL-Euro-NAV-Share-buy-back.html,BGHL Euro NAV & Share buy back,BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED      Ordinary Shares      The Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan...,"BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary SharesThe Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for the Company.Close of business 01 Nov 2022.Estimated NAVEuro Shares Sterling Shares Estimated NAV € 28.0663 £ 24.6174 Estimated MTD return -0.29 % -0.29 % Estimated YTD return -3.88 % -2.72 % Estimated ITD return 180.66 % 146.17 %NAV and returns are calculated net of management and performance feesMarket informationEuro Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close € 22.40 N/A Premium/discount to estimated NAV -20.19 % N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close N/A GBX 2 000.00 Premium/discount to estimated NAV N/A -18.76 %Transactions in own securities purchased into treasuryOrdinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares 1 400 N/A Average Price € 22.60 N/A Range of Price N/A N/ALiquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/ABGHL CapitalBGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Shares Outstanding 12 311 714 130 254 Held in treasury 4 874 N/A Shares Issued 12 316 588 130 254Estimated BG Fund NAVClass B Euro Shares (estimated) € 245.0523 Class GBP A Shares (estimated) £ 131.3159The Class B Euro Shares of BG Fund are not subject to investment manager fees  as the Investment Manager receives management fees and performance fees in respect of its role as Investment Manager of BGHL.For further information please contact:Boussard & Gavaudan Investment Management  LLP.Emmanuel Gavaudan +44 (0) 20 3751 5389 Email : info@bgam-uk.comThe Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has received the necessary approval of the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and the States of Guernsey Policy Council. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.This is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Neither the Company nor BG Fund ICAV has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that:all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results;the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; andif you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.Attachment",neutral,0.05,0.95,0.0,negative,0.0,0.23,0.77,True,English,"['BGHL Euro NAV', 'Share', 'The Class B Euro Shares', 'BGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares', 'A Liquidity Enhancement Agreement', 'Class GBP A Shares', 'Euro Shares Sterling Shares', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam', 'A N/A Average Price', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'US Investment Company Act', 'Euro Shares Amsterdam', 'Sterling Shares Shares', 'expert financial advice', 'Sterling Shares Number', 'GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED', 'Guernsey Policy Council', 'collective investment scheme', 'other professional advice', 'BG Fund ICAV', 'closed-ended investment company', 'UK Listing Authority', 'US Securities Act', 'Gavaudan Investment Management', 'investment manager fees', 'BG Fund NAV', 'N/A Shares', 'The Shares', 'Dutch Authority', 'A Range', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'US persons', 'Financial Markets', 'The Directors', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'The Company', 'investment performance', 'original investment', 'investment decision', 'performance fees', 'BGHL Capital', 'management fees', 'MTD return', 'YTD return', 'ITD return', 'financieel toezicht', 'Official List', 'applicable law', 'public offering', 'other jurisdiction', 'United States', 'following information', 'information purposes', 'necessary approval', 'main market', 'future results', 'listed securities', 'Market information', 'BOUSSARD', 'business', 'returns', 'AEX', 'LSE', 'Transactions', 'treasury', 'respect', 'role', 'LLP.', 'Email', 'article', 'conjunction', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', 'mind', 'risk', 'past', 'guarantee', 'doubt', 'contents', 'communication', 'substitute', 'Attachment']",2022-11-02,2022-11-03,globenewswire.com
12514,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/pharming-to-present-at-stifel-healthcare-conference-301665180.html,Pharming to present at Stifel Healthcare Conference,"LEIDEN  Netherlands  Nov. 2  2022 /PRNewswire/ -- Pharming Group N.V. (""Pharming"") (Euronext Amsterdam: PHARM) (NASDAQ: PHAR) announces that its Chief Financial Officer  Jeroen Wakkerman  will present at the Stifel Healthcare Conference in New York  November …","LEIDEN  Netherlands  Nov. 2  2022 /PRNewswire/ -- Pharming Group N.V. (""Pharming"") (Euronext Amsterdam: PHARM) (NASDAQ: PHAR) announces that its Chief Financial Officer  Jeroen Wakkerman  will present at the Stifel Healthcare Conference in New York  November 15-16  2022.Pharming Group N.V.'s CFO will present on Tuesday  November 15 at 08:00 ET / 14:00 CET.The Stifel Healthcare Conference provides investors with high-level access to senior management and industry experts  showcases dynamic companies  and investigates trends that are driving the healthcare industry.For more information about the conference  or to schedule a one-to-one with Pharming's management team  please contact your Stifel representative  or send an email to Pharming's Investor Relations team to [email protected].About Pharming Group N.V.Pharming Group N.V. (EURONEXT Amsterdam: PHARM) (NASDAQ: PHAR) is a global biopharmaceutical company dedicated to transforming the lives of patients with rare  debilitating  and life-threatening diseases. Pharming is commercializing and developing an innovative portfolio of protein replacement therapies and precision medicines  including small molecules  biologics  and gene therapies that are in early to late-stage development. Pharming is headquartered in Leiden  Netherlands  and has employees around the globe who serve patients in over 30 markets in North America  Europe  the Middle East  Africa  and Asia-Pacific. For more information  visit www.pharming.com or follow us on LinkedIn.For further public information  contact:Pharming Group  Leiden  The NetherlandsHeather Robertson  Investor Relations & Corporate Communications Manager:T: +31 71 5247 400E: [email protected]FTI Consulting  London  UKVictoria Foster Mitchell/Alex ShawT: +44 203 727 1000FTI Consulting  USAJim PolsonT: +1 (312) 553-6730LifeSpring Life Sciences Communication  Amsterdam  The NetherlandsLeon MelensT: +31 6 53 81 64 27E: [email protected]Logo - https://mma.prnewswire.com/media/1778344/Pharming_Group_NV_Logo.jpgSOURCE Pharming Group N.V.",neutral,0.05,0.95,0.0,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['Stifel Healthcare Conference', 'Pharming', 'SOURCE Pharming Group N.V.', 'LifeSpring Life Sciences Communication', 'The Stifel Healthcare Conference', 'Chief Financial Officer', 'global biopharmaceutical company', 'Corporate Communications Manager', 'Victoria Foster Mitchell', 'Jim Polson T', 'Leon Melens T', 'protein replacement therapies', 'Investor Relations team', 'healthcare industry', 'Stifel representative', 'management team', 'gene therapies', 'The Netherlands', 'Jeroen Wakkerman', 'New York', 'high-level access', 'senior management', 'industry experts', 'dynamic companies', 'life-threatening diseases', 'innovative portfolio', 'precision medicines', 'small molecules', 'early to', 'late-stage development', 'North America', 'Middle East', 'Heather Robertson', 'FTI Consulting', 'Alex Shaw', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'public information', 'LEIDEN', 'NASDAQ', 'CFO', 'Tuesday', 'November', '14:00 CET', 'investors', 'trends', 'email', 'lives', 'patients', 'biologics', 'employees', 'globe', '30 markets', 'Europe', 'Africa', 'Asia-Pacific', 'LinkedIn', 'London', 'UK', 'USA', 'Logo', 'prnewswire', '08:00']",2022-11-02,2022-11-03,prnewswire.com
12515,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2022/11/02/2546164/0/en/McPhy-Energy-The-launch-of-the-McPhy-s-Gigafactory-on-the-Belfort-site.html,McPhy Energy : The launch of the McPhy’s Gigafactory on the Belfort site,Grenoble  France  November 2  2022 at 7:45 a.m. CET - McPhy Energy  specialized in low-carbon hydrogen production and distribution equipment (electrolyzers and refueling stations)  announces the final decision of investment for its Gigafactory of electrolyzer…,"French EnglishIndustrial set-up dedicated to electrolyzers without equivalent in Europe;Commissioning is scheduled for the 1 st half of 2024  with a gradual ramp-up to reach an annual production capacity of 1 GW;half of 2024  with a gradual ramp-up to reach an annual production capacity of 1 GW; Final decision of investment taken by the Board of Directors of McPhy;Public aid contract signed with Bpifrance to a maximum amount of 114 million euros  with a1 st payment of 28.5 million euros;1 payment of 28.5 million euros; Induced acceleration of development investments and expenses with an impact on the financial performance of the second half of 2022.Grenoble  France  November 2  2022 at 7:45 a.m. CET - McPhy Energy  specialized in low-carbon hydrogen production and distribution equipment (electrolyzers and refueling stations)  announces the final decision of investment for its Gigafactory of electrolyzers on the Belfort site by its Board of Directors on October 26. This approval was followed by the signing with Bpifrance of the contract on the state aid by the French government  up to 114 million euros for the Gigafactory within the framework of the PIIEC scheme1. The eligibility of the McPhy's project to this scheme was approved by the European Commission last July.Jean-Baptiste Lucas  Chief Executive Officer of McPhy  commented: ""We are very pleased with the decision of our Board of Directors  which is a positive conclusion to the various favorable notices we have recently received about our Gigafactory project. This Gigafactory will be a decisive tool in the development and design of large-scale electrolyzers  which are essential for the use of green hydrogen in ambitious decarbonization projects for industry and heavy mobility. We will soon have an industrial set-up capable of mass-producing a wide range of electrolyzers on a continental scale  that is unmatched by any other player in decarbonized electrolysis in Europe.""Antoine Ressicaud  Chief Operating Officer of McPhy  says: “This is an inspiring project for the entire McPhy team  with 20 000 sqm dedicated to the manufacture and testing of multi-MW electrolyzers. Our desire is to implement the highest standards of industrial performance on this Belfort facility  through an ambitious social and environmental approach.”The commissioning of the future plant on the Belfort site is scheduled from the 1st half of 2024  with a gradual ramp-up aimed at reaching an annual production capacity of 1 GW. The McPhy Group will then have a total annual production capacity of 1.3 GW2  including the capacity of the San Miniato site in Italy  in line with the growth prospects of the green hydrogen markets  particularly in industry.A phased public aid with an initial payment from Bpifrance of 28.5 million euros by the end of 2022The contract signed with Bpifrance provides for the terms and conditions for the implementation of the public aid. McPhy will receive by December 31  2022 an initial payment of 28.5 million euros. Subsequent payments will take the form of reimbursements of expenses incurred  pursuant to the terms of the contract  following the satisfactory achievement of defined milestones  for a total amount  including the initial payment  of up to 114 million euros.A strategic tool for McPhy's technological and industrial ambitionsWith this Gigafactory  McPhy is pursuing 3 objectives:Innovation : through the development of new generation alkaline electrolyzers  in terms of size  components and integration within modules;: through the development of new generation alkaline electrolyzers  in terms of size  components and integration within modules; Industrialization : with large-scale production to meet the needs of the European market in particular  to contribute to the decarbonization of industry  mobility and energy;: with large-scale production to meet the needs of the European market in particular  to contribute to the decarbonization of industry  mobility and energy; Collaboration: with numerous partners of the Hydrogen ecosystem in Europe and the dissemination of knowledge with academic  industrial and research stakeholders.The future plant in Belfort will host new developments and production of the large electrolyzers in the ""Augmented McLyzer"" range  a real technological breakthrough  enabling 20  100 MW and beyond (GW) architectures to be equipped with an output pressure of 30 bar. This large-scale R&D and industrialization effort will provide the industry with equipment capable of producing hydrogen from renewable energies at a cost that is competitive compared to alternatives using carbon energy.The Gigafactory will further strengthen the McPhy's industrial set-up with  on one hand  the electrolyzers with the ongoing automation of the San Miniato site  dedicated to the production of electrolyzers of up to 1 MW capacity and  on the other hand  the stations  on the brand-new site in Grenoble.Concurrently  Belfort's location at the crossroads of many European countries  with a genuine research and development ecosystem dedicated to innovation and hydrogen  will foster the multiplication of potential industrial and commercial partnerships.Acceleration of development investments and expenses from the second half of 2022The beginning of the construction and the purchase of the land will result in a cash outflow related to the Gigafactory of 9 million euros by the end of the year. In addition  and as previously indicated  McPhy intends to make further investments in order to be able to meet the growing demand for large-scale equipment and facilities  by increasing its R&D resources and by strengthening its project and service teams. These efforts  which are being implemented now  will result in additional expenses in the second half of 2022 and are expected to lead the year-end cash position to a level comparable to the end of the first half  taking into account the Gigafactory-related Bpifrance initial payment and cash outflows.About McPhySpecialized in hydrogen production and distribution equipment  McPhy is contributing to the global deployment of low-carbon hydrogen as a solution for energy transition. With its complete range of products dedicated to the industrial  mobility and energy sectors  McPhy offers its customers turnkey solutions adapted to their applications in industrial raw material supply  recharging of fuel cell electric vehicles or storage and recovery of electricity surplus based on renewable sources. As designer  manufacturer and integrator of hydrogen equipment since 2008  McPhy has three development  engineering and production centers in Europe (France  Italy  Germany). Its international subsidiaries provide broad commercial coverage for its innovative hydrogen solutions. McPhy is listed on Euronext Paris (compartment B  ISIN code: FR0011742329  MCPHY).CONTACTSNewCap Investor RelationsEmmanuel HuynhT. +33 (0)1 44 71 94 99mcphy@newcap.eu Press RelationsNicolas MerigeauT. +33 (0)1 44 71 94 98Gaëlle FromaigeatT.+33 (0)1 44 71 98 52mcphy@newcap.eu1 PIIEC (""Projet Important d’Intérêt Européen Commun "") or IPCEI (""Important Project of Common European Interest"") is a financing system that supports projects deemed essential for Europe's competitiveness  authorizing Member States to finance initiatives beyond the limits usually set by European regulations. A PIIEC or IPCEI Hydrogen was launched on December 17  2020.2 Annual production capacity of the Belfort site of 1 GW  in addition to the 300 MW production capacity of the McPhy site in San Miniato  Italy.Attachment",neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,positive,1.0,0.0,0.0,True,English,"['Belfort site', 'McPhy Energy', 'launch', 'Gigafactory', 'new generation alkaline electrolyzers', 'total annual production capacity', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'various favorable notices', 'Chief Operating Officer', 'Augmented McLyzer"" range', 'San Miniato site', 'large-scale R&D', 'many European countries', 'real technological breakthrough', 'green hydrogen markets', 'low-carbon hydrogen production', 'entire McPhy team', 'ambitious decarbonization projects', 'The McPhy Group', 'Public aid contract', 'new developments', 'total amount', 'large-scale production', 'wide range', 'ambitious social', 'brand-new site', 'state aid', 'European Commission', 'European market', 'Hydrogen ecosystem', '1 MW capacity', 'large-scale electrolyzers', 'French English', 'gradual ramp-up', 'maximum amount', '114 million euros', '28.5 million euros', 'financial performance', 'Belfort site', 'French government', 'Jean-Baptiste Lucas', 'positive conclusion', 'decisive tool', 'continental scale', 'other player', 'decarbonized electrolysis', 'Antoine Ressicaud', 'highest standards', 'environmental approach', 'future plant', 'growth prospects', 'Subsequent payments', 'satisfactory achievement', 'strategic tool', 'numerous partners', 'research stakeholders', 'output pressure', 'renewable energies', 'The Gigafactory', 'one hand', 'ongoing automation', 'up to', 'other hand', 'genuine research', 'Industrial set-up', 'industrial performance', 'industrial ambitions', 'multi-MW electrolyzers', 'large electrolyzers', '1 st payment', 'initial payment', '1 st half', 'second half', '1st half', 'Final decision', 'inspiring project', 'Belfort facility', 'distribution equipment', 'refueling stations', 'PIIEC scheme', 'This Gigafactory', 'industrialization effort', 'carbon energy', 'development investments', 'development ecosystem', 'heavy mobility', 'GW) architectures', 'Gigafactory project', 'McPhy Energy', '1 payment', '20, 100 MW', '1 GW', '1.3 GW', 'equivalent', 'Commissioning', 'Board', 'Directors', 'Bpifrance', 'acceleration', 'expenses', 'impact', 'Grenoble', '7:45 a', 'CET', 'October', 'approval', 'signing', 'framework', 'eligibility', 'design', 'use', 'industry', '20,000 sqm', 'manufacture', 'testing', 'desire', 'Italy', 'end', 'terms', 'conditions', 'implementation', 'December', 'reimbursements', 'milestones', '3 objectives', 'Innovation', 'size', 'components', 'integration', 'modules', 'needs', 'Collaboration', 'dissemination', 'knowledge', '30 bar', 'cost', 'alternatives', 'location', 'crossroads']",2022-11-02,2022-11-03,globenewswire.com
12516,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2022/11/02/2546967/0/en/Marel-Q3-2022-Revenues-up-36-to-EUR-451m-and-improved-EBIT-of-10-3.html,Marel Q3 2022: Revenues up 36% to EUR 451m and improved EBIT of 10.3%,Executive summary  On track towards the 14-16% EBIT target for year-end 2023.Improved operational performance on higher volume enabled by automation......,English IcelandicExecutive summaryOn track towards the 14-16% EBIT target for year-end 2023.Improved operational performance on higher volume enabled by automation infrastructure investments  solid customer deliveries  as well as better price/cost coverage.Full benefit of already enacted pricing actions to filter through in coming quarters resulting in better price/cost coverage and gradual margin expansion.Annualized savings from the 5% workforce reduction revised to up to EUR 25m (previously stated EUR 20m)  savings to be realized in coming quarters.Recurring aftermarket revenues of 42% reflecting strong market position as a trusted maintenance partner and underpinning 2026 target to reach 50% in aftermarket revenues.Solid growth in orders received at new price level  healthy order book and pipeline remains strong fueled by pioneering solutions and unique sales and service network globally.Financial highlights Q3 2022Orders received were EUR 427.1m (2Q22: 471.8m  3Q21: 360.6m).Order book 1 was EUR 751.0m (2Q22: 774.5m  3Q21: 527.8m).was EUR 751.0m (2Q22: 774.5m  3Q21: 527.8m). Revenues were EUR 450.6m (2Q22: 397.3m  3Q21: 331.9m).Book-to-bill is 0.95 and the order book represents 47.3% of 12-month trailing revenuesEBIT 2 was EUR 46.2m (2Q22: 25.0m  3Q21: 36.0m)  translating to an EBIT 2 margin of 10.3% (2Q22: 6.3%  3Q21: 10.8%).was EUR 46.2m (2Q22: 25.0m  3Q21: 36.0m)  translating to an EBIT margin of 10.3% (2Q22: 6.3%  3Q21: 10.8%). Net result was EUR 8.9m (2Q22: 9.6m  3Q21: 23.2m).Basic earnings per share (EPS) were EUR 1.18 cents (2Q22: 1.27 cents  3Q21: 3.10 cents).Cash flow from operating activities before interest and tax was EUR 1.0m (2Q22: 8.4m  3Q21: 19.7m).Free cash flow amounted to EUR -34.8m (2Q22: -7.9m 3Q21: 0.1m)  due to lower EBITDA  higher investments and unfavorable working capital movements.3Q21: 0.1m)  due to lower EBITDA  higher investments and unfavorable working capital movements. Net debt/EBITDA3 was 3.9x (2Q22: 3.8x  3Q21: 0.9x) following acquisition of Wenger  focus on deleveraging to return to targeted capital structure of 2-3x net debt to EBITDA.Financial highlights 9M 2022Orders received were EUR 1 320.6m (9M21: 1 101.3m).Revenues were EUR 1 219.5m (9M21: 993.4m).EBIT 2 was EUR 102.5m (9M21: 112.6m)  translating to an EBIT 1 margin of 8.4% (9M21: 11.3%).was EUR 102.5m (9M21: 112.6m)  translating to an EBIT margin of 8.4% (9M21: 11.3%). Net result was EUR 40.2m (9M21: 67.7m).Basic earnings per share (EPS) were EUR 5.33 cents (9M21: 9.05 cents).Cash flow from operating activities before interest and tax was EUR 52.1m (9M21: 157.8m).Free cash flow at EUR -28.1m (9M21: 100.2m).Notes: 1 Including acquired order book of EUR 81m from Wenger and Sleegers. 2 Operating income adjusted for PPA related costs  including depreciation and amortization and acquisition related expenses. In Q3 2022  operating income is adjusted for restructuring costs due to the 5% headcount reduction. 3 Net debt (including lease liabilities) / Pro-forma LTM EBITDA.Arni Oddur Thordarson  CEO“I am pleased with the unity and performance of team Marel in recent weeks and months. Strong customer deliveries over the quarter resulted in record revenues of EUR 451 million  up 36% year-on-year  thereof 20% organic  with improved EBIT performance of 10.3%. Actions already enacted support our EBIT target of 14-16% run-rate by year-end 2023.Our goal is to transform food processing and be an enabler for a more sustainable industry where automation and digitalization are key. We are as well transforming Marel. Our disciplined investments in past years  in acquisitions as well as innovation and infrastructure  are portfolio management by design. We are taking on game-changing actions to secure Marel’s competitive advantage and market position as a one stop shop for our customers - the food processors of the world - ranging from small butchers to blue-chip processors and leading retailers with global operations. Service revenues continue to rise  reaching 42% of total revenues  compared to 10% in 2005  underpinning our clear target to reach 50% by year-end 2026. We are investing in transformational infrastructure initiatives far above the industry standard  or around 4-5% of sales to become the partner of choice in a new world flow in global supply chain.Our cash flow model is strong with an average cash conversion ratio of 125% throughout the years  albeit lower temporarily due to continued supply chain disruption. Net leverage was 3.9x at quarter-end and our objective is to enter 2024 closer to 2.0x  or the lower end of the targeted range of 2.0-3.0x.Today  we also announce a new 3-year USD 300 million senior loan with a 2-year uncommitted extension option  an acknowledgment of our financial strength and the confidence our long-term banking partners have in Marel and its new platform investment focused on pet food  plant-based proteins  and aqua feed. Part of this new financing will be used to repay the EUR 150m multi-currency bridge facility drawn for operational headroom when acquiring Wenger.We need to ensure the size and scale of our operations reflect current market realities  and the 5% cut in global workforce which took place in Q3 will result in annualized cost savings of up to EUR 25 million going into 2023. At the same time  we need to support long-term profitability and position our business for future growth. To this end  we have been refining our operating model to improve speed and scalability across the organization. With the Focus First program introduced today  we have the right playbook to navigate volatility and create value  foster customer-centricity  enhance end-to-end accountability and enable cross-business collaboration.I am very proud of team Marel  a united group of passionate innovators that have an important role in the green transition taking place. We touch the daily lives of consumers around the world seeking delicious  safe and affordable food that is processed in a sustainable way. In partnership with our customers  we are on a journey to co-create new ways of thinking to the benefit to our industry and the food value chain.”Financial performanceSolid orders received at new price levelOrders received in 3Q22 of EUR 427.1m  down 9.5% QoQ and up 18.4% YoY (2Q22: 471.8m  3Q21: 360.6m). Strong first nine months of the year with combined orders of EUR 1 320.6m  up 19.9% from EUR 1 101.3m in 9M21.Demand for Marel’s pioneering solutions has been strong since 3Q21 with orders above EUR 400m. Based on the new level of market demand  Marel raised its forecast of short-term organic market growth to the range of 6-8%.Need for automation and digitalization investments in food processing continues. Initially accelerated by the pandemic and the accompanying shift in market dynamics in today’s inflationary environment  colored by labor scarcity and geopolitics  the need for further automation and sustainable use of raw materials  energy and water within food processing has become ever more pressing.Pipeline for the poultry and plant  pet and feed segments is at a strong run rate. Outlook for the fish segment is good for the medium-term with some uncertainty in the short term due to Norwegian tax proposal. Continues to be softer for the meat segment  with consumers shifting towards poultry. In North America and Latin America  market demand was on a strong rate  while increased uncertainty due to the war in Ukraine  surging energy prices in addition to rising inflation and interest rates  is softening demand in Europe.Healthy order book of EUR 751m and book-to-bill ratio of 0.95Order book of EUR 751.0m at the end of September  up 42.3% YoY (3Q21: 527.8m)  representing 47.3% of 12-month trailing revenues.Vast majority of the order book is comprised of greenfields and projects  while spare parts and standard equipment run faster through the system. Marel has actively raised prices which are filtering through the order book in this quarter and coming 2-3 quarters. New price/cost levels filtering through varies by business mix (aftermarket ~6-8 weeks  standard equipment ~3-6 months  and larger projects ~9-12 months).Order book consists of orders that have been signed and financially secured with down payments/letters of credit.The book-to-bill ratio in the quarter was 0.95  compared to an average of 1.09 in the past four quarters (4Q21-3Q22)  and reflects the strong revenue growth in the quarter on the back of a record order book in June 2022 and Marel’s timely delivery to customers.Strong revenue growth  both projects and aftermarket at record levels and first full quarter with consolidated revenues from WengerRevenues in the quarter totaled EUR 450.6m  up 13.4% QoQ and 35.8% YoY (2Q22: 397.3m  3Q21: 331.9m)  and revenues in 9M22 were EUR 1 219.5m (9M21: 993.4m). Recent acquisitions contributed EUR 50.7m to revenues in 3Q22.Organic revenue growth in 3Q22 was 19.9% YoY and 15.6% YoY when comparing with the full nine months 2022 to the same period in 2021.Aftermarket revenues  comprised of recurring services and spare parts  were 42% of total revenues in the quarter (2Q22: 41%  3Q21: 40%) and 41% for 9M22 (9M21: 40%).Spare part revenues were at a record level for the fifth sequential quarter  further underpinning Marel’s commitment to investments in automating and digitizing the spare parts delivery model and shortening lead times.Higher volume and solid customer deliveries enabled by infrastructure investments and actions to resolve bottlenecks. Market conditions remain challenging due to parts availability and inefficiencies in manufacturing  as well as higher costs associated with timely delivery.Low customer concentration with no customer accounting for more than 5% of total annual revenues.New revenue level in 2022-2023Marel is targeting gradual step-up in revenue growth in 2022-2023 on the back of a strong order book and orders received at new price levels.Actions in place to facilitate ramp up of revenues to new level include setting up cross-functional teams for critical suppliers  innovating to engineer around switching parts and suppliers where needed.High focus on ramping up production in poultry and salmon  resolving parts availability issues and better load balancing across manufacturing sites.Leveraging strong local sales and service coverage  continued innovation investment  and transformative initiatives in the end-to-end spare parts journey to safeguard competitive position as a trusted maintenance partner.Ramp up of revenues providing better price/cost coverageGross profit margin improvement to 36.0% in the quarter (2Q22: 33.5%  3Q21: 37.1%) and 35.2% in 9M22 (9M21: 36.9%). Gross profit was EUR 162.0m in the quarter (2Q22: 133.1m  3Q21: 123.2m) and EUR 429.1m in 9M22 (9M21: 366.2m).SG&A of 19.7% (2Q22: 21.4%  3Q21: 20.3%) and 20.8% in 9M22 (9M21: 19.4%). Clear target to reach 18% in SG&A by YE23.Sales and marketing (S&M) expenses were at a level of 12.6% of revenues in 3Q22 (2Q22: 13.9%  3Q21: 13.4%). S&M expenses were 13.4% in 9M22 (9M21: 12.5%). Clear target to reach 12.0% in S&M by YE23.General and administrative (G&A) expenses were 7.1% of revenues in the quarter (2Q22: 7.5%  3Q21: 6.9%). G&A was 7.4% of revenues in 9M22 (9M21: 6.9%). Cost saving initiatives in motion to reach YE23 targets  e.g. Shared Services where transition period is resulting in higher costs temporarily.Innovation costs at 5.9% in 3Q22 (2Q22: 5.8%  3Q21: 6.0%) and 5.9% in 9M22 (9M21: 6.1%)  in line with mid-term YE23 target of 6.0%.EBIT1 in the quarter was EUR 46.2m (2Q22: 25.0m  3Q21: 36.0m)  translating to an EBIT1 margin of 10.3% (2Q22: 6.3%  3Q21: 10.8%). EBIT1 in 9M22 was EUR 102.5m (9M21: 112.6m)  translating to an EBIT1 margin of 8.4% (1H21: 11.3%).As stated in 2Q22  strong order book and the full benefit of pricing actions are supporting ramp up in revenues and improving price/cost coverage and operational performance in the second half of 2022  towards the YE23 targets.Improved operational performance in the quarter on the back of better price/cost coverage  increased volume through solid customer deliveries  as well as FX tailwind. Market conditions remain challenging due to parts availability and inefficiencies in manufacturing as well as higher costs associated with timely delivery.Marel adjusts EBIT1 for PPA and acquisition related costs. In Q3 2022  EBIT1 is adjusted for restructuring costs due to the 5% headcount reduction.Energy exposure for Marel is less than 1% of revenues. As part of our sustainability program  we aim to power at least 85% of our manufacturing facilities by renewable electricity by 2026  which stood at 61% at year-end 2021 (2020: 45%).Firm commitment to improve profitability through higher revenues  price execution  and lower costs to reach year-end 2023 targetsIn 2Q22  Marel revised its year-end 2023 financial target to a run-rate of 14-16% EBIT  from the previously stated 16%  allowing for 2% contingency buffer due to volatility in market conditions.Other year-end 2023 financial targets were unchanged  gross profit of around 40%  SG&A of around 18% and innovation at the 6% strategic level.Already enacted pricing actions and volume upside expected to continue to filter through until 2Q23  depending on the time lag by business mix (aftermarket ~6-8 weeks  standard equipment ~3-6 months  and larger projects ~9-12 months) and will support improved price/cost coverage and margin expansion.Annualized cost savings from the 5% workforce reduction worldwide as announced in 2Q22 revised to up to EUR 25m (previously stated EUR 20m). EUR 5.5m one-off cost accounted for and adjusted for in 3Q22 with remainder to be accounted for in 4Q22.Further margin expansion expected from initiatives centered around price/cost discipline  OPEX efficiency  and revenues at a new level  which are expected to add a total of 6% towards the YE23 run-rate target of 14-16% EBIT.Focus First to improve speed and scalability across the organizationMarel announced organizational changes on 2 November 2022.To position Marel for future growth and ensure long-term profitability. Marel is refining its operating model enabling customer-centricity  enhancing end-to-end accountability and ensuring cross-business collaboration.The operating model has seven business divisions  global functions and customer centers. The seven divisions are: Poultry  Meat  Fish  Retail and Food Service Solutions (RFS)  Service  Software Solutions and Plant  Pet and Feed.Functions provide enabling capabilities and expertise to the divisions.‘Customer Centers’ is the new name for the Regions  further building upon the foundation of global reach and local presence that has been built over the last few years. The Customer Centers focus on bringing sales and service efforts together for our customers  creating a truly customer centric experience.Continued investment to position our business for future growthCash capital expenditures excluding R&D investments to be on average 4-5% of revenues in 2021- 2026  thereafter  returning to more normalized levels of below 3% of revenues.To drive the performance improvements needed to reach the 2023 financial targets  Marel will ensure the size and scale of our operations reflect current market realities  and at the same time support long-term profitability and position our business for future growth.The long-term outlook for the industry is unchanged and therefore Marel will continue to invest in the platform  including digital solutions  spare parts handling and streamlining the back end.Continued focus on automating and digitizing the manufacturing platform  supply chain and aftermarket to shorten lead times and support the 2026 target of 50% of revenues coming from service and software.In 3Q22  Marel invested in a new production facility adjacent to its current operations in Nitra  Slovakia. A strategically important investment  in efforts to scale up production in a best-cost location. The 18 700 m2 facility will be officially opened on 3 November and named Nitra West. Expected to be fully operational in 1H23.Ongoing journey to digitize  automate and improve flow and flex in our main poultry facility in Boxmeer  our largest manufacturing facility. Good progress on a new 10.000 m2 warehouse for manufactured parts to improve inbound logistics. Expected to become operational in 1H23.A new and digitalized global distribution center  strategically located in Eindhoven  Netherlands  will become operational in 2024 and shorten lead times to customers  to improve the flow and flex  scale and operational efficiency.Cash flow colored by unfavorable working capital movements and timing of paymentsOperating cash flow was EUR 1.0 m in the quarter (2Q22: 18.4m  3Q21: 19.7m). For the first nine months of the year  operating cash flow was EUR 52.1m (9M21 157.8m).Cash CAPEX excluding R&D investments in 3Q22 were EUR 19.3m (2Q22: 14.2m  3Q21: 9.6m) or 4.3% of revenues.Operating cash flow impacted by the book-to-bill ratio in the quarter of 0.95 as well as unfavorable working capital movements  including timing of invoicing and payments.Free cash flow was EUR -34.8m in the quarter (2Q22: -7.9m  3Q22: 0.1m)  impacted by net working capital movements and continued investments. For the first nine months of the year  free cash flow was EUR -28.1m (9M21: 100.2m).Marel’s cash flow model remains unchanged. Aim to reach historical cash conversion to EBIT1 of ~120% by year-end 2023.Leverage temporarily above target of 2-3xNet leverage was 3.9x at the end of 3Q22 (2Q22: 3.8x  3Q21: 0.9x) elevated by FX impact from stronger USD resulting in higher debts.Objective to enter 2024 closer to 2.0x  or the lower end of the targeted range of 2.0-3.0x  where main drivers of deleveraging will be EBIT improvements and improvements in net working capital.Marel has a strong cash flow model and has shown in the past that it has deleveraged quickly after transformational acquisitions.Temporarily elevated working capital  expected to normalize in coming quarters.New USD 300 million term loan for additional headroom and flexibilityOn 2 November  Marel signed a new 3-year USD 300m term loan with the company’s banking group consisting of ABN AMRO  BNP Paribas  Danske Bank  HSBC  ING  Rabobank  and UniCredit.The new USD 300m term loan has an initial margin of 250bp on top of Secured Overnight Financing Rate (SOFR) that will move in line with the net debt/EBITDA ratio and has a two-year uncommitted extension option.Part of this new financing will be used to repay the EUR 150m multi-currency bridge facility drawn for operational headroom when acquiring Wenger.While Marel is within the acquisition spike and covenant terms of the EUR 700 million revolving facility  Marel and the banking group have agreed on additional covenant headroom as a safety measure for temporary swings in cash flow and operational performance as well as FX volatility.Marel has committed liquidity of EUR 170.3m at the end of 3Q22  and the new loan will increase liquidity to EUR 326.6m including cash at hand.Industry performance Q3 2022Marel Poultry - 47% of total revenues with 16.5% EBIT1 marginOn the way up towards historical profitability  promising pipeline and outlook.Orders received for Marel Poultry were strong in 3Q22 across products  projects and aftermarket. Good mix in orders received in the quarter at the new price level with growth in primary  secondary and consumer-ready solutions. The need for automation and optimized processing for better use of raw materials  energy and water becoming increasingly relevant in an inflationary environment. Consumers are tightening budgets  dining more at home and shifting to affordable proteins like poultry. The Marel Atlas live bird animal handling system reached an important milestone with over 50 systems sold since introduction in 2019. Promising pipeline and outlook  strong in North America and Latin America  supporting stronger volume going forward with favorable product mix.Revenues in 3Q22 for Marel Poultry were EUR 211.3m  up 36.0% YoY (3Q21: 155.4m): Solid customer deliveries over the quarter with several initiatives in infrastructure to improve flow and flex in key manufacturing sites.EBIT1 margin in the quarter was 16.5% (3Q21: 13.7%) and moving up towards historical profitability despite continued margin pressures due to higher costs related to supply chain inefficiencies.Management targets short-term EBIT margin expansion for Marel Poultry. Focus on further revenue ramp up in coming quarters in line with strong orders received at new price level and healthy order book resulting in gradual improvements in operational performance.Two seasoned leaders within the Marel Poultry organization  Dirk den Hartog  Service Director  and Arie Tulp  Sales & Marketing Director are stepping up to co-lead Marel Poultry during the interim period while Roger Claessen  EVP of Marel Poultry  will step in as interim EVP of Marel Meat until a new appointment is announced.Marel Meat - 29% of total revenues with 2.8% EBIT1 marginChallenging market conditions  operational performance below targets and outlook soft.Orders received in 3Q22 for Marel Meat were soft  in particular in primary processing projects. Challenging market conditions where geopolitics  sanctions and lockdowns in China are having a significant impact on the meat industry. Additionally  double digit inflation and focus on sustainability is shifting consumer preferences from meat to poultry and plant-based proteins. Focus forward is on modernization opportunities within primary meat and bringing pioneering solutions to the market in secondary processing to improve the seamless flow.Outlook for North America and Latin America is promising while softer for other geographies in current market conditions. Marel is investing in several infrastructure initiatives to support aftermarket sales and modernization opportunities within primary meat. Recent product launches in secondary processing show higher efficiency  e.g. optimizing for exact fat/lean ratio for minced meat  increasing in relevance in inflationary environment.Revenues in 3Q22 for Marel Meat were below targets at EUR 131.1m  up 5.3% YoY (3Q21: 124.5m) due to soft order book and lower volumes  continued supply chain inefficiencies and unbalanced load between manufacturing sites.EBIT1 margin in 3Q22 of 2.8% (3Q21: 8.6%) where the improvement compared to 2Q22 is due to product mix. High focus on making necessary changes to achieve improved operational performance. Management continues to target EBIT margin expansion for Marel Meat.David Wilson  EVP of Marel Meat  is stepping down and will be leaving Marel. Marel would like to sincerely thank David for his valuable contribution  commitment and loyalty over his 24-year career at the company and wish him every success in his future endeavors.Marel Fish - 10% of total revenues with -5.5% EBIT1 marginOperational performance below expectations  focus on improved productivity and cost efficiency.Orders received for Marel Fish were good in 3Q22  although softer compared to the past two record quarters. Pipeline expected to continue at a good level  although the short-term outlook for salmon industry’s investment appetite is colored by the Norwegian government’s new tax proposal for sea-based salmon farmers. Several new solutions recently launched for the whitefish market. The first automated tilapia filleting machine  FilleXia  is revolutionizing the tilapia processing industry that until now has relied on a large  highly skilled workforce to fillet the fish manually.Revenues in 3Q22 for Marel Fish were EUR 43.6m  up 15.6% YoY (3Q21: 37.7m) while down 16.2% compared to 2Q22 which was a record quarter in customer deliveries.EBIT1 margin in 3Q22 was -5.5% (3Q21: 6.6%) and below expectations impacted by integration costs (not adjusted for) due to fast track on integration of Curio and Valka  as well as product mix  weighted towards projects over standard equipment.Insolvency proceedings of Stranda Prolog resulted in a EUR 7.0m write-off for Marel in 3Q22  categorized as investments in associates  and as such does not impact operational performance (EBIT)  though it impacts net result.Management continues to target EBIT margin expansion for Marel Fish. Focus on faster conversion from strong order book to revenues  in addition to improved product mix  productivity and cost efficiency through load balancing in key locations.Marel Plant  Pet and Feed (Wenger platform) - 12% of total revenues with 15.7% EBIT1 marginNew segment in Marel’s reporting focused on pet food  plant-based protein and aqua feed.Q3 2022 is the first quarter where the newly acquired Wenger business is consolidated in Marel’s segment reporting under the name of ‘Marel Plant  Pet and Feed’  which also includes sales of retail and food service solutions into this market segment.Wenger  a global leader in extrusion and dryer solutions focused on high growth markets of pet food  plant-based protein and aqua feed  was successfully closed for a total investment of USD 540m on 9 June 2022. US-based Wenger enjoys a diversified and loyal customer base ranging from blue-chip pet food processors to startup companies in plant-based proteins. Over 60% of Wenger’s revenues derive from pet food where the company has a global leading position  and over 40% of revenues come from aftermarket services. Orders received were in line with expectations across the segments  and pipeline looks promising albeit softer for aqua feed due to Norwegian tax proposal.Revenues in 3Q22 were EUR 55.9m  including EUR 9.0m in revenues that were historically reported under the other segment. Wenger performed well in line with expectations with stronger 2H compared to 1H due to timing of orders and shipments. Wenger’s revenues have grown organically approximately 5% in 2017-2021. Revenues expected around USD 190m in FY22.EBIT1 margin in 3Q22 of 15.7%  driven by the expected Wenger EBIT margin of 14-15% in addition to favorable product mix from sales of retail and food service solutions into the segment.Notes: Revenues from Wenger were allocated to the Other segment as of closing 9 June 2022 until end of Q2 2022. As of Q3 2022  Wenger has become part of segment reporting alongside the poultry  meat and fish business segments  under the name ‘Plant  Pet and Feed’. In 3Q22  revenues for Plant  Pet and Feed were EUR 55.9m  including EUR 9.0m in revenues that were historically reported under the Other segment. 1 Operating income adjusted for PPA related costs  including depreciation and amortization and acquisition related expenses. In Q3 2022  operating income is adjusted for restructuring costs due to the 5% headcount reduction.OutlookIn 2Q22  Marel revised its year-end 2023 financial target to a run-rate of 14-16% EBIT  from the previously stated 16%  allowing for 2% contingency buffer due to volatility in market conditions. Other 2023 financial targets are unchanged  gross profit of around 40%  SG&A of around 18% and innovation at the 6% strategic level.Market conditions remain challenging due to continued supply chain disruption and inflation at high levels resulting in inefficiencies in manufacturing and aftermarket  and higher costs associated with timely delivery. Marel is targeting a gradual build-up of revenues and operational performance in 2022-2023  based on a strong order book with better price/cost coverage in new orders. Marel is experiencing strong demand for its solutions  software and services driven by an accelerating focus on automation  robotics technology and digital solutions that support sustainable food processing.In the period 2017-2026  Marel is targeting 12% average annual revenue growth through market penetration and innovation  complemented by strategic partnerships and acquisitions.Maintaining solid operational performance and strong cash flow is expected to support 5-7% revenue growth on average by acquisition.Marel’s management expects average annual market growth of 4-6% in the long term. Marel aims to grow organically faster than the market  driven by innovation and growing market penetration.Management believes that market growth will be at a level of 6-8% in the medium term (2021-2026)  due to catch up effect from the past five years and a tailwind in the market.Recurring aftermarket revenues to reach 50% of total revenues by YE26  including software and services.Marel’s management expects basic EPS to grow faster than revenues.Cash capital expenditures excluding R&D investments are expected to increase to on average 4-5% of revenues in 2021-2026  thereafter  returning to more normalized levels.Growth is not expected to be linear but based on opportunities and economic fluctuations. Operational results may vary from quarter to quarter due to general economic developments  fluctuations in orders received and timing of deliveries of larger systems.Q3 2022 investor meeting on 3 November 2022 at 9:30 CETOn Thursday 3 November 2022  at 8:30 am GMT (9:30 am CET)  Marel will host an investor meeting where senior management will give an overview of the financial results and operational highlights in the third quarter of the year.The investor meeting will be held at the company’s headquarters in Austurhraun 9  Gardabaer  Iceland. Breakfast will be served from 8:00 am GMT.The meeting will be streamed live on marel.com/webcast and a recording will be made available after the meeting on marel.com/ir.Members of the investment community can join the conference call by dialing:IS: +354 800 7437 (PIN 84639778#)NL: +31 20 721 9495UK: +44 33 3300 9035US: +1 646 722 4956Upcoming investor events in 2022-2023Marel regularly engages with market participants during non-deal roadshows  equity sales briefings  conferences  and other events. Here are some of Marel’s upcoming investor events in 2022:Berenberg European Conference  London  7-8 DecemberJefferies Pan-European Mid-Cap Conference  London  28-29 MarchUpcoming trade shows and events in 2022-2023Marel regularly participates in exhibitions around the world where it showcases the company’s innovative solutions. In addition  Marel hosts its own trade shows and KnowHows in the company’s demonstration facilities. Here are some of Marel’s upcoming events in 2022-2023:Gulfood in Dubai  UAE  8-10 NovemberChina Fisheries in Quingdao  China  9-11 NovemberCIMIE in Quingdao  China  17-19 NovemberIPPE in Atlanta  USA  24-26 JanuaryVIV Asia in Bangkok  Thailand  8-10 MarchSeafood Expo North America in Boston  USA  12-14 MarchCFIA in Rennes  France  14-16 MarchSeafood Processing Europe in Barcelona  Spain  25-27 AprilFinancial calendarMarel will publish its financial results according to the below financial calendar:Q4 2023 – 8 February 2023AGM – 22 March 2023Financial results will be disclosed and published after market closing of both Nasdaq Iceland and Euronext Amsterdam.Investor relationsFor further information  please contact Marel Investor Relations via email ir@marel.com or tel. +354 563 8001.About MarelMarel (NASDAQ: MAREL; AEX: MAREL) is a leading global provider of advanced food processing equipment  systems  software  and services to the poultry  meat and fish industries. In line with its 2017- 2026 growth strategy  Marel has gradually expanded its business model into adjacent industries  where most recently the acquisition of Wenger has added a fourth pillar focused on pet food  plant-based protein and aqua feed. Our united team of over 7 000 employees in over 6 continents delivered EUR 1.4 billion in revenues in 2021. Annually  Marel invests around 6% of revenues in innovation. By continuously transforming food processing  we enable our customers to increase yield and throughput  ensure food safety and improve sustainability in food production. Marel was listed on NASDAQ Iceland in 1992 and dual-listed on Euronext Amsterdam in June 2019. For further information  please visit marel.com/ir.Forward-looking statementsStatements in this press release that are not based on historical facts are forward-looking statements. Although such statements are based on management’s current estimates and expectations  forward-looking statements are inherently uncertain. We therefore caution the reader that there are a variety of factors that could cause business conditions and results to differ materially from what is contained in our forward-looking statements  and that we do not undertake to update any forward-looking statements. All forward-looking statements are qualified in their entirety by this cautionary statement.Market share dataStatements regarding market share  including those regarding Marel’s competitive position  are based on outside sources such as research institutes  industry and dealer panels in combination with management estimates. Where information is not yet available to Marel  those statements may also be based on estimates and projections prepared by outside sources or management. Rankings are based on sales unless otherwise stated.Attachments,neutral,0.06,0.93,0.0,mixed,0.6,0.15,0.24,True,English,"['Marel Q3', 'Revenues', 'EUR', 'EBIT', 'new 3-year USD 300 million senior loan', 'EUR 150m multi-currency bridge facility', '2-year uncommitted extension option', 'unfavorable working capital movements', 'continued supply chain disruption', 'average cash conversion ratio', 'global supply chain', 'new price level', 'new platform investment', 'Arni Oddur Thordarson', 'Strong customer deliveries', 'one stop shop', 'long-term banking partners', 'solid customer deliveries', 'PPA related costs', 'transformational infrastructure initiatives', 'cash flow model', 'gradual margin expansion', 'strong market position', 'trusted maintenance partner', '12-month trailing revenues', 'acquisition related expenses', 'Pro-forma LTM EBITDA', 'new world flow', 'Free cash flow', '2-3x net debt', 'Recurring aftermarket revenues', 'healthy order book', 'automation infrastructure investments', '14-16% EBIT target', 'new financing', 'capital structure', '3 Net debt', 'Solid growth', 'restructuring costs', '14-16% run', 'global operations', 'higher investments', 'disciplined investments', 'Net result', 'Net debt/EBITDA3', 'Net leverage', 'EBIT 2 margin', 'EBIT margin', 'EBIT 1 margin', 'Executive summary', 'higher volume', 'price/cost coverage', 'Full benefit', 'coming quarters', '5% workforce reduction', 'pioneering solutions', 'service network', 'Financial highlights', 'Basic earnings', 'operating activities', 'lower EBITDA', '2 Operating income', '5% headcount reduction', 'lease liabilities', 'recent weeks', 'record revenues', 'food processing', 'sustainable industry', 'portfolio management', 'competitive advantage', 'food processors', 'small butchers', 'blue-chip processors', 'leading retailers', 'Service revenues', 'total revenues', 'clear target', 'industry standard', 'lower end', 'targeted range', 'financial strength', 'pet food', 'plant-based proteins', 'aqua feed', 'operational headroom', 'operational performance', 'pricing actions', 'game-changing actions', 'EBIT performance', 'Annualized savings', 'unique sales', 'past years', 'team Marel', '2026 target', 'Icelandic', 'track', 'year-end', 'orders', 'pipeline', '3Q21', 'bill', 'share', 'EPS', 'interest', 'tax', 'Wenger', 'deleveraging', '9.05 cents', 'Notes', 'Sleegers', 'depreciation', 'amortization', 'Q3', 'CEO', 'unity', 'months', 'goal', 'enabler', 'digitalization', 'acquisitions', 'innovation', 'design', 'customers', 'choice', 'quarter-end', 'objective', 'acknowledgment', 'confidence', '10.', '1.27', '3.10', '2.0']",2022-11-02,2022-11-03,globenewswire.com
12517,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2022/11/02/2546872/0/en/CGG-Announces-its-Q3-2022-Results.html,CGG Announces its Q3 2022 Results,Soft Q3 as clients’ projects shifted to Q4 and 2023    2022 segment revenue expected to be around $900m  stable pro-forma year-on-year   2022 segment......,English FrenchSoft Q3 as clients’ projects shifted to Q4 and 20232022 segment revenue expected to be around $900m stable pro-forma year-on-year2022 segment EBITDAs expected to be around $380m  up 10% and up 15% pro-forma year-on-yearStrengthening market confirms favorable upcyclePARIS  France – November 2  2022 – CGG (ISIN: FR0013181864)  a global technology and high-performance computing (HPC) leader announced today its third quarter 2022 non-audited results.Commenting on these results  Sophie Zurquiyah  CGG CEO  said:“Throughout the year we continued to see our market environment strengthening globally  mainly driven by increased interest and activity offshore in the Western hemisphere and onshore in the Middle East and North Africa. While stronger market conditions have led to increased commercial activity  confirming the expected multi-year upcycle  near-term macro and geopolitical uncertainties resulted in increased volatility and clients’ projects shift. This particularly affected our Sensing and Monitoring business  which will see significant growth in 2023. However  our Data  Digital and Energy transition business remains solid with growth in line with increased E&P Capex. We anticipate a strong Q4 led by Earth Data sales. We remain focused on capturing the upcycle ahead of us and increasing our topline  with the objective of deleveraging our balance sheet. This growth will be supported by our clear technology differentiation  strong focus on our clients’ priorities  and the ongoing development of our Beyond the Core businesses.”Q3 2022: A soft quarter as clients’ projects shifted to Q4 and 2023IFRS figures: revenue at $255m  EBITDAs at $115m  OPINC at $28mSegment revenue at $ 2 17 m   down (20%) and down (16)% pro-forma* year-on-year.Geoscience at $69m  up 8% pro-forma* year-on-year mainly driven by Western hemisphere and high-end technology. The increasing level of year-to-date commercial bids worldwide by 26% and growth of year-to-date order intake by 37% pro-forma year-on-year are clear and positive signals of global market improvement. Earth Data at $62m  down (33)% year-on-year. Prefunding revenue at $19m was lower than expected due to the shift of some prefunding of North Sea projects from Q3 to Q4 and Brazil projects into 2023. After sales were at $43m  up 32% year-on-year Sensing and Monitoring at $86m  down (15)% year-on-year. In contrast to this  SMO level of commercial bids at the end of September was at the highest level since 2016  and several contracts and deliveries in the Middle East and North Africa shifted to 2023.at   down (20%) and down (16)% pro-forma* year-on-year.Segment EBITDAs at $ 7 7 m   a 35% margin and adjusted ** segment EBITDAs at $75mat a 35% margin and adjusted segment EBITDAs at $75m Segment o perating i ncome at $ 2 5 m   a 12% margin  and adjusted ** segment operating income at $24mat a 12% margin  and adjusted segment operating income at $24m Group n et loss at $ ( 2 ) m   a sign ificant improvement compared to a net loss of $(16)m last yearat compared to a net loss of $(16)m last year Net c ash - f low before M&A cash consideration at $ ( 6 2 ) mbefore M&A cash consideration at Net cash flow at $(78)m  including $(19)m net payment for the acquisition of ION software division and $(40)m negative change in working capital  mainly related to the SMO business.9 months 2022: Profitability improvementIFRS figures : revenue at $659m  EBITDAs at $290m  OPINC at $97m: revenue at $659m  EBITDAs at $290m  OPINC at $97m Segment revenue at $ 610 m   down (5)% and slightly up pro-forma* year-on-yearat   down (5)% and slightly up pro-forma* year-on-year Segment EBITDAs at $ 24 1 m   a 4 0 % margin   up 27% year-on-year  and adjusted** segment EBITDAs at $236mat   up 27% year-on-year  and adjusted** segment EBITDAs at $236m Segment o perating i ncome at $ 8 6 m   a 14% margin  significantly up from $9m a year ago  and adjusted** segment operating income at $82mat   a 14% margin  significantly up from $9m a year ago  and adjusted** segment operating income at $82m Group n et loss at $ ( 4 ) m   a significant improvement compared to a net loss of $(152)m last yearat to a net loss of $(152)m last year Net cash flow at $(65)mBalance Sheet at the end of SeptemberLiquidity of $ 325 m   including cash liquidity of $225m and $100m of undrawn RCFof including cash liquidity of $225m and $100m of undrawn RCF Net debt before IFRS 16 at $ 8 89 m as of September 30  2022at as of September 30  2022 Segment leverage ratio of Net debt to Adjusted** Segment EBITDAs was 2.5x at the end of September 2022  down from 2.9x at the end of December 2021Full Year 2022 financial guidance update:2022 CGG segment revenue expected to be around $900 million  stable pro-forma* year-on-year. DDE 2022 segment revenue expected to be up around 18% pro-forma* year-on-year SMO 2022 segment revenue expected to be down around 30% year-on-year and below guidance due to the shift of major clients’ projects to 2023 and the ban on exports to Russia ($50m impact). SMO inventories are expected to come down during H1 2023 on the back of higher equipment deliveries.2022 segment EBITDAs is expected to be around $380m  up 10% year-on-year and up 15% pro-forma* year-on-year  and segment EBITDAs margin is expected to increase to around 42% due to a favorable business mix.2022 EDA cash Capex is expected to be around $200m with prefunding at around 60-70% mainly due to the shift of some prefunding revenue for our programs offshore Brazil into 2023. 2022 Industrial and R&D Capex is expected to be around $60m  $10m lower than guidance.With these updated EBITDAs and Capex  2022 Free EBITDAs (EBITDAs - Capex) is expected to be around $120m  broadly in line with our original expectations based on financial objectives provided on March 3  2022.Strenghthening market confirms multi-year upcycle from 2023 onwards* Pro-forma indicators represent supplementary information adjusted for GeoSoftware and Physical Asset Storage and Services businesses sold in 2021.** Adjusted indicators represent supplementary information adjusted for non-recurring charges triggered by economic downturn.Key Figures - Third Quarter 2022Key Figures IFRSIn million $ 2021Q3 2022Q3 Variances % Operating revenues 210 255 21% Operating Income 21 28 35% Equity from Investment (0) 0 - Net cost of financial debt (27) (24) 9% Other financial income (loss) (0) (1) - Income taxes (7) (4) 45% Net Income / Loss from continuing operations (13) (1) 91% Net Income / Loss from discontinued operations (3) (0) - Group net income / (loss) (16) (2) 90% Operating Cash Flow 76 37 (51%) Net Cash Flow (34) (78) - Net debt 1 113 976 (12%) Net debt before lease liabilities 987 889 (10%) Capital employed 2 137 2 006 (6%)Key Figures – End of September 2022Key Figures IFRSIn million $ 20219 MONTHS 20229 MONTHS Variances % Operating revenues 591 659 11% Operating Income (0) 97 - Equity from Investment 0 (0) - Net cost of financial debt (94) (75) 21% Other financial income (loss) (42) 2 - Income taxes (17) (27) (54%) Net Income / Loss from continuing operations (154) (2) 99% Net Income / Loss from discontinued operations 2 (2) - Group net income / (loss) (152) (4) 97% Operating Cash Flow 235 243 3% Net Cash Flow (61) (65) (6%) Net debt 1 113 976 (12%) Net debt before lease liabilities 987 889 (10%) Capital employed 2 137 2 006 (6%)Key Segment Figures - Third Quarter 2022Key Segment FiguresIn million $ 2021Q3 2022Q3 Variances % Segment revenue 270 217 (20%) Segment EBITDAs 118 77 (35%) Group EBITDAs margin 44% 35% (8) bps Segment operating income 33 25 (23%) Opinc margin 12% 12% (1) bps IFRS 15 adjustment (13) 2 - IFRS operating income 21 28 35% Operating Cash Flow 76 37 (51%) Net Segment Cash Flow (34) (78) - Supplementary information Adjusted segment EBITDAs before NRC 119 75 (37%) EBITDAs margin 44% 35% (10) bps Adjusted segment operating income before NRC 35 24 (32%) Opinc margin 13% 11% (2) bpsKey Segment Figures – End of September 2022Key Segment Figures In million $ 20219 MONTHS 20229 MONTHS Variances % Segment revenue 640 610 (5%) Segment EBITDAs 190 241 27% Group EBITDAs margin 30% 40% 10 bps Segment operating income 9 86 - Opinc margin 1% 14% 13 bps IFRS 15 adjustment (9) 11 - IFRS operating income (0) 97 - Operating Cash Flow 235 243 3% Net Segment Cash Flow (61) (65) (6%) Supplementary information Adjusted segment EBITDAs before NRC 188 236 26% EBITDAs margin 29% 39% 9 bps Adjusted segment operating income before NRC 0 82 - Opinc margin 0% 13% 13 bpsKey figures bridge: Segment to IFRS - Third Quarter 2022P&L itemsIn million $ Segment figures IFRS 15 adjustment IFRS figures Total Revenue 217 38 255 OPINC 25 2 28 Cash Flow Statement itemsIn million $ Segment figures IFRS 15 adjustment IFRS figures EBITDAs 77 38 115 Change in Working Capital & Provisions (40) (38) (77) Cash Provided by Operations 37 - 37 Earth Data Data Library NBVIn million $ Segment figures IFRS 15 adjustment IFRS figures Opening Balance Sheet   Jul 1st 22 334 109 443 Closing Balance Sheet   Sep 30th 22 375 74 449Key figures bridge: Segment to IFRS – End of September 2022P&L itemsIn million $ Segment figures IFRS 15 adjustment IFRS figures Total Revenue 610 49 659 OPINC 86 11 97 Cash Flow Statement itemsIn million $ Segment figures IFRS 15 adjustment IFRS figures EBITDAs 241 49 290 Change in Working Capital & Provisions 9 (49) (40) Cash Provided by Operations 243 - 243 Earth Data Data Library NBVIn million $ Segment figures IFRS 15 adjustment IFRS figures Opening Balance Sheet   Jan 1st 22 283 109 392 Closing Balance Sheet   Sep 30th 22 375 74 449Third Quarter 2022 Segment Financial ResultsData  Digital & Energy Transition (DDE)Data  Digital & Energy Transition (DDE)In million $ 2021Q3 2022Q3 Variances % Segment revenue 168 131 (22%) Geoscience 77 69 (10%) Geoscience proforma 64 69 8% Earth Data 92 62 (33%) Prefunding 59 19 (68%) After-Sales 32 43 32% DDE proforma 156 131 (16%) Segment EBITDAs 106 64 (40%) EBITDAs Margin 63% 49% (14) bps Segment operating income 30 21 (31%) OPINC Margin 18% 16% (2) bps Equity from investments (0) 0 - Capital employed (in billion $) 1.7 1.5 (12%) Supplementary information Adjusted segment EBITDAs before NRC 108 66 (39%) EBITDAs Margin 64% 50% (14) bps Adjusted segment OPINC before NRC 32 23 (29%) OPINC Margin 19% 17% (2) bps Other Key Metrics Earth Data cash capex ($m) (57) (72) 26% Earth Data cash prefunding rate (%) 103% 26% (77) bpsDigital  Data and Energy Transition (DDE) segment revenue was $131 million  down (22%) and down (16)% pro-forma* year-on-year.Geoscience (GEO) revenue was $69 million  down 10% and up 8% pro-forma* year-on-year.Sequentially  Geoscience revenue was stable this quarter supported by strong activity in the Americas and demand for high-end technology. Geoscience commercial activity is increasing worldwide with high level of bid submissions  up 26% year-on-year  and order intake up 37% year-on-year  during the first 9 months of 2022.Earth Data (EDA) revenue was $62 million  down (33)% year-on-year.Earth Data cash capex was $(72) million this quarter  up 26% year-on-year. In Q3  we had two vessels acquiring data for our program in the Norwegian North Sea and one vessel offshore Brazil. Prefunding revenue of our Earth Data projects was low at $19 million as some prefunding for North Sea and Brazil multi-client programs shifted to Q4. Prefunding rate was low this quarter at 26%.Earth Data after-sales were $43 million this quarter  up 32% year-on-year sustained by sales in South America  Gulf of Mexico and the North Sea.The segment library Net Book Value was $375 million ($449 million after IFRS 15 adjustments) at the end of September 2022  split 94% offshore and 6% onshore.DDE segment EBITDAs was $64 million  a 49% margin  and DDE adjusted** segment EBITDAs was $66 million.DDE segment operating income was $21 million  a 16% margin  and DDE adjusted** segment operating income was $23 million.DDE capital employed decreased to $1.5 billion at the end of September 2022.Sensing & MonitoringSensing & MonitoringIn million $ 2021Q3 2022Q3 Variances % Segment revenue 101 86 (15%) Land 40 50 25% Marine 55 22 (60%) Downhole gauges 2 4 72% Beyond the Core 4 10 - Segment EBITDAs 17 18 7% EBITDAs margin 17% 21% 4 bps Segment operating income 9 11 19% OPINC Margin 9% 13% 4 bps Capital employed (in billion $) 0.6 0.6 11% Supplementary information Adjusted segment EBITDAs before NRC 17 15 (11%) EBITDAs margin 17% 17% 1 bps Adjusted segment OPINC before NRC 9 8 (16%) OPINC Margin 9% 9% (0) bpsSensing & Monitoring (SMO) segment revenue was $86 million  down (15)% year-on-year.Land equipment sales represented 58% of total sales  sustained by deliveries of wireless Wing channels and of over 100 000 508 XT channels to the Middle East and North Africa and Asiachannels to the Middle East and North Africa and Asia Marine equipment sales represented 26% of total sales driven by significant deliveries of GPR300 OBN nodes. SMO completed the acquisition of ION Geophysical Corporation’s (“ION”) software business.Downhole equipment sales were $4 million.Sales from Beyond the Core businesses were $10 million  significantly up year-on-year and included contribution from the newly acquired Geocomp businessSMO segment EBITDAs was $18 million  a 21% margin and SMO adjusted** segment EBITDAs was $15 million.SMO segment operating income was $11 million  a 13% margin and SMO adjusted** segment operating income was $8 million.SMO capital employed increased to $0.6 billion at the end of September 2022.Third Quarter 2022 Financial Results2022 Financial ResultsConsolidated Income StatementsIn million $ 2021Q3 2022Q3 Variances % Exchange rate euro/dollar 1.19 1.02 (14%) Segment revenue 270 217 (20%) DDE 168 131 (22%) DDE proforma 156 131 (16%) Sensing & Monitoring 101 86 (15%) Elim & Other (0) 0 - Proforma revenue for Group 257 217 (16%) Segment Gross Margin 64 54 (15%) Segment EBITDAs 118 77 (35%) DDE Adjusted** 107 66 (38%) Sensing & Monitoring Adjusted** 17 15 (11%) Corporate (5) (5) 6% Elim & Other (1) (1) (4%) Non recurring charges 0 2 - Segment operating income 33 25 (23%) DDE Adjusted** 30 23 (24%) Sensing & Monitoring Adjusted** 9 8 (16%) Corporate (5) (5) (11%) Elim & Other (2) (1) 50% Non recurring charges (3) 2 - IFRS 15 adjustment (13) 2 - IFRS operating income 21 28 35% Equity from investments (0) 0 - Net cost of financial debt (27) (24) 9% Other financial income (loss) (0) (1) - Income taxes (7) (4) 45% NRC (Tax & OFI) - - - Net income / (loss) from continuing operations (13) (1) 91% Net income / (loss) from discontinued operations (3) (0) 88% IFRS net income / (loss) (16) (2) 90% Shareholder's net income / (loss) (17) (1) 94% Basic Earnings per share in $ (0.02) - 94% Basic Earnings per share in € (0.02) - 94%Segment revenue was $217 million  down (20)% and down (16)% pro-forma* year-on-year. The respective contributions from the Group’s businesses were 32% from Geoscience  28% from Earth Data (60% for the DDE segment) and 40% from Sensing & Monitoring.Segment EBITDAs was $77 million  down (35)% year-on-year  a 35% margin due to the unfavorable business mix and adjusted** segment EBITDAs was $75 million.Segment operating income was $25 million  a 12% margin  and adjusted** segment operating income was $24 million.IFRS 15 adjustment at operating income level was $2 million and IFRS operating income  after IFRS 15 adjustment  was $28 million.Cost of financial debt was $(24) million. The total amount of interest paid during the quarter was $(1) million.Taxes were at $(4) million.Net income from continuing operations was $(1) million.Group Net Income this quarter was $(2) million.After minority interests  Group net income attributable to CGG shareholders was $ (2) million/ €(1) million.Third Quarter 2022 Cash FlowCash Flow itemsIn million $ 2021Q3 2022Q3 Variances % Segment Operating Cash Flow 76 37 (51%) CAPEX (73) (82) 13% Industrial (8) (6) (26%) R&D (7) (4) (41%) Earth Data (Cash) (57) (72) 26% Marine Offshore (57) (72) 27% Land Onshore - - - Proceeds from disposals of assets (1) (16) - Segment Free Cash Flow 2 (61) - Lease repayments (14) (11) 24% Paid Cost of debt - - - CGG 2021 Plan (7) (7) (9%) Free cash flow from discontinued operations (15) 1 - Net Cash flow (34) (78) - Financing cash flow (2) - - Forex and other (9) (14) (52%) Net increase/(decrease) in cash (45) (92) - Supplementary information Change in working capital and provisions  included in Segment Operating Cash Flow (49) (40) -Segment operating cash flow was $37m million  including $(40) million negative change in working capital & provisions mainly related to the SMO business.Total capex was $(82) million:Industrial capex was $(6) million was $(6) million  Research & Development capex was $(4) million was $(4) million  Earth Data cash capex was $(72) million.Segment free cash flow was $(61) million  including $(19) million for the acquisition of the ION software business.After $(11) million lease repayments  $(7) million CGG 2021 Plan cash costs and $1 million free cash flow from discontinued operations  the net cash flow was $(78) million.9 months 2022 Financial ResultsConsolidated Income StatementsIn million $ 20219 MONTHS 20229 MONTHS Variances % Exchange rate euro/dollar 1.20 1.07 (11%) Segment revenue 640 610 (5%) DDE 379 444 17% Proforma revenue for DDE 342 444 30% Sensing & Monitoring 262 165 (37%) Elim & Other (1) 0 - Proforma revenue for Group 603 609 1% Segment Gross Margin 83 170 - Segment EBITDAs 190 241 27% DDE Adjusted** 188 260 38% Sensing & Monitoring Adjusted** 24 (4) - Corporate (13) (16) (18%) Elim & Other (11) (3) 69% Non recurring charges 2 5 - Segment operating income 9 86 - DDE Adjusted** 28 129 - Sensing & Monitoring Adjusted** 0 (26) - Corporate (16) (18) (12%) Elim & Other (12) (4) 69% Non recurring charges 8 5 (44%) IFRS 15 adjustment (9) 11 - IFRS operating income (0) 97 - Equity from investments 0 (0) - Net cost of financial debt (94) (75) 21% Other financial income (loss) (42) 2 - Income taxes (17) (27) (54%) NRC (Tax & OFI) 0 0 - Net income / (loss) from continuing operations (154) (2) 99% Net income / (loss) from discontinued operations 2 (2) - IFRS net income / (loss) (152) (4) 97% Shareholder's net income / (loss) (154) (3) 98% Basic Earnings per share in $ (0.22) - 94% Basic Earnings per share in € (0.22) - 94%Segment revenue was $610 million  down (5)% and slightly up pro-forma* compared to the same period last year. The respective contributions from the Group’s businesses were 35% from Geoscience  38% from Earth Data (73% for the DDE segment) and 27% from SMO.DDE segment revenue was $444 million  up 17% and up 30% pro-forma* year-on-year.Geoscience revenue was $214 million  flat and up 19% pro-forma* year-on-year.Earth Data sales were $230 million  up 41% year-on-year. Prefunding revenue was $69 million  down (25)% year-on-year. Earth Data cash capex was $(180) million  up 37% year-on-year. Cash prefunding rate at the end of September was 38%.After-sales were $161 million  up 126% year-on-year.SMO segment revenue was $165 million  down (37)% year-on-year.Segment EBITDAs was $241 million  up 27% year-on-year  a 40% margin. DDE EBITDAs was $256 million  up 35% year-on-year  a high 58% margin  and Sensing & Monitoring EBITDA was $(1) million. Adjusted** segment EBITDAs was $236 million.Segment operating income was $86 million  a 15% margin  significantly up from $9m a year ago  and adjusted** segment operating income was $82 million  including net positive impact from EUR/USD exchange rate estimated at $12m compared to last year.IFRS 15 adjustment at operating income level was $11 million and IFRS operating income  after IFRS 15 adjustment  was $97 million.Cost of financial debt was $(75) million. The total amount of interest paid during the first nine months 2022 was $(47) million.Other financial items were $2 million.Taxes were at $(27) million.Net income from continuing operations was $(2) million.Group net loss was $(4) million.After minority interests  2022 Group net income attributable to CGG’s shareholders at the end of September 2022 was $(2) million / €(1) million.Cash FlowCash Flow itemsIn million $ 20219 MONTHS 20229 MONTHS Variances % Segment Operating Cash Flow 235 243 3% CAPEX (172) (210) 22% Industrial (17) (15) (15%) R&D (24) (15) (37%) Earth Data (Cash) (131) (180) 37% Marine Offshore (130) (179) 38% Land Onshore (1) (1) - Proceeds from disposals of assets (4) 1 - Segment Free Cash Flow 59 35 (42%) Lease repayments (44) (36) 18% Paid Cost of debt (37) (47) (28%) CGG 2021 Plan (26) (19) 26% Free cash flow from discontinued operations (14) 2 - Net Cash flow (61) (65) (6%) Financing cash flow (69) 2 - Forex and other (15) (31) - Net increase/(decrease) in cash (146) (94) 35% Supplementary information Change in working capital and provisions  included in Segment Operating Cash Flow 39 9-Segment operating cash flow was $243 million up 3%  including $9 million positive change in working capital & provisions.Capex was $(210) million  up 22% year-on-year:Industrial capex was $(15) million  down (15)% year-on-year Research & development capex was $(15) million  down (37)% year-on-year Earth Data cash capex was $(180) million  up 37% year-on-year.Segment free cash flow was $35 million  down (42)% year-on-year.After lease repayments of $(36) million  $(47) million of interest expenses  $(19) millon of CGG Plan 2021 and $2 million free cash flow from discontinued operations  Group net cash flow was $(65) million  compared to $(61) million for the first 9 months of 2021.Balance SheetGroup’s liquidity amounted to $325 million at the end of September 30  2022  including $225 million of cash liquidity and $100 million undrawn RCF.Group gross debt before IFRS 16 was $1 114 million and net debt was $889 million at the end of September 30  2022.Group gross debt after IFRS 16 was $1 201 million and net debt was $976 million at the end of September 30  2022.Segment leverage ratio of Net debt to Adjusted** Segment EBITDAs was 2.5x at the end of September 2022.* Pro-forma indicators represent supplementary information adjusted for GeoSoftware and Physical Asset Storage and Services businesses sold in 2021.** Adjusted indicators represent supplementary information adjusted for non-recurring charges triggered by economic downturn.Q3 2022 Conference callAn English language analysts conference call is scheduled today at 6.30 pm (CET)The press release and the presentation are available on our website www.cgg.com at 5:45 pm (CET)Please note that we have switched to a new service provider for conference calls.Participants should from now on register for the call here to receive a dial-in number and code or participate in the live webcast from here.A replay of the conference call will be made available the day after for a period of 12 months in audio format on the Company's website www.cgg.com.About CGGCGG (www.cgg.com) is a global technology and HPC leader that provides data  products  services and solutions in Earth science  data science  sensing and monitoring. Our unique portfolio supports our clients in efficiently and responsibly solving complex digital  energy transition  natural resource  environmental  and infrastructure challenges for a more sustainable future. CGG employs around 3 300 people worldwide and is listed on the Euronext Paris SA (ISIN: 0013181864).ContactsGroup Communications & Investor RelationsChristophe BarniniTel: + 33 1 64 47 38 11E-Mail: christophe.barnini@cgg.comCONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTSSEPTEMBER 30  2022Unaudited Interim Consolidated statement of operations – Year-To-DateNine months ended September 30  (In millions of US$  except per share data) 2022 2021 Restated Operating revenues 658.5 590.6 Other income from ordinary activities 0.5 0.5 Total income from ordinary activities 659.0 591.1 Cost of operations (477.8) (517.1) Gross profit 181.2 74.0 Research and development expenses - net (12.5) (15.5) Marketing and selling expenses (21.8) (22.3) General and administrative expenses (51.0) (46.2) Other revenues (expenses) - net 1.4 9.6 Operating income (loss) 97.3 (0.4) Cost of financial debt - gross (75.7) (95.2) Income provided by cash and cash equivalents 1.1 0.9 Cost of financial debt  net (74.6) (94.3) Other financial income (loss) 2.4 (42.1) Income (loss) before incomes taxes and share of income (loss) from companies accounted for under the equity method 25.1 (136.8) Income taxes (26.6) (17.4) Net income (loss) before share of income (loss) from companies accounted for under the equity method (1.5) (154.2) Net income (loss) from companies accounted for under the equity method (0.1) Net income (loss) from continuing operations (1.6) (154.2) Net income (loss) from discontinued operations (2.4) 2.1 Consolidated net income (loss) (4.0) (152.1) Attributable to : Owners of CGG S.A (2.8) (153.8) Non-controlling interests (1.2) 1.7 Net income (loss) per share Basic — (0.22) Diluted — (0.22) Net income (loss) from continuing operations per share Basic — (0.22) Diluted — (0.22) Net income (loss) from discontinued operations per share Basic — 0.00 Diluted — 0.00Unaudited Consolidated statement of financial position(In millions of US$) September 30  2022 December 31  2021 ASSETS Cash and cash equivalents 225.1 319.2 Trade accounts and notes receivable  net 283.6 350.7 Inventories and work-in-progress  net (a) 242.2 197.3 Income tax assets 61.8 68.7 Other current financial assets  net 0.1 1.7 Other current assets  net 83.6 105.1 Assets held for sale  net - - Total current assets 896.4 1 042.7 Deferred tax assets 15.4 19.6 Other non-current assets  net 24.0 17.8 Investments and other financial assets  net 2.8 - Investments in companies under the equity method 28.0 28.1 Property  plant and equipment  net 148.6 212.1 Intangible assets  net 566.9 520.7 Goodwill  net 1 100.0 1 083.6 Total non-current assets 1 885.7 1 881.9 TOTAL ASSETS 2 782.1 2 924.6 LIABILITIES AND EQUITY Financial debt – current portion 75.1 90.3 Trade accounts and notes payables 114.2 76.4 Accrued payroll costs 80.4 105.4 Income taxes payable 29.0 30.4 Advance billings to customers 24.8 27.1 Provisions — current portion 17.9 18.2 Other current financial liabilities 19.7 19.2 Other current liabilities 174.2 218.2 Liabilities directly associated with the assets classified as held for sale - - Total current liabilities 535.3 585.2 Deferred tax liabilities 21.6 14.1 Provisions — non-current portion 26.1 30.6 Financial debt – non-current portion 1 125.7 1 218.1 Other non-current financial liabilities 22.7 37.4 Other non-current liabilities 20.7 32.8 Total non-current liabilities 1 216.8 1 333.0 Common stock: 1 148 203 130 shares authorized and 712 357 225 shares with a €0.01 nominal value outstanding at September 30  2022 8.7 8.7 Additional paid-in capital 118.5 464.1 Retained earnings 917.2 570.0 Other Reserves 77.1 5.0 Treasury shares (20.1) (20.1) Cumulative income and expense recognized directly in equity (2.4) (0.8) Cumulative translation adjustment (106.1) (64.2) Equity attributable to owners of CGG S.A. 992.9 962.7 Non-controlling interests 37.1 43.7 Total equity 1 030.0 1 006.4 TOTAL LIABILITIES AND EQUITY 2 782.1 2 924.6Unaudited Consolidated statement of cash flowsNine months ended September 30  (In millions of US$) 2022 2021 OPERATING ACTIVITIES Consolidated net income (loss) (4.0) (152.1) Less: Net income (loss) from discontinued operations 2.4 (2.1) Net income (loss) from continuing operations (1.6) (154.2) Depreciation  amortization and impairment 65.2 76.9 Earth Data surveys impairment and amortization 136.9 77.5 Depreciation and amortization capitalized in Earth Data surveys (11.7) (12.9) Variance on provisions (0.8) (32.3) Share-based compensation expenses 2.3 (0.7) Net (gain) loss on disposal of fixed and financial assets (3.9) (0.3) Share of (income) loss in companies recognized under equity method 0.1 — Dividends received from investments in companies under the equity method — — Other non-cash items (2.4) 42.2 Net cash-flow including net cost of financial debt and income tax 184.1 (3.8) Less : Cost of financial debt 74.6 94.3 Less : Income tax expense (gain) 26.6 17.4 Net cash-flow excluding net cost of financial debt and income tax 285.3 107.9 Income tax paid (3.8) 1.2 Net cash-flow before changes in working capital 281.5 109.1 Changes in working capital (38.8) 126.1 - change in trade accounts and notes receivable 30.0 116.2 - change in inventories and work-in-progress (69.8) 12.9 - change in other current assets 5.1 (12.2) - change in trade accounts and notes payable 36.1 (6.1) - change in other current liabilities (40.2) 15.3 Net cash-flow from operating activities 242.7 235.2 INVESTING ACTIVITIES Total capital expenditures (tangible and intangible assets) net of variation of fixed assets suppliers  excluding Earth Data surveys) (29.6) (40.9) Investment in Earth Data surveys (179.9) (131.0) Proceeds from disposals of tangible and intangible assets 33.1 0.2 Proceeds from divestment of activities and sale of financial assets 4.8 (2.4) Acquisition of investments  net of cash and cash equivalents acquired (36.7) (1.9) Variation in loans granted — — Variation in subsidies for capital expenditures (0.1) — Variation in other non-current financial assets (6.7) (2.3) Net cash-flow used in investing activities (215.1) (178.3)Nine months ended September 30  (In millions of US$) 2022 2021 FINANCING ACTIVITIES Repayment of long-term debt — (1 227.5) Total issuance of long-term debt — 1 160.0 Lease repayments (36.6) (43.7) Change in short-term loans — (0.2) Financial expenses paid (46.9) (36.7) Loan granted 1.7 (1.7) Net proceeds from capital increase: 0.4 — from Owner of CGG 0.4 — — from non-controlling interests of integrated companies — — Dividends paid and share capital reimbursements: — to owners of CGG — — — to non-controlling interests of integrated companies (0.9) (3.6) Acquisition/disposal from treasury shares — — Net cash-flow provided by (used in) financing activities (82.2) (153.4) Effects of exchange rates on cash (23.1) (8.0) Impact of changes in consolidation scope — — Net cash flows incurred by discontinued operations (16.4) (41.2) Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents (94.1) (145.7) Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year 319.2 385.4 Cash and cash equivalents at end of period 225.1 239.7Attachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.48,0.14,0.38,True,English,"['Q3 2022 Results', 'CGG', 'Full Year 2022 financial guidance update', 'M&A cash consideration', 'third quarter 2022 non-audited results', 'E&P Capex', 'date order intake', 'stronger market conditions', 'year SMO 2022 segment revenue', 'segment operating income', 'Segment leverage ratio', 'Net c ash', 'Net cash flow', 'Energy transition business', 'major clients’ projects', 'date commercial bids', 'North Sea projects', 'DDE 2022 segment revenue', 'clear technology differentiation', 'Earth Data sales', 'global market improvement', 'RCF Net debt', 'clients’ projects shift', '2022 CGG segment revenue', 'year Segment EBITDAs', 'soft quarter', 'global technology', 'SMO business', 'cash liquidity', 'Strengthening market', 'market environment', 'Brazil projects', 'SMO level', 'SMO inventorie', 'clients’ priorities', 'net payment', 'North Africa', 'high-end technology', '2022 segment EBITDAs', 'net loss', 'English French', 'high-performance computing', 'HPC) leader', 'Sophie Zurquiyah', 'CGG CEO', 'Western hemisphere', 'Middle East', 'near-term macro', 'geopolitical uncertainties', 'balance sheet', 'strong focus', 'ongoing development', 'Core businesses', 'increasing level', 'positive signals', 'highest level', 'several contracts', 'software division', 'negative change', 'working capital', 'Profitability improvement', 'significant improvement', 'commercial activity', 'Monitoring business', 'favorable upcycle', 'multi-year upcycle', 'IFRS figures', 'Prefunding revenue', 'Soft Q3', 'Group n', 'significant growth', 'strong Q4', 'PARIS', 'France', 'November', 'interest', 'expected', 'increased', 'volatility', 'Sensing', 'Digital', 'line', 'objective', 'OPINC', 'Geoscience', 'contrast', 'September', 'deliveries', '35% margin', '12% margin', 'acquisition', '9 months', '4 0 % margin', '14% margin', 'December', 'ban', 'exports', 'Russia', 'impact']",2022-11-02,2022-11-03,globenewswire.com
12529,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/notice-extraordinary-general-meeting-savosolar-144500728.html,Notice to the Extraordinary General Meeting of Savosolar Plc,Savosolar Plc Company Release 3 November 2022 at 3.45 p.m. (CET) Notice to the Extraordinary General Meeting of Savosolar Plc Notice is given to the...,Savosolar OyjSavosolar PlcCompany Release 3 November 2022 at 3.45 p.m. (CET)Notice to the Extraordinary General Meeting of Savosolar PlcNotice is given to the shareholders of Savosolar Plc to the Extraordinary General Meeting to be held on Friday  25 November 2022 at 10:00 (EET) at Scandic Simonkenttä at the address Simonkatu 9  00100 Helsinki  Finland. The reception of persons who have registered for the meeting and the distribution of voting tickets will commence at 9:30 (EET).A. Matters on the agenda of the General MeetingAt the General Meeting  the following matters will be considered:1. Opening of the meeting2. Calling the meeting to order3. Election of persons to scrutinize the minutes and to supervise the counting of votes4. Recording the legality of the meeting5. Recording the attendance at the meeting and adoption of the list of votes6. Resolutions required for acquisition of all the shares in Meriaura LtdIn accordance with the company release published on 29 August 2022  Savosolar Plc (the ”Company”) plans to acquire all the shares in Meriaura Ltd through a share exchange where shares of the Company are used as consideration (the “Share Exchange”). Further information on the Share Exchange is available in the company releases published by the Company on 29 August 2022 and on 3 November 2022. In addition  the Board of Directors of the Company has obtained a fairness opinion from Access Partners Ltd in order to support decision making of the shareholders  which is presented as an appendix of the notice.In accordance with the company release of the Company published on 29 August 2022  after the transaction defined in the share exchange agreement  Savosolar Plc’s number of shares rises to approximately 792 997 410 shares and there are approximately 555 098 187 shares directed to Meriaura Ltd’s sole shareholder VG-Shipping Ltd in the transaction. These amounts have been calculated based on the assumption that the Company’s warrants 2-2021 (TO9) are used for subscription of shares in full. As this did not happen  Savosolar Plc’s number of shares after the transaction defined in the share exchange agreement will be 782 723 687 and there are 547 906 581 shares directed to VG-Shipping Ltd in the transaction. As a result of the change in the number of shares  the subscription price per share published on 29 August 2022 will increase from approximately EUR 0.05404 to approximately EUR 0.05475. The change does not affect the implied values of the companies used in the transaction or the exchange ratio previously published by the Company.Story continuesAs part of the share exchange agreement  VG-Shipping Ltd has given a EUR 1 000 000 guarantee for the subscription of shares not subscribed based on warrants 2-2021 (TO9) with the same subscription price as the shares subscribed based on the warrants. This will be carried out as a separate directed offering to VG-Shipping Ltd or parties nominated by it where maximum of 17 857 142 Company’s new shares are offered for subscription with subscription price of EUR 0 056 per share.As a precondition for execution of the Share Exchange  all subsections (a)-(c) of this Section 6 need to be approved. The subsections form a whole and the Board of Directors proposes that they are resolved with a single resolution.a) Authorizing the Board of Directors to decide on a directed share issue to Meriaura Ltd’s sole shareholder VG-Shipping LtdThe Board of Directors proposes that the Extraordinary General Meeting resolves to authorize the Board of Directors to decide on a directed share issue of Company’s new shares against consideration in deviation from the shareholders’ pre-emptive subscription right in accordance with the Limited Liability Companies Act. The directed share issue relates to the share exchange where the Company acquires all the shares in Meriaura Ltd. Meriaura Ltd in turn owns all the shares in Biolaite Ltd (name change to VG-EcoFuel Ltd pending). Therefore  there is a weighty financial reason for the Company to deviate from the shareholders’ pre-emptive subscription right in accordance with the Limited Liability Companies Act.The shares are offered for subscription to VG-Shipping Ltd. in accordance with the share exchange agreement between the Company and Meriaura Ltd’s sole shareholder VG-Shipping Ltd. The subscription price is paid by means of contribution in kind  which comprises all the shares in Meriaura Ltd.Based on the authorization  the Board of Directors may issue in the directed share issue a maximum of 547 906 581 new shares of the Company to VG-Shipping Ltd. The new shares to be issued represent approximately 70.0 per cent of the Company’s all shares after execution of the Share Exchange.The Board of Directors is authorized to resolve on final execution of the share issue as well as within the limits of the Limited Liability Companies Act on all other matters and conditions relating to issuance of shares as well as rights relating to shares.The authorization is proposed to be in force until 31 December 2022. The authorization does not cancel previous authorizations to resolve on the issuance of shares or the issuance of options and other special rights entitling to shares.b) Authorizing the Board of Directors to decide on issuance of shares  options and other special rightsThe Board of Directors proposes that the Extraordinary General Meeting resolves to authorize the Board of Directors to decide  in one or more transactions  on the issuance of shares and the issuance of options and other special rights entitling to shares referred to in Chapter 10 Section 1 of the Companies Act as follows:The number of shares to be issued based on the authorization may in total amount to a maximum of 295 000 000 shares  including the directed share issue of maximum of 17 857 142 new shares to be directed to VG-Shipping Ltd or parties nominated by it in relation to the subscription guarantee given by VG-Shipping Ltd for the Company’s warrants 2-2021 (TO9).The Board of Directors decides on all the terms and conditions of the issuances of shares and of options and other special rights entitling to shares. The issuance of shares and of options and other special rights entitling to shares may be carried out in deviation from the shareholders’ pre-emptive rights (directed issue)  if there is a weighty financial reason for the company.Shares may be conveyed either against payment or free of charge in the company’s share issues. A directed share issue may be a share issue without payment only if there is an especially weighty reason for the same both for the company and in regard to the interests of all shareholders in the company.The authorization is valid until 30 June 2024  and it replaces the authorization granted by the Extraordinary General Meeting on 1 October 2021.c) Execution of the Share ExchangeThe Board of Directors proposes to the General Meeting that the Share Exchange is accepted by the resolution of this General Meeting and the Board of Directors is authorized to take other necessary measures required for execution of the Share Exchange and to confirm execution after the necessary conditions precedent (inter alia approval of Nasdaq Stockholm AB) have been fulfilled.7. Amendment to the Articles of AssociationThe Board of Directors proposes to the Extraordinary General Meeting that the following amendments be made to the Company's Articles of Association:Section 2 of the Articles of Association (Line of business) is amended to read as follows:2 § Line of businessThe company's line of business is to conduct business related to maritime logistics as well as solar and other renewable energy. The company may have investment activities. The company can operate directly or through its subsidiaries or associated companies.The Board of Directors proposes that the decisions in accordance with this Section 7 be notified to be registered after the Company's Board of Directors has confirmed that the conditions for the execution of the Share Exchange have been met.8. Remuneration of the Board membersSavosolar Plc's Annual General Meeting decided on 26 April 2022 that the members of the Board of Directors be paid the following remuneration for the term that begun at the end of the Annual General Meeting and ends at the end of the next Annual General Meeting: EUR 21 600 for the Chair of the Board and EUR 10 800 for each of the other members of the Board. Approximately 40 per cent of the remuneration to be paid to the members of the Board of Directors will be paid by giving to the Board members company’s new shares based on the authorization granted to the Board of Directors and approximately 60 per cent in cash. Cash portion of the remuneration will be paid in 12 monthly instalments to the extent it exceeds the amount of tax withholding from the remuneration. The number of remuneration shares will be determined on the basis of the value of the company’s share in First North Growth Market Finland as follows: the volume weighted average price of the Savosolar Plc’s share within two (2) weeks following the publication of the half-year report for the period 1 January - 30 June 2022 will be used as the value of share. Members of the Board of Directors are not allowed to transfer the shares obtained as remuneration before their membership in the Board has ended.The Board of Directors proposes to the Extraordinary General Meeting that the Board remuneration decided by the Annual General Meeting on 26 April 2022 remain unchanged  however  in such a way that the Board members leaving the Board have the right to 7/12 of the Board remuneration decided and the newly elected Board members to 5/12 of the Board remuneration decided. Accordingly  the current Chair of the Board is entitled to 7/12 of the decided remuneration of the Chair of the Board and 5/12 of the remuneration of the other Board members  and the newly elected Chair of the Board is entitled to 5/12 of the remuneration of the Chair of the Board.9. The number of Board members and electing membersThe Board of Directors proposes to the Extraordinary General Meeting that six (6) members are elected to the Board.The Board of Directors proposes to the Extraordinary General Meeting that the composition of the Board be changed so that the Company's Board members Eero Auranne  Ari Virtanen and Eljas Repo continue as Board members and Kirsi Suopelto  Jussi Mälkiä and Ville Jussila are elected as new Board members. The Board of Directors proposes that the terms of office of Kirsi Suopelto  Jussi Mälkiä and Ville Jussila begin and the election is notified to be registered after the Company's Board of Directors has confirmed that the conditions for the execution of the Share Exchange have been met.The Board of Directors proposes that the end of the term of office of the current members of the Board of Directors  Feodor Aminoff and Mikael Lemström  as ordinary members of the Board of Directors  is conditional to the execution of the Share Exchange and that their term of office ends and the end is notified for registration after the Company's Board of Directors has confirmed that the conditions for the execution of the Share Exchange have been met.The proposed Board members have informed the Company that if they are elected  they intend to elect Kirsi Suopelto as Chair of the Board and Eero Auranne as Vice Chair of the Board.Consent to act as a Board member has been obtained from all persons proposed to the Board.10. Closing of the meetingB. Documents of the General MeetingThe aforementioned resolution proposals on the agenda of the General Meeting  this meeting notice and other documents mentioned in Chapter 5  Section 21 of the Limited Liability Companies Act are available on Savosolar Plc’s website at www.savosolar.com. The documents mentioned above are also available at the meeting. Minutes of the General Meeting are available on the above-mentioned website as from 9 December 2022 at the latest.C. Instructions for the participants1. Shareholder registered in the shareholders’ registerEach shareholder who is registered on Tuesday  15 November 2022 in the shareholders’ register of the company held by Euroclear Finland Ltd.  has the right to participate in the General Meeting. A shareholder  whose shares are registered on his/her/its personal Finnish book-entry account  is registered in the shareholders’ register of the company.A shareholder  who wants to participate in the General Meeting  shall register for the meeting no later than 22 November 2022 at 16:00  by which time the registration shall be received. The registration may take place:at Savosolar Plc’s website at www.savosolar.com ; by e-mail to address aulikki.hynonen@savosolar.com ; or by phone to number +358 10 271 0810 (Mon-Fri at 10.00 to 16:00).In connection with the registration a shareholder shall notify his/her/its name  personal identification number  address  phone number  email address and the name and the personal identification number of a possible assistant or proxy representative. The personal data given to Savosolar Plc is used only in connection with the General Meeting and the processing of related necessary registrations and for shareholder communication. Shareholder  his/her/its representative or proxy representative shall  when necessary  be able to prove his/her/its identity and/or right of representation.2. Nominee-registered sharesA holder of nominee-registered shares has the right to participate in the General Meeting by virtue of shares based on which he/she/it on the record date of the meeting  i.e. on 15 November 2022  would be entitled to be registered in the shareholders’ register of the company held by Euroclear Finland Ltd. The right to participate in the General Meeting requires  in addition  that the shareholder has on the basis of such shares been registered into the temporary shareholders’ register of the company held by Euroclear Finland Ltd. at the latest on 22 November 2022 by 10:00 (EET). As regards nominee- registered shares this constitutes a due registration for the General Meeting.A holder of nominee-registered shares is advised without delay to request necessary instructions regarding the registration in the temporary shareholder’s register of the company  the issuing of proxy documents and registration for the General Meeting from his/her/its custodian bank. The account management organization of the custodian bank has to register a holder of nominee-registered shares  who wants to participate in the General Meeting  into the temporary shareholders’ register of the company at the latest on the date and time mentioned above.3. Shares registered at Euroclear Sweden ABShareholder whose shares are registered in the securities system of Euroclear Sweden AB and who wants to participate in the General Meeting and use his/her/its voting right  shall be registered at the shareholder’s register held by Euroclear Sweden AB on 15 November 2022 at the latest.In order to be entitled to request for temporary registration in the shareholder’s register of Savosolar Plc held by Euroclear Finland Ltd.  a shareholder of nominee-registered shares shall request that his/her/its shares are temporarily registered under his/her/its own name in the shareholder’s register held by Euroclear Sweden AB and to ensure that the custodian bank will send the above-mentioned request for temporary registration to Euroclear Sweden AB. The registration shall be made on 15 November 2022 at the latest  and therefore a shareholder shall give the request to his/her/its custodian bank in good time prior to the above date.Shareholder  whose shares are registered in the securities system of Euroclear Sweden AB and who intends to participate in the General Meeting and use his/her/its voting right  shall request for a temporary registration of his/her shares to the shareholder’s register of Savosolar Plc held by Euroclear Finland Oy. The request to Savosolar Plc shall be made in written at the latest on 16 November 2022 at 10:00 Swedish time (CET). The temporary registration through Savosolar Plc constitutes a due registration to the General Meeting.4. Proxy representative and powers of attorneyA shareholder may participate in the General Meeting and exercise his/her/its rights at the meeting by way of proxy representation.A proxy representative shall produce a dated proxy document or otherwise provide reliable evidence of the right to represent the shareholder. The authorization applies to one meeting  unless otherwise stated. When a shareholder participates in the General Meeting by means of several proxy representatives representing the shareholder with shares at different securities accounts  the shares by which each proxy representative represents the shareholder shall be identified in connection with the registration for the General Meeting.Possible proxy documents should be delivered by e-mail to address aulikki.hynonen@savosolar.com the end of the registration period.5. Other instructions and informationPursuant to Chapter 5 Section 25 of the Finnish Companies Act  a shareholder who is present at the General Meeting has the right to request information with respect to the matters to be handled at the meeting.The language of the meeting is Finnish.On the date of the notice to the General Meeting  3 November 2022  the total number of shares in Savosolar Plc is 216 959 964. Each share carries one vote at General Meeting.In Helsinki  3 November 2022SAVOSOLAR PLCBoard of DirectorsAPPENDIX: Fairness Opinion issued by Access Partners LtdFor more information:Savosolar PlcManaging Director Jari VarjotiePhone: +358 400 419 734E-mail: jari.varjotie@savosolar.comAbout SavosolarSavosolar with its highly efficient collectors and large-scale solar thermal systems has taken solar thermal technology to the next level. The company’s collectors are equipped with the patented nano-coated direct flow absorbers  and with this leading technology  Savosolar helps its customers to produce competitive clean energy. Savosolar’s vision is to be the first-choice supplier to high performance solar installations on a global scale. Focus is on large-scale applications like district heating  industrial process heating and real estate systems – market segments with a big potential for rapid growth. The company primarily delivers complete systems from design to installation  using the best local partners. Savosolar is known as the most innovative company in the business and aims to stay as such. The company has sold and delivered its products to almost 20 countries on four continents. Savosolar’s shares are listed on Nasdaq First North Growth Market Sweden with the ticker SAVOS and on Nasdaq First North Growth Market Finland with the ticker SAVOH. www.savosolar.com .The company’s Certified Adviser is Augment Partners AB  info@augment.se   phone: +46 8 604 22 55.Attachment,neutral,0.31,0.67,0.03,mixed,0.19,0.22,0.59,True,English,"['Extraordinary General Meeting', 'Savosolar Plc', 'Notice', 'Limited Liability Companies Act', 'shareholders’ pre-emptive subscription right', 'weighty financial reason', 'Savosolar Plc Company Release', 'Access Partners Ltd', 'share exchange agreement', 'Extraordinary General Meeting', 'same subscription price', 'exchange ratio', 'Savosolar Oyj', 'share issue', 'Meriaura Ltd', 'VG-Shipping Ltd', 'Biolaite Ltd', 'VG-EcoFuel Ltd', 'Scandic Simonkenttä', 'voting tickets', 'A. Matters', 'following matters', 'Further information', 'fairness opinion', 'decision making', 'sole shareholder', 'EUR 1,000,000 guarantee', 'single resolution', '70.0 per cent', 'other matters', 'company releases', 'name change', 'final execution', 'new shares', '792,997,410 shares', '555,098,187 shares', '547,906,581 shares', 'CET', 'Notice', 'Friday', 'November', 'address', 'Simonkatu', 'Helsinki', 'Finland', 'reception', 'persons', 'distribution', 'agenda', 'Opening', 'Election', 'minutes', 'counting', 'votes', 'legality', 'attendance', 'adoption', 'list', 'Resolutions', 'acquisition', 'accordance', '29 August', 'consideration', 'addition', 'Board', 'Directors', 'order', 'appendix', 'transaction', 'number', 'amounts', 'assumption', 'warrants', 'result', 'implied', 'values', 'Story', 'separate', 'offering', 'parties', 'precondition', 'subsections', 'deviation', 'turn', 'means', 'contribution', 'kind', 'authorization', 'maximum', 'limits', 'conditions', 'issuance', 'rights', 'force', '31 December', '3.45', '10:00']",2022-11-03,2022-11-03,finance.yahoo.com
12530,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/aspos-board-directors-decided-payment-093000614.html,Aspo's Board of Directors decided on the payment of the second dividend installment,Aspo PlcStock exchange release November 2  2022 at 11:30 a.m.Aspo's Board of Directors decided on the payment of the second dividend installmentThe Board of ...,Aspo OyjAspo PlcStock exchange releaseNovember 2  2022 at 11:30 a.m.Aspo's Board of Directors decided on the payment of the second dividend installmentThe Board of Directors of Aspo Plc has decided on the payment of the second dividend installment of EUR 0.22 per share  based on the authorization of the Annual Shareholders' Meeting on April 6  2022. The dividend will be paid to shareholders who are registered in the shareholders' register maintained by Euroclear Finland Ltd on the record date November 4  2022. The dividend payment date will be November 11  2022. Following the dividend payment  Aspo will have distributed a total dividend of EUR 0.45 per share in 2022 according to the decision of the Annual Shareholders' Meeting.Aspo PlcRolf JanssonCEOFor further information  please contact:Arto Meitsalo  CFO of Aspo Plc  +358 40 5511 422  arto.meitsalo@.comDISTRIBUTION:Nasdaq HelsinkiKey mediawww.aspo.comAspo creates value by owning and developing business operations sustainably and in the long term. Our companies aim to be market leaders in their sectors. They are responsible for their own operations  customer relationships and the development of these aiming to be forerunners in sustainability. Aspo supports its businesses profitability and growth with the right capabilities. Aspo Group has businesses in 18 different countries  and it employs a total of approximately 930 professionals.,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.99,0.01,0.0,True,English,"['second dividend installment', 'Aspo', 'Board', 'Directors', 'payment', 'Stock exchange release', 'Euroclear Finland Ltd', 'Rolf Jansson CEO', 'second dividend installment', ""Annual Shareholders' Meeting"", ""shareholders' register"", 'total dividend', 'record date', 'Nasdaq Helsinki', 'Key media', 'long term', 'market leaders', 'customer relationships', 'right capabilities', '18 different countries', 'Aspo Oyj', 'Aspo Plc', 'Aspo Group', 'Arto Meitsalo', 'business operations', 'payment date', 'November', '11:30 a', 'Board', 'Directors', 'authorization', 'April', 'decision', 'information', 'CFO', 'DISTRIBUTION', 'value', 'companies', 'sectors', 'development', 'forerunners', 'sustainability', 'businesses', 'profitability', 'growth', '930 professionals']",2022-11-02,2022-11-03,finance.yahoo.com
12531,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/isofol-appoints-nomination-committee-ahead-144100538.html,Isofol appoints nomination committee ahead of the Annual General Meeting 2023,"Isofol Medical AB (publ)  (Nasdaq Stockholm: ISOFOL)  (""Isofol"" or the ""Company"")  announced today that the members of the nomination committee for the...","GOTHENBURG  Sweden  Nov. 3  2022 /PRNewswire/ -- Isofol Medical AB (publ)  (Nasdaq Stockholm: ISOFOL)  (""Isofol"" or the ""Company"")  announced today that the members of the nomination committee for the Annual General Meeting 2023 have been appointed in accordance with the principles for appointing nomination committees that were adopted at the Annual General Meeting on May 19  2022.According to the instructions for appointment of the nomination committee for Isofol Medical AB (publ)  the nomination committee shall consist of three members  representatives appointed by the three largest shareholders in the company in terms of the number of votes based on the share register or other reliable information provided by Euroclear Sweden AB as of September 30  2022. Another nomination committee member may be appointed by minority shareholders representing at least 10 percent of the votes. The chairman of the nomination committee shall consist of the largest shareholder in terms of votes at the time of the nomination committee's appearance  unless the nomination committee agrees otherwise  and may not consist of the chairman of the board or another board member. The chairman of the board shall not be part of the nomination committee  but is normally a co-opted member at its meetings.The nomination committee ahead of the AGM 2023 consists of the following members:Lars Lind   chairman of the nomination committee   appointed by Hans Enocsson representing approximately 2.82 percent of the shares and votes Malin Björkmo   appointed by Handelsbanken Fonder representing approximately 1.97 percent of the shares and votes  andJohan Möller  appointed by Bengt Halse representing about 1.31 percent of the shares and votesIn addition  representatives of minority owners representing approximately 12.51 percent of votes and shares have appointed Matsola Palm.The members of the nomination committee are appointed by owners who represent a total of about 18.61 percent of the total number of shares and votes in Isofol Medical AB (publ) according to the ownership conditions as of September 30  2022.Story continuesInformation about the nomination committee's work and the instructions to the nomination committee can be found on the company website under the section for Corporate Governance. The nomination committee's proposal will be presented in the summons to the annual general meeting 2023 and on the company's website  www.isofolmedical.com.Shareholders who wish to submit proposals to the nomination committee shall do this in writing by sending an e-mail to valberedningen@isofolmedical.com (heading: ""Isofol's nomination committee"") or by mail to the following address:Isofol Medical AB (publ)Att. ValberedningenArvid Wallgrens Backe 20413 46 GOTHENBURGSWEDENAny proposals must be received by the nomination committee no later than March 12  2023  to be included in the notice and agenda for the Annual General Meeting 2023.For more information  please contactJan Törnell  chairman of the boardE-mail: jan.tornell@innoext.seIsofol Medical AB (publ)Jarl Ulf Jungnelius  M.D.  CEOE-mail: jungnelius@isofolmedical.comTelephone: +46 709-16 89 55The information was submitted for publication  through the agency of the contact person set out above  at 15:15 CET  on November 3  2022.About Isofol Medical AB (publ)Isofol Medical AB (publ) is a clinical stage biotech company that is developing and improving current standards of care for people living with cancer by increasing the efficacy of the current chemotherapeutic standards of care. Isofol is focused on developing a first line treatment for metastatic colorectal cancer (mCRC) and seeks to elevate current clinical practice by unlocking the full strength of 5-FU with the addition of arfolitixorin. Isofol holds a worldwide exclusive licensing agreement with Merck & Cie  Schaffhausen  Germany to develop and commercialize arfolitixorin for use in oncology. Isofol Medical AB (publ) is traded on Nasdaq Stockholm.www.isofolmedical.comThe following files are available for download:CisionView original content:https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/isofol-appoints-nomination-committee-ahead-of-the-annual-general-meeting-2023-301667823.htmlSOURCE Isofol Medical AB (publ)",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.61,0.37,0.02,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'nomination committee', 'Isofol', 'worldwide exclusive licensing agreement', 'clinical stage biotech company', 'SOURCE Isofol Medical AB', 'current clinical practice', 'Annual General Meeting', 'Malin Björkmo', 'first line treatment', 'Johan Möller', 'Jan Törnell', 'current chemotherapeutic standards', 'Jarl Ulf Jungnelius', 'metastatic colorectal cancer', 'Euroclear Sweden AB', 'other reliable information', 'three largest shareholders', 'nomination committee member', 'current standards', 'jan.tornell', 'M.D.', 'Nasdaq Stockholm', 'nomination committees', 'three members', 'share register', 'minority shareholders', 'Lars Lind', 'Hans Enocsson', 'Handelsbanken Fonder', 'Bengt Halse', 'Matsola Palm', 'ownership conditions', 'Corporate Governance', 'following address', 'Arvid Wallgrens', 'contact person', 'full strength', 'following files', 'original content', 'following members', 'minority owners', 'Att. Valberedningen', 'company website', 'board member', 'total number', 'GOTHENBURG', 'publ', 'accordance', 'principles', 'May', 'instructions', 'appointment', 'representatives', 'terms', 'votes', 'September', '10 percent', 'chairman', 'time', 'appearance', 'part', 'meetings', 'AGM', '2.82 percent', 'shares', '1.97 percent', '1.31 percent', 'addition', '12.51 percent', '18.61 percent', 'Story', 'work', 'section', 'proposal', 'summons', 'writing', 'mail', 'March', 'notice', 'agenda', 'CEO', 'Telephone', 'agency', '15:15 CET', 'November', 'care', 'people', 'efficacy', 'mCRC', '5-FU', 'arfolitixorin', 'Merck', 'Cie', 'Schaffhausen', 'Germany', 'oncology', 'download', 'Cision', 'prnewswire', 'annual-general-meeting']",2022-11-03,2022-11-03,finance.yahoo.com
12532,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/notice-extraordinary-general-meeting-copperstone-163100653.html,Notice of Extraordinary General Meeting in Copperstone Resources AB (PUBL),Kiruna 3 November 2022 PRESS RELEASE The shareholders of Copperstone Resources AB (publ)  reg.no. 556704-4168 (“Copperstone” or the “Company”) are hereby...,Copperstone Resources ABKiruna 3 November 2022PRESS RELEASEThe shareholders of Copperstone Resources AB (publ)  reg.no. 556704-4168 (“Copperstone” or the “Company”) are hereby summoned to the extraordinary general meeting on 1 December 2022 at 2:00 p.m. at the offices of Hannes Snellman Attorneys  Hamngatan 15  111 47 Stockholm. The registration opens at 1:30 p.m.Notice of attendance etc.Shareholders who wish to participate in the extraordinary general meeting must be recorded in the share register held by Euroclear Sweden AB on 23 November 2022 and give notice of their participation by way of mail to the Company no later than on 28 November 2022 at 12:00 p.m. to Copperstone Resources AB (publ)  Fasadvägen 43  SE-981 41 Kiruna  Sweden  or by way of e-mail: info@copperstone.se  stating “Extraordinary general meeting”. Upon notice of attendance  the shareholder’s name  social security number or corporate registration number  address  telephone number  shareholding as well as information on advisors  if any (no more than two)  shall be stated.If participating by proxy  we are thankful if such proxy form is submitted already in connection with the notice of attendance. The proxy form may be no older than one year  however the proxy form may be older than one year if it is stated that it is valid for a longer period  however no more than five years. Proxy forms are provided shareholders upon request and are available at the Company and on the Company’s website  www.copperstone.se. A person representing a legal entity is requested to present a copy of a certificate of registration or equivalent documentation of authority evidencing authorised signatory.A person having had their shares nominee registered must  in order to have the right to participate in the extraordinary general meeting  have the nominee register the shares in own name  so that the relevant shareholder is registered in the share register held by Euroclear Sweden AB on 23 November 2022. Such registration may be temporary. The shareholder must therefore contact its nominee well before this date in accordance with the nominee’s routines and request voting rights registration. Voting rights registrations that have been made by the nominee no later than on 25 November 2022 will be taken into account in the presentation of the share register.Story continuesProposed agendaElection of chairman of the meeting. Preparation and approval of the voting list. Election of one or two persons to verify the minutes. Determination as to whether the extraordinary general meeting has been duly convened. Approval of the agenda. Resolution on the number of members of the board of directors. Election of new member of the board of directors. Determination of remuneration to new member of the board of directors. Resolution on (A) adaptation of the allotment principles for warrants under Incentive program 2022/2025:1 and (B) adaptation of the allotment principles for warrants under Incentive program 2022/2025:2. Resolution on adoption of Incentive program 2022/2026 by way of (A) issue of warrants to the subsidiary Copperstone Incentive AB and (B) approval of transfer of warrants to management and key personnel. Resolution on adjustment of terms and conditions for warrants under earlier incentive programs. Closing of the meeting.Nomination committeeThe nomination committee consists of Håkan Eriksson (appointed by JOHECO AB)  Thomas von Koch (appointed by TomEnterprise AB) and Håkan Roos (appointed by RoosGruppen AB).Proposals for decisionsItem 1: Election of chairman of the meetingThe nomination committee proposes that the chairman of the board  Jörgen Olsson  is elected chairman at the extraordinary general meeting on 1 December 2022.Item 6: Resolution regarding the number of members of the board of directorsProposal that the board of directors  for the period until the end of the next annual general meeting  shall consist of eight (8) members with no deputy board members  has been presented by Thomas von Koch who  through company holdings  is a Company shareholder.Item 7: Election of new member of the board of directorsProposal that Per Colleen  for the period until the end of the next annual general meeting  shall be elected as member of the board of directors  has been presented by Thomas von Koch who  through company holdings  is a Company shareholder. The other members of the nomination committee  Håkan Eriksson (appointed by JOHECO AB) and Håkan Roos (appointed by RoosGruppen AB) have no objections regarding this proposal.Per Colleen has substantial experience from the finance industry inter alia as previous share manager of AP4 (2013-2021)  SEB Investment Management (2011-2013) and DnBNor (2008-2011). Today  Per Colleen works as CEO of TomEnterprise AB  TomEqt AB and Kinkon AB.Item 8: Determination of remuneration to new member of the board of directorsAs a consequence of the proposal regarding election of a new member of the board of directors  the nomination committee proposes that  for the period until the end of the next annual general meeting  remuneration of in total SEK 200 000 shall be paid on an annual basis to the new board member from 1 December 2022.Item 9: Resolution on (A) adaptation of the allotment principles for warrants under Incentive program 2022/2025:1 and (B) adaptation of the allotment principles for warrants under Incentive program 2022/2025:2As previously communicated by way of press release  Copperstone has given the new CEO Henrik Ager an opportunity to acquire 10 000 000 warrants on market terms  as part of the remuneration package agreed between the Company and Henrik Ager. In order to adapt the existing incentive programs’ frameworks and allotment principles to the agreed transfer to Henrik Ager  an amendment is proposed to the earlier resolution from the general meeting regarding resale of warrants under Incentive program 2022/2025:1  according to resolution item (A) below  as well as a corresponding amendment to the allotment principles regarding warrants under Incentive program 2022/2025:2  according to resolution item (B) below. The proposal does not entail an issue of new warrants and consequently no change of dilutive effect  in relation to what was stated in the resolution of the annual general meeting on 18 May 2022. The resolution items (A) and (B) are mutually conditioned by each other and are resolved upon one resolution.(A) Resolution on adaptation of the allotment principles for warrants under Incentive program 2022/2025:1On the annual general meeting on 18 May 2022  the Company resolved to issue 12 000 000 warrants within the framework of Incentive program 2022/2025:1. All warrants have initially been subscribed by the subsidiary Copperstone Incentive AB (the “Subsidiary”)  before intended allotment to selected management and key personnel in the Company. Pursuant to the annual general meeting’s resolution  the Subsidiary shall transfer no more than 2 500 000 warrants to the CEO.In order to adapt the program’s allotment principles to the agreed transfer of 10 000 000 warrants to the new CEO Henrik Ager  it is proposed that the extraordinary general meeting approves an amendment of the above-mentioned distribution  in such manner that the number of warrants that may be transferred by the Subsidiary to the CEO is adjusted to 5 631 130 warrants. For the same purpose  it is proposed that the CEO who has received allotment in Incentive program 2022/2025:1 is enabled to also receive allotment in Incentive program 2022/2025:2 (and vice versa  please refer to the below).The above-mentioned resale to Henrik Ager entails that there are additional 1 228 870 warrants remaining for potential allotment in this incentive program. The remaining warrants will be cancelled.(B) – Resolution on adaptation of the allotment principles for warrants under Incentive program 2022/2025:2On the annual general meeting on 18 May 2022  the Company resolved to issue 15 000 000 warrants within the framework of Incentive program 2022/2025:2. All warrants have initially been subscribed by the Subsidiary  before intended allotment to board members of the Company. Pursuant to the annual general meeting’s resolution  the Subsidiary shall transfer inter alia no more than 2 000 000 warrants to the board members.In order to adapt the program’s allotment principles to the agreed transfer of 10 000 000 warrants to the new CEO Henrik Ager  it is proposed that the extraordinary general meeting approves an amendment of the above-mentioned distribution as follows. The warrants held by the Subsidiary within the framework of Incentive program 2022/2025:2 shall be possible to transfer also to the CEO  whereby the number of warrants that may be transferred to the CEO shall be 4 368 870 warrants. These warrants have thus not been previously allotted to board members. For the same purpose  it is proposed that the CEO  who has received allotment in Incentive program 2022/2025:2 is enabled to also receive allotment in Incentive program 2022/2025:1 (and vice versa  please refer to the above).The above-mentioned resale entails that there are no additional warrants remaining for potential allotment in this incentive program.Item 10: Resolution on adoption of Incentive program 2022/2026 by way of (A) issue of warrants to the subsidiary Copperstone Incentive AB and (B) approval of transfer of warrants to management and key personnelFollowing allotment of warrants to the CEO in accordance with item 9 above  together with other allotments after the annual general meeting’s resolution on 18 May 2022  1 228 870 warrants remain in Incentive program 2022/2025:1  which lapse on 18 December 2025. The board of directors intends to propose a new incentive program for management and key personnel ahead of the annual general meeting 2023 but deems it important to already before the annual general meeting 2023 be able to facilitate important recruitment of new staff and  for this purpose  have more warrants with appropriate maturity available than the aforementioned number. For this reason  the board wishes to create space for further allotments corresponding to in total 3 700 000 warrants  which increase and replace ongoing incentive programs. As the Company intends to cancel the above-mentioned remaining 1 228 870 warrants  this will thus correspond to a net increase of approximately 2 470 000 warrants  which entails a dilution of not more than 0.2 percent.Thus  the board of directors of Copperstone proposes that the general meeting resolves to adopt a new incentive program for management and key personnel in the Company. This new incentive program will thus increase and partly replace the remaining warrants in Incentive program 2022/2025:1  which will be cancelled. The new incentive program is proposed to be adopted by way of an issue of warrants to the Subsidiary in accordance with resolution item (A) below  as well as transfer to selected management and key personnel in accordance with resolution item (B). Resolution items (A) and (B) are mutually conditioned by each other and are resolved upon one resolution.The board of directors assesses it as urgent and in the interest of all shareholders that management and key personnel have a long-term interest of a good value development of the Company’s share. A personal and long-term ownership commitment may be expected to contribute to an increased interest of the Company’s operations and results  as well as to increase the motivation for the participants’ and affinity with the Company and its shareholders.(A) – Issue of warrants to the subsidiary Copperstone Incentive ABThe board of directors proposes that a directed issue of warrants is carried out  by way of issuance of no more than 3 700 000 warrants of series 2022/2026. The subscription right to the warrants shall  with deviation from the shareholders’ preferential rights  only accrue to the Subsidiary. The intention is that the warrants shall be transferred to management and key personnel in the Company afterwards  in accordance with what is stated in resolution item (B). The reason why the issue is proposed to deviate from the shareholders’ preferential right is thus to create incentives for management and key personnel to at all times work for the Company’s positive development  since these hold management roles or key roles in the Company and accordingly constitute an important part of the Company’s continued operations. The warrants are issued without consideration. Each warrant shall entitle to subscription right of one (1) share in the Company  to a subscription price per share corresponding to the current share price in connection with the extraordinary general meeting  as will be seen further in the board of directors’ complete proposal  multiplied with 1.5. Subscription of shares by exercising the warrants shall  in accordance with the terms and conditions for the warrants  be enabled until and including 29 May 2026. In the event that all warrants are exercised for subscription of shares  the Company’s registered share capital will be increased with SEK 370 000. The terms and conditions  including customary provisions of recalculation with regard to certain events related to the Company etc.  which will be set forth in the board of directors’ complete proposal  shall be applied regarding the warrants.(B) - Approval of transfer of warrants to management and key personnel in the CompanyFurthermore  the board of directors proposes that the general meeting resolves to approve that the Subsidiary shall transfer no more than in total 3 700 000 warrants to management or key personnel (or wholly owned companies by these persons) in the Company  with the distribution stated below.Position / Categories Number of warrants Management and other key personnel  including consultants on a permanent basis Maximum 1 000 000 warrants per person Newly employed management and key personnel Maximum 500 000 warrants per personThe warrants shall be transferred on market-based terms to a price determined on the basis of the calculated market value for the warrants at the time for transfer  by an application of Black & Scholes valuation model (option premium). The calculation of the option premium to management shall be made or controlled by an independent valuation expert or shall be made on the basis of the expert’s valuation. Furthermore  a so-called offer of first refusal-agreement shall be entered into  according to which the warrant holder shall be obliged to offer the Company to acquire the warrants  or a certain part of these  under certain conditions.DilutionBased on the current number of shares in the Company  and with the assumption that all warrants will be exercised for subscription of shares and that 1 228 870 warrants from Incentive program 2022/2025:1 will be cancelled  the dilution as a consequence of the proposed incentive program will not exceed 0.2 percent of the shares and votes in the Company (not included the Company’s current incentive programs).Costs for the incentive program and impact on important key figuresThe incentive program 2022/2026 has been prepared in consultation with external advisors and the total costs for this advice is not expected to amount to noteworthy amounts. In addition to the costs for advisors  the board of directors assesses that the incentive program will cause some administrative costs in connection to subscription of shares by exercising of the warrants and registration with the Swedish Companies Registration Office. Furthermore  the Company may link salary-based bonuses to allotments in order to facilitate participation in the program  bonus costs of which in that case will fall within the Company’s ordinary personnel costs.The stated dilutive effect above refers to  in relation to the Company’s key figures  the dilution of the number of shares  and affects relevant key figures definitely if the Company’s value has risen to the degree that exercise is carried out during the maturity period. In such a case  the dilution should be counteracted by the fact that the Company  in the event of full exercise  would (based on the current share price) be added an amount of SEK 6 900 000.Earlier incentive programs in the CompanyThe Company currently has some ongoing share-related incentive programs which include management  and some ongoing share-related incentive programs which include board members. All of the Company’s warrant programs are presented on the Company’s website and will be described in the board of directors’ complete proposal. In the event that the incentive program would be fully implemented within the now intended framework in accordance with the board of directors’ proposal above  the total numerical dilutive effect together with the existing warrant programs as per today will not exceed 5 percent. After the resale of warrants under ongoing Incentive program 2022/2025:1 to the new CEO Henrik Ager  1 228 870 warrants will remain in this incentive program. These 1 228 870 warrants will then be cancelled  which entails that the dilution following the proposed incentive program is mitigated.Majority requirementsResolution to adopt incentive programs according to the above stated  is covered by the rules for the board of directors and management in Chapter 16 of the Swedish Companies Act (2005:551)  which  for a valid resolution  requires that the proposal under this item is supported by shareholders representing no less than nine tenths (9/10) of both the votes cast as well as of the shares represented at the general meeting.Item 11: Resolution on adjustment of terms and conditions for warrants under earlier incentive programsCopperstone has  on the annual general meeting on 20 May 2020  resolved to issue 16 250 000 warrants within the framework of Incentive program 2020/2023  of which the warrant terms and conditions subsequently was partly amended and converted to Incentive program 2020/2023bis  on the annual general meeting on 19 May 2021 resolved to issue 10 000 000 warrants within the framework of Incentive program 2021/2024:1 and to issue 15 000 000 warrants within the framework of Incentive program 2021/2024:2  and on the annual general meeting on 18 May 2022 resolved to issue 12 000 000 warrants within the framework of Incentive program 2022/2025:1 and 15 000 000 warrants within the framework of Incentive program 2022/2025:2. All warrants have initially been subscribed by the Subsidiary before intended allotment and resale to selected management and key personnel or board members.All warrants under the above-mentioned incentive programs are governed by identical warrant terms and conditions  apart from some certain program specific details. For the purpose of facilitating so-called partial exercise of warrants under the Company’s ongoing incentive programs  i.e. that an option holder may exercise warrants for subscription of shares at more than one occasion and to a lower number than maximum  the Company’s board of directors proposes  with reference to item 10 in the warrant terms and conditions respectively  that the warrant terms and conditions regarding the warrants in the above-mentioned incentive programs for practical reasons are amended  in the manner that it facilitates for the option holder to subscribe for shares that the warrants are entitling to at multiple different subscription occasions. This change of terms and conditions is assessed to be appropriate and to all option holders’ benefit.For a valid resolution according to this item  it is required that the proposal is supported by shareholders representing no less than nine tenths (9/10) of both the votes cast as well as of the shares represented at the general meeting.Right to informationThe board of directors and the CEO shall  if any shareholder requests it and the board of directors believes that it may take place without significant harm to the Company  provide information at the extraordinary general meeting regarding any circumstances which may affect the assessment of a matter on the agenda  and any circumstances which may affect the assessment of the Company’s or a subsidiary’s financial position as well as the Company’s relationship to another group company.DocumentsComplete resolution proposals pursuant to the above  including relevant statements  will be presented on the Company’s website  www.copperstone.se  and be kept available at Copperstone Resources AB (publ)  Fasadvägen 43  SE-981 41 Kiruna  no later than three weeks before the extraordinary general meeting and be sent to shareholders who so wishes and state their postal address.Shares and votesThe Company may issue shares of one class. In total  there are 1 330 093 009 shares and votes in the Company. Each share in the Company carries one vote at the extraordinary general meeting. The Company does not hold any own shares._____________________Kiruna in November 2022Copperstone Resources AB (publ)The board of directorsFor more information  please contactChairman of the board Jörgen Olsson on +46 (0) 703 - 420 570E-mail: jorgen.olsson@copperstone.seinfo@copperstone.se or www.copperstone.seAbout CopperstoneCopperstone Resources AB is a company now scaling up to become a modern and responsibly producing mining company through the reopening of the Viscaria mine in Kiruna  Sweden. The deposit’s high copper grade assessed mineral resources  geographical location and growing team of experts provides good opportunities to become a key supplier of quality and responsibly produced copper – a metal that plays a critical role in Sweden’s and Europe’s climate change towards an electrified society. In addition to the Viscaria mine  Copperstone holds a number of other exploitation concessions and exploration permits in Arvidsjaur (Eva  Svartliden  Granliden) and Smedjebacken (Tvistbogruvan)  all in Sweden. The parent company’s shares are traded on the Nasdaq First North Growth Market (ticker COPP B). Augment Partners is the company’s Certified Adviser  info@augment.se  +46 8 604 22 55.Attachment,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,positive,0.81,0.14,0.05,True,English,"['Extraordinary General Meeting', 'Copperstone Resources AB', 'Notice', 'PUBL', 'next annual general meeting', 'subsidiary Copperstone Incentive AB', 'Hannes Snellman Attorneys', 'Håkan Eriksson', 'Thomas von Koch', 'Håkan Roos', 'Jörgen Olsson', 'extraordinary general meeting', 'Voting rights registrations', 'earlier incentive programs', 'Copperstone Resources AB', 'previous share manager', 'social security number', 'SEB Investment Management', 'corporate registration number', 'Euroclear Sweden AB', 'deputy board members', 'voting list', 'JOHECO AB', 'TomEnterprise AB', 'RoosGruppen AB', 'TomEqt AB', 'Kinkon AB', 'share register', 'PRESS RELEASE', 'Fasadvägen', 'telephone number', 'five years', 'legal entity', 'equivalent documentation', 'authorised signatory', 'Such registration', 'two persons', 'allotment principles', 'key personnel', 'Nomination committee', 'Per Colleen', 'substantial experience', 'finance industry', 'new member', 'proxy form', 'eight (8) members', 'other members', 'one year', 'relevant shareholder', 'company holdings', 'longer period', 'Company shareholder', 'shares nominee', 'Kiruna', 'shareholders', '1 December', 'offices', 'Hamngatan', '47 Stockholm', 'Notice', 'attendance', '23 November', 'participation', 'way', 'mail', '28 November', 'publ', 'name', 'address', 'shareholding', 'information', 'advisors', 'connection', 'request', 'website', 'copy', 'certificate', 'authority', 'order', 'date', 'accordance', 'routines', '25 November', 'account', 'presentation', 'Story', 'agenda', 'Election', 'chairman', 'Preparation', 'approval', 'minutes', 'Determination', 'Resolution', 'directors', 'remuneration', 'adaptation', 'warrants', 'adoption', 'transfer', 'adjustment', 'terms', 'conditions', 'Closing', 'Proposals', 'decisions', 'Item', 'objections', 'AP4', 'DnBNor', 'CEO', 'consequence', '2:00']",2022-11-03,2022-11-03,finance.yahoo.com
12533,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2022/11/02/2546223/0/en/Aspo-s-Board-of-Directors-decided-on-the-payment-of-the-second-dividend-installment.html,Aspo's Board of Directors decided on the payment of the second dividend installment,Aspo PlcStock exchange release November 2  2022 at 11:30 a.m.Aspo's Board of Directors decided on the payment of the second dividend installmentThe Board of Directors of Aspo Plc has decided on the payment of the second dividend installment of EUR 0.22 per sh…,English FinnishAspo PlcStock exchange releaseNovember 2  2022 at 11:30 a.m.Aspo's Board of Directors decided on the payment of the second dividend installmentThe Board of Directors of Aspo Plc has decided on the payment of the second dividend installment of EUR 0.22 per share  based on the authorization of the Annual Shareholders' Meeting on April 6  2022. The dividend will be paid to shareholders who are registered in the shareholders' register maintained by Euroclear Finland Ltd on the record date November 4  2022. The dividend payment date will be November 11  2022. Following the dividend payment  Aspo will have distributed a total dividend of EUR 0.45 per share in 2022 according to the decision of the Annual Shareholders' Meeting.Aspo PlcRolf JanssonCEOFor further information  please contact:Arto Meitsalo  CFO of Aspo Plc  +358 40 5511 422  arto.meitsalo@.comDISTRIBUTION:Nasdaq HelsinkiKey mediawww.aspo.comAspo creates value by owning and developing business operations sustainably and in the long term. Our companies aim to be market leaders in their sectors. They are responsible for their own operations  customer relationships and the development of these aiming to be forerunners in sustainability. Aspo supports its businesses profitability and growth with the right capabilities. Aspo Group has businesses in 18 different countries  and it employs a total of approximately 930 professionals.,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.99,0.01,0.0,True,English,"['second dividend installment', 'Aspo', 'Board', 'Directors', 'payment', 'Stock exchange release', 'Euroclear Finland Ltd', 'Rolf Jansson CEO', 'second dividend installment', ""Annual Shareholders' Meeting"", ""shareholders' register"", 'total dividend', 'English Finnish', 'record date', 'Nasdaq Helsinki', 'Key media', 'long term', 'market leaders', 'customer relationships', 'right capabilities', '18 different countries', 'Aspo Plc', 'Arto Meitsalo', 'business operations', 'Aspo Group', 'payment date', 'November', '11:30 a', 'Board', 'Directors', 'authorization', 'April', 'decision', 'information', 'CFO', 'DISTRIBUTION', 'value', 'companies', 'sectors', 'development', 'forerunners', 'sustainability', 'businesses', 'profitability', 'growth', '930 professionals']",2022-11-02,2022-11-03,globenewswire.com
12534,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2022/11/03/2547984/0/en/Notice-to-the-Extraordinary-General-Meeting-of-Savosolar-Plc.html,Notice to the Extraordinary General Meeting of Savosolar Plc,Savosolar Plc Company Release                            3 November 2022 at 3.45 p.m. (CET)   Notice to the Extraordinary General Meeting of Savosolar Plc...,English FinnishSavosolar PlcCompany Release 3 November 2022 at 3.45 p.m. (CET)Notice to the Extraordinary General Meeting of Savosolar PlcNotice is given to the shareholders of Savosolar Plc to the Extraordinary General Meeting to be held on Friday  25 November 2022 at 10:00 (EET) at Scandic Simonkenttä at the address Simonkatu 9  00100 Helsinki  Finland. The reception of persons who have registered for the meeting and the distribution of voting tickets will commence at 9:30 (EET).A. Matters on the agenda of the General MeetingAt the General Meeting  the following matters will be considered:1. Opening of the meeting2. Calling the meeting to order3. Election of persons to scrutinize the minutes and to supervise the counting of votes4. Recording the legality of the meeting5. Recording the attendance at the meeting and adoption of the list of votes6. Resolutions required for acquisition of all the shares in Meriaura LtdIn accordance with the company release published on 29 August 2022  Savosolar Plc (the ”Company”) plans to acquire all the shares in Meriaura Ltd through a share exchange where shares of the Company are used as consideration (the “Share Exchange”). Further information on the Share Exchange is available in the company releases published by the Company on 29 August 2022 and on 3 November 2022. In addition  the Board of Directors of the Company has obtained a fairness opinion from Access Partners Ltd in order to support decision making of the shareholders  which is presented as an appendix of the notice.In accordance with the company release of the Company published on 29 August 2022  after the transaction defined in the share exchange agreement  Savosolar Plc’s number of shares rises to approximately 792 997 410 shares and there are approximately 555 098 187 shares directed to Meriaura Ltd’s sole shareholder VG-Shipping Ltd in the transaction. These amounts have been calculated based on the assumption that the Company’s warrants 2-2021 (TO9) are used for subscription of shares in full. As this did not happen  Savosolar Plc’s number of shares after the transaction defined in the share exchange agreement will be 782 723 687 and there are 547 906 581 shares directed to VG-Shipping Ltd in the transaction. As a result of the change in the number of shares  the subscription price per share published on 29 August 2022 will increase from approximately EUR 0.05404 to approximately EUR 0.05475. The change does not affect the implied values of the companies used in the transaction or the exchange ratio previously published by the Company.As part of the share exchange agreement  VG-Shipping Ltd has given a EUR 1 000 000 guarantee for the subscription of shares not subscribed based on warrants 2-2021 (TO9) with the same subscription price as the shares subscribed based on the warrants. This will be carried out as a separate directed offering to VG-Shipping Ltd or parties nominated by it where maximum of 17 857 142 Company’s new shares are offered for subscription with subscription price of EUR 0 056 per share.As a precondition for execution of the Share Exchange  all subsections (a)-(c) of this Section 6 need to be approved. The subsections form a whole and the Board of Directors proposes that they are resolved with a single resolution.a) Authorizing the Board of Directors to decide on a directed share issue to Meriaura Ltd’s sole shareholder VG-Shipping LtdThe Board of Directors proposes that the Extraordinary General Meeting resolves to authorize the Board of Directors to decide on a directed share issue of Company’s new shares against consideration in deviation from the shareholders’ pre-emptive subscription right in accordance with the Limited Liability Companies Act. The directed share issue relates to the share exchange where the Company acquires all the shares in Meriaura Ltd. Meriaura Ltd in turn owns all the shares in Biolaite Ltd (name change to VG-EcoFuel Ltd pending). Therefore  there is a weighty financial reason for the Company to deviate from the shareholders’ pre-emptive subscription right in accordance with the Limited Liability Companies Act.The shares are offered for subscription to VG-Shipping Ltd. in accordance with the share exchange agreement between the Company and Meriaura Ltd’s sole shareholder VG-Shipping Ltd. The subscription price is paid by means of contribution in kind  which comprises all the shares in Meriaura Ltd.Based on the authorization  the Board of Directors may issue in the directed share issue a maximum of 547 906 581 new shares of the Company to VG-Shipping Ltd. The new shares to be issued represent approximately 70.0 per cent of the Company’s all shares after execution of the Share Exchange.The Board of Directors is authorized to resolve on final execution of the share issue as well as within the limits of the Limited Liability Companies Act on all other matters and conditions relating to issuance of shares as well as rights relating to shares.The authorization is proposed to be in force until 31 December 2022. The authorization does not cancel previous authorizations to resolve on the issuance of shares or the issuance of options and other special rights entitling to shares.b) Authorizing the Board of Directors to decide on issuance of shares  options and other special rightsThe Board of Directors proposes that the Extraordinary General Meeting resolves to authorize the Board of Directors to decide  in one or more transactions  on the issuance of shares and the issuance of options and other special rights entitling to shares referred to in Chapter 10 Section 1 of the Companies Act as follows:The number of shares to be issued based on the authorization may in total amount to a maximum of 295 000 000 shares  including the directed share issue of maximum of 17 857 142 new shares to be directed to VG-Shipping Ltd or parties nominated by it in relation to the subscription guarantee given by VG-Shipping Ltd for the Company’s warrants 2-2021 (TO9).The Board of Directors decides on all the terms and conditions of the issuances of shares and of options and other special rights entitling to shares. The issuance of shares and of options and other special rights entitling to shares may be carried out in deviation from the shareholders’ pre-emptive rights (directed issue)  if there is a weighty financial reason for the company.Shares may be conveyed either against payment or free of charge in the company’s share issues. A directed share issue may be a share issue without payment only if there is an especially weighty reason for the same both for the company and in regard to the interests of all shareholders in the company.The authorization is valid until 30 June 2024  and it replaces the authorization granted by the Extraordinary General Meeting on 1 October 2021.c) Execution of the Share ExchangeThe Board of Directors proposes to the General Meeting that the Share Exchange is accepted by the resolution of this General Meeting and the Board of Directors is authorized to take other necessary measures required for execution of the Share Exchange and to confirm execution after the necessary conditions precedent (inter alia approval of Nasdaq Stockholm AB) have been fulfilled.7. Amendment to the Articles of AssociationThe Board of Directors proposes to the Extraordinary General Meeting that the following amendments be made to the Company's Articles of Association:Section 2 of the Articles of Association (Line of business) is amended to read as follows:2 § Line of businessThe company's line of business is to conduct business related to maritime logistics as well as solar and other renewable energy. The company may have investment activities. The company can operate directly or through its subsidiaries or associated companies.The Board of Directors proposes that the decisions in accordance with this Section 7 be notified to be registered after the Company's Board of Directors has confirmed that the conditions for the execution of the Share Exchange have been met.8. Remuneration of the Board membersSavosolar Plc's Annual General Meeting decided on 26 April 2022 that the members of the Board of Directors be paid the following remuneration for the term that begun at the end of the Annual General Meeting and ends at the end of the next Annual General Meeting: EUR 21 600 for the Chair of the Board and EUR 10 800 for each of the other members of the Board. Approximately 40 per cent of the remuneration to be paid to the members of the Board of Directors will be paid by giving to the Board members company’s new shares based on the authorization granted to the Board of Directors and approximately 60 per cent in cash. Cash portion of the remuneration will be paid in 12 monthly instalments to the extent it exceeds the amount of tax withholding from the remuneration. The number of remuneration shares will be determined on the basis of the value of the company’s share in First North Growth Market Finland as follows: the volume weighted average price of the Savosolar Plc’s share within two (2) weeks following the publication of the half-year report for the period 1 January - 30 June 2022 will be used as the value of share. Members of the Board of Directors are not allowed to transfer the shares obtained as remuneration before their membership in the Board has ended.The Board of Directors proposes to the Extraordinary General Meeting that the Board remuneration decided by the Annual General Meeting on 26 April 2022 remain unchanged  however  in such a way that the Board members leaving the Board have the right to 7/12 of the Board remuneration decided and the newly elected Board members to 5/12 of the Board remuneration decided. Accordingly  the current Chair of the Board is entitled to 7/12 of the decided remuneration of the Chair of the Board and 5/12 of the remuneration of the other Board members  and the newly elected Chair of the Board is entitled to 5/12 of the remuneration of the Chair of the Board.9. The number of Board members and electing membersThe Board of Directors proposes to the Extraordinary General Meeting that six (6) members are elected to the Board.The Board of Directors proposes to the Extraordinary General Meeting that the composition of the Board be changed so that the Company's Board members Eero Auranne  Ari Virtanen and Eljas Repo continue as Board members and Kirsi Suopelto  Jussi Mälkiä and Ville Jussila are elected as new Board members. The Board of Directors proposes that the terms of office of Kirsi Suopelto  Jussi Mälkiä and Ville Jussila begin and the election is notified to be registered after the Company's Board of Directors has confirmed that the conditions for the execution of the Share Exchange have been met.The Board of Directors proposes that the end of the term of office of the current members of the Board of Directors  Feodor Aminoff and Mikael Lemström  as ordinary members of the Board of Directors  is conditional to the execution of the Share Exchange and that their term of office ends and the end is notified for registration after the Company's Board of Directors has confirmed that the conditions for the execution of the Share Exchange have been met.The proposed Board members have informed the Company that if they are elected  they intend to elect Kirsi Suopelto as Chair of the Board and Eero Auranne as Vice Chair of the Board.Consent to act as a Board member has been obtained from all persons proposed to the Board.10. Closing of the meetingB. Documents of the General MeetingThe aforementioned resolution proposals on the agenda of the General Meeting  this meeting notice and other documents mentioned in Chapter 5  Section 21 of the Limited Liability Companies Act are available on Savosolar Plc’s website at www.savosolar.com. The documents mentioned above are also available at the meeting. Minutes of the General Meeting are available on the above-mentioned website as from 9 December 2022 at the latest.C. Instructions for the participants1. Shareholder registered in the shareholders’ registerEach shareholder who is registered on Tuesday  15 November 2022 in the shareholders’ register of the company held by Euroclear Finland Ltd.  has the right to participate in the General Meeting. A shareholder  whose shares are registered on his/her/its personal Finnish book-entry account  is registered in the shareholders’ register of the company.A shareholder  who wants to participate in the General Meeting  shall register for the meeting no later than 22 November 2022 at 16:00  by which time the registration shall be received. The registration may take place:at Savosolar Plc’s website at www.savosolar.com ; by e-mail to address aulikki.hynonen@savosolar.com ; or by phone to number +358 10 271 0810 (Mon-Fri at 10.00 to 16:00).In connection with the registration a shareholder shall notify his/her/its name  personal identification number  address  phone number  email address and the name and the personal identification number of a possible assistant or proxy representative. The personal data given to Savosolar Plc is used only in connection with the General Meeting and the processing of related necessary registrations and for shareholder communication. Shareholder  his/her/its representative or proxy representative shall  when necessary  be able to prove his/her/its identity and/or right of representation.2. Nominee-registered sharesA holder of nominee-registered shares has the right to participate in the General Meeting by virtue of shares based on which he/she/it on the record date of the meeting  i.e. on 15 November 2022  would be entitled to be registered in the shareholders’ register of the company held by Euroclear Finland Ltd. The right to participate in the General Meeting requires  in addition  that the shareholder has on the basis of such shares been registered into the temporary shareholders’ register of the company held by Euroclear Finland Ltd. at the latest on 22 November 2022 by 10:00 (EET). As regards nominee- registered shares this constitutes a due registration for the General Meeting.A holder of nominee-registered shares is advised without delay to request necessary instructions regarding the registration in the temporary shareholder’s register of the company  the issuing of proxy documents and registration for the General Meeting from his/her/its custodian bank. The account management organization of the custodian bank has to register a holder of nominee-registered shares  who wants to participate in the General Meeting  into the temporary shareholders’ register of the company at the latest on the date and time mentioned above.3. Shares registered at Euroclear Sweden ABShareholder whose shares are registered in the securities system of Euroclear Sweden AB and who wants to participate in the General Meeting and use his/her/its voting right  shall be registered at the shareholder’s register held by Euroclear Sweden AB on 15 November 2022 at the latest.In order to be entitled to request for temporary registration in the shareholder’s register of Savosolar Plc held by Euroclear Finland Ltd.  a shareholder of nominee-registered shares shall request that his/her/its shares are temporarily registered under his/her/its own name in the shareholder’s register held by Euroclear Sweden AB and to ensure that the custodian bank will send the above-mentioned request for temporary registration to Euroclear Sweden AB. The registration shall be made on 15 November 2022 at the latest  and therefore a shareholder shall give the request to his/her/its custodian bank in good time prior to the above date.Shareholder  whose shares are registered in the securities system of Euroclear Sweden AB and who intends to participate in the General Meeting and use his/her/its voting right  shall request for a temporary registration of his/her shares to the shareholder’s register of Savosolar Plc held by Euroclear Finland Oy. The request to Savosolar Plc shall be made in written at the latest on 16 November 2022 at 10:00 Swedish time (CET). The temporary registration through Savosolar Plc constitutes a due registration to the General Meeting.4. Proxy representative and powers of attorneyA shareholder may participate in the General Meeting and exercise his/her/its rights at the meeting by way of proxy representation.A proxy representative shall produce a dated proxy document or otherwise provide reliable evidence of the right to represent the shareholder. The authorization applies to one meeting  unless otherwise stated. When a shareholder participates in the General Meeting by means of several proxy representatives representing the shareholder with shares at different securities accounts  the shares by which each proxy representative represents the shareholder shall be identified in connection with the registration for the General Meeting.Possible proxy documents should be delivered by e-mail to address aulikki.hynonen@savosolar.com the end of the registration period.5. Other instructions and informationPursuant to Chapter 5 Section 25 of the Finnish Companies Act  a shareholder who is present at the General Meeting has the right to request information with respect to the matters to be handled at the meeting.The language of the meeting is Finnish.On the date of the notice to the General Meeting  3 November 2022  the total number of shares in Savosolar Plc is 216 959 964. Each share carries one vote at General Meeting.In Helsinki  3 November 2022SAVOSOLAR PLCBoard of DirectorsAPPENDIX: Fairness Opinion issued by Access Partners LtdFor more information:Savosolar PlcManaging Director Jari VarjotiePhone: +358 400 419 734E-mail: jari.varjotie@savosolar.comAbout SavosolarSavosolar with its highly efficient collectors and large-scale solar thermal systems has taken solar thermal technology to the next level. The company’s collectors are equipped with the patented nano-coated direct flow absorbers  and with this leading technology  Savosolar helps its customers to produce competitive clean energy. Savosolar’s vision is to be the first-choice supplier to high performance solar installations on a global scale. Focus is on large-scale applications like district heating  industrial process heating and real estate systems – market segments with a big potential for rapid growth. The company primarily delivers complete systems from design to installation  using the best local partners. Savosolar is known as the most innovative company in the business and aims to stay as such. The company has sold and delivered its products to almost 20 countries on four continents. Savosolar’s shares are listed on Nasdaq First North Growth Market Sweden with the ticker SAVOS and on Nasdaq First North Growth Market Finland with the ticker SAVOH. www.savosolar.com .The company’s Certified Adviser is Augment Partners AB  info@augment.se   phone: +46 8 604 22 55.Attachment,neutral,0.31,0.67,0.03,negative,0.0,0.04,0.96,True,English,"['Extraordinary General Meeting', 'Savosolar Plc', 'Notice', 'Limited Liability Companies Act', 'shareholders’ pre-emptive subscription right', 'weighty financial reason', 'Savosolar Plc Company Release', 'Access Partners Ltd', 'share exchange agreement', 'Extraordinary General Meeting', 'same subscription price', 'exchange ratio', 'share issue', 'Meriaura Ltd', 'VG-Shipping Ltd', 'Biolaite Ltd', 'VG-EcoFuel Ltd', 'English Finnish', 'Scandic Simonkenttä', 'voting tickets', 'A. Matters', 'following matters', 'Further information', 'fairness opinion', 'decision making', 'sole shareholder', 'EUR 1,000,000 guarantee', 'single resolution', '70.0 per cent', 'other matters', 'company releases', 'name change', 'final execution', 'new shares', '792,997,410 shares', '555,098,187 shares', '547,906,581 shares', 'CET', 'Notice', 'Friday', 'November', 'address', 'Simonkatu', 'Helsinki', 'Finland', 'reception', 'persons', 'distribution', 'agenda', 'Opening', 'Election', 'minutes', 'counting', 'votes', 'legality', 'attendance', 'adoption', 'list', 'Resolutions', 'acquisition', 'accordance', '29 August', 'consideration', 'addition', 'Board', 'Directors', 'order', 'appendix', 'transaction', 'number', 'amounts', 'assumption', 'warrants', 'result', 'implied', 'values', 'separate', 'offering', 'parties', 'precondition', 'subsections', 'deviation', 'turn', 'means', 'contribution', 'kind', 'authorization', 'maximum', 'limits', 'conditions', 'issuance', 'rights', 'force', '31 December', '3.45', '10:00']",2022-11-03,2022-11-03,globenewswire.com
12535,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2022/11/02/2546974/0/en/Record-and-payment-dates-of-Boreo-s-second-dividend-installment-of-EUR-0-21-per-share.html,Record and payment dates of Boreo’s second dividend installment of EUR 0.21 per share,BOREO PLC                  Stock exchange release  2 November 2022 at 21:30 EET                            Record and payment dates of Boreo’s second......,English FinnishBOREO PLC Stock exchange release  2 November 2022 at 21:30 EETRecord and payment dates of Boreo’s second dividend installment of EUR 0.21 per shareThe Board of Directors of Boreo Plc has at its meeting on November 2  2022 decided  on the basis of the authorization by the Annual General Meeting on 19 April 2022  on the record date and the payment date for the second installment of the dividend of EUR 0.21. The first dividend installment of EUR 0.21 per share was paid on April 29  2022.The second installment of the dividend will be paid to shareholders who are registered in the shareholders' register maintained by Euroclear Finland Ltd on the record date November 9  2022. The dividend payment date is November 17  2022.Vantaa  2 November 2022Boreo PlcKari NergCEODistribution:NASDAQ Helsinki LtdPrincipal mediawww.boreo.comFor more information:CEO Kari Nerg+358 44 341 8514CFO Aku Rumpunen+358 40 5563546Boreo in briefBoreo is a company listed on Nasdaq Helsinki that creates value by owning  acquiring and developing small and medium sized companies in Northern Europe. Boreo's business operations are organized into three business areas: Electronics  Technical Trade and Heavy Machines.Boreo’s main objective is to create shareholder value in the long-term. It aims to achieve this with an acquisition-driven strategy  creating optimal conditions for its businesses to increase sales and improve profitability and by being a best-in-class home for its companies and personnel. ​Net sales of the Group’s continued operations in 2021 was 122 m€ and it employs over 300 people in seven countries. Boreo’s headquarter is located in Vantaa.,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.55,0.44,0.01,True,English,"['second dividend installment', 'payment dates', 'Record', 'Boreo', 'EUR', 'share', 'BOREO PLC Stock exchange release', 'Kari Nerg CEO Distribution', 'CEO Kari Nerg', 'Euroclear Finland Ltd', 'CFO Aku Rumpunen', 'first dividend installment', 'three business areas', 'Annual General Meeting', 'NASDAQ Helsinki Ltd', 'medium sized companies', 'second dividend installment', 'second installment', 'English Finnish', 'payment dates', 'Principal media', 'Northern Europe', 'business operations', 'Technical Trade', 'Heavy Machines', 'main objective', 'acquisition-driven strategy', 'optimal conditions', 'seven countries', 'record date', ""shareholders' register"", 'shareholder value', 'Net sales', '2 November', '21:30 EET', 'Board', 'Directors', 'basis', 'authorization', '19 April', 'Vantaa', 'information', 'brief', 'company', 'small', 'Electronics', 'long-term', 'businesses', 'profitability', 'class', 'home', 'personnel', 'Group', '300 people', 'headquarter', '122']",2022-11-02,2022-11-03,globenewswire.com
12536,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2022/11/03/2547297/0/en/Notice-to-Annual-General-Meeting-of-SkiStar-AB.html,Notice to Annual General Meeting of SkiStar AB,SkiStar AB (publ) will hold its Annual General Meeting (below referred to as AGM) on Saturday  December 10  2022 at 2 pm CET at Experium in Lindvallen  Sälen. Registration for the AGM will take place from 1.30 pm CET.,"Swedish EnglishSkiStar AB (publ) will hold its Annual General Meeting (below referred to as AGM) on Saturday  December 10  2022 at 2 pm CET at Experium in Lindvallen  Sälen. Registration for the AGM will take place from 1.30 pm CET.Right to participate and registrationShareholders wishing to participate in the AGM shall both be entered in the share register administered by Euroclear Sweden AB as per Friday  2 December 2022 and register their intention to participate in the AGM no later than on Tuesday  6 December 2022. Registration of participation in the AGM can be submittedat the company’s webpage www.skistar.com/en/corporate by e-mail to GeneralMeetingService@euroclear.com (with reference “SkiStar AB Annual General Meeting”)in writing to SkiStar AB  ”Annual General Meeting”  c/o Euroclear Sweden AB  P.O. Box 191  SE-101 23 Stockholm  orby telephone: +46 (0)8 402 91 33 (Monday-Friday  9 am-4 pm CET).The shareholder’s name and personal identity number/corporate identity number must be provided when registering. In addition  the shareholders are kindly requested to provide contact details and number of shares held when registering. The company must be provided with information regarding assistants  if any  at the time of registration.In addition to attending the AGM in person or by proxy  the shareholders will also be given the opportunity to exercise their voting rights through advance voting (see below under the heading advance voting (postal voting)).Nominee RegistrationShareholders who have their shares registered with an authorised nominee must  to have the right to participate in the AGM  temporarily re-register their shares in their own names. Shareholders who wish such re-registration  so-called registration of voting rights  must request it from its authorised nominee. Voting rights registrations made by the nominee no later than Tuesday  6 December 2022  will be considered when presenting the share register. This implies that the shareholders must inform the nominees of such re-registration in good time prior to this date. Such re-registration may be temporary.Advance voting (postal voting)Shareholders can  through verification with BankID  cast their postal vote electronically via Euroclear Sweden AB's website: https://anmalan.vpc.se/euroclearproxy. Shareholders can also cast their postal vote by e-mail or post by submitting a specific advance voting form. The form  instructions and contact information for advance voting are available on the company's website: www.skistar.com/en/corporate and can also be obtained by contacting the company/Euroclear Sweden AB at contact information as above. The advance voting form is valid as a notification to attend the meeting. The completed voting form must be received by Euroclear Sweden AB no later than on 6 December 2022. The advance voting form  with any attached authorisation document  are to be submitted by e-mail to GeneralMeetingService@euroclear.com  or by mail to SkiStar AB  ""Annual General Meeting""  c/o Euroclear Sweden AB  Box 191  101 23 Stockholm. If the shareholder is a legal entity  a verified copy of the certificate of registration or an equivalent authority document for the legal entity shall be attached to the advance voting form. The same applies if the shareholder votes in advance by proxy.For the items on the agenda where the board or the nomination committee have submitted proposals  it is possible to vote Yes or No  which is clearly stated in the advance voting form. A shareholder can also abstain from voting on any item. The shareholder may not provide special instructions or conditions in the voting form. If so  the advance vote is invalid in its entirety. Further instructions and conditions are included in the advance voting form.Note that shareholders wishing to participate in the AGM through advance voting shall  just as with personal participation  be entered in the share register as per Friday  2 December  2022 (and shares registered with an authorised nominee must be re-registered in the shareholder’s own name).Proxy and Proxy formShareholders who do not intend to be present in person at the AGM may – in addition to the above alternative of advanced voting – be represented by a proxy with a written  dated and duly signed power of attorney for the proxy. Such power of attorney is considered to apply for a period of one year after being issued  or longer if clearly stated on the document  up to a maximum of five years. The power of attorney should be sent to the company at the above address in good time prior to the AGM. If the power of attorney has been issued by a legal entity  a certified copy of the legal entity’s certificate of registration or equivalent should be attached. The company provides the shareholders with a proxy form  if requested. The proxy form can be found at the company’s webpage and can be ordered from the company (see contact details above under the heading Right to participate and registration).Processing of personal dataPersonal data obtained from the share register kept by Euroclear Sweden AB  notices of attendance at the AGM and information on proxies will be used for registration  preparation of the voting list for the AGM and  where appropriate  the minutes of the AGM. For information on how your personal data is processed  please refer to the privacy policy available on Euroclear Sweden AB's website: https://www.euroclear.com/dam/ESwithLegal/Privacy-notice-bolagsstammor-engelska.pdf.Proposed agendaOpening of the meeting Election of Chairman of the Meeting Preparation and approval of the voting list Approval of proposed agenda Election of two persons to verify the minutes Confirmation that the meeting has been duly convened Presentation by the CEO Presentation of the submitted annual report and auditor’s report  as well as the consolidated financial statements and auditor’s report for the consolidated accounts Resolution regarding adoption of the income statement and balance sheet  and the consolidated income statement and consolidated balance sheet Resolution regarding the appropriation of the company’s profit according to the adopted balance sheet Resolution regarding the discharge from liability for the members of the Board of Directors and the CEO with regard to the financial year 2021/22 Resolution regarding the number of members and deputy members of the Board of Directors to be elected by the AGM Resolution regarding the fees for the members of the Board of Directors Election of members of the Board of Directors Election of Chairman of the Board of Directors Resolution regarding the number of auditors and deputy auditors  if any Resolution regarding the fees for the auditor Election of auditor Resolution regarding approval of the Board of Directors’ remuneration report for 2021/22 Resolution regarding the guidelines for remuneration to senior executives Resolution regarding authorization for the Board of Directors to resolve on new share issues Resolution on authorization providing the Board of Directors with the right to pass resolutions regarding acquisitions and sales of the company’s own shares Resolution on shareholder proposal from Conny Granqvist that SkiStar should introduce free season tickets for all guests who are over 80 years old Closing of the AGMProposed resolutionsThe Nomination Committee’s proposalsThe nomination committee of SkiStar AB (publ) consists of Per Gullstrand  appointed by Mats and Fredrik Paulsson including family and company  Anders Moberg  appointed by ACapital SS Holding AB  Niklas Johansson  appointed by Handelsbanken Fonder and Lennart Mauritzson  appointed by Erik Paulsson including family and company. The nomination committee has appointed Per Gullstrand as its chairman. The nomination committee proposes the following.2. Election of Chairman of the MeetingThe nomination committee proposes the AGM to elect the chairman of the board of directors  Anders Sundström  chairman of the AGM.12. Resolution regarding the number of members and deputy members of the Board of Directors to be elected by the AGMThe nomination committee proposes that the number of members of the board of directors shall be seven  without deputies  for the period until the end of the next AGM.13. Resolution regarding the fees for the members of the Board of DirectorsThe nomination committee proposes that total fees for the board of directors  including committee fees  shall amount to SEK 2 810 000 (2 410 000) in total. The fees shall be distributed as follows; SEK 650 000 (550 000) to the chairman of the board of directors and SEK 300 000 (250 000) to each of the other members of the board of directors that are not employed by the company. Fees to the members of the audit committee shall to amount to SEK 240 000 (240 000) in total  of which SEK 120 000 (120 000) to the chairman of the committee and SEK 60 000 (60 000) to each of the other two members of the audit committee. Fees to the members of the remuneration committee shall amount to SEK 120 000 (120 000) in total  of which SEK 60 000 (60 000) to the chairman of the committee and SEK 30 000 (30 000) to each of the other two members of the remuneration committee.14. Election of members of the Board of DirectorsThe nomination committee proposes Anders Sundström  Lena Apler  Sara Karlsson  Fredrik Paulsson  Gunilla Rudebjer  Anders Svensson and Vegard Søraunet to be re-elected members of the board of directors. All for the period until the end of the next AGM.Information about the persons proposed for re-election etc.Information about the persons proposed for re-election and the nomination committee's motivated statement is available on the company's website  www.skistar.com/en/corporate.15. Election of Chairman of the Board of DirectorsThe nomination committee proposes Anders Sundström be re-elected chairman of the board of directors  for the period until the end of the next AGM.16. Resolution regarding the number of auditors and deputy auditors  if anyThe nomination committee proposes  in accordance with the audit committee’s recommendation  that the company shall appoint one registered auditing firm as auditor  without deputies  for the period until the end of the next AGM.17. Resolution regarding the fees for the auditorThe nomination committee proposes  in accordance with the audit committee’s recommendation  that fees to the auditor shall be paid on an on-account basis.18. Election of auditorThe nomination committee proposes  in accordance with the audit committee’s recommendation  that the registered auditing firm Deloitte AB is re-elected as the company’s auditor for a period of one year. Deloitte has informed the nomination committee that  should the nomination committee’s proposal also be the decision of the AGM  the authorised public accountant  Kent Åkerlund  is to keep the position of auditor-in-charge. Neither the nomination committee's proposal nor the Audit Committee's recommendation has been subject to influence from third parties or has been forced by any contractual terms that restrict the freedom of choice in the auditor's election.The Board of Director’s proposals10. Resolution regarding the appropriation of the company’s profit according to the adopted balance sheetThe board of directors proposes that dividends of SEK 3.00 per share  totalling SEK 235 128 168  be distributed. The remaining disposable earnings of SEK 549 286 269 shall be balanced in a new account. The record date for the right to receive dividend shall be Tuesday  13 December 2022. If the AGM resolves in favour of the proposal  the planned date of payment of dividend via Euroclear Sweden is Friday  16 December 2022.19. Resolution regarding approval of the Board of Directors’ remuneration report for 2021/22The board of directors proposes that the AGM resolves to approve the board of directors’ report regarding remuneration to senior management relating to 2021/22 pursuant to Chapter 8  Section 53 a of the Swedish Companies Act.20. Resolution regarding the guidelines for remuneration to senior executivesThe Board of SkiStar AB (publ) recommends that the Annual General Meeting adopt the following guidelines for remuneration of senior executives. The guidelines apply until new guidelines are adopted by the general meeting and are valid for a maximum of four years.ScopeThe guidelines below include the Board of Directors (as applicable)  the CEO and other members of Group management  hereinafter referred to as senior executives. The guidelines are applicable to remuneration under new agreements and amendments to remuneration already agreed after adoption of the new guidelines by the AGM. The guidelines do not apply to remuneration decided on by the general meeting.The guidelines’ promotion of the Company’s business strategy  long-term interests and sustainabilitySkiStar’s vision is to create memorable mountain experiences. As a listed company  SkiStar aims to create value for the Company’s shareholders and promote long-term sustainability in all operations. For further information about SkiStar’s strategy  long-term interests  including financial and operational targets  and sustainability work  see www.skistar.com/en/corporate and the annual report  which will be available at the same web address no later than three weeks prior to the AGM.Successful implementation of the Company’s business strategy and safeguarding of its long-term interests  including sustainability  are contingent on the Company having qualified employees. SkiStar must therefore be able to offer competitive remuneration. The Company’s remuneration structure in accordance with these guidelines mustcontribute to a consensus between senior executives and shareholders in terms of the long-term perspective of the operations  including promotion of the Company’s business strategy  long-term interests and sustainability;ensure that senior executives receive remuneration that is on market conditions and competitive  enabling the Company to recruit  motivate and retain competent employees;require senior executives’ compliance with the Company’s code of conduct  policies and directives; andoffer a salary based on the Company’s financial targets and senior executives’ individual responsibility  competence  performance  duties  experience and position.Variable remuneration covered by these guidelines should aim to promote the Company’s business strategy and long-term interests  including sustainability.Remuneration and forms of remunerationThe total compensation for senior executives must be reviewed regularly  and at least annually  to ensure that it is market-based. To create well-balanced total compensation that strengthens both short and long-term performance management and target achievement  remuneration may include the following components: fixed cash salary  variable remuneration/bonuses including undertaking to acquire shares  pension benefits and other benefits.Fixed cash salarySenior executives are to be offered a fixed cash salary that is individualised and market-based in relation to responsibility  competence  performance and regional salary levels. The fixed salary is to be determined annually  to apply during the period September to August.Variable remuneration/bonus including undertaking to acquire sharesSenior executives may receive variable cash remuneration/bonuses  based on the current bonus programme for SkiStar’s senior executives as decided by the Board for each financial year. Bonuses must be related to measurable criteria defined by the Board  which may be financial or non-financial  qualitative or quantitative  and must be based on factors that support SkiStar’s business strategy and long-term interests  including its sustainability  by having a clear link to value creation  committed long-term ownership and SkiStar’s development. The criteria may  for example  relate to the Company’s performance on earnings per share  return on equity  operating margin and organic growth  measured for each financial year. If the Board considers that the business strategy and the Company’s long-term interests  including sustainability  would be better promoted if the criteria were supplemented or changed  these guidelines allow such changes to be made.The bonus to the CEO may amount to a maximum of 80 percent of 12 times the current monthly salary  which consequently is the bonus cap for the CEO. Bonuses to other senior executives may amount to a maximum of 60 percent of 12 times the current monthly salary  which consequently is the bonus cap for these executives.The level of fulfilment of the criteria for awarding variable cash remuneration is to be determined at the end of the measurement period. The Remuneration Committee is responsible for the CEO’s variable cash remuneration assessment. Where the assessment of target achievement is concerned  the CEO is responsible for the assessment in relation to other senior executives’ variable cash remuneration. Financial targets shall be based on the most recent financial report published by the Company.Should it be established that the criteria for payment of variable cash remuneration have not been met in whole or in part  the Board of Directors has the possibility to decide that variable remuneration is nevertheless to be paid to senior executives on an individual basis in extraordinary circumstances  up to an amount not exceeding half of the bonus cap  i.e. a maximum of 40 percent of 12 times the current monthly salary for the CEO  and a maximum of 30 percent of 12 times the current monthly salary for other senior executives. Such extraordinary arrangements are only to be applied either for the purpose of recruitment or retention  or as remuneration for extraordinary work in addition to the person’s regular duties. Decisions on such remuneration are to be taken by the Board of Directors  for both the CEO and other senior executives  on the proposal of the Remuneration Committee. Variable remuneration is paid in October of the year after it was earned.Under an agreement with the Company  senior executives who receive bonuses must undertake to acquire shares in the Company for long-term ownership (a period of at least three years)  investing at least 1/3 of their post-tax bonuses. The purchase price paid for any SkiStar shares acquired by a senior executive during a given vesting year may be included in the amount that the executive has committed to invest in SkiStar shares if a bonus is received for that vesting year. The purpose is to create involvement and engagement by offering senior executives the opportunity to become shareholders in a structured way. Through the criteria that determine the outcome as described above  incentives are created for senior executives to contribute to realisation of the Company’s business strategy and safeguarding of the Company’s long-term interests  including sustainability  and therefore long-term value creation.If a senior executive contravenes the above conditions by  for example  prematurely selling shares acquired under said conditions  the senior executive must  in accordance with the agreement with the Company  be required to repay the full amount (including income tax but not social security contributions) paid for the shares acquired.Pension benefitsSenior executives are entitled to pension arrangements under collective agreements and agreements with SkiStar AB. All pension obligations are defined-contribution plans. For the CEO  the Company pays pension contributions corresponding to 30 percent of the pensionable salary. For other senior executives  pension payments are made according to the standard ITP plan. Salary waivers may be used for increased pension provisions through one-time pension premium payments under salary and bonus sacrifice arrangements. The retirement age for senior executives who are Swedish citizens is 65. For others  it is as specified in their own country’s pension rules.Car benefitsSenior executives may be offered car benefits.Other benefitsSenior executives may be entitled to other benefits such as health insurance as well as the benefits available to other SkiStar employees. The total value of these benefits may not exceed five percent of a senior executive’s fixed cash salary.In addition  the CEO may be entitled to private travel between home and work (including air travel)  an official residence in Stockholm including cleaning allowance for the residence  tax return assistance and supplementary health insurance in addition to collectively agreed health insurance. The total value of these benefits may not exceed ten percent of the CEO’s fixed cash salary.OtherEmployment conditions for senior executives who are subject to rules other than Swedish rules on pension and other benefits may be duly adjusted to ensure compliance with mandatory rules or established local practice  taking into account the overall purpose of these guidelines as far as possible.Period of notice and termination benefitsThe maximum period of notice is initially 12 months for termination of employment initiated by SkiStar and six months for termination by the senior executive. Termination benefits shall only be paid when termination of employment is initiated by the Company. Termination benefits shall only to be paid up to the date on which the individual in question obtains other employment. Termination benefits are calculated on the fixed cash salary and are not pensionable. Total fixed salary during the period of notice and any termination benefits must not exceed an amount corresponding to the fixed salary for 24 months.Decision-making process to determine  review and implement the guidelinesThe Board’s Remuneration Committee is responsible for annually reviewing the need to revise the guidelines prior to the Board’s proposal to the AGM (if applicable) for adoption. The Board shall prepare a proposal for new guidelines at least every fourth year and present it to the AGM for resolution. The guidelines shall be valid until new guidelines are adopted by the general meeting. The Remuneration Committee shall also monitor and evaluate programmes for variable remuneration for senior executives  the application of guidelines for remuneration of senior executives and applicable remuneration structures and remuneration levels in the Company. The Board makes decisions on the salary and other terms of employment for the CEO on the basis of proposals from the Remuneration Committee. The CEO makes decisions on the salary and other terms of employment for other senior executives and consults with the Remuneration Committee on these matters. Decisions on possible variable remuneration in extraordinary circumstances are  however  made by the Board for the CEO as well as for other senior executives on the basis of proposals from the Remuneration Committee. The CEO and other senior executives are not present when the Board and the Remuneration Committee consider and make decisions on remuneration-related matters in so far as they are affected by these matters.Derogation from the guidelinesThe Board may  following a proposal from the Remuneration Committee  decide to make a temporary derogation from the guidelines  in whole or in part  if there are particular reasons to do so in an individual case and such derogation is necessary in order to serve the Company’s long-term interests  including sustainability  or to ensure the Company’s financial viability. As stated above  the Remuneration Committee’s tasks include preparation of the Board’s decisions in remuneration-related matters. This includes decisions to derogate from the guidelines. Such derogations are to be reported and explained in the subsequent remuneration report.Salary and terms of employment for other employeesIn preparing the Board’s proposal for these remuneration guidelines  the salaries and terms of employment for the Company’s employees have been taken into account by including information about the employees’ total remuneration  the components of the remuneration and the remuneration increase and rate of increase over time in the Board’s decision support material for evaluating the reasonableness of the guidelines and limitations set out herein. The remuneration report on paid and outstanding remuneration covered by the guidelines will include a report on the trend regarding the gap between Company management’s remuneration and other employees’ remuneration.Changes from previous guidelinesThe Board’s proposal for guidelines for remuneration of senior executives prior to the 2022 AGM is largely consistent with the guidelines adopted at the 2021 AGM. In the review prior to the 2022 AGM  changes have been made regarding the extended benefit for the CEO  as regards the official residence in Stockholm including cleaning allowance for the residence  clarification of the extended possibility for the Board to decide upon variable remuneration in extraordinary circumstances  and an increased bonus cap for variable remuneration to the CEO  from 60 percent of 12 times the current monthly salary to 80 percent of 12 times the current monthly salary. Furthermore  the possibility has been introduced for senior executives  if a bonus is received  to include the purchase price of SkiStar shares acquired during the vesting year of the current bonus payment in the amount that the executive has committed to invest in SkiStar shares.More informationOn the date of submission of these proposed remuneration guidelines for senior executives  SkiStar did not have any remuneration commitments not due for payment other than ongoing commitments to senior executives in accordance with the remuneration principles adopted at the 2021 AGM. For more information on remuneration at SkiStar  see the remuneration report and the annual report  which are available at www.skistar.com/sv/corporate no later than three weeks prior to the Annual General Meeting.21. Resolution regarding authorization for the Board of Directors to resolve on new share issuesThe board of directors proposes that the AGM authorises the board of directors to resolve upon new issues of shares in accordance with the following.The board of directors is proposed to be authorized to  on one or several occasions during the period until the next AGM  to resolve on new issues of Class B shares. A new share issue may be made with or without deviation from the shareholders’ preferential right. The authorisation shall include the right to resolve on a new share issue with cash payment  payment by contribution in kind or payment by set-off and otherwise subject to conditions as set out in Chapter 2  Section 5  Paragraph 2  1-3 and 5 of the Swedish Companies Act. Decision pursuant to the authorisation may not result in a new issuance of shares exceeding ten (10) percent of all shares in the company at the time of the AGM's decision on the authorisation. An issue of new shares based on this authorisation must not result in the company’s share capital exceeding the company’s maximum allowed share capital as set out in the articles of association. Shares shall  in case of deviation from the shareholders’ preferential right to subscription  be issued on market terms. The board shall be entitled to determine other terms for the share issue.The purpose of the authorisation  and the reason for deviation from the shareholders’ preferential right if any  is to give the board increased options to  completely or partially  finance any future investments/acquisitions by issuing new shares as payment in connection with agreements on acquisitions alternatively to raise capital for such investments/acquisitions. The board  or anyone appointed by the board  shall be authorised to make such minor adjustments of the resolution of the AGM that may be necessary in connection with registration with the Swedish Companies Registration Office and has the right to otherwise take the measures required to enforce the decision.22. Resolution on authorisation providing the Board of Directors with the right to pass resolutions regarding acquisitions and sales of the company’s own sharesThe board of directors proposes that the AGM authorises the board of directors to resolve on the acquisition and sales of the company’s own shares according to essentially the following.The board of directors’ proposal entails that the board be authorised  until the next AGM of shareholders  to pass resolutions on one or more occasions regarding the acquisition of Class B shares in the company; however  the company’s holding may not  at any time  exceed ten percent of the total number of shares in the company. The acquisition of shares shall take place in a regulated market or by an acquisition offer made to all shareholders that hold Class B shares. Acquisition of shares in a regulated market may only take place at a price that is  at any given point in time  within the registered share price interval – that is  the interval between the highest bid price and the lowest selling price. An offer of acquisition made to all shareholders may take place at a price equivalent to the lowest market value at the time of the offer  with a maximum deviation of plus 20 percent.Furthermore  the proposal by the board of directors entails that the board of directors be entitled to pass resolutions  on one or more occasions until the next AGM  regarding the sale of the company’s own shares in a regulated market or in conjunction with the acquisition of companies or operations. The authorisation includes the right to pass resolutions on deviation from the preferential rights of shareholders and resolutions that establish forms of payment other than cash funds  on the basis of in-kind payment  offsetting or on the basis of other conditions. The authorisation may be utilised for the maximum number of shares stipulated in the authorisation to acquire the company’s shares. Transfers in a regulated market may only take place at a price that is  at any given point in time  within the registered share price interval. Transfers in connection with acquisitions shall take place at a price which  in all essential manners  corresponds to the market value for the company’s share at the time of entering into the acquisition agreement.These authorisations aim to provide the board of directors with increased scope in working with the company’s capital structure and  if deemed appropriate  to facilitate acquisitions. The reason for the deviation from pre-emption rights  with regard to transfers made in conjunction with the acquisition of companies and businesses  is to create alternative forms of payment for such acquisitions. The board  or anyone appointed by the board  shall be authorised to make such minor adjustments of the resolution that may prove necessary in connection with the implementation of the board’s resolution on repurchase and transfer of own shares.Shareholder’s proposal23. Resolution on shareholder proposal from Conny Granqvist that SkiStar shall introduce free season tickets for all guests who are over 80 years oldThe board recommends that the AGM rejects the shareholder proposal under item 23.Other informationDocuments prior to the Annual General Meeting etc.Accounting documents  auditor’s reports and the complete proposals and statements of the board of directors and the nomination committee pursuant to the Swedish Companies Act and the Swedish Corporate Governance Code will be made available to shareholders at least three weeks prior to the AGM  at the company’s address: SkiStar AB  Sälfjällsgården  780 91 Sälen  Sweden  and on the company’s webpage: www.skistar.com/en/corporate. Copies of these documents will also be sent  free of cost  by post or e-mail to the shareholders upon request  and upon receipt of a postal or e-mail address and will be available at the AGM.Certain majority requirementsFor valid resolutions in accordance with item 21 and 22 on authorisations for the board of directors  the proposals shall be supported by shareholders representing at least two thirds of both the votes cast and the shares represented at the meeting.Shareholders’ right to request informationShareholders present at the AGM retain the right to request information regarding matters on the agenda or the company’s financial position according to Chapter 7  Section 32 of the Swedish Companies Act (2005:551).Number of shares and votesThe number of registered shares in the company as per the date of issuance of this notice is a total of 78 376 056  of which 3 648 000 are Class A shares and 74 728 056 are Class B shares. The total number of votes is 111 208 056. The company holds no own shares._____________________Sälen in November 2022The Board of Directors of SkiStar AB (publ)This information was submitted for publication  through the agency of the contact persons set out below  at 3 November 2022  10.30 a.m. CET.Further information can be reached from:Stefan Sjöstrand  CEO  tel +46 (0)280 841 60.Anders Örnulf  CFO  tel +46 (0)280 841 60.SkiStar in briefSkiStar AB (publ) is listed on the Mid Cap list of the Nasdaq Stockholm exchange. The Group owns and operates mountain resorts in Sälen  Vemdalen  Åre and Stockholm (Hammarbybacken) in Sweden and in Hemsedal and Trysil in Norway. Operations are divided into three segments: Operation of Mountain Resorts  Property Development & Exploitation and Operation of Hotels. As the leading holiday tour operator for Scandinavia  SkiStar’s business concept is to create memorable mountain experiences  develop sustainable destinations  offer accommodation  activities  products and services of the highest quality with our guests in focus. For further information  please visit www.skistar.com/en/corporate.Attachment",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.55,0.19,0.26,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'SkiStar AB', 'Notice', 'SkiStar AB Annual General Meeting', 'specific advance voting form', 'Euroclear Sweden AB', 'P.O. Box', 'Voting rights registrations', 'personal identity number', 'corporate identity number', 'equivalent authority document', 'advance vote', 'postal voting', 'advanced voting', 'personal data', 'Swedish English', 'Sälen', 'share register', 'contact details', 'Such re-registration', 'postal vote', 'authorisation document', 'legal entity', 'verified copy', 'nomination committee', 'one year', 'five years', 'above address', 'certified copy', 'Proxy form', 'authorised nominee', 'personal participation', 'good time', 'contact information', 'special instructions', 'Further instructions', 'Such power', 'Nominee Registration', 'AGM', 'Saturday', 'December', 'Experium', 'Lindvallen', 'place', 'Shareholders', 'Friday', 'intention', 'Tuesday', 'company', 'webpage', 'mail', 'GeneralMeetingService', 'reference', 'writing', 'Stockholm', 'telephone', 'name', 'addition', 'shares', 'assistants', 'opportunity', 'heading', 'nominees', 'date', 'verification', 'BankID', 'website', 'vpc', 'notification', 'certificate', 'items', 'agenda', 'board', 'proposals', 'conditions', 'entirety', 'alternative', 'attorney', 'period', 'maximum', 'Processing', '2', '1.30', '101', '9']",2022-11-03,2022-11-03,globenewswire.com
12537,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20221103005548/en/Intercontinental-Exchange-Reports-Strong-Third-Quarter-2022,Intercontinental Exchange Reports Strong Third Quarter 2022,ATLANTA & NEW YORK--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Intercontinental Exchange (NYSE: ICE) today reported financial results for the third quarter of 2022.,"ATLANTA & NEW YORK--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Intercontinental Exchange (NYSE: ICE):3Q22 net revenues of $1.8 billion; +1% y/y; +3% y/y  constant currency (CC)*3Q22 GAAP diluted loss per share of $0.34  primarily due to net losses from Bakkt3Q22 adj. diluted earnings per share (EPS) of $1.313Q22 operating income  +4% y/y; +7% y/y  CC*. Adj. operating income +4% y/y; +6% y/y  CC*3Q22 operating margin of 50%  +164 basis points y/y; adj. operating margin of 60%  +176 basis points y/y Jeffrey C. Sprecher  ICE Chair & Chief Executive Officer  said ""We are pleased to report strong third quarter results that extend our track record of growth. Amidst a backdrop of continued geopolitical and macroeconomic uncertainty  our strong third quarter performance reflects the ""all weather"" nature of our business model. Our customers continue to rely on our mission-critical data  technology  and liquid markets through an array of macroeconomic environments. As we look to the balance of the year and beyond  we remain focused on driving innovation  helping to serve our customers' risk management needs and delivering value to our stockholders.""Intercontinental Exchange (NYSE: ICE)  a leading global provider of data  technology and market infrastructure  today reported financial results for the third quarter of 2022. For the quarter ended September 30  2022  consolidated net loss attributable to ICE was $191 million on $1.8 billion of consolidated revenues  less transaction-based expenses. Third quarter GAAP diluted loss per share was $0.34  primarily due to net losses from Bakkt. Adjusted net income attributable to ICE was $733 million in the third quarter and adjusted diluted EPS was $1.31. Please refer to the reconciliation of non-GAAP financial measures included in this press release for more information on our adjusted operating expenses  adjusted operating income  adjusted operating margin  adjusted net income  adjusted diluted EPS and adjusted free cash flow.Warren Gardiner  ICE Chief Financial Officer  added: ""Through the first nine months of the year  we have grown revenues and operating income. This strong performance  including compounding growth in our recurring revenues across all three business segments is a testament to the power of our diverse business model. As we approach the end of 2022  we remain focused on extending our track record of growth and creating value for our stockholders.""*Constant currency (CC) percentage changes are calculated holding both the pound sterling and euro at the average exchange rate from 3Q21  1.3784 and 1.1788  respectively.Third Quarter 2022 Business HighlightsThird quarter consolidated net revenues were $1.8 billion  up 1% year-over-year including exchange net revenues of $1.0 billion  fixed income and data services revenues of $534 million and mortgage technology revenues of $276 million. Consolidated operating expenses were $898 million for the third quarter of 2022. On an adjusted basis  consolidated operating expenses were $727 million. Consolidated operating income for the third quarter was $913 million and the operating margin was 50%. On an adjusted basis  consolidated operating income for the third quarter was $1.1 billion and the adjusted operating margin was 60%.$ (in millions) Net Revenue Op Margin Adj Op Margin 3Q22 Exchanges $1 001 70% 72% Fixed Income and Data Services $534 37% 45% Mortgage Technology $276 6% 46% Consolidated $1 811 50% 60% 3Q22 3Q21 % Chg Recurring Revenue $930 $888 5% Transaction Revenue  net $881 $914 (4)%Exchanges Segment ResultsThird quarter exchange net revenues were $1.0 billion. Exchange operating expenses were $301 million and on an adjusted basis  were $284 million in the third quarter. Segment operating income for the third quarter was $700 million and the operating margin was 70%. On an adjusted basis  operating income was $717 million and the adjusted operating margin was 72%.$ (in millions) 3Q22 3Q21 % Chg Const Curr(1) Revenue  net: Energy $266 $316 (16)% (13)% Ags and Metals 57 56 1% 2% Financials(2) 122 93 30% 46% Cash Equities and Equity Options 88 79 13% 13% OTC and Other(3) 121 84 45% 53% Data and Connectivity Services 219 208 6% 6% Listings 128 123 3% 3% Segment Revenue $1 001 $959 4% 8% Recurring Revenue $347 $331 5% 5% Transaction Revenue  net $654 $628 4% 9%(1) Net revenues in constant currency are calculated holding both the pound sterling and euro at the average exchange rate from 3Q21  1.3784 and 1.1788  respectively. (2) Financials include interest rates and other financial futures and options. (3) OTC & other includes physical energy  interest income on certain clearing margin deposits  regulatory penalties and fines  fees for use of our facilities  regulatory fees charged to member organizations of our U.S. securities exchanges  designated market maker service fees  technology development fees  exchange member fees  and agriculture grading and certification fees.Fixed Income and Data Services Segment ResultsThird quarter fixed income and data services revenues were $534 million. Fixed income and data services operating expenses were $337 million and adjusted operating expenses were $293 million in the third quarter. Segment operating income for the third quarter was $197 million and the operating margin was 37%. On an adjusted basis  operating income was $241 million and the adjusted operating margin was 45%.$ (in millions) 3Q22 3Q21 % Chg Const Curr(1) Revenue: Fixed Income Execution $26 $12 121% 122% CDS Clearing 88 51 72% 75% Fixed Income Data and Analytics 273 272 —% 2% Other Data and Network Services 147 142 4% 6% Segment Revenue $534 $477 12% 14% Recurring Revenue $420 $414 1% 3% Transaction Revenue $114 $63 81% 84%(1) Net revenues in constant currency are calculated holding both the pound sterling and euro at the average exchange rate from 3Q21  1.3784 and 1.1788  respectively.Mortgage Technology Segment ResultsThird quarter mortgage technology revenues were $276 million. Mortgage technology operating expenses were $260 million and adjusted operating expenses were $150 million in the third quarter. Segment operating income for the third quarter was $16 million and the operating margin was 6%. On an adjusted basis  operating income was $126 million and the adjusted operating margin was 46%.$ (in millions) 3Q22 3Q21 % Chg Revenue: Origination Technology $187 $245 (24)% Closing Solutions 53 88 (39)% Data and Analytics 22 19 22% Other 14 14 (8)% Segment Revenue $276 $366 (25)% Recurring Revenue $163 $143 14% Transaction Revenue $113 $223 (49)%Other MattersOperating cash flow through the third quarter of 2022 was $2.5 billion and adjusted free cash flow was $2.1 billion.Unrestricted cash was $1.2 billion and outstanding debt was $18.1 billion as of September 30  2022.The effective tax rate for the third quarter of 2022 was 47%  primarily due to net losses from Bakkt.Through the third quarter of 2022  ICE repurchased $632 million of its common stock and paid $640 million in dividends. In connection with ICE's pending acquisition of Black Knight  on May 4  2022 ICE suspended its share repurchases.Updated Financial GuidanceICE's fourth quarter 2022 GAAP operating expenses are expected to be in a range of $890 million to $900 million. Adjusted operating expenses (1) are expected to be in a range of $730 million to $740 million.to $900 million. Adjusted operating expenses are expected to be in a range of $730 million to $740 million. ICE's fourth quarter 2022 GAAP non-operating expense (2) is expected to be in the range of $137 million to $142 million. Adjusted non-operating expense is expected to be in the range of $105 million to $110 million.is expected to be in the range of $137 million to $142 million. Adjusted non-operating expense is expected to be in the range of $105 million to $110 million. ICE's diluted share count for the fourth quarter is expected to be in the range of 558 million to 563 million weighted average shares outstanding.(1) 4Q22 non-GAAP operating expenses exclude amortization of acquisition-related intangibles  pending Black Knight acquisition costs  and Ellie Mae integration costs. (2) Non-operating income / expense includes interest income  interest expense and net other income. Non-GAAP non-operating expense excludes equity earnings from unconsolidated investees  net interest expense on pre-acquisition-related debt and costs associated with re-financing existing debt.Earnings Conference Call InformationICE will hold a conference call today  November 3  2022  at 8:30 a.m. ET to review its third quarter 2022 financial results. A live audio webcast of the earnings call will be available on the company's website at www.theice.com in the investor relations section. Participants may also listen via telephone by dialing 844-200-6205 from the United States or 929-526-1599 from outside of the United States. Telephone participants are required to provide the participant entry number 047703 and are recommended to call 10 minutes prior to the start of the call. The call will be archived on the company's website for replay.The conference call for the fourth quarter 2022 earnings has been scheduled for February 2nd  2023 at 8:30 a.m. ET. Please refer to the Investor Relations website at www.ir.theice.com for additional information.Historical futures  options and cash ADV  rate per contract  open interest data and CDS cleared information can be found at: https://ir.theice.com/investor-resources/supplemental-information/default.aspxConsolidated Statements of Income (In millions  except per share amounts) (Unaudited) Nine Months Ended September 30  Three Months Ended September 30  Revenues: 2022 2021 2022 2021 Exchanges $ 4 824 $ 4 376 $ 1 577 $ 1 434 Fixed income and data services 1 555 1 403 534 477 Mortgage technology 880 1 061 276 366 Total revenues 7 259 6 840 2 387 2 277 Transaction-based expenses: Section 31 fees 332 204 158 38 Cash liquidity payments  routing and clearing 1 403 1 330 418 437 Total revenues  less transaction-based expenses 5 524 5 306 1 811 1 802 Operating expenses: Compensation and benefits 1 058 1 093 344 374 Professional services 101 124 32 43 Acquisition-related transaction and integration costs 81 42 19 14 Technology and communication 513 495 169 168 Rent and occupancy 63 61 22 20 Selling  general and administrative 166 163 54 52 Depreciation and amortization 768 759 258 253 Total operating expenses 2 750 2 737 898 924 Operating income 2 774 2 569 913 878 Other income/(expense): Interest income 42 — 33 — Interest expense (440 ) (321 ) (176 ) (108 ) Other income/(expense)  net (1 132 ) 1 341 (1 097 ) 54 Other income/(expense)  net (1 530 ) 1 020 (1 240 ) (54 ) Income/(loss) before income tax expense/(benefit) 1 244 3 589 (327 ) 824 Income tax expense/(benefit) 186 1 049 (152 ) 187 Net income/(loss) $ 1 058 $ 2 540 $ (175 ) $ 637 Net income attributable to non-controlling interest (37 ) (9 ) (16 ) (4 ) Net income/(loss) attributable to Intercontinental Exchange  Inc. $ 1 021 $ 2 531 $ (191 ) $ 633 Earnings/(loss) per share attributable to Intercontinental Exchange  Inc. common stockholders: Basic $ 1.83 $ 4.50 $ (0.34 ) $ 1.12 Diluted $ 1.82 $ 4.48 $ (0.34 ) $ 1.12 Weighted average common shares outstanding: Basic 559 563 558 563 Diluted 561 565 560 566Consolidated Balance Sheets (In millions) As of September 30  2022 As of (Unaudited) December 31  2021 Assets: Current assets: Cash and cash equivalents $ 1 183 $ 607 Short-term restricted cash and cash equivalents 6 032 1 035 Cash and cash equivalent margin deposits and guaranty funds 156 789 145 936 Invested deposits  delivery contracts receivable and unsettled variation margin 7 902 4 493 Customer accounts receivable  net 1 248 1 208 Prepaid expenses and other current assets 558 1 021 Total current assets 173 712 154 300 Property and equipment  net 1 720 1 699 Other non-current assets: Goodwill 21 075 21 123 Other intangible assets  net 13 210 13 736 Long-term restricted cash and cash equivalents 405 398 Other non-current assets 1 170 2 246 Total other non-current assets 35 860 37 503 Total assets $ 211 292 $ 193 502 Liabilities and Equity: Current liabilities: Accounts payable and accrued liabilities $ 788 $ 703 Section 31 fees payable 58 57 Accrued salaries and benefits 274 354 Deferred revenue 315 194 Short-term debt 7 1 521 Margin deposits and guaranty funds 156 789 145 936 Invested deposits  delivery contracts payable and unsettled variation margin 7 902 4 493 Other current liabilities 188 153 Total current liabilities 166 321 153 411 Non-current liabilities: Non-current deferred tax liability  net 3 565 4 100 Long-term debt 18 113 12 397 Accrued employee benefits 189 200 Non-current operating lease liability 267 252 Other non-current liabilities 417 394 Total non-current liabilities 22 551 17 343 Total liabilities 188 872 170 754 Equity: Intercontinental Exchange  Inc. stockholders’ equity: Common stock 6 6 Treasury stock  at cost (6 224 ) (5 520 ) Additional paid-in capital 14 269 14 069 Retained earnings 14 731 14 350 Accumulated other comprehensive loss (403 ) (196 ) Total Intercontinental Exchange  Inc. stockholders’ equity 22 379 22 709 Non-controlling interest in consolidated subsidiaries 41 39 Total equity 22 420 22 748 Total liabilities and equity $ 211 292 $ 193 502Non-GAAP Financial Measures and ReconciliationWe use non-GAAP measures internally to evaluate our performance and in making financial and operational decisions. When viewed in conjunction with our GAAP results and the accompanying reconciliation  we believe that our presentation of these measures provides investors with greater transparency and a greater understanding of factors affecting our financial condition and results of operations than GAAP measures alone. In addition  we believe the presentation of these measures is useful to investors for period-to-period comparison of results because the items described below as adjustments to GAAP are not reflective of our core business performance. These financial measures are not in accordance with  or an alternative to  GAAP financial measures and may be different from non-GAAP measures used by other companies. We use these adjusted results because we believe they more clearly highlight trends in our business that may not otherwise be apparent when relying solely on GAAP financial measures  since these measures eliminate from our results specific financial items that have less bearing on our core operating performance. We strongly recommend that investors review the GAAP financial measures and additional non-GAAP information included in our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q  including our consolidated financial statements and the notes thereto.Adjusted operating expenses  adjusted operating income  adjusted operating margin  adjusted net income attributable to ICE common stockholders  adjusted diluted earnings per share and adjusted free cash flow for the periods presented below are calculated by adding or subtracting the adjustments described below  which are not reflective of our cash operations and core business performance  and their related income tax effect and other tax adjustments (in millions  except for per share amounts):Adjusted Operating Income  Operating Margin and Operating Expense Reconciliation (In millions) (Unaudited) Exchanges Segment Fixed Income and Data Services Segment Mortgage Technology Segment Consolidated Nine Months Ended September 30  Nine Months Ended September 30  Nine Months Ended September 30  Nine Months Ended September 30  2022 2021 2022 2021 2022 2021 2022 2021 Total revenues  less transaction-based expenses $3 089 $2 842 $1 555 $1 403 $880 $1 061 $5 524 $5 306 Operating expenses 904 977 1 029 1 010 817 750 2 750 2 737 Less: Amortization of acquisition-related intangibles 50 56 137 136 271 277 458 469 Less: Transaction and integration costs — 12 — — 79 28 79 40 Adjusted operating expenses $854 $909 $892 $874 $467 $445 $2 213 $2 228 Operating income $2 185 $1 865 $526 $393 $63 $311 $2 774 $2 569 Adjusted operating income $2 235 $1 933 $663 $529 $413 $616 $3 311 $3 078 Operating margin 71% 66% 34% 28% 7% 29% 50% 48% Adjusted operating margin 72% 68% 43% 38% 47% 58% 60% 58%Adjusted Operating Income  Operating Margin and Operating Expense Reconciliation (In millions) (Unaudited) Exchanges Segment Fixed Income and Data Services Segment Mortgage Technology Segment Consolidated Three Months Ended September 30  Three Months Ended September 30  Three Months Ended September 30  Three Months Ended September 30  2022 2021 2022 2021 2022 2021 2022 2021 Total revenues  less transaction-based expenses $1 001 $959 $534 $477 $276 $366 $1 811 $1 802 Operating expenses 301 330 337 338 260 256 898 924 Less: Amortization of acquisition-related intangibles 17 19 44 45 91 92 152 156 Less: Transaction and integration costs — 2 — — 19 11 19 13 Adjusted operating expenses $284 $309 $293 $293 $150 $153 $727 $755 Operating income $700 $629 $197 $139 $16 $110 $913 $878 Adjusted operating income $717 $650 $241 $184 $126 $213 $1 084 $1 047 Operating margin 70% 66% 37% 29% 6% 30% 50% 49% Adjusted operating margin 72% 68% 45% 39% 46% 58% 60% 58%Adjusted Net Income Attributable to ICE and EPS (In millions) (Unaudited) Nine Months Ended September 30  2022 Nine Months Ended September 30  2021 Net income attributable to ICE $ 1 021 $ 2 531 Add: Amortization of acquisition-related intangibles 458 469 Add: Transaction and integration costs 79 40 Add: Accelerated unamortized costs related to the early payoff of the June 2023 floating rate senior notes — 4 Add: Impairment on Bakkt equity method investment 40 — Add: Accrual relating to legal settlement 9 16 Add: Net interest expense on pre-acquisition-related debt 49 — Add: Extinguishment of 2022 and 2023 Senior Notes 30 — Less: Gain on sale and fair value adjustment of Euroclear equity investment and dividends received (41 ) (94 ) Less: Gain on sale of Coinbase equity investment — (1 227 ) Less: Gain related to the settlement of an acquisition-related indemnification claim — (7 ) Add/(Less): Net losses/(income) from unconsolidated investees 1 112 (42 ) Add/(Less): Income tax effect for the above items (478 ) 216 Add/(Less): Deferred tax adjustments on acquisition-related intangibles (3 ) 196 Adjusted net income attributable to ICE $ 2 276 $ 2 102 Basic earnings per share $ 1.83 $ 4.50 Diluted earnings per share $ 1.82 $ 4.48 Adjusted basic earnings per share $ 4.07 $ 3.74 Adjusted diluted earnings per share $ 4.06 $ 3.72 Basic weighted average common shares outstanding 559 563 Diluted weighted average common shares outstanding 561 565Adjusted Net Income Attributable to ICE and EPS (In millions) (Unaudited) Three Months Ended September 30  2022 Three Months Ended September 30  2021 Net income/(loss) attributable to ICE $ (191 ) $ 633 Add: Amortization of acquisition-related intangibles 152 156 Add: Transaction and integration costs 19 13 Add: Accrual relating to legal settlement — 16 Add: Net interest expense on pre-acquisition-related debt 31 — Add: Accelerated unamortized costs related to the early payoff of the June 2023 floating rate senior notes — 4 Add: Impairment on Bakkt equity method investment 40 — Less: Gain on sale and fair value adjustment of Euroclear equity investment and dividends received — (64 ) Add/(Less): Net losses/(income) from unconsolidated investees 1 055 (8 ) Less: Income tax effect for the above items (355 ) (38 ) Less: Deferred tax adjustments on acquisition-related intangibles (18 ) (1 ) Adjusted net income attributable to ICE $ 733 $ 711 Basic earnings/(loss) per share $ (0.34 ) $ 1.12 Diluted earnings/(loss) per share $ (0.34 ) $ 1.12 Adjusted basic earnings per share $ 1.31 $ 1.26 Adjusted diluted earnings per share $ 1.31 $ 1.26 Basic weighted average common shares outstanding 558 563 Diluted weighted average common shares outstanding 560 566Adjusted Free Cash Flow Calculation (In millions) (Unaudited) Nine Months Ended September 30  2022 Nine Months Ended September 30  2021 Cash flow from operations $2 462 $2 130 Less: Capital expenditures and capitalized software development costs (325) (328) Add/(Less): Section 31 fees  net (1) 193 Adjusted free cash flow $2 136 $1 995About Intercontinental ExchangeIntercontinental Exchange  Inc. (NYSE: ICE) is a Fortune 500 company that designs  builds and operates digital networks to connect people to opportunity. We provide financial technology and data services across major asset classes that offer our customers access to mission-critical workflow tools that increase transparency and operational efficiencies. We operate exchanges  including the New York Stock Exchange  and clearing houses that help people invest  raise capital and manage risk across multiple asset classes. Our comprehensive fixed income data services and execution capabilities provide information  analytics and platforms that help our customers capitalize on opportunities and operate more efficiently. At ICE Mortgage Technology  we are transforming and digitizing the U.S. residential mortgage process  from consumer engagement through loan registration. Together  we transform  streamline and automate industries to connect our customers to opportunity.Trademarks of ICE and/or its affiliates include Intercontinental Exchange  ICE  ICE block design  NYSE and New York Stock Exchange. Information regarding additional trademarks and intellectual property rights of Intercontinental Exchange  Inc. and/or its affiliates is located at http://www.intercontinentalexchange.com/terms-of-use. Key Information Documents for certain products covered by the EU Packaged Retail and Insurance-based Investment Products Regulation can be accessed on the relevant exchange website under the heading “Key Information Documents (KIDS).”Safe Harbor Statement under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 - Statements in this press release regarding ICE's business that are not historical facts are ""forward-looking statements"" that involve risks and uncertainties. For a discussion of additional risks and uncertainties  which could cause actual results to differ from those contained in the forward-looking statements  see ICE's Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) filings  including  but not limited to  the risk factors in Intercontinental Exchange  Inc.’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31  2021  as filed with the SEC on February 3  2022. We caution you not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements. Any forward-looking statement speaks only as of the date on which such statement is made  and we undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking statement or statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date on which such statement is made or to reflect the occurrence of an unanticipated event. New factors emerge from time to time  and it is not possible for management to predict all factors that may affect our business and prospects. Further  management cannot assess the impact of each factor on the business or the extent to which any factor  or combination of factors  may cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking statements.SOURCE: Intercontinental ExchangeICE-CORP",neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,mixed,0.24,0.09,0.66,True,English,"['Strong Third Quarter', 'Intercontinental Exchange', 'Net Revenue Op Margin Adj Op Margin', 'Constant currency (CC) percentage changes', 'Third quarter consolidated net revenues', 'Third quarter exchange net revenues', 'U.S. securities exchanges', 'Chg Const Curr(1) Revenue', ""customers' risk management needs"", 'market maker service fees', 'Third Quarter 2022 Business Highlights', 'strong third quarter results', 'strong third quarter performance', 'ICE Chief Financial Officer', 'Data Services Segment Results', 'Third quarter fixed income', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'adj. operating margin', 'clearing margin deposits', 'Exchanges Segment Results', 'Jeffrey C. Sprecher', 'leading global provider', 'less transaction-based expenses', 'first nine months', 'average exchange rate', 'Chg Recurring Revenue', 'three business segments', 'Consolidated operating expenses', 'Third quarter GAAP', 'GAAP financial measures', 'Adj. operating income', '3Q22 net revenues', 'adjusted operating expenses', 'Exchange operating expenses', 'free cash flow', '3Q22 operating margin', 'diverse business model', 'Consolidated operating income', 'other financial futures', 'exchange member fees', 'data services revenues', 'Segment operating income', 'technology development fees', 'mortgage technology revenues', '3Q22 operating income', 'strong performance', '3Q22 adj', 'financial results', 'Segment Revenue', 'consolidated revenues', 'net income', '3Q22 Exchanges', 'recurring revenues', 'net losses', '3Q22 GAAP', 'Transaction Revenue', 'Intercontinental Exchange', 'market infrastructure', 'BUSINESS WIRE', 'Connectivity Services', 'Cash Equities', 'regulatory fees', 'member organizations', 'certification fees', 'interest income', 'mission-critical data', 'NEW YORK', 'track record', 'continued geopolitical', 'macroeconomic uncertainty', 'weather"" nature', 'liquid markets', 'macroeconomic environments', 'press release', 'Warren Gardiner', 'pound sterling', 'interest rates', 'regulatory penalties', 'agriculture grading', 'ICE Chair', 'Equity Options', 'physical energy', '+164 basis points', '+176 basis points', 'diluted EPS', 'ATLANTA', 'share', 'Bakkt', 'earnings', 'growth', 'backdrop', 'array', 'balance', 'year', 'innovation', 'value', 'stockholders', 'reconciliation', 'information', 'testament', 'power', 'end', 'euro', 'millions', 'Ags', 'Metals', 'Financials', 'OTC', 'Listings', '3Q21', 'fines', 'use', 'facilities']",2022-11-03,2022-11-03,businesswire.com
12538,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2022/11/03/2548078/0/en/Notice-of-Extraordinary-General-Meeting-in-Copperstone-Resources-AB-PUBL.html,Notice of Extraordinary General Meeting in Copperstone Resources AB (PUBL),Kiruna 3 November 2022  PRESS RELEASE  The shareholders of Copperstone Resources AB (publ)  reg.no. 556704-4168 (“Copperstone” or the “Company”) are...,English SwedishKiruna 3 November 2022PRESS RELEASEThe shareholders of Copperstone Resources AB (publ)  reg.no. 556704-4168 (“Copperstone” or the “Company”) are hereby summoned to the extraordinary general meeting on 1 December 2022 at 2:00 p.m. at the offices of Hannes Snellman Attorneys  Hamngatan 15  111 47 Stockholm. The registration opens at 1:30 p.m.Notice of attendance etc.Shareholders who wish to participate in the extraordinary general meeting must be recorded in the share register held by Euroclear Sweden AB on 23 November 2022 and give notice of their participation by way of mail to the Company no later than on 28 November 2022 at 12:00 p.m. to Copperstone Resources AB (publ)  Fasadvägen 43  SE-981 41 Kiruna  Sweden  or by way of e-mail: info@copperstone.se  stating “Extraordinary general meeting”. Upon notice of attendance  the shareholder’s name  social security number or corporate registration number  address  telephone number  shareholding as well as information on advisors  if any (no more than two)  shall be stated.If participating by proxy  we are thankful if such proxy form is submitted already in connection with the notice of attendance. The proxy form may be no older than one year  however the proxy form may be older than one year if it is stated that it is valid for a longer period  however no more than five years. Proxy forms are provided shareholders upon request and are available at the Company and on the Company’s website  www.copperstone.se. A person representing a legal entity is requested to present a copy of a certificate of registration or equivalent documentation of authority evidencing authorised signatory.A person having had their shares nominee registered must  in order to have the right to participate in the extraordinary general meeting  have the nominee register the shares in own name  so that the relevant shareholder is registered in the share register held by Euroclear Sweden AB on 23 November 2022. Such registration may be temporary. The shareholder must therefore contact its nominee well before this date in accordance with the nominee’s routines and request voting rights registration. Voting rights registrations that have been made by the nominee no later than on 25 November 2022 will be taken into account in the presentation of the share register.Proposed agendaElection of chairman of the meeting. Preparation and approval of the voting list. Election of one or two persons to verify the minutes. Determination as to whether the extraordinary general meeting has been duly convened. Approval of the agenda. Resolution on the number of members of the board of directors. Election of new member of the board of directors. Determination of remuneration to new member of the board of directors. Resolution on (A) adaptation of the allotment principles for warrants under Incentive program 2022/2025:1 and (B) adaptation of the allotment principles for warrants under Incentive program 2022/2025:2. Resolution on adoption of Incentive program 2022/2026 by way of (A) issue of warrants to the subsidiary Copperstone Incentive AB and (B) approval of transfer of warrants to management and key personnel. Resolution on adjustment of terms and conditions for warrants under earlier incentive programs. Closing of the meeting.Nomination committeeThe nomination committee consists of Håkan Eriksson (appointed by JOHECO AB)  Thomas von Koch (appointed by TomEnterprise AB) and Håkan Roos (appointed by RoosGruppen AB).Proposals for decisionsItem 1: Election of chairman of the meetingThe nomination committee proposes that the chairman of the board  Jörgen Olsson  is elected chairman at the extraordinary general meeting on 1 December 2022.Item 6: Resolution regarding the number of members of the board of directorsProposal that the board of directors  for the period until the end of the next annual general meeting  shall consist of eight (8) members with no deputy board members  has been presented by Thomas von Koch who  through company holdings  is a Company shareholder.Item 7: Election of new member of the board of directorsProposal that Per Colleen  for the period until the end of the next annual general meeting  shall be elected as member of the board of directors  has been presented by Thomas von Koch who  through company holdings  is a Company shareholder. The other members of the nomination committee  Håkan Eriksson (appointed by JOHECO AB) and Håkan Roos (appointed by RoosGruppen AB) have no objections regarding this proposal.Per Colleen has substantial experience from the finance industry inter alia as previous share manager of AP4 (2013-2021)  SEB Investment Management (2011-2013) and DnBNor (2008-2011). Today  Per Colleen works as CEO of TomEnterprise AB  TomEqt AB and Kinkon AB.Item 8: Determination of remuneration to new member of the board of directorsAs a consequence of the proposal regarding election of a new member of the board of directors  the nomination committee proposes that  for the period until the end of the next annual general meeting  remuneration of in total SEK 200 000 shall be paid on an annual basis to the new board member from 1 December 2022.Item 9: Resolution on (A) adaptation of the allotment principles for warrants under Incentive program 2022/2025:1 and (B) adaptation of the allotment principles for warrants under Incentive program 2022/2025:2As previously communicated by way of press release  Copperstone has given the new CEO Henrik Ager an opportunity to acquire 10 000 000 warrants on market terms  as part of the remuneration package agreed between the Company and Henrik Ager. In order to adapt the existing incentive programs’ frameworks and allotment principles to the agreed transfer to Henrik Ager  an amendment is proposed to the earlier resolution from the general meeting regarding resale of warrants under Incentive program 2022/2025:1  according to resolution item (A) below  as well as a corresponding amendment to the allotment principles regarding warrants under Incentive program 2022/2025:2  according to resolution item (B) below. The proposal does not entail an issue of new warrants and consequently no change of dilutive effect  in relation to what was stated in the resolution of the annual general meeting on 18 May 2022. The resolution items (A) and (B) are mutually conditioned by each other and are resolved upon one resolution.(A) Resolution on adaptation of the allotment principles for warrants under Incentive program 2022/2025:1On the annual general meeting on 18 May 2022  the Company resolved to issue 12 000 000 warrants within the framework of Incentive program 2022/2025:1. All warrants have initially been subscribed by the subsidiary Copperstone Incentive AB (the “Subsidiary”)  before intended allotment to selected management and key personnel in the Company. Pursuant to the annual general meeting’s resolution  the Subsidiary shall transfer no more than 2 500 000 warrants to the CEO.In order to adapt the program’s allotment principles to the agreed transfer of 10 000 000 warrants to the new CEO Henrik Ager  it is proposed that the extraordinary general meeting approves an amendment of the above-mentioned distribution  in such manner that the number of warrants that may be transferred by the Subsidiary to the CEO is adjusted to 5 631 130 warrants. For the same purpose  it is proposed that the CEO who has received allotment in Incentive program 2022/2025:1 is enabled to also receive allotment in Incentive program 2022/2025:2 (and vice versa  please refer to the below).The above-mentioned resale to Henrik Ager entails that there are additional 1 228 870 warrants remaining for potential allotment in this incentive program. The remaining warrants will be cancelled.(B) – Resolution on adaptation of the allotment principles for warrants under Incentive program 2022/2025:2On the annual general meeting on 18 May 2022  the Company resolved to issue 15 000 000 warrants within the framework of Incentive program 2022/2025:2. All warrants have initially been subscribed by the Subsidiary  before intended allotment to board members of the Company. Pursuant to the annual general meeting’s resolution  the Subsidiary shall transfer inter alia no more than 2 000 000 warrants to the board members.In order to adapt the program’s allotment principles to the agreed transfer of 10 000 000 warrants to the new CEO Henrik Ager  it is proposed that the extraordinary general meeting approves an amendment of the above-mentioned distribution as follows. The warrants held by the Subsidiary within the framework of Incentive program 2022/2025:2 shall be possible to transfer also to the CEO  whereby the number of warrants that may be transferred to the CEO shall be 4 368 870 warrants. These warrants have thus not been previously allotted to board members. For the same purpose  it is proposed that the CEO  who has received allotment in Incentive program 2022/2025:2 is enabled to also receive allotment in Incentive program 2022/2025:1 (and vice versa  please refer to the above).The above-mentioned resale entails that there are no additional warrants remaining for potential allotment in this incentive program.Item 10: Resolution on adoption of Incentive program 2022/2026 by way of (A) issue of warrants to the subsidiary Copperstone Incentive AB and (B) approval of transfer of warrants to management and key personnelFollowing allotment of warrants to the CEO in accordance with item 9 above  together with other allotments after the annual general meeting’s resolution on 18 May 2022  1 228 870 warrants remain in Incentive program 2022/2025:1  which lapse on 18 December 2025. The board of directors intends to propose a new incentive program for management and key personnel ahead of the annual general meeting 2023 but deems it important to already before the annual general meeting 2023 be able to facilitate important recruitment of new staff and  for this purpose  have more warrants with appropriate maturity available than the aforementioned number. For this reason  the board wishes to create space for further allotments corresponding to in total 3 700 000 warrants  which increase and replace ongoing incentive programs. As the Company intends to cancel the above-mentioned remaining 1 228 870 warrants  this will thus correspond to a net increase of approximately 2 470 000 warrants  which entails a dilution of not more than 0.2 percent.Thus  the board of directors of Copperstone proposes that the general meeting resolves to adopt a new incentive program for management and key personnel in the Company. This new incentive program will thus increase and partly replace the remaining warrants in Incentive program 2022/2025:1  which will be cancelled. The new incentive program is proposed to be adopted by way of an issue of warrants to the Subsidiary in accordance with resolution item (A) below  as well as transfer to selected management and key personnel in accordance with resolution item (B). Resolution items (A) and (B) are mutually conditioned by each other and are resolved upon one resolution.The board of directors assesses it as urgent and in the interest of all shareholders that management and key personnel have a long-term interest of a good value development of the Company’s share. A personal and long-term ownership commitment may be expected to contribute to an increased interest of the Company’s operations and results  as well as to increase the motivation for the participants’ and affinity with the Company and its shareholders.(A) – Issue of warrants to the subsidiary Copperstone Incentive ABThe board of directors proposes that a directed issue of warrants is carried out  by way of issuance of no more than 3 700 000 warrants of series 2022/2026. The subscription right to the warrants shall  with deviation from the shareholders’ preferential rights  only accrue to the Subsidiary. The intention is that the warrants shall be transferred to management and key personnel in the Company afterwards  in accordance with what is stated in resolution item (B). The reason why the issue is proposed to deviate from the shareholders’ preferential right is thus to create incentives for management and key personnel to at all times work for the Company’s positive development  since these hold management roles or key roles in the Company and accordingly constitute an important part of the Company’s continued operations. The warrants are issued without consideration. Each warrant shall entitle to subscription right of one (1) share in the Company  to a subscription price per share corresponding to the current share price in connection with the extraordinary general meeting  as will be seen further in the board of directors’ complete proposal  multiplied with 1.5. Subscription of shares by exercising the warrants shall  in accordance with the terms and conditions for the warrants  be enabled until and including 29 May 2026. In the event that all warrants are exercised for subscription of shares  the Company’s registered share capital will be increased with SEK 370 000. The terms and conditions  including customary provisions of recalculation with regard to certain events related to the Company etc.  which will be set forth in the board of directors’ complete proposal  shall be applied regarding the warrants.(B) - Approval of transfer of warrants to management and key personnel in the CompanyFurthermore  the board of directors proposes that the general meeting resolves to approve that the Subsidiary shall transfer no more than in total 3 700 000 warrants to management or key personnel (or wholly owned companies by these persons) in the Company  with the distribution stated below.Position / Categories Number of warrants Management and other key personnel  including consultants on a permanent basis Maximum 1 000 000 warrants per person Newly employed management and key personnel Maximum 500 000 warrants per personThe warrants shall be transferred on market-based terms to a price determined on the basis of the calculated market value for the warrants at the time for transfer  by an application of Black & Scholes valuation model (option premium). The calculation of the option premium to management shall be made or controlled by an independent valuation expert or shall be made on the basis of the expert’s valuation. Furthermore  a so-called offer of first refusal-agreement shall be entered into  according to which the warrant holder shall be obliged to offer the Company to acquire the warrants  or a certain part of these  under certain conditions.DilutionBased on the current number of shares in the Company  and with the assumption that all warrants will be exercised for subscription of shares and that 1 228 870 warrants from Incentive program 2022/2025:1 will be cancelled  the dilution as a consequence of the proposed incentive program will not exceed 0.2 percent of the shares and votes in the Company (not included the Company’s current incentive programs).Costs for the incentive program and impact on important key figuresThe incentive program 2022/2026 has been prepared in consultation with external advisors and the total costs for this advice is not expected to amount to noteworthy amounts. In addition to the costs for advisors  the board of directors assesses that the incentive program will cause some administrative costs in connection to subscription of shares by exercising of the warrants and registration with the Swedish Companies Registration Office. Furthermore  the Company may link salary-based bonuses to allotments in order to facilitate participation in the program  bonus costs of which in that case will fall within the Company’s ordinary personnel costs.The stated dilutive effect above refers to  in relation to the Company’s key figures  the dilution of the number of shares  and affects relevant key figures definitely if the Company’s value has risen to the degree that exercise is carried out during the maturity period. In such a case  the dilution should be counteracted by the fact that the Company  in the event of full exercise  would (based on the current share price) be added an amount of SEK 6 900 000.Earlier incentive programs in the CompanyThe Company currently has some ongoing share-related incentive programs which include management  and some ongoing share-related incentive programs which include board members. All of the Company’s warrant programs are presented on the Company’s website and will be described in the board of directors’ complete proposal. In the event that the incentive program would be fully implemented within the now intended framework in accordance with the board of directors’ proposal above  the total numerical dilutive effect together with the existing warrant programs as per today will not exceed 5 percent. After the resale of warrants under ongoing Incentive program 2022/2025:1 to the new CEO Henrik Ager  1 228 870 warrants will remain in this incentive program. These 1 228 870 warrants will then be cancelled  which entails that the dilution following the proposed incentive program is mitigated.Majority requirementsResolution to adopt incentive programs according to the above stated  is covered by the rules for the board of directors and management in Chapter 16 of the Swedish Companies Act (2005:551)  which  for a valid resolution  requires that the proposal under this item is supported by shareholders representing no less than nine tenths (9/10) of both the votes cast as well as of the shares represented at the general meeting.Item 11: Resolution on adjustment of terms and conditions for warrants under earlier incentive programsCopperstone has  on the annual general meeting on 20 May 2020  resolved to issue 16 250 000 warrants within the framework of Incentive program 2020/2023  of which the warrant terms and conditions subsequently was partly amended and converted to Incentive program 2020/2023bis  on the annual general meeting on 19 May 2021 resolved to issue 10 000 000 warrants within the framework of Incentive program 2021/2024:1 and to issue 15 000 000 warrants within the framework of Incentive program 2021/2024:2  and on the annual general meeting on 18 May 2022 resolved to issue 12 000 000 warrants within the framework of Incentive program 2022/2025:1 and 15 000 000 warrants within the framework of Incentive program 2022/2025:2. All warrants have initially been subscribed by the Subsidiary before intended allotment and resale to selected management and key personnel or board members.All warrants under the above-mentioned incentive programs are governed by identical warrant terms and conditions  apart from some certain program specific details. For the purpose of facilitating so-called partial exercise of warrants under the Company’s ongoing incentive programs  i.e. that an option holder may exercise warrants for subscription of shares at more than one occasion and to a lower number than maximum  the Company’s board of directors proposes  with reference to item 10 in the warrant terms and conditions respectively  that the warrant terms and conditions regarding the warrants in the above-mentioned incentive programs for practical reasons are amended  in the manner that it facilitates for the option holder to subscribe for shares that the warrants are entitling to at multiple different subscription occasions. This change of terms and conditions is assessed to be appropriate and to all option holders’ benefit.For a valid resolution according to this item  it is required that the proposal is supported by shareholders representing no less than nine tenths (9/10) of both the votes cast as well as of the shares represented at the general meeting.Right to informationThe board of directors and the CEO shall  if any shareholder requests it and the board of directors believes that it may take place without significant harm to the Company  provide information at the extraordinary general meeting regarding any circumstances which may affect the assessment of a matter on the agenda  and any circumstances which may affect the assessment of the Company’s or a subsidiary’s financial position as well as the Company’s relationship to another group company.DocumentsComplete resolution proposals pursuant to the above  including relevant statements  will be presented on the Company’s website  www.copperstone.se  and be kept available at Copperstone Resources AB (publ)  Fasadvägen 43  SE-981 41 Kiruna  no later than three weeks before the extraordinary general meeting and be sent to shareholders who so wishes and state their postal address.Shares and votesThe Company may issue shares of one class. In total  there are 1 330 093 009 shares and votes in the Company. Each share in the Company carries one vote at the extraordinary general meeting. The Company does not hold any own shares._____________________Kiruna in November 2022Copperstone Resources AB (publ)The board of directorsFor more information  please contactChairman of the board Jörgen Olsson on +46 (0) 703 - 420 570E-mail: jorgen.olsson@copperstone.seinfo@copperstone.se or www.copperstone.seAbout CopperstoneCopperstone Resources AB is a company now scaling up to become a modern and responsibly producing mining company through the reopening of the Viscaria mine in Kiruna  Sweden. The deposit’s high copper grade assessed mineral resources  geographical location and growing team of experts provides good opportunities to become a key supplier of quality and responsibly produced copper – a metal that plays a critical role in Sweden’s and Europe’s climate change towards an electrified society. In addition to the Viscaria mine  Copperstone holds a number of other exploitation concessions and exploration permits in Arvidsjaur (Eva  Svartliden  Granliden) and Smedjebacken (Tvistbogruvan)  all in Sweden. The parent company’s shares are traded on the Nasdaq First North Growth Market (ticker COPP B). Augment Partners is the company’s Certified Adviser  info@augment.se  +46 8 604 22 55.Attachment,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,positive,0.76,0.23,0.01,True,English,"['Extraordinary General Meeting', 'Copperstone Resources AB', 'Notice', 'PUBL', 'next annual general meeting', 'subsidiary Copperstone Incentive AB', 'extraordinary general meeting', 'Hannes Snellman Attorneys', 'Håkan Eriksson', 'Thomas von Koch', 'Håkan Roos', 'Jörgen Olsson', 'Voting rights registrations', 'earlier incentive programs', 'previous share manager', 'Copperstone Resources AB', 'social security number', 'SEB Investment Management', 'corporate registration number', 'Euroclear Sweden AB', 'deputy board members', 'voting list', 'JOHECO AB', 'TomEnterprise AB', 'RoosGruppen AB', 'TomEqt AB', 'Kinkon AB', 'share register', 'English Swedish', 'PRESS RELEASE', 'Fasadvägen', 'telephone number', 'five years', 'legal entity', 'equivalent documentation', 'authorised signatory', 'Such registration', 'two persons', 'allotment principles', 'key personnel', 'Nomination committee', 'Per Colleen', 'substantial experience', 'finance industry', 'new member', 'proxy form', 'eight (8) members', 'other members', 'one year', 'relevant shareholder', 'company holdings', 'longer period', 'Company shareholder', 'shares nominee', 'Kiruna', 'shareholders', '1 December', 'offices', 'Hamngatan', '47 Stockholm', 'Notice', 'attendance', '23 November', 'participation', 'way', 'mail', '28 November', 'publ', 'name', 'address', 'shareholding', 'information', 'advisors', 'connection', 'request', 'website', 'copy', 'certificate', 'authority', 'order', 'date', 'accordance', 'routines', '25 November', 'account', 'presentation', 'agenda', 'Election', 'chairman', 'Preparation', 'approval', 'minutes', 'Determination', 'Resolution', 'directors', 'remuneration', 'adaptation', 'warrants', 'adoption', 'transfer', 'adjustment', 'terms', 'conditions', 'Closing', 'Proposals', 'decisions', 'Item', 'objections', 'AP4', 'DnBNor', 'CEO', 'consequence', '2:00']",2022-11-03,2022-11-03,globenewswire.com
12539,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/euronext-publishes-q3-2022-results-164500227.html,Euronext publishes Q3 2022 results,Contacts Media Contact Investor Relations Amsterdam +31 20 721 4133 Brussels +32 2 620 15 50 +33 1 70 48 24 27 Dublin +33 1 70 48 24 45 Lisbon +351 210 600...,"EuronextContacts Media Contact Investor Relations Amsterdam +31 20 721 4133 Brussels +32 2 620 15 50 +33 1 70 48 24 27 Dublin +33 1 70 48 24 45 Lisbon +351 210 600 614 Milan +39 02 72 42 62 12 Oslo +47 41 69 59 10 Paris +33 1 70 48 24 45Euronext publishes Q3 2022 resultsSolid quarter demonstrating Euronext’s diversified business model and continued cost discipline  in line with 2022 cost guidanceAmsterdam  Brussels  Dublin  Lisbon  Milan  Oslo and Paris – 3 November 2022 – Euronext  the leading pan-European market infrastructure  today publishes its results for the third quarter 2022.Q 3 2022 underlying revenue and income was stable com pared to Q 3 2021 underlying revenue and income 1   at € 350.3 million ( - 0. 1 % 2 reported   - € 0.3 million   reported revenue and income at €301.4 million ) illustrating the strong performance of non -volume related business : Non-volume related revenue accounted for 59% of Q3 2022 underlying revenue 1 (vs. 57% in Q3 2021) and covered 138% of underlying operating expenses  excluding D&A (vs. 142% in Q3 2021). Trading revenue was down at €117.8 million (-6.0% like-for-like  -5.2% reported)  resulting from lower cash equity and MTS Cash volumes  partially offset by efficient yield management and strong quarters for FX  derivatives and power trading. Post-trade revenue (excluding NTI) grew to €86.2 million (+2.2% like-for-like  +3.7% reported). Custody and Settlement revenue was €57.1 million (+0.5% like-for-like  +2.8% reported) thanks to the diversified Euronext Securities business model in a normalising settlement environment. Clearing revenue increased to €29.1 million (+5.5% like-for-like  +5.5% reported) as a result of growing bonds and derivatives clearing activity. Net treasury income for Euronext Clearing was -€38.3 million  including -€49.0 million of non-underlying pre-tax loss following the partial disposal of the Euronext Clearing portfolio 1   as announced in Euronext second quarter 2022 results. Listing revenue grew to €54.0 million (+5.9% like-for-like  +6.3% reported)  demonstrating the resilience of the business in tough market conditions. Euronext remained the leading venue for equity listing in Europe and for debt listing worldwide. Euronext recorded 18 new equity listings in Q3 2022. Four new companies joined the new Euronext Tech Leaders segment following its launch in June 2022. Advanced Data Services revenue grew to €53.0 million (+6.5% like-for-like  +6.3% reported)  driven by a strong performance across the offering.Adjusted EBITDA 3 was at € 199.9 million ( -4.4% reported   - € 9.2 million) reflecting continued cost disciplin e in an inflationary environment . A djusted EBITDA margin was at 57.1% ( - 2.6 pt s like-for-like   - 2.6 p t s reported ): Underlying operating expenses  excluding D&A  were €150.4 million (+5.6% like-for-like  +6.3% reported)  in line with 2022 cost guidance of €612 million of underlying costs.Story continuesReported net income  share of the parent company shareholders  was down -34. 5 % to€ 7 5 . 8 million (- € 40 . 0 million)   mainly due to the non-underlying one-off loss in n et t reasury i ncome : Net financing expenses were at €4.6 million and results from equity investments amounted to €1.7 million. Income tax rate was at 26.2%.Adjusted EPS 4 was down -3.2% at € 1. 2 1 5 .Key figures for Q3 2022:In €m  unless stated otherwise Q3 2022 Q3 2021 % var % varl-f-l6 Revenue and income 301.4 350.6 -14.0% -0.8% Underlying revenue and income1 350.3 350.6 -0.1% -0.8% Underlying operational expenses excluding D&A (150.4) (141.5) +6.3% +5.6% Adjusted EBITDA 199.9 209.1 -4.4% -5.2% Adjusted EBITDA margin 57.1% 59.6% -2.6pts -2.6pts Net income  share of the parent company shareholders 75.8 115.8 -34.5% Adjusted Net income  share of the parent company shareholders 129.5 137.0 -5.5% Adjusted EPS (basic  in€) (share count differs between the two periods) 1.21 1.25 -3.2% Reported EPS (basic  in€) (share count differs between the two periods) 0.71 1.08 -34.2% Adjusted EPS (diluted  in€) (share count differs between the two periods) 1.21 1.25 -3.2% Reported EPS (diluted  in€) (share count differs between the two periods) 0.71 1.08 -34.2%Net debt to reported EBITDA 7 was at 2. 3 x at the end of September 2022 .Continued delivery of targeted synergies in relation to the Borsa Italiana Group acquisition : € 24.4 million cumulated run-rate annual synergies achieved at the end of Q3 2022. €0.3 million run-rate annual synergies delivered in Q3 2022. €37.9 million of cumulated implementation costs incurred at the end of Q3 2022  of which €1.2 million during Q3 2022.Continued advancement of the integration of the Borsa Italiana Group: Euronext has successfully introduced a new listing framework in Italy  which is harmonised with Group and global standards. The harmonisation of the listing framework will benefit Italian issuers and strengthen the Italian capital market ecosystem. Euronext confirmed the first phase of the migration of Borsa Italiana cash markets onto Optiq ® in March 2023. The migration to the Euronext state-of-the-art proprietary trading platform will provide Euronext and Borsa Italiana clients with significant benefits while retaining a strong local footprint  as demonstrated in the two previous successful migrations in Ireland and Norway. Euronext confirmed the first phase of the expansion of Euronext Clearing with the expected launch of the equity clearing offering by the end of 2023. This is the first milestone in the transformation of Euronext Clearing to create the Euronext clearing house of choice for its cash equity markets  further ensuring strategic alignment between the Euronext markets and its clearing house.Stéphane Boujnah  Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Managing Board of Euronext  said:“This third quarter of 2022 demonstrated the robustness of Euronext’s diversified business model in a more challenging trading environment. We recorded strong growth in our non-volume related activities  as well as good performance of derivatives  FX and power trading activities. Euronext confirmed its position as the main trading venue in Europe this quarter  providing market participants with the highest market quality and depth. Combined with continued cost discipline  in line with our 2022 cost guidance  this led to robust adjusted EBITDA and adjusted net income.We continued working on the integration of the Borsa Italiana Group and delivery of the ‘Growth for Impact 2024’ strategic plan. €24.4 million cumulated run-rate annual synergies in relation to the acquisition of the Borsa Italiana Group were reached at the end of Q3 2022.Going forward  the simplification of listing rules in Italy announced in September will facilitate access to financing for local and international issuers  further reinforcing Euronext’s position as the leading listing venue in Europe. Additional major milestones in the delivery of our ‘Growth for Impact 2024’ strategic plan will be achieved in 2023. Italian and European clients will soon benefit from the migration of the Italian cash markets to the Euronext state-of-the-art proprietary trading platform Optiq® in March 2023  joining the largest liquidity pool in Europe. In addition  in relation to the acquisition of the Borsa Italiana Group  Euronext Clearing will become the Euronext clearing house of choice for equity clearing by the end of 2023. These strategic deliveries will further unlock a significant part of the targeted synergies. Our diversified business model combined with continued cost discipline gives us the confidence to face macro-economic challenges in 2023.”Euronext Q3 2022 financial performanceIn €m  unless stated otherwiseThe figures in this document have not been audited or reviewed by our external auditor. Q3 2022 Q3 2021 % var % var(like-for-like  constant currencies) Revenue and income 301.4 350.6 -14.0% -0.8% Underlying revenue and income 350.3 350.6 -0.1% -0.8% Listing 54.0 50.8 +6.3% +5.9% Trading revenue  of which 117.8 124.2 -5.2% -6.0% Cash trading 67.3 75.0 -10.2% -10.2% Derivatives trading 14.0 13.5 +3.3% +3.2% Fixed income trading 21.4 23.8 -9.8% -9.8% FX trading 7.3 5.6 +30.1% +11.2% Power trading 7.8 6.3 +23.5% +20.2% Investor Services 2.5 2.1 +16.3% +12.2% Advanced Data Services 53.0 49.8 +6.3% +6.5% Post-Trade  of which 86.2 83.1 +3.7% +2.2% Clearing 29.1 27.5 +5.5% +5.5% Custody and Settlement 57.1 55.6 +2.8% +0.5% Euronext Technology Solutions & Other 26.0 24.4 +6.7% +6.5% NTI through CCP business (38.3) 12.9 -395.8% -17.6% Other income (0.5) 0.8 -161.3% -160.6% Transitional revenues 0.6 2.3 -72.0% -72.0% Underlying operational expenses exc. D&A (150.4) (141.5) +6.3% +5.6% Adjusted EBITDA 199.9 209.1 -4.4% -5.2% Adjusted EBITDA margin 57.1% 59.6% -2.6pts -2.6pts Operating expenses exc. D&A (153.0) (149.0) +2.7% +5.6% EBITDA 148.3 201.6 -26.4% -5.2% Depreciation & Amortisation (38.8) (38.5) +0.8% -10.3% Total Expenses (inc. D&A) (191.9) (187.5) +2.3% +3.9% Adjusted operating profit 183.8 191.3 -3.9% -4.7% Operating Profit 109.5 163.1 -32.9% Net financing income / (expense) (4.6) (7.3) -36.6% Results from equity investments 1.7 11.8 -85.5% Profit before income tax 106.6 167.6 -36.4% Income tax expense (27.9) (48.5) -42.6% Share of non-controlling interests (2.9) (3.2) -10.7% Net income  share of the parent company shareholders 75.8 115.8 -34.5% Adjusted Net income  share of the parent company shareholders8 129.5 137.0 -5.5% Adjusted EPS (basic  in€) 1.21 1.25 -3.2% Reported EPS (basic  in€) 0.71 1.08 -34.2% Adjusted EPS (diluted  in€) 1.21 1.25 -3.2% Reported EPS (diluted  in€) 0.71 1.08 -34.2%Q3 2022 revenue and incomeIn Q3 2022  Euronext consolidated revenue and income amounted to €301.4 million  down -14.0% compared to Q3 2021  mainly due to the €49.0 million non-underlying  one-off pre-tax loss (€35 million post-tax) related to the partial disposal of the Euronext Clearing portfolio9  partially offset by the robust performance of non-volume related activities and the good performance of derivatives  FX and power trading activities. Underlying revenue and income  excluding the non-underlying  one-off  loss related to the partial disposal of the Euronext Clearing portfolio  was slightly down -0.8% in Q3 2022  to €350.3 million. On a like-for-like basis and at constant currencies  Euronext consolidated revenue and income was down -0.8% in Q3 2022  to €349.4 million  compared to Q3 2021.Non-volume related revenue accounted for 59% of underlying Group revenue in Q3 2022  compared to 57% in Q3 2021  reflecting the successful diversification towards non-volume related activities and challenging environment for cash trading and MTS cash trading this quarter. The underlying operating expenses excluding D&A coverage by non-volume related revenue ratio was at 138% in Q3 2022  compared to 142% in Q3 2021.Q3 2022 adjusted EBITDAUnderlying operational expenses excluding depreciation and amortisation increased to -€150.4 million  up +6.3%  reflecting continued cost discipline in a post-pandemic context and higher clearing expenses  and in line with 2022 guidance of €612 million underlying costs. On a like-for-like basis  underlying operational expenses excluding depreciation and amortisation increased by +5.6% compared to Q3 2021 that was positively impacted by the decrease of travel and marketing due to the pandemic.Consequently  adjusted EBITDA for the quarter totalled €199.9 million  down -4.4% compared to Q3 2021. This represents an adjusted EBITDA margin of 57.1%  down -2.6 points compared to Q3 2021 due to the decrease in volume-related revenue  which was partly offset by resilient non-trading related revenue and continued cost discipline. On a like-for-like basis  adjusted EBITDA for Q3 2022 was down-5.2%  to €199.3 million  and adjusted EBITDA margin was 57.0%  down -2.6 points compared to the same perimeter in Q3 2021.Q3 2022 net income  share of the parent company shareholdersDepreciation and amortisation accounted for €38.8 million in Q3 2022  stable compared to Q3 2021. PPA related to acquired businesses accounted for €20.9 million.Adjusted operating profit was €183.8 million  a -3.9% decrease compared to Q3 2021. On a like-for-like basis  adjusted operating profit was down -4.7% compared to Q3 2021  at €183.2 million.€25.4 million of non-underlying expenses  including depreciation and amortisation  were reported in Q3 2022  related to the integration of the Borsa Italiana Group  the implementation of the ‘Growth for Impact 2024’ strategic plan and the PPA of acquired businesses.Net financing expense for Q3 2022 was €4.6 million compared to a net financing expense of €7.3 million in Q3 2021. This decrease results from a positive revaluation of foreign currencies balances impact in Q3 2022.Results from equity investments amounted to €1.7 million in Q3 2022  solely representing the contribution received from LCH SA  in which Euronext owns an 11.1% stake. As a reminder  in Q3 2021  Euronext reported €11.8 million of results from equity investments  reflecting a dividend payment by Euroclear in addition to the contribution received from LCH SA.Income tax for Q3 2022 was €27.9 million. This translated into an effective tax rate of 26.2% for the quarter (Q3 2021: €48.5 million and 29.0% respectively).Share of non-controlling interests mainly relating to the Borsa Italiana Group and Nord Pool amounted to €2.9 million in Q3 2022.As a result  the reported net income  share of the parent company shareholders  decreased by -34.5% for Q3 2022 compared to Q3 2021  to €75.8 million  including the one-off loss due to the partial disposal10 of the Euronext Clearing portfolio. This represents a reported EPS of €0.71 basic and €0.71 fully diluted in Q3 2022  compared to €1.08 basic and €1.08 fully diluted in Q3 2021. The weighted number of shares used over the first nine months of 2022 was 106 652 256 for the basic calculation and 106 857 642 for the fully diluted calculation.Adjusted net income  share of the parent company shareholders was down -5.5% to €129.5 million. Adjusted EPS (basic) was down -3.2% in Q3 2022  at €1.21 per share  based on 106 652 256 shares for the first nine months of 2022  compared to an adjusted EPS (basic) of €1.25 per share in Q3 2021  based on 92 447 841 shares for the first nine months of 2021.In Q3 2022  Euronext reported a net cash flow from operating activities of €318.1 million  compared to €213.5 million in Q3 2021  reflecting higher positive changes in working capital partially offsetting the lower profit before tax. Excluding the impact on working capital from Euronext Clearing and Nord Pool CCP activities  net cash flow from operating activities accounted for 179% of EBITDA in Q3 2022.Business highlightsListingin €m  unless stated otherwise Q3 2022 Q3 2021 % change Listing revenue 54.0 50.8 +6.3% Equity 27.4 24.6 +11.2% Annual fees 16.9 15.1 +11.8% Follow-ons 5.4 3.8 +40.7% IPOs 5.1 5.7 -10.2% Debts 8.6 9.3 -7.1% ETFs  Funds & Warrants 5.6 5.5 +1.7% Corporate Services 9.4 9.0 +4.3% ELITE and Other 3.0 2.4 +26.0% Money raised 177 660 379 163 -53.1%Listing revenue was €54.0 million in Q3 2022  an increase of +6.3% compared to Q3 2021  reflecting the resilience of the listing offering driven by the good performance of equity follow-ons  Corporate Services and the positive impact of equity IPO revenue recognition over time11. On a like-for-like basis at constant currencies  listing revenue increased by +5.9% compared to Q3 2021.Euronext’s primary equity listing business sustained its leading position in Europe with 18 new listings in Q3 2022. This compared to 51 new listings in the third quarter of 2021  which was a record year for new listings. The majority of new listings on Euronext were from Tech and innovation-driven companies. The listing of Teract became the sixth successful de-SPAC operation on Euronext markets in 2022  illustrating Euronext’s attractiveness for SPAC listings. In addition  Euronext welcomed its fourth listing from a Euronext Tech Leader company since the inception of the new Tech Leaders programme.In Q3 2022  Euronext’s markets reported €143.8 million raised primary equity issues. This compares to a very strong Q3 2021 with €5.3 billion raised on Euronext primary markets.Euronext’s secondary markets reported €4.8 billion raised in secondary equity issues in Q3 2022  compared to €37.7 billion in Q3 2021.Euronext recorded another strong quarter for ETPs remaining a leading exchange in Europe for the listing of ETPs with 105 new listings.Euronext sustained its position as the leading listing venue for bonds worldwide in Q3 202212 with over 52 500 bonds listed across all Euronext markets  despite a slowdown in global bond listing activity due to rising interest rates and concerns over economic growth. In Q3 2022  €172.8 billion in debt was raised on Euronext markets  reflecting the current market conditions  and compared to €336.2 billion raised in Q3 2021.In total  €177.7 billion in equity and debt was raised on Euronext’s markets in Q3 2022  compared to €379.2 billion in Q3 2021.Euronext Corporate Services reported a solid quarter in terms of revenue at €9.4 million in Q3 2022  up +4.3% compared to Q3 2021  resulting from a solid performance across the offering  despite the seasonally lower activity for events.Tradingin €m  unless stated otherwise Q3 2022 Q3 2021 % change Trading revenue 117.8 124.2 -5.2% Cash trading revenue 67.3 75.0 -10.2% ADV Cash market 9 59910 861-11.6%Derivatives trading revenue 14.0 13.5 +3.3% ADV Derivatives market (in lots) 598 237666 537 -10.2% Fixed income trading revenue 21.4 23.8 -9.8% ADV MTS Cash 15 430 23 388 -34.0% TAADV MTS Repo 323 200 281 898 +14.7% ADV other fixed income 787 673 +16.9% Spot FX trading revenue 7.3 5.6 +30.1% ADV spot FX Market (in USD m) 21 743 17 509 +24.2% Power trading revenue 7.8 6.3 +23.5% ADV Day-ahead power market (in TWH) 2.39 2.02 +18.5% ADV Intraday power market (in TWH) 0.10 0.06 +76.8%Trading revenue on a reported basis.Cash tradingCash trading revenue decreased by -10.2% to €67.3 million in Q3 2022  resulting from lower volumes  which were partially offset by improved revenue capture. Over the third quarter of 2022  Euronext recorded cash average daily volumes of €9.6 billion  a volume decrease of -11.6% compared to Q3 2021. Euronext continued to be the provider of best market quality with a sustained above-average EBBO presence across the equity markets it operates13.Over the third quarter of 2022  Euronext cash trading yield was 0.53 bps  reflecting efficient yield management  and the market share of cash trading averaged 65.9%  in line with pre-COVID pandemic levels.On 13 October 2022  Euronext hosted a virtual educational session on cash equity trading. A replay of the presentation and Q&A session is available here.On a like-for-like basis at constant currencies  cash trading revenue was down -10.2% in Q3 2022 compared to Q3 2021.Derivatives tradingDerivatives trading revenue increased by +3.3% to €14.0 million in Q3 2022 as a result of the strong traction of index derivatives and commodity derivatives trading  combined with enhanced revenue capture  offsetting weaker volumes in equity derivatives trading.During the third quarter of 2022  average daily volume on financial derivatives was 513 781 lots  down -12.0% from Q3 2021 due to a decrease in equity futures and options trading  reflecting a strong comparison basis with a more dynamic environment for corporate events than usual in Q3 2021  and some uncertainties around derivatives transaction tax treatment in Q3 2022.Average daily volumes on commodity derivatives were at 84 456 lots in Q3 2022  up +1.9% compared to Q3 2021  driven by a recovery of the high price environment at the end of the quarter and reflecting the quality of Euronext commodities flows from both financial and commercial players.Euronext revenue capture on derivatives trading was €0.35 per lot for the third quarter of 2022  reflecting a positively geared volume mix and solid revenue capture.On a like-for-like basis at constant currencies  derivatives trading revenue was up +3.2% in Q3 2022 compared to Q3 2021.Fixed income tradingFixed income trading reported revenue was at €21.4 million in Q3 2022  compared to €23.8 million in Q3 2021  reflecting an economic environment in Europe favouring money market trading volumes. MTS reported an overall robust performance in markets dominated by increasing interest rates. For the third quarter of 2022  MTS Cash reported €13.1 million of revenue and MTS Repo reported €5.4 million of revenue.The third quarter saw the strong traction in Repo trading continue  with term-adjusted average daily volumes up +14.7% compared to Q3 2021 to €323.2 billion. This partially offset lower MTS Cash average daily volumes  down -34.0% to €15.4 billion  compared to €23.4 billion in Q3 2021.On a like-for-like basis at constant currencies  fixed income trading revenue was down -9.8% in Q3 2022 compared to Q3 2021.FX tradingFX trading reported revenue at €7.3 million in Q3 2022  up +30.1% from Q3 2021. Euronext FX trading volumes and revenue benefited from the continued positive momentum with heightened volatility  geographic expansion and product diversification.Over the third quarter of 2022  average daily volumes of USD21.7 billion were recorded  up +24.2% compared to Q3 2021.On a like-for-like basis at constant currencies  FX trading revenue was up +11.2% in Q3 2022 compared to Q3 2021.Power tradingPower trading reported €7.8 million in revenue in Q3 2022  representing a strong growth of +23.5% compared to Q3 2021  driven by dynamic volumes  the increased footprint of Nord Pool in central Europe  UK and Ireland  and a continued robust performance in the Nordics. Over the third quarter of 2022  average daily day-ahead power traded was 2.39TWh  up +18.5% compared to Q3 2021  and average daily intraday power traded was 0.10TWh  up +76.8% compared to Q3 2021.On a like-for-like basis at constant currencies  power trading revenue was up +20.2% compared to Q3 2021.Investor ServicesInvestor Services reported €2.5 million revenue in Q3 2022  representing a +16.3% increase compared to a very strong Q3 2021  resulting from continued commercial expansion partially offset by a reduction of scope.On a like-for-like basis at constant currencies  Investor Services revenue was up +12.2% compared to Q3 2021.Advanced Data ServicesAdvanced Data Services revenue was €53.0 million in Q3 2022  up +6.3% from Q3 2021  driven by the strong traction of the core data business  solid index activities and good momentum of the advanced data solutions franchise.On a like-for-like basis at constant currencies  Advanced Data Services revenue was up +6.5% compared to Q3 2021.Post Tradein €m  unless stated otherwise Q3 2022 Q3 2021 % var Post-trade revenue (exc. NTI) 86.2 83.1 +3.7% Clearing 29.1 27.5 +5.5% Revenue from LCH SA 18.7 17.1 +9.4% Revenue from Euronext Clearing 10.4 10.5 -0.8% Custody  Settlement and other Post-Trade activities 57.1 55.6 +2.8% Net treasury income through CCP business (38.3) 12.9 -395.8%ClearingClearing revenue was up +5.5% to €29.1 million in Q3 2022  as a result of solid activity from Euronext Clearing and higher revenue received from LCH SA driven by increased derivatives and bond clearing volumes. Non-volume related clearing revenue (including membership fees  treasury income received from LCH SA) accounted for €9.5 million of the total clearing revenue in Q3 2022.Euronext Clearing activities reflected an uplift in cleared volumes for derivatives and bond clearing. In Q3 2022  Euronext Clearing revenue included €1.5 million from derivatives clearing  €3.8 million from equities clearing  and €2.2 million from bonds clearing.On a like-for-like basis at constant currencies  clearing revenue was up +5.5% compared to Q3 2021.Net treasury incomeAs announced with the Q2 2022 results  Euronext Clearing has engaged in a partial disposal of its portfolio14. Subsequently  a one-off pre-tax loss of €49.0 million has been recorded in Q3 2022 as net treasury income. The post-tax impact is a loss of €35 million. As a consequence  the net treasury income reported a loss of €38.3 million in Q3 2022. Adjusting for the one-off impact mentioned above  the net treasury income was at €10.7 million  reflecting a lower spread compared to Q2 2022 on stable level of cash held over the quarter.As the sale of the portfolio had no negative impact on the available capital of the Group  Euronext decided that the dividend for the fiscal year 2022 will be adjusted to neutralize any negative impact from this operation.Custody  Settlement and other Post-Trade activitiesRevenue from Custody  Settlement and other Post-Trade activities  including the activities of Euronext Securities (Copenhagen  Milan  Oslo  Porto)  was €57.1 million in Q3 2022  up +2.8% compared to Q3 2021  resulting from the diversified business model of Euronext Securities enabling it to capture value in a normalising settlement environment. 29 541 795 settlement instructions were processed in the third quarter of 2022 and assets under custody reached €6.1 trillion. As a reminder  the third quarter is usually the lowest quarter in Euronext Securities activity  reflecting several seasonal impacts.On a like-for-like basis at constant currencies  Custody  Settlement and other Post-Trade revenue was up +0.5% compared to Q3 2021.Euronext Technologies and Other revenueEuronext Technologies and Other revenue grew to €26.0 million in Q3 2022  up +6.7% from Q3 2021  reflecting a whole quarter of additional revenue generated through Euronext’s new Core Data Centre following the migration to the new data centre on 6 June 2022.On a like-for-like basis at constant currencies  Euronext Technologies and Other revenue was up +6.5% compared to Q3 2021.Q3 2022 corporate highlights since publication of the Q2 2022 results on 28 July 2022New listing framework in ItalyOn 23 September 2022  Euronext announced the simplification of the listing rules at Borsa Italiana  to the benefit of companies aiming to raise capital on its regulated market  Euronext Milan. Driven by the integration of Borsa Italiana into Euronext  the changes to Euronext Milan’s listing rules align the listing process in Italy with European and global standards.The amendments to the listing rules of Euronext Milan aim to simplify the requirements for issuers preparing to go public  thereby reducing workload and time for market participants.Specifically  the documentation requirements  the extent of Borsa Italiana’s role in reviewing listings and the Sponsor’s responsibilities have been significantly simplified.These simplifications are in line with Euronext’s commitment to facilitating access to financing on its venues  for both local and international issuers.The migration of Borsa Italiana markets to Euronext’s state-of-the-art Optiq® technology and single order book  planned for 202315  will bring further benefits to Italian capital markets  increasing the liquidity and visibility of Italian issuers.The amendments to the Borsa Italiana listing rules came into force on 3 October 2022.ESG innovation across the GroupEuronext has introduced a new section for ESG bonds from companies with the most ambitious climate targets  aligned with the aim to limit the global temperature increase to 1.5°C. To be included in this section  issuers of ESG bonds must have committed to science-based climate targets for a 1.5° pathway  validated by the SBTi.Euronext ESG Funds are now available to investors via a trading platform for open-ended investment funds. It gives investors access to a broad range of ESG funds available from leading asset managers within a safe and secure trading infrastructure. ESG funds available on Euronext are classified as Article 8 funds (light green) or Article 9 funds (dark green) in line with the product classifications in the SFDR.New family of crypto indicesIn August 2022  Euronext introduced a family of indices which provide institutional investors with independent and robust cryptocurrency reference prices  to meet their growing need for diversification. This initiative is part of Euronext’s strategy aiming to offer its clients indirect exposure to crypto assets through a diversified product set.Based on a resilient methodology developed by Compass Financial Technologies  Euronext Crypto Indices serve as independent and transparent prices to value cryptocurrency portfolios  or as benchmarks for investors wishing to issue investment products tracking cryptocurrency prices.Euronext Crypto Indices are calculated based on the collection of all observable rates for one specific cryptocurrency on different selected cyptocurrency exchanges16  following a methodology designed by Compass Financial Technologies  the BMR Index Administrator and Calculation Agent. To be considered as eligible  exchanges need to meet strict criteria in terms of compliance and regulation  transparency  reliability  continuity and IT robustness.Corporate highlights since 30 September 2022Maturities on the Total Return Future on the CAC 40® Index extended to ten yearsEuronext announced the extension of the maturities available on the Total Return Future on the CAC 40® Index17. By making additional maturities up to ten years available on this contract  Euronext further meets the needs of its long-term investors for more capital efficiency.Euronext 2023 financial calendarFull-year 2022 results: Release on Thursday 9 February 2023  after market closing Analysts conference on Friday 10 February 2023  at 9.00am (CET) Quiet period from 20 January to 9 February 2023Q1 2023 results: Release on Tuesday 16 May 2023  after market closing Analysts conference on Wednesday 17 May 2023  at 9.00am (CEST) Quiet period from 26 April to 16 May 2023Annual General Meeting of Shareholders: Wednesday 17 May 2023  at 10.30am (CEST)Q2 2023 results: Release on Thursday 27 July 2023  after market closing Analysts conference on Friday 28 July 2023  at 9.00am (CEST) Quiet period from 10 July to 27 July 2023Q3 2023 results: Release on Wednesday 8 November 2023  after market closing Analysts conference on Thursday 9 November 2023  at 9.00am (CET) Quiet period from 19 October to 8 November 2023AgendaA conference call and a webcast will be held on 4 November 2022  at 09.00am CET (Paris time) / 08.00am GMT (London time):Conference call:To connect to the conference call  please dial:UK Number: +44 33 0551 0200 NO Number: +47 2 156 3318 FR Number: +33 1 70 37 71 66 PT Number: +351 3 0880 2081 NL Number: +31 20 708 5073 IR Number: +353 1 436 0959 US Number: +1 212 999 6659 IT Number: +39 06 8336 0400 BE Number: +32 2 789 8603 DE Number: +49 30 3001 90612Password: EuronextLive webcast:For the live audio webcast go to: Euronext Results webcastThe webcast will be available for replay after the call will be available at the webcast link and on the Euronext Investor Relations webpage.CONTACT ANALYSTS & INVESTORS – ir@euronext.com Aurélie Cohen +33 1 70 48 24 27 ir@euronext.com Clément Kubiak +33 1 70 48 26 33 ir@euronext.comCONTACTS MEDIA – mediateam@euronext.com Aurélie Cohen (Europe) +33 1 70 48 24 45 parispressoffice@euronext.com Marianne Aalders (Amsterdam) +31 20 721 41 33 maalders@euronext.com Pascal Brabant (Brussels) +32 2 620 15 50 pbrabant@euronext.com Sandra Machado (Lisbon) +351 210 600 614 smachado@euronext.com Andrea Monzani (Europe/Milan/Rome) +39 02 72 42 62 13 Italypressoffice@euronext.com Cathrine Lorvik Segerlund (Oslo) +47 41 69 59 10 clsegerlund@euronext.com Sarah Mound (Paris/Dublin) +33 1 70 48 24 45 parispressoffice@euronext.comAbout EuronextEuronext is the leading pan-European market infrastructure  connecting European economies to global capital markets  to accelerate innovation and sustainable growth. It operates regulated exchanges in Belgium  France  Ireland  Italy  the Netherlands  Norway and Portugal. With close to 2 000 listed issuers and around €5.7 trillion in market capitalisation as of end September 2022  it has an unmatched blue-chip franchise and a strong diverse domestic and international client base. Euronext operates regulated and transparent equity and derivatives markets  one of Europe’s leading electronic fixed income trading markets and is the largest centre for debt and funds listings in the world. Its total product offering includes Equities  FX  Exchange Traded Funds  Warrants & Certificates  Bonds  Derivatives  Commodities and Indices. The Group provides a multi-asset clearing house through Euronext Clearing  and custody and settlement services through Euronext Securities central securities depositories in Denmark  Italy  Norway and Portugal. Euronext also leverages its expertise in running markets by providing technology and managed services to third parties. In addition to its main regulated market  it also operates a number of junior markets  simplifying access to listing for SMEs.For the latest news  go to euronext.com or follow us on Twitter ( twitter.com/ euronext ) and LinkedIn ( linkedin.com/ euronex t ).DisclaimerThis press release is for information purposes only: it is not a recommendation to engage in investment activities and is provided “as is”  without representation or warranty of any kind. While all reasonable care has been taken to ensure the accuracy of the content  Euronext does not guarantee its accuracy or completeness. Euronext will not be held liable for any loss or damages of any nature ensuing from using  trusting or acting on information provided. No information set out or referred to in this publication may be regarded as creating any right or obligation. The creation of rights and obligations in respect of financial products that are traded on the exchanges operated by Euronext’s subsidiaries shall depend solely on the applicable rules of the market operator. All proprietary rights and interest in or connected with this publication shall vest in Euronext. This press release speaks only as of this date. Euronext refers to Euronext N.V. and its affiliates. Information regarding trademarks and intellectual property rights of Euronext is available at www.euronext.com/terms-use.© 2022  Euronext N.V. - All rights reserved.The Euronext Group processes your personal data in order to provide you with information about Euronext (the ""Purpose""). With regard to the processing of this personal data  Euronext will comply with its obligations under Regulation (EU) 2016/679 of the European Parliament and Council of 27 April 2016 (General Data Protection Regulation  “GDPR”)  and any applicable national laws  rules and regulations implementing the GDPR  as provided in its privacy statement available at: www.euronext.com/privacy-policy. In accordance with the applicable legislation you have rights with regard to the processing of your personal data: for more information on your rights  please refer to: www.euronext.com/data_subjects_rights_request_information. To make a request regarding the processing of your data or to unsubscribe from this press release service  please use our data subject request form at connect2.euronext.com/form/data-subjects-rights-request or email our Data Protection Officer at dpo@euronext.com.AppendixAdjustments in financial disclosureTo highlight its underlying performance  since Q1 2022  Euronext is publishing underlying recurring costs  adjusted EBITDA and non-recurring costs.Euronext has removed the exceptional items line from its financial statements. Consequently  costs previously reported as exceptional items have from Q1 2022 been included into their respective lines within Euronext operating expenses as non-recurring items.The €150 million of implementation costs to deliver on the ‘Growth for Impact 2024’ strategic plan targets are therefore considered as non-recurring items and will be withdrawn from Q1 2022 from underlying recurring costs.The computation of adjusted net income and earnings per share has been adjusted accordingly. The computation of reported net income and earnings per share are not impacted.2024 strategic plan targets remain unchanged and are not affected by this change in reporting.The new non-IFRS indicators are defined below.Non-IFRS financial measuresFor comparative purposes  the company provides unaudited non-IFRS measures including:Operational expenses excluding depreciation and amortisation  underlying operational expenses excluding depreciation and amortisation;EBITDA  EBITDA margin  adjusted EBITDA  adjusted EBITDA margin.Non-IFRS measures are defined as follows:Operational expenses excluding depreciation and amortisation as the total of salary and employee benefits  and other operational expenses;Underlying operational expenses excluding depreciation and amortisation as the total of salary and employee benefits  and other operational expenses  excluding non-recurring costs;Underlying revenue and income as the total of revenue and income  excluding non-recurring revenue and income;Non-underlying items as items of revenue  income and expense that are material by their size and/or that are infrequent and unusual by their nature or incidence are not considered to be recurring in the normal course of business and are classified as non-underlying items on the face of the income statement within their relevant category in order to provide further understanding of the ongoing sustainable performance of the Group;Adjusted operating profit as the operating profit adjusted for any non-underlying revenue and income and non-underlying costs  including PPA of acquired businesses;EBITDA as the operating profit before depreciation and amortisation;Adjusted EBITDA as the adjusted operating profit before depreciation and amortisation adjusted for any non-underlying operational expenses excluding depreciation and amortisation;EBITDA margin as EBITDA divided by total revenue and income;Adjusted EBITDA margin as adjusted EBITDA  divided by total revenue and income;Adjusted net income  as the net income  share of the parent company shareholders  adjusted for any non-underlying items and related tax impact.Non-IFRS financial measures are not meant to be considered in isolation or as a substitute for comparable IFRS measures and should be read only in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements.Non-volume related revenue definitionNon-volume related revenue includes Listing excl. IPOs  Advanced Data Services  Custody Settlement and other post-trade  fixed revenue from the Clearing activities (including for instance NTI and membership fees)  Investor Services  Technology Solutions  Other Income and Transitional Revenue.Adjusted EPS definitionin €m unless stated otherwise Q3 2022 Q3 2021 Net income reported 75.8 115.8 EPS reported (€ per share) 0.71 1.08 Adjustments of which Revenues and income (48.9) - of which Operating expenses excluding D&A (2.6) (7.5) of which Depreciation and amortisation (22.7) (20.7) of which Net financing expense 0.1 - of which Results from equity investments (0.0) - of which Non-controlling interest 0.2 0.1 Tax related to those items 20.3 7.0 Net income adjusted 129.5 137.0 EPS adjusted (€ per share) 1.21 1.25The figures in this document have not been audited or reviewed by our external auditorConsolidated income statementQ3 2022 Q3 2021 in € million  unless stated otherwise Underlying Non-underlying Reported Underlying Non-underlying Reported Revenue and income 350.3 (48.9) 301.4 350.6 - 350.6 Listing 54.0 - 54.0 50.8 - 50.8 Trading revenue  of which 117.8 - 117.8 124.2 - 124.2 Cash trading 67.3 - 67.3 75.0 - 75.0 Derivatives trading 14.0 - 14.0 13.5 - 13.5 Fixed income trading 21.4 - 21.4 23.8 - 23.8 FX trading 7.3 - 7.3 5.6 - 5.6 Power Trading 7.8 - 7.8 6.3 - 6.3 Investor services 2.5 - 2.5 2.1 - 2.1 Advanced data services 53.0 - 53.0 49.8 - 49.8 Post-trade  of which 86.2 - 86.2 83.1 - 83.1 Clearing 29.1 - 29.1 27.5 - 27.5 Custody & Settlement and other 57.1 - 57.1 55.6 - 55.6 Euronext Technology Solutions & other revenue 26.0 (0.0) 26.0 24.4 - 24.4 Net Financing Income through CCP business 10.7 (49.0) (38.3) 12.9 - 12.9 Other income (0.5) - (0.5) 0.8 - 0.8 Transitional revenues 0.6 - 0.6 2.3 - 2.3 Operating expenses excluding D&A (150.4) (2.6) (153.0) (141.5) (7.5) (149.0) Salaries and employee benefits (75.4) (1.7) (77.0) (72.9) (0.1) (73.0) Other operational expenses  of which (75.0) (1.0) (76.0) (68.6) (7.4) (76.0) System & communication (29.9) (1.5) (31.4) (25.6) (0.3) (25.9) Professional services (13.4) 0.6 (12.8) (16.5) (6.7) (23.2) Clearing expense (8.8) - (8.8) (8.2) - (8.2) Accommodation (3.4) (0.0) (3.4) (2.6) (0.0) (2.6) Other operational expenses (19.5) (0.0) (19.5) (15.6) (0.4) (16.1) EBITDA 199.9 (51.7) 148.3 209.1 (7.5) 201.6 EBITDA margin 57.1% 49.2% 59.6% 57.5% Depreciation & amortisation (16.1) (22.7) (38.8) (17.8) (20.7) (38.5) Total expenses (166.5) (25.4) (191.9) (159.3) (28.2) (187.5) Operating profit 183.8 (74.3) 109.5 191.3 (28.2) 163.1 Net financing income / (expense) (4.7) 0.1 (4.6) (7.3) - (7.3) Results from equity investment 1.7 (0.0) 1.7 11.8 - 11.8 Profit before income tax 180.8 (74.2) 106.6 195.8 (28.2) 167.6 Income tax expense (48.2) 20.3 (27.9) (55.5) 7.0 (48.5) Non-controlling interests (3.1) 0.2 (2.9) (3.3) 0.1 (3.2) Net income  share of the parent company shareholders 129.5 (53.6) 75.8 137.0 (21.1) 115.8 EPS (basic  in €) 1.21 0.71 1.25 1.08 EPS (diluted  in €) 1.21 0.71 1.25 1.08The figures in this document have not been audited or reviewed by our external auditorConsolidated comprehensive income statementQ3 2022 Q3 2021 Profit for the period 78.7 119.0 Other comprehensive income Items that may be reclassified to profit or loss: – Exchange differences on translation of foreign operations (14.8) 10.2 – Income tax impact on exchange differences on translation of foreign operations 1.4 (1.2) – Change in value of debt investments at fair value through other comprehensive income (10.0) (2.2) – Realisation of fair value changes upon disposal of debt investments 49.0 - – Income tax impact on change in value of debt investments at fair value throughother comprehensive income (11.2) 0.6 Items that will not be reclassified to profit or loss: – Change in value of equity investments at fair value through other comprehensive income - 0.0 – Income tax impact on change in value of equity investments at fair value throughother comprehensive income - (0.0) – Income tax impact on remeasurements of post-employment benefit obligations - 0.0 Other comprehensive income for the period  net of tax 14.3 7.5 Total comprehensive income for the period 93.0 126.6 Comprehensive income attributable to: – Owners of the parent 90.0 123.2 – Non-controlling interests 3.0 3.4The figures in this document have not been audited or reviewed by our external auditorConsolidated balance sheetin € million 30 September 2022 30 June 2022 Non-current assets Property  plant and equipment 103.5 103.8 Right-of-use assets 48.0 53.2 Goodwill and other intangible assets 6 125.0 6 145.1 Deferred income tax assets 38.5 49.8 Investments in associates and joint ventures 68.6 67.0 Financial assets at fair value through OCI 290.8 291.6 Other non-current assets 8.4 9.3 Total non-current assets 6 682.8 6 719.7 Current assets Trade and other receivables 415.9 583.7 Income tax receivable 15.4 15.6 Derivative financial instruments 0.2 0.1 CCP clearing business assets 157 608.6 168 663.0 Other current financial assets 139.3 142.6 Cash & cash equivalents 1 212.9 946.6 Total current assets 159 392.4 170 351.6 Assets from disposal groups held for sale 4.9 4.7 Total assets 166 080.1 177 076.0 Equity Shareholders' equity 3 789.1 3 697.6 Non-controlling interests 85.7 82.9 Total Equity 3 874.8 3 780.6 Non-current liabilities Borrowings 3 026.0 3 024.9 Lease liabilities 27.5 33.4 Deferred income tax liabilities 577.2 584.6 Post-employment benefits 21.1 20.7 Contract liabilities 66.7 68.9 Other provisions 7.8 7.8 Total Non-current liabilities 3 726.3 3 740.2 Current liabilities Borrowings 10.4 3.4 Lease liabilities 25.1 24.5 CCP clearing business liabilities 157 570.7 168 696.5 Income tax payable 45.5 41.9 Trade and other payables 728.8 675.1 Contract liabilities 97.2 112.0 Other provisions 0.4 1.0 Total Current liabilities 158 478.1 169 554.5 Liabilities from disposal groups held for sale 0.9 0.7 Total equity and liabilities 166 080.1 177 076.0The consolidated Balance Sheet includes the Euronext Clearing (CC&G) business assets and liabilitiesThe figures in this document have not been audited or reviewed by our external auditorConsolidated statement of cash flowsin € million Q3 2022 Q3 2021 Profit before tax 106.6 167.6 Adjustments for: - Depreciation and amortisation 38.8 38.5 - Share based payments 2.6 2.5 - Share of profit from associates and joint ventures (1.7) (2.6) - Changes in working capital 200.6 34.4 Cash flow from operating activities 346.9 240.4 Income tax paid (28.8) (26.9) Net cash flows from operating activities 318.1 213.5 Cash flow from investing activities Acquisition of subsidiaries  net of cash acquired (0.0) (12.6) Proceeds from sale of subsidiary 0.1 - Purchase of current financial assets (15.0) (2.2) Redemption of current financial assets 16.5 0.1 Purchase of property  plant and equipment (5.5) (13.6) Purchase of intangible assets (22.5) (8.1) Proceeds from sale of property  plant  equipment and intangible assets - 0.0 Dividends received from equity investments - 9.2 Dividends received from associates 0.0 6.7 Net cash flow from investing activities (26.3) (20.7) Cash flow from financing activities Proceeds from borrowings  net of transaction fees - (1.1) Interest paid (0.6) (0.4) Interest received 0.2 - Issuance new shares  net of transaction fees - (0.4) Payment of lease liabilities (5.5) (7.6) Acquisitions of own shares (1.0) (0.1) Employee Share transactions (0.1) 0.0 Dividends paid to the company’s shareholders 0.0 - Dividends paid to non-controlling interests (2.4) (4.3) Net cash flow from financing activities (9.3) (13.8) Total cash flow over the period 282.5 179.0 Cash and cash equivalents - Beginning of period 949.1 620.5 Non cash exchange gains/(losses) on cash and cash equivalents (16.6) 3.0 Cash and cash equivalents - End of period 1 215.0 802.5Cash and cash equivalents – End of period also include the cash included in the assets hald for sale in the balance sheetThe figures in this document have not been audited or reviewed by our external auditorLast twelve months income statementFor informative purpose only  the financial information provided below have not been audited or reviewed by our external auditorin € million Q4 2021 Reported Q1 2022 Reported Q2 2022 Reported Q3 2022 Reported Last 12 months Revenue and income 370.1 395.7 374.7 301.4 1 441.9 Listing 51.9 55.4 55.4 54.0 216.8 Trading Revenue of which Cash trading 79.3 94.0 75.3 67.3 315.9 of which Derivatives trading 14.2 16.1 14.9 14.0 59.2 of which Fixed income trading 24.2 24.4 24.9 21.4 95.0 of which FX spot trading 6.1 7.2 7.3 7.3 27.8 of which Power trading 8.5 9.1 6.9 7.8 32.3 Investor Services 2.3 2.2 2.3 2.5 9.3 Advanced Data Services 50.7 52.6 52.0 53.0 208.3 Post trade of which Clearing 30.1 31.9 31.4 29.1 122.6 of which Settlement & Custody 60.7 63.9 62.5 57.1 244.3 Market solutions & other revenues 26.4 23.1 24.1 26.0 99.6 Net treasury income through CCP Business 12.9 13.4 15.7 (38.3) 3.7 Other income 0.6 0.7 1.0 (0.5) 1.9 Transitional revenue 2.0 1.7 0.9 0.6 5.3 Operating expenses excluding D&A (170.6) (149.1) (161.1) (153.0) (633.8)Underlying operating expenses excluding D&A (156.6) (143.6) (153.0) (150.4) (603.6) Adjusted EBITDA 213.4 252.2 221.7 199.9 887.2Adjusted EBITDA margin 57.7% 63.7% 59.2% 57.1% 59.4% EBITDA 199.5 246.7 213.6 148.3 808.1 D&A (48.9) (40.2) (38.5) (38.8) (166.4)Total expenses (219.4) (189.3) (199.6) (191.9) (800.2)Operating profit 150.6 206.4 175.1 109.5 641.7Adjusted operating profit 194.1 233.7 206.9 183.8 818.5Net financing income/(expense) (6.7) (9.9) (9.1) (4.6) (30.3) Results from Equity investments 7.3 3.1 1.2 1.7 13.4 Income tax (35.7) (52.0) (45.2) (27.9) (160.8)Tax rate 23.6% 26.1% 27.1% 26.2% 25.7%Non-controlling interests (2.9) (3.8) (3.1) (2.9) (12.7)Reported net income  share of the parent company shareholders 112.7 143.8 118.9 75.8 451.2 Adjusted net income  share of the parent company shareholders 144.6 164.4 143.2 129.5 581.7Volumes for the second quarter of 2022Cash marketsQ3 2022 Q3 2021 %var Number of trading days 66 66 Number of transactions (buy and sells  inc. reported trades) Total Cash Market 189 358 000 210 289 226 -10.0% ADV Cash Market 2 869 061 3 186 200 -10.0% Transaction value ( € million  single counted) Total Cash Market 633 536 716 794 -11.6% ADV Cash Market 9 599 10 861 -11.6% Listings Number of Issuers on Equities Euronext 1 943 1 918 +1.3% SMEs 1 561 1 488 +4.9% Number of Listed Securities Funds 2 847 3 116 -8.6% ETFs 3 759 3 260 +15.3% Bonds 52 712 52 180 +1.0% Capital raised on primary and secondary market Total Euronext  in €m Number of new equity listings 18 51 Money Raised - New equity listings (incl over allotment) 144 5 286 -97.3% Money Raised - Follow-ons on equities 4 766 37 723 -87.4% Money Raised - Bonds 172 750 336 154 -48.6% Total Money Raised 177 660 379 163 -53.1% of which SMEs Number of new equity listings 17 46 Money Raised - New equity listings (incl over allotment) 144 1 757 -91.8% Money Raised - Follow-ons on equities 1 879 2 102 -10.6% Money Raised - Bonds 169 691 -75.5% Total Money Raised 2 192 4 550 -51.8%Fixed income marketsQ3 2022 Q3 2021 % var Transaction value (€ million  single counted) MTS ADV MTS Cash 15 430 23 388 -34.0% TAADV MTS Repo 323 200 281 898 +14.7% Other fixed income ADV Fixed income 787 673 +16.9%FX marketsQ3 2022 Q3 2021 % var Number of trading days 66 66 FX volume ($m  single counted) Total Euronext FX 1 435 005 1 155 586 +24.2% ADV Euronext FX 21 743 17 509 +24.2%Power marketsQ3 2022 Q3 2021 % var Number of trading days 92 92 Power volume (in TWh) ADV Day-ahead Power Market 2.39 2.02 +18.5% ADV Intraday Power Market 0.10 0.06 +76.8%Derivatives marketsQ3 2022 Q3 2021 % var Number of trading days 66 66 Derivatives Volume (in lots) Equity 33 909 567 38 523 610 -12.0% Index 15 839 216 14 597 938 +8.5% Futures 10 352 237 9 865 105 +4.9% Options 5 486 979 4 732 833 +15.9% Individual Equity 18 070 351 23 925 672 -24.5% Futures 843 039 4 344 430 -80.6% Options 17 227 312 19 581 242 -12.0% Commodity 5 574 098 5 467 861 +1.9% Futures 4 883 356 4 848 475 +0.7% Options 690 742 619 386 +11.5% Total Euronext 39 483 665 43 991 471 -10.2% Total Futures 16 078 632 19 058 010 -15.6% Total Options 23 405 033 24 933 461 -6.1% Derivatives ADV (in lots) Equity 513 781 583 691 -12.0% Index 239 988 221 181 +8.5% Futures 156 852 149 471 +4.9% Options 83 136 71 710 +15.9% Individual Equity 273 793 362 510 -24.5% Futures 12 773 65 825 -80.6% Options 261 020 296 685 -12.0% Commodity 84 456 82 846 1.9% Futures 73 990 73 462 +0.7% Options 10 466 9 385 +11.5% Total Euronext 598 237 666 537 -2.6% Total Futures 243 616 288 758 -9.6% Total Options 354 622 377 780 +2.7%Derivatives open interest30 September 2022 30 September 2021 % var Open interest (in lots) Equity 26 554 341 23 391 581 13.5% Index 1 460 076 1 692 347 -13.72% Futures 640 765 785 129 -18.39% Options 819 311 907 218 -9.69% Individual Equity 25 094 265 21 699 234 15.65% Futures 581 797 1 915 961 -69.63% Options 24 512 468 19 783 273 23.91% Commodity 1 130 938 1 112 965 1.61% Futures 665 792 717 774 -7.24% Options 465 146 395 191 17.70% Total Euronext 27 685 279 24 504 546 12.98% Total Futures 1 888 354 3 418 864 -44.77% Total Options 25 796 925 21 085 682 22.34%1 Underlying revenue excludes €49.0 million non-underlying  one-off loss (€35 million post tax) related to the partial disposal of the Euronext Clearing portfolio. Please refer to the section on net treasury income section and https://www.euronext.com/en/investor-relations/financial-calendar/q2-2022-results for more details.2 Unless specified otherwise  percentages refer to Q3 2022 compared to Q3 2021.3 Definition in appendix – Adjusted for non-underlying operating expenses excluding D&A and non-underlying revenue and income.4 Definition in appendix.5 Basic weighted average number of shares at 106 652 256 for 9M 2022  9M 2021 basic outstanding shares at 92 447 841 shares.6 Like-for-like revenue at constant currencies for 2021 and 2022 excludes Euronext Funds360 and the activities acquired from Spafid by Euronext Securities  as well as related costs.7 Last twelve months reported EBITDA  including costs previously reported as exceptional items8 For the total adjustments performed please refer to the appendix of this press release9 For more details on the partial disposal of the portfolio  see Net treasury income section of this press release and the announcement of the portfolio re-allocation in the Q2 2022 results press release: https://www.euronext.com/en/investor-relations/financial-information/regulated-information-and-investor-news/euronext-212.10 Please refer to the Net treasury income section and https://www.euronext.com/en/investor-relations/financial-calendar/q2-2022-results for more details.11 Admission fees are recognised over a period of 3-5 years according to the principles of IFRS 15.12 According to FESE (Federation of European Securities Exchanges).Figures for money raised figures have been restated1 Source of the EBBO presence: BMLL14 In July 2022  Euronext Clearing reduced its investment portfolio with the aim of strengthening and preserving its available regulatory capital and aligning the investment strategy to the current level of market volatility and uncertainty. Euronext Clearing disposed of its portfolio maturing after 1st May 2023 and retained its short-term portfolio maturing through April 2023 and hold these to maturity. At the beginning of Q2 2023  Euronext Clearing will no longer hold an outright portfolio. Please refer to https://www.euronext.com/en/investor-relations/financial-calendar/q2-2022-results for more details.15 Pending regulatory approval16 Exchanges currently include Bitstamp  Bitfinex  BitFlyer  Bittrex  BinanceUS  Coinbase  Gemini  ItBit  Kraken  Lmax and Okcoin17 www.euronext.com/for-investors/financial-derivatives/total-return-futuresAttachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.2,0.38,0.42,True,English,"['Q3 2022 results', 'Euronext', 'Contacts Media Contact Investor Relations', 'new Euronext Tech Leaders segment', 'diversified Euronext Securities business model', '€0.3 million run-rate annual synergies', 'cumulated run-rate annual synergies', 'non -volume related business', 'leading pan-European market infrastructure', 'Italian capital market ecosystem', 'Borsa Italiana cash markets', 'Advanced Data Services revenue', 'Borsa Italiana Group acquisition', 'diversified business model', 'Euronext second quarter 2022 results', 'tough market conditions', 'Four new companies', 'MTS Cash volumes', 'efficient yield management', '18 new equity listings', 'parent company shareholders', 'cumulated implementation costs', 'lower cash equity', 'Non-volume related revenue', 'new listing framework', 'normalising settlement environment', 'Net financing expenses', 'Income tax rate', 'continued cost disciplin', 'underlying operating expenses', 'Euronext Clearing portfolio', 'Net treasury income', 'Q3 2022 underlying revenue', 'targeted synergies', 'leading venue', 'Italian issuers', 'underlying costs', 'Solid quarter', 'third quarter', 'Settlement revenue', 'inflationary environment', 'equity investments', 'operational expenses', 'Clearing revenue', 'Net debt', 'Continued delivery', 'Continued advancement', 'Listing revenue', 'cost discipline', '2022 cost guidance', 'debt listing', 'net income', 'Trading revenue', 'Post-trade revenue', 'strong performance', 'D&A', 'strong quarters', 'power trading', 'growing bonds', 'pre-tax loss', 'partial disposal', 'one-off loss', 'Key figures', 'two periods', 'global standards', 'first phase', 'share count', 'EBITDA margin', 'Q3 2022 results', 'Amsterdam', 'Brussels', 'Dublin', 'Lisbon', 'Milan', 'Oslo', 'Paris', '3 November', 'FX', 'derivatives', 'Custody', 'activity', 'resilience', 'launch', 'June', 'offering', 'Story', 'EPS', 'var', 'income1', 'end', 'September', 'integration', 'Italy', 'harmonisation', 'migration', 'Optiq ®', 'March', '70', '2.6', '26.2', '4']",2022-11-03,2022-11-03,finance.yahoo.com
12540,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/aspo-group-interim-report-january-073000027.html,Aspo Group interim report  January 1 to September 30  2022: Strong financial performance continued; Q3 comparable operating profit at EUR 13.0 million  net sales up by 8%,Aspo Plc Interim report November 2  2022  at 9:30 amAspo Group interim report  January 1 to September 30  2022 Strong financial performance continued: Q3...,Aspo OyjAspo PlcInterim reportNovember 2  2022  at 9:30 amAspo Group interim report  January 1 to September 30  2022Strong financial performance continued: Q3 comparable operating profit at EUR 13.0 million  net sales up by 8 %Figures from the corresponding period in 2021 are presented in brackets.July–September 2022  Group totalAspo’s net sales increased by 8% to EUR 160.1 (148.0) million.Comparable operating profit was EUR 13.0 (11.0) million  and the comparable operating profit rate was 8.1% (7.4%).The comparable operating profit of ESL Shipping was EUR 9.7 (7.1) million  Telko EUR 3.7 (5.9) million  and Leipurin EUR 0.6 (0.6) million.Items affecting the comparability of operating profit totaled EUR -0.7 million.Operating profit from continuing operations was EUR 12.5 (10.8) million. The operating profit rate from continuing operations was 7.9% (7.5%).The operating profit of ESL Shipping was EUR 9.7 (7.1) million  Telko EUR 4.2 (5.9) million  and Leipurin EUR -0.5 (0.6) million.Earnings per share increased to EUR 0.30 (0.16).Net cash from operating activities was EUR 11.4 (11.1) million. Free cash flow was EUR -9.7 (7.2) million.January–September 2022  Group totalAspo’s net sales increased by 15% to EUR 488.0 (423.2) million.Comparable operating profit was EUR 44.0 (28.5) million  and the comparable operating profit rate was 9.0% (6.7%).The comparable operating profit of ESL Shipping was EUR 26.8 (17.0) million  Telko EUR 19.5 (16.0) million  and Leipurin EUR 2.2 (1.2) million.Items affecting the comparability of operating profit totaled EUR -8.0 million.Operating profit from continuing operations was EUR 37.6 (28.2) million. The operating profit rate from continuing operations was 7.8% (6.8%).The operating profit of ESL Shipping was EUR 27.9 (17.0) million  Telko EUR 15.0 (16.0) million  and Leipurin EUR -0.5 (1.2) million.Earnings per share increased to EUR 0.82 (0.59).Net cash from operating activities was EUR 45.7 (33.3) million. Free cash flow was EUR 17.9 (23.4) million.Story continuesGuidance for 2022  issued on October 17  2022Aspo Group's comparable operating profit will be EUR 52–57 (EUR 42.4) million in 2022.Key figures 7-9/2022 7-9/2021 1-9/2022 1-9/2021 1-12/2021 Net sales  Group total  MEUR 160.1 148.0 488.0 423.2 586.4 Net sales from continuing operations  MEUR 157.8 144.6 479.6 413.3 573.3 ESL Shipping  operating profit  MEUR 9.7 7.1 27.9 17.0 26.8 Telko  operating profit  MEUR 4.2 5.9 15.0 16.0 20.4 Leipurin  operating profit  MEUR -0.5 0.6 -0.5 1.2 -2.4 Other operations  operating profit  MEUR -0.9 -2.8 -4.8 -6.0 -7.9 Operating profit from continuing operations  MEUR 12.5 10.8 37.6 28.2 36.9 Operating profit from continuing operations  % 7.9 7.5 7.8 6.8 6.4 Operating profit from discontinued operations  MEUR -0.2 -3.2 -1.6 -3.1 -3.0 Operating profit  Group total  MEUR 12.3 7.6 36.0 25.1 33.9 Items affecting comparability  MEUR -0.7 -3.4 -8.0 -3.4 -8.5 Comparable operating profit  Group total  MEUR 13.0 11.0 44.0 28.5 42.4 Comparable operating profit  Group total  % 8.1 7.4 9.0 6.7 7.2 Profit before taxes  MEUR 10.4 9.8 30.6 25.3 33.0 Profit for the period  MEUR 9.4 5.4 26.1 19.6 25.3 Profit from continuing operations  MEUR 9.6 8.6 27.8 22.7 28 3 Profit from discontinued operations  MEUR -0.2 -3.2 -1.7 -3.1 -3.0 Earnings per share (EPS)  EUR 0.30 0.16 0.82 0.59 0.76 EPS from continuing operations  EUR 0.30 0.26 0.87 0.69 0.86 EPS from discontinued operations  EUR 0.00 -0.10 -0.05 -0.10 -0.10 Net cash from operating activities  MEUR 11.4 11.1 45.7 33.3 44.0 Free cash flow  MEUR -9.7 7.2 17.9 23.4 27.5 Return on equity (ROE)  % 23.7 22.0 20.8 Equity ratio  % 35.8 31.8 32.0 Gearing  % 97.6 130.9 129.4 Equity per share  EUR 5.24 3.97 4.14Rolf Jansson  CEO of Aspo Group  comments on the third quarter of 2022:Aspo’s strong financial performance continued in the third quarter. Boosted by yet another record quarter of ESL Shipping and solid performance of Telko  our comparable operating profit for the quarter increased to EUR 13.0 million. Despite the expected sales drop in the Eastern market  our net sales were up 8% at EUR 160.1 million. Our comparable operating profit rate for Q3 remained strong at 8.1%  again above the target level of 8%. Overall  a great continuum to a financially successful year.We have continued making strides in our strategy execution. Leipurin’s milestone acquisition of the Swedish bakery distributor Kobia was approved by the competition authorities in the third quarter  and integration work is already underway. Kobia is included in Aspo Group’s financial reporting as of September  2022. Structural changes are negatively impacting Leipurin’s financial figures for 2022 but I am confident that the company is heading in the right direction with the renewed strategy.In September  Telko announced that it will strengthen its plastics distribution business by acquiring Johan Steenks  a Norwegian distributor of engineering plastics and plastic additives with an established customer base in the local markets. Clear evidence of Telko’s ability to execute its accelerated growth strategy.During the quarter  ESL Shipping confirmed that it will establish a long-term shipping pool for energy efficient electric hybrid vessels together with a group of institutional and private investors. The upcoming Green Coaster pool will accelerate growth  profitability and return on capital of ESL Shipping's business  and fits seamlessly to Aspo’s renewed strategy.On October 17  we announced that Telko has signed a binding framework agreement according to which it will sell the share capital of its Russian subsidiary Telko OOO to Russian industrial operator GK Himik. This is an important step  and I’m pleased that we have found a new owner for Telko's operations in Russia. This frees up time and resources to pursue further growth in western markets in accordance with our strategy. In line with what we have indicated before  the comparable operating profit of Telko Russia and Belarus was close to zero during the third quarter. Therefore  Telko’s Q3 results already give some visibility to the future financial performance of the company after the targeted exits of both Russia and Belarus have taken place. Telko's Russian business is classified as held for sale from the month of signing the agreement.Due to the excellent performance of ESL Shipping in particular  we upgraded our guidance for the full-year 2022 on October 17. We are now estimating that Aspo Group’s comparable operating profit for 2022 will be EUR 52–57 million  well above the EUR 42.4 million achieved last year. At the same time  our visibility to the overall costs related to the war in Ukraine and exiting our Russian operations  as well as other items affecting comparability has increased. As announced  the new estimate of the total items affecting comparability is approximately EUR -25 million. This estimate includes the items affecting comparability of EUR -8.0 million reported by the end of the third quarter of 2022.Our financial performance throughout the year has been solid and we remain confident on our short-term outlook. Macroeconomic uncertainty still remains and the foundations for moving into the next year differ substantially from a year ago. However  with the significant ongoing structural changes including exits from selected eastern markets and acquisitions in the western countries  we are in an excellent position to succeed in the fourth quarter 2022 and beyond. We continue our strategy execution during the coming years targeting both organic and non-organic growth especially in the western market.ASPO GROUPFinancial results and targetsOn December 1  2021  Aspo published new long-term financial targets:Net sales growth 5–10% per yearOperating profit of 8%Return on equity of over 20%Gearing less than 130%With regard to Aspo’s businesses  ESL Shipping’s operating profit target is 14%  Telko’s 8% and Leipurin’s 5%.Good financial performance continued in Q3 2022. Aspo’s net sales  at Group total level  increased by 8% in the third quarter. The comparable operating profit rate was 8.1% (7.4%)  again above the target level of 8.0%. Return on equity remained high at 23.7% (22.0%). Gearing was 97.6% (129.4%).Aspo Group’s comparable operating profit from continuing and discontinued operationsAspo Group’s comparable operating profit includes results for continuing and discontinued operations. The comparable operating profit excludes items affecting comparability  which are defined as significant  rare and deviating from normal business operations. These include for example impairment losses  sales gains from vessels  and financial losses caused by the war in Ukraine.Aspo announced in December 2021 that the Kauko business segment has been defined as Aspo’s non-core operations. The Kauko business segment has been classified as a discontinued operation in accordance with IFRS  and its results are reported separately from the figures of Aspo Group’s continuing operations. With regards to the income statement  comparative periods’ figures have been restated to correspond to the same presentation method.Net sales and operating profit margin  Group total 7-9/2022 7-9/2021 1-9/2022 1-9/2021 1-12/2021 MEUR MEUR MEUR MEUR MEUR Net sales  Group total 160.1 148.0 488.0 423.2 586.4 Net sales  continuing operations 157.8 144.6 479.6 413.3 573.3 Net sales  discontinued operations 2.3 3.4 8.4 9.9 13.1 Operating profit  Group total 12.3 7.6 36.0 25.1 33.9 Operating profit  Group total  % 7.7 5.1 7.4 5.9 5.8 Items affecting comparability*) -0.7 -3.4 -8.0 -3.4 -8.5 Comparable operating profit  Group total 13.0 11.0 44.0 28.5 42.4 Comparable operating profit  Group total  % 8.1 7.4 9.0 6.7 7.2Comparable operating profit  Group total 7-9/2022 7-9/2021 1-9/2022 1-9/2021 1-12/2021 MEUR MEUR MEUR MEUR MEUR ESL Shipping  operating profit 9.7 7.1 27.9 17.0 26.8 Telko  operating profit 4.2 5.9 15.0 16.0 20.4 Leipurin  operating profit -0.5 0.6 -0.5 1.2 -2.4 Other operations  operating profit -0.9 -2.8 -4.8 -6.0 -7.9 Operating profit from continuing operations 12.5 10.8 37.6 28.2 36.9 Operating profit from discontinued operations -0.2 -3.2 -1.6 -3.1 -3.0 Operating profit  Group total 12.3 7.6 36.0 25.1 33.9 Items affecting comparability*) -0.7 -3.4 -8.0 -3.4 -8.5 Comparable operating profit  Group total 13.0 11.0 44.0 28.5 42.4*) The items affecting comparability in the third quarter of 2022  totaling EUR -0.7 million include in the Leipurin segment costs related to the acquisition of Kobia and cost relating to the withdrawal from Russia totaling EUR -1.1 million. In the Telko segment  a positive item of EUR 0.5 million relates to the decrease of the credit loss provision in Ukraine. In addition  EUR -0.1 million restructuring costs were recognized in Other operations.The items affecting comparability in the second quarter of 2022  totaling EUR -2.4 million included costs related to restructuring of Russia-related operations of EUR -0.2 million for ESL Shipping  EUR -0.4 million for Telko  EUR -0.1 million for Leipurin  the impact of the divestment of Vulganus of EUR -0.4 million for Leipurin  as well as the impairment loss of EUR -1.3 million on Kauko’s goodwill  which is reported as part of the results of the discontinued operations.The items affecting comparability in the first quarter of 2022  totaling EUR -4.9 million  consisted of EUR 1.5 million in sales gains from ESL Shipping barge Espa  ESL Shipping’s cost provisions of approximately EUR -0.2 million related to the war in Ukraine  EUR -2.6 million in losses from the destruction of Telko’s warehouse in Ukraine  a credit loss provision of EUR -2.0 million associated with Telko’s accounts receivables in Ukraine  EUR -0.7 million in losses from the destruction of Leipurin’s warehouse in Ukraine  a credit loss provision of EUR -0.2 million associated with Leipurin’s accounts receivable in Ukraine  and EUR -0.2 million in Leipurin’s other restructuring expenses in Russia. The operating result of other operations included the share-based payment of EUR -0.5 million granted to Aspo’s previous CEO.The items affecting comparability of 2021  totaling EUR -8.5 million  included the impairment loss of EUR -4.3 million recognized on Leipurin’s goodwill during the final quarter  and the impairment loss and restoration provision of EUR -0.8 million recognized on the fixed assets of Telko’s terminal in Rauma  as well as the impairment loss of EUR -3.4 million recognized on Kauko’s goodwill during the third quarter  which is reported as part of the results of the discontinued operations.SustainabilitySustainability is an instrumental factor in guiding management of Aspo and in particular its investments. Aspo’s businesses aim to be forerunners in sustainability in their respective sectors. To support the sustainability commitments  Aspo published new environmental  social and corporate governance (ESG) targets for the Group and its businesses in December 2021. The key goal is to reduce emission intensity  CO2 (tn) per net sales (EUR thousand)  by 30% by 2025. The starting point (2020) was 0.44  while the target level (2025) is 0.30. With regards to the green transition in shipping  ESL Shipping is in close  long-term project cooperation with leading energy suppliers to provide fossil-free sea transportation to its key customers in the future.During the past 12 months  the emission intensity continued to improve  driven by net sales growth in combination with operational efficiency  and it was 0.34 (12/2021: 0.42). Another key target is to improve safety  and during the past 12 months  TRI (Total Recordable Injury Frequency) was 7.8 (12/2021: 8.8)  while the target for 2022 is 7.0. The long-term goal is zero occupational accidents.Operating environment and the impact of the war in Ukraine on Aspo’s operationsAspo’s operating environment has changed dramatically during 2022 due to Russia’s armed invasion of Ukraine. The invasion has caused a lot of uncertainty in the market  price inflation and in particular higher energy prices  as well as significant volatility in prices and exchange rates. Disturbances in logistic flows and poor availability of certain products are also evident in the market.Suspended business operations in Ukraine due to the war have caused financial losses. The war drastically weakens operating conditions in Eastern markets as a result of operational challenges and regulations  but particularly based on values.All of ESL Shipping's operations in Russia have been suspended and the ship capacity has been transferred to other traffic areas. As announced on October 17  Aspo Group’s subsidiary Telko has signed a binding framework agreement according to which it will sell the share capital of its Russian subsidiary Telko OOO to Russian industrial operator GK Himik. As previously announced  Telko will also exit Belarus. This process is still ongoing. Leipurin has decided to withdraw from its operations in Russia  Belarus and Kazakhstan. The process is proceeding as planned and more details on the timetable and methods of implementation will be announced in due course. Telko’s and Leipurin’s combined net sales in these countries accounted for approximately 16% of Aspo Group's net sales in 2021.The net sales of Leipurin Russia  Belarus and Kazakhstan amounted to EUR 26.3 million in year 2021 which accounted for 23% of Leipurin’s total net sales in 2021 and 4% of the net sales of Aspo Group. The net sales of Telko Russia and Belarus amounted to EUR 69.9 million in year 2021 which accounted for 26% of Telko’s total net sales in 2021 and 12% of the net sales of Aspo Group.The international sanctions and Russia’s legislative measures prevent transportation of goods and transfer of payments  reducing net sales and profitability of our Russian operations. The operating environment is expected to become even more challenging  and no rapid solution is in sight.The equity of Russian Group companies is EUR 25.1 million  corresponding to 15.3% of Aspo Group’s total equity. Aspo’s assets in Russia are mainly consisting of cash  inventories and trade receivables. The number of employees working for Aspo companies in Russia is decreasing  amounting to 114 employees at the end of September (12/2021: 193).Increasing interest rates and inflation  combined with declining general economic forecasts  have impacted consumers’ buying patterns  including by shifting consumption from higher priced to lower priced products.In media  the coronavirus pandemic has been overshadowed by Russia’s invasion of Ukraine  but its impact is still present in the operating environment. For example  global shortage of components  caused by the pandemic  has an impact on Aspo’s businesses  decelerating trading and the completion of orders. The risk of infections must still be taken into account in daily operations and especially among crew members of ESL Shipping’s vessels.Net sales by market area  continuing operations 7-9/2022 7-9/2021 Change 1-9/2022 1-9/2021 Change in share in share MEUR MEUR % MEUR MEUR % Finland 57.0 44.6 5.3 165.8 129.8 3.2 Scandinavia 38.1 24.8 7.0 99.0 77.2 2.0 Baltic countries 16.4 13.4 1.1 49.6 38.8 1.0 Russia  other CIS countries and Ukraine 24.6 39.6 -11.8 96.6 111.3 -6.8 Other countries 21.7 22.2 -1.6 68.6 56.2 0.7 Total 157.8 144.6 479.6 413.3The Group’s main market areas are Finland  Scandinavia  the Baltic region  and eastern markets (Russia  other CIS countries  and Ukraine). The relative share of net sales in eastern markets continued to decrease during the third quarter of 2022  mainly due to the war in Ukraine and the decision to reduce operations in Russia and Belarus  and ultimately exit the market. On the positive side  particularly Telko’s sales in Ukraine have picked up during the past months  although they are still not on the same level as during the previous year. According to the previously announced strategy  the company will channel its growth investments into western markets.Cash flow and financingThe Group’s cash flow from operating activities in January–September was EUR 45.7 (33.3) million. The impact of the change in working capital on cash flow during the review period was EUR -5.8 (-12.6) million. The increase in working capital derives mainly from ESL Shipping and is partly offset by the improved working capital of Telko. The advance payments for the Green Coasters to be sold further are one root cause for the increase in ESL Shipping’s inventory balance. Free cash flow during January-September was EUR 17.9 (23.4) million. Investments of EUR -15.2 (-11.1) million mainly consisted of docking of ESL Shipping’s vessels and Green Coaster advance payments. In addition  the free cash flow includes the cash flow relating to the acquisition of Kobia and Mentum of EUR -15.6 million  and the cash inflow from the sale of Espa and Vulganus of EUR 3.0 million in total.9/2022 9/2021 12/2021 MEUR MEUR MEUR Interest-bearing liabilities  incl. lease liabilities 204.0 186.1 185.1 Cash and cash equivalents 43.7 23.7 17.7 Net interest-bearing debt 160.3 162.4 167.4Net interest-bearing debt decreased to EUR 160.3 million (12/2021: EUR 167.4)  and gearing fell to 97.6% (9/2021: 130.9%; 12/2021: 129.4%). The Group’s equity ratio at the end of the review period was 35.8% (9/2021: 31.8%; 12/2021: 32.0%). The balance sheet was strengthened as a result of improved profitability and a new hybrid bond issued in June.Net financial expenses in January–September totaled EUR -7.0 (-2.9) million. Exchange rate fluctuations  particularly strengthening of the Russian rouble  increased in financial expenses by EUR -4.0 million. The average rate of interest-bearing liabilities  excluding lease liabilities  was 1.8% (1.6%).The Group’s liquidity position remained strong. Cash and cash equivalents were EUR 43.7 million at the end of the review period (12/2021: EUR 17.7 million). Committed revolving credit facilities  totaling EUR 40.0 million  were fully unused  as in the comparative period. Aspo’s EUR 80 million commercial paper program was also fully unused (9/2021: EUR 5 million; 12/2021: EUR 5 million).During the quarter  Aspo continued extending the maturity structure of interest-bearing liabilities. In September  AtoBatC Shipping signed EUR 32.2 million loan agreement with Svenska Skeppshypotek. The maturity of this loan is 15 years. Together with the EUR 20 million  10-year loan agreement signed with Nordic Investment Bank in June  these loans complete the financing of ESL Shipping’s investment in a series of six new  highly energy-efficient electric hybrid 5 350 dwt vessels  a project first announced in September 2021. In addition  Aspo refinanced a bilateral revolving credit facility of EUR 20 million  about to mature in 2023  with a new agreement which will mature in 2025. The RCF agreement also includes two one-year extension options.In June  Aspo issued a new hybrid bond of EUR 30 million. The coupon rate of the bond is 8.75% per annum. The bond has no maturity  but the company is entitled to redeem it in June 2025 at the earliest. Aspo’s previous hybrid bond of EUR 20 million was redeemed on May 2  2022.Short-term risks and uncertainties in business operationsAspo and its businesses are exposed to a number of risks and uncertainties which include but are not limited to the risks stated below.There is an increasing level of geopolitical uncertainty due to Russia's war in Ukraine. This affects the general economic environment  e.g. via inflation  interest rates  energy prices and prices of raw materials. Disturbances related to infrastructure may also occur as part of current uncertainties relating to Russia  for example due to cyber incidents or disruptions in information systems.The ongoing process of exiting Russia and other selected Eastern markets is changing the structure of the Group significantly and will affect earnings of Aspo businesses in the long run. There are risks that the market exits will cause additional costs or losses and repatriation of funds or exits will not succeed fully or partly. It is also possible that the exits will not receive the required authority approvals or will be jeopardized or fail for any other reason.Economic activity and current geopolitical uncertainties have caused prices of many raw materials  components  and logistics services to increase rapidly. Aspo may temporarily benefit from the price increases  while the prices of purchased raw materials or leased capacity  such as leased vessels  are increasing at the same time. Disturbances in logistics flows  longer delivery times for spare parts  components and raw materials  and any rapid price changes  are also accumulating risks.International sanctions and countersanctions have been imposed  which may affect Aspo’s businesses directly or indirectly. Geopolitical tensions can escalate and cause direct business damage  jeopardized payments and even suspend business operations.In line with its renewed strategy  Aspo aims to increase its earnings via acquisitions. Strategy execution may lead to a temporary weakening of the balance sheet and capital structure in situations where acquisitions require financial investments and consequently may reduce solvency.The impact of the coronavirus on Aspo’s business has been limited on Group level  although the impact on Leipurin has been significant. Current and any new variants of the coronavirus and their rapid spread may lead to various interruptions and financial losses through interruptions in global logistics flows  among other things.Because the future estimates presented in this interim report are based on the current situation and knowledge  they include significant risks and other uncertainties  due to which actual future outcomes may differ from the estimates.ASPO’S BUSINESSESESL ShippingESL Shipping is the leading carrier of dry bulk cargo in the Baltic Sea region. ESL Shipping’s operations are mainly based on long-term customer contracts and established customer relationships. At the end of the review period  the shipping company’s fleet consisted of 47 vessels with a total capacity of 451 000 deadweight tons (dwt). Of these  23 were wholly owned (75.3% of the tonnage)  two were minority owned (2.3%) and the remaining 22 vessels (22.4%) were time chartered. ESL Shipping’s competitive edge is based on its pioneering role and ability to responsibly secure product and raw material transportation for industries and energy production year-round  even in difficult conditions. The shipping company loads and unloads large ocean carriers at sea as a special service.7-9/2022 7-9/2021 Change % 1-9/2022 1-9/2021 Change % Net sales  MEUR 65.0 47.3 37 182.1 136.7 33 Operating profit  MEUR 9.7 7.1 37 27.9 17.0 64 Operating profit  % 14.9 15.0 15.3 12.4 Items affecting comparability  MEUR 1.1 Comparable operating profit  MEUR 9.7 7.1 37 26.8 17.0 58 Comparable operating profit  % 14.9 15.0 14.7 12.4The third quarter of 2022 displayed the strongest third quarter operating result in ESL Shipping’s history. Net sales increased by 37% from last year to EUR 65.0 (47.3) million. During the quarter  the operating profit increased by 37 % to a record-high level of EUR 9.7 (7.1) million. During the third quarter there were no items affecting comparability in operating profit.The strong result was driven by the shipping company’s partnership strategy and the operational success delivered by the entire personnel. The operating profit rate of 14.9% (15.0%) achieved during the third quarter was excellent  especially considering the more modest market conditions and the historical change of abandoning cargo flows from Russia as a consequence of the war in Ukraine and resulted sanctions. The target level of 14.0% operating profit was again exceeded.During the third quarter  price of diesel oil and especially price of LNG used as a ship fuel were significantly higher than in the comparative period last year. The current level of very high fuel surcharges continued to increase net sales and reduced the operating profit percentage rate  used as an indicator of relative profitability.During the review period  the volume of cargo transported by the shipping company decreased slightly from the comparative period to 3.8 (3.9) million tons. The main drivers behind the volume development were re-routing of raw material supply out of Russia  which continued to result in increased transportation distances  and heavy congestion in certain major contract traffic ports. ESL Shipping has no remaining transport obligations related to cargo operations from Russian ports or with customers and cargo closely related to Russia.The profitability of ESL Shipping’s all vessel categories remained strong during the third quarter. In contract traffic  demand for ton miles remained strong throughout the review period despite slightly lower volumes  and spot market freight rates were at a satisfying level in all customer segments and vessel categories. Towards the end of the period spot market rates softened and demand showed some symptoms of slowing down  with the clear exception of the energy industry  where the demand continued strong.During the third quarter  ESL Shipping achieved a major strategic and structural milestone as it established a long-term Green Coaster pool for energy efficient electric hybrid vessels together with a group of institutional and private investors. A pooling structure is a model commonly used in the international shipping business for the ownership and operation of vessels. The forthcoming Green Coaster pool will accelerate the growth  profitability and return on capital of ESL Shipping's business. The pool will also form the first phase of the shipping company’s new low-carbon growth strategy that utilizes investor funding and pooling structure.Resulting from the established pool structure  ESL Shipping’s subsidiary AtoBatC Shipping declared options and ordered five additional vessels from the Indian shipyard Chowgule & Company Private Limited  from which the shipping company has previously ordered seven identical electric hybrid vessels. Of the series of twelve new-generation electric hybrid vessels  every other vessel will be sold to a company formed by a group of investors. As previously announced  the total amount of ESL Shipping's own investment will remain at the size of six vessels and approximately EUR 70 million.The first three of the new vessels are already under construction  and the planned delivery of the first vessel is scheduled for the autumn 2023. The planned delivery of the last vessel is scheduled for the second quarter of 2026. AtoBatC Shipping will act as the manager of the pool and all vessels in the pool will be placed as part of the shipping company's existing and growing contract traffic. The investor company is offered complete services related to the construction and maintenance of the vessels on a turnkey basis.ESL Shipping’s long-term environmental activities focus on minimizing emissions to the sea and air. The shipping company aims to halve its carbon dioxide emissions per transportation unit by the end of the decade. One of the measures implemented together with a key client is to optimize a vessel’s speed with Virtual Arrival procedure  which has reduced emissions on the applied voyages on average by 24% in the past twelve months. Discussions are ongoing to extend the procedure for other trade lines and clients.The scheduled drydockings of the current fleet continued with 63 (116) docking days during the third quarter.The net sales of ESL Shipping in January–September increased significantly by 33% from the comparative period  amounting to EUR 182.1 (136.7) million. The comparable operating profit increased to EUR 26.8 (17.0) million and the comparable operating profit rate was 14.7% (12.4%).ESL Shipping outlook for 2022The overall macroeconomic uncertainty is increasing within ESL Shipping’s main geographical market area. High rate of inflation  mainly driven by high energy prices caused by supply constraints owing to the war in Ukraine  is increasing the pressure on demand and pricing among the shipping company’s main customers. As usual  most of the shipping company’s transportation capacity has been secured through long-term agreements  which will continue to support ESL Shipping’s performance going forward. The shipping company’s investments in energy efficient vessels will also further strengthen its market position  as the dominant role of energy cost as a driver in supply chain efficiency continues.Spot market demand and spot market price level in the company’s main market area in Northern Europe have softened from the very high levels of first half-year 2022 but remain still at a satisfactory level in all vessel categories. Production volumes of ESL Shipping’s main clients are forecasted overall to continue on current levels with necessary access to key raw materials. Demand of energy shipments is expected to remain high. Clients in metal industry have however informed about production curtailments owing to maintenance breaks  high energy prices and decrease in their customer demand  which affect contract volumes already during the last quarter of 2022.After deliveries of Russian raw materials stopped  some of the shipping company’s significant contractual customers were forced to seek new suppliers in new geographical areas for part of their required production input. This is expected to lengthen transportation distances and increase demand for sea transportation per ton mile especially for ESL Shipping’s larger vessels. Temporarily the share of energy coal is expected to increase in terms of ton miles  mainly due to longer transportation distance.The expectations of providers of chartered-in tonnage are not meeting the realities of the market  and this may create uncertainty to availability of suitable tonnage.Measures will continue to protect the personnel’s health security during the re-emergence of the coronavirus.The impact of energy price increases on ESL Shipping’s costs are effectively offset through long-term fuel clauses in transportation agreements. The shipping company is moderately increasing the fuel stock level onboard its ships in anticipation for eventual supply shortages during late 2022.During the fourth quarter  one larger vessel unit will be drydocked for a total of approximately 10 days due to unplanned maintenance. In total  there will be approximately 120 (229) dockage days in 2022. All vessels owned by ESL Shipping are now equipped with ballast water treatment systems that meet new environmental regulations.TelkoTelko is a leading expert in and supplier of plastic raw materials  industrial chemicals and lubricants. It operates as a sustainable partner in the value chain  bringing well-known international principals and customers together. Its competitive edge is based on strong technical support  efficient logistics and local expert service. Telko operates in Finland  the Baltic countries  Scandinavia  Poland  Romania  Russia  Belarus  Ukraine  Kazakhstan  Uzbekistan  and China.7-9/2022 7-9/2021 Change % 1-9/2022 1-9/2021 Change % Net sales  MEUR 60.5 69.6 -13 208.2 195.2 7 Operating profit  MEUR 4.2 5.9 -29 15.0 16.0 -6 Operating profit  % 6.9 8.5 7.2 8.2 Items affecting comparability  MEUR 0.5 -4.5 Comparable operating profit  MEUR 3.7 5.9 -37 19.5 16.0 22 Comparable operating profit  % 6.1 8.5 9.4 8.2In the third quarter  Telko’s net sales declined by 13% to EUR 60.5 (69.6) million and its comparable operating profit decreased to EUR 3.7 (5.9) million. Telko’s comparable operating profit rate was 6.1% (8.5%). The comparable operating profit for the third quarter excludes items affecting comparability of EUR 0.5 million due to the decrease in credit loss provisions related to accounts receivables in Ukraine. Telko’s operating profit for the third quarter declined to EUR 4.2 (5.9) million.Telko’s net sales dropped significantly during the third quarter due to decreased sales in Russia  as EU imports were terminated and sanctioned products abandoned. Telko´s sales outside of Russia  Belarus  and Ukraine continued to grow. During the last few years  Telko has consistently decreased the share of commodities and increased the share of specialty products and is therefore nowadays more resilient to price fluctuation than in the past.Net sales of the plastics business decreased by 20% during the third quarter  amounting to EUR 30.5 (38.1) million. The main driver for the decline was Telko´s shrinking business in Russia. In Telko´s European markets demand of plastic polymers remained in general on a normal level. Product availability has improved  although it is still not fully normalized. Price levels  particularly in volume plastics  declined significantly  whereas price levels have still developed positively for technical products. Overall  prices are still clearly above long-term average.Net sales of the chemicals business decreased by 22% to EUR 17.3 (22.2) million due to decreased sales in Russia. Overall price levels declined during the quarter but stabilized towards the end of the quarter. Increasing energy costs and other production costs prevented further price decline. In general  demand in western markets has softened slightly. In addition  demand of some customer segments has declined following export restrictions to Russia  impacting especially Finland and Latvia. Chemicals sales in Ukraine continued to recover reaching a 60-70% level in September  compared to the previous year’s levels.Net sales of the lubricants business increased by 37% to EUR 12.7 (9.3) million. High price levels combined with the acquisition of Mentum AS at the end of 2021 were the most significant growth drivers. High demand especially for Industrial lubricants resulted in sales volume growth  whereas the automotive segment showed weaker performance. There were significant cost increases for raw materials  transportation  and product manufacturing.Telko’s net sales increased by 7% during January–September to EUR 208.2 (195.2) million. Telko’s comparable operating profit for the review period was EUR 19.5 (16.0) million  and its comparable operating profit rate was 9.4% (8.2%). The comparable operating profit of Telko Russia and Belarus was close to zero during the third quarter  and hence the absolute profit level of the third quarter is an indication of performance after the targeted exit of Telko Russia and Belarus  excluding the losses caused by the exits. Telko’s operating profit stood at EUR 15.0 (16.0) million for January–September 2022 and the operating profit rate was 7.2% (8.2%).Telko outlook for 2022Telko´s net sales and operating profit are expected to decrease during the fourth quarter of the year compared with the fourth quarter last year  mainly due to the further decreasing sales in Russia. In western markets  sales are expected to remain on a relatively stable level  but the risk for rapid changes in demand and price level remains. In the current business environment  the market is unpredictable and rapid changes are possible even if they are not yet in sight.In October  Telko signed a binding framework agreement according to which it will sell the share capital of its Russian subsidiary Telko OOO to Russian industrial operator GK Himik. The completion of the transaction requires an approval of the Russian authorities. Telko´s operations in Russia and Belarus will not have significant impact on Telko´s comparable operating profit during the fourth quarter.Aspo announced on September 28 that Telko will acquire the business of Norwegian Johan Steenks AS. The transaction was completed on October 3. Johan Steenks is a distributor of engineering plastics and plastic additives with an established customer base in the Norwegian market and numerous well-known principals. The company's annual net sales are approximately 5 million euros. The acquisition will not have significant impact on Telko´s sales or result during the last quarter of the year.Telko expects that prices will stabilize in volume and engineering plastics  due to the already high energy cost in Europe. Overall market demand is expected to remain stable in the last quarter.In chemicals  the energy costs will keep production costs and price levels relatively high  and further price decline is not expected. In Europe demand and price levels are expected to remain stable  and recovery in Ukraine is expected to continue. Solid growth is also expected to continue in Central Asia. Demand of several customer segments is slowing down in Finland and Baltics due to discontinued exports to Russia.In lubricants  the prices are expected to remain relatively stable towards the end of year. Base oil prices have stabilized and even declined in some markets  but prices of readymade lubricants may slightly increase due to higher energy cost in manufacturing and general inflation. In industrial lubricants demand may suffer from reduced production in the metal manufacturing sector due to high energy price level. The demand for automotive lubricants may soften in coming months as it is driven by consumer purchasing power. Long delivery times remain a challenge.According to its strategy  Telko will seek not only organic growth  but also accelerated growth through acquisitions to achieve its strategic targets.LeipurinLeipurin operates as part of the food chain  acquiring raw materials in global markets and from domestic companies and supplying them through its effective logistics chain according to customer needs. Leipurin operates in nine countries that have been grouped into four regional organizations  each being responsible for their financial performance: Finland  Sweden  East  and the Baltic region. Leipurin serves bakery  food industry and foodservice customers by providing raw materials and by supporting research and development and recipes for new products. Leipurin’s other product categories include various supplies and machines for the same customer segments. Leipurin uses leading international manufacturers as its raw material and machinery supply partners.Aspo announced on April 22  2022 that Leipurin will withdraw from its businesses in Russia  Belarus and Kazakhstan. Negotiations with potential buyers are ongoing.7-9/2022 7-9/2021 Change % 1-9/2022 1-9/2021 Change % Net sales  MEUR 32.3 27.7 17 89.3 81.4 10 Operating profit  MEUR -0.5 0.6 -183 -0.5 1.2 -142 Operating profit  % -1.5 2.2 -0.6 1.5 Items affecting comparability  MEUR -1.1 -2.7 Comparable operating profit  MEUR 0.6 0.6 0 2.2 1.2 83 Comparable operating profit  % 1.9 2.2 2.5 1.5 Comparable operating profit excl. Vulganus  MEUR 0.6 0.8 -25 3.0 1.5 100 Comparable operating profit excl. Vulganus  % 1.9 3.0 3.5 2.0Leipurin’s operations continued to be impacted by restrictions in eastern markets caused by the war in Ukraine and strong price inflation of the global raw material market  along with challenges related to raw material availability.Leipurin’s net sales in total increased by 17% to EUR 32.3 (27.7) million in the third quarter  the comparative figure for 2021 contains EUR 1.4 million sales of discontinued and sold businesses. In regional business units  net sales in Finland grew by 15% and stood at EUR 12.3 (10.7) million. Net sales in the Baltic business unit increased by 18% and were EUR 9.4 (8.0) million. In business unit East  net sales were down by 18% due to the scaled-down assortment including only local sourcing and stood at EUR 6.2 (7.6) million. New business unit Sweden  established as a result of the acquisition of Kobia AB on 1 September  contributed to Leipurin’s third quarter net sales by EUR 4.4 million. Sales to bakeries was up by 18% in the third quarter at EUR 22.5 (19.0) million. Sales to food industry increased by 23% and were EUR 3.7 (3.0) million.Leipurin’s third quarter sales were significantly impacted by strong growth in global market prices of raw materials. Sales measured in kilograms showed a decline in Finland and the Baltic countries  whereas East decreased to around half of previous year’s level. The cost of living continued to increase significantly in Finland and the Baltic region  strengthening the shift in consumer demand towards more affordable products. Volumes in Finland and Sweden were also impacted by increased international traveling during the vacation months. Despite the negative volume trend  positive margin development continued.Leipurin’s comparable operating profit for the third quarter was EUR 0.6 (0.6) million and the comparable operating profit rate was 1.9% (2.2%). Leipurin’s comparable operating profit excluding Vulganus was EUR 0.6 million (0.8) and comparable operating profit rate 1.9% (3.0%). Items reducing Leipurin’s operating profit and affecting comparability totaled EUR -1.1 million  including costs related to the acquisition of Kobia AB and costs related to the withdrawal from Russia  Belarus and Kazakhstan. Leipurin’s operating profit for the third quarter was EUR -0.5 million (0.6). The operating profit was negatively affected by a reversal of fair value adjustment of EUR -0.4 million recognized on inventory in the Kobia acquisition.Leipurin completed the acquisition of the entire share capital of the Swedish bakery industry distributor Kobia Ab from the Swedish Abdon Group. Kobia Ab constitutes Leipurin’s new market area Sweden  and it is included in Aspo Group’s financial statements from September 1  2022. In 2021  Kobia’s net sales amounted to approximately EUR 50 million and its operating profit margin was approximately 3%. Through the acquisition  Leipurin further strengthens its position as a leading player in the Baltic Sea region. The new entity provides suppliers with a compelling gateway to the region’s market. Customers in the bakery and food industry will benefit from a strong partner in the global raw material market.In January-September  Leipurin’s net sales increased by 10% and were in total EUR 89.3 (81.4) million. The comparative figures for 2021 include significant machinery sales in Russia  and the year-on-year growth in raw materials was very strong. Net sales in business unit Finland grew by 18% and stood at EUR 34.3 (29.1) million. Net sales in the Baltic business unit increased by 21% and were EUR 26.8 (22.1) million. In the business unit East  net sales decreased by 10% and were EUR 19.4 (21.6) million. Sales to bakeries increased by 13% in January-September and were EUR 59.3 (52.5) million. Sales to the food industry increased by 22% and stood at EUR 10.0 (8.2) million. The euro-denominated increase in sales was significantly impacted by strong growth in global market prices of raw materials. In Finland and Baltics combined  the volumes in kilograms were above pre-pandemic 2019 levels.Leipurin’s comparable operating profit for January-September 2022 was EUR 2.2 (1.2) million and the comparable operating profit rate was 2.5% (1.5%). Net sales of Vulganus were EUR 4.3 (3.3) million and the operating profit was EUR -0.8 (-0.3) million. Leipurin’s comparable operating profit excluding Vulganus was EUR 3.0 (1.5) million and comparable operating profit rate 3.5% (2.0%).Vulganus was divested on June 30  2022. The divestment loss and related transaction costs of EUR -0.4 million are reported as part of the Leipurin segment’s figures in other operating expenses.The profit management program launched during the second quarter of 2021 will develop the organization’s capability of information-based management and particularly help to improve the commercial performance. The program includes both targeting selected growth clusters and improving efficiency of operations. The implementation of the program was particularly reflected on the positive development of results in Finland and the Baltic countries.Heli Arantola resigned in June to join another company. Arantola left the position of Leipurin’s Managing Director in the end of September. On October 25  Miska Kuusela was appointed the new Managing Director of Leipurin and a member of the Group Executive Committee of Aspo Group. Kuusela will start in his position on January 2  2023. Aspo Group’s CEO Rolf Jansson will act as the interim Managing Director until Miska Kuusela starts in his role.Leipurin outlook for 2022The war in Ukraine and the decision to withdraw operations from Russia  Belarus and Kazakhstan will have a significant impact on Leipurin’s net sales and financial results. The net sales of Leipurin Russia  Belarus and Kazakhstan amounted to EUR 26.3 million in year 2021 which accounted for 23 percent of Leipurin’s total net sales in 2021.The expansion to Sweden by acquisition of Kobia AB will add annual net sales of around EUR 50 million to the Leipurin and generate significant synergies in assortment development  supply chain and sourcing  and particularly when being able to serve partners in a broader geographical area.Inflation and in particular increased energy prices will have a negative impact on demand for more premium products and can cause profitability challenges for the bakery segment’s customers. The weakening of purchasing power can have a negative effect on the demand for artisanal bakeries  as consumers direct their purchases to more affordable products.Prices of major raw material categories are expected to continue on a rising trend  although the very rapid inflation experienced during the review period should stabilize somewhat.Despite these challenges  we see that the market of Leipurin in longer-term offers very stable development and also organic growth opportunities in selected market segments.The impact of the war in Ukraine and the coronavirus pandemic continue to affect the global supply chains and the availability of certain raw materials and general delivery times.Management of payment defaults and claims has succeeded well so far. Profitability challenges will increase risks of payment defaults and bankruptcies among customers and suppliers.Other operationsOther operations include Aspo Group’s administration  the financial and ICT service center  and a small number of other functions not covered by business units. In the third quarter  the operating profit of Other operations was EUR -0.9 (-2.8) million including items affecting comparability of EUR -0.1 million relating to restructuring. Thus  the comparable operating profit amounted to EUR -0.8 (-2.8) million. In January–September the operating profit was EUR -4.8 (-6.0) million  including items affecting comparability of EUR -0.6 million relating to additional share-based compensation granted to the former CEO of Aspo. Thus  the comparable operating profit amounted to EUR -4.2 (-6.0) million. In the comparative period  costs increased as a result of higher personnel costs  including the costs related to the change of the CEO that were not reported as items affecting comparability  and individual short-term projects.COMPANY INFORMATIONAspo aims to achieve sustainable long-term growth by re-investing earned profits in profitable investment objects and by taking steps towards a compounder profile. Aspo enables growth for the businesses it owns and aims to improve their profitability and earnings by developing them and ensuring steady cash flows. The goal is to assume an even more active role in mergers  acquisitions  and other restructuring activities as well as in growth investments in the owned businesses. Aspo focuses especially on B-to-B industrial services  and its key clusters include logistics and trade.Key businesses in Aspo’s portfolio are ESL Shipping  Telko and Leipurin. They are responsible for their own operations and customer relationships  as well as for developing these. Sustainability is a key factor of our management system and guides the process of targeting new investment opportunities.Share capital and sharesAspo Plc’s registered share capital on September 30  2022  was EUR 17 691 729.57  and the total number of shares was 31 419 779  of which the company held 62 250 shares  i.e. 0.2% of the share capital.Aspo Plc has one share series. Each share entitles the shareholder to one vote at the Shareholders’ Meeting. Aspo’s share is quoted on Nasdaq Helsinki Ltd’s Mid Cap segment under basic resources.During January–September 2022  a total of 3 637 260 Aspo Plc shares  with a market value of EUR 24.0 million  were traded on the Nasdaq Helsinki. In other words  11 6% of the shares changed hands. During the review period  the share price reached a high of EUR 11.80 and a low of EUR 6.09. The average price was EUR 8.00 and the closing price at the end of the review period was EUR 7.37. At the end of the review period  the market value  excluding treasury shares  was EUR 231.1 million.The company had 11 618 shareholders at the end of the review period. A total of 1 136 743 shares  or 3.61% of the share capital  were nominee registered or held by non-domestic shareholders.RemunerationShare-based incentive plan 2022–2024On February 16  2022  Aspo Plc’s Board of Directors decided to establish a new share-based incentive plan for 2022–2024. The aim of the plan is to align the objectives of the shareholders and key employees in order to increase the value of the company in the long term  to retain key employees in the company  and to offer them a competitive reward plan based on earnings and accumulating the company’s shares.The share-based incentive plan consists of three earnings periods  with the earned reward being based on the Group’s earnings per share (EPS) and two sustainability indicators. Participation in the scheme and obtaining rewards require that participants allocate the freely transferable company shares they hold to the plan or acquire the company’s shares up to the quantity determined by the Board of Directors.The share-based incentive plan is directed at a maximum of 30 people  including the members of the Group Executive Committee. The potential reward will be paid partly in the company’s shares and partly in cash in 2023  2024 and 2025. The rewards payable based on the plan correspond to a maximum total value of 400 000 Aspo Plc shares  also including the proportion to be paid in cash.Share-based incentive plan 2021–2023On February 11  2021  Aspo’s Board of Directors decided to continue the share-based incentive plan for the Group’s key personnel by establishing a share-based incentive plan for 2021–2023. The aim of the plan is to align the objectives of the shareholders and key employees in order to increase the value of the company in the long term  to retain key employees in the company  and to offer them a competitive reward plan based on earnings and accumulating the company’s shares. The share-based incentive plan is directed at around 20 people  including the members of the Group Executive Committee.The EPS target  acting as an earnings criterion for the share-based incentive plan  was fully met during the 2021 financial year. Based on the share-based incentive plan  a total of 89 400 treasury shares were transferred  and an amount equaling the value of the shares was paid to cover taxes in March 2022.Restricted Share Plan 2020In June 2022  based on the Restricted Share Plan 2020  Aspo Board of Directors granted 10 000 shares of Aspo and a corresponding amount for taxes to the CEO of Aspo  Rolf Jansson. The transaction follows the terms of the CEO director agreement and by the agreement  Mr Jansson has concurrently acquired 10 000 shares from market at his own expense.Decisions of the Annual Shareholders’ MeetingDividendAspo Plc’s Annual Shareholders’ Meeting held on April 6  2022  decided  as proposed by the Board of Directors  that EUR 0.23 per share be distributed in dividends for the 2021 financial year  and that no dividend be paid for shares held by Aspo Plc. The dividend was paid on April 19  2022.In addition  the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting authorized the Board of Directors to decide on the distribution of a total of EUR 0.22 per share at maximum in dividends and/or as a capital refund from the invested unrestricted equity fund at a later date. The authorization remains valid until the next Annual Shareholders’ Meeting. The Board of Directors will decide at its meeting to be held on November 2  2022  on the second dividend distribution and/or capital refund which would be paid in November 2022 to shareholders who are registered in the shareholders’ register maintained by Euroclear Finland Ltd on the record date.The Board of Directors and the auditorPatricia Allam  Mammu Kaario  Mikael Laine  Salla Pöyry  Tatu Vehmas and Heikki Westerlund were re-elected to the Board of Directors  and Tapio Kolunsarka was elected as a new member. At the Board’s organizing meeting held after the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting  Heikki Westerlund was elected Chair of the Board and Mammu Kaario as Vice Chair. In addition  the Board decided to elect Heikki Westerlund as Chair of the Personnel and Remuneration Committee  and Tapio Kolunsarka  Salla Pöyry and Tatu Vehmas as its members  and Mammu Kaario as Chair of the Audit Committee  and Patricia Allam  Mikael Laine and Tatu Vehmas as its members.The Authorized Public Accountant firm Deloitte Oy was elected as the company’s auditor. Deloitte Oy has announced that Jukka Vattulainen  APA  will act as the auditor in charge. The auditor’s fee will be paid in accordance with an accepted invoice.Board authorizationsAuthorization of the Board of Directors to decide on the acquisition of treasury sharesThe Annual Shareholders’ Meeting on April 6  2022 authorized the Board of Directors to decide on the acquisition of no more than 500 000 treasury shares using the unrestricted equity of the company  representing around 1.6% of all the shares in the company. The authorization includes the right to accept treasury shares as a pledge. The authorization is valid until the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting in 2023 but not more than 18 months from the approval at the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting.Authorization of the Board of Directors to decide on a share issue of treasury sharesThe Annual Shareholders’ Meeting on April 6  2022 authorized the Board of Directors to decide on a share issue  through one or several lots  to be executed by conveying treasury shares. An aggregate maximum amount of 900 000 shares may be conveyed based on the authorization. The authorization is valid until the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting in 2023 but not more than 18 months from the approval at the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting.Authorization of the Board of Directors to decide on a share issue of new sharesThe Annual Shareholders’ Meeting on April 6  2022 authorized the Board of Directors to decide on an issue of new shares against payment. The authorization includes the right of the Board of Directors to decide on all of the other terms and conditions of the conveyance and thus also includes the right to decide on a directed share issue  in deviation from the shareholders’ pre-emptive right  if a compelling financial reason exists for the company to do so. The total number of new shares to be offered for subscription may not exceed 1 500 000. The authorization is valid until the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting in 2023 but not more than 18 months from the approval at the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting.Authorization of the Board of Directors to decide on donationsAspo Plc’s Annual Shareholders’ Meeting held on April 6  2022 authorized the Board of Directors to decide on donations of EUR 100 000 at maximum for non-profit or similar purposes  and to decide on the recipients  purposes and other conditions of the donations. The authorization is valid until the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting in 2023.FINANCIAL INFORMATIONAspo Group’s condensed consolidated statement of comprehensive income7-9/2022 7-9/2021 1-9/2022 1-9/2021 1-12/2021 MEUR MEUR MEUR MEUR MEUR Continuing operations Net sales 157.8 144.6 479.6 413.3 573.3 Other operating income 0.3 0.1 2.2 0.3 0.5 Materials and services -96.4 -89.6 -293.1 -252.1 -349.4 Employee benefit expenses -12.4 -13.0 -40.3 -37.7 -50.7 Depreciation  amortization and impairment losses -4.8 -3.8 -13.0 -12.0 -20.8 Depreciation  leased assets -4.1 -3.3 -12.1 -9.9 -13.7 Other operating expenses -27.9 -24.2 -85.7 -73.7 -102.3 Operating profit 12.5 10.8 37.6 28.2 36.9 Financial income and expenses -2.1 -1.0 -7.0 -2.9 -3.9 Profit before taxes 10.4 9.8 30.6 25.3 33.0 Income taxes -0.8 -1.2 -2.8 -2.6 -4.7 Profit from continuing operations 9.6 8.6 27.8 22.7 28.3 Profit from discontinued operation (attributable to equity holders of the company) -0.2 -3.2 -1.7 -3.1 -3.0 Profit for the period 9.4 5.4 26.1 19.6 25.3 Other comprehensive income Items that may be reclassified to profit or loss in subsequent periods: Translation differences -2.1 0.9 6.0 2.3 2.2 Other comprehensive income for the period  net of taxes -2.1 0.9 6.0 2.3 2.2 Total comprehensive income 7.3 6.3 32.1 21.9 27.5 Profit attributable to parent company shareholders 9.4 5.4 26.1 19.6 25.3 Total comprehensive income attributable to parent company shareholders 7.3 6.3 32.1 21.9 27.5 Earnings per share attributable to parent company shareholders  EUR Basic and diluted earnings per share Continuing operations 0.30 0.26 0.87 0.69 0.86 Discontinued operations 0.00 -0.10 -0.05 -0.10 -0.10 Total 0.30 0.16 0.82 0.59 0.76Aspo Group’s condensed consolidated balance sheet9/2022 9/2021 12/2021 Assets MEUR MEUR MEUR Intangible assets 47.4 51.4 45.9 Tangible assets 181.0 167.5 168.9 Leased assets 20.4 19.4 20.7 Other non-current assets 1.8 1.7 1.7 Total non-current assets 250.6 240.0 237.2 Inventories 79.3 51.6 68.6 Accounts receivable and other receivables 83.4 78.3 74.4 Cash and cash equivalents 43.7 23.7 17.7 206.4 153.6 160.7 Assets held for sale 3.0 8.4 Total current assets 209.4 153.6 169.1 Total assets 460.0 393.6 406.3 Equity and liabilities Share capital and premium 22.0 22.0 22.0 Other equity 142.2 102.1 107.4 Total equity 164.2 124.1 129.4 Loans and overdraft facilities 156.7 116.4 142.4 Lease liabilities 5.5 6.8 6.9 Other liabilities 7.9 4.3 5.7 Total non-current liabilities 170.1 127.5 155.0 Loans and overdraft facilities 25.9 49.8 21.4 Lease liabilities 15.5 13.1 14.4 Accounts payable and other liabilities 82.2 79.1 79.3 123.6 142.0 115.1 Liabilities directly associated with assets classified as held for sale 2.1 6.8 Total current liabilities 125.7 142.0 121.9 Total equity and liabilities 460.0 393.6 406.3Aspo Group’s condensed consolidated cash flow statement1-9/2022 1-9/2021 1-12/2021 MEUR MEUR MEUR CASH FLOWS FROM/USED IN OPERATING ACTIVITIES Operating profit  Group total 36.0 25.1 33.9 Adjustments to operating profit 25.6 26.5 39.6 Change in working capital -5.8 -12.6 -22.0 Interest paid -6.8 -3.0 -4.4 Interest received 0.6 0.2 0.4 Income taxes paid -3.9 -2.9 -3.5 Net cash from operating activities 45.7 33.3 44.0 CASH FLOWS FROM/USED IN INVESTING ACTIVITIES Investments -15.2 -11.1 -16.9 Investment subsidy 1.0 1.0 Proceeds from sale of tangible assets 1.8 0.2 0.3 Acquisition of businesses -15.6 -1.1 Disposal of businesses 1.2 Dividends received 0.2 Net cash used in investing activities -27.8 -9.9 -16.5 CASH FLOWS FROM/USED IN FINANCING ACTIVITIES Proceeds from loans 29.6 37.0 Repayment of loans -8.3 -9.6 -47.5 Net change in commercial papers -5.0 -6.0 -6.0 Payments of lease liabilities -12.3 -10.0 -13.8 Hybrid bond repayment -20.0 Proceeds from Hybrid bond issue 30.0 Hybrid bond  interest paid -1.8 -1.7 -1.8 Hybrid bond  issuance fees paid -0.3 Dividends paid -7.2 -5.6 -10.9 Net cash used in financing activities 4.7 -32.9 -43.0 Change in cash and cash equivalents 22.6 -9.5 -15.5 Cash and cash equivalents January 1 17.7 32.3 32.3 Translation differences 3.4 0.9 0.9 Cash and cash equivalents at period-end 43.7 23.7 17.7Aspo Group consolidated statement of changes in equityShare capital and premiumOther reservesHybrid bondTranslation differencesRetained earningsTotalMEUR Equity January 1  2022 22.0 16.5 20.0 -24.8 95.7 129.4 Comprehensive income: Profit for the period 26.1 26.1 Translation differences 6.0 6.0 Total comprehensive income 6.0 26.1 32.1 Transactions with owners: Dividend payment -7.2 -7.2 Hybrid bond 10.0 10.0 Hybrid bond interest and -0.8 -0.8 issuance costs Sale of treasury shares 0.3 0.3 Share-based incentive plan 0.4 0.4 Total transactions 10.0 -7.3 2.7 with owners Equity September 30  2022 22.0 16.5 30.0 -18.8 114.5 164.2 Equity January 1  2021 22.0 16.5 20.0 -26.9 81.9 113.5 Comprehensive income: Profit for the period 19.6 19.6 Translation differences 2.3 2.3 Total comprehensive income 2.3 19.6 21.9 Transactions with owners: Dividend payment -10.9 -10.9 Hybrid bond interest -1.3 -1.3 Share-based incentive plan 0.9 0.9 Total transactions -11.3 -11.3 with owners Equity September 30  2021 22.0 16.5 20.0 -24.6 90.2 124.1Accounting principlesAspo Plc’s interim financial report has been prepared in accordance with the principles of IAS 34 Interim Financial Reporting. As of the beginning of the financial year  Aspo applies certain new or amended IFRS standards and IFRIC interpretations as described in the 2021 consolidated financial statements. In other respects  the same accounting and measurement principles have been applied as in the consolidated financial statements of December 31  2021. The information in this interim report is unaudited.Aspo Plc applies the guidance on alternative key figures issued by ESMA. In addition to IFRS figures  the company releases other commonly used key figures  which are mainly derived from the statement of comprehensive income and balance sheet. According to the management  key figures clarify the view drawn by the statement of comprehensive income and balance sheet of Aspo’s financial performance and financial position. The calculation principles of key figures are explained on page 71 of the Aspo’s Year 2021 publication.PersonnelAt the end of the review period  Aspo Group had 936 employees (944 at the end of 2021)  of which discontinued operations accounted for 23 (22) employees.Segment informationAspo Group’s reportable segments are ESL Shipping  Telko and Leipurin.Reconciliation of segment operating profit to the group's profit before taxes 1-9/2022 ESL ShippingTelko Leipurin Unallocated Group MEUR items total Operating profit 27.9 15.0 -0.5 -4.8 37.6 Net financial expenses -7.0 -7.0 Profit before taxes 30.6 1-9/2021 ESL ShippingTelko Leipurin Unallocated Group MEUR items total Operating profit 17.0 16.0 1.2 -6.0 28.2 Net financial expenses -2.9 -2.9 Profit before taxes 25.3Investments by segment ESL ShippingTelko Leipurin Unallocated Group MEUR items total Investments 1-9/2022 14.3 0.7 0.1 15.1 Investments 1-9/2021 9.6 0.4 0.1 10.1Green Coaster investment commitmentAtoBatC Shipping AB  reported in the ESL Shipping segment  is building a series of six highly energy-efficient electric hybrid vessels. The new vessels of ice class 1A will be top of the line in terms of their cargo capacity  technology and innovation. The total value of the six-vessel investment is approximately EUR 70 million  and its cash flows will be divided mainly for the years 2023 and 2024. The new vessels will be built at the Chowgule and Company Private Limited shipyard in India  and they will start operating from the third quarter of 2023.During the third quarter of 2022 it was confirmed that ESL Shipping will establish a Green Coaster pool. As a result  AtoBatC Shipping AB declared options and ordered five additional vessels from the Indian shipyard Chowgule & Company Private Limited  from which the shipping company has previously ordered seven identical electric hybrid vessels. Of the series of twelve new-generation electric hybrid vessels  every other vessel will be sold to a company formed by a group of investors.For the vessels to be sold further  the advance payments are recognized as advance payments in inventories. At the end of the review period the inventories include EUR 4.5 million of Green Coaster advance payments.The total amount of ESL Shipping's own investment will remain at the size of six vessels and approximately EUR 70 million.Segment assets and liabilities ESL ShippingTelko Leipurin Held for Unallocated Group MEUR sale items total Assets Dec 31  2021 215.8 106.6 54.7 8.4 20.8 406.3 Assets Sep 30  2022 235.7 96.9 76.3 3.0 48.1 460.0 Liabilities Dec 31  2021 31.5 47.9 15.4 6.8 175.3 276.9 Liabilities Sep 30  2022 36.9 42.4 20.7 2.1 193.7 295.8Aspo Group disaggregation of net sales  from continuing operationsTelko net sales 7-9/2022 7-9/2021 Change % 1-9/2022 1-9/2021 Change % 1-12/2021 MEUR MEUR MEUR MEUR MEUR Business area: Plastics business 30.5 38.1 -19.9 107.3 107.0 0.3 146.7 Chemicals business 17.3 22.2 -22.1 64.4 60.2 7.0 83.6 Lubricants business 12.7 9.3 36.6 36.5 28.0 30.4 38.5 Telko total 60.5 69.6 -13.1 208.2 195.2 6.7 268.8Leipurin net sales 7-9/2022 7-9/2021 Change % 1-9/2022 1-9/2021 Change % 1-12/2021 MEUR MEUR MEUR MEUR MEUR Business units: Finland 12.3 10.7 15.0 34.4 29.1 18.2 40.4 Sweden 4.4 4.4 Baltics 9.4 8.0 17.5 26.8 22.1 21.3 30.6 East 6.2 7.6 -18.4 19.4 21.6 -10.2 30.7 Total 32.3 26.3 22.8 85.0 72.8 16.8 101.7 of which: Bakeries 22.5 19.0 18.4 59.3 52.5 13.0 73.2 Food Industry 3.7 3.0 23.3 10.0 8.2 22.0 11.0 Retail  foodservice and other 6.1 4.3 41.9 15.7 12.1 29.8 17.4 Machinery trading Russia 1.1 -100.0 5.3 -100.0 7.3 Vulganus 0.3 -100.0 4.3 3.3 30.3 4.1 Leipurin total 32.3 27.7 16.6 89.3 81.4 9.7 113.1Net sales by timing of revenue recognition7-9/2022 7-9/2021 1-9/2022 1-9/2021 1-12/2021 MEUR MEUR MEUR MEUR MEUR ESL Shipping At a point in time 1.0 0.7 2.9 2.7 3.6 Over time 64.0 46.6 179.2 134.0 187.8 65.0 47.3 182.1 136.7 191.4 Telko At a point in time 60.4 69.6 207.9 195.0 268.5 Over time 0.1 0.0 0.3 0.2 0.3 60.5 69.6 208.2 195.2 268.8 Leipurin At a point in time 32.3 26.5 86.0 77.8 107.5 Over time 0.0 1.2 3.3 3.6 5.6 32.3 27.7 89.3 81.4 113.1 Total At a point in time 93.7 96.8 296.8 275.5 379.6 Over time 64.1 47.8 182.8 137.8 193.7 157.8 144.6 479.6 413.3 573.3Net sales by market area 7-9/2022 7-9/2021 1-9/2022 1-9/2021 1-12/2021 MEUR MEUR MEUR MEUR MEUR ESL Shipping Finland 32.8 21.3 88.9 64.1 84.3 Scandinavia 18.3 11.2 46.6 36.7 54.1 Baltic countries 0.4 0.5 2.3 1.2 3.5 Russia  other CIS countries and Ukraine 0.0 0.8 1.3 1.9 2.5 Other countries 13.5 13.5 43.0 32.8 47.0 65.0 47.3 182.1 136.7 191.4 Telko Finland 12.0 12.1 39.8 35.2 47.6 Scandinavia 15.4 13.0 47.6 38.3 52.4 Baltic countries 6.6 4.8 20.6 15.4 20.4 Russia  other CIS countries and Ukraine 18.5 31.2 75.9 83.3 117.3 Other countries 8.0 8.5 24.3 23.0 31.1 60.5 69.6 208.2 195.2 268.8 Leipurin Finland 12.2 11.2 37.1 30.5 43.3 Scandinavia 4.4 0.6 4.8 2.2 2.9 Baltic countries 9.4 8.1 26.7 22.2 30.9 Russia  other CIS countries and Ukraine 6.1 7.6 19.4 26.1 35.4 Other countries 0.2 0.2 1.3 0.4 0.6 32.3 27.7 89.3 81.4 113.1 Total Finland 57.0 44.6 165.8 129.8 175.2 Scandinavia 38.1 24.8 99.0 77.2 109.4 Baltic countries 16.4 13.4 49.6 38.8 54.8 Russia  other CIS countries and Ukraine 24.6 39.6 96.6 111.3 155.2 Other countries 21.7 22.2 68.6 56.2 78.7 157.8 144.6 479.6 413.3 573.3Acquisition of Kobia ABLeipurin acquired the entire share capital of the Swedish bakery industry distributor Kobia Ab from the Swedish Abdon Group on September 1  2022. The acquisition expands Leipurin’s geographical presence in the Northern European market. In 2021  Kobia’s net sales amounted to approximately EUR 50 million and its operating profit margin was approximately 3%. The acquisition of Kobia AB included also the properties owned by Kobia. Aspo actively explores options to sell and lease back the properties. The potential transaction is significantly affected by market conditions.The preliminary purchase price is EUR 15.6 million and it is paid in full in cash. The assets and liabilities of the acquired company were measured at fair value at the acquisition date. A fair value allocation of EUR 9.0 million was made on the properties  a fair value allocation of EUR 0.6 million was made on the intangible assets based on customer relationships  and the fair value adjustment relating to inventory was EUR 0.5 million. The deferred tax liability arising from the fair value adjustments amounted to EUR 2.1 million. The carrying amount of the other acquired assets and liabilities were deemed to correspond to their fair values. A goodwill balance of EUR 0.4 million resulted from the acquisition. The acquisition-related costs of approximately one million euro were recognized in the Leipurin segment’s other operating expenses.Preliminary acquisition calculation of Kobia AB 9/2022 MEUR Consideration Paid in cash 15.6 Total consideration 15.6 Assets acquired and liabilities assumed  fair value Intangible assets 1.0 Tangible assets 12.9 Leased assets 0.3 Inventories 4.8 Accounts receivable and other receivables 5.0 Total assets 24.0 Interest bearing liabilities 1.2 Accounts payable and other liabilities 5.3 Deferred tax liability 2.2 Total liabilities 8.7 Net assets acquired 15.3 Goodwill 0.4Discontinued operations and other non-current assets and disposal groups held for saleThe Kauko operating segment and Vulganus Oy  part of the Leipurin segment  were defined as non-core businesses for Aspo in December 2021. Vulganus was sold on 30 June 2022 to a leading Austrian bakery machine manufacturer KÖNIG Maschinen GmbH. The results of Vulganus  including the divestment loss of EUR -0.4 million are reported as part of the Leipurin segment’s figures and Aspo Group’s continuing operations.The Kauko operating segment has been classified as a discontinued operation in group reporting in accordance with IFRS 5 standard  and its results and balance sheet items are reported separately from the continuing operations of Aspo Group. In the statement of comprehensive income  the figures of the comparative periods have been restated. On the balance sheet  the assets of the Kauko operating segment are reported under “Assets held for sale” and liabilities under “Liabilities directly associated with assets classified as held for sale”. The reporting of balance sheet items on separate rows starts at the time of classification  therefore the figures of the comparative period of September 2021 have not been restated.Profit from discontinued operations 7-9/2022 7-9/2021 1-9/2022 1-9/2021 1-12/2021 MEUR MEUR MEUR MEUR MEUR Net sales 2.3 3.4 8.4 9.9 13.1 Materials and services -1.8 -2.5 -6.3 -7.3 -9.6 Employee benefit expenses -0.3 -0.4 -1.3 -1.3 -1.7 Depreciation  amortization and impairment losses 0.0 -3.5 -1.3 -3.5 -3.5 Depreciation  leased assets 0.0 0.0 0.0 -0.1 -0.1 Other operating expenses -0.4 -0.2 -1.1 -0.8 -1.2 Operating profit -0.2 -3.2 -1.6 -3.1 -3.0 Profit before taxes -0.2 -3.2 -1.6 -3.1 -3.0 Income taxes -0.1 Profit for the period -0.2 -3.2 -1.7 -3.1 -3.0Profit from discontinued operations includes the income and expenses of Kauko operating segment  insofar as they are considered to transfer outside Aspo Group in conjunction with the divestment. Therefore  the profit from discontinued operations does not include all internal administrative charges of Aspo Group allocated to Kauko operating segment. As a result  the profit from discontinued operations during the third quarter is EUR 0.2 (0.2) million higher than the Kauko operating segment’s profit. An impairment loss of EUR -1.3 million was recognized on Kauko’s goodwill in June 2022. An impairment loss of EUR -3.4 million was recognized on Kauko’s goodwill in the third quarter of 2021. There is no goodwill left in the Kauko operating segment.Assets and liabilities classified as held for sale 9/2022 12/2021 MEUR MEUR Assets of discontinued operations 3.0 5.5 Other assets held for sale 2.9 Assets classified as held for sale  total 3.0 8.4 Liabilities of discontinued operations 2.1 4.9 Liabilities directly associated with assets classified as held for sale 1.9 Liabilities directly associated with assets classified as held for sale  total 2.1 6.8Assets and liabilities of discontinued operations include the figures of the Kauko operating segment. The other assets held for sale with associated liabilities at the end of year 2021 pertain to Vulganus Oy. The classification includes the share of the assets and liabilities of Aspo Group that belong to the Kauko operating segment and Vulganus Oy  excluding internal assets and liabilities which are eliminated in consolidation. Assets and liabilities have been measured at their carrying amount. For Kauko and Vulganus the recognition of depreciation ended at the time of classification as held for sale on December 1  2021.Net cash flows of discontinued operations 1-9/2022 1-9/2021 1-12/2021 MEUR MEUR MEUR Net cash inflow from operating activities -0.4 0.3 0.4 Net cash inflowithoutflow(-) from investing activities 0.0 0.0 0.0 Net cash inflowithoutflow(-) from financing activities -1.6 -1.6 -1.6 Net change in cash generated by the discontinued operations -2.0 -1.3 -1.2Net cash flows of discontinued operations consist of the Kauko operating segment’s share of Aspo Group’s cash flows.Restricted cashAspo Group has EUR 14.0 million cash and cash equivalent balances in Russia the use of which are strictly limited by the Russian government and controlled by the banks. During the third quarter of 2022 dividend and commercial payments have still been successful. Further  as to our knowledge the sales prices of the businesses to be sold are estimated to be transferrable in connection with the sale. However  there is a risk that the cash equivalent balances in Russia are not fully available for use by the Group going forward and therefore regarded as restricted cash under IAS 7.Events after the review periodOn September 28  Telko announced that it will acquire the business of Johan Steenks  a Norwegian distributor of engineering plastics and plastic additives  and the transaction was completed on October 3.On October 17  Telko signed a binding framework agreement according to which it will sell the share capital of its Russian subsidiary Telko OOO to Russian industrial operator GK Himik. The sales price is approximately EUR 9.5 million. The completion of the transaction requires an approval of the Russian authorities. Rights to Telko's name and trademarks are not included in the sale. As a result of the divestment  Aspo estimates that it will recognize a total expense of approximately EUR 9 million  including a write-down of the company’s net assets and also an impairment loss on Telko’s goodwill  as well as the transaction costs. In addition  based on the current exchange rate of the Russian ruble  an amount of approximately EUR 3 million would be recognized as an expense due to translation differences  which does not reduce the equity of the Group.On October 17  Aspo upgraded its financial guidance for full-year 2022 especially due to the better-than-estimated development of ESL Shipping and outlook for the rest of the year. Aspo’s new financial guidance for 2022 is: Aspo Group's comparable operating profit will be EUR 52–57 (EUR 42.4) million in 2022. Previous guidance for 2022  issued on June 14  2022  was: Aspo Group’s comparable operating profit will improve from previous year (EUR 42.4 million).On October 25  Miska Kuusela was appointed the new Managing Director of Leipurin and a member of the Group Executive Committee of Aspo Group. Kuusela will start in his position on January 2  2023. Aspo Group’s CEO Rolf Jansson will act as the interim Managing Director until Miska Kuusela starts in his role.On November 1  Aspo announced that it has sold Kauko to Signal Partners Oy.Helsinki  November 2  2022Aspo PlcBoard of DirectorsPress and analyst conferenceA press  analyst and investor conference will be held at FLIK’s Eliel studio in Sanomatalo  Töölönlahdenkatu 2  00100 Helsinki on Wednesday  November 2  2022 at 2 p.m.The interim report will be presented by CEO Rolf Jansson. The presentation material will be available at www.aspo.com/en before the press conference.The press conference will be held in English  and it can be followed by a live webcast at https://aspo.videosync.fi/q3_2022. After the presentation  it is possible to ask question via telephone by registering through https://call.vsy.io/access-7794. After the registration you will be provided phone numbers and a conference ID to access the conference. The recording of the event will be available on the company’s website later on the same day.Helsinki  November 2  2022Aspo PlcRolf Jansson Arto Meitsalo CEO CFOFor more information  please contact:Rolf Jansson  +358 40 060 0264  rolf.jansson@aspo.comDISTRIBUTION:Nasdaq HelsinkiKey mediawww.aspo.comAspo produces value by owning and developing its businesses responsibly in the long term. The target of the owned businesses is to be the market leaders in their respective fields. The businesses are responsible for their operations  customer relationships and their development  aiming to reach a leading position in sustainability. Aspo supports the success and growth of its businesses through its best capabilities. Aspo Group has business operations in 18 different countries  and it employs approximately 900 professionals.Attachment,neutral,0.03,0.97,0.0,mixed,0.46,0.18,0.36,True,English,"['Aspo Group interim report', 'Q3 comparable operating profit', 'Strong financial performance', 'net sales', 'September', 'EUR', 'comparable operating profit rate', 'Q3 comparable operating profit', 'Aspo Group interim report', 'Free cash flow', 'Swedish bakery distributor', 'plastics distribution business', 'Strong financial performance', 'solid performance', 'operating activities', 'Net cash', 'financial reporting', 'Norwegian distributor', 'engineering plastics', 'financial figures', 'net sales', 'ESL Shipping', 'continuing operations', 'Other operations', 'discontinued operations', 'Rolf Jansson', 'sales drop', 'Eastern market', 'target level', 'great continuum', 'successful year', 'milestone acquisition', 'competition authorities', 'integration work', 'Structural changes', 'right direction', 'Johan Steenks', 'plastic additives', 'customer base', 'local markets', 'Group total', 'Aspo Oyj', 'Aspo Plc', 'third quarter', 'record quarter', 'Key figures', 'corresponding period', 'strategy execution', '8 Equity ratio', 'November', 'September', 'EUR', 'brackets', 'July', 'Telko', 'Leipurin', 'Items', 'comparability', 'Earnings', 'share', 'Story', 'Guidance', 'October', 'taxes', 'EPS', 'Return', 'ROE', '2.0 Gearing', 'CEO', 'comments', 'strides', 'Kobia', 'company', '9', '30', '2021', '2022']",2022-11-02,2022-11-03,finance.yahoo.com
12541,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/isofol-appoints-nomination-committee-ahead-of-the-annual-general-meeting-2023-301667823.html,Isofol appoints nomination committee ahead of the Annual General Meeting 2023,"GOTHENBURG  Sweden  Nov. 3  2022 /PRNewswire/ -- Isofol Medical AB (publ)  (Nasdaq Stockholm: ISOFOL)  (""Isofol"" or the ""Company"")  announced today that the members of the nomination committee for the Annual General Meeting 2023 have been appointed in accorda…","GOTHENBURG  Sweden  Nov. 3  2022 /PRNewswire/ -- Isofol Medical AB (publ)  (Nasdaq Stockholm: ISOFOL)  (""Isofol"" or the ""Company"")  announced today that the members of the nomination committee for the Annual General Meeting 2023 have been appointed in accordance with the principles for appointing nomination committees that were adopted at the Annual General Meeting on May 19  2022.According to the instructions for appointment of the nomination committee for Isofol Medical AB (publ)  the nomination committee shall consist of three members  representatives appointed by the three largest shareholders in the company in terms of the number of votes based on the share register or other reliable information provided by Euroclear Sweden AB as of September 30  2022. Another nomination committee member may be appointed by minority shareholders representing at least 10 percent of the votes. The chairman of the nomination committee shall consist of the largest shareholder in terms of votes at the time of the nomination committee's appearance  unless the nomination committee agrees otherwise  and may not consist of the chairman of the board or another board member. The chairman of the board shall not be part of the nomination committee  but is normally a co-opted member at its meetings.The nomination committee ahead of the AGM 2023 consists of the following members:Lars Lind   chairman of the nomination committee   appointed by Hans Enocsson representing approximately 2.82 percent of the shares and votes     appointed by Hans Enocsson representing approximately 2.82 percent of the shares and votes  Malin Björkmo   appointed by Handelsbanken Fonder representing approximately 1.97 percent of the shares and votes  and  appointed by Handelsbanken Fonder representing approximately 1.97 percent of the shares and votes  and Johan Möller  appointed by Bengt Halse representing about 1.31 percent of the shares and votesIn addition  representatives of minority owners representing approximately 12.51 percent of votes and shares have appointed Matsola Palm.The members of the nomination committee are appointed by owners who represent a total of about 18.61 percent of the total number of shares and votes in Isofol Medical AB (publ) according to the ownership conditions as of September 30  2022.Information about the nomination committee's work and the instructions to the nomination committee can be found on the company website under the section for Corporate Governance. The nomination committee's proposal will be presented in the summons to the annual general meeting 2023 and on the company's website  www.isofolmedical.com.Shareholders who wish to submit proposals to the nomination committee shall do this in writing by sending an e-mail to [email protected] (heading: ""Isofol's nomination committee"") or by mail to the following address:Isofol Medical AB (publ)Att. ValberedningenArvid Wallgrens Backe 20413 46 GOTHENBURGSWEDENAny proposals must be received by the nomination committee no later than March 12  2023  to be included in the notice and agenda for the Annual General Meeting 2023.For more information  please contactJan Törnell  chairman of the boardE-mail: [email protected]Isofol Medical AB (publ)Jarl Ulf Jungnelius  M.D.  CEOE-mail: [email protected]Telephone: +46 709-16 89 55The information was submitted for publication  through the agency of the contact person set out above  at 15:15 CET  on November 3  2022.About Isofol Medical AB (publ)Isofol Medical AB (publ) is a clinical stage biotech company that is developing and improving current standards of care for people living with cancer by increasing the efficacy of the current chemotherapeutic standards of care. Isofol is focused on developing a first line treatment for metastatic colorectal cancer (mCRC) and seeks to elevate current clinical practice by unlocking the full strength of 5-FU with the addition of arfolitixorin. Isofol holds a worldwide exclusive licensing agreement with Merck & Cie  Schaffhausen  Germany to develop and commercialize arfolitixorin for use in oncology. Isofol Medical AB (publ) is traded on Nasdaq Stockholm.www.isofolmedical.comThe following files are available for download:SOURCE Isofol Medical AB (publ)",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'nomination committee', 'Isofol', 'worldwide exclusive licensing agreement', 'clinical stage biotech company', 'SOURCE Isofol Medical AB', 'current clinical practice', 'Annual General Meeting', 'Malin Björkmo', 'Jan Törnell', 'Jarl Ulf Jungnelius', 'first line treatment', 'Johan Möller', 'current chemotherapeutic standards', 'metastatic colorectal cancer', 'Euroclear Sweden AB', 'other reliable information', 'three largest shareholders', 'nomination committee member', 'current standards', 'M.D.', 'nomination committees', 'Nasdaq Stockholm', 'three members', 'share register', 'minority shareholders', 'Lars Lind', 'Hans Enocsson', 'Handelsbanken Fonder', 'Bengt Halse', 'Matsola Palm', 'ownership conditions', 'Corporate Governance', 'following address', 'Att. Valberedningen', 'Arvid Wallgrens', 'contact person', 'full strength', 'following files', 'following members', 'minority owners', 'company website', 'board member', 'total number', 'GOTHENBURG', 'publ', 'accordance', 'principles', 'May', 'instructions', 'appointment', 'representatives', 'terms', 'votes', 'September', '10 percent', 'chairman', 'time', 'appearance', 'part', 'meetings', 'AGM', '2.82 percent', 'shares', '1.97 percent', '1.31 percent', 'addition', '12.51 percent', '18.61 percent', 'work', 'section', 'proposal', 'summons', 'writing', 'mail', 'March', 'notice', 'agenda', 'CEO', 'Telephone', 'agency', '15:15 CET', 'November', 'care', 'people', 'efficacy', 'mCRC', '5-FU', 'arfolitixorin', 'Merck', 'Cie', 'Schaffhausen', 'Germany', 'oncology', 'download']",2022-11-03,2022-11-03,prnewswire.com
12542,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2022/11/03/2548096/0/en/Euronext-publishes-Q3-2022-results.html,Euronext publishes Q3 2022 results,Contacts Media  Contact Investor Relations  Amsterdam  +31 20 721 4133  Brussels  +32 2 620 15 50  +33 1 70 48 24 27  Dublin  +33 1 70 48 24 45  Lisbon...,"Contacts Media Contact Investor Relations Amsterdam +31 20 721 4133 Brussels +32 2 620 15 50 +33 1 70 48 24 27 Dublin +33 1 70 48 24 45 Lisbon +351 210 600 614 Milan +39 02 72 42 62 12 Oslo +47 41 69 59 10 Paris +33 1 70 48 24 45Euronext publishes Q3 2022 resultsSolid quarter demonstrating Euronext’s diversified business model and continued cost discipline  in line with 2022 cost guidanceAmsterdam  Brussels  Dublin  Lisbon  Milan  Oslo and Paris – 3 November 2022 – Euronext  the leading pan-European market infrastructure  today publishes its results for the third quarter 2022.Q 3 2022 underlying revenue and income was stable com pared to Q 3 2021 underlying revenue and income 1   at € 350.3 million ( - 0. 1 % 2 reported   - € 0.3 million   reported revenue and income at €301.4 million ) illustrating the strong performance of non -volume related business : Non-volume related revenue accounted for 59% of Q3 2022 underlying revenue 1 (vs. 57% in Q3 2021) and covered 138% of underlying operating expenses  excluding D&A (vs. 142% in Q3 2021). Trading revenue was down at €117.8 million (-6.0% like-for-like  -5.2% reported)  resulting from lower cash equity and MTS Cash volumes  partially offset by efficient yield management and strong quarters for FX  derivatives and power trading. Post-trade revenue (excluding NTI) grew to €86.2 million (+2.2% like-for-like  +3.7% reported). Custody and Settlement revenue was €57.1 million (+0.5% like-for-like  +2.8% reported) thanks to the diversified Euronext Securities business model in a normalising settlement environment. Clearing revenue increased to €29.1 million (+5.5% like-for-like  +5.5% reported) as a result of growing bonds and derivatives clearing activity. Net treasury income for Euronext Clearing was -€38.3 million  including -€49.0 million of non-underlying pre-tax loss following the partial disposal of the Euronext Clearing portfolio 1   as announced in Euronext second quarter 2022 results. Listing revenue grew to €54.0 million (+5.9% like-for-like  +6.3% reported)  demonstrating the resilience of the business in tough market conditions. Euronext remained the leading venue for equity listing in Europe and for debt listing worldwide. Euronext recorded 18 new equity listings in Q3 2022. Four new companies joined the new Euronext Tech Leaders segment following its launch in June 2022. Advanced Data Services revenue grew to €53.0 million (+6.5% like-for-like  +6.3% reported)  driven by a strong performance across the offering.Adjusted EBITDA 3 was at € 199.9 million ( -4.4% reported   - € 9.2 million) reflecting continued cost disciplin e in an inflationary environment . A djusted EBITDA margin was at 57.1% ( - 2.6 pt s like-for-like   - 2.6 p t s reported ): Underlying operating expenses  excluding D&A  were €150.4 million (+5.6% like-for-like  +6.3% reported)  in line with 2022 cost guidance of €612 million of underlying costs.Reported net income  share of the parent company shareholders  was down -34. 5 % to€ 7 5 . 8 million (- € 40 . 0 million)   mainly due to the non-underlying one-off loss in n et t reasury i ncome : Net financing expenses were at €4.6 million and results from equity investments amounted to €1.7 million. Income tax rate was at 26.2%.Adjusted EPS 4 was down -3.2% at € 1. 2 1 5 .. Key figures for Q3 2022:In €m  unless stated otherwise Q3 2022 Q3 2021 % var % varl-f-l6 Revenue and income 301.4 350.6 -14.0% -0.8% Underlying revenue and income1 350.3 350.6 -0.1% -0.8% Underlying operational expenses excluding D&A (150.4) (141.5) +6.3% +5.6% Adjusted EBITDA 199.9 209.1 -4.4% -5.2% Adjusted EBITDA margin 57.1% 59.6% -2.6pts -2.6pts Net income  share of the parent company shareholders 75.8 115.8 -34.5% Adjusted Net income  share of the parent company shareholders 129.5 137.0 -5.5% Adjusted EPS (basic  in€) (share count differs between the two periods) 1.21 1.25 -3.2% Reported EPS (basic  in€) (share count differs between the two periods) 0.71 1.08 -34.2% Adjusted EPS (diluted  in€) (share count differs between the two periods) 1.21 1.25 -3.2% Reported EPS (diluted  in€) (share count differs between the two periods) 0.71 1.08 -34.2%Net debt to reported EBITDA 7 was at 2. 3 x at the end of September 2022 .Continued delivery of targeted synergies in relation to the Borsa Italiana Group acquisition : € 24.4 million cumulated run-rate annual synergies achieved at the end of Q3 2022. €0.3 million run-rate annual synergies delivered in Q3 2022. €37.9 million of cumulated implementation costs incurred at the end of Q3 2022  of which €1.2 million during Q3 2022.Continued advancement of the integration of the Borsa Italiana Group: Euronext has successfully introduced a new listing framework in Italy  which is harmonised with Group and global standards. The harmonisation of the listing framework will benefit Italian issuers and strengthen the Italian capital market ecosystem. Euronext confirmed the first phase of the migration of Borsa Italiana cash markets onto Optiq ® in March 2023. The migration to the Euronext state-of-the-art proprietary trading platform will provide Euronext and Borsa Italiana clients with significant benefits while retaining a strong local footprint  as demonstrated in the two previous successful migrations in Ireland and Norway. Euronext confirmed the first phase of the expansion of Euronext Clearing with the expected launch of the equity clearing offering by the end of 2023. This is the first milestone in the transformation of Euronext Clearing to create the Euronext clearing house of choice for its cash equity markets  further ensuring strategic alignment between the Euronext markets and its clearing house.Stéphane Boujnah  Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Managing Board of Euronext  said:“This third quarter of 2022 demonstrated the robustness of Euronext’s diversified business model in a more challenging trading environment. We recorded strong growth in our non-volume related activities  as well as good performance of derivatives  FX and power trading activities. Euronext confirmed its position as the main trading venue in Europe this quarter  providing market participants with the highest market quality and depth. Combined with continued cost discipline  in line with our 2022 cost guidance  this led to robust adjusted EBITDA and adjusted net income.We continued working on the integration of the Borsa Italiana Group and delivery of the ‘Growth for Impact 2024’ strategic plan. €24.4 million cumulated run-rate annual synergies in relation to the acquisition of the Borsa Italiana Group were reached at the end of Q3 2022.Going forward  the simplification of listing rules in Italy announced in September will facilitate access to financing for local and international issuers  further reinforcing Euronext’s position as the leading listing venue in Europe. Additional major milestones in the delivery of our ‘Growth for Impact 2024’ strategic plan will be achieved in 2023. Italian and European clients will soon benefit from the migration of the Italian cash markets to the Euronext state-of-the-art proprietary trading platform Optiq® in March 2023  joining the largest liquidity pool in Europe. In addition  in relation to the acquisition of the Borsa Italiana Group  Euronext Clearing will become the Euronext clearing house of choice for equity clearing by the end of 2023. These strategic deliveries will further unlock a significant part of the targeted synergies. Our diversified business model combined with continued cost discipline gives us the confidence to face macro-economic challenges in 2023.”Euronext Q3 2022 financial performanceIn €m  unless stated otherwiseThe figures in this document have not been audited or reviewed by our external auditor. Q3 2022 Q3 2021 % var % var(like-for-like  constant currencies) Revenue and income 301.4 350.6 -14.0% -0.8% Underlying revenue and income 350.3 350.6 -0.1% -0.8% Listing 54.0 50.8 +6.3% +5.9% Trading revenue  of which 117.8 124.2 -5.2% -6.0% Cash trading 67.3 75.0 -10.2% -10.2% Derivatives trading 14.0 13.5 +3.3% +3.2% Fixed income trading 21.4 23.8 -9.8% -9.8% FX trading 7.3 5.6 +30.1% +11.2% Power trading 7.8 6.3 +23.5% +20.2% Investor Services 2.5 2.1 +16.3% +12.2% Advanced Data Services 53.0 49.8 +6.3% +6.5% Post-Trade  of which 86.2 83.1 +3.7% +2.2% Clearing 29.1 27.5 +5.5% +5.5% Custody and Settlement 57.1 55.6 +2.8% +0.5% Euronext Technology Solutions & Other 26.0 24.4 +6.7% +6.5% NTI through CCP business (38.3) 12.9 -395.8% -17.6% Other income (0.5) 0.8 -161.3% -160.6% Transitional revenues 0.6 2.3 -72.0% -72.0% Underlying operational expenses exc. D&A (150.4) (141.5) +6.3% +5.6% Adjusted EBITDA 199.9 209.1 -4.4% -5.2% Adjusted EBITDA margin 57.1% 59.6% -2.6pts -2.6pts Operating expenses exc. D&A (153.0) (149.0) +2.7% +5.6% EBITDA 148.3 201.6 -26.4% -5.2% Depreciation & Amortisation (38.8) (38.5) +0.8% -10.3% Total Expenses (inc. D&A) (191.9) (187.5) +2.3% +3.9% Adjusted operating profit 183.8 191.3 -3.9% -4.7% Operating Profit 109.5 163.1 -32.9% Net financing income / (expense) (4.6) (7.3) -36.6% Results from equity investments 1.7 11.8 -85.5% Profit before income tax 106.6 167.6 -36.4% Income tax expense (27.9) (48.5) -42.6% Share of non-controlling interests (2.9) (3.2) -10.7% Net income  share of the parent company shareholders 75.8 115.8 -34.5% Adjusted Net income  share of the parent company shareholders8 129.5 137.0 -5.5% Adjusted EPS (basic  in€) 1.21 1.25 -3.2% Reported EPS (basic  in€) 0.71 1.08 -34.2% Adjusted EPS (diluted  in€) 1.21 1.25 -3.2% Reported EPS (diluted  in€) 0.71 1.08 -34.2%Q3 2022 revenue and incomeIn Q3 2022  Euronext consolidated revenue and income amounted to €301.4 million  down -14.0% compared to Q3 2021  mainly due to the €49.0 million non-underlying  one-off pre-tax loss (€35 million post-tax) related to the partial disposal of the Euronext Clearing portfolio9  partially offset by the robust performance of non-volume related activities and the good performance of derivatives  FX and power trading activities. Underlying revenue and income  excluding the non-underlying  one-off  loss related to the partial disposal of the Euronext Clearing portfolio  was slightly down -0.8% in Q3 2022  to €350.3 million. On a like-for-like basis and at constant currencies  Euronext consolidated revenue and income was down -0.8% in Q3 2022  to €349.4 million  compared to Q3 2021.Non-volume related revenue accounted for 59% of underlying Group revenue in Q3 2022  compared to 57% in Q3 2021  reflecting the successful diversification towards non-volume related activities and challenging environment for cash trading and MTS cash trading this quarter. The underlying operating expenses excluding D&A coverage by non-volume related revenue ratio was at 138% in Q3 2022  compared to 142% in Q3 2021.Q3 2022 adjusted EBITDAUnderlying operational expenses excluding depreciation and amortisation increased to -€150.4 million  up +6.3%  reflecting continued cost discipline in a post-pandemic context and higher clearing expenses  and in line with 2022 guidance of €612 million underlying costs. On a like-for-like basis  underlying operational expenses excluding depreciation and amortisation increased by +5.6% compared to Q3 2021 that was positively impacted by the decrease of travel and marketing due to the pandemic.Consequently  adjusted EBITDA for the quarter totalled €199.9 million  down -4.4% compared to Q3 2021. This represents an adjusted EBITDA margin of 57.1%  down -2.6 points compared to Q3 2021 due to the decrease in volume-related revenue  which was partly offset by resilient non-trading related revenue and continued cost discipline. On a like-for-like basis  adjusted EBITDA for Q3 2022 was down-5.2%  to €199.3 million  and adjusted EBITDA margin was 57.0%  down -2.6 points compared to the same perimeter in Q3 2021.Q3 2022 net income  share of the parent company shareholdersDepreciation and amortisation accounted for €38.8 million in Q3 2022  stable compared to Q3 2021. PPA related to acquired businesses accounted for €20.9 million.Adjusted operating profit was €183.8 million  a -3.9% decrease compared to Q3 2021. On a like-for-like basis  adjusted operating profit was down -4.7% compared to Q3 2021  at €183.2 million.€25.4 million of non-underlying expenses  including depreciation and amortisation  were reported in Q3 2022  related to the integration of the Borsa Italiana Group  the implementation of the ‘Growth for Impact 2024’ strategic plan and the PPA of acquired businesses.Net financing expense for Q3 2022 was €4.6 million compared to a net financing expense of €7.3 million in Q3 2021. This decrease results from a positive revaluation of foreign currencies balances impact in Q3 2022.Results from equity investments amounted to €1.7 million in Q3 2022  solely representing the contribution received from LCH SA  in which Euronext owns an 11.1% stake. As a reminder  in Q3 2021  Euronext reported €11.8 million of results from equity investments  reflecting a dividend payment by Euroclear in addition to the contribution received from LCH SA.Income tax for Q3 2022 was €27.9 million. This translated into an effective tax rate of 26.2% for the quarter (Q3 2021: €48.5 million and 29.0% respectively).Share of non-controlling interests mainly relating to the Borsa Italiana Group and Nord Pool amounted to €2.9 million in Q3 2022.As a result  the reported net income  share of the parent company shareholders  decreased by -34.5% for Q3 2022 compared to Q3 2021  to €75.8 million  including the one-off loss due to the partial disposal10 of the Euronext Clearing portfolio. This represents a reported EPS of €0.71 basic and €0.71 fully diluted in Q3 2022  compared to €1.08 basic and €1.08 fully diluted in Q3 2021. The weighted number of shares used over the first nine months of 2022 was 106 652 256 for the basic calculation and 106 857 642 for the fully diluted calculation.Adjusted net income  share of the parent company shareholders was down -5.5% to €129.5 million. Adjusted EPS (basic) was down -3.2% in Q3 2022  at €1.21 per share  based on 106 652 256 shares for the first nine months of 2022  compared to an adjusted EPS (basic) of €1.25 per share in Q3 2021  based on 92 447 841 shares for the first nine months of 2021.In Q3 2022  Euronext reported a net cash flow from operating activities of €318.1 million  compared to €213.5 million in Q3 2021  reflecting higher positive changes in working capital partially offsetting the lower profit before tax. Excluding the impact on working capital from Euronext Clearing and Nord Pool CCP activities  net cash flow from operating activities accounted for 179% of EBITDA in Q3 2022.Business highlightsListingin €m  unless stated otherwise Q3 2022 Q3 2021 % change Listing revenue 54.0 50.8 +6.3% Equity 27.4 24.6 +11.2% Annual fees 16.9 15.1 +11.8% Follow-ons 5.4 3.8 +40.7% IPOs 5.1 5.7 -10.2% Debts 8.6 9.3 -7.1% ETFs  Funds & Warrants 5.6 5.5 +1.7% Corporate Services 9.4 9.0 +4.3% ELITE and Other 3.0 2.4 +26.0% Money raised 177 660 379 163 -53.1%Listing revenue was €54.0 million in Q3 2022  an increase of +6.3% compared to Q3 2021  reflecting the resilience of the listing offering driven by the good performance of equity follow-ons  Corporate Services and the positive impact of equity IPO revenue recognition over time11. On a like-for-like basis at constant currencies  listing revenue increased by +5.9% compared to Q3 2021.Euronext’s primary equity listing business sustained its leading position in Europe with 18 new listings in Q3 2022. This compared to 51 new listings in the third quarter of 2021  which was a record year for new listings. The majority of new listings on Euronext were from Tech and innovation-driven companies. The listing of Teract became the sixth successful de-SPAC operation on Euronext markets in 2022  illustrating Euronext’s attractiveness for SPAC listings. In addition  Euronext welcomed its fourth listing from a Euronext Tech Leader company since the inception of the new Tech Leaders programme.In Q3 2022  Euronext’s markets reported €143.8 million raised primary equity issues. This compares to a very strong Q3 2021 with €5.3 billion raised on Euronext primary markets.Euronext’s secondary markets reported €4.8 billion raised in secondary equity issues in Q3 2022  compared to €37.7 billion in Q3 2021.Euronext recorded another strong quarter for ETPs remaining a leading exchange in Europe for the listing of ETPs with 105 new listings.Euronext sustained its position as the leading listing venue for bonds worldwide in Q3 202212 with over 52 500 bonds listed across all Euronext markets  despite a slowdown in global bond listing activity due to rising interest rates and concerns over economic growth. In Q3 2022  €172.8 billion in debt was raised on Euronext markets  reflecting the current market conditions  and compared to €336.2 billion raised in Q3 2021.In total  €177.7 billion in equity and debt was raised on Euronext’s markets in Q3 2022  compared to €379.2 billion in Q3 2021.Euronext Corporate Services reported a solid quarter in terms of revenue at €9.4 million in Q3 2022  up +4.3% compared to Q3 2021  resulting from a solid performance across the offering  despite the seasonally lower activity for events.Tradingin €m  unless stated otherwise Q3 2022 Q3 2021 % change Trading revenue 117.8 124.2 -5.2% Cash trading revenue 67.3 75.0 -10.2% ADV Cash market 9 59910 861-11.6%Derivatives trading revenue 14.0 13.5 +3.3% ADV Derivatives market (in lots) 598 237666 537 -10.2% Fixed income trading revenue 21.4 23.8 -9.8% ADV MTS Cash 15 430 23 388 -34.0% TAADV MTS Repo 323 200 281 898 +14.7% ADV other fixed income 787 673 +16.9% Spot FX trading revenue 7.3 5.6 +30.1% ADV spot FX Market (in USD m) 21 743 17 509 +24.2% Power trading revenue 7.8 6.3 +23.5% ADV Day-ahead power market (in TWH) 2.39 2.02 +18.5% ADV Intraday power market (in TWH) 0.10 0.06 +76.8%Trading revenue on a reported basis.Cash tradingCash trading revenue decreased by -10.2% to €67.3 million in Q3 2022  resulting from lower volumes  which were partially offset by improved revenue capture. Over the third quarter of 2022  Euronext recorded cash average daily volumes of €9.6 billion  a volume decrease of -11.6% compared to Q3 2021. Euronext continued to be the provider of best market quality with a sustained above-average EBBO presence across the equity markets it operates13.Over the third quarter of 2022  Euronext cash trading yield was 0.53 bps  reflecting efficient yield management  and the market share of cash trading averaged 65.9%  in line with pre-COVID pandemic levels.On 13 October 2022  Euronext hosted a virtual educational session on cash equity trading. A replay of the presentation and Q&A session is available here.On a like-for-like basis at constant currencies  cash trading revenue was down -10.2% in Q3 2022 compared to Q3 2021.Derivatives tradingDerivatives trading revenue increased by +3.3% to €14.0 million in Q3 2022 as a result of the strong traction of index derivatives and commodity derivatives trading  combined with enhanced revenue capture  offsetting weaker volumes in equity derivatives trading.During the third quarter of 2022  average daily volume on financial derivatives was 513 781 lots  down -12.0% from Q3 2021 due to a decrease in equity futures and options trading  reflecting a strong comparison basis with a more dynamic environment for corporate events than usual in Q3 2021  and some uncertainties around derivatives transaction tax treatment in Q3 2022.Average daily volumes on commodity derivatives were at 84 456 lots in Q3 2022  up +1.9% compared to Q3 2021  driven by a recovery of the high price environment at the end of the quarter and reflecting the quality of Euronext commodities flows from both financial and commercial players.Euronext revenue capture on derivatives trading was €0.35 per lot for the third quarter of 2022  reflecting a positively geared volume mix and solid revenue capture.On a like-for-like basis at constant currencies  derivatives trading revenue was up +3.2% in Q3 2022 compared to Q3 2021.Fixed income tradingFixed income trading reported revenue was at €21.4 million in Q3 2022  compared to €23.8 million in Q3 2021  reflecting an economic environment in Europe favouring money market trading volumes. MTS reported an overall robust performance in markets dominated by increasing interest rates. For the third quarter of 2022  MTS Cash reported €13.1 million of revenue and MTS Repo reported €5.4 million of revenue.The third quarter saw the strong traction in Repo trading continue  with term-adjusted average daily volumes up +14.7% compared to Q3 2021 to €323.2 billion. This partially offset lower MTS Cash average daily volumes  down -34.0% to €15.4 billion  compared to €23.4 billion in Q3 2021.On a like-for-like basis at constant currencies  fixed income trading revenue was down -9.8% in Q3 2022 compared to Q3 2021.FX tradingFX trading reported revenue at €7.3 million in Q3 2022  up +30.1% from Q3 2021. Euronext FX trading volumes and revenue benefited from the continued positive momentum with heightened volatility  geographic expansion and product diversification.Over the third quarter of 2022  average daily volumes of USD21.7 billion were recorded  up +24.2% compared to Q3 2021.On a like-for-like basis at constant currencies  FX trading revenue was up +11.2% in Q3 2022 compared to Q3 2021.Power tradingPower trading reported €7.8 million in revenue in Q3 2022  representing a strong growth of +23.5% compared to Q3 2021  driven by dynamic volumes  the increased footprint of Nord Pool in central Europe  UK and Ireland  and a continued robust performance in the Nordics. Over the third quarter of 2022  average daily day-ahead power traded was 2.39TWh  up +18.5% compared to Q3 2021  and average daily intraday power traded was 0.10TWh  up +76.8% compared to Q3 2021.On a like-for-like basis at constant currencies  power trading revenue was up +20.2% compared to Q3 2021.Investor ServicesInvestor Services reported €2.5 million revenue in Q3 2022  representing a +16.3% increase compared to a very strong Q3 2021  resulting from continued commercial expansion partially offset by a reduction of scope.On a like-for-like basis at constant currencies  Investor Services revenue was up +12.2% compared to Q3 2021.Advanced Data ServicesAdvanced Data Services revenue was €53.0 million in Q3 2022  up +6.3% from Q3 2021  driven by the strong traction of the core data business  solid index activities and good momentum of the advanced data solutions franchise.On a like-for-like basis at constant currencies  Advanced Data Services revenue was up +6.5% compared to Q3 2021.Post Tradein €m  unless stated otherwise Q3 2022 Q3 2021 % var Post-trade revenue (exc. NTI) 86.2 83.1 +3.7% Clearing 29.1 27.5 +5.5% Revenue from LCH SA 18.7 17.1 +9.4% Revenue from Euronext Clearing 10.4 10.5 -0.8% Custody  Settlement and other Post-Trade activities 57.1 55.6 +2.8% Net treasury income through CCP business (38.3) 12.9 -395.8%ClearingClearing revenue was up +5.5% to €29.1 million in Q3 2022  as a result of solid activity from Euronext Clearing and higher revenue received from LCH SA driven by increased derivatives and bond clearing volumes. Non-volume related clearing revenue (including membership fees  treasury income received from LCH SA) accounted for €9.5 million of the total clearing revenue in Q3 2022.Euronext Clearing activities reflected an uplift in cleared volumes for derivatives and bond clearing. In Q3 2022  Euronext Clearing revenue included €1.5 million from derivatives clearing  €3.8 million from equities clearing  and €2.2 million from bonds clearing.On a like-for-like basis at constant currencies  clearing revenue was up +5.5% compared to Q3 2021.Net treasury incomeAs announced with the Q2 2022 results  Euronext Clearing has engaged in a partial disposal of its portfolio14. Subsequently  a one-off pre-tax loss of €49.0 million has been recorded in Q3 2022 as net treasury income. The post-tax impact is a loss of €35 million. As a consequence  the net treasury income reported a loss of €38.3 million in Q3 2022. Adjusting for the one-off impact mentioned above  the net treasury income was at €10.7 million  reflecting a lower spread compared to Q2 2022 on stable level of cash held over the quarter.As the sale of the portfolio had no negative impact on the available capital of the Group  Euronext decided that the dividend for the fiscal year 2022 will be adjusted to neutralize any negative impact from this operation.Custody  Settlement and other Post-Trade activitiesRevenue from Custody  Settlement and other Post-Trade activities  including the activities of Euronext Securities (Copenhagen  Milan  Oslo  Porto)  was €57.1 million in Q3 2022  up +2.8% compared to Q3 2021  resulting from the diversified business model of Euronext Securities enabling it to capture value in a normalising settlement environment. 29 541 795 settlement instructions were processed in the third quarter of 2022 and assets under custody reached €6.1 trillion. As a reminder  the third quarter is usually the lowest quarter in Euronext Securities activity  reflecting several seasonal impacts.On a like-for-like basis at constant currencies  Custody  Settlement and other Post-Trade revenue was up +0.5% compared to Q3 2021.Euronext Technologies and Other revenueEuronext Technologies and Other revenue grew to €26.0 million in Q3 2022  up +6.7% from Q3 2021  reflecting a whole quarter of additional revenue generated through Euronext’s new Core Data Centre following the migration to the new data centre on 6 June 2022.On a like-for-like basis at constant currencies  Euronext Technologies and Other revenue was up +6.5% compared to Q3 2021.Q3 2022 corporate highlights since publication of the Q2 2022 results on 28 July 2022New listing framework in ItalyOn 23 September 2022  Euronext announced the simplification of the listing rules at Borsa Italiana  to the benefit of companies aiming to raise capital on its regulated market  Euronext Milan. Driven by the integration of Borsa Italiana into Euronext  the changes to Euronext Milan’s listing rules align the listing process in Italy with European and global standards.The amendments to the listing rules of Euronext Milan aim to simplify the requirements for issuers preparing to go public  thereby reducing workload and time for market participants.Specifically  the documentation requirements  the extent of Borsa Italiana’s role in reviewing listings and the Sponsor’s responsibilities have been significantly simplified.These simplifications are in line with Euronext’s commitment to facilitating access to financing on its venues  for both local and international issuers.The migration of Borsa Italiana markets to Euronext’s state-of-the-art Optiq® technology and single order book  planned for 202315  will bring further benefits to Italian capital markets  increasing the liquidity and visibility of Italian issuers.The amendments to the Borsa Italiana listing rules came into force on 3 October 2022.ESG innovation across the GroupEuronext has introduced a new section for ESG bonds from companies with the most ambitious climate targets  aligned with the aim to limit the global temperature increase to 1.5°C. To be included in this section  issuers of ESG bonds must have committed to science-based climate targets for a 1.5° pathway  validated by the SBTi.Euronext ESG Funds are now available to investors via a trading platform for open-ended investment funds. It gives investors access to a broad range of ESG funds available from leading asset managers within a safe and secure trading infrastructure. ESG funds available on Euronext are classified as Article 8 funds (light green) or Article 9 funds (dark green) in line with the product classifications in the SFDR.New family of crypto indicesIn August 2022  Euronext introduced a family of indices which provide institutional investors with independent and robust cryptocurrency reference prices  to meet their growing need for diversification. This initiative is part of Euronext’s strategy aiming to offer its clients indirect exposure to crypto assets through a diversified product set.Based on a resilient methodology developed by Compass Financial Technologies  Euronext Crypto Indices serve as independent and transparent prices to value cryptocurrency portfolios  or as benchmarks for investors wishing to issue investment products tracking cryptocurrency prices.Euronext Crypto Indices are calculated based on the collection of all observable rates for one specific cryptocurrency on different selected cyptocurrency exchanges16  following a methodology designed by Compass Financial Technologies  the BMR Index Administrator and Calculation Agent. To be considered as eligible  exchanges need to meet strict criteria in terms of compliance and regulation  transparency  reliability  continuity and IT robustness.Corporate highlights since 30 September 2022Maturities on the Total Return Future on the CAC 40® Index extended to ten yearsEuronext announced the extension of the maturities available on the Total Return Future on the CAC 40® Index17. By making additional maturities up to ten years available on this contract  Euronext further meets the needs of its long-term investors for more capital efficiency.Euronext 2023 financial calendarFull-year 2022 results: Release on Thursday 9 February 2023  after market closing Analysts conference on Friday 10 February 2023  at 9.00am (CET) Quiet period from 20 January to 9 February 2023Q1 2023 results: Release on Tuesday 16 May 2023  after market closing Analysts conference on Wednesday 17 May 2023  at 9.00am (CEST) Quiet period from 26 April to 16 May 2023Annual General Meeting of Shareholders: Wednesday 17 May 2023  at 10.30am (CEST)Q2 2023 results: Release on Thursday 27 July 2023  after market closing Analysts conference on Friday 28 July 2023  at 9.00am (CEST) Quiet period from 10 July to 27 July 2023Q3 2023 results: Release on Wednesday 8 November 2023  after market closing Analysts conference on Thursday 9 November 2023  at 9.00am (CET) Quiet period from 19 October to 8 November 2023AgendaA conference call and a webcast will be held on 4 November 2022  at 09.00am CET (Paris time) / 08.00am GMT (London time):Conference call:To connect to the conference call  please dial:UK Number: +44 33 0551 0200 NO Number: +47 2 156 3318 FR Number: +33 1 70 37 71 66 PT Number: +351 3 0880 2081 NL Number: +31 20 708 5073 IR Number: +353 1 436 0959 US Number: +1 212 999 6659 IT Number: +39 06 8336 0400 BE Number: +32 2 789 8603 DE Number: +49 30 3001 90612Password: EuronextLive webcast:For the live audio webcast go to: Euronext Results webcastThe webcast will be available for replay after the call will be available at the webcast link and on the Euronext Investor Relations webpage.CONTACT ANALYSTS & INVESTORS – ir@euronext.com Aurélie Cohen +33 1 70 48 24 27 ir@euronext.com Clément Kubiak +33 1 70 48 26 33 ir@euronext.comCONTACTS MEDIA – mediateam@euronext.com Aurélie Cohen (Europe) +33 1 70 48 24 45 parispressoffice@euronext.com Marianne Aalders (Amsterdam) +31 20 721 41 33 maalders@euronext.com Pascal Brabant (Brussels) +32 2 620 15 50 pbrabant@euronext.com Sandra Machado (Lisbon) +351 210 600 614 smachado@euronext.com Andrea Monzani (Europe/Milan/Rome) +39 02 72 42 62 13 Italypressoffice@euronext.com Cathrine Lorvik Segerlund (Oslo) +47 41 69 59 10 clsegerlund@euronext.com Sarah Mound (Paris/Dublin) +33 1 70 48 24 45 parispressoffice@euronext.comAbout EuronextEuronext is the leading pan-European market infrastructure  connecting European economies to global capital markets  to accelerate innovation and sustainable growth. It operates regulated exchanges in Belgium  France  Ireland  Italy  the Netherlands  Norway and Portugal. With close to 2 000 listed issuers and around €5.7 trillion in market capitalisation as of end September 2022  it has an unmatched blue-chip franchise and a strong diverse domestic and international client base. Euronext operates regulated and transparent equity and derivatives markets  one of Europe’s leading electronic fixed income trading markets and is the largest centre for debt and funds listings in the world. Its total product offering includes Equities  FX  Exchange Traded Funds  Warrants & Certificates  Bonds  Derivatives  Commodities and Indices. The Group provides a multi-asset clearing house through Euronext Clearing  and custody and settlement services through Euronext Securities central securities depositories in Denmark  Italy  Norway and Portugal. Euronext also leverages its expertise in running markets by providing technology and managed services to third parties. In addition to its main regulated market  it also operates a number of junior markets  simplifying access to listing for SMEs.For the latest news  go to euronext.com or follow us on Twitter ( twitter.com/ euronext ) and LinkedIn ( linkedin.com/ euronex t ).DisclaimerThis press release is for information purposes only: it is not a recommendation to engage in investment activities and is provided “as is”  without representation or warranty of any kind. While all reasonable care has been taken to ensure the accuracy of the content  Euronext does not guarantee its accuracy or completeness. Euronext will not be held liable for any loss or damages of any nature ensuing from using  trusting or acting on information provided. No information set out or referred to in this publication may be regarded as creating any right or obligation. The creation of rights and obligations in respect of financial products that are traded on the exchanges operated by Euronext’s subsidiaries shall depend solely on the applicable rules of the market operator. All proprietary rights and interest in or connected with this publication shall vest in Euronext. This press release speaks only as of this date. Euronext refers to Euronext N.V. and its affiliates. Information regarding trademarks and intellectual property rights of Euronext is available at www.euronext.com/terms-use.© 2022  Euronext N.V. - All rights reserved.The Euronext Group processes your personal data in order to provide you with information about Euronext (the ""Purpose""). With regard to the processing of this personal data  Euronext will comply with its obligations under Regulation (EU) 2016/679 of the European Parliament and Council of 27 April 2016 (General Data Protection Regulation  “GDPR”)  and any applicable national laws  rules and regulations implementing the GDPR  as provided in its privacy statement available at: www.euronext.com/privacy-policy. In accordance with the applicable legislation you have rights with regard to the processing of your personal data: for more information on your rights  please refer to: www.euronext.com/data_subjects_rights_request_information. To make a request regarding the processing of your data or to unsubscribe from this press release service  please use our data subject request form at connect2.euronext.com/form/data-subjects-rights-request or email our Data Protection Officer at dpo@euronext.com.AppendixAdjustments in financial disclosureTo highlight its underlying performance  since Q1 2022  Euronext is publishing underlying recurring costs  adjusted EBITDA and non-recurring costs.Euronext has removed the exceptional items line from its financial statements. Consequently  costs previously reported as exceptional items have from Q1 2022 been included into their respective lines within Euronext operating expenses as non-recurring items.The €150 million of implementation costs to deliver on the ‘Growth for Impact 2024’ strategic plan targets are therefore considered as non-recurring items and will be withdrawn from Q1 2022 from underlying recurring costs.The computation of adjusted net income and earnings per share has been adjusted accordingly. The computation of reported net income and earnings per share are not impacted.2024 strategic plan targets remain unchanged and are not affected by this change in reporting.The new non-IFRS indicators are defined below.Non-IFRS financial measuresFor comparative purposes  the company provides unaudited non-IFRS measures including:Operational expenses excluding depreciation and amortisation  underlying operational expenses excluding depreciation and amortisation;EBITDA  EBITDA margin  adjusted EBITDA  adjusted EBITDA margin.Non-IFRS measures are defined as follows:Operational expenses excluding depreciation and amortisation as the total of salary and employee benefits  and other operational expenses;Underlying operational expenses excluding depreciation and amortisation as the total of salary and employee benefits  and other operational expenses  excluding non-recurring costs;Underlying revenue and income as the total of revenue and income  excluding non-recurring revenue and income;Non-underlying items as items of revenue  income and expense that are material by their size and/or that are infrequent and unusual by their nature or incidence are not considered to be recurring in the normal course of business and are classified as non-underlying items on the face of the income statement within their relevant category in order to provide further understanding of the ongoing sustainable performance of the Group;Adjusted operating profit as the operating profit adjusted for any non-underlying revenue and income and non-underlying costs  including PPA of acquired businesses;EBITDA as the operating profit before depreciation and amortisation;Adjusted EBITDA as the adjusted operating profit before depreciation and amortisation adjusted for any non-underlying operational expenses excluding depreciation and amortisation;EBITDA margin as EBITDA divided by total revenue and income;Adjusted EBITDA margin as adjusted EBITDA  divided by total revenue and income;Adjusted net income  as the net income  share of the parent company shareholders  adjusted for any non-underlying items and related tax impact.Non-IFRS financial measures are not meant to be considered in isolation or as a substitute for comparable IFRS measures and should be read only in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements.Non-volume related revenue definitionNon-volume related revenue includes Listing excl. IPOs  Advanced Data Services  Custody Settlement and other post-trade  fixed revenue from the Clearing activities (including for instance NTI and membership fees)  Investor Services  Technology Solutions  Other Income and Transitional Revenue.Adjusted EPS definitionin €m unless stated otherwise Q3 2022 Q3 2021 Net income reported 75.8 115.8 EPS reported (€ per share) 0.71 1.08 Adjustments of which Revenues and income (48.9) - of which Operating expenses excluding D&A (2.6) (7.5) of which Depreciation and amortisation (22.7) (20.7) of which Net financing expense 0.1 - of which Results from equity investments (0.0) - of which Non-controlling interest 0.2 0.1 Tax related to those items 20.3 7.0 Net income adjusted 129.5 137.0 EPS adjusted (€ per share) 1.21 1.25The figures in this document have not been audited or reviewed by our external auditorConsolidated income statementQ3 2022 Q3 2021 in € million  unless stated otherwise Underlying Non-underlying Reported Underlying Non-underlying Reported Revenue and income 350.3 (48.9) 301.4 350.6 - 350.6 Listing 54.0 - 54.0 50.8 - 50.8 Trading revenue  of which 117.8 - 117.8 124.2 - 124.2 Cash trading 67.3 - 67.3 75.0 - 75.0 Derivatives trading 14.0 - 14.0 13.5 - 13.5 Fixed income trading 21.4 - 21.4 23.8 - 23.8 FX trading 7.3 - 7.3 5.6 - 5.6 Power Trading 7.8 - 7.8 6.3 - 6.3 Investor services 2.5 - 2.5 2.1 - 2.1 Advanced data services 53.0 - 53.0 49.8 - 49.8 Post-trade  of which 86.2 - 86.2 83.1 - 83.1 Clearing 29.1 - 29.1 27.5 - 27.5 Custody & Settlement and other 57.1 - 57.1 55.6 - 55.6 Euronext Technology Solutions & other revenue 26.0 (0.0) 26.0 24.4 - 24.4 Net Financing Income through CCP business 10.7 (49.0) (38.3) 12.9 - 12.9 Other income (0.5) - (0.5) 0.8 - 0.8 Transitional revenues 0.6 - 0.6 2.3 - 2.3 Operating expenses excluding D&A (150.4) (2.6) (153.0) (141.5) (7.5) (149.0) Salaries and employee benefits (75.4) (1.7) (77.0) (72.9) (0.1) (73.0) Other operational expenses  of which (75.0) (1.0) (76.0) (68.6) (7.4) (76.0) System & communication (29.9) (1.5) (31.4) (25.6) (0.3) (25.9) Professional services (13.4) 0.6 (12.8) (16.5) (6.7) (23.2) Clearing expense (8.8) - (8.8) (8.2) - (8.2) Accommodation (3.4) (0.0) (3.4) (2.6) (0.0) (2.6) Other operational expenses (19.5) (0.0) (19.5) (15.6) (0.4) (16.1) EBITDA 199.9 (51.7) 148.3 209.1 (7.5) 201.6 EBITDA margin 57.1% 49.2% 59.6% 57.5% Depreciation & amortisation (16.1) (22.7) (38.8) (17.8) (20.7) (38.5) Total expenses (166.5) (25.4) (191.9) (159.3) (28.2) (187.5) Operating profit 183.8 (74.3) 109.5 191.3 (28.2) 163.1 Net financing income / (expense) (4.7) 0.1 (4.6) (7.3) - (7.3) Results from equity investment 1.7 (0.0) 1.7 11.8 - 11.8 Profit before income tax 180.8 (74.2) 106.6 195.8 (28.2) 167.6 Income tax expense (48.2) 20.3 (27.9) (55.5) 7.0 (48.5) Non-controlling interests (3.1) 0.2 (2.9) (3.3) 0.1 (3.2) Net income  share of the parent company shareholders 129.5 (53.6) 75.8 137.0 (21.1) 115.8 EPS (basic  in €) 1.21 0.71 1.25 1.08 EPS (diluted  in €) 1.21 0.71 1.25 1.08The figures in this document have not been audited or reviewed by our external auditorConsolidated comprehensive income statementQ3 2022 Q3 2021 Profit for the period 78.7 119.0 Other comprehensive income Items that may be reclassified to profit or loss: – Exchange differences on translation of foreign operations (14.8) 10.2 – Income tax impact on exchange differences on translation of foreign operations 1.4 (1.2) – Change in value of debt investments at fair value through other comprehensive income (10.0) (2.2) – Realisation of fair value changes upon disposal of debt investments 49.0 - – Income tax impact on change in value of debt investments at fair value throughother comprehensive income (11.2) 0.6 Items that will not be reclassified to profit or loss: – Change in value of equity investments at fair value through other comprehensive income - 0.0 – Income tax impact on change in value of equity investments at fair value throughother comprehensive income - (0.0) – Income tax impact on remeasurements of post-employment benefit obligations - 0.0 Other comprehensive income for the period  net of tax 14.3 7.5 Total comprehensive income for the period 93.0 126.6 Comprehensive income attributable to: – Owners of the parent 90.0 123.2 – Non-controlling interests 3.0 3.4The figures in this document have not been audited or reviewed by our external auditorConsolidated balance sheetin € million 30 September 2022 30 June 2022 Non-current assets Property  plant and equipment 103.5 103.8 Right-of-use assets 48.0 53.2 Goodwill and other intangible assets 6 125.0 6 145.1 Deferred income tax assets 38.5 49.8 Investments in associates and joint ventures 68.6 67.0 Financial assets at fair value through OCI 290.8 291.6 Other non-current assets 8.4 9.3 Total non-current assets 6 682.8 6 719.7 Current assets Trade and other receivables 415.9 583.7 Income tax receivable 15.4 15.6 Derivative financial instruments 0.2 0.1 CCP clearing business assets 157 608.6 168 663.0 Other current financial assets 139.3 142.6 Cash & cash equivalents 1 212.9 946.6 Total current assets 159 392.4 170 351.6 Assets from disposal groups held for sale 4.9 4.7 Total assets 166 080.1 177 076.0 Equity Shareholders' equity 3 789.1 3 697.6 Non-controlling interests 85.7 82.9 Total Equity 3 874.8 3 780.6 Non-current liabilities Borrowings 3 026.0 3 024.9 Lease liabilities 27.5 33.4 Deferred income tax liabilities 577.2 584.6 Post-employment benefits 21.1 20.7 Contract liabilities 66.7 68.9 Other provisions 7.8 7.8 Total Non-current liabilities 3 726.3 3 740.2 Current liabilities Borrowings 10.4 3.4 Lease liabilities 25.1 24.5 CCP clearing business liabilities 157 570.7 168 696.5 Income tax payable 45.5 41.9 Trade and other payables 728.8 675.1 Contract liabilities 97.2 112.0 Other provisions 0.4 1.0 Total Current liabilities 158 478.1 169 554.5 Liabilities from disposal groups held for sale 0.9 0.7 Total equity and liabilities 166 080.1 177 076.0The consolidated Balance Sheet includes the Euronext Clearing (CC&G) business assets and liabilitiesThe figures in this document have not been audited or reviewed by our external auditorConsolidated statement of cash flowsin € million Q3 2022 Q3 2021 Profit before tax 106.6 167.6 Adjustments for: - Depreciation and amortisation 38.8 38.5 - Share based payments 2.6 2.5 - Share of profit from associates and joint ventures (1.7) (2.6) - Changes in working capital 200.6 34.4 Cash flow from operating activities 346.9 240.4 Income tax paid (28.8) (26.9) Net cash flows from operating activities 318.1 213.5 Cash flow from investing activities Acquisition of subsidiaries  net of cash acquired (0.0) (12.6) Proceeds from sale of subsidiary 0.1 - Purchase of current financial assets (15.0) (2.2) Redemption of current financial assets 16.5 0.1 Purchase of property  plant and equipment (5.5) (13.6) Purchase of intangible assets (22.5) (8.1) Proceeds from sale of property  plant  equipment and intangible assets - 0.0 Dividends received from equity investments - 9.2 Dividends received from associates 0.0 6.7 Net cash flow from investing activities (26.3) (20.7) Cash flow from financing activities Proceeds from borrowings  net of transaction fees - (1.1) Interest paid (0.6) (0.4) Interest received 0.2 - Issuance new shares  net of transaction fees - (0.4) Payment of lease liabilities (5.5) (7.6) Acquisitions of own shares (1.0) (0.1) Employee Share transactions (0.1) 0.0 Dividends paid to the company’s shareholders 0.0 - Dividends paid to non-controlling interests (2.4) (4.3) Net cash flow from financing activities (9.3) (13.8) Total cash flow over the period 282.5 179.0 Cash and cash equivalents - Beginning of period 949.1 620.5 Non cash exchange gains/(losses) on cash and cash equivalents (16.6) 3.0 Cash and cash equivalents - End of period 1 215.0 802.5Cash and cash equivalents – End of period also include the cash included in the assets hald for sale in the balance sheetThe figures in this document have not been audited or reviewed by our external auditorLast twelve months income statementFor informative purpose only  the financial information provided below have not been audited or reviewed by our external auditorin € million Q4 2021 Reported Q1 2022 Reported Q2 2022 Reported Q3 2022 Reported Last 12 months Revenue and income 370.1 395.7 374.7 301.4 1 441.9 Listing 51.9 55.4 55.4 54.0 216.8 Trading Revenue of which Cash trading 79.3 94.0 75.3 67.3 315.9 of which Derivatives trading 14.2 16.1 14.9 14.0 59.2 of which Fixed income trading 24.2 24.4 24.9 21.4 95.0 of which FX spot trading 6.1 7.2 7.3 7.3 27.8 of which Power trading 8.5 9.1 6.9 7.8 32.3 Investor Services 2.3 2.2 2.3 2.5 9.3 Advanced Data Services 50.7 52.6 52.0 53.0 208.3 Post trade of which Clearing 30.1 31.9 31.4 29.1 122.6 of which Settlement & Custody 60.7 63.9 62.5 57.1 244.3 Market solutions & other revenues 26.4 23.1 24.1 26.0 99.6 Net treasury income through CCP Business 12.9 13.4 15.7 (38.3) 3.7 Other income 0.6 0.7 1.0 (0.5) 1.9 Transitional revenue 2.0 1.7 0.9 0.6 5.3 Operating expenses excluding D&A (170.6) (149.1) (161.1) (153.0) (633.8)Underlying operating expenses excluding D&A (156.6) (143.6) (153.0) (150.4) (603.6) Adjusted EBITDA 213.4 252.2 221.7 199.9 887.2Adjusted EBITDA margin 57.7% 63.7% 59.2% 57.1% 59.4% EBITDA 199.5 246.7 213.6 148.3 808.1 D&A (48.9) (40.2) (38.5) (38.8) (166.4)Total expenses (219.4) (189.3) (199.6) (191.9) (800.2)Operating profit 150.6 206.4 175.1 109.5 641.7Adjusted operating profit 194.1 233.7 206.9 183.8 818.5Net financing income/(expense) (6.7) (9.9) (9.1) (4.6) (30.3) Results from Equity investments 7.3 3.1 1.2 1.7 13.4 Income tax (35.7) (52.0) (45.2) (27.9) (160.8)Tax rate 23.6% 26.1% 27.1% 26.2% 25.7%Non-controlling interests (2.9) (3.8) (3.1) (2.9) (12.7)Reported net income  share of the parent company shareholders 112.7 143.8 118.9 75.8 451.2 Adjusted net income  share of the parent company shareholders 144.6 164.4 143.2 129.5 581.7Volumes for the second quarter of 2022Cash marketsQ3 2022 Q3 2021 %var Number of trading days 66 66 Number of transactions (buy and sells  inc. reported trades) Total Cash Market 189 358 000 210 289 226 -10.0% ADV Cash Market 2 869 061 3 186 200 -10.0% Transaction value ( € million  single counted) Total Cash Market 633 536 716 794 -11.6% ADV Cash Market 9 599 10 861 -11.6% Listings Number of Issuers on Equities Euronext 1 943 1 918 +1.3% SMEs 1 561 1 488 +4.9% Number of Listed Securities Funds 2 847 3 116 -8.6% ETFs 3 759 3 260 +15.3% Bonds 52 712 52 180 +1.0% Capital raised on primary and secondary market Total Euronext  in €m Number of new equity listings 18 51 Money Raised - New equity listings (incl over allotment) 144 5 286 -97.3% Money Raised - Follow-ons on equities 4 766 37 723 -87.4% Money Raised - Bonds 172 750 336 154 -48.6% Total Money Raised 177 660 379 163 -53.1% of which SMEs Number of new equity listings 17 46 Money Raised - New equity listings (incl over allotment) 144 1 757 -91.8% Money Raised - Follow-ons on equities 1 879 2 102 -10.6% Money Raised - Bonds 169 691 -75.5% Total Money Raised 2 192 4 550 -51.8%Fixed income marketsQ3 2022 Q3 2021 % var Transaction value (€ million  single counted) MTS ADV MTS Cash 15 430 23 388 -34.0% TAADV MTS Repo 323 200 281 898 +14.7% Other fixed income ADV Fixed income 787 673 +16.9%FX marketsQ3 2022 Q3 2021 % var Number of trading days 66 66 FX volume ($m  single counted) Total Euronext FX 1 435 005 1 155 586 +24.2% ADV Euronext FX 21 743 17 509 +24.2%Power marketsQ3 2022 Q3 2021 % var Number of trading days 92 92 Power volume (in TWh) ADV Day-ahead Power Market 2.39 2.02 +18.5% ADV Intraday Power Market 0.10 0.06 +76.8%Derivatives marketsQ3 2022 Q3 2021 % var Number of trading days 66 66 Derivatives Volume (in lots) Equity 33 909 567 38 523 610 -12.0% Index 15 839 216 14 597 938 +8.5% Futures 10 352 237 9 865 105 +4.9% Options 5 486 979 4 732 833 +15.9% Individual Equity 18 070 351 23 925 672 -24.5% Futures 843 039 4 344 430 -80.6% Options 17 227 312 19 581 242 -12.0% Commodity 5 574 098 5 467 861 +1.9% Futures 4 883 356 4 848 475 +0.7% Options 690 742 619 386 +11.5% Total Euronext 39 483 665 43 991 471 -10.2% Total Futures 16 078 632 19 058 010 -15.6% Total Options 23 405 033 24 933 461 -6.1% Derivatives ADV (in lots) Equity 513 781 583 691 -12.0% Index 239 988 221 181 +8.5% Futures 156 852 149 471 +4.9% Options 83 136 71 710 +15.9% Individual Equity 273 793 362 510 -24.5% Futures 12 773 65 825 -80.6% Options 261 020 296 685 -12.0% Commodity 84 456 82 846 1.9% Futures 73 990 73 462 +0.7% Options 10 466 9 385 +11.5% Total Euronext 598 237 666 537 -2.6% Total Futures 243 616 288 758 -9.6% Total Options 354 622 377 780 +2.7%Derivatives open interest30 September 2022 30 September 2021 % var Open interest (in lots) Equity 26 554 341 23 391 581 13.5% Index 1 460 076 1 692 347 -13.72% Futures 640 765 785 129 -18.39% Options 819 311 907 218 -9.69% Individual Equity 25 094 265 21 699 234 15.65% Futures 581 797 1 915 961 -69.63% Options 24 512 468 19 783 273 23.91% Commodity 1 130 938 1 112 965 1.61% Futures 665 792 717 774 -7.24% Options 465 146 395 191 17.70% Total Euronext 27 685 279 24 504 546 12.98% Total Futures 1 888 354 3 418 864 -44.77% Total Options 25 796 925 21 085 682 22.34%1 Underlying revenue excludes €49.0 million non-underlying  one-off loss (€35 million post tax) related to the partial disposal of the Euronext Clearing portfolio. Please refer to the section on net treasury income section and https://www.euronext.com/en/investor-relations/financial-calendar/q2-2022-results for more details.2 Unless specified otherwise  percentages refer to Q3 2022 compared to Q3 2021.3 Definition in appendix – Adjusted for non-underlying operating expenses excluding D&A and non-underlying revenue and income.4 Definition in appendix.5 Basic weighted average number of shares at 106 652 256 for 9M 2022  9M 2021 basic outstanding shares at 92 447 841 shares.6 Like-for-like revenue at constant currencies for 2021 and 2022 excludes Euronext Funds360 and the activities acquired from Spafid by Euronext Securities  as well as related costs.7 Last twelve months reported EBITDA  including costs previously reported as exceptional items8 For the total adjustments performed please refer to the appendix of this press release9 For more details on the partial disposal of the portfolio  see Net treasury income section of this press release and the announcement of the portfolio re-allocation in the Q2 2022 results press release: https://www.euronext.com/en/investor-relations/financial-information/regulated-information-and-investor-news/euronext-212.10 Please refer to the Net treasury income section and https://www.euronext.com/en/investor-relations/financial-calendar/q2-2022-results for more details.11 Admission fees are recognised over a period of 3-5 years according to the principles of IFRS 15.12 According to FESE (Federation of European Securities Exchanges).Figures for money raised figures have been restated1 Source of the EBBO presence: BMLL14 In July 2022  Euronext Clearing reduced its investment portfolio with the aim of strengthening and preserving its available regulatory capital and aligning the investment strategy to the current level of market volatility and uncertainty. Euronext Clearing disposed of its portfolio maturing after 1st May 2023 and retained its short-term portfolio maturing through April 2023 and hold these to maturity. At the beginning of Q2 2023  Euronext Clearing will no longer hold an outright portfolio. Please refer to https://www.euronext.com/en/investor-relations/financial-calendar/q2-2022-results for more details.15 Pending regulatory approval16 Exchanges currently include Bitstamp  Bitfinex  BitFlyer  Bittrex  BinanceUS  Coinbase  Gemini  ItBit  Kraken  Lmax and Okcoin17 www.euronext.com/for-investors/financial-derivatives/total-return-futuresAttachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.25,0.3,0.45,True,English,"['Q3 2022 results', 'Euronext', 'Contacts Media Contact Investor Relations', 'new Euronext Tech Leaders segment', 'diversified Euronext Securities business model', '€0.3 million run-rate annual synergies', 'cumulated run-rate annual synergies', 'non -volume related business', 'leading pan-European market infrastructure', 'Italian capital market ecosystem', 'Borsa Italiana cash markets', 'Advanced Data Services revenue', 'Borsa Italiana Group acquisition', 'diversified business model', 'Euronext second quarter 2022 results', 'tough market conditions', 'Four new companies', 'MTS Cash volumes', 'efficient yield management', '18 new equity listings', 'parent company shareholders', 'cumulated implementation costs', 'lower cash equity', 'Non-volume related revenue', 'new listing framework', 'normalising settlement environment', 'Net financing expenses', 'Income tax rate', 'Euronext Clearing portfolio', 'derivatives clearing activity', 'underlying operating expenses', 'Net treasury income', 'Q3 2022 underlying revenue', 'targeted synergies', 'leading venue', 'Italian issuers', 'underlying costs', 'Solid quarter', 'third quarter', 'Settlement revenue', 'Clearing revenue', 'inflationary environment', 'equity investments', 'operational expenses', 'Listing revenue', 'Net debt', 'debt listing', 'Trading revenue', 'Post-trade revenue', 'l6 Revenue', 'net income', 'cost discipline', '2022 cost guidance', 'strong performance', 'D&A', 'strong quarters', 'power trading', 'growing bonds', 'pre-tax loss', 'partial disposal', 'one-off loss', 'Key figures', 'two periods', 'Continued delivery', 'Continued advancement', 'global standards', 'first phase', 'proprietary trading', 'share count', 'EBITDA margin', 'Q3 2022 results', 'Amsterdam', 'Brussels', 'Dublin', 'Lisbon', 'Milan', 'Oslo', 'Paris', '3 November', 'FX', 'Custody', 'resilience', 'launch', 'June', 'offering', 'EPS', 'var', 'income1', 'end', 'September', 'integration', 'Italy', 'harmonisation', 'migration', 'Optiq ®', 'March', '70', '2.6', '26.2', '4']",2022-11-03,2022-11-03,globenewswire.com
12543,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2022/11/02/2546188/0/en/Aspo-Group-interim-report-January-1-to-September-30-2022-Strong-financial-performance-continued-Q3-comparable-operating-profit-at-EUR-13-0-million-net-sales-up-by-8.html,Aspo Group interim report  January 1 to September 30  2022: Strong financial performance continued; Q3 comparable operating profit at EUR 13.0 million  net sales up by 8%,Aspo Plc Interim report               November 2  2022  at 9:30 amAspo Group interim report  January 1 to September 30  2022    Strong financial......,English FinnishAspo PlcInterim reportNovember 2  2022  at 9:30 amAspo Group interim report  January 1 to September 30  2022Strong financial performance continued: Q3 comparable operating profit at EUR 13.0 million  net sales up by 8 %Figures from the corresponding period in 2021 are presented in brackets.July–September 2022  Group totalAspo’s net sales increased by 8% to EUR 160.1 (148.0) million.Comparable operating profit was EUR 13.0 (11.0) million  and the comparable operating profit rate was 8.1% (7.4%).The comparable operating profit of ESL Shipping was EUR 9.7 (7.1) million  Telko EUR 3.7 (5.9) million  and Leipurin EUR 0.6 (0.6) million.Items affecting the comparability of operating profit totaled EUR -0.7 million.Operating profit from continuing operations was EUR 12.5 (10.8) million. The operating profit rate from continuing operations was 7.9% (7.5%).The operating profit of ESL Shipping was EUR 9.7 (7.1) million  Telko EUR 4.2 (5.9) million  and Leipurin EUR -0.5 (0.6) million.Earnings per share increased to EUR 0.30 (0.16).Net cash from operating activities was EUR 11.4 (11.1) million. Free cash flow was EUR -9.7 (7.2) million.January–September 2022  Group totalAspo’s net sales increased by 15% to EUR 488.0 (423.2) million.Comparable operating profit was EUR 44.0 (28.5) million  and the comparable operating profit rate was 9.0% (6.7%).The comparable operating profit of ESL Shipping was EUR 26.8 (17.0) million  Telko EUR 19.5 (16.0) million  and Leipurin EUR 2.2 (1.2) million.Items affecting the comparability of operating profit totaled EUR -8.0 million.Operating profit from continuing operations was EUR 37.6 (28.2) million. The operating profit rate from continuing operations was 7.8% (6.8%).The operating profit of ESL Shipping was EUR 27.9 (17.0) million  Telko EUR 15.0 (16.0) million  and Leipurin EUR -0.5 (1.2) million.Earnings per share increased to EUR 0.82 (0.59).Net cash from operating activities was EUR 45.7 (33.3) million. Free cash flow was EUR 17.9 (23.4) million.Guidance for 2022  issued on October 17  2022Aspo Group's comparable operating profit will be EUR 52–57 (EUR 42.4) million in 2022.Key figures 7-9/2022 7-9/2021 1-9/2022 1-9/2021 1-12/2021 Net sales  Group total  MEUR 160.1 148.0 488.0 423.2 586.4 Net sales from continuing operations  MEUR 157.8 144.6 479.6 413.3 573.3 ESL Shipping  operating profit  MEUR 9.7 7.1 27.9 17.0 26.8 Telko  operating profit  MEUR 4.2 5.9 15.0 16.0 20.4 Leipurin  operating profit  MEUR -0.5 0.6 -0.5 1.2 -2.4 Other operations  operating profit  MEUR -0.9 -2.8 -4.8 -6.0 -7.9 Operating profit from continuing operations  MEUR 12.5 10.8 37.6 28.2 36.9 Operating profit from continuing operations  % 7.9 7.5 7.8 6.8 6.4 Operating profit from discontinued operations  MEUR -0.2 -3.2 -1.6 -3.1 -3.0 Operating profit  Group total  MEUR 12.3 7.6 36.0 25.1 33.9 Items affecting comparability  MEUR -0.7 -3.4 -8.0 -3.4 -8.5 Comparable operating profit  Group total  MEUR 13.0 11.0 44.0 28.5 42.4 Comparable operating profit  Group total  % 8.1 7.4 9.0 6.7 7.2 Profit before taxes  MEUR 10.4 9.8 30.6 25.3 33.0 Profit for the period  MEUR 9.4 5.4 26.1 19.6 25.3 Profit from continuing operations  MEUR 9.6 8.6 27.8 22.7 28 3 Profit from discontinued operations  MEUR -0.2 -3.2 -1.7 -3.1 -3.0 Earnings per share (EPS)  EUR 0.30 0.16 0.82 0.59 0.76 EPS from continuing operations  EUR 0.30 0.26 0.87 0.69 0.86 EPS from discontinued operations  EUR 0.00 -0.10 -0.05 -0.10 -0.10 Net cash from operating activities  MEUR 11.4 11.1 45.7 33.3 44.0 Free cash flow  MEUR -9.7 7.2 17.9 23.4 27.5 Return on equity (ROE)  % 23.7 22.0 20.8 Equity ratio  % 35.8 31.8 32.0 Gearing  % 97.6 130.9 129.4 Equity per share  EUR 5.24 3.97 4.14Rolf Jansson  CEO of Aspo Group  comments on the third quarter of 2022:Aspo’s strong financial performance continued in the third quarter. Boosted by yet another record quarter of ESL Shipping and solid performance of Telko  our comparable operating profit for the quarter increased to EUR 13.0 million. Despite the expected sales drop in the Eastern market  our net sales were up 8% at EUR 160.1 million. Our comparable operating profit rate for Q3 remained strong at 8.1%  again above the target level of 8%. Overall  a great continuum to a financially successful year.We have continued making strides in our strategy execution. Leipurin’s milestone acquisition of the Swedish bakery distributor Kobia was approved by the competition authorities in the third quarter  and integration work is already underway. Kobia is included in Aspo Group’s financial reporting as of September  2022. Structural changes are negatively impacting Leipurin’s financial figures for 2022 but I am confident that the company is heading in the right direction with the renewed strategy.In September  Telko announced that it will strengthen its plastics distribution business by acquiring Johan Steenks  a Norwegian distributor of engineering plastics and plastic additives with an established customer base in the local markets. Clear evidence of Telko’s ability to execute its accelerated growth strategy.During the quarter  ESL Shipping confirmed that it will establish a long-term shipping pool for energy efficient electric hybrid vessels together with a group of institutional and private investors. The upcoming Green Coaster pool will accelerate growth  profitability and return on capital of ESL Shipping's business  and fits seamlessly to Aspo’s renewed strategy.On October 17  we announced that Telko has signed a binding framework agreement according to which it will sell the share capital of its Russian subsidiary Telko OOO to Russian industrial operator GK Himik. This is an important step  and I’m pleased that we have found a new owner for Telko's operations in Russia. This frees up time and resources to pursue further growth in western markets in accordance with our strategy. In line with what we have indicated before  the comparable operating profit of Telko Russia and Belarus was close to zero during the third quarter. Therefore  Telko’s Q3 results already give some visibility to the future financial performance of the company after the targeted exits of both Russia and Belarus have taken place. Telko's Russian business is classified as held for sale from the month of signing the agreement.Due to the excellent performance of ESL Shipping in particular  we upgraded our guidance for the full-year 2022 on October 17. We are now estimating that Aspo Group’s comparable operating profit for 2022 will be EUR 52–57 million  well above the EUR 42.4 million achieved last year. At the same time  our visibility to the overall costs related to the war in Ukraine and exiting our Russian operations  as well as other items affecting comparability has increased. As announced  the new estimate of the total items affecting comparability is approximately EUR -25 million. This estimate includes the items affecting comparability of EUR -8.0 million reported by the end of the third quarter of 2022.Our financial performance throughout the year has been solid and we remain confident on our short-term outlook. Macroeconomic uncertainty still remains and the foundations for moving into the next year differ substantially from a year ago. However  with the significant ongoing structural changes including exits from selected eastern markets and acquisitions in the western countries  we are in an excellent position to succeed in the fourth quarter 2022 and beyond. We continue our strategy execution during the coming years targeting both organic and non-organic growth especially in the western market.ASPO GROUPFinancial results and targetsOn December 1  2021  Aspo published new long-term financial targets:Net sales growth 5–10% per yearOperating profit of 8%Return on equity of over 20%Gearing less than 130%With regard to Aspo’s businesses  ESL Shipping’s operating profit target is 14%  Telko’s 8% and Leipurin’s 5%.Good financial performance continued in Q3 2022. Aspo’s net sales  at Group total level  increased by 8% in the third quarter. The comparable operating profit rate was 8.1% (7.4%)  again above the target level of 8.0%. Return on equity remained high at 23.7% (22.0%). Gearing was 97.6% (129.4%).Aspo Group’s comparable operating profit from continuing and discontinued operationsAspo Group’s comparable operating profit includes results for continuing and discontinued operations. The comparable operating profit excludes items affecting comparability  which are defined as significant  rare and deviating from normal business operations. These include for example impairment losses  sales gains from vessels  and financial losses caused by the war in Ukraine.Aspo announced in December 2021 that the Kauko business segment has been defined as Aspo’s non-core operations. The Kauko business segment has been classified as a discontinued operation in accordance with IFRS  and its results are reported separately from the figures of Aspo Group’s continuing operations. With regards to the income statement  comparative periods’ figures have been restated to correspond to the same presentation method.Net sales and operating profit margin  Group total 7-9/2022 7-9/2021 1-9/2022 1-9/2021 1-12/2021 MEUR MEUR MEUR MEUR MEUR Net sales  Group total 160.1 148.0 488.0 423.2 586.4 Net sales  continuing operations 157.8 144.6 479.6 413.3 573.3 Net sales  discontinued operations 2.3 3.4 8.4 9.9 13.1 Operating profit  Group total 12.3 7.6 36.0 25.1 33.9 Operating profit  Group total  % 7.7 5.1 7.4 5.9 5.8 Items affecting comparability*) -0.7 -3.4 -8.0 -3.4 -8.5 Comparable operating profit  Group total 13.0 11.0 44.0 28.5 42.4 Comparable operating profit  Group total  % 8.1 7.4 9.0 6.7 7.2Comparable operating profit  Group total 7-9/2022 7-9/2021 1-9/2022 1-9/2021 1-12/2021 MEUR MEUR MEUR MEUR MEUR ESL Shipping  operating profit 9.7 7.1 27.9 17.0 26.8 Telko  operating profit 4.2 5.9 15.0 16.0 20.4 Leipurin  operating profit -0.5 0.6 -0.5 1.2 -2.4 Other operations  operating profit -0.9 -2.8 -4.8 -6.0 -7.9 Operating profit from continuing operations 12.5 10.8 37.6 28.2 36.9 Operating profit from discontinued operations -0.2 -3.2 -1.6 -3.1 -3.0 Operating profit  Group total 12.3 7.6 36.0 25.1 33.9 Items affecting comparability*) -0.7 -3.4 -8.0 -3.4 -8.5 Comparable operating profit  Group total 13.0 11.0 44.0 28.5 42.4*) The items affecting comparability in the third quarter of 2022  totaling EUR -0.7 million include in the Leipurin segment costs related to the acquisition of Kobia and cost relating to the withdrawal from Russia totaling EUR -1.1 million. In the Telko segment  a positive item of EUR 0.5 million relates to the decrease of the credit loss provision in Ukraine. In addition  EUR -0.1 million restructuring costs were recognized in Other operations.The items affecting comparability in the second quarter of 2022  totaling EUR -2.4 million included costs related to restructuring of Russia-related operations of EUR -0.2 million for ESL Shipping  EUR -0.4 million for Telko  EUR -0.1 million for Leipurin  the impact of the divestment of Vulganus of EUR -0.4 million for Leipurin  as well as the impairment loss of EUR -1.3 million on Kauko’s goodwill  which is reported as part of the results of the discontinued operations.The items affecting comparability in the first quarter of 2022  totaling EUR -4.9 million  consisted of EUR 1.5 million in sales gains from ESL Shipping barge Espa  ESL Shipping’s cost provisions of approximately EUR -0.2 million related to the war in Ukraine  EUR -2.6 million in losses from the destruction of Telko’s warehouse in Ukraine  a credit loss provision of EUR -2.0 million associated with Telko’s accounts receivables in Ukraine  EUR -0.7 million in losses from the destruction of Leipurin’s warehouse in Ukraine  a credit loss provision of EUR -0.2 million associated with Leipurin’s accounts receivable in Ukraine  and EUR -0.2 million in Leipurin’s other restructuring expenses in Russia. The operating result of other operations included the share-based payment of EUR -0.5 million granted to Aspo’s previous CEO.The items affecting comparability of 2021  totaling EUR -8.5 million  included the impairment loss of EUR -4.3 million recognized on Leipurin’s goodwill during the final quarter  and the impairment loss and restoration provision of EUR -0.8 million recognized on the fixed assets of Telko’s terminal in Rauma  as well as the impairment loss of EUR -3.4 million recognized on Kauko’s goodwill during the third quarter  which is reported as part of the results of the discontinued operations.SustainabilitySustainability is an instrumental factor in guiding management of Aspo and in particular its investments. Aspo’s businesses aim to be forerunners in sustainability in their respective sectors. To support the sustainability commitments  Aspo published new environmental  social and corporate governance (ESG) targets for the Group and its businesses in December 2021. The key goal is to reduce emission intensity  CO2 (tn) per net sales (EUR thousand)  by 30% by 2025. The starting point (2020) was 0.44  while the target level (2025) is 0.30. With regards to the green transition in shipping  ESL Shipping is in close  long-term project cooperation with leading energy suppliers to provide fossil-free sea transportation to its key customers in the future.During the past 12 months  the emission intensity continued to improve  driven by net sales growth in combination with operational efficiency  and it was 0.34 (12/2021: 0.42). Another key target is to improve safety  and during the past 12 months  TRI (Total Recordable Injury Frequency) was 7.8 (12/2021: 8.8)  while the target for 2022 is 7.0. The long-term goal is zero occupational accidents.Operating environment and the impact of the war in Ukraine on Aspo’s operationsAspo’s operating environment has changed dramatically during 2022 due to Russia’s armed invasion of Ukraine. The invasion has caused a lot of uncertainty in the market  price inflation and in particular higher energy prices  as well as significant volatility in prices and exchange rates. Disturbances in logistic flows and poor availability of certain products are also evident in the market.Suspended business operations in Ukraine due to the war have caused financial losses. The war drastically weakens operating conditions in Eastern markets as a result of operational challenges and regulations  but particularly based on values.All of ESL Shipping's operations in Russia have been suspended and the ship capacity has been transferred to other traffic areas. As announced on October 17  Aspo Group’s subsidiary Telko has signed a binding framework agreement according to which it will sell the share capital of its Russian subsidiary Telko OOO to Russian industrial operator GK Himik. As previously announced  Telko will also exit Belarus. This process is still ongoing. Leipurin has decided to withdraw from its operations in Russia  Belarus and Kazakhstan. The process is proceeding as planned and more details on the timetable and methods of implementation will be announced in due course. Telko’s and Leipurin’s combined net sales in these countries accounted for approximately 16% of Aspo Group's net sales in 2021.The net sales of Leipurin Russia  Belarus and Kazakhstan amounted to EUR 26.3 million in year 2021 which accounted for 23% of Leipurin’s total net sales in 2021 and 4% of the net sales of Aspo Group. The net sales of Telko Russia and Belarus amounted to EUR 69.9 million in year 2021 which accounted for 26% of Telko’s total net sales in 2021 and 12% of the net sales of Aspo Group.The international sanctions and Russia’s legislative measures prevent transportation of goods and transfer of payments  reducing net sales and profitability of our Russian operations. The operating environment is expected to become even more challenging  and no rapid solution is in sight.The equity of Russian Group companies is EUR 25.1 million  corresponding to 15.3% of Aspo Group’s total equity. Aspo’s assets in Russia are mainly consisting of cash  inventories and trade receivables. The number of employees working for Aspo companies in Russia is decreasing  amounting to 114 employees at the end of September (12/2021: 193).Increasing interest rates and inflation  combined with declining general economic forecasts  have impacted consumers’ buying patterns  including by shifting consumption from higher priced to lower priced products.In media  the coronavirus pandemic has been overshadowed by Russia’s invasion of Ukraine  but its impact is still present in the operating environment. For example  global shortage of components  caused by the pandemic  has an impact on Aspo’s businesses  decelerating trading and the completion of orders. The risk of infections must still be taken into account in daily operations and especially among crew members of ESL Shipping’s vessels.Net sales by market area  continuing operations 7-9/2022 7-9/2021 Change 1-9/2022 1-9/2021 Change in share in share MEUR MEUR % MEUR MEUR % Finland 57.0 44.6 5.3 165.8 129.8 3.2 Scandinavia 38.1 24.8 7.0 99.0 77.2 2.0 Baltic countries 16.4 13.4 1.1 49.6 38.8 1.0 Russia  other CIS countries and Ukraine 24.6 39.6 -11.8 96.6 111.3 -6.8 Other countries 21.7 22.2 -1.6 68.6 56.2 0.7 Total 157.8 144.6 479.6 413.3The Group’s main market areas are Finland  Scandinavia  the Baltic region  and eastern markets (Russia  other CIS countries  and Ukraine). The relative share of net sales in eastern markets continued to decrease during the third quarter of 2022  mainly due to the war in Ukraine and the decision to reduce operations in Russia and Belarus  and ultimately exit the market. On the positive side  particularly Telko’s sales in Ukraine have picked up during the past months  although they are still not on the same level as during the previous year. According to the previously announced strategy  the company will channel its growth investments into western markets.Cash flow and financingThe Group’s cash flow from operating activities in January–September was EUR 45.7 (33.3) million. The impact of the change in working capital on cash flow during the review period was EUR -5.8 (-12.6) million. The increase in working capital derives mainly from ESL Shipping and is partly offset by the improved working capital of Telko. The advance payments for the Green Coasters to be sold further are one root cause for the increase in ESL Shipping’s inventory balance. Free cash flow during January-September was EUR 17.9 (23.4) million. Investments of EUR -15.2 (-11.1) million mainly consisted of docking of ESL Shipping’s vessels and Green Coaster advance payments. In addition  the free cash flow includes the cash flow relating to the acquisition of Kobia and Mentum of EUR -15.6 million  and the cash inflow from the sale of Espa and Vulganus of EUR 3.0 million in total.9/2022 9/2021 12/2021 MEUR MEUR MEUR Interest-bearing liabilities  incl. lease liabilities 204.0 186.1 185.1 Cash and cash equivalents 43.7 23.7 17.7 Net interest-bearing debt 160.3 162.4 167.4Net interest-bearing debt decreased to EUR 160.3 million (12/2021: EUR 167.4)  and gearing fell to 97.6% (9/2021: 130.9%; 12/2021: 129.4%). The Group’s equity ratio at the end of the review period was 35.8% (9/2021: 31.8%; 12/2021: 32.0%). The balance sheet was strengthened as a result of improved profitability and a new hybrid bond issued in June.Net financial expenses in January–September totaled EUR -7.0 (-2.9) million. Exchange rate fluctuations  particularly strengthening of the Russian rouble  increased in financial expenses by EUR -4.0 million. The average rate of interest-bearing liabilities  excluding lease liabilities  was 1.8% (1.6%).The Group’s liquidity position remained strong. Cash and cash equivalents were EUR 43.7 million at the end of the review period (12/2021: EUR 17.7 million). Committed revolving credit facilities  totaling EUR 40.0 million  were fully unused  as in the comparative period. Aspo’s EUR 80 million commercial paper program was also fully unused (9/2021: EUR 5 million; 12/2021: EUR 5 million).During the quarter  Aspo continued extending the maturity structure of interest-bearing liabilities. In September  AtoBatC Shipping signed EUR 32.2 million loan agreement with Svenska Skeppshypotek. The maturity of this loan is 15 years. Together with the EUR 20 million  10-year loan agreement signed with Nordic Investment Bank in June  these loans complete the financing of ESL Shipping’s investment in a series of six new  highly energy-efficient electric hybrid 5 350 dwt vessels  a project first announced in September 2021. In addition  Aspo refinanced a bilateral revolving credit facility of EUR 20 million  about to mature in 2023  with a new agreement which will mature in 2025. The RCF agreement also includes two one-year extension options.In June  Aspo issued a new hybrid bond of EUR 30 million. The coupon rate of the bond is 8.75% per annum. The bond has no maturity  but the company is entitled to redeem it in June 2025 at the earliest. Aspo’s previous hybrid bond of EUR 20 million was redeemed on May 2  2022.Short-term risks and uncertainties in business operationsAspo and its businesses are exposed to a number of risks and uncertainties which include but are not limited to the risks stated below.There is an increasing level of geopolitical uncertainty due to Russia's war in Ukraine. This affects the general economic environment  e.g. via inflation  interest rates  energy prices and prices of raw materials. Disturbances related to infrastructure may also occur as part of current uncertainties relating to Russia  for example due to cyber incidents or disruptions in information systems.The ongoing process of exiting Russia and other selected Eastern markets is changing the structure of the Group significantly and will affect earnings of Aspo businesses in the long run. There are risks that the market exits will cause additional costs or losses and repatriation of funds or exits will not succeed fully or partly. It is also possible that the exits will not receive the required authority approvals or will be jeopardized or fail for any other reason.Economic activity and current geopolitical uncertainties have caused prices of many raw materials  components  and logistics services to increase rapidly. Aspo may temporarily benefit from the price increases  while the prices of purchased raw materials or leased capacity  such as leased vessels  are increasing at the same time. Disturbances in logistics flows  longer delivery times for spare parts  components and raw materials  and any rapid price changes  are also accumulating risks.International sanctions and countersanctions have been imposed  which may affect Aspo’s businesses directly or indirectly. Geopolitical tensions can escalate and cause direct business damage  jeopardized payments and even suspend business operations.In line with its renewed strategy  Aspo aims to increase its earnings via acquisitions. Strategy execution may lead to a temporary weakening of the balance sheet and capital structure in situations where acquisitions require financial investments and consequently may reduce solvency.The impact of the coronavirus on Aspo’s business has been limited on Group level  although the impact on Leipurin has been significant. Current and any new variants of the coronavirus and their rapid spread may lead to various interruptions and financial losses through interruptions in global logistics flows  among other things.Because the future estimates presented in this interim report are based on the current situation and knowledge  they include significant risks and other uncertainties  due to which actual future outcomes may differ from the estimates.ASPO’S BUSINESSESESL ShippingESL Shipping is the leading carrier of dry bulk cargo in the Baltic Sea region. ESL Shipping’s operations are mainly based on long-term customer contracts and established customer relationships. At the end of the review period  the shipping company’s fleet consisted of 47 vessels with a total capacity of 451 000 deadweight tons (dwt). Of these  23 were wholly owned (75.3% of the tonnage)  two were minority owned (2.3%) and the remaining 22 vessels (22.4%) were time chartered. ESL Shipping’s competitive edge is based on its pioneering role and ability to responsibly secure product and raw material transportation for industries and energy production year-round  even in difficult conditions. The shipping company loads and unloads large ocean carriers at sea as a special service.7-9/2022 7-9/2021 Change % 1-9/2022 1-9/2021 Change % Net sales  MEUR 65.0 47.3 37 182.1 136.7 33 Operating profit  MEUR 9.7 7.1 37 27.9 17.0 64 Operating profit  % 14.9 15.0 15.3 12.4 Items affecting comparability  MEUR 1.1 Comparable operating profit  MEUR 9.7 7.1 37 26.8 17.0 58 Comparable operating profit  % 14.9 15.0 14.7 12.4The third quarter of 2022 displayed the strongest third quarter operating result in ESL Shipping’s history. Net sales increased by 37% from last year to EUR 65.0 (47.3) million. During the quarter  the operating profit increased by 37 % to a record-high level of EUR 9.7 (7.1) million. During the third quarter there were no items affecting comparability in operating profit.The strong result was driven by the shipping company’s partnership strategy and the operational success delivered by the entire personnel. The operating profit rate of 14.9% (15.0%) achieved during the third quarter was excellent  especially considering the more modest market conditions and the historical change of abandoning cargo flows from Russia as a consequence of the war in Ukraine and resulted sanctions. The target level of 14.0% operating profit was again exceeded.During the third quarter  price of diesel oil and especially price of LNG used as a ship fuel were significantly higher than in the comparative period last year. The current level of very high fuel surcharges continued to increase net sales and reduced the operating profit percentage rate  used as an indicator of relative profitability.During the review period  the volume of cargo transported by the shipping company decreased slightly from the comparative period to 3.8 (3.9) million tons. The main drivers behind the volume development were re-routing of raw material supply out of Russia  which continued to result in increased transportation distances  and heavy congestion in certain major contract traffic ports. ESL Shipping has no remaining transport obligations related to cargo operations from Russian ports or with customers and cargo closely related to Russia.The profitability of ESL Shipping’s all vessel categories remained strong during the third quarter. In contract traffic  demand for ton miles remained strong throughout the review period despite slightly lower volumes  and spot market freight rates were at a satisfying level in all customer segments and vessel categories. Towards the end of the period spot market rates softened and demand showed some symptoms of slowing down  with the clear exception of the energy industry  where the demand continued strong.During the third quarter  ESL Shipping achieved a major strategic and structural milestone as it established a long-term Green Coaster pool for energy efficient electric hybrid vessels together with a group of institutional and private investors. A pooling structure is a model commonly used in the international shipping business for the ownership and operation of vessels. The forthcoming Green Coaster pool will accelerate the growth  profitability and return on capital of ESL Shipping's business. The pool will also form the first phase of the shipping company’s new low-carbon growth strategy that utilizes investor funding and pooling structure.Resulting from the established pool structure  ESL Shipping’s subsidiary AtoBatC Shipping declared options and ordered five additional vessels from the Indian shipyard Chowgule & Company Private Limited  from which the shipping company has previously ordered seven identical electric hybrid vessels. Of the series of twelve new-generation electric hybrid vessels  every other vessel will be sold to a company formed by a group of investors. As previously announced  the total amount of ESL Shipping's own investment will remain at the size of six vessels and approximately EUR 70 million.The first three of the new vessels are already under construction  and the planned delivery of the first vessel is scheduled for the autumn 2023. The planned delivery of the last vessel is scheduled for the second quarter of 2026. AtoBatC Shipping will act as the manager of the pool and all vessels in the pool will be placed as part of the shipping company's existing and growing contract traffic. The investor company is offered complete services related to the construction and maintenance of the vessels on a turnkey basis.ESL Shipping’s long-term environmental activities focus on minimizing emissions to the sea and air. The shipping company aims to halve its carbon dioxide emissions per transportation unit by the end of the decade. One of the measures implemented together with a key client is to optimize a vessel’s speed with Virtual Arrival procedure  which has reduced emissions on the applied voyages on average by 24% in the past twelve months. Discussions are ongoing to extend the procedure for other trade lines and clients.The scheduled drydockings of the current fleet continued with 63 (116) docking days during the third quarter.The net sales of ESL Shipping in January–September increased significantly by 33% from the comparative period  amounting to EUR 182.1 (136.7) million. The comparable operating profit increased to EUR 26.8 (17.0) million and the comparable operating profit rate was 14.7% (12.4%).ESL Shipping outlook for 2022The overall macroeconomic uncertainty is increasing within ESL Shipping’s main geographical market area. High rate of inflation  mainly driven by high energy prices caused by supply constraints owing to the war in Ukraine  is increasing the pressure on demand and pricing among the shipping company’s main customers. As usual  most of the shipping company’s transportation capacity has been secured through long-term agreements  which will continue to support ESL Shipping’s performance going forward. The shipping company’s investments in energy efficient vessels will also further strengthen its market position  as the dominant role of energy cost as a driver in supply chain efficiency continues.Spot market demand and spot market price level in the company’s main market area in Northern Europe have softened from the very high levels of first half-year 2022 but remain still at a satisfactory level in all vessel categories. Production volumes of ESL Shipping’s main clients are forecasted overall to continue on current levels with necessary access to key raw materials. Demand of energy shipments is expected to remain high. Clients in metal industry have however informed about production curtailments owing to maintenance breaks  high energy prices and decrease in their customer demand  which affect contract volumes already during the last quarter of 2022.After deliveries of Russian raw materials stopped  some of the shipping company’s significant contractual customers were forced to seek new suppliers in new geographical areas for part of their required production input. This is expected to lengthen transportation distances and increase demand for sea transportation per ton mile especially for ESL Shipping’s larger vessels. Temporarily the share of energy coal is expected to increase in terms of ton miles  mainly due to longer transportation distance.The expectations of providers of chartered-in tonnage are not meeting the realities of the market  and this may create uncertainty to availability of suitable tonnage.Measures will continue to protect the personnel’s health security during the re-emergence of the coronavirus.The impact of energy price increases on ESL Shipping’s costs are effectively offset through long-term fuel clauses in transportation agreements. The shipping company is moderately increasing the fuel stock level onboard its ships in anticipation for eventual supply shortages during late 2022.During the fourth quarter  one larger vessel unit will be drydocked for a total of approximately 10 days due to unplanned maintenance. In total  there will be approximately 120 (229) dockage days in 2022. All vessels owned by ESL Shipping are now equipped with ballast water treatment systems that meet new environmental regulations.TelkoTelko is a leading expert in and supplier of plastic raw materials  industrial chemicals and lubricants. It operates as a sustainable partner in the value chain  bringing well-known international principals and customers together. Its competitive edge is based on strong technical support  efficient logistics and local expert service. Telko operates in Finland  the Baltic countries  Scandinavia  Poland  Romania  Russia  Belarus  Ukraine  Kazakhstan  Uzbekistan  and China.7-9/2022 7-9/2021 Change % 1-9/2022 1-9/2021 Change % Net sales  MEUR 60.5 69.6 -13 208.2 195.2 7 Operating profit  MEUR 4.2 5.9 -29 15.0 16.0 -6 Operating profit  % 6.9 8.5 7.2 8.2 Items affecting comparability  MEUR 0.5 -4.5 Comparable operating profit  MEUR 3.7 5.9 -37 19.5 16.0 22 Comparable operating profit  % 6.1 8.5 9.4 8.2In the third quarter  Telko’s net sales declined by 13% to EUR 60.5 (69.6) million and its comparable operating profit decreased to EUR 3.7 (5.9) million. Telko’s comparable operating profit rate was 6.1% (8.5%). The comparable operating profit for the third quarter excludes items affecting comparability of EUR 0.5 million due to the decrease in credit loss provisions related to accounts receivables in Ukraine. Telko’s operating profit for the third quarter declined to EUR 4.2 (5.9) million.Telko’s net sales dropped significantly during the third quarter due to decreased sales in Russia  as EU imports were terminated and sanctioned products abandoned. Telko´s sales outside of Russia  Belarus  and Ukraine continued to grow. During the last few years  Telko has consistently decreased the share of commodities and increased the share of specialty products and is therefore nowadays more resilient to price fluctuation than in the past.Net sales of the plastics business decreased by 20% during the third quarter  amounting to EUR 30.5 (38.1) million. The main driver for the decline was Telko´s shrinking business in Russia. In Telko´s European markets demand of plastic polymers remained in general on a normal level. Product availability has improved  although it is still not fully normalized. Price levels  particularly in volume plastics  declined significantly  whereas price levels have still developed positively for technical products. Overall  prices are still clearly above long-term average.Net sales of the chemicals business decreased by 22% to EUR 17.3 (22.2) million due to decreased sales in Russia. Overall price levels declined during the quarter but stabilized towards the end of the quarter. Increasing energy costs and other production costs prevented further price decline. In general  demand in western markets has softened slightly. In addition  demand of some customer segments has declined following export restrictions to Russia  impacting especially Finland and Latvia. Chemicals sales in Ukraine continued to recover reaching a 60-70% level in September  compared to the previous year’s levels.Net sales of the lubricants business increased by 37% to EUR 12.7 (9.3) million. High price levels combined with the acquisition of Mentum AS at the end of 2021 were the most significant growth drivers. High demand especially for Industrial lubricants resulted in sales volume growth  whereas the automotive segment showed weaker performance. There were significant cost increases for raw materials  transportation  and product manufacturing.Telko’s net sales increased by 7% during January–September to EUR 208.2 (195.2) million. Telko’s comparable operating profit for the review period was EUR 19.5 (16.0) million  and its comparable operating profit rate was 9.4% (8.2%). The comparable operating profit of Telko Russia and Belarus was close to zero during the third quarter  and hence the absolute profit level of the third quarter is an indication of performance after the targeted exit of Telko Russia and Belarus  excluding the losses caused by the exits. Telko’s operating profit stood at EUR 15.0 (16.0) million for January–September 2022 and the operating profit rate was 7.2% (8.2%).Telko outlook for 2022Telko´s net sales and operating profit are expected to decrease during the fourth quarter of the year compared with the fourth quarter last year  mainly due to the further decreasing sales in Russia. In western markets  sales are expected to remain on a relatively stable level  but the risk for rapid changes in demand and price level remains. In the current business environment  the market is unpredictable and rapid changes are possible even if they are not yet in sight.In October  Telko signed a binding framework agreement according to which it will sell the share capital of its Russian subsidiary Telko OOO to Russian industrial operator GK Himik. The completion of the transaction requires an approval of the Russian authorities. Telko´s operations in Russia and Belarus will not have significant impact on Telko´s comparable operating profit during the fourth quarter.Aspo announced on September 28 that Telko will acquire the business of Norwegian Johan Steenks AS. The transaction was completed on October 3. Johan Steenks is a distributor of engineering plastics and plastic additives with an established customer base in the Norwegian market and numerous well-known principals. The company's annual net sales are approximately 5 million euros. The acquisition will not have significant impact on Telko´s sales or result during the last quarter of the year.Telko expects that prices will stabilize in volume and engineering plastics  due to the already high energy cost in Europe. Overall market demand is expected to remain stable in the last quarter.In chemicals  the energy costs will keep production costs and price levels relatively high  and further price decline is not expected. In Europe demand and price levels are expected to remain stable  and recovery in Ukraine is expected to continue. Solid growth is also expected to continue in Central Asia. Demand of several customer segments is slowing down in Finland and Baltics due to discontinued exports to Russia.In lubricants  the prices are expected to remain relatively stable towards the end of year. Base oil prices have stabilized and even declined in some markets  but prices of readymade lubricants may slightly increase due to higher energy cost in manufacturing and general inflation. In industrial lubricants demand may suffer from reduced production in the metal manufacturing sector due to high energy price level. The demand for automotive lubricants may soften in coming months as it is driven by consumer purchasing power. Long delivery times remain a challenge.According to its strategy  Telko will seek not only organic growth  but also accelerated growth through acquisitions to achieve its strategic targets.LeipurinLeipurin operates as part of the food chain  acquiring raw materials in global markets and from domestic companies and supplying them through its effective logistics chain according to customer needs. Leipurin operates in nine countries that have been grouped into four regional organizations  each being responsible for their financial performance: Finland  Sweden  East  and the Baltic region. Leipurin serves bakery  food industry and foodservice customers by providing raw materials and by supporting research and development and recipes for new products. Leipurin’s other product categories include various supplies and machines for the same customer segments. Leipurin uses leading international manufacturers as its raw material and machinery supply partners.Aspo announced on April 22  2022 that Leipurin will withdraw from its businesses in Russia  Belarus and Kazakhstan. Negotiations with potential buyers are ongoing.7-9/2022 7-9/2021 Change % 1-9/2022 1-9/2021 Change % Net sales  MEUR 32.3 27.7 17 89.3 81.4 10 Operating profit  MEUR -0.5 0.6 -183 -0.5 1.2 -142 Operating profit  % -1.5 2.2 -0.6 1.5 Items affecting comparability  MEUR -1.1 -2.7 Comparable operating profit  MEUR 0.6 0.6 0 2.2 1.2 83 Comparable operating profit  % 1.9 2.2 2.5 1.5 Comparable operating profit excl. Vulganus  MEUR 0.6 0.8 -25 3.0 1.5 100 Comparable operating profit excl. Vulganus  % 1.9 3.0 3.5 2.0Leipurin’s operations continued to be impacted by restrictions in eastern markets caused by the war in Ukraine and strong price inflation of the global raw material market  along with challenges related to raw material availability.Leipurin’s net sales in total increased by 17% to EUR 32.3 (27.7) million in the third quarter  the comparative figure for 2021 contains EUR 1.4 million sales of discontinued and sold businesses. In regional business units  net sales in Finland grew by 15% and stood at EUR 12.3 (10.7) million. Net sales in the Baltic business unit increased by 18% and were EUR 9.4 (8.0) million. In business unit East  net sales were down by 18% due to the scaled-down assortment including only local sourcing and stood at EUR 6.2 (7.6) million. New business unit Sweden  established as a result of the acquisition of Kobia AB on 1 September  contributed to Leipurin’s third quarter net sales by EUR 4.4 million. Sales to bakeries was up by 18% in the third quarter at EUR 22.5 (19.0) million. Sales to food industry increased by 23% and were EUR 3.7 (3.0) million.Leipurin’s third quarter sales were significantly impacted by strong growth in global market prices of raw materials. Sales measured in kilograms showed a decline in Finland and the Baltic countries  whereas East decreased to around half of previous year’s level. The cost of living continued to increase significantly in Finland and the Baltic region  strengthening the shift in consumer demand towards more affordable products. Volumes in Finland and Sweden were also impacted by increased international traveling during the vacation months. Despite the negative volume trend  positive margin development continued.Leipurin’s comparable operating profit for the third quarter was EUR 0.6 (0.6) million and the comparable operating profit rate was 1.9% (2.2%). Leipurin’s comparable operating profit excluding Vulganus was EUR 0.6 million (0.8) and comparable operating profit rate 1.9% (3.0%). Items reducing Leipurin’s operating profit and affecting comparability totaled EUR -1.1 million  including costs related to the acquisition of Kobia AB and costs related to the withdrawal from Russia  Belarus and Kazakhstan. Leipurin’s operating profit for the third quarter was EUR -0.5 million (0.6). The operating profit was negatively affected by a reversal of fair value adjustment of EUR -0.4 million recognized on inventory in the Kobia acquisition.Leipurin completed the acquisition of the entire share capital of the Swedish bakery industry distributor Kobia Ab from the Swedish Abdon Group. Kobia Ab constitutes Leipurin’s new market area Sweden  and it is included in Aspo Group’s financial statements from September 1  2022. In 2021  Kobia’s net sales amounted to approximately EUR 50 million and its operating profit margin was approximately 3%. Through the acquisition  Leipurin further strengthens its position as a leading player in the Baltic Sea region. The new entity provides suppliers with a compelling gateway to the region’s market. Customers in the bakery and food industry will benefit from a strong partner in the global raw material market.In January-September  Leipurin’s net sales increased by 10% and were in total EUR 89.3 (81.4) million. The comparative figures for 2021 include significant machinery sales in Russia  and the year-on-year growth in raw materials was very strong. Net sales in business unit Finland grew by 18% and stood at EUR 34.3 (29.1) million. Net sales in the Baltic business unit increased by 21% and were EUR 26.8 (22.1) million. In the business unit East  net sales decreased by 10% and were EUR 19.4 (21.6) million. Sales to bakeries increased by 13% in January-September and were EUR 59.3 (52.5) million. Sales to the food industry increased by 22% and stood at EUR 10.0 (8.2) million. The euro-denominated increase in sales was significantly impacted by strong growth in global market prices of raw materials. In Finland and Baltics combined  the volumes in kilograms were above pre-pandemic 2019 levels.Leipurin’s comparable operating profit for January-September 2022 was EUR 2.2 (1.2) million and the comparable operating profit rate was 2.5% (1.5%). Net sales of Vulganus were EUR 4.3 (3.3) million and the operating profit was EUR -0.8 (-0.3) million. Leipurin’s comparable operating profit excluding Vulganus was EUR 3.0 (1.5) million and comparable operating profit rate 3.5% (2.0%).Vulganus was divested on June 30  2022. The divestment loss and related transaction costs of EUR -0.4 million are reported as part of the Leipurin segment’s figures in other operating expenses.The profit management program launched during the second quarter of 2021 will develop the organization’s capability of information-based management and particularly help to improve the commercial performance. The program includes both targeting selected growth clusters and improving efficiency of operations. The implementation of the program was particularly reflected on the positive development of results in Finland and the Baltic countries.Heli Arantola resigned in June to join another company. Arantola left the position of Leipurin’s Managing Director in the end of September. On October 25  Miska Kuusela was appointed the new Managing Director of Leipurin and a member of the Group Executive Committee of Aspo Group. Kuusela will start in his position on January 2  2023. Aspo Group’s CEO Rolf Jansson will act as the interim Managing Director until Miska Kuusela starts in his role.Leipurin outlook for 2022The war in Ukraine and the decision to withdraw operations from Russia  Belarus and Kazakhstan will have a significant impact on Leipurin’s net sales and financial results. The net sales of Leipurin Russia  Belarus and Kazakhstan amounted to EUR 26.3 million in year 2021 which accounted for 23 percent of Leipurin’s total net sales in 2021.The expansion to Sweden by acquisition of Kobia AB will add annual net sales of around EUR 50 million to the Leipurin and generate significant synergies in assortment development  supply chain and sourcing  and particularly when being able to serve partners in a broader geographical area.Inflation and in particular increased energy prices will have a negative impact on demand for more premium products and can cause profitability challenges for the bakery segment’s customers. The weakening of purchasing power can have a negative effect on the demand for artisanal bakeries  as consumers direct their purchases to more affordable products.Prices of major raw material categories are expected to continue on a rising trend  although the very rapid inflation experienced during the review period should stabilize somewhat.Despite these challenges  we see that the market of Leipurin in longer-term offers very stable development and also organic growth opportunities in selected market segments.The impact of the war in Ukraine and the coronavirus pandemic continue to affect the global supply chains and the availability of certain raw materials and general delivery times.Management of payment defaults and claims has succeeded well so far. Profitability challenges will increase risks of payment defaults and bankruptcies among customers and suppliers.Other operationsOther operations include Aspo Group’s administration  the financial and ICT service center  and a small number of other functions not covered by business units. In the third quarter  the operating profit of Other operations was EUR -0.9 (-2.8) million including items affecting comparability of EUR -0.1 million relating to restructuring. Thus  the comparable operating profit amounted to EUR -0.8 (-2.8) million. In January–September the operating profit was EUR -4.8 (-6.0) million  including items affecting comparability of EUR -0.6 million relating to additional share-based compensation granted to the former CEO of Aspo. Thus  the comparable operating profit amounted to EUR -4.2 (-6.0) million. In the comparative period  costs increased as a result of higher personnel costs  including the costs related to the change of the CEO that were not reported as items affecting comparability  and individual short-term projects.COMPANY INFORMATIONAspo aims to achieve sustainable long-term growth by re-investing earned profits in profitable investment objects and by taking steps towards a compounder profile. Aspo enables growth for the businesses it owns and aims to improve their profitability and earnings by developing them and ensuring steady cash flows. The goal is to assume an even more active role in mergers  acquisitions  and other restructuring activities as well as in growth investments in the owned businesses. Aspo focuses especially on B-to-B industrial services  and its key clusters include logistics and trade.Key businesses in Aspo’s portfolio are ESL Shipping  Telko and Leipurin. They are responsible for their own operations and customer relationships  as well as for developing these. Sustainability is a key factor of our management system and guides the process of targeting new investment opportunities.Share capital and sharesAspo Plc’s registered share capital on September 30  2022  was EUR 17 691 729.57  and the total number of shares was 31 419 779  of which the company held 62 250 shares  i.e. 0.2% of the share capital.Aspo Plc has one share series. Each share entitles the shareholder to one vote at the Shareholders’ Meeting. Aspo’s share is quoted on Nasdaq Helsinki Ltd’s Mid Cap segment under basic resources.During January–September 2022  a total of 3 637 260 Aspo Plc shares  with a market value of EUR 24.0 million  were traded on the Nasdaq Helsinki. In other words  11 6% of the shares changed hands. During the review period  the share price reached a high of EUR 11.80 and a low of EUR 6.09. The average price was EUR 8.00 and the closing price at the end of the review period was EUR 7.37. At the end of the review period  the market value  excluding treasury shares  was EUR 231.1 million.The company had 11 618 shareholders at the end of the review period. A total of 1 136 743 shares  or 3.61% of the share capital  were nominee registered or held by non-domestic shareholders.RemunerationShare-based incentive plan 2022–2024On February 16  2022  Aspo Plc’s Board of Directors decided to establish a new share-based incentive plan for 2022–2024. The aim of the plan is to align the objectives of the shareholders and key employees in order to increase the value of the company in the long term  to retain key employees in the company  and to offer them a competitive reward plan based on earnings and accumulating the company’s shares.The share-based incentive plan consists of three earnings periods  with the earned reward being based on the Group’s earnings per share (EPS) and two sustainability indicators. Participation in the scheme and obtaining rewards require that participants allocate the freely transferable company shares they hold to the plan or acquire the company’s shares up to the quantity determined by the Board of Directors.The share-based incentive plan is directed at a maximum of 30 people  including the members of the Group Executive Committee. The potential reward will be paid partly in the company’s shares and partly in cash in 2023  2024 and 2025. The rewards payable based on the plan correspond to a maximum total value of 400 000 Aspo Plc shares  also including the proportion to be paid in cash.Share-based incentive plan 2021–2023On February 11  2021  Aspo’s Board of Directors decided to continue the share-based incentive plan for the Group’s key personnel by establishing a share-based incentive plan for 2021–2023. The aim of the plan is to align the objectives of the shareholders and key employees in order to increase the value of the company in the long term  to retain key employees in the company  and to offer them a competitive reward plan based on earnings and accumulating the company’s shares. The share-based incentive plan is directed at around 20 people  including the members of the Group Executive Committee.The EPS target  acting as an earnings criterion for the share-based incentive plan  was fully met during the 2021 financial year. Based on the share-based incentive plan  a total of 89 400 treasury shares were transferred  and an amount equaling the value of the shares was paid to cover taxes in March 2022.Restricted Share Plan 2020In June 2022  based on the Restricted Share Plan 2020  Aspo Board of Directors granted 10 000 shares of Aspo and a corresponding amount for taxes to the CEO of Aspo  Rolf Jansson. The transaction follows the terms of the CEO director agreement and by the agreement  Mr Jansson has concurrently acquired 10 000 shares from market at his own expense.Decisions of the Annual Shareholders’ MeetingDividendAspo Plc’s Annual Shareholders’ Meeting held on April 6  2022  decided  as proposed by the Board of Directors  that EUR 0.23 per share be distributed in dividends for the 2021 financial year  and that no dividend be paid for shares held by Aspo Plc. The dividend was paid on April 19  2022.In addition  the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting authorized the Board of Directors to decide on the distribution of a total of EUR 0.22 per share at maximum in dividends and/or as a capital refund from the invested unrestricted equity fund at a later date. The authorization remains valid until the next Annual Shareholders’ Meeting. The Board of Directors will decide at its meeting to be held on November 2  2022  on the second dividend distribution and/or capital refund which would be paid in November 2022 to shareholders who are registered in the shareholders’ register maintained by Euroclear Finland Ltd on the record date.The Board of Directors and the auditorPatricia Allam  Mammu Kaario  Mikael Laine  Salla Pöyry  Tatu Vehmas and Heikki Westerlund were re-elected to the Board of Directors  and Tapio Kolunsarka was elected as a new member. At the Board’s organizing meeting held after the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting  Heikki Westerlund was elected Chair of the Board and Mammu Kaario as Vice Chair. In addition  the Board decided to elect Heikki Westerlund as Chair of the Personnel and Remuneration Committee  and Tapio Kolunsarka  Salla Pöyry and Tatu Vehmas as its members  and Mammu Kaario as Chair of the Audit Committee  and Patricia Allam  Mikael Laine and Tatu Vehmas as its members.The Authorized Public Accountant firm Deloitte Oy was elected as the company’s auditor. Deloitte Oy has announced that Jukka Vattulainen  APA  will act as the auditor in charge. The auditor’s fee will be paid in accordance with an accepted invoice.Board authorizationsAuthorization of the Board of Directors to decide on the acquisition of treasury sharesThe Annual Shareholders’ Meeting on April 6  2022 authorized the Board of Directors to decide on the acquisition of no more than 500 000 treasury shares using the unrestricted equity of the company  representing around 1.6% of all the shares in the company. The authorization includes the right to accept treasury shares as a pledge. The authorization is valid until the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting in 2023 but not more than 18 months from the approval at the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting.Authorization of the Board of Directors to decide on a share issue of treasury sharesThe Annual Shareholders’ Meeting on April 6  2022 authorized the Board of Directors to decide on a share issue  through one or several lots  to be executed by conveying treasury shares. An aggregate maximum amount of 900 000 shares may be conveyed based on the authorization. The authorization is valid until the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting in 2023 but not more than 18 months from the approval at the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting.Authorization of the Board of Directors to decide on a share issue of new sharesThe Annual Shareholders’ Meeting on April 6  2022 authorized the Board of Directors to decide on an issue of new shares against payment. The authorization includes the right of the Board of Directors to decide on all of the other terms and conditions of the conveyance and thus also includes the right to decide on a directed share issue  in deviation from the shareholders’ pre-emptive right  if a compelling financial reason exists for the company to do so. The total number of new shares to be offered for subscription may not exceed 1 500 000. The authorization is valid until the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting in 2023 but not more than 18 months from the approval at the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting.Authorization of the Board of Directors to decide on donationsAspo Plc’s Annual Shareholders’ Meeting held on April 6  2022 authorized the Board of Directors to decide on donations of EUR 100 000 at maximum for non-profit or similar purposes  and to decide on the recipients  purposes and other conditions of the donations. The authorization is valid until the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting in 2023.FINANCIAL INFORMATIONAspo Group’s condensed consolidated statement of comprehensive income7-9/2022 7-9/2021 1-9/2022 1-9/2021 1-12/2021 MEUR MEUR MEUR MEUR MEUR Continuing operations Net sales 157.8 144.6 479.6 413.3 573.3 Other operating income 0.3 0.1 2.2 0.3 0.5 Materials and services -96.4 -89.6 -293.1 -252.1 -349.4 Employee benefit expenses -12.4 -13.0 -40.3 -37.7 -50.7 Depreciation  amortization and impairment losses -4.8 -3.8 -13.0 -12.0 -20.8 Depreciation  leased assets -4.1 -3.3 -12.1 -9.9 -13.7 Other operating expenses -27.9 -24.2 -85.7 -73.7 -102.3 Operating profit 12.5 10.8 37.6 28.2 36.9 Financial income and expenses -2.1 -1.0 -7.0 -2.9 -3.9 Profit before taxes 10.4 9.8 30.6 25.3 33.0 Income taxes -0.8 -1.2 -2.8 -2.6 -4.7 Profit from continuing operations 9.6 8.6 27.8 22.7 28.3 Profit from discontinued operation (attributable to equity holders of the company) -0.2 -3.2 -1.7 -3.1 -3.0 Profit for the period 9.4 5.4 26.1 19.6 25.3 Other comprehensive income Items that may be reclassified to profit or loss in subsequent periods: Translation differences -2.1 0.9 6.0 2.3 2.2 Other comprehensive income for the period  net of taxes -2.1 0.9 6.0 2.3 2.2 Total comprehensive income 7.3 6.3 32.1 21.9 27.5 Profit attributable to parent company shareholders 9.4 5.4 26.1 19.6 25.3 Total comprehensive income attributable to parent company shareholders 7.3 6.3 32.1 21.9 27.5 Earnings per share attributable to parent company shareholders  EUR Basic and diluted earnings per share Continuing operations 0.30 0.26 0.87 0.69 0.86 Discontinued operations 0.00 -0.10 -0.05 -0.10 -0.10 Total 0.30 0.16 0.82 0.59 0.76Aspo Group’s condensed consolidated balance sheet9/2022 9/2021 12/2021 Assets MEUR MEUR MEUR Intangible assets 47.4 51.4 45.9 Tangible assets 181.0 167.5 168.9 Leased assets 20.4 19.4 20.7 Other non-current assets 1.8 1.7 1.7 Total non-current assets 250.6 240.0 237.2 Inventories 79.3 51.6 68.6 Accounts receivable and other receivables 83.4 78.3 74.4 Cash and cash equivalents 43.7 23.7 17.7 206.4 153.6 160.7 Assets held for sale 3.0 8.4 Total current assets 209.4 153.6 169.1 Total assets 460.0 393.6 406.3 Equity and liabilities Share capital and premium 22.0 22.0 22.0 Other equity 142.2 102.1 107.4 Total equity 164.2 124.1 129.4 Loans and overdraft facilities 156.7 116.4 142.4 Lease liabilities 5.5 6.8 6.9 Other liabilities 7.9 4.3 5.7 Total non-current liabilities 170.1 127.5 155.0 Loans and overdraft facilities 25.9 49.8 21.4 Lease liabilities 15.5 13.1 14.4 Accounts payable and other liabilities 82.2 79.1 79.3 123.6 142.0 115.1 Liabilities directly associated with assets classified as held for sale 2.1 6.8 Total current liabilities 125.7 142.0 121.9 Total equity and liabilities 460.0 393.6 406.3Aspo Group’s condensed consolidated cash flow statement1-9/2022 1-9/2021 1-12/2021 MEUR MEUR MEUR CASH FLOWS FROM/USED IN OPERATING ACTIVITIES Operating profit  Group total 36.0 25.1 33.9 Adjustments to operating profit 25.6 26.5 39.6 Change in working capital -5.8 -12.6 -22.0 Interest paid -6.8 -3.0 -4.4 Interest received 0.6 0.2 0.4 Income taxes paid -3.9 -2.9 -3.5 Net cash from operating activities 45.7 33.3 44.0 CASH FLOWS FROM/USED IN INVESTING ACTIVITIES Investments -15.2 -11.1 -16.9 Investment subsidy 1.0 1.0 Proceeds from sale of tangible assets 1.8 0.2 0.3 Acquisition of businesses -15.6 -1.1 Disposal of businesses 1.2 Dividends received 0.2 Net cash used in investing activities -27.8 -9.9 -16.5 CASH FLOWS FROM/USED IN FINANCING ACTIVITIES Proceeds from loans 29.6 37.0 Repayment of loans -8.3 -9.6 -47.5 Net change in commercial papers -5.0 -6.0 -6.0 Payments of lease liabilities -12.3 -10.0 -13.8 Hybrid bond repayment -20.0 Proceeds from Hybrid bond issue 30.0 Hybrid bond  interest paid -1.8 -1.7 -1.8 Hybrid bond  issuance fees paid -0.3 Dividends paid -7.2 -5.6 -10.9 Net cash used in financing activities 4.7 -32.9 -43.0 Change in cash and cash equivalents 22.6 -9.5 -15.5 Cash and cash equivalents January 1 17.7 32.3 32.3 Translation differences 3.4 0.9 0.9 Cash and cash equivalents at period-end 43.7 23.7 17.7Aspo Group consolidated statement of changes in equityShare capital and premiumOther reservesHybrid bondTranslation differencesRetained earningsTotalMEUR Equity January 1  2022 22.0 16.5 20.0 -24.8 95.7 129.4 Comprehensive income: Profit for the period 26.1 26.1 Translation differences 6.0 6.0 Total comprehensive income 6.0 26.1 32.1 Transactions with owners: Dividend payment -7.2 -7.2 Hybrid bond 10.0 10.0 Hybrid bond interest and -0.8 -0.8 issuance costs Sale of treasury shares 0.3 0.3 Share-based incentive plan 0.4 0.4 Total transactions 10.0 -7.3 2.7 with owners Equity September 30  2022 22.0 16.5 30.0 -18.8 114.5 164.2 Equity January 1  2021 22.0 16.5 20.0 -26.9 81.9 113.5 Comprehensive income: Profit for the period 19.6 19.6 Translation differences 2.3 2.3 Total comprehensive income 2.3 19.6 21.9 Transactions with owners: Dividend payment -10.9 -10.9 Hybrid bond interest -1.3 -1.3 Share-based incentive plan 0.9 0.9 Total transactions -11.3 -11.3 with owners Equity September 30  2021 22.0 16.5 20.0 -24.6 90.2 124.1Accounting principlesAspo Plc’s interim financial report has been prepared in accordance with the principles of IAS 34 Interim Financial Reporting. As of the beginning of the financial year  Aspo applies certain new or amended IFRS standards and IFRIC interpretations as described in the 2021 consolidated financial statements. In other respects  the same accounting and measurement principles have been applied as in the consolidated financial statements of December 31  2021. The information in this interim report is unaudited.Aspo Plc applies the guidance on alternative key figures issued by ESMA. In addition to IFRS figures  the company releases other commonly used key figures  which are mainly derived from the statement of comprehensive income and balance sheet. According to the management  key figures clarify the view drawn by the statement of comprehensive income and balance sheet of Aspo’s financial performance and financial position. The calculation principles of key figures are explained on page 71 of the Aspo’s Year 2021 publication.PersonnelAt the end of the review period  Aspo Group had 936 employees (944 at the end of 2021)  of which discontinued operations accounted for 23 (22) employees.Segment informationAspo Group’s reportable segments are ESL Shipping  Telko and Leipurin.Reconciliation of segment operating profit to the group's profit before taxes 1-9/2022 ESL ShippingTelko Leipurin Unallocated Group MEUR items total Operating profit 27.9 15.0 -0.5 -4.8 37.6 Net financial expenses -7.0 -7.0 Profit before taxes 30.6 1-9/2021 ESL ShippingTelko Leipurin Unallocated Group MEUR items total Operating profit 17.0 16.0 1.2 -6.0 28.2 Net financial expenses -2.9 -2.9 Profit before taxes 25.3Investments by segment ESL ShippingTelko Leipurin Unallocated Group MEUR items total Investments 1-9/2022 14.3 0.7 0.1 15.1 Investments 1-9/2021 9.6 0.4 0.1 10.1Green Coaster investment commitmentAtoBatC Shipping AB  reported in the ESL Shipping segment  is building a series of six highly energy-efficient electric hybrid vessels. The new vessels of ice class 1A will be top of the line in terms of their cargo capacity  technology and innovation. The total value of the six-vessel investment is approximately EUR 70 million  and its cash flows will be divided mainly for the years 2023 and 2024. The new vessels will be built at the Chowgule and Company Private Limited shipyard in India  and they will start operating from the third quarter of 2023.During the third quarter of 2022 it was confirmed that ESL Shipping will establish a Green Coaster pool. As a result  AtoBatC Shipping AB declared options and ordered five additional vessels from the Indian shipyard Chowgule & Company Private Limited  from which the shipping company has previously ordered seven identical electric hybrid vessels. Of the series of twelve new-generation electric hybrid vessels  every other vessel will be sold to a company formed by a group of investors.For the vessels to be sold further  the advance payments are recognized as advance payments in inventories. At the end of the review period the inventories include EUR 4.5 million of Green Coaster advance payments.The total amount of ESL Shipping's own investment will remain at the size of six vessels and approximately EUR 70 million.Segment assets and liabilities ESL ShippingTelko Leipurin Held for Unallocated Group MEUR sale items total Assets Dec 31  2021 215.8 106.6 54.7 8.4 20.8 406.3 Assets Sep 30  2022 235.7 96.9 76.3 3.0 48.1 460.0 Liabilities Dec 31  2021 31.5 47.9 15.4 6.8 175.3 276.9 Liabilities Sep 30  2022 36.9 42.4 20.7 2.1 193.7 295.8Aspo Group disaggregation of net sales  from continuing operationsTelko net sales 7-9/2022 7-9/2021 Change % 1-9/2022 1-9/2021 Change % 1-12/2021 MEUR MEUR MEUR MEUR MEUR Business area: Plastics business 30.5 38.1 -19.9 107.3 107.0 0.3 146.7 Chemicals business 17.3 22.2 -22.1 64.4 60.2 7.0 83.6 Lubricants business 12.7 9.3 36.6 36.5 28.0 30.4 38.5 Telko total 60.5 69.6 -13.1 208.2 195.2 6.7 268.8Leipurin net sales 7-9/2022 7-9/2021 Change % 1-9/2022 1-9/2021 Change % 1-12/2021 MEUR MEUR MEUR MEUR MEUR Business units: Finland 12.3 10.7 15.0 34.4 29.1 18.2 40.4 Sweden 4.4 4.4 Baltics 9.4 8.0 17.5 26.8 22.1 21.3 30.6 East 6.2 7.6 -18.4 19.4 21.6 -10.2 30.7 Total 32.3 26.3 22.8 85.0 72.8 16.8 101.7 of which: Bakeries 22.5 19.0 18.4 59.3 52.5 13.0 73.2 Food Industry 3.7 3.0 23.3 10.0 8.2 22.0 11.0 Retail  foodservice and other 6.1 4.3 41.9 15.7 12.1 29.8 17.4 Machinery trading Russia 1.1 -100.0 5.3 -100.0 7.3 Vulganus 0.3 -100.0 4.3 3.3 30.3 4.1 Leipurin total 32.3 27.7 16.6 89.3 81.4 9.7 113.1Net sales by timing of revenue recognition7-9/2022 7-9/2021 1-9/2022 1-9/2021 1-12/2021 MEUR MEUR MEUR MEUR MEUR ESL Shipping At a point in time 1.0 0.7 2.9 2.7 3.6 Over time 64.0 46.6 179.2 134.0 187.8 65.0 47.3 182.1 136.7 191.4 Telko At a point in time 60.4 69.6 207.9 195.0 268.5 Over time 0.1 0.0 0.3 0.2 0.3 60.5 69.6 208.2 195.2 268.8 Leipurin At a point in time 32.3 26.5 86.0 77.8 107.5 Over time 0.0 1.2 3.3 3.6 5.6 32.3 27.7 89.3 81.4 113.1 Total At a point in time 93.7 96.8 296.8 275.5 379.6 Over time 64.1 47.8 182.8 137.8 193.7 157.8 144.6 479.6 413.3 573.3Net sales by market area 7-9/2022 7-9/2021 1-9/2022 1-9/2021 1-12/2021 MEUR MEUR MEUR MEUR MEUR ESL Shipping Finland 32.8 21.3 88.9 64.1 84.3 Scandinavia 18.3 11.2 46.6 36.7 54.1 Baltic countries 0.4 0.5 2.3 1.2 3.5 Russia  other CIS countries and Ukraine 0.0 0.8 1.3 1.9 2.5 Other countries 13.5 13.5 43.0 32.8 47.0 65.0 47.3 182.1 136.7 191.4 Telko Finland 12.0 12.1 39.8 35.2 47.6 Scandinavia 15.4 13.0 47.6 38.3 52.4 Baltic countries 6.6 4.8 20.6 15.4 20.4 Russia  other CIS countries and Ukraine 18.5 31.2 75.9 83.3 117.3 Other countries 8.0 8.5 24.3 23.0 31.1 60.5 69.6 208.2 195.2 268.8 Leipurin Finland 12.2 11.2 37.1 30.5 43.3 Scandinavia 4.4 0.6 4.8 2.2 2.9 Baltic countries 9.4 8.1 26.7 22.2 30.9 Russia  other CIS countries and Ukraine 6.1 7.6 19.4 26.1 35.4 Other countries 0.2 0.2 1.3 0.4 0.6 32.3 27.7 89.3 81.4 113.1 Total Finland 57.0 44.6 165.8 129.8 175.2 Scandinavia 38.1 24.8 99.0 77.2 109.4 Baltic countries 16.4 13.4 49.6 38.8 54.8 Russia  other CIS countries and Ukraine 24.6 39.6 96.6 111.3 155.2 Other countries 21.7 22.2 68.6 56.2 78.7 157.8 144.6 479.6 413.3 573.3Acquisition of Kobia ABLeipurin acquired the entire share capital of the Swedish bakery industry distributor Kobia Ab from the Swedish Abdon Group on September 1  2022. The acquisition expands Leipurin’s geographical presence in the Northern European market. In 2021  Kobia’s net sales amounted to approximately EUR 50 million and its operating profit margin was approximately 3%. The acquisition of Kobia AB included also the properties owned by Kobia. Aspo actively explores options to sell and lease back the properties. The potential transaction is significantly affected by market conditions.The preliminary purchase price is EUR 15.6 million and it is paid in full in cash. The assets and liabilities of the acquired company were measured at fair value at the acquisition date. A fair value allocation of EUR 9.0 million was made on the properties  a fair value allocation of EUR 0.6 million was made on the intangible assets based on customer relationships  and the fair value adjustment relating to inventory was EUR 0.5 million. The deferred tax liability arising from the fair value adjustments amounted to EUR 2.1 million. The carrying amount of the other acquired assets and liabilities were deemed to correspond to their fair values. A goodwill balance of EUR 0.4 million resulted from the acquisition. The acquisition-related costs of approximately one million euro were recognized in the Leipurin segment’s other operating expenses.Preliminary acquisition calculation of Kobia AB 9/2022 MEUR Consideration Paid in cash 15.6 Total consideration 15.6 Assets acquired and liabilities assumed  fair value Intangible assets 1.0 Tangible assets 12.9 Leased assets 0.3 Inventories 4.8 Accounts receivable and other receivables 5.0 Total assets 24.0 Interest bearing liabilities 1.2 Accounts payable and other liabilities 5.3 Deferred tax liability 2.2 Total liabilities 8.7 Net assets acquired 15.3 Goodwill 0.4Discontinued operations and other non-current assets and disposal groups held for saleThe Kauko operating segment and Vulganus Oy  part of the Leipurin segment  were defined as non-core businesses for Aspo in December 2021. Vulganus was sold on 30 June 2022 to a leading Austrian bakery machine manufacturer KÖNIG Maschinen GmbH. The results of Vulganus  including the divestment loss of EUR -0.4 million are reported as part of the Leipurin segment’s figures and Aspo Group’s continuing operations.The Kauko operating segment has been classified as a discontinued operation in group reporting in accordance with IFRS 5 standard  and its results and balance sheet items are reported separately from the continuing operations of Aspo Group. In the statement of comprehensive income  the figures of the comparative periods have been restated. On the balance sheet  the assets of the Kauko operating segment are reported under “Assets held for sale” and liabilities under “Liabilities directly associated with assets classified as held for sale”. The reporting of balance sheet items on separate rows starts at the time of classification  therefore the figures of the comparative period of September 2021 have not been restated.Profit from discontinued operations 7-9/2022 7-9/2021 1-9/2022 1-9/2021 1-12/2021 MEUR MEUR MEUR MEUR MEUR Net sales 2.3 3.4 8.4 9.9 13.1 Materials and services -1.8 -2.5 -6.3 -7.3 -9.6 Employee benefit expenses -0.3 -0.4 -1.3 -1.3 -1.7 Depreciation  amortization and impairment losses 0.0 -3.5 -1.3 -3.5 -3.5 Depreciation  leased assets 0.0 0.0 0.0 -0.1 -0.1 Other operating expenses -0.4 -0.2 -1.1 -0.8 -1.2 Operating profit -0.2 -3.2 -1.6 -3.1 -3.0 Profit before taxes -0.2 -3.2 -1.6 -3.1 -3.0 Income taxes -0.1 Profit for the period -0.2 -3.2 -1.7 -3.1 -3.0Profit from discontinued operations includes the income and expenses of Kauko operating segment  insofar as they are considered to transfer outside Aspo Group in conjunction with the divestment. Therefore  the profit from discontinued operations does not include all internal administrative charges of Aspo Group allocated to Kauko operating segment. As a result  the profit from discontinued operations during the third quarter is EUR 0.2 (0.2) million higher than the Kauko operating segment’s profit. An impairment loss of EUR -1.3 million was recognized on Kauko’s goodwill in June 2022. An impairment loss of EUR -3.4 million was recognized on Kauko’s goodwill in the third quarter of 2021. There is no goodwill left in the Kauko operating segment.Assets and liabilities classified as held for sale 9/2022 12/2021 MEUR MEUR Assets of discontinued operations 3.0 5.5 Other assets held for sale 2.9 Assets classified as held for sale  total 3.0 8.4 Liabilities of discontinued operations 2.1 4.9 Liabilities directly associated with assets classified as held for sale 1.9 Liabilities directly associated with assets classified as held for sale  total 2.1 6.8Assets and liabilities of discontinued operations include the figures of the Kauko operating segment. The other assets held for sale with associated liabilities at the end of year 2021 pertain to Vulganus Oy. The classification includes the share of the assets and liabilities of Aspo Group that belong to the Kauko operating segment and Vulganus Oy  excluding internal assets and liabilities which are eliminated in consolidation. Assets and liabilities have been measured at their carrying amount. For Kauko and Vulganus the recognition of depreciation ended at the time of classification as held for sale on December 1  2021.Net cash flows of discontinued operations 1-9/2022 1-9/2021 1-12/2021 MEUR MEUR MEUR Net cash inflow from operating activities -0.4 0.3 0.4 Net cash inflowithoutflow(-) from investing activities 0.0 0.0 0.0 Net cash inflowithoutflow(-) from financing activities -1.6 -1.6 -1.6 Net change in cash generated by the discontinued operations -2.0 -1.3 -1.2Net cash flows of discontinued operations consist of the Kauko operating segment’s share of Aspo Group’s cash flows.Restricted cashAspo Group has EUR 14.0 million cash and cash equivalent balances in Russia the use of which are strictly limited by the Russian government and controlled by the banks. During the third quarter of 2022 dividend and commercial payments have still been successful. Further  as to our knowledge the sales prices of the businesses to be sold are estimated to be transferrable in connection with the sale. However  there is a risk that the cash equivalent balances in Russia are not fully available for use by the Group going forward and therefore regarded as restricted cash under IAS 7.Events after the review periodOn September 28  Telko announced that it will acquire the business of Johan Steenks  a Norwegian distributor of engineering plastics and plastic additives  and the transaction was completed on October 3.On October 17  Telko signed a binding framework agreement according to which it will sell the share capital of its Russian subsidiary Telko OOO to Russian industrial operator GK Himik. The sales price is approximately EUR 9.5 million. The completion of the transaction requires an approval of the Russian authorities. Rights to Telko's name and trademarks are not included in the sale. As a result of the divestment  Aspo estimates that it will recognize a total expense of approximately EUR 9 million  including a write-down of the company’s net assets and also an impairment loss on Telko’s goodwill  as well as the transaction costs. In addition  based on the current exchange rate of the Russian ruble  an amount of approximately EUR 3 million would be recognized as an expense due to translation differences  which does not reduce the equity of the Group.On October 17  Aspo upgraded its financial guidance for full-year 2022 especially due to the better-than-estimated development of ESL Shipping and outlook for the rest of the year. Aspo’s new financial guidance for 2022 is: Aspo Group's comparable operating profit will be EUR 52–57 (EUR 42.4) million in 2022. Previous guidance for 2022  issued on June 14  2022  was: Aspo Group’s comparable operating profit will improve from previous year (EUR 42.4 million).On October 25  Miska Kuusela was appointed the new Managing Director of Leipurin and a member of the Group Executive Committee of Aspo Group. Kuusela will start in his position on January 2  2023. Aspo Group’s CEO Rolf Jansson will act as the interim Managing Director until Miska Kuusela starts in his role.On November 1  Aspo announced that it has sold Kauko to Signal Partners Oy.Helsinki  November 2  2022Aspo PlcBoard of DirectorsPress and analyst conferenceA press  analyst and investor conference will be held at FLIK’s Eliel studio in Sanomatalo  Töölönlahdenkatu 2  00100 Helsinki on Wednesday  November 2  2022 at 2 p.m.The interim report will be presented by CEO Rolf Jansson. The presentation material will be available at www.aspo.com/en before the press conference.The press conference will be held in English  and it can be followed by a live webcast at https://aspo.videosync.fi/q3_2022. After the presentation  it is possible to ask question via telephone by registering through https://call.vsy.io/access-7794. After the registration you will be provided phone numbers and a conference ID to access the conference. The recording of the event will be available on the company’s website later on the same day.Helsinki  November 2  2022Aspo PlcRolf Jansson Arto Meitsalo CEO CFOFor more information  please contact:Rolf Jansson  +358 40 060 0264  rolf.jansson@aspo.comDISTRIBUTION:Nasdaq HelsinkiKey mediawww.aspo.comAspo produces value by owning and developing its businesses responsibly in the long term. The target of the owned businesses is to be the market leaders in their respective fields. The businesses are responsible for their operations  customer relationships and their development  aiming to reach a leading position in sustainability. Aspo supports the success and growth of its businesses through its best capabilities. Aspo Group has business operations in 18 different countries  and it employs approximately 900 professionals.Attachment,neutral,0.03,0.97,0.0,mixed,0.67,0.1,0.23,True,English,"['Aspo Group interim report', 'Q3 comparable operating profit', 'Strong financial performance', 'net sales', 'September', 'EUR', 'comparable operating profit rate', 'Q3 comparable operating profit', 'Aspo Group interim report', 'Free cash flow', 'Swedish bakery distributor', 'plastics distribution business', 'Strong financial performance', 'solid performance', 'operating activities', 'Net cash', 'financial reporting', 'Norwegian distributor', 'engineering plastics', 'financial figures', 'English Finnish', 'net sales', 'ESL Shipping', 'Rolf Jansson', 'sales drop', 'Eastern market', 'target level', 'great continuum', 'successful year', 'milestone acquisition', 'competition authorities', 'integration work', 'Structural changes', 'right direction', 'Johan Steenks', 'plastic additives', 'customer base', 'local markets', 'continuing operations', 'Other operations', 'discontinued operations', 'Group total', 'Aspo Plc', 'third quarter', 'record quarter', 'Key figures', 'corresponding period', 'strategy execution', '8 Equity ratio', 'November', 'September', 'EUR', 'brackets', 'July', 'Telko', 'Leipurin', 'Items', 'comparability', 'Earnings', 'share', 'Guidance', 'October', 'taxes', 'EPS', 'Return', 'ROE', '2.0 Gearing', 'CEO', 'comments', 'strides', 'Kobia', 'company', '9', '30', '2021', '2022']",2022-11-02,2022-11-03,globenewswire.com
12544,Euroclear,Bing API,https://www.informazione.it/c/9A49B324-CD37-4F09-B96B-4BC7D228B75A/Notice-to-the-Extraordinary-General-Meeting-of-Savosolar-Plc,Notice to the Extraordinary General Meeting of Savosolar Plc,Instructions for the participants 1. Shareholder registered in the shareholders' register Each shareholder who is registered on Tuesday  15 November 2022 in the shareholders' register of the company held by Euroclear Finland Ltd.  has the right to ...,Instructions for the participants 1. Shareholder registered in the shareholders' register Each shareholder who is registered on Tuesday  15 November 2022 in the shareholders' register of the company held by Euroclear Finland Ltd.  has the right to ...,neutral,0.31,0.67,0.03,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['Extraordinary General Meeting', 'Savosolar Plc', 'Notice', 'Euroclear Finland Ltd.', ""shareholders' register"", 'Instructions', 'participants', 'Tuesday', 'November', 'company', 'right']",2022-11-03,2022-11-03,informazione.it
12545,Euroclear,Bing API,https://www.ft.com/content/f064e59e-3173-42b8-b34f-e87fb76a9e7a,Asian ETF cross-listings ‘remove frictions’,The cross-listed DWS ETFs will use Euroclear Bank’s centralised clearing for cross-border securities  the international central securities depository system  which has already transformed ETF trading in Europe. Mohamed M’Rabti  director and deputy head ...,Latest news on ETFs Visit our ETF Hub to find out more and to explore our in-depth data and comparison toolsThe launch of a suite of DWS cross-listed exchange traded funds in Hong Kong and Singapore could be game changing for Asian investors  market participants say  offering the prospect of reduced costs and more choice.The excitement in the industry does not revolve around the funds themselves — which  apart from one MSCI USA swap Ucits ETF  offer Hong Kong and Singapore investors more exposure in Asian markets albeit via Ucits ETFs — but instead over the way settlement and clearing will be handled.The cross-listed DWS ETFs will use Euroclear Bank’s centralised clearing for cross-border securities  the international central securities depository system  which has already transformed ETF trading in Europe.Mohamed M’Rabti  director and deputy head of capital markets at Euroclear  said it used to take four to six days to move ETF shares from Europe to Hong Kong and Singapore  massively increasing the usual spread market makers were able to quote on bid-offer prices for cross-listed ETFs. “Now with the ICSD we have removed many frictions.”M’Rabti pointed to the success of ICSD in Europe  where he said more than 65 per cent of ETFs were using the international settlement system  and Mexico  where ICSD had facilitated the cross-listing of 330 European ETFs  adding that he expected more markets to adopt the system. Tel Aviv’s stock exchange is also a member of the ICSD.“With the ICSD  any local Asian exchange participants that have access to ICSD would have the ability to transfer shares to and from the Hong Kong and Singapore exchange versus the need to rely on [certain local] authorised participants to create units  which was the case previously ” said Keshava Shastry  global head of capital markets for DWS.In addition  he said  it was possible  within certain parameters  for the transfer of settled shares between Europe and Hong Kong and Singapore to happen on the same day.As well as improved liquidity  the centralised system is also expected to result in reduced spreads and therefore  ultimately  lower costs for investors.The ICSD system could also encourage greater institutional interest because it has  for example  fewer restrictions on order size  according to DWS.Serene Cai  head of securities trading at SGX  said part of the appeal of the link-up with Euroclear was that it made it easier for investors to access Ucits funds.Ucits ETFs not only offer a regulatory framework that has gained recognition outside Europe  but those with significant exposure to US equities have also gained favour with investors because they can offer tax advantages for overseas investors over their US-domiciled counterparts.“We expect more fruitful conversations with international ETF issuers  with the ICSD model. We have been in touch with a number of issuers that are interested in cross-listing their ETF in Hong Kong through the ICSD model ” said Brian Roberts  head of exchange traded products at HKEX.Click here to visit the ETF Hub,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,positive,0.6,0.4,0.0,True,English,"['Asian ETF cross-listings', 'frictions', 'one MSCI USA swap Ucits ETF', 'international central securities depository system', 'four to six days', 'certain local] authorised participants', 'usual spread market makers', 'local Asian exchange participants', 'greater institutional interest', 'international settlement system', 'international ETF issuers', 'Mohamed M’Rabti', 'market participants', 'cross-border securities', 'securities trading', 'Ucits ETFs', 'centralised system', 'ETF Hub', 'ETF trading', 'Ucits funds', 'Asian markets', 'stock exchange', 'Asian investors', 'Latest news', 'depth data', 'comparison tools', 'Hong Kong', 'reduced costs', 'bid-offer prices', 'many frictions', '65 per cent', 'Tel Aviv', 'Keshava Shastry', 'same day', 'reduced spreads', 'lower costs', 'fewer restrictions', 'order size', 'Serene Cai', 'regulatory framework', 'US equities', 'tax advantages', 'US-domiciled counterparts', 'fruitful conversations', 'Brian Roberts', 'ICSD system', 'ETF shares', 'capital markets', 'listed ETFs', '330 European ETFs', 'Singapore exchange', 'centralised clearing', 'deputy head', 'global head', 'significant exposure', 'overseas investors', 'Euroclear Bank', 'ICSD model', 'DWS ETFs', 'Singapore investors', 'launch', 'suite', 'prospect', 'choice', 'excitement', 'industry', 'way', 'director', 'success', 'Mexico', 'cross-listing', 'member', 'access', 'ability', 'need', 'units', 'case', 'addition', 'parameters', 'transfer', 'liquidity', 'The', 'example', 'SGX', 'appeal', 'link-up', 'recognition', 'favour', 'touch', 'number', 'products', 'HKEX']",2022-11-03,2022-11-03,ft.com
12546,Euroclear,Bing API,https://uk.finance.yahoo.com/news/notice-annual-general-meeting-skistar-093000035.html,Notice to Annual General Meeting of SkiStar AB,Right to participate and registration Shareholders wishing to participate in the AGM shall both be entered in the share register administered by Euroclear Sweden AB as per Friday  2 December 2022 and register their intention to participate in the AGM no ...,"SkiStar ABSkiStar AB (publ) will hold its Annual General Meeting (below referred to as AGM) on Saturday  December 10  2022 at 2 pm CET at Experium in Lindvallen  Sälen. Registration for the AGM will take place from 1.30 pm CET.Right to participate and registrationShareholders wishing to participate in the AGM shall both be entered in the share register administered by Euroclear Sweden AB as per Friday  2 December 2022 and register their intention to participate in the AGM no later than on Tuesday  6 December 2022. Registration of participation in the AGM can be submittedat the company’s webpage www.skistar.com/en/corporate by e-mail to GeneralMeetingService@euroclear.com (with reference “SkiStar AB Annual General Meeting”)in writing to SkiStar AB  ”Annual General Meeting”  c/o Euroclear Sweden AB  P.O. Box 191  SE-101 23 Stockholm  orby telephone: +46 (0)8 402 91 33 (Monday-Friday  9 am-4 pm CET).The shareholder’s name and personal identity number/corporate identity number must be provided when registering. In addition  the shareholders are kindly requested to provide contact details and number of shares held when registering. The company must be provided with information regarding assistants  if any  at the time of registration.In addition to attending the AGM in person or by proxy  the shareholders will also be given the opportunity to exercise their voting rights through advance voting (see below under the heading advance voting (postal voting)).Nominee RegistrationShareholders who have their shares registered with an authorised nominee must  to have the right to participate in the AGM  temporarily re-register their shares in their own names. Shareholders who wish such re-registration  so-called registration of voting rights  must request it from its authorised nominee. Voting rights registrations made by the nominee no later than Tuesday  6 December 2022  will be considered when presenting the share register. This implies that the shareholders must inform the nominees of such re-registration in good time prior to this date. Such re-registration may be temporary.Story continuesAdvance voting (postal voting)Shareholders can  through verification with BankID  cast their postal vote electronically via Euroclear Sweden AB's website: https://anmalan.vpc.se/euroclearproxy. Shareholders can also cast their postal vote by e-mail or post by submitting a specific advance voting form. The form  instructions and contact information for advance voting are available on the company's website: www.skistar.com/en/corporate and can also be obtained by contacting the company/Euroclear Sweden AB at contact information as above. The advance voting form is valid as a notification to attend the meeting. The completed voting form must be received by Euroclear Sweden AB no later than on 6 December 2022. The advance voting form  with any attached authorisation document  are to be submitted by e-mail to GeneralMeetingService@euroclear.com  or by mail to SkiStar AB  ""Annual General Meeting""  c/o Euroclear Sweden AB  Box 191  101 23 Stockholm. If the shareholder is a legal entity  a verified copy of the certificate of registration or an equivalent authority document for the legal entity shall be attached to the advance voting form. The same applies if the shareholder votes in advance by proxy.For the items on the agenda where the board or the nomination committee have submitted proposals  it is possible to vote Yes or No  which is clearly stated in the advance voting form. A shareholder can also abstain from voting on any item. The shareholder may not provide special instructions or conditions in the voting form. If so  the advance vote is invalid in its entirety. Further instructions and conditions are included in the advance voting form.Note that shareholders wishing to participate in the AGM through advance voting shall  just as with personal participation  be entered in the share register as per Friday  2 December  2022 (and shares registered with an authorised nominee must be re-registered in the shareholder’s own name).Proxy and Proxy formShareholders who do not intend to be present in person at the AGM may – in addition to the above alternative of advanced voting – be represented by a proxy with a written  dated and duly signed power of attorney for the proxy. Such power of attorney is considered to apply for a period of one year after being issued  or longer if clearly stated on the document  up to a maximum of five years. The power of attorney should be sent to the company at the above address in good time prior to the AGM. If the power of attorney has been issued by a legal entity  a certified copy of the legal entity’s certificate of registration or equivalent should be attached. The company provides the shareholders with a proxy form  if requested. The proxy form can be found at the company’s webpage and can be ordered from the company (see contact details above under the heading Right to participate and registration).Processing of personal dataPersonal data obtained from the share register kept by Euroclear Sweden AB  notices of attendance at the AGM and information on proxies will be used for registration  preparation of the voting list for the AGM and  where appropriate  the minutes of the AGM. For information on how your personal data is processed  please refer to the privacy policy available on Euroclear Sweden AB's website: https://www.euroclear.com/dam/ESwithLegal/Privacy-notice-bolagsstammor-engelska.pdf.Proposed agendaOpening of the meeting Election of Chairman of the Meeting Preparation and approval of the voting list Approval of proposed agenda Election of two persons to verify the minutes Confirmation that the meeting has been duly convened Presentation by the CEO Presentation of the submitted annual report and auditor’s report  as well as the consolidated financial statements and auditor’s report for the consolidated accounts Resolution regarding adoption of the income statement and balance sheet  and the consolidated income statement and consolidated balance sheet Resolution regarding the appropriation of the company’s profit according to the adopted balance sheet Resolution regarding the discharge from liability for the members of the Board of Directors and the CEO with regard to the financial year 2021/22 Resolution regarding the number of members and deputy members of the Board of Directors to be elected by the AGM Resolution regarding the fees for the members of the Board of Directors Election of members of the Board of Directors Election of Chairman of the Board of Directors Resolution regarding the number of auditors and deputy auditors  if any Resolution regarding the fees for the auditor Election of auditor Resolution regarding approval of the Board of Directors’ remuneration report for 2021/22 Resolution regarding the guidelines for remuneration to senior executives Resolution regarding authorization for the Board of Directors to resolve on new share issues Resolution on authorization providing the Board of Directors with the right to pass resolutions regarding acquisitions and sales of the company’s own shares Resolution on shareholder proposal from Conny Granqvist that SkiStar should introduce free season tickets for all guests who are over 80 years old Closing of the AGMProposed resolutionsThe Nomination Committee’s proposalsThe nomination committee of SkiStar AB (publ) consists of Per Gullstrand  appointed by Mats and Fredrik Paulsson including family and company  Anders Moberg  appointed by ACapital SS Holding AB  Niklas Johansson  appointed by Handelsbanken Fonder and Lennart Mauritzson  appointed by Erik Paulsson including family and company. The nomination committee has appointed Per Gullstrand as its chairman. The nomination committee proposes the following.2. Election of Chairman of the MeetingThe nomination committee proposes the AGM to elect the chairman of the board of directors  Anders Sundström  chairman of the AGM.12. Resolution regarding the number of members and deputy members of the Board of Directors to be elected by the AGMThe nomination committee proposes that the number of members of the board of directors shall be seven  without deputies  for the period until the end of the next AGM.13. Resolution regarding the fees for the members of the Board of DirectorsThe nomination committee proposes that total fees for the board of directors  including committee fees  shall amount to SEK 2 810 000 (2 410 000) in total. The fees shall be distributed as follows; SEK 650 000 (550 000) to the chairman of the board of directors and SEK 300 000 (250 000) to each of the other members of the board of directors that are not employed by the company. Fees to the members of the audit committee shall to amount to SEK 240 000 (240 000) in total  of which SEK 120 000 (120 000) to the chairman of the committee and SEK 60 000 (60 000) to each of the other two members of the audit committee. Fees to the members of the remuneration committee shall amount to SEK 120 000 (120 000) in total  of which SEK 60 000 (60 000) to the chairman of the committee and SEK 30 000 (30 000) to each of the other two members of the remuneration committee.14. Election of members of the Board of DirectorsThe nomination committee proposes Anders Sundström  Lena Apler  Sara Karlsson  Fredrik Paulsson  Gunilla Rudebjer  Anders Svensson and Vegard Søraunet to be re-elected members of the board of directors. All for the period until the end of the next AGM.Information about the persons proposed for re-election etc.Information about the persons proposed for re-election and the nomination committee's motivated statement is available on the company's website  www.skistar.com/en/corporate.15. Election of Chairman of the Board of DirectorsThe nomination committee proposes Anders Sundström be re-elected chairman of the board of directors  for the period until the end of the next AGM.16. Resolution regarding the number of auditors and deputy auditors  if anyThe nomination committee proposes  in accordance with the audit committee’s recommendation  that the company shall appoint one registered auditing firm as auditor  without deputies  for the period until the end of the next AGM.17. Resolution regarding the fees for the auditorThe nomination committee proposes  in accordance with the audit committee’s recommendation  that fees to the auditor shall be paid on an on-account basis.18. Election of auditorThe nomination committee proposes  in accordance with the audit committee’s recommendation  that the registered auditing firm Deloitte AB is re-elected as the company’s auditor for a period of one year. Deloitte has informed the nomination committee that  should the nomination committee’s proposal also be the decision of the AGM  the authorised public accountant  Kent Åkerlund  is to keep the position of auditor-in-charge. Neither the nomination committee's proposal nor the Audit Committee's recommendation has been subject to influence from third parties or has been forced by any contractual terms that restrict the freedom of choice in the auditor's election.The Board of Director’s proposals10. Resolution regarding the appropriation of the company’s profit according to the adopted balance sheetThe board of directors proposes that dividends of SEK 3.00 per share  totalling SEK 235 128 168  be distributed. The remaining disposable earnings of SEK 549 286 269 shall be balanced in a new account. The record date for the right to receive dividend shall be Tuesday  13 December 2022. If the AGM resolves in favour of the proposal  the planned date of payment of dividend via Euroclear Sweden is Friday  16 December 2022.19. Resolution regarding approval of the Board of Directors’ remuneration report for 2021/22The board of directors proposes that the AGM resolves to approve the board of directors’ report regarding remuneration to senior management relating to 2021/22 pursuant to Chapter 8  Section 53 a of the Swedish Companies Act.20. Resolution regarding the guidelines for remuneration to senior executivesThe Board of SkiStar AB (publ) recommends that the Annual General Meeting adopt the following guidelines for remuneration of senior executives. The guidelines apply until new guidelines are adopted by the general meeting and are valid for a maximum of four years.ScopeThe guidelines below include the Board of Directors (as applicable)  the CEO and other members of Group management  hereinafter referred to as senior executives. The guidelines are applicable to remuneration under new agreements and amendments to remuneration already agreed after adoption of the new guidelines by the AGM. The guidelines do not apply to remuneration decided on by the general meeting.The guidelines’ promotion of the Company’s business strategy  long-term interests and sustainabilitySkiStar’s vision is to create memorable mountain experiences. As a listed company  SkiStar aims to create value for the Company’s shareholders and promote long-term sustainability in all operations. For further information about SkiStar’s strategy  long-term interests  including financial and operational targets  and sustainability work  see www.skistar.com/en/corporate and the annual report  which will be available at the same web address no later than three weeks prior to the AGM.Successful implementation of the Company’s business strategy and safeguarding of its long-term interests  including sustainability  are contingent on the Company having qualified employees. SkiStar must therefore be able to offer competitive remuneration. The Company’s remuneration structure in accordance with these guidelines mustcontribute to a consensus between senior executives and shareholders in terms of the long-term perspective of the operations  including promotion of the Company’s business strategy  long-term interests and sustainability;ensure that senior executives receive remuneration that is on market conditions and competitive  enabling the Company to recruit  motivate and retain competent employees;require senior executives’ compliance with the Company’s code of conduct  policies and directives; andoffer a salary based on the Company’s financial targets and senior executives’ individual responsibility  competence  performance  duties  experience and position.Variable remuneration covered by these guidelines should aim to promote the Company’s business strategy and long-term interests  including sustainability.Remuneration and forms of remunerationThe total compensation for senior executives must be reviewed regularly  and at least annually  to ensure that it is market-based. To create well-balanced total compensation that strengthens both short and long-term performance management and target achievement  remuneration may include the following components: fixed cash salary  variable remuneration/bonuses including undertaking to acquire shares  pension benefits and other benefits.Fixed cash salarySenior executives are to be offered a fixed cash salary that is individualised and market-based in relation to responsibility  competence  performance and regional salary levels. The fixed salary is to be determined annually  to apply during the period September to August.Variable remuneration/bonus including undertaking to acquire sharesSenior executives may receive variable cash remuneration/bonuses  based on the current bonus programme for SkiStar’s senior executives as decided by the Board for each financial year. Bonuses must be related to measurable criteria defined by the Board  which may be financial or non-financial  qualitative or quantitative  and must be based on factors that support SkiStar’s business strategy and long-term interests  including its sustainability  by having a clear link to value creation  committed long-term ownership and SkiStar’s development. The criteria may  for example  relate to the Company’s performance on earnings per share  return on equity  operating margin and organic growth  measured for each financial year. If the Board considers that the business strategy and the Company’s long-term interests  including sustainability  would be better promoted if the criteria were supplemented or changed  these guidelines allow such changes to be made.The bonus to the CEO may amount to a maximum of 80 percent of 12 times the current monthly salary  which consequently is the bonus cap for the CEO. Bonuses to other senior executives may amount to a maximum of 60 percent of 12 times the current monthly salary  which consequently is the bonus cap for these executives.The level of fulfilment of the criteria for awarding variable cash remuneration is to be determined at the end of the measurement period. The Remuneration Committee is responsible for the CEO’s variable cash remuneration assessment. Where the assessment of target achievement is concerned  the CEO is responsible for the assessment in relation to other senior executives’ variable cash remuneration. Financial targets shall be based on the most recent financial report published by the Company.Should it be established that the criteria for payment of variable cash remuneration have not been met in whole or in part  the Board of Directors has the possibility to decide that variable remuneration is nevertheless to be paid to senior executives on an individual basis in extraordinary circumstances  up to an amount not exceeding half of the bonus cap  i.e. a maximum of 40 percent of 12 times the current monthly salary for the CEO  and a maximum of 30 percent of 12 times the current monthly salary for other senior executives. Such extraordinary arrangements are only to be applied either for the purpose of recruitment or retention  or as remuneration for extraordinary work in addition to the person’s regular duties. Decisions on such remuneration are to be taken by the Board of Directors  for both the CEO and other senior executives  on the proposal of the Remuneration Committee. Variable remuneration is paid in October of the year after it was earned.Under an agreement with the Company  senior executives who receive bonuses must undertake to acquire shares in the Company for long-term ownership (a period of at least three years)  investing at least 1/3 of their post-tax bonuses. The purchase price paid for any SkiStar shares acquired by a senior executive during a given vesting year may be included in the amount that the executive has committed to invest in SkiStar shares if a bonus is received for that vesting year. The purpose is to create involvement and engagement by offering senior executives the opportunity to become shareholders in a structured way. Through the criteria that determine the outcome as described above  incentives are created for senior executives to contribute to realisation of the Company’s business strategy and safeguarding of the Company’s long-term interests  including sustainability  and therefore long-term value creation.If a senior executive contravenes the above conditions by  for example  prematurely selling shares acquired under said conditions  the senior executive must  in accordance with the agreement with the Company  be required to repay the full amount (including income tax but not social security contributions) paid for the shares acquired.Pension benefitsSenior executives are entitled to pension arrangements under collective agreements and agreements with SkiStar AB. All pension obligations are defined-contribution plans. For the CEO  the Company pays pension contributions corresponding to 30 percent of the pensionable salary. For other senior executives  pension payments are made according to the standard ITP plan. Salary waivers may be used for increased pension provisions through one-time pension premium payments under salary and bonus sacrifice arrangements. The retirement age for senior executives who are Swedish citizens is 65. For others  it is as specified in their own country’s pension rules.Car benefitsSenior executives may be offered car benefits.Other benefitsSenior executives may be entitled to other benefits such as health insurance as well as the benefits available to other SkiStar employees. The total value of these benefits may not exceed five percent of a senior executive’s fixed cash salary.In addition  the CEO may be entitled to private travel between home and work (including air travel)  an official residence in Stockholm including cleaning allowance for the residence  tax return assistance and supplementary health insurance in addition to collectively agreed health insurance. The total value of these benefits may not exceed ten percent of the CEO’s fixed cash salary.OtherEmployment conditions for senior executives who are subject to rules other than Swedish rules on pension and other benefits may be duly adjusted to ensure compliance with mandatory rules or established local practice  taking into account the overall purpose of these guidelines as far as possible.Period of notice and termination benefitsThe maximum period of notice is initially 12 months for termination of employment initiated by SkiStar and six months for termination by the senior executive. Termination benefits shall only be paid when termination of employment is initiated by the Company. Termination benefits shall only to be paid up to the date on which the individual in question obtains other employment. Termination benefits are calculated on the fixed cash salary and are not pensionable. Total fixed salary during the period of notice and any termination benefits must not exceed an amount corresponding to the fixed salary for 24 months.Decision-making process to determine  review and implement the guidelinesThe Board’s Remuneration Committee is responsible for annually reviewing the need to revise the guidelines prior to the Board’s proposal to the AGM (if applicable) for adoption. The Board shall prepare a proposal for new guidelines at least every fourth year and present it to the AGM for resolution. The guidelines shall be valid until new guidelines are adopted by the general meeting. The Remuneration Committee shall also monitor and evaluate programmes for variable remuneration for senior executives  the application of guidelines for remuneration of senior executives and applicable remuneration structures and remuneration levels in the Company. The Board makes decisions on the salary and other terms of employment for the CEO on the basis of proposals from the Remuneration Committee. The CEO makes decisions on the salary and other terms of employment for other senior executives and consults with the Remuneration Committee on these matters. Decisions on possible variable remuneration in extraordinary circumstances are  however  made by the Board for the CEO as well as for other senior executives on the basis of proposals from the Remuneration Committee. The CEO and other senior executives are not present when the Board and the Remuneration Committee consider and make decisions on remuneration-related matters in so far as they are affected by these matters.Derogation from the guidelinesThe Board may  following a proposal from the Remuneration Committee  decide to make a temporary derogation from the guidelines  in whole or in part  if there are particular reasons to do so in an individual case and such derogation is necessary in order to serve the Company’s long-term interests  including sustainability  or to ensure the Company’s financial viability. As stated above  the Remuneration Committee’s tasks include preparation of the Board’s decisions in remuneration-related matters. This includes decisions to derogate from the guidelines. Such derogations are to be reported and explained in the subsequent remuneration report.Salary and terms of employment for other employeesIn preparing the Board’s proposal for these remuneration guidelines  the salaries and terms of employment for the Company’s employees have been taken into account by including information about the employees’ total remuneration  the components of the remuneration and the remuneration increase and rate of increase over time in the Board’s decision support material for evaluating the reasonableness of the guidelines and limitations set out herein. The remuneration report on paid and outstanding remuneration covered by the guidelines will include a report on the trend regarding the gap between Company management’s remuneration and other employees’ remuneration.Changes from previous guidelinesThe Board’s proposal for guidelines for remuneration of senior executives prior to the 2022 AGM is largely consistent with the guidelines adopted at the 2021 AGM. In the review prior to the 2022 AGM  changes have been made regarding the extended benefit for the CEO  as regards the official residence in Stockholm including cleaning allowance for the residence  clarification of the extended possibility for the Board to decide upon variable remuneration in extraordinary circumstances  and an increased bonus cap for variable remuneration to the CEO  from 60 percent of 12 times the current monthly salary to 80 percent of 12 times the current monthly salary. Furthermore  the possibility has been introduced for senior executives  if a bonus is received  to include the purchase price of SkiStar shares acquired during the vesting year of the current bonus payment in the amount that the executive has committed to invest in SkiStar shares.More informationOn the date of submission of these proposed remuneration guidelines for senior executives  SkiStar did not have any remuneration commitments not due for payment other than ongoing commitments to senior executives in accordance with the remuneration principles adopted at the 2021 AGM. For more information on remuneration at SkiStar  see the remuneration report and the annual report  which are available at www.skistar.com/sv/corporate no later than three weeks prior to the Annual General Meeting.21. Resolution regarding authorization for the Board of Directors to resolve on new share issuesThe board of directors proposes that the AGM authorises the board of directors to resolve upon new issues of shares in accordance with the following.The board of directors is proposed to be authorized to  on one or several occasions during the period until the next AGM  to resolve on new issues of Class B shares. A new share issue may be made with or without deviation from the shareholders’ preferential right. The authorisation shall include the right to resolve on a new share issue with cash payment  payment by contribution in kind or payment by set-off and otherwise subject to conditions as set out in Chapter 2  Section 5  Paragraph 2  1-3 and 5 of the Swedish Companies Act. Decision pursuant to the authorisation may not result in a new issuance of shares exceeding ten (10) percent of all shares in the company at the time of the AGM's decision on the authorisation. An issue of new shares based on this authorisation must not result in the company’s share capital exceeding the company’s maximum allowed share capital as set out in the articles of association. Shares shall  in case of deviation from the shareholders’ preferential right to subscription  be issued on market terms. The board shall be entitled to determine other terms for the share issue.The purpose of the authorisation  and the reason for deviation from the shareholders’ preferential right if any  is to give the board increased options to  completely or partially  finance any future investments/acquisitions by issuing new shares as payment in connection with agreements on acquisitions alternatively to raise capital for such investments/acquisitions. The board  or anyone appointed by the board  shall be authorised to make such minor adjustments of the resolution of the AGM that may be necessary in connection with registration with the Swedish Companies Registration Office and has the right to otherwise take the measures required to enforce the decision.22. Resolution on authorisation providing the Board of Directors with the right to pass resolutions regarding acquisitions and sales of the company’s own sharesThe board of directors proposes that the AGM authorises the board of directors to resolve on the acquisition and sales of the company’s own shares according to essentially the following.The board of directors’ proposal entails that the board be authorised  until the next AGM of shareholders  to pass resolutions on one or more occasions regarding the acquisition of Class B shares in the company; however  the company’s holding may not  at any time  exceed ten percent of the total number of shares in the company. The acquisition of shares shall take place in a regulated market or by an acquisition offer made to all shareholders that hold Class B shares. Acquisition of shares in a regulated market may only take place at a price that is  at any given point in time  within the registered share price interval – that is  the interval between the highest bid price and the lowest selling price. An offer of acquisition made to all shareholders may take place at a price equivalent to the lowest market value at the time of the offer  with a maximum deviation of plus 20 percent.Furthermore  the proposal by the board of directors entails that the board of directors be entitled to pass resolutions  on one or more occasions until the next AGM  regarding the sale of the company’s own shares in a regulated market or in conjunction with the acquisition of companies or operations. The authorisation includes the right to pass resolutions on deviation from the preferential rights of shareholders and resolutions that establish forms of payment other than cash funds  on the basis of in-kind payment  offsetting or on the basis of other conditions. The authorisation may be utilised for the maximum number of shares stipulated in the authorisation to acquire the company’s shares. Transfers in a regulated market may only take place at a price that is  at any given point in time  within the registered share price interval. Transfers in connection with acquisitions shall take place at a price which  in all essential manners  corresponds to the market value for the company’s share at the time of entering into the acquisition agreement.These authorisations aim to provide the board of directors with increased scope in working with the company’s capital structure and  if deemed appropriate  to facilitate acquisitions. The reason for the deviation from pre-emption rights  with regard to transfers made in conjunction with the acquisition of companies and businesses  is to create alternative forms of payment for such acquisitions. The board  or anyone appointed by the board  shall be authorised to make such minor adjustments of the resolution that may prove necessary in connection with the implementation of the board’s resolution on repurchase and transfer of own shares.Shareholder’s proposal23. Resolution on shareholder proposal from Conny Granqvist that SkiStar shall introduce free season tickets for all guests who are over 80 years oldThe board recommends that the AGM rejects the shareholder proposal under item 23.Other informationDocuments prior to the Annual General Meeting etc.Accounting documents  auditor’s reports and the complete proposals and statements of the board of directors and the nomination committee pursuant to the Swedish Companies Act and the Swedish Corporate Governance Code will be made available to shareholders at least three weeks prior to the AGM  at the company’s address: SkiStar AB  Sälfjällsgården  780 91 Sälen  Sweden  and on the company’s webpage: www.skistar.com/en/corporate. Copies of these documents will also be sent  free of cost  by post or e-mail to the shareholders upon request  and upon receipt of a postal or e-mail address and will be available at the AGM.Certain majority requirementsFor valid resolutions in accordance with item 21 and 22 on authorisations for the board of directors  the proposals shall be supported by shareholders representing at least two thirds of both the votes cast and the shares represented at the meeting.Shareholders’ right to request informationShareholders present at the AGM retain the right to request information regarding matters on the agenda or the company’s financial position according to Chapter 7  Section 32 of the Swedish Companies Act (2005:551).Number of shares and votesThe number of registered shares in the company as per the date of issuance of this notice is a total of 78 376 056  of which 3 648 000 are Class A shares and 74 728 056 are Class B shares. The total number of votes is 111 208 056. The company holds no own shares._____________________Sälen in November 2022The Board of Directors of SkiStar AB (publ)This information was submitted for publication  through the agency of the contact persons set out below  at 3 November 2022  10.30 a.m. CET.Further information can be reached from:Stefan Sjöstrand  CEO  tel +46 (0)280 841 60.Anders Örnulf  CFO  tel +46 (0)280 841 60.SkiStar in briefSkiStar AB (publ) is listed on the Mid Cap list of the Nasdaq Stockholm exchange. The Group owns and operates mountain resorts in Sälen  Vemdalen  Åre and Stockholm (Hammarbybacken) in Sweden and in Hemsedal and Trysil in Norway. Operations are divided into three segments: Operation of Mountain Resorts  Property Development & Exploitation and Operation of Hotels. As the leading holiday tour operator for Scandinavia  SkiStar’s business concept is to create memorable mountain experiences  develop sustainable destinations  offer accommodation  activities  products and services of the highest quality with our guests in focus. For further information  please visit www.skistar.com/en/corporate.Attachment",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.4,0.33,0.27,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'SkiStar AB', 'Notice', 'SkiStar AB Annual General Meeting', 'specific advance voting form', 'Euroclear Sweden AB', 'P.O. Box', 'Voting rights registrations', 'personal identity number', 'corporate identity number', 'equivalent authority document', 'advance vote', 'postal voting', 'advanced voting', 'personal data', 'Sälen', 'share register', 'contact details', 'Such re-registration', 'postal vote', 'authorisation document', 'legal entity', 'verified copy', 'nomination committee', 'one year', 'five years', 'certified copy', 'Proxy form', 'authorised nominee', 'personal participation', 'good time', 'contact information', 'special instructions', 'Further instructions', 'Such power', 'Nominee Registration', 'AGM', 'Saturday', 'December', 'Experium', 'Lindvallen', 'place', 'Shareholders', 'Friday', 'intention', 'Tuesday', 'company', 'webpage', 'mail', 'GeneralMeetingService', 'reference', 'writing', 'Stockholm', 'telephone', 'name', 'addition', 'shares', 'assistants', 'opportunity', 'heading', 'nominees', 'date', 'Story', 'verification', 'BankID', 'website', 'vpc', 'notification', 'certificate', 'items', 'agenda', 'board', 'proposals', 'conditions', 'entirety', 'alternative', 'attorney', 'period', 'maximum', 'address', 'Processing', '2', '1.30', '101', '9']",2022-11-03,2022-11-03,uk.finance.yahoo.com
12547,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,Broadridge Automates Corporate Actions Managed Through Euroclear CRESThttps://t.co/Quc20rstor#corporateactions… https://t.co/26XOibyJQ5,nan,Broadridge Automates Corporate Actions Managed Through Euroclear CRESThttps://t.co/Quc20rstor#corporateactions… https://t.co/26XOibyJQ5,neutral,0.12,0.86,0.02,neutral,0.12,0.86,0.02,True,English,"['Corporate Actions', 'Euroclear CREST', 'Broadridge', 'Quc20rstor', 'corporateactions', 'Corporate Actions', 'Euroclear CREST', 'Broadridge', 'Quc20rstor', 'corporateactions']",2022-11-03,2022-11-03,Unknown
12548,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,Broadridge Automates Corporate Actions Managed Through Euroclear CRESThttps://t.co/Ks2QdXuDBd#corporateactions… https://t.co/QPiCNr5VOs,nan,Broadridge Automates Corporate Actions Managed Through Euroclear CRESThttps://t.co/Ks2QdXuDBd#corporateactions… https://t.co/QPiCNr5VOs,neutral,0.13,0.86,0.01,neutral,0.13,0.86,0.01,True,English,"['Corporate Actions', 'Euroclear CREST', 'Broadridge', 'Ks2QdXuDBd', 'QPiCNr5VOs', 'Corporate Actions', 'Euroclear CREST', 'Broadridge', 'Ks2QdXuDBd', 'QPiCNr5VOs']",2022-11-03,2022-11-03,Unknown
12549,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,🍑🍳🥚🍤🍖🍗🍊🍇🍓🍬🍫🍿🍩🍪🍒🍈🥑🍳🥚🍤🍒🍊🍯🍞🥐🥖🥞🍯🍞Today’s main developments: Euroclear stops accepting payments in roubles; Russian fore… https://t.co/O4gQjrv0ED,nan,🍑🍳🥚🍤🍖🍗🍊🍇🍓🍬🍫🍿🍩🍪🍒🍈🥑🍳🥚🍤🍒🍊🍯🍞🥐🥖🥞🍯🍞Today’s main developments: Euroclear stops accepting payments in roubles; Russian fore… https://t.co/O4gQjrv0ED,neutral,0.1,0.89,0.02,neutral,0.1,0.89,0.02,True,English,"['main developments', 'Russian fore', 'Today', 'Euroclear', 'payments', 'main developments', 'Russian fore', 'Today', 'Euroclear', 'payments']",2022-11-03,2022-11-03,Unknown
12550,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,🍑🍳🥚🍤🍖🍗🍊🍇🍓🍬🍫🍿🍩🍪🍒🍈🥑🍳🥚🍤🍒🍊🍯🍞🥐🥖🥞🍯🍞Today’s main developments: Euroclear stops accepting payments in roubles; Russian fore… https://t.co/mMwLEj5RBs,nan,🍑🍳🥚🍤🍖🍗🍊🍇🍓🍬🍫🍿🍩🍪🍒🍈🥑🍳🥚🍤🍒🍊🍯🍞🥐🥖🥞🍯🍞Today’s main developments: Euroclear stops accepting payments in roubles; Russian fore… https://t.co/mMwLEj5RBs,neutral,0.12,0.87,0.01,neutral,0.12,0.87,0.01,True,English,"['main developments', 'Russian fore', 'Today', 'Euroclear', 'payments', 'main developments', 'Russian fore', 'Today', 'Euroclear', 'payments']",2022-11-02,2022-11-03,Unknown
12551,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,Income from the frozen assets of Russians provided a third of Euroclear's profit: by the end of September  €119.9 b… https://t.co/g7mF6L9Ado,nan,Income from the frozen assets of Russians provided a third of Euroclear's profit: by the end of September  €119.9 b… https://t.co/g7mF6L9Ado,neutral,0.16,0.83,0.01,neutral,0.16,0.83,0.01,True,English,"['frozen assets', 'Income', 'Russians', 'third', 'Euroclear', 'profit', 'end', 'September', 'frozen assets', 'Income', 'Russians', 'third', 'Euroclear', 'profit', 'end', 'September']",2022-11-02,2022-11-03,Unknown
12552,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,Today’s main developments: Euroclear stops accepting payments in roubles; Russian foreign minister says nuclear war… https://t.co/FKnYyolfD2,nan,Today’s main developments: Euroclear stops accepting payments in roubles; Russian foreign minister says nuclear war… https://t.co/FKnYyolfD2,negative,0.01,0.33,0.66,negative,0.01,0.33,0.66,True,English,"['Russian foreign minister', 'main developments', 'nuclear war', 'Euroclear', 'payments', 'FKnYyolfD2', 'Russian foreign minister', 'main developments', 'nuclear war', 'Euroclear', 'payments', 'FKnYyolfD2']",2022-11-02,2022-11-03,Unknown
12553,Clearstream,NewsApi.org,https://seekingalpha.com/news/3901650-clearstream-energy-services-gaap-eps-of-0_01-revenue-of-171_9m,ClearStream Energy Services GAAP EPS of $0.01  revenue of $171.9M (OTCMKTS:NWPIF),ClearStream Energy Services press release  (NWPIF): Q3  GAAP EPS of $0.01.Revenue of $171.9M (+58.3% Y/Y).Gross profit for the three months ended September 30  2022 was $20.6...,To ensure this doesn’t happen in the future  please enable Javascript and cookies in your browser.If you have an ad-blocker enabled you may be blocked from proceeding. Please disable your ad-blocker and refresh.,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.0,0.98,0.02,True,English,"['ClearStream Energy Services GAAP EPS', '0.01, revenue', 'NWPIF', 'future', 'Javascript', 'cookies', 'browser', 'ad-blocker', 'refresh']",2022-11-03,2022-11-03,seekingalpha.com
12554,Clearstream,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2022/11/03/2548398/0/en/ClearStream-Announces-Third-Quarter-2022-Financial-Results.html,ClearStream Announces Third Quarter 2022 Financial Results,Completes 10 Turnaround Projects and reports quarterly revenues of $172 million        CALGARY  Alberta  Nov.  03  2022  (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) --...,"Completes 10 Turnaround Projects and reports quarterly revenues of $172 millionCALGARY  Alberta  Nov. 03  2022 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- ClearStream Energy Services Inc. (“ClearStream” or the ""Company"") (TSX: CSM) today announced its results for the nine months ended September 30  2022. All amounts are in Canadian dollars and expressed in thousands of dollars unless otherwise noted.“EBITDAS” and “Adjusted EBITDAS” are not standard measures under IFRS. Please refer to the Advisory regarding Non-Standard Measures at the end of this press release for a description of these items and limitations of their use.“The high level of activity that we experienced in the second quarter continued in the third quarter as we reported revenues of $171.9 million  largely unchanged from the record set in the second quarter. Revenues for both the three and nine month periods ended September 30  2022 increased by 58% from the same periods in 2021 as the market recovery from the pandemic lows continued ” said Barry Card  Chief Executive Officer.“In the third quarter  we successfully completed an additional 10 turnaround projects to build and maintain the integrity of our customers’ infrastructure. When combined with the second quarter  we completed a total of 30 turnaround projects. We were able to recruit and grow our workforce to over 4 000 employees at the peak  to complete these projects. The commitment of our employees to safety allowed these projects to be delivered on time and with no incidents  representing best in class performance ” added Mr. Card.HIGHLIGHTSRevenues for the three months ended September 30  2022 were $171.9 million  representing an increase of $63.3 million or 58.2% from Q3 2021 and a decrease of $1.3 million or 0.8% from Q2 2022.Gross profit for the three months ended September 30  2022 was $20.6 million  representing an increase of $8.5 million or 70.1% from Q3 2021 and an increase of $4.9 million or 31.3% from Q2 2022.Gross profit margin for the three months ended September 30  2022 was 12.0%  as compared to 11.2% in Q3 2021 and 9.1% in Q2 2022.Adjusted EBITDAS for the three months ended September 30  2022 were $12.4 million  representing an increase of $6.4 million or 107.3% from Q3 2021 and an increase of $4.5 million or 56.6% from Q2 2022.Adjusted EBITDAS margin for the three months ended September 30  2022 was 7.2%  representing an increase of 1.7% from Q3 2021 and an increase of 2.6% from Q2 2022.Selling  general and administrative expenses for three months ended September 30  2022 were $10.0 million  representing an increase of $2.7 million or 36.5% from Q3 2021 and an increase of $0.2 million or 1.8% from Q2 2022. The increase is largely due to our business recovering and stabilizing in 2022  therefore  certain elements of cost reductions in previous years have been reversed in order to support the increased volume of work in 2022. In addition  2022 expenses are higher than 2021 due to ongoing investments being made to support the Company's enterprise systems and digital strategy to drive longer-term efficiencies and increase our cost competitiveness.Liquidity  including cash and available credit facilities  was $21.6 million at September 30  2022  as compared to $33.7 million at December 31  2021.New contract awards and renewals totaled approximately $350.0 million for the three months ended September 30  2022 and $12.0 million for the month of October 2022. Approximately 40% of the work is expected to be completed in the next 12 months.Maintenance and Construction ServicesRevenues for the three months ended September 30  2022 were $159.3 million  representing an increase of $60.0 million or 60.4% from Q3 2021 and a decrease of $0.9 million or 0.6% from Q2 2022. The increase relative to Q3 2021 was due to the completion of an additional 10 turnaround projects in the third quarter  which included two large projects. Gross profit margin for Q3 2022 was 11.2%  an increase of 2.7% from Q2 2022 and 2.0% from Q3 2021. We continue to focus on consolidating various scopes of work with existing or new customers by bundling our services in order to enable more efficient execution and lower costs for our customers on each work site.Wear Technology Overlay ServicesRevenues for the three months ended September 30  2022 were $14.0 million  representing an increase of $3.5 million or 33.6% from Q3 2021 and a decrease of $0.3 million or 2.2% from Q2 2022. Gross profit margin for Q3 2022 was 19.1%  an increase of 4.5% from Q2 2022 and a decrease of 9.0% from Q3 2021. The decrease relative to Q3 2021 was primarily due to the mix of business  job margins being lower for certain projects and an increase in material costs. With the continued rise in global energy demand and commodity prices  we are seeing our customers in the oil sands operating at full production levels  which has started to increase the demand for our AssetArmorTM products.Environmental ServicesWe continue to enhance our professional services capabilities to service our growing customer base in this market segment. Our customers continue to allocate expenditures for the closure  reclamation and remediation of oil and gas wells  pipelines and facilities in Western Canada as they increase their focus on ESG (environmental  social and governance) matters. We expect this trend to continue notwithstanding the expiry of the government-funded programs at the end of 2022.CorporateOn September 23  2022  Murray Desrosiers  Senior Vice President and General Counsel  was appointed Senior Vice President  Legal and Corporate Development. In this new role  Murray will be responsible for the coordination and delivery of legal services  insurance  corporate development and strategic planning.Also on September 23  2022  Angela Thompson  Vice President  Environmental and Project Services was appointed Vice President  Corporate Services. In this new role  Angela will be responsible for Business Development and Proposals  Marketing and Communications  and will continue to lead Project Services (Project Controls  Estimating  and Supply Chain Management) and Environmental Services.THIRD QUARTER 2022 FINANCIAL RESULTS($ millions  except per share amounts)Three months endedSeptember 30  Nine months endedSeptember 30  2022 2021 % Change 2022 2021 % Change Revenue Maintenance and Construction Services 159.3 99.4 60.4 % 419.0 260.6 60.8 % Wear Technology Overlay Services 14.0 10.4 33.6 % 40.6 28.8 40.9 % Eliminations(1) (1.4 ) (1.2 ) 20.7 % (4.7 ) (2.0 ) 134.6 % Total 171.9 108.6 58.2 % 454.9 287.4 58.3 % Gross Profit Maintenance and Construction Services 17.9 9.2 95.5 % 38.9 22.7 71.8 % Wear Technology Overlay Services 2.7 2.9 (9.3 )% 7.1 8.0 (10.4 )% Total 20.6 12.1 70.1 % 46.1 30.6 50.5 % Gross Profit Margin (% of revenue) Maintenance and Construction Services 11.3 % 9.2 % 2.0 % 9.3 % 8.7 % 0.6 % Wear Technology Overlay Services 19.1 % 28.2 % (9.0 )% 17.6 % 27.6 % (10.1 )% Total 12.0 % 11.2 % 0.8 % 10.1 % 10.6 % (0.5 )% Selling  general and administrative expenses 10.0 7.3 36.5 % 27.8 19.9 40.1 % % of revenue 5.8 % 6.7 % (0.9 )% 6.1 % 6.9 % — % Adjusted EBITDAS(2) Maintenance and Construction Services 17.8 9.1 95.2 % 38.6 22.8 69.4 % Wear Technology Overlay Services 2.6 2.9 (9.4 )% 6.9 7.7 (10.7 )% Corporate (8.0 ) (6.0 ) 33.6 % (22.2 ) (17.8 ) (24.3 )% Total 12.4 6.0 107.3 % 23.3 12.7 84.1 % % of revenue 7.2 % 5.5 % 1.7 % 5.1 % 4.4 % 0.7 % Income (loss) from continuing operations 1.2 (2.2 ) (152.7 )% (7.6 ) (9.3 ) (18.5 )% Net income (loss) per share (dollars) from continuing operations (basic and diluted) 0.01 (0.02 ) (152.7 )% (0.07 ) (0.08 ) — %(1) The eliminations includes eliminations of inter-segment transactions. ClearStream accounts for inter-segment sales based on transaction price.(2) ""Adjusted EBITDAS” is not a standard measure under IFRS. Please refer to the Advisory regarding Non-Standard Measures at the end of this press release for a description of this measure and limitations of its use.Revenues for the three and nine months ended September 30  2022 were $171 883 and $454 927 compared to $108 647 and $287 447 for the same periods in 2021  representing an increase of 58.2% and 58.3%. The increase in revenue was driven by the strong market momentum in 2022  representing an increase in activity across all areas of the business with the largest increase occurring in the Maintenance and Construction Services segment.Gross profit for the three and nine months ended September 30  2022 was $20 617 and $46 059 compared to $12 124 and $30 610 for the same periods of 2021  representing an increase of 70.1% and 50.5%  respectively. Gross profit margin for the three and nine months ended September 30  2022 was 12.0% and 10.1% compared to 11.2% and 10.6% for the same periods in 2021. The increase in gross profit and gross profit margin was primarily driven by an increase in the volume of work in the Maintenance and Construction Services segment combined with the recovery of the increased costs realized in the business  which have been built into contracts collaboratively with our customers.Selling  general and administrative (“SG&A”) expenses for the three and nine months ended September 30  2022 were $9 970 and $27 821  in comparison to $7 302 and $19 856 for the same periods in 2021  representing an increase of 36.5% and 40.1%  respectively. As a percentage of revenue  SG&A expenses for the three and nine months ended September 30  2022 were 5.8% and 6.1% compared to 6.7% and 6.9% for the same periods in 2021. Consistent with the last three quarters of 2021  the increase in SG&A expenses is partially due to the ongoing investments being made to support the Company's enterprise systems and digital strategy. These investments  which will extend throughout 2022  are expected to drive longer-term efficiencies and increase our cost competitiveness. In addition  certain elements of cost reductions in previous years have been reversed in order to support the increased volume of work in 2022.For the three and nine months ended September 30  2022  Adjusted EBITDAS was $12 381 and $23 296 compared to $5 973 and $12 653 for the same periods in 2021. As a percentage of revenue  Adjusted EBITDAS was 7.2% and 5.1% for the three and nine months ended September 30  2022 compared to 5.5% and 4.4% for the same periods in 2021.Income from government subsidies includes the Canada Emergency Wage Subsidy (""CEWS"") and the Canada Emergency Rent Subsidy (""CERS"") received from the Government of Canada to assist with the payment of employee wages and rent as a result of the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic. The CEWS and CERS programs ended in 2021. Therefore  the Company did not have any income from government subsidies during the three and nine months ended September 30  2022  compared to $143 and $11 313 for the three and nine months ended September 30  2021.Income from continuing operations for the three months ended September 30  2022 was $1 174 and loss from continuing operations for the nine months ended September 30  2022 was $7 582 in comparison to losses of $2 227 and $9 300 for the same periods in 2021. The income variance was driven by a significant improvement in gross profit for the Maintenance and Construction Services segment and the impairment of right-of-use assets recognized in 2021  partially offset by the reduction in government subsidies in 2022  an increase in SG&A expenses and an increase in restructuring expenses.LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCESOn October 5  2022  ClearStream amended its asset-based revolving credit facility (the “ABL Facility”) with a Canadian charted bank to increase the maximum borrowings available thereunder to $50 million. The amount available under the ABL Facility will vary from time to time based on the borrowing base determined with reference to the accounts receivable of ClearStream and certain of its subsidiaries. The maturity date of the ABL Facility is April 14  2025. The expanded ABL Facility will provide additional working capital needed to finance the higher level of activity experienced in 2022.The Company anticipates that its liquidity (cash on hand and available credit facilities) and cash flow from operations will be sufficient to meet its short-term contractual obligations and maintain compliance with its financial covenants through September 30  2023.As at September 30  2022  issued and outstanding share capital included 110 001 239 common shares  127 732 Series 1 preferred shares  and 40 111 Series 2 preferred shares.The Series 1 preferred shares (having an aggregate value of $127.732 million) are convertible at the option of the holder into common shares at a price of $0.35/share and the Series 2 preferred shares (having an aggregate value of $40.111 million) are convertible into common shares at a price of $0.10/share.The Series 1 and Series 2 preferred shares have a 10% fixed cumulative preferential cash dividend payable when the Company has sufficient monies to be able to do so  including under the provisions of applicable law and contracts affecting the Company. The Board of Directors of the Company does not intend to declare or pay any cash dividends until such times as the Company's balance sheet and liquidity position supports the payment. As at September 30  2022  the accrued and unpaid dividends on the Series 1 and Series 2 shares totaled $72.4 million. Any accrued and unpaid dividends are convertible in certain circumstances at the option of the holder into additional Series 1 and Series 2 preferred shares.OUTLOOKThe return of global energy demand and the reality of a multi-year period of upstream oil and natural gas underinvestment has resulted in a shortage of oil and natural gas and higher commodity prices  providing a promising outlook for the services industry. The war in Ukraine and sanctions on Russian hydrocarbons have exacerbated the challenged supply situation and many importing countries are looking for alternative sources of supply  including North America  to fill the gap. At current commodity price levels  we anticipate continued high demand for our services as customers seek to maintain or incrementally grow production levels. However  broad economic concerns exist with respect to inflation  rising interest rates and geopolitical instability  the combination of which may lead to a global recession. These concerns may negatively impact the spending plans of our customers.Despite some recent weakness  the pricing for commodities in the end markets we serve continues to be strong. While our customers have been prioritizing debt repayment and returns to shareholders  they are starting to increase spending on both maintenance projects (to enhance operational reliability) and capital projects (to maintain or expand production capacity). We expect activity levels to remain strong for the remainder of 2022.ClearStream's business model continues to prove its resilience as we are working closely with our customers to help them effectively manage their operations. Our organic growth strategy involves cross-selling our suite of more than 40 services that encompass the full asset lifecycle to generate efficiencies and cost reductions for our customers and further expanding our reach into industrial markets. We are also continually working to improve our service delivery to anticipate our customer’s requirements and proactively meet their needs.Additional InformationOur unaudited condensed consolidated interim financial statements for the three and nine months ended September 30  2022 and the related Management's Discussion and Analysis of the operating and financial results can be accessed on our website at www.clearstreamenergy.ca and will be available shortly through SEDAR at www.sedar.com.About ClearStream Energy Services Inc.With a legacy of excellence and experience stretching back more than 50 years  ClearStream provides solutions for the Energy and Industrial markets including: Oil & Gas  Petrochemical  Mining  Power  Agriculture  Forestry  Infrastructure and Water Treatment. With offices strategically located across Canada and a dedicated workforce  we provide maintenance  construction  wear technology and environmental services that keep our clients moving forward. For more information about ClearStream  please visit www.clearstreamenergy.ca or contact:Randy Watt Barry Card Chief Financial Officer Chief Executive Officer ClearStream Energy Services Inc. ClearStream Energy Services Inc. (587) 318-0997 (587) 318-0997 rwatt@clearstreamenergy.ca bcard@clearstreamenergy.caAdvisory regarding Forward-Looking InformationCertain information included in this Press Release may constitute “forward-looking information” within the meaning of Canadian securities laws. In some cases  forward-looking information can be identified by terminology such as “may”  “will”  “should”  “expect”  “plan”  “anticipate”  “believe”  “estimate”  “predict”  “potential”  “continue” or the negative of these terms or other similar expressions concerning matters that are not historical facts. This press release contains forward-looking information relating to: our business plans  strategies and objectives; contract renewals and project awards  including the estimated value thereof and the timing of completing the associated work; that the demand for our AssetArmorTM products will increase as customers increase production levels; that customers will continue to allocate expenditures for the closure  reclamation and remediation of oil and gas wells  pipelines and facilities in Western Canada; that the investments being made to support our enterprise systems and digital strategy will drive longer-term efficiencies and increase our cost competitiveness; the sufficiency of our liquidity and cash flow from operations to meet our short-term contractual obligations and maintain compliance with our financial covenants through September 30  2023; our dividend policy; the supply/demand fundamentals for oil and natural gas and its impact on the demand for our services; the pricing outlook for commodities in the end markets we serve; that broad economic concerns may negatively impact the spending plans of our customers; that our customers will increase spending on both maintenance and capital projects; and activity levels for the remainder of 2022.Forward-looking information involves significant risks and uncertainties. A number of factors could cause actual events or results to differ materially from the events and results discussed in the forward-looking information including  but not limited to  the success of our response to the COVID-19 global pandemic  compliance with debt covenants  access to credit facilities and other sources of capital for working capital requirements and capital expenditure needs  availability of labour  dependence on key personnel  economic conditions  commodity prices  interest rates  regulatory change  weather and risks related to the integration of acquired businesses. These factors should not be considered exhaustive. Risks and uncertainties about ClearStream’s business are more fully discussed in ClearStream’s disclosure materials  including its annual information form and management’s discussion and analysis of the operating and financial results  filed with the securities regulatory authorities in Canada and available at www.sedar.com. In formulating the forward-looking information  management has assumed that business and economic conditions affecting ClearStream will continue substantially in the ordinary course  including  without limitation  with respect to general levels of economic activity  regulations  taxes and interest rates. Although the forward-looking information is based on what management of ClearStream consider to be reasonable assumptions based on information currently available to it  there can be no assurance that actual events or results will be consistent with this forward-looking information  and management’s assumptions may prove to be incorrect.This forward-looking information is made as of the date of this press release  and ClearStream does not assume any obligation to update or revise it to reflect new events or circumstances except as required by law. Undue reliance should not be placed on forward-looking information. Forward-looking information is provided for the purpose of providing information about management's current expectations and plans relating to the future. Readers are cautioned that such information may not be appropriate for other purposes.Advisory regarding Non-Standard MeasuresThe terms ‘‘EBITDAS’’ and “Adjusted EBITDAS” (collectively  the ‘‘Non-standard measures’’) are financial measures used in this press release that are not standard measures under IFRS. ClearStream’s method of calculating the Non-Standard Measures may differ from the methods used by other issuers. Therefore  ClearStream’s Non-Standard Measures  as presented may not be comparable to similar measures presented by other issuers.EBITDAS refers to net earnings determined in accordance with IFRS  before depreciation and amortization  interest expense  income tax expense (recovery) and long-term incentive plan expenses. EBITDAS is used by management and the directors of ClearStream as well as many investors to determine the ability of an issuer to generate cash from operations. Management also uses EBITDAS to monitor the performance of ClearStream’s reportable segments and believes that in addition to net income or loss and cash provided by operating activities  EBITDAS is a useful supplemental measure from which to determine ClearStream’s ability to generate cash available for debt service  working capital  capital expenditures and income taxes. ClearStream has provided a reconciliation of income (loss) from continuing operations to EBITDAS in its management's discussion and analysis of the operating and financial results for the three and nine months ended September 30  2022.Adjusted EBITDAS refers to EBITDAS excluding impairment of goodwill and intangible assets  restructuring expense  gain (loss) on sale of property  plant and equipment  loss of contingent consideration liability  one time incurred expenses  impairment of right-of-use assets and government subsidies. ClearStream has used Adjusted EBITDAS as the basis for the analysis of its past operating financial performance. Adjusted EBITDAS is a measure that management believes (i) is a useful supplemental measure from which to determine ClearStream’s ability to generate cash available for debt service  working capital  capital expenditures  and income taxes  and (ii) facilitates the comparability of the results of historical periods and the analysis of its operating financial performance which may be useful to investors. ClearStream has provided a reconciliation of income (loss) from continuing operations to Adjusted EBITDAS in its management's discussion and analysis of the operating and financial results for the three and nine months ended September 30  2022.Investors are cautioned that the Non-Standard Measures are not alternatives to measures under IFRS and should not  on their own  be construed as an indicator of performance or cash flows  a measure of liquidity or as a measure of actual return on the shares. These Non-Standard Measures should only be used with reference to ClearStream’s consolidated interim and annual financial statements available on SEDAR at www.sedar.com or on ClearStream’s website at www.clearstreamenergy.ca.",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.32,0.3,0.37,True,English,"['Third Quarter 2022 Financial Results', 'ClearStream', 'Wear Technology Overlay Services', 'ClearStream Energy Services Inc', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'available credit facilities', 'full production levels', 'growing customer base', 'professional services capabilities', 'New contract awards', 'global energy demand', 'Gross profit margin', 'two large projects', 'additional 10 turnaround projects', 'nine month periods', 'Construction Services', 'Environmental Services', 'nine months', 'same periods', '30 turnaround projects', 'EBITDAS margin', 'GLOBE NEWSWIRE', 'standard measures', 'press release', 'high level', 'second quarter', 'third quarter', 'market recovery', 'pandemic lows', 'Barry Card', 'class performance', 'Mr. Card.', 'cost reductions', 'previous years', 'increased volume', 'ongoing investments', 'enterprise systems', 'digital strategy', 'longer-term efficiencies', 'cost competitiveness', 'next 12 months', 'various scopes', 'efficient execution', 'lower costs', 'job margins', 'material costs', 'continued rise', 'commodity prices', 'oil sands', 'AssetArmorTM products', 'market segment', 'three months', 'new customers', 'Canadian dollars', 'Adjusted EBITDAS', 'administrative expenses', 'customers’ infrastructure', 'work site', 'quarterly revenues', '2022 expenses', 'CALGARY', 'Alberta', 'Company', 'CSM', 'results', 'amounts', 'thousands', 'IFRS', 'Advisory', 'end', 'description', 'items', 'limitations', 'use', 'activity', 'record', 'integrity', 'total', 'workforce', '4,000 employees', 'peak', 'commitment', 'safety', 'time', 'incidents', 'HIGHLIGHTS', 'Q3', 'decrease', 'Q2', 'Selling', 'general', 'business', 'elements', 'order', 'Liquidity', 'cash', 'September', 'December', 'renewals', 'October', 'Maintenance', 'completion', 'existing', 'mix', '11.', '4.5', '9.']",2022-11-03,2022-11-03,globenewswire.com
12555,Clearstream,Bing API,https://ca.style.yahoo.com/clearstream-announces-third-quarter-2022-210000541.html,ClearStream Announces Third Quarter 2022 Financial Results,"Completes 10 Turnaround Projects and reports quarterly revenues of $172 million CALGARY  Alberta  Nov. 03  2022 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) --  (“ClearStream” or the ""Company"") (TSX: CSM) today announced its results for the nine months ended September 30 ","ClearStream Energy Services Inc.Completes 10 Turnaround Projects and reports quarterly revenues of $172 millionCALGARY  Alberta  Nov. 03  2022 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- ClearStream Energy Services Inc. (“ClearStream” or the ""Company"") (TSX: CSM) today announced its results for the nine months ended September 30  2022. All amounts are in Canadian dollars and expressed in thousands of dollars unless otherwise noted.“EBITDAS” and “Adjusted EBITDAS” are not standard measures under IFRS. Please refer to the Advisory regarding Non-Standard Measures at the end of this press release for a description of these items and limitations of their use.“The high level of activity that we experienced in the second quarter continued in the third quarter as we reported revenues of $171.9 million  largely unchanged from the record set in the second quarter. Revenues for both the three and nine month periods ended September 30  2022 increased by 58% from the same periods in 2021 as the market recovery from the pandemic lows continued ” said Barry Card  Chief Executive Officer.“In the third quarter  we successfully completed an additional 10 turnaround projects to build and maintain the integrity of our customers’ infrastructure. When combined with the second quarter  we completed a total of 30 turnaround projects. We were able to recruit and grow our workforce to over 4 000 employees at the peak  to complete these projects. The commitment of our employees to safety allowed these projects to be delivered on time and with no incidents  representing best in class performance ” added Mr. Card.HIGHLIGHTSRevenues for the three months ended September 30  2022 were $171.9 million  representing an increase of $63.3 million or 58.2% from Q3 2021 and a decrease of $1.3 million or 0.8% from Q2 2022.Gross profit for the three months ended September 30  2022 was $20.6 million  representing an increase of $8.5 million or 70.1% from Q3 2021 and an increase of $4.9 million or 31.3% from Q2 2022.Gross profit margin for the three months ended September 30  2022 was 12.0%  as compared to 11.2% in Q3 2021 and 9.1% in Q2 2022.Adjusted EBITDAS for the three months ended September 30  2022 were $12.4 million  representing an increase of $6.4 million or 107.3% from Q3 2021 and an increase of $4.5 million or 56.6% from Q2 2022.Adjusted EBITDAS margin for the three months ended September 30  2022 was 7.2%  representing an increase of 1.7% from Q3 2021 and an increase of 2.6% from Q2 2022.Selling  general and administrative expenses for three months ended September 30  2022 were $10.0 million  representing an increase of $2.7 million or 36.5% from Q3 2021 and an increase of $0.2 million or 1.8% from Q2 2022. The increase is largely due to our business recovering and stabilizing in 2022  therefore  certain elements of cost reductions in previous years have been reversed in order to support the increased volume of work in 2022. In addition  2022 expenses are higher than 2021 due to ongoing investments being made to support the Company's enterprise systems and digital strategy to drive longer-term efficiencies and increase our cost competitiveness.Liquidity  including cash and available credit facilities  was $21.6 million at September 30  2022  as compared to $33.7 million at December 31  2021.New contract awards and renewals totaled approximately $350.0 million for the three months ended September 30  2022 and $12.0 million for the month of October 2022. Approximately 40% of the work is expected to be completed in the next 12 months.Story continuesMaintenance and Construction ServicesRevenues for the three months ended September 30  2022 were $159.3 million  representing an increase of $60.0 million or 60.4% from Q3 2021 and a decrease of $0.9 million or 0.6% from Q2 2022. The increase relative to Q3 2021 was due to the completion of an additional 10 turnaround projects in the third quarter  which included two large projects. Gross profit margin for Q3 2022 was 11.2%  an increase of 2.7% from Q2 2022 and 2.0% from Q3 2021. We continue to focus on consolidating various scopes of work with existing or new customers by bundling our services in order to enable more efficient execution and lower costs for our customers on each work site.Wear Technology Overlay ServicesRevenues for the three months ended September 30  2022 were $14.0 million  representing an increase of $3.5 million or 33.6% from Q3 2021 and a decrease of $0.3 million or 2.2% from Q2 2022. Gross profit margin for Q3 2022 was 19.1%  an increase of 4.5% from Q2 2022 and a decrease of 9.0% from Q3 2021. The decrease relative to Q3 2021 was primarily due to the mix of business  job margins being lower for certain projects and an increase in material costs. With the continued rise in global energy demand and commodity prices  we are seeing our customers in the oil sands operating at full production levels  which has started to increase the demand for our AssetArmorTM products.Environmental ServicesWe continue to enhance our professional services capabilities to service our growing customer base in this market segment. Our customers continue to allocate expenditures for the closure  reclamation and remediation of oil and gas wells  pipelines and facilities in Western Canada as they increase their focus on ESG (environmental  social and governance) matters. We expect this trend to continue notwithstanding the expiry of the government-funded programs at the end of 2022.CorporateOn September 23  2022  Murray Desrosiers  Senior Vice President and General Counsel  was appointed Senior Vice President  Legal and Corporate Development. In this new role  Murray will be responsible for the coordination and delivery of legal services  insurance  corporate development and strategic planning.Also on September 23  2022  Angela Thompson  Vice President  Environmental and Project Services was appointed Vice President  Corporate Services. In this new role  Angela will be responsible for Business Development and Proposals  Marketing and Communications  and will continue to lead Project Services (Project Controls  Estimating  and Supply Chain Management) and Environmental Services.THIRD QUARTER 2022 FINANCIAL RESULTS($ millions  except per share amounts)Three months endedSeptember 30  Nine months endedSeptember 30  2022 2021 % Change 2022 2021 % Change Revenue Maintenance and Construction Services 159.3 99.4 60.4 % 419.0 260.6 60.8 % Wear Technology Overlay Services 14.0 10.4 33.6 % 40.6 28.8 40.9 % Eliminations(1) (1.4 ) (1.2 ) 20.7 % (4.7 ) (2.0 ) 134.6 % Total 171.9 108.6 58.2 % 454.9 287.4 58.3 % Gross Profit Maintenance and Construction Services 17.9 9.2 95.5 % 38.9 22.7 71.8 % Wear Technology Overlay Services 2.7 2.9 (9.3 )% 7.1 8.0 (10.4 )% Total 20.6 12.1 70.1 % 46.1 30.6 50.5 % Gross Profit Margin (% of revenue) Maintenance and Construction Services 11.3 % 9.2 % 2.0 % 9.3 % 8.7 % 0.6 % Wear Technology Overlay Services 19.1 % 28.2 % (9.0 )% 17.6 % 27.6 % (10.1 )% Total 12.0 % 11.2 % 0.8 % 10.1 % 10.6 % (0.5 )% Selling  general and administrative expenses 10.0 7.3 36.5 % 27.8 19.9 40.1 % % of revenue 5.8 % 6.7 % (0.9 )% 6.1 % 6.9 % — % Adjusted EBITDAS(2) Maintenance and Construction Services 17.8 9.1 95.2 % 38.6 22.8 69.4 % Wear Technology Overlay Services 2.6 2.9 (9.4 )% 6.9 7.7 (10.7 )% Corporate (8.0 ) (6.0 ) 33.6 % (22.2 ) (17.8 ) (24.3 )% Total 12.4 6.0 107.3 % 23.3 12.7 84.1 % % of revenue 7.2 % 5.5 % 1.7 % 5.1 % 4.4 % 0.7 % Income (loss) from continuing operations 1.2 (2.2 ) (152.7 )% (7.6 ) (9.3 ) (18.5 )% Net income (loss) per share (dollars) from continuing operations (basic and diluted) 0.01 (0.02 ) (152.7 )% (0.07 ) (0.08 ) — %(1) The eliminations includes eliminations of inter-segment transactions. ClearStream accounts for inter-segment sales based on transaction price.(2) ""Adjusted EBITDAS” is not a standard measure under IFRS. Please refer to the Advisory regarding Non-Standard Measures at the end of this press release for a description of this measure and limitations of its use.Revenues for the three and nine months ended September 30  2022 were $171 883 and $454 927 compared to $108 647 and $287 447 for the same periods in 2021  representing an increase of 58.2% and 58.3%. The increase in revenue was driven by the strong market momentum in 2022  representing an increase in activity across all areas of the business with the largest increase occurring in the Maintenance and Construction Services segment.Gross profit for the three and nine months ended September 30  2022 was $20 617 and $46 059 compared to $12 124 and $30 610 for the same periods of 2021  representing an increase of 70.1% and 50.5%  respectively. Gross profit margin for the three and nine months ended September 30  2022 was 12.0% and 10.1% compared to 11.2% and 10.6% for the same periods in 2021. The increase in gross profit and gross profit margin was primarily driven by an increase in the volume of work in the Maintenance and Construction Services segment combined with the recovery of the increased costs realized in the business  which have been built into contracts collaboratively with our customers.Selling  general and administrative (“SG&A”) expenses for the three and nine months ended September 30  2022 were $9 970 and $27 821  in comparison to $7 302 and $19 856 for the same periods in 2021  representing an increase of 36.5% and 40.1%  respectively. As a percentage of revenue  SG&A expenses for the three and nine months ended September 30  2022 were 5.8% and 6.1% compared to 6.7% and 6.9% for the same periods in 2021. Consistent with the last three quarters of 2021  the increase in SG&A expenses is partially due to the ongoing investments being made to support the Company's enterprise systems and digital strategy. These investments  which will extend throughout 2022  are expected to drive longer-term efficiencies and increase our cost competitiveness. In addition  certain elements of cost reductions in previous years have been reversed in order to support the increased volume of work in 2022.For the three and nine months ended September 30  2022  Adjusted EBITDAS was $12 381 and $23 296 compared to $5 973 and $12 653 for the same periods in 2021. As a percentage of revenue  Adjusted EBITDAS was 7.2% and 5.1% for the three and nine months ended September 30  2022 compared to 5.5% and 4.4% for the same periods in 2021.Income from government subsidies includes the Canada Emergency Wage Subsidy (""CEWS"") and the Canada Emergency Rent Subsidy (""CERS"") received from the Government of Canada to assist with the payment of employee wages and rent as a result of the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic. The CEWS and CERS programs ended in 2021. Therefore  the Company did not have any income from government subsidies during the three and nine months ended September 30  2022  compared to $143 and $11 313 for the three and nine months ended September 30  2021.Income from continuing operations for the three months ended September 30  2022 was $1 174 and loss from continuing operations for the nine months ended September 30  2022 was $7 582 in comparison to losses of $2 227 and $9 300 for the same periods in 2021. The income variance was driven by a significant improvement in gross profit for the Maintenance and Construction Services segment and the impairment of right-of-use assets recognized in 2021  partially offset by the reduction in government subsidies in 2022  an increase in SG&A expenses and an increase in restructuring expenses.LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCESOn October 5  2022  ClearStream amended its asset-based revolving credit facility (the “ABL Facility”) with a Canadian charted bank to increase the maximum borrowings available thereunder to $50 million. The amount available under the ABL Facility will vary from time to time based on the borrowing base determined with reference to the accounts receivable of ClearStream and certain of its subsidiaries. The maturity date of the ABL Facility is April 14  2025. The expanded ABL Facility will provide additional working capital needed to finance the higher level of activity experienced in 2022.The Company anticipates that its liquidity (cash on hand and available credit facilities) and cash flow from operations will be sufficient to meet its short-term contractual obligations and maintain compliance with its financial covenants through September 30  2023.As at September 30  2022  issued and outstanding share capital included 110 001 239 common shares  127 732 Series 1 preferred shares  and 40 111 Series 2 preferred shares.The Series 1 preferred shares (having an aggregate value of $127.732 million) are convertible at the option of the holder into common shares at a price of $0.35/share and the Series 2 preferred shares (having an aggregate value of $40.111 million) are convertible into common shares at a price of $0.10/share.The Series 1 and Series 2 preferred shares have a 10% fixed cumulative preferential cash dividend payable when the Company has sufficient monies to be able to do so  including under the provisions of applicable law and contracts affecting the Company. The Board of Directors of the Company does not intend to declare or pay any cash dividends until such times as the Company's balance sheet and liquidity position supports the payment. As at September 30  2022  the accrued and unpaid dividends on the Series 1 and Series 2 shares totaled $72.4 million. Any accrued and unpaid dividends are convertible in certain circumstances at the option of the holder into additional Series 1 and Series 2 preferred shares.OUTLOOKThe return of global energy demand and the reality of a multi-year period of upstream oil and natural gas underinvestment has resulted in a shortage of oil and natural gas and higher commodity prices  providing a promising outlook for the services industry. The war in Ukraine and sanctions on Russian hydrocarbons have exacerbated the challenged supply situation and many importing countries are looking for alternative sources of supply  including North America  to fill the gap. At current commodity price levels  we anticipate continued high demand for our services as customers seek to maintain or incrementally grow production levels. However  broad economic concerns exist with respect to inflation  rising interest rates and geopolitical instability  the combination of which may lead to a global recession. These concerns may negatively impact the spending plans of our customers.Despite some recent weakness  the pricing for commodities in the end markets we serve continues to be strong. While our customers have been prioritizing debt repayment and returns to shareholders  they are starting to increase spending on both maintenance projects (to enhance operational reliability) and capital projects (to maintain or expand production capacity). We expect activity levels to remain strong for the remainder of 2022.ClearStream's business model continues to prove its resilience as we are working closely with our customers to help them effectively manage their operations. Our organic growth strategy involves cross-selling our suite of more than 40 services that encompass the full asset lifecycle to generate efficiencies and cost reductions for our customers and further expanding our reach into industrial markets. We are also continually working to improve our service delivery to anticipate our customer’s requirements and proactively meet their needs.Additional InformationOur unaudited condensed consolidated interim financial statements for the three and nine months ended September 30  2022 and the related Management's Discussion and Analysis of the operating and financial results can be accessed on our website at www.clearstreamenergy.ca and will be available shortly through SEDAR at www.sedar.com.About ClearStream Energy Services Inc.With a legacy of excellence and experience stretching back more than 50 years  ClearStream provides solutions for the Energy and Industrial markets including: Oil & Gas  Petrochemical  Mining  Power  Agriculture  Forestry  Infrastructure and Water Treatment. With offices strategically located across Canada and a dedicated workforce  we provide maintenance  construction  wear technology and environmental services that keep our clients moving forward. For more information about ClearStream  please visit www.clearstreamenergy.ca or contact:Randy Watt Barry Card Chief Financial Officer Chief Executive Officer ClearStream Energy Services Inc. ClearStream Energy Services Inc. (587) 318-0997 (587) 318-0997 rwatt@clearstreamenergy.ca bcard@clearstreamenergy.caAdvisory regarding Forward-Looking InformationCertain information included in this Press Release may constitute “forward-looking information” within the meaning of Canadian securities laws. In some cases  forward-looking information can be identified by terminology such as “may”  “will”  “should”  “expect”  “plan”  “anticipate”  “believe”  “estimate”  “predict”  “potential”  “continue” or the negative of these terms or other similar expressions concerning matters that are not historical facts. This press release contains forward-looking information relating to: our business plans  strategies and objectives; contract renewals and project awards  including the estimated value thereof and the timing of completing the associated work; that the demand for our AssetArmorTM products will increase as customers increase production levels; that customers will continue to allocate expenditures for the closure  reclamation and remediation of oil and gas wells  pipelines and facilities in Western Canada; that the investments being made to support our enterprise systems and digital strategy will drive longer-term efficiencies and increase our cost competitiveness; the sufficiency of our liquidity and cash flow from operations to meet our short-term contractual obligations and maintain compliance with our financial covenants through September 30  2023; our dividend policy; the supply/demand fundamentals for oil and natural gas and its impact on the demand for our services; the pricing outlook for commodities in the end markets we serve; that broad economic concerns may negatively impact the spending plans of our customers; that our customers will increase spending on both maintenance and capital projects; and activity levels for the remainder of 2022.Forward-looking information involves significant risks and uncertainties. A number of factors could cause actual events or results to differ materially from the events and results discussed in the forward-looking information including  but not limited to  the success of our response to the COVID-19 global pandemic  compliance with debt covenants  access to credit facilities and other sources of capital for working capital requirements and capital expenditure needs  availability of labour  dependence on key personnel  economic conditions  commodity prices  interest rates  regulatory change  weather and risks related to the integration of acquired businesses. These factors should not be considered exhaustive. Risks and uncertainties about ClearStream’s business are more fully discussed in ClearStream’s disclosure materials  including its annual information form and management’s discussion and analysis of the operating and financial results  filed with the securities regulatory authorities in Canada and available at www.sedar.com. In formulating the forward-looking information  management has assumed that business and economic conditions affecting ClearStream will continue substantially in the ordinary course  including  without limitation  with respect to general levels of economic activity  regulations  taxes and interest rates. Although the forward-looking information is based on what management of ClearStream consider to be reasonable assumptions based on information currently available to it  there can be no assurance that actual events or results will be consistent with this forward-looking information  and management’s assumptions may prove to be incorrect.This forward-looking information is made as of the date of this press release  and ClearStream does not assume any obligation to update or revise it to reflect new events or circumstances except as required by law. Undue reliance should not be placed on forward-looking information. Forward-looking information is provided for the purpose of providing information about management's current expectations and plans relating to the future. Readers are cautioned that such information may not be appropriate for other purposes.Advisory regarding Non-Standard MeasuresThe terms ‘‘EBITDAS’’ and “Adjusted EBITDAS” (collectively  the ‘‘Non-standard measures’’) are financial measures used in this press release that are not standard measures under IFRS. ClearStream’s method of calculating the Non-Standard Measures may differ from the methods used by other issuers. Therefore  ClearStream’s Non-Standard Measures  as presented may not be comparable to similar measures presented by other issuers.EBITDAS refers to net earnings determined in accordance with IFRS  before depreciation and amortization  interest expense  income tax expense (recovery) and long-term incentive plan expenses. EBITDAS is used by management and the directors of ClearStream as well as many investors to determine the ability of an issuer to generate cash from operations. Management also uses EBITDAS to monitor the performance of ClearStream’s reportable segments and believes that in addition to net income or loss and cash provided by operating activities  EBITDAS is a useful supplemental measure from which to determine ClearStream’s ability to generate cash available for debt service  working capital  capital expenditures and income taxes. ClearStream has provided a reconciliation of income (loss) from continuing operations to EBITDAS in its management's discussion and analysis of the operating and financial results for the three and nine months ended September 30  2022.Adjusted EBITDAS refers to EBITDAS excluding impairment of goodwill and intangible assets  restructuring expense  gain (loss) on sale of property  plant and equipment  loss of contingent consideration liability  one time incurred expenses  impairment of right-of-use assets and government subsidies. ClearStream has used Adjusted EBITDAS as the basis for the analysis of its past operating financial performance. Adjusted EBITDAS is a measure that management believes (i) is a useful supplemental measure from which to determine ClearStream’s ability to generate cash available for debt service  working capital  capital expenditures  and income taxes  and (ii) facilitates the comparability of the results of historical periods and the analysis of its operating financial performance which may be useful to investors. ClearStream has provided a reconciliation of income (loss) from continuing operations to Adjusted EBITDAS in its management's discussion and analysis of the operating and financial results for the three and nine months ended September 30  2022.Investors are cautioned that the Non-Standard Measures are not alternatives to measures under IFRS and should not  on their own  be construed as an indicator of performance or cash flows  a measure of liquidity or as a measure of actual return on the shares. These Non-Standard Measures should only be used with reference to ClearStream’s consolidated interim and annual financial statements available on SEDAR at www.sedar.com or on ClearStream’s website at www.clearstreamenergy.ca.",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,positive,0.99,0.0,0.0,True,English,"['Third Quarter 2022 Financial Results', 'ClearStream', 'Wear Technology Overlay Services', 'ClearStream Energy Services Inc.', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'available credit facilities', 'full production levels', 'professional services capabilities', 'global energy demand', 'New contract awards', 'Gross profit margin', 'two large projects', 'additional 10 turnaround projects', 'nine month periods', 'Construction Services', 'Environmental Services', 'nine months', 'same periods', '30 turnaround projects', 'EBITDAS margin', 'GLOBE NEWSWIRE', 'standard measures', 'press release', 'high level', 'second quarter', 'third quarter', 'pandemic lows', 'Barry Card', 'class performance', 'Mr. Card.', 'cost reductions', 'previous years', 'increased volume', 'ongoing investments', 'enterprise systems', 'digital strategy', 'longer-term efficiencies', 'cost competitiveness', 'next 12 months', 'various scopes', 'new customers', 'efficient execution', 'lower costs', 'job margins', 'material costs', 'continued rise', 'commodity prices', 'oil sands', 'AssetArmorTM products', 'three months', 'Canadian dollars', 'Adjusted EBITDAS', 'customers’ infrastructure', 'administrative expenses', 'work site', 'quarterly revenues', '2022 expenses', 'CALGARY', 'Alberta', 'Company', 'CSM', 'results', 'amounts', 'thousands', 'IFRS', 'Advisory', 'end', 'description', 'items', 'limitations', 'use', 'activity', 'record', 'market', 'recovery', 'integrity', 'total', 'workforce', '4,000 employees', 'peak', 'commitment', 'safety', 'time', 'incidents', 'HIGHLIGHTS', 'Q3', 'decrease', 'Q2', 'Selling', 'general', 'business', 'elements', 'order', 'Liquidity', 'cash', 'September', 'December', 'renewals', 'October', 'Story', 'Maintenance', 'completion', 'existing', 'mix', 'growing', '9.']",2022-11-03,2022-11-03,ca.style.yahoo.com
12556,Clearstream,Bing API,https://www.benzinga.com/pressreleases/22/11/g29558279/clearstream-announces-third-quarter-2022-financial-results,ClearStream Announces Third Quarter 2022 Financial Results,"Completes 10 Turnaround Projects and reports quarterly revenues of $172 million CALGARY  Alberta  Nov. 03  2022 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- ClearStream Energy Services Inc. (""ClearStream"" or the ""Company"")","Completes 10 Turnaround Projects and reports quarterly revenues of $172 millionCALGARY  Alberta  Nov. 03  2022 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- ClearStream Energy Services Inc. (""ClearStream"" or the ""Company"") CSM today announced its results for the nine months ended September 30  2022. All amounts are in Canadian dollars and expressed in thousands of dollars unless otherwise noted.""EBITDAS"" and ""Adjusted EBITDAS"" are not standard measures under IFRS. Please refer to the Advisory regarding Non-Standard Measures at the end of this press release for a description of these items and limitations of their use.""The high level of activity that we experienced in the second quarter continued in the third quarter as we reported revenues of $171.9 million  largely unchanged from the record set in the second quarter. Revenues for both the three and nine month periods ended September 30  2022 increased by 58% from the same periods in 2021 as the market recovery from the pandemic lows continued "" said Barry Card  Chief Executive Officer.""In the third quarter  we successfully completed an additional 10 turnaround projects to build and maintain the integrity of our customers' infrastructure. When combined with the second quarter  we completed a total of 30 turnaround projects. We were able to recruit and grow our workforce to over 4 000 employees at the peak  to complete these projects. The commitment of our employees to safety allowed these projects to be delivered on time and with no incidents  representing best in class performance "" added Mr. Card.HIGHLIGHTSRevenues for the three months ended September 30  2022 were $171.9 million  representing an increase of $63.3 million or 58.2% from Q3 2021 and a decrease of $1.3 million or 0.8% from Q2 2022.Gross profit for the three months ended September 30  2022 was $20.6 million  representing an increase of $8.5 million or 70.1% from Q3 2021 and an increase of $4.9 million or 31.3% from Q2 2022.Gross profit margin for the three months ended September 30  2022 was 12.0%  as compared to 11.2% in Q3 2021 and 9.1% in Q2 2022.Adjusted EBITDAS for the three months ended September 30  2022 were $12.4 million  representing an increase of $6.4 million or 107.3% from Q3 2021 and an increase of $4.5 million or 56.6% from Q2 2022.Adjusted EBITDAS margin for the three months ended September 30  2022 was 7.2%  representing an increase of 1.7% from Q3 2021 and an increase of 2.6% from Q2 2022.Selling  general and administrative expenses for three months ended September 30  2022 were $10.0 million  representing an increase of $2.7 million or 36.5% from Q3 2021 and an increase of $0.2 million or 1.8% from Q2 2022. The increase is largely due to our business recovering and stabilizing in 2022  therefore  certain elements of cost reductions in previous years have been reversed in order to support the increased volume of work in 2022. In addition  2022 expenses are higher than 2021 due to ongoing investments being made to support the Company's enterprise systems and digital strategy to drive longer-term efficiencies and increase our cost competitiveness.Liquidity  including cash and available credit facilities  was $21.6 million at September 30  2022  as compared to $33.7 million at December 31  2021.New contract awards and renewals totaled approximately $350.0 million for the three months ended September 30  2022 and $12.0 million for the month of October 2022. Approximately 40% of the work is expected to be completed in the next 12 months.Maintenance and Construction ServicesRevenues for the three months ended September 30  2022 were $159.3 million  representing an increase of $60.0 million or 60.4% from Q3 2021 and a decrease of $0.9 million or 0.6% from Q2 2022. The increase relative to Q3 2021 was due to the completion of an additional 10 turnaround projects in the third quarter  which included two large projects. Gross profit margin for Q3 2022 was 11.2%  an increase of 2.7% from Q2 2022 and 2.0% from Q3 2021. We continue to focus on consolidating various scopes of work with existing or new customers by bundling our services in order to enable more efficient execution and lower costs for our customers on each work site.Wear Technology Overlay ServicesRevenues for the three months ended September 30  2022 were $14.0 million  representing an increase of $3.5 million or 33.6% from Q3 2021 and a decrease of $0.3 million or 2.2% from Q2 2022. Gross profit margin for Q3 2022 was 19.1%  an increase of 4.5% from Q2 2022 and a decrease of 9.0% from Q3 2021. The decrease relative to Q3 2021 was primarily due to the mix of business  job margins being lower for certain projects and an increase in material costs. With the continued rise in global energy demand and commodity prices  we are seeing our customers in the oil sands operating at full production levels  which has started to increase the demand for our AssetArmorTM products.Environmental ServicesWe continue to enhance our professional services capabilities to service our growing customer base in this market segment. Our customers continue to allocate expenditures for the closure  reclamation and remediation of oil and gas wells  pipelines and facilities in Western Canada as they increase their focus on ESG (environmental  social and governance) matters. We expect this trend to continue notwithstanding the expiry of the government-funded programs at the end of 2022.CorporateOn September 23  2022  Murray Desrosiers  Senior Vice President and General Counsel  was appointed Senior Vice President  Legal and Corporate Development. In this new role  Murray will be responsible for the coordination and delivery of legal services  insurance  corporate development and strategic planning.Also on September 23  2022  Angela Thompson  Vice President  Environmental and Project Services was appointed Vice President  Corporate Services. In this new role  Angela will be responsible for Business Development and Proposals  Marketing and Communications  and will continue to lead Project Services (Project Controls  Estimating  and Supply Chain Management) and Environmental Services.THIRD QUARTER 2022 FINANCIAL RESULTS($ millions  except per share amounts)Three months endedSeptember 30  Nine months endedSeptember 30  2022 2021 % Change 2022 2021 % Change Revenue Maintenance and Construction Services 159.3 99.4 60.4 % 419.0 260.6 60.8 % Wear Technology Overlay Services 14.0 10.4 33.6 % 40.6 28.8 40.9 % Eliminations(1) (1.4 ) (1.2 ) 20.7 % (4.7 ) (2.0 ) 134.6 % Total 171.9 108.6 58.2 % 454.9 287.4 58.3 % Gross Profit Maintenance and Construction Services 17.9 9.2 95.5 % 38.9 22.7 71.8 % Wear Technology Overlay Services 2.7 2.9 (9.3 )% 7.1 8.0 (10.4 )% Total 20.6 12.1 70.1 % 46.1 30.6 50.5 % Gross Profit Margin (% of revenue) Maintenance and Construction Services 11.3 % 9.2 % 2.0 % 9.3 % 8.7 % 0.6 % Wear Technology Overlay Services 19.1 % 28.2 % (9.0 )% 17.6 % 27.6 % (10.1 )% Total 12.0 % 11.2 % 0.8 % 10.1 % 10.6 % (0.5 )% Selling  general and administrative expenses 10.0 7.3 36.5 % 27.8 19.9 40.1 % % of revenue 5.8 % 6.7 % (0.9 )% 6.1 % 6.9 % — % Adjusted EBITDAS(2) Maintenance and Construction Services 17.8 9.1 95.2 % 38.6 22.8 69.4 % Wear Technology Overlay Services 2.6 2.9 (9.4 )% 6.9 7.7 (10.7 )% Corporate (8.0 ) (6.0 ) 33.6 % (22.2 ) (17.8 ) (24.3 )% Total 12.4 6.0 107.3 % 23.3 12.7 84.1 % % of revenue 7.2 % 5.5 % 1.7 % 5.1 % 4.4 % 0.7 % Income (loss) from continuing operations 1.2 (2.2 ) (152.7 )% (7.6 ) (9.3 ) (18.5 )% Net income (loss) per share (dollars) from continuing operations (basic and diluted) 0.01 (0.02 ) (152.7 )% (0.07 ) (0.08 ) — %(1) The eliminations includes eliminations of inter-segment transactions. ClearStream accounts for inter-segment sales based on transaction price.(2) ""Adjusted EBITDAS"" is not a standard measure under IFRS. Please refer to the Advisory regarding Non-Standard Measures at the end of this press release for a description of this measure and limitations of its use.Revenues for the three and nine months ended September 30  2022 were $171 883 and $454 927 compared to $108 647 and $287 447 for the same periods in 2021  representing an increase of 58.2% and 58.3%. The increase in revenue was driven by the strong market momentum in 2022  representing an increase in activity across all areas of the business with the largest increase occurring in the Maintenance and Construction Services segment.Gross profit for the three and nine months ended September 30  2022 was $20 617 and $46 059 compared to $12 124 and $30 610 for the same periods of 2021  representing an increase of 70.1% and 50.5%  respectively. Gross profit margin for the three and nine months ended September 30  2022 was 12.0% and 10.1% compared to 11.2% and 10.6% for the same periods in 2021. The increase in gross profit and gross profit margin was primarily driven by an increase in the volume of work in the Maintenance and Construction Services segment combined with the recovery of the increased costs realized in the business  which have been built into contracts collaboratively with our customers.Selling  general and administrative (""SG&A"") expenses for the three and nine months ended September 30  2022 were $9 970 and $27 821  in comparison to $7 302 and $19 856 for the same periods in 2021  representing an increase of 36.5% and 40.1%  respectively. As a percentage of revenue  SG&A expenses for the three and nine months ended September 30  2022 were 5.8% and 6.1% compared to 6.7% and 6.9% for the same periods in 2021. Consistent with the last three quarters of 2021  the increase in SG&A expenses is partially due to the ongoing investments being made to support the Company's enterprise systems and digital strategy. These investments  which will extend throughout 2022  are expected to drive longer-term efficiencies and increase our cost competitiveness. In addition  certain elements of cost reductions in previous years have been reversed in order to support the increased volume of work in 2022.For the three and nine months ended September 30  2022  Adjusted EBITDAS was $12 381 and $23 296 compared to $5 973 and $12 653 for the same periods in 2021. As a percentage of revenue  Adjusted EBITDAS was 7.2% and 5.1% for the three and nine months ended September 30  2022 compared to 5.5% and 4.4% for the same periods in 2021.Income from government subsidies includes the Canada Emergency Wage Subsidy (""CEWS"") and the Canada Emergency Rent Subsidy (""CERS"") received from the Government of Canada to assist with the payment of employee wages and rent as a result of the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic. The CEWS and CERS programs ended in 2021. Therefore  the Company did not have any income from government subsidies during the three and nine months ended September 30  2022  compared to $143 and $11 313 for the three and nine months ended September 30  2021.Income from continuing operations for the three months ended September 30  2022 was $1 174 and loss from continuing operations for the nine months ended September 30  2022 was $7 582 in comparison to losses of $2 227 and $9 300 for the same periods in 2021. The income variance was driven by a significant improvement in gross profit for the Maintenance and Construction Services segment and the impairment of right-of-use assets recognized in 2021  partially offset by the reduction in government subsidies in 2022  an increase in SG&A expenses and an increase in restructuring expenses.LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCESOn October 5  2022  ClearStream amended its asset-based revolving credit facility (the ""ABL Facility"") with a Canadian charted bank to increase the maximum borrowings available thereunder to $50 million. The amount available under the ABL Facility will vary from time to time based on the borrowing base determined with reference to the accounts receivable of ClearStream and certain of its subsidiaries. The maturity date of the ABL Facility is April 14  2025. The expanded ABL Facility will provide additional working capital needed to finance the higher level of activity experienced in 2022.The Company anticipates that its liquidity (cash on hand and available credit facilities) and cash flow from operations will be sufficient to meet its short-term contractual obligations and maintain compliance with its financial covenants through September 30  2023.As at September 30  2022  issued and outstanding share capital included 110 001 239 common shares  127 732 Series 1 preferred shares  and 40 111 Series 2 preferred shares.The Series 1 preferred shares (having an aggregate value of $127.732 million) are convertible at the option of the holder into common shares at a price of $0.35/share and the Series 2 preferred shares (having an aggregate value of $40.111 million) are convertible into common shares at a price of $0.10/share.The Series 1 and Series 2 preferred shares have a 10% fixed cumulative preferential cash dividend payable when the Company has sufficient monies to be able to do so  including under the provisions of applicable law and contracts affecting the Company. The Board of Directors of the Company does not intend to declare or pay any cash dividends until such times as the Company's balance sheet and liquidity position supports the payment. As at September 30  2022  the accrued and unpaid dividends on the Series 1 and Series 2 shares totaled $72.4 million. Any accrued and unpaid dividends are convertible in certain circumstances at the option of the holder into additional Series 1 and Series 2 preferred shares.OUTLOOKThe return of global energy demand and the reality of a multi-year period of upstream oil and natural gas underinvestment has resulted in a shortage of oil and natural gas and higher commodity prices  providing a promising outlook for the services industry. The war in Ukraine and sanctions on Russian hydrocarbons have exacerbated the challenged supply situation and many importing countries are looking for alternative sources of supply  including North America  to fill the gap. At current commodity price levels  we anticipate continued high demand for our services as customers seek to maintain or incrementally grow production levels. However  broad economic concerns exist with respect to inflation  rising interest rates and geopolitical instability  the combination of which may lead to a global recession. These concerns may negatively impact the spending plans of our customers.Despite some recent weakness  the pricing for commodities in the end markets we serve continues to be strong. While our customers have been prioritizing debt repayment and returns to shareholders  they are starting to increase spending on both maintenance projects (to enhance operational reliability) and capital projects (to maintain or expand production capacity). We expect activity levels to remain strong for the remainder of 2022.ClearStream's business model continues to prove its resilience as we are working closely with our customers to help them effectively manage their operations. Our organic growth strategy involves cross-selling our suite of more than 40 services that encompass the full asset lifecycle to generate efficiencies and cost reductions for our customers and further expanding our reach into industrial markets. We are also continually working to improve our service delivery to anticipate our customer's requirements and proactively meet their needs.Additional InformationOur unaudited condensed consolidated interim financial statements for the three and nine months ended September 30  2022 and the related Management's Discussion and Analysis of the operating and financial results can be accessed on our website at www.clearstreamenergy.ca and will be available shortly through SEDAR at www.sedar.com.About ClearStream Energy Services Inc.With a legacy of excellence and experience stretching back more than 50 years  ClearStream provides solutions for the Energy and Industrial markets including: Oil & Gas  Petrochemical  Mining  Power  Agriculture  Forestry  Infrastructure and Water Treatment. With offices strategically located across Canada and a dedicated workforce  we provide maintenance  construction  wear technology and environmental services that keep our clients moving forward. For more information about ClearStream  please visit www.clearstreamenergy.ca or contact:Randy Watt Barry Card Chief Financial Officer Chief Executive Officer ClearStream Energy Services Inc. ClearStream Energy Services Inc. (587) 318-0997 (587) 318-0997 rwatt@clearstreamenergy.ca bcard@clearstreamenergy.caAdvisory regarding Forward-Looking InformationCertain information included in this Press Release may constitute ""forward-looking information"" within the meaning of Canadian securities laws. In some cases  forward-looking information can be identified by terminology such as ""may""  ""will""  ""should""  ""expect""  ""plan""  ""anticipate""  ""believe""  ""estimate""  ""predict""  ""potential""  ""continue"" or the negative of these terms or other similar expressions concerning matters that are not historical facts. This press release contains forward-looking information relating to: our business plans  strategies and objectives; contract renewals and project awards  including the estimated value thereof and the timing of completing the associated work; that the demand for our AssetArmorTM products will increase as customers increase production levels; that customers will continue to allocate expenditures for the closure  reclamation and remediation of oil and gas wells  pipelines and facilities in Western Canada; that the investments being made to support our enterprise systems and digital strategy will drive longer-term efficiencies and increase our cost competitiveness; the sufficiency of our liquidity and cash flow from operations to meet our short-term contractual obligations and maintain compliance with our financial covenants through September 30  2023; our dividend policy; the supply/demand fundamentals for oil and natural gas and its impact on the demand for our services; the pricing outlook for commodities in the end markets we serve; that broad economic concerns may negatively impact the spending plans of our customers; that our customers will increase spending on both maintenance and capital projects; and activity levels for the remainder of 2022.Forward-looking information involves significant risks and uncertainties. A number of factors could cause actual events or results to differ materially from the events and results discussed in the forward-looking information including  but not limited to  the success of our response to the COVID-19 global pandemic  compliance with debt covenants  access to credit facilities and other sources of capital for working capital requirements and capital expenditure needs  availability of labour  dependence on key personnel  economic conditions  commodity prices  interest rates  regulatory change  weather and risks related to the integration of acquired businesses. These factors should not be considered exhaustive. Risks and uncertainties about ClearStream's business are more fully discussed in ClearStream's disclosure materials  including its annual information form and management's discussion and analysis of the operating and financial results  filed with the securities regulatory authorities in Canada and available at www.sedar.com. In formulating the forward-looking information  management has assumed that business and economic conditions affecting ClearStream will continue substantially in the ordinary course  including  without limitation  with respect to general levels of economic activity  regulations  taxes and interest rates. Although the forward-looking information is based on what management of ClearStream consider to be reasonable assumptions based on information currently available to it  there can be no assurance that actual events or results will be consistent with this forward-looking information  and management's assumptions may prove to be incorrect.This forward-looking information is made as of the date of this press release  and ClearStream does not assume any obligation to update or revise it to reflect new events or circumstances except as required by law. Undue reliance should not be placed on forward-looking information. Forward-looking information is provided for the purpose of providing information about management's current expectations and plans relating to the future. Readers are cautioned that such information may not be appropriate for other purposes.Advisory regarding Non-Standard MeasuresThe terms ‘‘EBITDAS'' and ""Adjusted EBITDAS"" (collectively  the ‘‘Non-standard measures'') are financial measures used in this press release that are not standard measures under IFRS. ClearStream's method of calculating the Non-Standard Measures may differ from the methods used by other issuers. Therefore  ClearStream's Non-Standard Measures  as presented may not be comparable to similar measures presented by other issuers.EBITDAS refers to net earnings determined in accordance with IFRS  before depreciation and amortization  interest expense  income tax expense (recovery) and long-term incentive plan expenses. EBITDAS is used by management and the directors of ClearStream as well as many investors to determine the ability of an issuer to generate cash from operations. Management also uses EBITDAS to monitor the performance of ClearStream's reportable segments and believes that in addition to net income or loss and cash provided by operating activities  EBITDAS is a useful supplemental measure from which to determine ClearStream's ability to generate cash available for debt service  working capital  capital expenditures and income taxes. ClearStream has provided a reconciliation of income (loss) from continuing operations to EBITDAS in its management's discussion and analysis of the operating and financial results for the three and nine months ended September 30  2022.Adjusted EBITDAS refers to EBITDAS excluding impairment of goodwill and intangible assets  restructuring expense  gain (loss) on sale of property  plant and equipment  loss of contingent consideration liability  one time incurred expenses  impairment of right-of-use assets and government subsidies. ClearStream has used Adjusted EBITDAS as the basis for the analysis of its past operating financial performance. Adjusted EBITDAS is a measure that management believes (i) is a useful supplemental measure from which to determine ClearStream's ability to generate cash available for debt service  working capital  capital expenditures  and income taxes  and (ii) facilitates the comparability of the results of historical periods and the analysis of its operating financial performance which may be useful to investors. ClearStream has provided a reconciliation of income (loss) from continuing operations to Adjusted EBITDAS in its management's discussion and analysis of the operating and financial results for the three and nine months ended September 30  2022.Investors are cautioned that the Non-Standard Measures are not alternatives to measures under IFRS and should not  on their own  be construed as an indicator of performance or cash flows  a measure of liquidity or as a measure of actual return on the shares. These Non-Standard Measures should only be used with reference to ClearStream's consolidated interim and annual financial statements available on SEDAR at www.sedar.com or on ClearStream's website at www.clearstreamenergy.ca.",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.49,0.2,0.3,True,English,"['Third Quarter 2022 Financial Results', 'ClearStream', 'Wear Technology Overlay Services', 'ClearStream Energy Services Inc', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'available credit facilities', 'full production levels', 'growing customer base', 'professional services capabilities', 'New contract awards', 'global energy demand', 'Gross profit margin', 'two large projects', 'additional 10 turnaround projects', 'nine month periods', 'Construction Services', 'Environmental Services', 'nine months', 'same periods', '30 turnaround projects', 'EBITDAS margin', 'GLOBE NEWSWIRE', 'standard measures', 'press release', 'high level', 'second quarter', 'third quarter', 'pandemic lows', 'Barry Card', 'class performance', 'Mr. Card.', 'cost reductions', 'previous years', 'increased volume', 'ongoing investments', 'enterprise systems', 'digital strategy', 'longer-term efficiencies', 'cost competitiveness', 'next 12 months', 'various scopes', 'efficient execution', 'lower costs', 'job margins', 'material costs', 'continued rise', 'commodity prices', 'oil sands', 'AssetArmorTM products', 'three months', 'new customers', 'Canadian dollars', 'Adjusted EBITDAS', 'administrative expenses', 'market segment', ""customers' infrastructure"", 'work site', 'quarterly revenues', '2022 expenses', 'CALGARY', 'Alberta', 'Company', 'CSM', 'results', 'amounts', 'thousands', 'IFRS', 'Advisory', 'end', 'description', 'items', 'limitations', 'use', 'activity', 'record', 'recovery', 'integrity', 'total', 'workforce', '4,000 employees', 'peak', 'commitment', 'safety', 'time', 'incidents', 'HIGHLIGHTS', 'Q3', 'decrease', 'Q2', 'Selling', 'general', 'business', 'elements', 'order', 'Liquidity', 'cash', 'September', 'December', 'renewals', 'October', 'Maintenance', 'completion', 'existing', 'mix', '11.', '4.5', '9.']",2022-11-03,2022-11-03,benzinga.com
12557,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,$NWPIF NEW ARTICLE : ClearStream Energy Services GAAP EPS of $0.01  revenue of $171.9M https://t.co/sg4PKY0JmY Get… https://t.co/BlqSWwBZyj,nan,$NWPIF NEW ARTICLE : ClearStream Energy Services GAAP EPS of $0.01  revenue of $171.9M https://t.co/sg4PKY0JmY Get… https://t.co/BlqSWwBZyj,neutral,0.17,0.8,0.02,neutral,0.17,0.8,0.02,True,English,"['ClearStream Energy Services GAAP EPS', 'NEW ARTICLE', '$0.01, revenue', 'BlqSWwBZyj', 'ClearStream Energy Services GAAP EPS', 'NEW ARTICLE', '$0.01, revenue', 'BlqSWwBZyj']",2022-11-03,2022-11-03,Unknown
12558,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,$NWPIF $CSM:CA - ClearStream Energy Services GAAP EPS of $0.01  revenue of $171.9M https://t.co/bJkzQggxeX,nan,$NWPIF $CSM:CA - ClearStream Energy Services GAAP EPS of $0.01  revenue of $171.9M https://t.co/bJkzQggxeX,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,True,English,"['ClearStream Energy Services GAAP EPS', 'CA', '1, revenue', 'ClearStream Energy Services GAAP EPS', 'CA', '1, revenue']",2022-11-03,2022-11-03,Unknown
12559,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,@wintruzareiks Les places du type Clearstream,nan,@wintruzareiks Les places du type Clearstream,neutral,0.07,0.93,0.01,neutral,0.07,0.93,0.01,True,English,"['wintruzareiks', 'places', 'type', 'Clearstream', 'wintruzareiks', 'places', 'type', 'Clearstream']",2022-11-03,2022-11-03,Unknown
12560,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,@babade_PA @WtH_0803 @MENA_Mercenary @tasca05745219 @ddune160 @Whisperer2022 @rdv_analytics @Clearstream D’oh that… https://t.co/MXEyHShac0,nan,@babade_PA @WtH_0803 @MENA_Mercenary @tasca05745219 @ddune160 @Whisperer2022 @rdv_analytics @Clearstream D’oh that… https://t.co/MXEyHShac0,neutral,0.05,0.93,0.02,neutral,0.05,0.93,0.02,True,English,"['babade_PA', 'MENA_Mercenary', 'Whisperer2022', 'MXEyHShac0', 'babade_PA', 'MENA_Mercenary', 'Whisperer2022', 'MXEyHShac0']",2022-11-02,2022-11-03,Unknown
12561,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,@jaapdeheer @WtH_0803 @MENA_Mercenary @tasca05745219 @ddune160 @Whisperer2022 @rdv_analytics @Clearstream Technical… https://t.co/zD2i7fN0Al,nan,@jaapdeheer @WtH_0803 @MENA_Mercenary @tasca05745219 @ddune160 @Whisperer2022 @rdv_analytics @Clearstream Technical… https://t.co/zD2i7fN0Al,neutral,0.09,0.9,0.02,neutral,0.09,0.9,0.02,True,English,"['Clearstream Technical', 'jaapdeheer', 'MENA_Mercenary', 'Whisperer2022', 'Clearstream Technical', 'jaapdeheer', 'MENA_Mercenary', 'Whisperer2022']",2022-11-02,2022-11-03,Unknown
12562,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,@WtH_0803 @babade_PA @MENA_Mercenary @tasca05745219 @ddune160 @Whisperer2022 @rdv_analytics @Clearstream My MGNT DR… https://t.co/b8XBMgFZor,nan,@WtH_0803 @babade_PA @MENA_Mercenary @tasca05745219 @ddune160 @Whisperer2022 @rdv_analytics @Clearstream My MGNT DR… https://t.co/b8XBMgFZor,neutral,0.11,0.88,0.01,neutral,0.11,0.88,0.01,True,English,"['MGNT DR', 'WtH', 'MENA_Mercenary', 'Whisperer2022', 'MGNT DR', 'WtH', 'MENA_Mercenary', 'Whisperer2022']",2022-11-02,2022-11-03,Unknown
12563,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,@babade_PA @jaapdeheer @MENA_Mercenary @tasca05745219 @ddune160 @Whisperer2022 @rdv_analytics @Clearstream In total… https://t.co/NDzOrPi3yY,nan,@babade_PA @jaapdeheer @MENA_Mercenary @tasca05745219 @ddune160 @Whisperer2022 @rdv_analytics @Clearstream In total… https://t.co/NDzOrPi3yY,neutral,0.05,0.94,0.01,neutral,0.05,0.94,0.01,True,English,"['babade_PA', 'jaapdeheer', 'MENA_Mercenary', 'Whisperer2022', 'total', 'NDzOrPi3yY', 'babade_PA', 'jaapdeheer', 'MENA_Mercenary', 'Whisperer2022', 'total', 'NDzOrPi3yY']",2022-11-02,2022-11-03,Unknown
12564,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,Antennas Direct ClearStream 4MAX TV Antenna  70+ Mile Range  UHF/Vhf  Multi-Directional  Indoor  Attic  Outdoor  Ma… https://t.co/3eXW7VcYuL,nan,Antennas Direct ClearStream 4MAX TV Antenna  70+ Mile Range  UHF/Vhf  Multi-Directional  Indoor  Attic  Outdoor  Ma… https://t.co/3eXW7VcYuL,neutral,0.1,0.89,0.01,neutral,0.1,0.89,0.01,True,English,"['4MAX TV Antenna', '70+ Mile Range', 'Antennas', 'Attic', '4MAX TV Antenna', '70+ Mile Range', 'Antennas', 'Attic']",2022-11-02,2022-11-03,Unknown
12565,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,Antennas Direct - ClearStream 4MAX Indoor/Outdoor UHF/VHF HDTV Antenna - Black https://t.co/90EU3llNvA eBay https://t.co/EvKU05GvmL,nan,Antennas Direct - ClearStream 4MAX Indoor/Outdoor UHF/VHF HDTV Antenna - Black https://t.co/90EU3llNvA eBay https://t.co/EvKU05GvmL,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,True,English,"['ClearStream 4MAX', 'Antennas', 'Black', 'eBay', 'ClearStream 4MAX', 'Antennas', 'Black', 'eBay']",2022-11-02,2022-11-03,Unknown
12566,Deutsche Boerse,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/qontigo-licenses-istoxx-world-min-121000754.html,Qontigo licenses iSTOXX World Min Vol ESG Index to LGIM for pension fund mandate,Qontigo has licensed the newly launched iSTOXX World Min Vol ESG Index to Legal & General Investment Management (LGIM). The index will be used for a large...,"ZUG  Switzerland  Nov. 3  2022 /PRNewswire/ -- Qontigo has licensed the newly launched iSTOXX World Min Vol ESG Index to Legal & General Investment Management (LGIM). The index will be used for a large pension fund mandate. This index is based on STOXX's broadest equity universe  the STOXX World AC (All Countries)  including both Developed and Emerging Markets and incorporates both proprietary ESG data provided by LGIM and data from ISS ESG.""Investing in minimum volatility strategies has traditionally come at the cost of potentially poorer ESG outcomes compared with standard market cap benchmarks. However  this new solution can allow the investor to enhance their environmental objectives  improve ESG profiles and achieve a net zero decarbonization pathway  while also targeting a lower risk profile than a broad market benchmark. The research process was a truly collaborative effort carried out by LGIM  the client and Qontigo who shared the same vision. We are pleased to have created an innovative solution which incorporates LGIM's ESG framework "" said Fadi Zaher  Head of Index Solutions at Legal & General Investment Management.""Investors in general  and pension trustees in particular  increasingly need to meet a higher number of objectives in their investment allocations. This is particularly true of sustainability criteria and  given the market backdrop  a defensive positioning. The iSTOXX World Min Vol ESG index is an example of how we can embed multiple requirements  and incorporate the most appropriate third-party data  into a rules-based  passive strategy. The index methodology also incorporates risk mitigation with the help of our Axioma optimizer "" said Axel Lomholt  Chief Product Officer  Indices & Benchmarks at Qontigo.Qontigo's iSTOXX World Min Vol ESG Index tracks the performance of an optimized minimum variance portfolio that tilts towards companies that exhibit low volatility  favorable fundamentals  and superior ESG scores. The index is constructed in two steps: first by creating a minimum variance portfolio based on the STOXX World index  and second by improving the Climate and ESG profiles of this portfolio. The index rules ensure tradability  diversification  and positive exposure to fundamental quality.Story continuesAbout QontigoQontigo is a leading global provider of innovative index  analytics and risk solutions that optimize investment impact. As the shift toward sustainable investing accelerates  Qontigo enables its clients—financial-products issuers  asset owners and asset managers—to deliver sophisticated and targeted solutions at scale to meet the increasingly demanding and unique sustainability goals of investors worldwide.Qontigo's solutions are enhanced by both our collaborative  customer-centric culture  which allows us to create tailored solutions for our clients  and our open architecture and modern technology that efficiently integrate with our clients' processes.Part of the Deutsche Börse Group  Qontigo was created in 2019 through the combination of Axioma  DAX and STOXX. Headquartered in Eschborn  Germany  Qontigo's global presence includes offices in New York  London  Zug and Hong Kong. www.qontigo.comAbout STOXXSTOXX Ltd. is Qontigo's global index provider  currently calculating a global  comprehensive index family of about 13 000 strictly rules-based and transparent indices. Best known for the leading European equity indices EURO STOXX 50  STOXX Europe 50 and STOXX Europe 600  STOXX Ltd. maintains and calculates the STOXX Global index family which consists of total market  broad and blue-chip indices for the regions Americas  Europe  Asia/Pacific and sub-regions Latin America and BRIC (Brazil  Russia  India and China) as well as global markets.STOXX is the administrator of the STOXX® and DAX® indices under the European Benchmark Regulation and exercises control over all benchmark administration processes within Qontigo.STOXX indices are licensed to more than 600 companies around the world as underlyings for Exchange Traded Funds (ETFs)  futures and options  structured products and passively managed investment funds.Legal disclaimer:STOXX  Qontigo GmbH  Qontigo Index GmbH  Deutsche Boerse Group and their licensors  research partners or data providers do not make any warranties or representations  express or implied  with respect to the timeliness  sequence  accuracy  completeness  currentness  merchantability  quality or fitness for any particular purpose of its index data and exclude any liability in connection therewith. STOXX  Qontigo GmbH  Qontigo Index GmbH  Deutsche Boerse Group and their licensors  research partners or data providers are not providing investment advice through the publication of indices or in connection therewith. In particular  the inclusion of a company in an index  its weighting  or the exclusion of a company from an index  does not in any way reflect an opinion of STOXX  Qontigo GmbH  Qontigo Index GmbH  Deutsche Boerse Group or their licensors  research partners or data providers on the merits of that company. Financial instruments based on the STOXX® indices  DAX® indices or on any other indices supported by STOXX are in no way sponsored  endorsed  sold or promoted by STOXX  Qontigo GmbH  Qontigo Index GmbH  Deutsche Boerse Group or their licensors  research partners or data providers.CisionView original content to download multimedia:https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/qontigo-licenses-istoxx-world-min-vol-esg-index-to-lgim-for-pension-fund-mandate-301667578.htmlSOURCE Qontigo",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.46,0.16,0.38,True,English,"['iSTOXX World Min Vol ESG Index', 'pension fund mandate', 'Qontigo', 'LGIM', 'iSTOXX World Min Vol ESG Index', 'net zero decarbonization pathway', 'large pension fund mandate', 'Deutsche Börse Group', 'standard market cap benchmarks', 'global, comprehensive index family', 'leading European equity indices', 'broadest equity universe', 'European Benchmark Regulation', 'Deutsche Boerse Group', 'poorer ESG outcomes', 'superior ESG scores', 'leading global provider', 'Global index family', 'broad market benchmark', 'Chief Product Officer', 'total market, broad', 'proprietary ESG data', 'global index provider', 'minimum volatility strategies', 'rules-based, passive strategy', 'unique sustainability goals', 'benchmark administration processes', 'Exchange Traded Funds', 'General Investment Management', 'lower risk profile', 'minimum variance portfolio', 'appropriate third-party data', 'Qontigo Index GmbH', 'World index', 'World AC', 'ESG profiles', 'ESG framework', 'pension trustees', 'market backdrop', 'index data', 'global presence', 'global markets', 'investment funds', 'index methodology', 'index rules', 'innovative index', 'Index Solutions', 'sustainability criteria', 'low volatility', '13,000 strictly rules-based', 'investment allocations', 'risk mitigation', 'investment impact', 'investment advice', 'data providers', 'risk solutions', 'All Countries', 'Emerging Markets', 'new solution', 'research process', 'collaborative effort', 'same vision', 'innovative solution', 'Fadi Zaher', 'higher number', 'defensive positioning', 'multiple requirements', 'Axel Lomholt', 'favorable fundamentals', 'two steps', 'positive exposure', 'sustainable investing', 'financial-products issuers', 'asset owners', 'asset managers', 'customer-centric culture', 'open architecture', 'modern technology', 'New York', 'Hong Kong', 'EURO STOXX', 'Latin America', 'research partners', 'particular purpose', 'Financial instruments', 'Qontigo GmbH', 'transparent indices', 'blue-chip indices', ""clients' processes"", 'targeted solutions', 'tailored solutions', 'environmental objectives', 'Axioma optimizer', 'fundamental quality', 'DAX® indices', 'Legal disclaimer', 'ZUG', 'Switzerland', 'PRNewswire', 'LGIM', 'cost', 'investor', 'Head', 'The', 'example', 'help', 'performance', 'optimized', 'companies', 'Climate', 'tradability', 'diversification', 'Story', 'analytics', 'shift', 'sophisticated', 'scale', 'demanding', 'combination', 'Eschborn', 'Germany', 'offices', 'London', 'Ltd.', 'regions', 'Americas', 'Asia/Pacific', 'BRIC', 'Brazil', 'Russia', 'India', 'China', 'administrator', 'control', 'underlyings', 'ETFs', 'futures', 'options', 'licensors', 'warranties', 'representations', 'respect', 'timeliness', 'sequence', 'accuracy', 'completeness', 'currentness', 'merchantability', 'fitness', 'liability', 'connection', 'publication', 'inclusion', 'company', 'weighting', 'exclusion', 'opinion', 'merits']",2022-11-03,2022-11-03,finance.yahoo.com
12567,Deutsche Boerse,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/qontigo-licenses-istoxx-world-min-vol-esg-index-to-lgim-for-pension-fund-mandate-301667578.html,Qontigo licenses iSTOXX World Min Vol ESG Index to LGIM for pension fund mandate,ZUG  Switzerland  Nov. 3  2022 /PRNewswire/ -- Qontigo has licensed the newly launched iSTOXX World Min Vol ESG Index to Legal & General Investment Management (LGIM). The index will be used for a large pension fund mandate. This index is based on STOXX's broa…,"ZUG  Switzerland  Nov. 3  2022 /PRNewswire/ -- Qontigo has licensed the newly launched iSTOXX World Min Vol ESG Index to Legal & General Investment Management (LGIM). The index will be used for a large pension fund mandate. This index is based on STOXX's broadest equity universe  the STOXX World AC (All Countries)  including both Developed and Emerging Markets and incorporates both proprietary ESG data provided by LGIM and data from ISS ESG.""Investing in minimum volatility strategies has traditionally come at the cost of potentially poorer ESG outcomes compared with standard market cap benchmarks. However  this new solution can allow the investor to enhance their environmental objectives  improve ESG profiles and achieve a net zero decarbonization pathway  while also targeting a lower risk profile than a broad market benchmark. The research process was a truly collaborative effort carried out by LGIM  the client and Qontigo who shared the same vision. We are pleased to have created an innovative solution which incorporates LGIM's ESG framework "" said Fadi Zaher  Head of Index Solutions at Legal & General Investment Management.""Investors in general  and pension trustees in particular  increasingly need to meet a higher number of objectives in their investment allocations. This is particularly true of sustainability criteria and  given the market backdrop  a defensive positioning. The iSTOXX World Min Vol ESG index is an example of how we can embed multiple requirements  and incorporate the most appropriate third-party data  into a rules-based  passive strategy. The index methodology also incorporates risk mitigation with the help of our Axioma optimizer "" said Axel Lomholt  Chief Product Officer  Indices & Benchmarks at Qontigo.Qontigo's iSTOXX World Min Vol ESG Index tracks the performance of an optimized minimum variance portfolio that tilts towards companies that exhibit low volatility  favorable fundamentals  and superior ESG scores. The index is constructed in two steps: first by creating a minimum variance portfolio based on the STOXX World index  and second by improving the Climate and ESG profiles of this portfolio. The index rules ensure tradability  diversification  and positive exposure to fundamental quality.About QontigoQontigo is a leading global provider of innovative index  analytics and risk solutions that optimize investment impact. As the shift toward sustainable investing accelerates  Qontigo enables its clients—financial-products issuers  asset owners and asset managers—to deliver sophisticated and targeted solutions at scale to meet the increasingly demanding and unique sustainability goals of investors worldwide.Qontigo's solutions are enhanced by both our collaborative  customer-centric culture  which allows us to create tailored solutions for our clients  and our open architecture and modern technology that efficiently integrate with our clients' processes.Part of the Deutsche Börse Group  Qontigo was created in 2019 through the combination of Axioma  DAX and STOXX. Headquartered in Eschborn  Germany  Qontigo's global presence includes offices in New York  London  Zug and Hong Kong. www.qontigo.comAbout STOXXSTOXX Ltd. is Qontigo's global index provider  currently calculating a global  comprehensive index family of about 13 000 strictly rules-based and transparent indices. Best known for the leading European equity indices EURO STOXX 50  STOXX Europe 50 and STOXX Europe 600  STOXX Ltd. maintains and calculates the STOXX Global index family which consists of total market  broad and blue-chip indices for the regions Americas  Europe  Asia/Pacific and sub-regions Latin America and BRIC (Brazil  Russia  India and China) as well as global markets.STOXX is the administrator of the STOXX® and DAX® indices under the European Benchmark Regulation and exercises control over all benchmark administration processes within Qontigo.STOXX indices are licensed to more than 600 companies around the world as underlyings for Exchange Traded Funds (ETFs)  futures and options  structured products and passively managed investment funds.Legal disclaimer:STOXX  Qontigo GmbH  Qontigo Index GmbH  Deutsche Boerse Group and their licensors  research partners or data providers do not make any warranties or representations  express or implied  with respect to the timeliness  sequence  accuracy  completeness  currentness  merchantability  quality or fitness for any particular purpose of its index data and exclude any liability in connection therewith. STOXX  Qontigo GmbH  Qontigo Index GmbH  Deutsche Boerse Group and their licensors  research partners or data providers are not providing investment advice through the publication of indices or in connection therewith. In particular  the inclusion of a company in an index  its weighting  or the exclusion of a company from an index  does not in any way reflect an opinion of STOXX  Qontigo GmbH  Qontigo Index GmbH  Deutsche Boerse Group or their licensors  research partners or data providers on the merits of that company. Financial instruments based on the STOXX® indices  DAX® indices or on any other indices supported by STOXX are in no way sponsored  endorsed  sold or promoted by STOXX  Qontigo GmbH  Qontigo Index GmbH  Deutsche Boerse Group or their licensors  research partners or data providers.SOURCE Qontigo",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.31,0.19,0.5,True,English,"['iSTOXX World Min Vol ESG Index', 'pension fund mandate', 'Qontigo', 'LGIM', 'iSTOXX World Min Vol ESG Index', 'net zero decarbonization pathway', 'large pension fund mandate', 'Deutsche Börse Group', 'standard market cap benchmarks', 'global, comprehensive index family', 'leading European equity indices', 'broadest equity universe', 'European Benchmark Regulation', 'Deutsche Boerse Group', 'poorer ESG outcomes', 'superior ESG scores', 'leading global provider', 'Global index family', 'broad market benchmark', 'Chief Product Officer', 'total market, broad', 'proprietary ESG data', 'global index provider', 'minimum volatility strategies', 'rules-based, passive strategy', 'unique sustainability goals', 'benchmark administration processes', 'Exchange Traded Funds', 'General Investment Management', 'lower risk profile', 'minimum variance portfolio', 'appropriate third-party data', 'Qontigo Index GmbH', 'World index', 'World AC', 'ESG profiles', 'ESG framework', 'pension trustees', 'market backdrop', 'index data', 'global presence', 'global markets', 'investment funds', 'index methodology', 'index rules', 'innovative index', 'Index Solutions', 'sustainability criteria', 'low volatility', '13,000 strictly rules-based', 'investment allocations', 'risk mitigation', 'investment impact', 'investment advice', 'data providers', 'risk solutions', 'All Countries', 'Emerging Markets', 'new solution', 'research process', 'collaborative effort', 'same vision', 'innovative solution', 'Fadi Zaher', 'higher number', 'defensive positioning', 'multiple requirements', 'Axel Lomholt', 'favorable fundamentals', 'two steps', 'positive exposure', 'sustainable investing', 'financial-products issuers', 'asset owners', 'asset managers', 'customer-centric culture', 'open architecture', 'modern technology', 'New York', 'Hong Kong', 'Latin America', 'research partners', 'particular purpose', 'Financial instruments', 'Qontigo GmbH', 'transparent indices', 'blue-chip indices', ""clients' processes"", 'targeted solutions', 'tailored solutions', 'environmental objectives', 'Axioma optimizer', 'fundamental quality', 'DAX® indices', 'Legal disclaimer', 'ZUG', 'Switzerland', 'PRNewswire', 'LGIM', 'cost', 'investor', 'Head', 'The', 'example', 'help', 'performance', 'optimized', 'companies', 'Climate', 'tradability', 'diversification', 'analytics', 'shift', 'sophisticated', 'scale', 'demanding', 'combination', 'Eschborn', 'Germany', 'offices', 'London', 'Ltd.', 'regions', 'Americas', 'Asia/Pacific', 'BRIC', 'Brazil', 'Russia', 'India', 'China', 'administrator', 'control', 'underlyings', 'ETFs', 'futures', 'options', 'licensors', 'warranties', 'representations', 'respect', 'timeliness', 'sequence', 'accuracy', 'completeness', 'currentness', 'merchantability', 'fitness', 'liability', 'connection', 'publication', 'inclusion', 'company', 'weighting', 'exclusion', 'opinion', 'merits']",2022-11-03,2022-11-03,prnewswire.com
12568,Deutsche Boerse,Bing API,https://ca.finance.yahoo.com/news/euronext-italian-arm-become-group-165437630.html,Euronext Italian arm to become group-wide clearer from end 2023,Pan-European stock exchange Euronext said on Thursday that customers will be able to clear all share trades at its Italian arm from the end of 2023  a move that ends reliance on a London Stock Exchange Group (LSEG) unit in Paris.,"FILE PHOTO: The Euronext stock exchange is pictured at the La Defense business district in ParisBy Huw JonesLONDON (Reuters) - Pan-European stock exchange Euronext said on Thursday that customers will be able to clear all share trades at its Italian arm from the end of 2023  a move that ends reliance on a London Stock Exchange Group (LSEG) unit in Paris.Euronext  which operates exchanges in Paris  Amsterdam  Brussels  Dublin  Lisbon  Milan and Oslo  has long relied on LCH SA in the French capital for clearing its stock and derivatives trades  but its acquisition of the Milan Exchange last year from LSEG included an in-house clearer.""This is the first milestone in the transformation of Euronext Clearing to create the Euronext clearing house of choice for its cash equity markets "" Euronext said in a third quarter trading statement.Clearing in derivatives traded on Euronext will follow in 2024.Customers could continue using LCH SA  in which Euronext has an 11.1% stake  for clearing share trades  but will have to shift all credit derivatives to Italy.As many are likely to shift stock and derivatives trading to Italy given efficiencies from using one location.LSEG said LCH SA would remain a key hub.""LCH SA is strategically important to LCH Group and LSEG  clearing the majority of the euro zone repo market and the majority of the euro credit derivatives market  in addition to many European equity market venues  including Euronext  Turquoise  CBOE and Aquis "" an LSEG spokesperson said.Clearing has become a politicised issue in the European Union following Brexit as the bloc seeks to end heavy reliance on LCH's London operation for clearing interest rate swaps  setting an end-June 2025 deadline for cutting off access to EU customers.""In December we will come forward with measures to make the European Union a more competitive and attractive clearing landscape by fostering the demand for and supply of derivatives products at EU central counterparties (CCPs) and by strengthening the EU supervisory framework for those CCPs "" EU financial services commissioner Mairead McGuinness said on Thursday.Story continuesEarlier this week  Deutsche Boerse's Eurex Clearing offered payments to buy-side customers who relocate derivatives clearing from London in 2023 in anticipation of the EU legislation.(This story has been corrected to remove reference to credit in paragraph 4)(Reporting by Huw Jones; Editing by Mark Potter and Susan Fenton)",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,negative,0.02,0.21,0.76,True,English,"['Euronext Italian arm', 'end', 'many European equity market venues', 'euro zone repo market', 'La Defense business district', 'third quarter trading statement', 'EU financial services commissioner', 'euro credit derivatives market', 'The Euronext stock exchange', 'Pan-European stock exchange Euronext', 'London Stock Exchange Group', 'cash equity markets', 'interest rate swaps', 'EU central counterparties', 'EU supervisory framework', 'attractive clearing landscape', 'Euronext clearing house', 'Milan Exchange', 'derivatives trading', 'European Union', 'LCH Group', 'EU legislation', 'house clearer', 'EU customers', 'Huw Jones', 'share trades', 'Italian arm', 'French capital', 'derivatives trades', 'first milestone', 'one location', 'key hub', 'politicised issue', 'London operation', 'end-June 2025 deadline', 'derivatives products', 'Mairead McGuinness', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'Eurex Clearing', 'Mark Potter', 'Susan Fenton', 'LCH SA', 'heavy reliance', 'side customers', 'LSEG) unit', 'LSEG spokesperson', 'PHOTO', 'Paris', 'Reuters', 'Thursday', 'move', 'exchanges', 'Amsterdam', 'Brussels', 'Dublin', 'Lisbon', 'Oslo', 'acquisition', 'transformation', 'choice', '11.1% stake', 'Italy', 'majority', 'addition', 'Turquoise', 'CBOE', 'Aquis', 'Brexit', 'bloc', 'access', 'December', 'measures', 'competitive', 'demand', 'supply', 'CCPs', 'Story', 'payments', 'anticipation', 'reference', 'paragraph', 'Editing']",2022-11-03,2022-11-03,ca.finance.yahoo.com
12569,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,Read how Deutsche Börse Group is using Microsoft Azure to manage its data and shape the future of the financial ser… https://t.co/MDPCr53M28,nan,Read how Deutsche Börse Group is using Microsoft Azure to manage its data and shape the future of the financial ser… https://t.co/MDPCr53M28,neutral,0.05,0.94,0.01,neutral,0.05,0.94,0.01,True,English,"['Deutsche Börse Group', 'Microsoft Azure', 'financial ser', 'data', 'future', 'MDPCr53M28', 'Deutsche Börse Group', 'Microsoft Azure', 'financial ser', 'data', 'future', 'MDPCr53M28']",2022-11-03,2022-11-03,Unknown
12570,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,Read how Deutsche Börse Group is using Microsoft Azure to manage its data and shape the future of the financial ser… https://t.co/BtqV8twVmG,nan,Read how Deutsche Börse Group is using Microsoft Azure to manage its data and shape the future of the financial ser… https://t.co/BtqV8twVmG,neutral,0.07,0.93,0.01,neutral,0.07,0.93,0.01,True,English,"['Deutsche Börse Group', 'Microsoft Azure', 'financial ser', 'data', 'future', 'BtqV8twVmG', 'Deutsche Börse Group', 'Microsoft Azure', 'financial ser', 'data', 'future', 'BtqV8twVmG']",2022-11-03,2022-11-03,Unknown
12571,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,Read how Deutsche Börse Group is using Microsoft Azure to manage its data and shape the future of the financial ser… https://t.co/kvpqPsB1oL,nan,Read how Deutsche Börse Group is using Microsoft Azure to manage its data and shape the future of the financial ser… https://t.co/kvpqPsB1oL,neutral,0.08,0.91,0.01,neutral,0.08,0.91,0.01,True,English,"['Deutsche Börse Group', 'Microsoft Azure', 'financial ser', 'data', 'future', 'Deutsche Börse Group', 'Microsoft Azure', 'financial ser', 'data', 'future']",2022-11-03,2022-11-03,Unknown
12572,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.reuters.com/markets/europe/euronext-italian-arm-become-group-wide-clearer-end-2023-2022-11-03/,Euronext Italian arm to become group-wide clearer from end 2023 - Reuters.com,"Pan-European stock exchange Euronext <a href=""https://www.reuters.com/companies/ENX.PA"" target=""_blank"">(ENX.PA)</a> said on Thursday that customers will be able to clear all share trades at its Italian arm from the end of 2023  a move that ends reliance on a…","LONDON  Nov 3 (Reuters) - Pan-European stock exchange Euronext (ENX.PA) said on Thursday that customers will be able to clear all share trades at its Italian arm from the end of 2023  a move that ends reliance on a London Stock Exchange Group (LSEG) unit in Paris.Euronext  which operates exchanges in Paris  Amsterdam  Brussels  Dublin  Lisbon  Milan and Oslo  has long relied on LCH SA in the French capital for clearing its stock and derivatives trades  but its acquisition of the Milan Exchange last year from LSEG (LSEG.L) included an in-house clearer.""This is the first milestone in the transformation of Euronext Clearing to create the Euronext clearing house of choice for its cash equity markets "" Euronext said in a third quarter trading statement.Clearing in derivatives traded on Euronext will follow in 2024.Customers could continue using LCH SA  in which Euronext has an 11.1% stake  for clearing share trades  but will have to shift all credit derivatives to Italy.As many are likely to shift stock and derivatives trading to Italy given efficiencies from using one location.LSEG said LCH SA would remain a key hub.""LCH SA is strategically important to LCH Group and LSEG  clearing the majority of the euro zone repo market and the majority of the euro credit derivatives market  in addition to many European equity market venues  including Euronext  Turquoise  CBOE and Aquis "" an LSEG spokesperson said.Clearing has become a politicised issue in the European Union following Brexit as the bloc seeks to end heavy reliance on LCH's London operation for clearing interest rate swaps  setting an end-June 2025 deadline for cutting off access to EU customers.""In December we will come forward with measures to make the European Union a more competitive and attractive clearing landscape by fostering the demand for and supply of derivatives products at EU central counterparties (CCPs) and by strengthening the EU supervisory framework for those CCPs "" EU financial services commissioner Mairead McGuinness said on Thursday.Earlier this week  Deutsche Boerse's Eurex Clearing offered payments to buy-side customers who relocate derivatives clearing from London in 2023 in anticipation of the EU legislation.(This story has been corrected to remove reference to credit in paragraph 4)Reporting by Huw Jones Editing by Mark Potter and Susan FentonOur Standards: The Thomson Reuters Trust Principles.",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.04,0.34,0.62,True,English,"['Euronext Italian arm', 'end', 'Reuters', 'The Thomson Reuters Trust Principles', 'many European equity market venues', 'euro zone repo market', 'third quarter trading statement', 'EU financial services commissioner', 'euro credit derivatives market', 'Pan-European stock exchange Euronext', 'London Stock Exchange Group', 'cash equity markets', 'interest rate swaps', 'Huw Jones Editing', 'EU central counterparties', 'EU supervisory framework', 'attractive clearing landscape', 'Euronext clearing house', 'derivatives trading', 'European Union', 'Milan Exchange', 'LCH Group', 'EU legislation', 'house clearer', 'EU customers', 'share trades', 'Italian arm', 'French capital', 'derivatives trades', 'first milestone', 'one location', 'key hub', 'politicised issue', 'London operation', 'end-June 2025 deadline', 'derivatives products', 'Mairead McGuinness', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'Eurex Clearing', 'Mark Potter', 'Susan Fenton', 'LCH SA', 'heavy reliance', 'side customers', 'LSEG) unit', 'LSEG spokesperson', 'Thursday', 'move', 'Paris', 'exchanges', 'Amsterdam', 'Brussels', 'Dublin', 'Lisbon', 'Oslo', 'acquisition', 'transformation', 'choice', '11.1% stake', 'Italy', 'majority', 'addition', 'Turquoise', 'CBOE', 'Aquis', 'Brexit', 'bloc', 'access', 'December', 'measures', 'competitive', 'demand', 'supply', 'CCPs', 'payments', 'anticipation', 'story', 'reference', 'paragraph', 'Reporting', 'Standards']",2022-11-03,2022-11-03,reuters.com
12573,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/euronext-publishes-q3-2022-results-164500227.html,Euronext publishes Q3 2022 results,Contacts Media Contact Investor Relations Amsterdam +31 20 721 4133 Brussels +32 2 620 15 50 +33 1 70 48 24 27 Dublin +33 1 70 48 24 45 Lisbon +351 210 600...,"EuronextContacts Media Contact Investor Relations Amsterdam +31 20 721 4133 Brussels +32 2 620 15 50 +33 1 70 48 24 27 Dublin +33 1 70 48 24 45 Lisbon +351 210 600 614 Milan +39 02 72 42 62 12 Oslo +47 41 69 59 10 Paris +33 1 70 48 24 45Euronext publishes Q3 2022 resultsSolid quarter demonstrating Euronext’s diversified business model and continued cost discipline  in line with 2022 cost guidanceAmsterdam  Brussels  Dublin  Lisbon  Milan  Oslo and Paris – 3 November 2022 – Euronext  the leading pan-European market infrastructure  today publishes its results for the third quarter 2022.Q 3 2022 underlying revenue and income was stable com pared to Q 3 2021 underlying revenue and income 1   at € 350.3 million ( - 0. 1 % 2 reported   - € 0.3 million   reported revenue and income at €301.4 million ) illustrating the strong performance of non -volume related business : Non-volume related revenue accounted for 59% of Q3 2022 underlying revenue 1 (vs. 57% in Q3 2021) and covered 138% of underlying operating expenses  excluding D&A (vs. 142% in Q3 2021). Trading revenue was down at €117.8 million (-6.0% like-for-like  -5.2% reported)  resulting from lower cash equity and MTS Cash volumes  partially offset by efficient yield management and strong quarters for FX  derivatives and power trading. Post-trade revenue (excluding NTI) grew to €86.2 million (+2.2% like-for-like  +3.7% reported). Custody and Settlement revenue was €57.1 million (+0.5% like-for-like  +2.8% reported) thanks to the diversified Euronext Securities business model in a normalising settlement environment. Clearing revenue increased to €29.1 million (+5.5% like-for-like  +5.5% reported) as a result of growing bonds and derivatives clearing activity. Net treasury income for Euronext Clearing was -€38.3 million  including -€49.0 million of non-underlying pre-tax loss following the partial disposal of the Euronext Clearing portfolio 1   as announced in Euronext second quarter 2022 results. Listing revenue grew to €54.0 million (+5.9% like-for-like  +6.3% reported)  demonstrating the resilience of the business in tough market conditions. Euronext remained the leading venue for equity listing in Europe and for debt listing worldwide. Euronext recorded 18 new equity listings in Q3 2022. Four new companies joined the new Euronext Tech Leaders segment following its launch in June 2022. Advanced Data Services revenue grew to €53.0 million (+6.5% like-for-like  +6.3% reported)  driven by a strong performance across the offering.Adjusted EBITDA 3 was at € 199.9 million ( -4.4% reported   - € 9.2 million) reflecting continued cost disciplin e in an inflationary environment . A djusted EBITDA margin was at 57.1% ( - 2.6 pt s like-for-like   - 2.6 p t s reported ): Underlying operating expenses  excluding D&A  were €150.4 million (+5.6% like-for-like  +6.3% reported)  in line with 2022 cost guidance of €612 million of underlying costs.Story continuesReported net income  share of the parent company shareholders  was down -34. 5 % to€ 7 5 . 8 million (- € 40 . 0 million)   mainly due to the non-underlying one-off loss in n et t reasury i ncome : Net financing expenses were at €4.6 million and results from equity investments amounted to €1.7 million. Income tax rate was at 26.2%.Adjusted EPS 4 was down -3.2% at € 1. 2 1 5 .Key figures for Q3 2022:In €m  unless stated otherwise Q3 2022 Q3 2021 % var % varl-f-l6 Revenue and income 301.4 350.6 -14.0% -0.8% Underlying revenue and income1 350.3 350.6 -0.1% -0.8% Underlying operational expenses excluding D&A (150.4) (141.5) +6.3% +5.6% Adjusted EBITDA 199.9 209.1 -4.4% -5.2% Adjusted EBITDA margin 57.1% 59.6% -2.6pts -2.6pts Net income  share of the parent company shareholders 75.8 115.8 -34.5% Adjusted Net income  share of the parent company shareholders 129.5 137.0 -5.5% Adjusted EPS (basic  in€) (share count differs between the two periods) 1.21 1.25 -3.2% Reported EPS (basic  in€) (share count differs between the two periods) 0.71 1.08 -34.2% Adjusted EPS (diluted  in€) (share count differs between the two periods) 1.21 1.25 -3.2% Reported EPS (diluted  in€) (share count differs between the two periods) 0.71 1.08 -34.2%Net debt to reported EBITDA 7 was at 2. 3 x at the end of September 2022 .Continued delivery of targeted synergies in relation to the Borsa Italiana Group acquisition : € 24.4 million cumulated run-rate annual synergies achieved at the end of Q3 2022. €0.3 million run-rate annual synergies delivered in Q3 2022. €37.9 million of cumulated implementation costs incurred at the end of Q3 2022  of which €1.2 million during Q3 2022.Continued advancement of the integration of the Borsa Italiana Group: Euronext has successfully introduced a new listing framework in Italy  which is harmonised with Group and global standards. The harmonisation of the listing framework will benefit Italian issuers and strengthen the Italian capital market ecosystem. Euronext confirmed the first phase of the migration of Borsa Italiana cash markets onto Optiq ® in March 2023. The migration to the Euronext state-of-the-art proprietary trading platform will provide Euronext and Borsa Italiana clients with significant benefits while retaining a strong local footprint  as demonstrated in the two previous successful migrations in Ireland and Norway. Euronext confirmed the first phase of the expansion of Euronext Clearing with the expected launch of the equity clearing offering by the end of 2023. This is the first milestone in the transformation of Euronext Clearing to create the Euronext clearing house of choice for its cash equity markets  further ensuring strategic alignment between the Euronext markets and its clearing house.Stéphane Boujnah  Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Managing Board of Euronext  said:“This third quarter of 2022 demonstrated the robustness of Euronext’s diversified business model in a more challenging trading environment. We recorded strong growth in our non-volume related activities  as well as good performance of derivatives  FX and power trading activities. Euronext confirmed its position as the main trading venue in Europe this quarter  providing market participants with the highest market quality and depth. Combined with continued cost discipline  in line with our 2022 cost guidance  this led to robust adjusted EBITDA and adjusted net income.We continued working on the integration of the Borsa Italiana Group and delivery of the ‘Growth for Impact 2024’ strategic plan. €24.4 million cumulated run-rate annual synergies in relation to the acquisition of the Borsa Italiana Group were reached at the end of Q3 2022.Going forward  the simplification of listing rules in Italy announced in September will facilitate access to financing for local and international issuers  further reinforcing Euronext’s position as the leading listing venue in Europe. Additional major milestones in the delivery of our ‘Growth for Impact 2024’ strategic plan will be achieved in 2023. Italian and European clients will soon benefit from the migration of the Italian cash markets to the Euronext state-of-the-art proprietary trading platform Optiq® in March 2023  joining the largest liquidity pool in Europe. In addition  in relation to the acquisition of the Borsa Italiana Group  Euronext Clearing will become the Euronext clearing house of choice for equity clearing by the end of 2023. These strategic deliveries will further unlock a significant part of the targeted synergies. Our diversified business model combined with continued cost discipline gives us the confidence to face macro-economic challenges in 2023.”Euronext Q3 2022 financial performanceIn €m  unless stated otherwiseThe figures in this document have not been audited or reviewed by our external auditor. Q3 2022 Q3 2021 % var % var(like-for-like  constant currencies) Revenue and income 301.4 350.6 -14.0% -0.8% Underlying revenue and income 350.3 350.6 -0.1% -0.8% Listing 54.0 50.8 +6.3% +5.9% Trading revenue  of which 117.8 124.2 -5.2% -6.0% Cash trading 67.3 75.0 -10.2% -10.2% Derivatives trading 14.0 13.5 +3.3% +3.2% Fixed income trading 21.4 23.8 -9.8% -9.8% FX trading 7.3 5.6 +30.1% +11.2% Power trading 7.8 6.3 +23.5% +20.2% Investor Services 2.5 2.1 +16.3% +12.2% Advanced Data Services 53.0 49.8 +6.3% +6.5% Post-Trade  of which 86.2 83.1 +3.7% +2.2% Clearing 29.1 27.5 +5.5% +5.5% Custody and Settlement 57.1 55.6 +2.8% +0.5% Euronext Technology Solutions & Other 26.0 24.4 +6.7% +6.5% NTI through CCP business (38.3) 12.9 -395.8% -17.6% Other income (0.5) 0.8 -161.3% -160.6% Transitional revenues 0.6 2.3 -72.0% -72.0% Underlying operational expenses exc. D&A (150.4) (141.5) +6.3% +5.6% Adjusted EBITDA 199.9 209.1 -4.4% -5.2% Adjusted EBITDA margin 57.1% 59.6% -2.6pts -2.6pts Operating expenses exc. D&A (153.0) (149.0) +2.7% +5.6% EBITDA 148.3 201.6 -26.4% -5.2% Depreciation & Amortisation (38.8) (38.5) +0.8% -10.3% Total Expenses (inc. D&A) (191.9) (187.5) +2.3% +3.9% Adjusted operating profit 183.8 191.3 -3.9% -4.7% Operating Profit 109.5 163.1 -32.9% Net financing income / (expense) (4.6) (7.3) -36.6% Results from equity investments 1.7 11.8 -85.5% Profit before income tax 106.6 167.6 -36.4% Income tax expense (27.9) (48.5) -42.6% Share of non-controlling interests (2.9) (3.2) -10.7% Net income  share of the parent company shareholders 75.8 115.8 -34.5% Adjusted Net income  share of the parent company shareholders8 129.5 137.0 -5.5% Adjusted EPS (basic  in€) 1.21 1.25 -3.2% Reported EPS (basic  in€) 0.71 1.08 -34.2% Adjusted EPS (diluted  in€) 1.21 1.25 -3.2% Reported EPS (diluted  in€) 0.71 1.08 -34.2%Q3 2022 revenue and incomeIn Q3 2022  Euronext consolidated revenue and income amounted to €301.4 million  down -14.0% compared to Q3 2021  mainly due to the €49.0 million non-underlying  one-off pre-tax loss (€35 million post-tax) related to the partial disposal of the Euronext Clearing portfolio9  partially offset by the robust performance of non-volume related activities and the good performance of derivatives  FX and power trading activities. Underlying revenue and income  excluding the non-underlying  one-off  loss related to the partial disposal of the Euronext Clearing portfolio  was slightly down -0.8% in Q3 2022  to €350.3 million. On a like-for-like basis and at constant currencies  Euronext consolidated revenue and income was down -0.8% in Q3 2022  to €349.4 million  compared to Q3 2021.Non-volume related revenue accounted for 59% of underlying Group revenue in Q3 2022  compared to 57% in Q3 2021  reflecting the successful diversification towards non-volume related activities and challenging environment for cash trading and MTS cash trading this quarter. The underlying operating expenses excluding D&A coverage by non-volume related revenue ratio was at 138% in Q3 2022  compared to 142% in Q3 2021.Q3 2022 adjusted EBITDAUnderlying operational expenses excluding depreciation and amortisation increased to -€150.4 million  up +6.3%  reflecting continued cost discipline in a post-pandemic context and higher clearing expenses  and in line with 2022 guidance of €612 million underlying costs. On a like-for-like basis  underlying operational expenses excluding depreciation and amortisation increased by +5.6% compared to Q3 2021 that was positively impacted by the decrease of travel and marketing due to the pandemic.Consequently  adjusted EBITDA for the quarter totalled €199.9 million  down -4.4% compared to Q3 2021. This represents an adjusted EBITDA margin of 57.1%  down -2.6 points compared to Q3 2021 due to the decrease in volume-related revenue  which was partly offset by resilient non-trading related revenue and continued cost discipline. On a like-for-like basis  adjusted EBITDA for Q3 2022 was down-5.2%  to €199.3 million  and adjusted EBITDA margin was 57.0%  down -2.6 points compared to the same perimeter in Q3 2021.Q3 2022 net income  share of the parent company shareholdersDepreciation and amortisation accounted for €38.8 million in Q3 2022  stable compared to Q3 2021. PPA related to acquired businesses accounted for €20.9 million.Adjusted operating profit was €183.8 million  a -3.9% decrease compared to Q3 2021. On a like-for-like basis  adjusted operating profit was down -4.7% compared to Q3 2021  at €183.2 million.€25.4 million of non-underlying expenses  including depreciation and amortisation  were reported in Q3 2022  related to the integration of the Borsa Italiana Group  the implementation of the ‘Growth for Impact 2024’ strategic plan and the PPA of acquired businesses.Net financing expense for Q3 2022 was €4.6 million compared to a net financing expense of €7.3 million in Q3 2021. This decrease results from a positive revaluation of foreign currencies balances impact in Q3 2022.Results from equity investments amounted to €1.7 million in Q3 2022  solely representing the contribution received from LCH SA  in which Euronext owns an 11.1% stake. As a reminder  in Q3 2021  Euronext reported €11.8 million of results from equity investments  reflecting a dividend payment by Euroclear in addition to the contribution received from LCH SA.Income tax for Q3 2022 was €27.9 million. This translated into an effective tax rate of 26.2% for the quarter (Q3 2021: €48.5 million and 29.0% respectively).Share of non-controlling interests mainly relating to the Borsa Italiana Group and Nord Pool amounted to €2.9 million in Q3 2022.As a result  the reported net income  share of the parent company shareholders  decreased by -34.5% for Q3 2022 compared to Q3 2021  to €75.8 million  including the one-off loss due to the partial disposal10 of the Euronext Clearing portfolio. This represents a reported EPS of €0.71 basic and €0.71 fully diluted in Q3 2022  compared to €1.08 basic and €1.08 fully diluted in Q3 2021. The weighted number of shares used over the first nine months of 2022 was 106 652 256 for the basic calculation and 106 857 642 for the fully diluted calculation.Adjusted net income  share of the parent company shareholders was down -5.5% to €129.5 million. Adjusted EPS (basic) was down -3.2% in Q3 2022  at €1.21 per share  based on 106 652 256 shares for the first nine months of 2022  compared to an adjusted EPS (basic) of €1.25 per share in Q3 2021  based on 92 447 841 shares for the first nine months of 2021.In Q3 2022  Euronext reported a net cash flow from operating activities of €318.1 million  compared to €213.5 million in Q3 2021  reflecting higher positive changes in working capital partially offsetting the lower profit before tax. Excluding the impact on working capital from Euronext Clearing and Nord Pool CCP activities  net cash flow from operating activities accounted for 179% of EBITDA in Q3 2022.Business highlightsListingin €m  unless stated otherwise Q3 2022 Q3 2021 % change Listing revenue 54.0 50.8 +6.3% Equity 27.4 24.6 +11.2% Annual fees 16.9 15.1 +11.8% Follow-ons 5.4 3.8 +40.7% IPOs 5.1 5.7 -10.2% Debts 8.6 9.3 -7.1% ETFs  Funds & Warrants 5.6 5.5 +1.7% Corporate Services 9.4 9.0 +4.3% ELITE and Other 3.0 2.4 +26.0% Money raised 177 660 379 163 -53.1%Listing revenue was €54.0 million in Q3 2022  an increase of +6.3% compared to Q3 2021  reflecting the resilience of the listing offering driven by the good performance of equity follow-ons  Corporate Services and the positive impact of equity IPO revenue recognition over time11. On a like-for-like basis at constant currencies  listing revenue increased by +5.9% compared to Q3 2021.Euronext’s primary equity listing business sustained its leading position in Europe with 18 new listings in Q3 2022. This compared to 51 new listings in the third quarter of 2021  which was a record year for new listings. The majority of new listings on Euronext were from Tech and innovation-driven companies. The listing of Teract became the sixth successful de-SPAC operation on Euronext markets in 2022  illustrating Euronext’s attractiveness for SPAC listings. In addition  Euronext welcomed its fourth listing from a Euronext Tech Leader company since the inception of the new Tech Leaders programme.In Q3 2022  Euronext’s markets reported €143.8 million raised primary equity issues. This compares to a very strong Q3 2021 with €5.3 billion raised on Euronext primary markets.Euronext’s secondary markets reported €4.8 billion raised in secondary equity issues in Q3 2022  compared to €37.7 billion in Q3 2021.Euronext recorded another strong quarter for ETPs remaining a leading exchange in Europe for the listing of ETPs with 105 new listings.Euronext sustained its position as the leading listing venue for bonds worldwide in Q3 202212 with over 52 500 bonds listed across all Euronext markets  despite a slowdown in global bond listing activity due to rising interest rates and concerns over economic growth. In Q3 2022  €172.8 billion in debt was raised on Euronext markets  reflecting the current market conditions  and compared to €336.2 billion raised in Q3 2021.In total  €177.7 billion in equity and debt was raised on Euronext’s markets in Q3 2022  compared to €379.2 billion in Q3 2021.Euronext Corporate Services reported a solid quarter in terms of revenue at €9.4 million in Q3 2022  up +4.3% compared to Q3 2021  resulting from a solid performance across the offering  despite the seasonally lower activity for events.Tradingin €m  unless stated otherwise Q3 2022 Q3 2021 % change Trading revenue 117.8 124.2 -5.2% Cash trading revenue 67.3 75.0 -10.2% ADV Cash market 9 59910 861-11.6%Derivatives trading revenue 14.0 13.5 +3.3% ADV Derivatives market (in lots) 598 237666 537 -10.2% Fixed income trading revenue 21.4 23.8 -9.8% ADV MTS Cash 15 430 23 388 -34.0% TAADV MTS Repo 323 200 281 898 +14.7% ADV other fixed income 787 673 +16.9% Spot FX trading revenue 7.3 5.6 +30.1% ADV spot FX Market (in USD m) 21 743 17 509 +24.2% Power trading revenue 7.8 6.3 +23.5% ADV Day-ahead power market (in TWH) 2.39 2.02 +18.5% ADV Intraday power market (in TWH) 0.10 0.06 +76.8%Trading revenue on a reported basis.Cash tradingCash trading revenue decreased by -10.2% to €67.3 million in Q3 2022  resulting from lower volumes  which were partially offset by improved revenue capture. Over the third quarter of 2022  Euronext recorded cash average daily volumes of €9.6 billion  a volume decrease of -11.6% compared to Q3 2021. Euronext continued to be the provider of best market quality with a sustained above-average EBBO presence across the equity markets it operates13.Over the third quarter of 2022  Euronext cash trading yield was 0.53 bps  reflecting efficient yield management  and the market share of cash trading averaged 65.9%  in line with pre-COVID pandemic levels.On 13 October 2022  Euronext hosted a virtual educational session on cash equity trading. A replay of the presentation and Q&A session is available here.On a like-for-like basis at constant currencies  cash trading revenue was down -10.2% in Q3 2022 compared to Q3 2021.Derivatives tradingDerivatives trading revenue increased by +3.3% to €14.0 million in Q3 2022 as a result of the strong traction of index derivatives and commodity derivatives trading  combined with enhanced revenue capture  offsetting weaker volumes in equity derivatives trading.During the third quarter of 2022  average daily volume on financial derivatives was 513 781 lots  down -12.0% from Q3 2021 due to a decrease in equity futures and options trading  reflecting a strong comparison basis with a more dynamic environment for corporate events than usual in Q3 2021  and some uncertainties around derivatives transaction tax treatment in Q3 2022.Average daily volumes on commodity derivatives were at 84 456 lots in Q3 2022  up +1.9% compared to Q3 2021  driven by a recovery of the high price environment at the end of the quarter and reflecting the quality of Euronext commodities flows from both financial and commercial players.Euronext revenue capture on derivatives trading was €0.35 per lot for the third quarter of 2022  reflecting a positively geared volume mix and solid revenue capture.On a like-for-like basis at constant currencies  derivatives trading revenue was up +3.2% in Q3 2022 compared to Q3 2021.Fixed income tradingFixed income trading reported revenue was at €21.4 million in Q3 2022  compared to €23.8 million in Q3 2021  reflecting an economic environment in Europe favouring money market trading volumes. MTS reported an overall robust performance in markets dominated by increasing interest rates. For the third quarter of 2022  MTS Cash reported €13.1 million of revenue and MTS Repo reported €5.4 million of revenue.The third quarter saw the strong traction in Repo trading continue  with term-adjusted average daily volumes up +14.7% compared to Q3 2021 to €323.2 billion. This partially offset lower MTS Cash average daily volumes  down -34.0% to €15.4 billion  compared to €23.4 billion in Q3 2021.On a like-for-like basis at constant currencies  fixed income trading revenue was down -9.8% in Q3 2022 compared to Q3 2021.FX tradingFX trading reported revenue at €7.3 million in Q3 2022  up +30.1% from Q3 2021. Euronext FX trading volumes and revenue benefited from the continued positive momentum with heightened volatility  geographic expansion and product diversification.Over the third quarter of 2022  average daily volumes of USD21.7 billion were recorded  up +24.2% compared to Q3 2021.On a like-for-like basis at constant currencies  FX trading revenue was up +11.2% in Q3 2022 compared to Q3 2021.Power tradingPower trading reported €7.8 million in revenue in Q3 2022  representing a strong growth of +23.5% compared to Q3 2021  driven by dynamic volumes  the increased footprint of Nord Pool in central Europe  UK and Ireland  and a continued robust performance in the Nordics. Over the third quarter of 2022  average daily day-ahead power traded was 2.39TWh  up +18.5% compared to Q3 2021  and average daily intraday power traded was 0.10TWh  up +76.8% compared to Q3 2021.On a like-for-like basis at constant currencies  power trading revenue was up +20.2% compared to Q3 2021.Investor ServicesInvestor Services reported €2.5 million revenue in Q3 2022  representing a +16.3% increase compared to a very strong Q3 2021  resulting from continued commercial expansion partially offset by a reduction of scope.On a like-for-like basis at constant currencies  Investor Services revenue was up +12.2% compared to Q3 2021.Advanced Data ServicesAdvanced Data Services revenue was €53.0 million in Q3 2022  up +6.3% from Q3 2021  driven by the strong traction of the core data business  solid index activities and good momentum of the advanced data solutions franchise.On a like-for-like basis at constant currencies  Advanced Data Services revenue was up +6.5% compared to Q3 2021.Post Tradein €m  unless stated otherwise Q3 2022 Q3 2021 % var Post-trade revenue (exc. NTI) 86.2 83.1 +3.7% Clearing 29.1 27.5 +5.5% Revenue from LCH SA 18.7 17.1 +9.4% Revenue from Euronext Clearing 10.4 10.5 -0.8% Custody  Settlement and other Post-Trade activities 57.1 55.6 +2.8% Net treasury income through CCP business (38.3) 12.9 -395.8%ClearingClearing revenue was up +5.5% to €29.1 million in Q3 2022  as a result of solid activity from Euronext Clearing and higher revenue received from LCH SA driven by increased derivatives and bond clearing volumes. Non-volume related clearing revenue (including membership fees  treasury income received from LCH SA) accounted for €9.5 million of the total clearing revenue in Q3 2022.Euronext Clearing activities reflected an uplift in cleared volumes for derivatives and bond clearing. In Q3 2022  Euronext Clearing revenue included €1.5 million from derivatives clearing  €3.8 million from equities clearing  and €2.2 million from bonds clearing.On a like-for-like basis at constant currencies  clearing revenue was up +5.5% compared to Q3 2021.Net treasury incomeAs announced with the Q2 2022 results  Euronext Clearing has engaged in a partial disposal of its portfolio14. Subsequently  a one-off pre-tax loss of €49.0 million has been recorded in Q3 2022 as net treasury income. The post-tax impact is a loss of €35 million. As a consequence  the net treasury income reported a loss of €38.3 million in Q3 2022. Adjusting for the one-off impact mentioned above  the net treasury income was at €10.7 million  reflecting a lower spread compared to Q2 2022 on stable level of cash held over the quarter.As the sale of the portfolio had no negative impact on the available capital of the Group  Euronext decided that the dividend for the fiscal year 2022 will be adjusted to neutralize any negative impact from this operation.Custody  Settlement and other Post-Trade activitiesRevenue from Custody  Settlement and other Post-Trade activities  including the activities of Euronext Securities (Copenhagen  Milan  Oslo  Porto)  was €57.1 million in Q3 2022  up +2.8% compared to Q3 2021  resulting from the diversified business model of Euronext Securities enabling it to capture value in a normalising settlement environment. 29 541 795 settlement instructions were processed in the third quarter of 2022 and assets under custody reached €6.1 trillion. As a reminder  the third quarter is usually the lowest quarter in Euronext Securities activity  reflecting several seasonal impacts.On a like-for-like basis at constant currencies  Custody  Settlement and other Post-Trade revenue was up +0.5% compared to Q3 2021.Euronext Technologies and Other revenueEuronext Technologies and Other revenue grew to €26.0 million in Q3 2022  up +6.7% from Q3 2021  reflecting a whole quarter of additional revenue generated through Euronext’s new Core Data Centre following the migration to the new data centre on 6 June 2022.On a like-for-like basis at constant currencies  Euronext Technologies and Other revenue was up +6.5% compared to Q3 2021.Q3 2022 corporate highlights since publication of the Q2 2022 results on 28 July 2022New listing framework in ItalyOn 23 September 2022  Euronext announced the simplification of the listing rules at Borsa Italiana  to the benefit of companies aiming to raise capital on its regulated market  Euronext Milan. Driven by the integration of Borsa Italiana into Euronext  the changes to Euronext Milan’s listing rules align the listing process in Italy with European and global standards.The amendments to the listing rules of Euronext Milan aim to simplify the requirements for issuers preparing to go public  thereby reducing workload and time for market participants.Specifically  the documentation requirements  the extent of Borsa Italiana’s role in reviewing listings and the Sponsor’s responsibilities have been significantly simplified.These simplifications are in line with Euronext’s commitment to facilitating access to financing on its venues  for both local and international issuers.The migration of Borsa Italiana markets to Euronext’s state-of-the-art Optiq® technology and single order book  planned for 202315  will bring further benefits to Italian capital markets  increasing the liquidity and visibility of Italian issuers.The amendments to the Borsa Italiana listing rules came into force on 3 October 2022.ESG innovation across the GroupEuronext has introduced a new section for ESG bonds from companies with the most ambitious climate targets  aligned with the aim to limit the global temperature increase to 1.5°C. To be included in this section  issuers of ESG bonds must have committed to science-based climate targets for a 1.5° pathway  validated by the SBTi.Euronext ESG Funds are now available to investors via a trading platform for open-ended investment funds. It gives investors access to a broad range of ESG funds available from leading asset managers within a safe and secure trading infrastructure. ESG funds available on Euronext are classified as Article 8 funds (light green) or Article 9 funds (dark green) in line with the product classifications in the SFDR.New family of crypto indicesIn August 2022  Euronext introduced a family of indices which provide institutional investors with independent and robust cryptocurrency reference prices  to meet their growing need for diversification. This initiative is part of Euronext’s strategy aiming to offer its clients indirect exposure to crypto assets through a diversified product set.Based on a resilient methodology developed by Compass Financial Technologies  Euronext Crypto Indices serve as independent and transparent prices to value cryptocurrency portfolios  or as benchmarks for investors wishing to issue investment products tracking cryptocurrency prices.Euronext Crypto Indices are calculated based on the collection of all observable rates for one specific cryptocurrency on different selected cyptocurrency exchanges16  following a methodology designed by Compass Financial Technologies  the BMR Index Administrator and Calculation Agent. To be considered as eligible  exchanges need to meet strict criteria in terms of compliance and regulation  transparency  reliability  continuity and IT robustness.Corporate highlights since 30 September 2022Maturities on the Total Return Future on the CAC 40® Index extended to ten yearsEuronext announced the extension of the maturities available on the Total Return Future on the CAC 40® Index17. By making additional maturities up to ten years available on this contract  Euronext further meets the needs of its long-term investors for more capital efficiency.Euronext 2023 financial calendarFull-year 2022 results: Release on Thursday 9 February 2023  after market closing Analysts conference on Friday 10 February 2023  at 9.00am (CET) Quiet period from 20 January to 9 February 2023Q1 2023 results: Release on Tuesday 16 May 2023  after market closing Analysts conference on Wednesday 17 May 2023  at 9.00am (CEST) Quiet period from 26 April to 16 May 2023Annual General Meeting of Shareholders: Wednesday 17 May 2023  at 10.30am (CEST)Q2 2023 results: Release on Thursday 27 July 2023  after market closing Analysts conference on Friday 28 July 2023  at 9.00am (CEST) Quiet period from 10 July to 27 July 2023Q3 2023 results: Release on Wednesday 8 November 2023  after market closing Analysts conference on Thursday 9 November 2023  at 9.00am (CET) Quiet period from 19 October to 8 November 2023AgendaA conference call and a webcast will be held on 4 November 2022  at 09.00am CET (Paris time) / 08.00am GMT (London time):Conference call:To connect to the conference call  please dial:UK Number: +44 33 0551 0200 NO Number: +47 2 156 3318 FR Number: +33 1 70 37 71 66 PT Number: +351 3 0880 2081 NL Number: +31 20 708 5073 IR Number: +353 1 436 0959 US Number: +1 212 999 6659 IT Number: +39 06 8336 0400 BE Number: +32 2 789 8603 DE Number: +49 30 3001 90612Password: EuronextLive webcast:For the live audio webcast go to: Euronext Results webcastThe webcast will be available for replay after the call will be available at the webcast link and on the Euronext Investor Relations webpage.CONTACT ANALYSTS & INVESTORS – ir@euronext.com Aurélie Cohen +33 1 70 48 24 27 ir@euronext.com Clément Kubiak +33 1 70 48 26 33 ir@euronext.comCONTACTS MEDIA – mediateam@euronext.com Aurélie Cohen (Europe) +33 1 70 48 24 45 parispressoffice@euronext.com Marianne Aalders (Amsterdam) +31 20 721 41 33 maalders@euronext.com Pascal Brabant (Brussels) +32 2 620 15 50 pbrabant@euronext.com Sandra Machado (Lisbon) +351 210 600 614 smachado@euronext.com Andrea Monzani (Europe/Milan/Rome) +39 02 72 42 62 13 Italypressoffice@euronext.com Cathrine Lorvik Segerlund (Oslo) +47 41 69 59 10 clsegerlund@euronext.com Sarah Mound (Paris/Dublin) +33 1 70 48 24 45 parispressoffice@euronext.comAbout EuronextEuronext is the leading pan-European market infrastructure  connecting European economies to global capital markets  to accelerate innovation and sustainable growth. It operates regulated exchanges in Belgium  France  Ireland  Italy  the Netherlands  Norway and Portugal. With close to 2 000 listed issuers and around €5.7 trillion in market capitalisation as of end September 2022  it has an unmatched blue-chip franchise and a strong diverse domestic and international client base. Euronext operates regulated and transparent equity and derivatives markets  one of Europe’s leading electronic fixed income trading markets and is the largest centre for debt and funds listings in the world. Its total product offering includes Equities  FX  Exchange Traded Funds  Warrants & Certificates  Bonds  Derivatives  Commodities and Indices. The Group provides a multi-asset clearing house through Euronext Clearing  and custody and settlement services through Euronext Securities central securities depositories in Denmark  Italy  Norway and Portugal. Euronext also leverages its expertise in running markets by providing technology and managed services to third parties. In addition to its main regulated market  it also operates a number of junior markets  simplifying access to listing for SMEs.For the latest news  go to euronext.com or follow us on Twitter ( twitter.com/ euronext ) and LinkedIn ( linkedin.com/ euronex t ).DisclaimerThis press release is for information purposes only: it is not a recommendation to engage in investment activities and is provided “as is”  without representation or warranty of any kind. While all reasonable care has been taken to ensure the accuracy of the content  Euronext does not guarantee its accuracy or completeness. Euronext will not be held liable for any loss or damages of any nature ensuing from using  trusting or acting on information provided. No information set out or referred to in this publication may be regarded as creating any right or obligation. The creation of rights and obligations in respect of financial products that are traded on the exchanges operated by Euronext’s subsidiaries shall depend solely on the applicable rules of the market operator. All proprietary rights and interest in or connected with this publication shall vest in Euronext. This press release speaks only as of this date. Euronext refers to Euronext N.V. and its affiliates. Information regarding trademarks and intellectual property rights of Euronext is available at www.euronext.com/terms-use.© 2022  Euronext N.V. - All rights reserved.The Euronext Group processes your personal data in order to provide you with information about Euronext (the ""Purpose""). With regard to the processing of this personal data  Euronext will comply with its obligations under Regulation (EU) 2016/679 of the European Parliament and Council of 27 April 2016 (General Data Protection Regulation  “GDPR”)  and any applicable national laws  rules and regulations implementing the GDPR  as provided in its privacy statement available at: www.euronext.com/privacy-policy. In accordance with the applicable legislation you have rights with regard to the processing of your personal data: for more information on your rights  please refer to: www.euronext.com/data_subjects_rights_request_information. To make a request regarding the processing of your data or to unsubscribe from this press release service  please use our data subject request form at connect2.euronext.com/form/data-subjects-rights-request or email our Data Protection Officer at dpo@euronext.com.AppendixAdjustments in financial disclosureTo highlight its underlying performance  since Q1 2022  Euronext is publishing underlying recurring costs  adjusted EBITDA and non-recurring costs.Euronext has removed the exceptional items line from its financial statements. Consequently  costs previously reported as exceptional items have from Q1 2022 been included into their respective lines within Euronext operating expenses as non-recurring items.The €150 million of implementation costs to deliver on the ‘Growth for Impact 2024’ strategic plan targets are therefore considered as non-recurring items and will be withdrawn from Q1 2022 from underlying recurring costs.The computation of adjusted net income and earnings per share has been adjusted accordingly. The computation of reported net income and earnings per share are not impacted.2024 strategic plan targets remain unchanged and are not affected by this change in reporting.The new non-IFRS indicators are defined below.Non-IFRS financial measuresFor comparative purposes  the company provides unaudited non-IFRS measures including:Operational expenses excluding depreciation and amortisation  underlying operational expenses excluding depreciation and amortisation;EBITDA  EBITDA margin  adjusted EBITDA  adjusted EBITDA margin.Non-IFRS measures are defined as follows:Operational expenses excluding depreciation and amortisation as the total of salary and employee benefits  and other operational expenses;Underlying operational expenses excluding depreciation and amortisation as the total of salary and employee benefits  and other operational expenses  excluding non-recurring costs;Underlying revenue and income as the total of revenue and income  excluding non-recurring revenue and income;Non-underlying items as items of revenue  income and expense that are material by their size and/or that are infrequent and unusual by their nature or incidence are not considered to be recurring in the normal course of business and are classified as non-underlying items on the face of the income statement within their relevant category in order to provide further understanding of the ongoing sustainable performance of the Group;Adjusted operating profit as the operating profit adjusted for any non-underlying revenue and income and non-underlying costs  including PPA of acquired businesses;EBITDA as the operating profit before depreciation and amortisation;Adjusted EBITDA as the adjusted operating profit before depreciation and amortisation adjusted for any non-underlying operational expenses excluding depreciation and amortisation;EBITDA margin as EBITDA divided by total revenue and income;Adjusted EBITDA margin as adjusted EBITDA  divided by total revenue and income;Adjusted net income  as the net income  share of the parent company shareholders  adjusted for any non-underlying items and related tax impact.Non-IFRS financial measures are not meant to be considered in isolation or as a substitute for comparable IFRS measures and should be read only in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements.Non-volume related revenue definitionNon-volume related revenue includes Listing excl. IPOs  Advanced Data Services  Custody Settlement and other post-trade  fixed revenue from the Clearing activities (including for instance NTI and membership fees)  Investor Services  Technology Solutions  Other Income and Transitional Revenue.Adjusted EPS definitionin €m unless stated otherwise Q3 2022 Q3 2021 Net income reported 75.8 115.8 EPS reported (€ per share) 0.71 1.08 Adjustments of which Revenues and income (48.9) - of which Operating expenses excluding D&A (2.6) (7.5) of which Depreciation and amortisation (22.7) (20.7) of which Net financing expense 0.1 - of which Results from equity investments (0.0) - of which Non-controlling interest 0.2 0.1 Tax related to those items 20.3 7.0 Net income adjusted 129.5 137.0 EPS adjusted (€ per share) 1.21 1.25The figures in this document have not been audited or reviewed by our external auditorConsolidated income statementQ3 2022 Q3 2021 in € million  unless stated otherwise Underlying Non-underlying Reported Underlying Non-underlying Reported Revenue and income 350.3 (48.9) 301.4 350.6 - 350.6 Listing 54.0 - 54.0 50.8 - 50.8 Trading revenue  of which 117.8 - 117.8 124.2 - 124.2 Cash trading 67.3 - 67.3 75.0 - 75.0 Derivatives trading 14.0 - 14.0 13.5 - 13.5 Fixed income trading 21.4 - 21.4 23.8 - 23.8 FX trading 7.3 - 7.3 5.6 - 5.6 Power Trading 7.8 - 7.8 6.3 - 6.3 Investor services 2.5 - 2.5 2.1 - 2.1 Advanced data services 53.0 - 53.0 49.8 - 49.8 Post-trade  of which 86.2 - 86.2 83.1 - 83.1 Clearing 29.1 - 29.1 27.5 - 27.5 Custody & Settlement and other 57.1 - 57.1 55.6 - 55.6 Euronext Technology Solutions & other revenue 26.0 (0.0) 26.0 24.4 - 24.4 Net Financing Income through CCP business 10.7 (49.0) (38.3) 12.9 - 12.9 Other income (0.5) - (0.5) 0.8 - 0.8 Transitional revenues 0.6 - 0.6 2.3 - 2.3 Operating expenses excluding D&A (150.4) (2.6) (153.0) (141.5) (7.5) (149.0) Salaries and employee benefits (75.4) (1.7) (77.0) (72.9) (0.1) (73.0) Other operational expenses  of which (75.0) (1.0) (76.0) (68.6) (7.4) (76.0) System & communication (29.9) (1.5) (31.4) (25.6) (0.3) (25.9) Professional services (13.4) 0.6 (12.8) (16.5) (6.7) (23.2) Clearing expense (8.8) - (8.8) (8.2) - (8.2) Accommodation (3.4) (0.0) (3.4) (2.6) (0.0) (2.6) Other operational expenses (19.5) (0.0) (19.5) (15.6) (0.4) (16.1) EBITDA 199.9 (51.7) 148.3 209.1 (7.5) 201.6 EBITDA margin 57.1% 49.2% 59.6% 57.5% Depreciation & amortisation (16.1) (22.7) (38.8) (17.8) (20.7) (38.5) Total expenses (166.5) (25.4) (191.9) (159.3) (28.2) (187.5) Operating profit 183.8 (74.3) 109.5 191.3 (28.2) 163.1 Net financing income / (expense) (4.7) 0.1 (4.6) (7.3) - (7.3) Results from equity investment 1.7 (0.0) 1.7 11.8 - 11.8 Profit before income tax 180.8 (74.2) 106.6 195.8 (28.2) 167.6 Income tax expense (48.2) 20.3 (27.9) (55.5) 7.0 (48.5) Non-controlling interests (3.1) 0.2 (2.9) (3.3) 0.1 (3.2) Net income  share of the parent company shareholders 129.5 (53.6) 75.8 137.0 (21.1) 115.8 EPS (basic  in €) 1.21 0.71 1.25 1.08 EPS (diluted  in €) 1.21 0.71 1.25 1.08The figures in this document have not been audited or reviewed by our external auditorConsolidated comprehensive income statementQ3 2022 Q3 2021 Profit for the period 78.7 119.0 Other comprehensive income Items that may be reclassified to profit or loss: – Exchange differences on translation of foreign operations (14.8) 10.2 – Income tax impact on exchange differences on translation of foreign operations 1.4 (1.2) – Change in value of debt investments at fair value through other comprehensive income (10.0) (2.2) – Realisation of fair value changes upon disposal of debt investments 49.0 - – Income tax impact on change in value of debt investments at fair value throughother comprehensive income (11.2) 0.6 Items that will not be reclassified to profit or loss: – Change in value of equity investments at fair value through other comprehensive income - 0.0 – Income tax impact on change in value of equity investments at fair value throughother comprehensive income - (0.0) – Income tax impact on remeasurements of post-employment benefit obligations - 0.0 Other comprehensive income for the period  net of tax 14.3 7.5 Total comprehensive income for the period 93.0 126.6 Comprehensive income attributable to: – Owners of the parent 90.0 123.2 – Non-controlling interests 3.0 3.4The figures in this document have not been audited or reviewed by our external auditorConsolidated balance sheetin € million 30 September 2022 30 June 2022 Non-current assets Property  plant and equipment 103.5 103.8 Right-of-use assets 48.0 53.2 Goodwill and other intangible assets 6 125.0 6 145.1 Deferred income tax assets 38.5 49.8 Investments in associates and joint ventures 68.6 67.0 Financial assets at fair value through OCI 290.8 291.6 Other non-current assets 8.4 9.3 Total non-current assets 6 682.8 6 719.7 Current assets Trade and other receivables 415.9 583.7 Income tax receivable 15.4 15.6 Derivative financial instruments 0.2 0.1 CCP clearing business assets 157 608.6 168 663.0 Other current financial assets 139.3 142.6 Cash & cash equivalents 1 212.9 946.6 Total current assets 159 392.4 170 351.6 Assets from disposal groups held for sale 4.9 4.7 Total assets 166 080.1 177 076.0 Equity Shareholders' equity 3 789.1 3 697.6 Non-controlling interests 85.7 82.9 Total Equity 3 874.8 3 780.6 Non-current liabilities Borrowings 3 026.0 3 024.9 Lease liabilities 27.5 33.4 Deferred income tax liabilities 577.2 584.6 Post-employment benefits 21.1 20.7 Contract liabilities 66.7 68.9 Other provisions 7.8 7.8 Total Non-current liabilities 3 726.3 3 740.2 Current liabilities Borrowings 10.4 3.4 Lease liabilities 25.1 24.5 CCP clearing business liabilities 157 570.7 168 696.5 Income tax payable 45.5 41.9 Trade and other payables 728.8 675.1 Contract liabilities 97.2 112.0 Other provisions 0.4 1.0 Total Current liabilities 158 478.1 169 554.5 Liabilities from disposal groups held for sale 0.9 0.7 Total equity and liabilities 166 080.1 177 076.0The consolidated Balance Sheet includes the Euronext Clearing (CC&G) business assets and liabilitiesThe figures in this document have not been audited or reviewed by our external auditorConsolidated statement of cash flowsin € million Q3 2022 Q3 2021 Profit before tax 106.6 167.6 Adjustments for: - Depreciation and amortisation 38.8 38.5 - Share based payments 2.6 2.5 - Share of profit from associates and joint ventures (1.7) (2.6) - Changes in working capital 200.6 34.4 Cash flow from operating activities 346.9 240.4 Income tax paid (28.8) (26.9) Net cash flows from operating activities 318.1 213.5 Cash flow from investing activities Acquisition of subsidiaries  net of cash acquired (0.0) (12.6) Proceeds from sale of subsidiary 0.1 - Purchase of current financial assets (15.0) (2.2) Redemption of current financial assets 16.5 0.1 Purchase of property  plant and equipment (5.5) (13.6) Purchase of intangible assets (22.5) (8.1) Proceeds from sale of property  plant  equipment and intangible assets - 0.0 Dividends received from equity investments - 9.2 Dividends received from associates 0.0 6.7 Net cash flow from investing activities (26.3) (20.7) Cash flow from financing activities Proceeds from borrowings  net of transaction fees - (1.1) Interest paid (0.6) (0.4) Interest received 0.2 - Issuance new shares  net of transaction fees - (0.4) Payment of lease liabilities (5.5) (7.6) Acquisitions of own shares (1.0) (0.1) Employee Share transactions (0.1) 0.0 Dividends paid to the company’s shareholders 0.0 - Dividends paid to non-controlling interests (2.4) (4.3) Net cash flow from financing activities (9.3) (13.8) Total cash flow over the period 282.5 179.0 Cash and cash equivalents - Beginning of period 949.1 620.5 Non cash exchange gains/(losses) on cash and cash equivalents (16.6) 3.0 Cash and cash equivalents - End of period 1 215.0 802.5Cash and cash equivalents – End of period also include the cash included in the assets hald for sale in the balance sheetThe figures in this document have not been audited or reviewed by our external auditorLast twelve months income statementFor informative purpose only  the financial information provided below have not been audited or reviewed by our external auditorin € million Q4 2021 Reported Q1 2022 Reported Q2 2022 Reported Q3 2022 Reported Last 12 months Revenue and income 370.1 395.7 374.7 301.4 1 441.9 Listing 51.9 55.4 55.4 54.0 216.8 Trading Revenue of which Cash trading 79.3 94.0 75.3 67.3 315.9 of which Derivatives trading 14.2 16.1 14.9 14.0 59.2 of which Fixed income trading 24.2 24.4 24.9 21.4 95.0 of which FX spot trading 6.1 7.2 7.3 7.3 27.8 of which Power trading 8.5 9.1 6.9 7.8 32.3 Investor Services 2.3 2.2 2.3 2.5 9.3 Advanced Data Services 50.7 52.6 52.0 53.0 208.3 Post trade of which Clearing 30.1 31.9 31.4 29.1 122.6 of which Settlement & Custody 60.7 63.9 62.5 57.1 244.3 Market solutions & other revenues 26.4 23.1 24.1 26.0 99.6 Net treasury income through CCP Business 12.9 13.4 15.7 (38.3) 3.7 Other income 0.6 0.7 1.0 (0.5) 1.9 Transitional revenue 2.0 1.7 0.9 0.6 5.3 Operating expenses excluding D&A (170.6) (149.1) (161.1) (153.0) (633.8)Underlying operating expenses excluding D&A (156.6) (143.6) (153.0) (150.4) (603.6) Adjusted EBITDA 213.4 252.2 221.7 199.9 887.2Adjusted EBITDA margin 57.7% 63.7% 59.2% 57.1% 59.4% EBITDA 199.5 246.7 213.6 148.3 808.1 D&A (48.9) (40.2) (38.5) (38.8) (166.4)Total expenses (219.4) (189.3) (199.6) (191.9) (800.2)Operating profit 150.6 206.4 175.1 109.5 641.7Adjusted operating profit 194.1 233.7 206.9 183.8 818.5Net financing income/(expense) (6.7) (9.9) (9.1) (4.6) (30.3) Results from Equity investments 7.3 3.1 1.2 1.7 13.4 Income tax (35.7) (52.0) (45.2) (27.9) (160.8)Tax rate 23.6% 26.1% 27.1% 26.2% 25.7%Non-controlling interests (2.9) (3.8) (3.1) (2.9) (12.7)Reported net income  share of the parent company shareholders 112.7 143.8 118.9 75.8 451.2 Adjusted net income  share of the parent company shareholders 144.6 164.4 143.2 129.5 581.7Volumes for the second quarter of 2022Cash marketsQ3 2022 Q3 2021 %var Number of trading days 66 66 Number of transactions (buy and sells  inc. reported trades) Total Cash Market 189 358 000 210 289 226 -10.0% ADV Cash Market 2 869 061 3 186 200 -10.0% Transaction value ( € million  single counted) Total Cash Market 633 536 716 794 -11.6% ADV Cash Market 9 599 10 861 -11.6% Listings Number of Issuers on Equities Euronext 1 943 1 918 +1.3% SMEs 1 561 1 488 +4.9% Number of Listed Securities Funds 2 847 3 116 -8.6% ETFs 3 759 3 260 +15.3% Bonds 52 712 52 180 +1.0% Capital raised on primary and secondary market Total Euronext  in €m Number of new equity listings 18 51 Money Raised - New equity listings (incl over allotment) 144 5 286 -97.3% Money Raised - Follow-ons on equities 4 766 37 723 -87.4% Money Raised - Bonds 172 750 336 154 -48.6% Total Money Raised 177 660 379 163 -53.1% of which SMEs Number of new equity listings 17 46 Money Raised - New equity listings (incl over allotment) 144 1 757 -91.8% Money Raised - Follow-ons on equities 1 879 2 102 -10.6% Money Raised - Bonds 169 691 -75.5% Total Money Raised 2 192 4 550 -51.8%Fixed income marketsQ3 2022 Q3 2021 % var Transaction value (€ million  single counted) MTS ADV MTS Cash 15 430 23 388 -34.0% TAADV MTS Repo 323 200 281 898 +14.7% Other fixed income ADV Fixed income 787 673 +16.9%FX marketsQ3 2022 Q3 2021 % var Number of trading days 66 66 FX volume ($m  single counted) Total Euronext FX 1 435 005 1 155 586 +24.2% ADV Euronext FX 21 743 17 509 +24.2%Power marketsQ3 2022 Q3 2021 % var Number of trading days 92 92 Power volume (in TWh) ADV Day-ahead Power Market 2.39 2.02 +18.5% ADV Intraday Power Market 0.10 0.06 +76.8%Derivatives marketsQ3 2022 Q3 2021 % var Number of trading days 66 66 Derivatives Volume (in lots) Equity 33 909 567 38 523 610 -12.0% Index 15 839 216 14 597 938 +8.5% Futures 10 352 237 9 865 105 +4.9% Options 5 486 979 4 732 833 +15.9% Individual Equity 18 070 351 23 925 672 -24.5% Futures 843 039 4 344 430 -80.6% Options 17 227 312 19 581 242 -12.0% Commodity 5 574 098 5 467 861 +1.9% Futures 4 883 356 4 848 475 +0.7% Options 690 742 619 386 +11.5% Total Euronext 39 483 665 43 991 471 -10.2% Total Futures 16 078 632 19 058 010 -15.6% Total Options 23 405 033 24 933 461 -6.1% Derivatives ADV (in lots) Equity 513 781 583 691 -12.0% Index 239 988 221 181 +8.5% Futures 156 852 149 471 +4.9% Options 83 136 71 710 +15.9% Individual Equity 273 793 362 510 -24.5% Futures 12 773 65 825 -80.6% Options 261 020 296 685 -12.0% Commodity 84 456 82 846 1.9% Futures 73 990 73 462 +0.7% Options 10 466 9 385 +11.5% Total Euronext 598 237 666 537 -2.6% Total Futures 243 616 288 758 -9.6% Total Options 354 622 377 780 +2.7%Derivatives open interest30 September 2022 30 September 2021 % var Open interest (in lots) Equity 26 554 341 23 391 581 13.5% Index 1 460 076 1 692 347 -13.72% Futures 640 765 785 129 -18.39% Options 819 311 907 218 -9.69% Individual Equity 25 094 265 21 699 234 15.65% Futures 581 797 1 915 961 -69.63% Options 24 512 468 19 783 273 23.91% Commodity 1 130 938 1 112 965 1.61% Futures 665 792 717 774 -7.24% Options 465 146 395 191 17.70% Total Euronext 27 685 279 24 504 546 12.98% Total Futures 1 888 354 3 418 864 -44.77% Total Options 25 796 925 21 085 682 22.34%1 Underlying revenue excludes €49.0 million non-underlying  one-off loss (€35 million post tax) related to the partial disposal of the Euronext Clearing portfolio. Please refer to the section on net treasury income section and https://www.euronext.com/en/investor-relations/financial-calendar/q2-2022-results for more details.2 Unless specified otherwise  percentages refer to Q3 2022 compared to Q3 2021.3 Definition in appendix – Adjusted for non-underlying operating expenses excluding D&A and non-underlying revenue and income.4 Definition in appendix.5 Basic weighted average number of shares at 106 652 256 for 9M 2022  9M 2021 basic outstanding shares at 92 447 841 shares.6 Like-for-like revenue at constant currencies for 2021 and 2022 excludes Euronext Funds360 and the activities acquired from Spafid by Euronext Securities  as well as related costs.7 Last twelve months reported EBITDA  including costs previously reported as exceptional items8 For the total adjustments performed please refer to the appendix of this press release9 For more details on the partial disposal of the portfolio  see Net treasury income section of this press release and the announcement of the portfolio re-allocation in the Q2 2022 results press release: https://www.euronext.com/en/investor-relations/financial-information/regulated-information-and-investor-news/euronext-212.10 Please refer to the Net treasury income section and https://www.euronext.com/en/investor-relations/financial-calendar/q2-2022-results for more details.11 Admission fees are recognised over a period of 3-5 years according to the principles of IFRS 15.12 According to FESE (Federation of European Securities Exchanges).Figures for money raised figures have been restated1 Source of the EBBO presence: BMLL14 In July 2022  Euronext Clearing reduced its investment portfolio with the aim of strengthening and preserving its available regulatory capital and aligning the investment strategy to the current level of market volatility and uncertainty. Euronext Clearing disposed of its portfolio maturing after 1st May 2023 and retained its short-term portfolio maturing through April 2023 and hold these to maturity. At the beginning of Q2 2023  Euronext Clearing will no longer hold an outright portfolio. Please refer to https://www.euronext.com/en/investor-relations/financial-calendar/q2-2022-results for more details.15 Pending regulatory approval16 Exchanges currently include Bitstamp  Bitfinex  BitFlyer  Bittrex  BinanceUS  Coinbase  Gemini  ItBit  Kraken  Lmax and Okcoin17 www.euronext.com/for-investors/financial-derivatives/total-return-futuresAttachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.2,0.38,0.42,True,English,"['Q3 2022 results', 'Euronext', 'Contacts Media Contact Investor Relations', 'new Euronext Tech Leaders segment', 'diversified Euronext Securities business model', '€0.3 million run-rate annual synergies', 'cumulated run-rate annual synergies', 'non -volume related business', 'leading pan-European market infrastructure', 'Italian capital market ecosystem', 'Borsa Italiana cash markets', 'Advanced Data Services revenue', 'Borsa Italiana Group acquisition', 'diversified business model', 'Euronext second quarter 2022 results', 'tough market conditions', 'Four new companies', 'MTS Cash volumes', 'efficient yield management', '18 new equity listings', 'parent company shareholders', 'cumulated implementation costs', 'lower cash equity', 'Non-volume related revenue', 'new listing framework', 'normalising settlement environment', 'Net financing expenses', 'Income tax rate', 'continued cost disciplin', 'underlying operating expenses', 'Euronext Clearing portfolio', 'Net treasury income', 'Q3 2022 underlying revenue', 'targeted synergies', 'leading venue', 'Italian issuers', 'underlying costs', 'Solid quarter', 'third quarter', 'Settlement revenue', 'inflationary environment', 'equity investments', 'operational expenses', 'Clearing revenue', 'Net debt', 'Continued delivery', 'Continued advancement', 'Listing revenue', 'cost discipline', '2022 cost guidance', 'debt listing', 'net income', 'Trading revenue', 'Post-trade revenue', 'strong performance', 'D&A', 'strong quarters', 'power trading', 'growing bonds', 'pre-tax loss', 'partial disposal', 'one-off loss', 'Key figures', 'two periods', 'global standards', 'first phase', 'share count', 'EBITDA margin', 'Q3 2022 results', 'Amsterdam', 'Brussels', 'Dublin', 'Lisbon', 'Milan', 'Oslo', 'Paris', '3 November', 'FX', 'derivatives', 'Custody', 'activity', 'resilience', 'launch', 'June', 'offering', 'Story', 'EPS', 'var', 'income1', 'end', 'September', 'integration', 'Italy', 'harmonisation', 'migration', 'Optiq ®', 'March', '70', '2.6', '26.2', '4']",2022-11-03,2022-11-03,finance.yahoo.com
12574,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/euronext-announces-financial-calendar-2023-164500563.html,Euronext announces its financial calendar for 2023,Contacts Media Contact Investor Relations Amsterdam +31 20 721 4133 Brussels +32 2 620 15 50 +33 1 70 48 24 27 Dublin +33 1 70 48 24 45 Lisbon +351 210 600...,"EuronextContacts Media Contact Investor Relations Amsterdam +31 20 721 4133 Brussels +32 2 620 15 50 +33 1 70 48 24 27 Dublin +33 1 70 48 24 45 Lisbon +351 210 600 614 Milan +39 02 72 42 62 12 Oslo +47 41 69 59 10 Paris +33 1 70 48 24 45Euronext announces its financial calendar for 2023Amsterdam  Brussels  Dublin  Lisbon  Milan  Oslo and Paris – 3 November 2022 –Euronext  the leading pan-European market infrastucture  today announced its financial calendar for 2023  set as follows:Full-year 202 2 results: Release on Thursday 9 February 2023  after market closing Analysts conference on Friday 10 February 2023  at 9.00am (CET) Quiet period from 20 January to 9 February 2023Q1 202 3 results: Release on Tuesday 16 May 2023  after market closing Analysts conference on Wednesday 17 May 2023  at 9.00am (CEST) Quiet period from 26 April to 16 May 2023Annual General Meeting of Shareholders: Wednesday 17 May 2023  at 10.30am (CEST)H1 202 3 results: Release on Thursday 27 July 2023  after market closing Analysts conference on Friday 28 July 2023  at 9.00am (CEST) Quiet period from 10 July to 27 July 2023Q 3 202 3 results: Release on Wednesday 8 November 2023  after market closing Analysts conference on Thursday 9 November 2023  at 9.00am (CET) Quiet period from 19 October to 8 November 2023All corporate information on Euronext  such as its financial statements or its investors presentations  is available on Euronext’s website in the Investors’ section: ( https://www.euronext.com/investors )ANALYSTS & INVESTORS – ir@euronext.comAurélie Cohen +33 1 70 48 24 27 ir@euronext.com Clément Kubiak +33 1 70 48 26 33 ir@euronext.comAbout EuronextEuronext is the leading pan-European market infrastructure  connecting European economies to global capital markets  to accelerate innovation and sustainable growth. It operates regulated exchanges in Belgium  France  Ireland  Italy  the Netherlands  Norway and Portugal. With close to 2 000 listed equity issuers and around €5.7 trillion in market capitalisation as of end September 2022  it has an unmatched blue chip franchise and a strong diverse domestic and international client base. Euronext operates regulated and transparent equity and derivatives markets  one of Europe’s leading electronic fixed income trading markets and is the largest centre for debt and funds listings in the world. Its total product offering includes Equities  FX  Exchange Traded Funds  Warrants & Certificates  Bonds  Derivatives  Commodities and Indices. The Group provides a multi-asset clearing house through Euronext Clearing  and custody and settlement services through Euronext Securities central securities depositories in Denmark  Italy  Norway and Portugal. Euronext also leverages its expertise in running markets by providing technology and managed services to third parties. In addition to its main regulated market  it also operates a number of junior markets  simplifying access to listing for SMEs.For the latest news  go to euronext.com or follow us on Twitter (twitter.com/euronext) and LinkedIn (linkedin.com/euronext).Story continuesDisclaimerThis press release is for information purposes only: it is not a recommendation to engage in investment activities and is provided “as is”  without representation or warranty of any kind. While all reasonable care has been taken to ensure the accuracy of the content  Euronext does not guarantee its accuracy or completeness. Euronext will not be held liable for any loss or damages of any nature ensuing from using  trusting or acting on information provided. No information set out or referred to in this publication may be regarded as creating any right or obligation. The creation of rights and obligations in respect of financial products that are traded on the exchanges operated by Euronext’s subsidiaries shall depend solely on the applicable rules of the market operator. All proprietary rights and interest in or connected with this publication shall vest in Euronext. This press release speaks only as of this date. Euronext refers to Euronext N.V. and its affiliates. Information regarding trademarks and intellectual property rights of Euronext is available at www.euronext.com/terms-use.© 2022  Euronext N.V. - All rights reserved.The Euronext Group processes your personal data in order to provide you with information about Euronext (the ""Purpose""). With regard to the processing of this personal data  Euronext will comply with its obligations under Regulation (EU) 2016/679 of the European Parliament and Council of 27 April 2016 (General Data Protection Regulation  “GDPR”)  and any applicable national laws  rules and regulations implementing the GDPR  as provided in its privacy statement available at: www.euronext.com/privacy-policy. In accordance with the applicable legislation you have rights with regard to the processing of your personal data: for more information on your rights  please refer to: www.euronext.com/data_subjects_rights_request_information. To make a request regarding the processing of your data or to unsubscribe from this press release service  please use our data subject request form at connect2.euronext.com/form/data-subjects-rights-request or email our Data Protection Officer at dpo@euronext.com.Attachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.17,0.15,0.68,True,English,"['financial calendar', 'Euronext', 'leading electronic fixed income trading markets', 'Contacts Media Contact Investor Relations', 'Euronext Securities central securities depositories', 'unmatched blue chip franchise', 'leading pan-European market infrastucture', 'leading pan-European market infrastructure', 'General Data Protection Regulation', 'Annual General Meeting', 'Aurélie Cohen', 'Clément Kubiak', 'strong diverse domestic', 'international client base', 'total product offering', 'global capital markets', '2,000 listed equity issuers', 'Exchange Traded Funds', 'multi-asset clearing house', 'applicable national laws', 'intellectual property rights', 'Euronext N.V.', 'main regulated market', 'The Euronext Group', 'The Group', 'junior markets', 'transparent equity', 'funds listings', 'applicable legislation', 'derivatives markets', 'personal data', 'market capitalisation', 'market operator', 'financial calendar', 'Quiet period', 'financial statements', 'European economies', 'sustainable growth', 'end September', 'largest centre', 'settlement services', 'managed services', 'third parties', 'latest news', 'press release', 'investment activities', 'reasonable care', 'financial products', 'European Parliament', 'privacy statement', 'Euronext Clearing', 'applicable rules', 'Analysts conference', 'Full-year 202 2 results', 'Q1 202 3 results', 'H1 202 3 results', 'Thursday 9 February', 'Friday 10 February', 'Tuesday 16 May', 'Thursday 27 July', 'Friday 28 July', 'Thursday 9 November', 'investors presentations', 'Investors’ section', 'regulated exchanges', 'proprietary rights', 'corporate information', 'information purposes', 'Wednesday 17 May', 'Wednesday 8 November', '3 November', '10 July', 'Amsterdam', 'Brussels', 'Dublin', 'Lisbon', 'Milan', 'Oslo', 'Paris', 'CET', '20 January', '9.00am', '26 April', 'Shareholders', '10.30am', 'CEST', '19 October', 'website', 'innovation', 'Belgium', 'France', 'Ireland', 'Italy', 'Netherlands', 'Norway', 'Portugal', 'close', 'debt', 'world', 'Equities', 'FX', 'Warrants', 'Certificates', 'Bonds', 'Commodities', 'Indices', 'custody', 'Denmark', 'expertise', 'technology', 'addition', 'number', 'access', 'SMEs', 'Twitter', 'LinkedIn', 'Story', 'Disclaimer', 'recommendation', 'representation', 'warranty', 'kind', 'accuracy', 'content', 'completeness', 'loss', 'damages', 'nature', 'publication', 'obligation', 'creation', 'respect', 'subsidiaries', 'interest', 'date', 'affiliates', 'trademarks', 'order', 'processing', 'Council', '27 April', 'GDPR', 'regulations', 'www', 'privacy-policy', 'accordance', 'regard', 'request', '70']",2022-11-03,2022-11-03,finance.yahoo.com
12575,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/biosenic-sa-information-total-number-060000551.html,BioSenic SA : Information on the total number of voting rights and shares,REGULATED INFORMATION Mont-Saint-Guibert  Belgium  November 3  2022  7am CEST – BIOSENIC (Euronext Brussels and Paris: BIOS)  the innovative company...,Bone Therapeutics SAREGULATED INFORMATIONMont-Saint-Guibert  Belgium  November 3  2022  7am CEST – BIOSENIC (Euronext Brussels and Paris: BIOS)  the innovative company addressing unmet medical needs in in the areas of innate immunity  inflammation and organ/function repair  today announces an increase in the total number of voting rights and shares as a result of the issuance of new shares following the conversion of convertible bonds (CBs) and the shares issued to Medsenic shareholders on 24 October 2022. The following information is published in accordance with Article 15 of the Belgian Law of 2 May 2007 on the publication of major shareholdings in issuers whose shares are admitted to trading on regulated market.Total amount of share capital on 29 September 2022 EUR 5 500 091 Total number of shares with voting rights on 29 September 2022 23 835 971 Total number of shares admitted to listing on 29 September 2022 23 835 971 Total number of new shares issued between 29 September 2022 and 31 October 2022 following the conversion of convertible bonds 3 127 449 Total number of new shares issued to Medsenic shareholders on 24 October 2022 90 668 594 (1)Total amount of share capital on 31 October 2022 EUR 33 100 669 Total number of shares with voting rights on 31 October 2022 117 632 014 Total number of voting rights (denominator) on 31 October 2022 117 632 014 Total number of shares admitted to listing on 31 October 2022 26 963 420 Total number of attributed warrants 1 197 554 Total number of convertible bonds outstanding 820 Total number of remaining CB commitments 60 Total number of shares with voting rights that can be issued following the exercise of the attributed warrants and CB commitments  and the conversion of the convertible bonds 17 432 231 (2)(1)The new shares issued to Medsenic shareholders on 24 October 2022 are not yet listed.(2)1 197 554 shares could be issued in case all 1 197 554 attributed warrants were exercised.285 714 shares could be issued in case all 800 convertible bonds outstanding  issued in the private placement on 6 May 2020  were converted into shares based on the predetermined conversion price of EUR 7.00.15 948 963 shares could be issued in case all 60 CB commitments subscribed and all 20 convertible bonds outstanding of the ABO CB program signed on 30 May 2022 were exercised and converted into shares based on the conversion price of EUR 0.2508 (95% of the Volume-Weighted-Averaged-Price of Bone Therapeutics’ shares on 31 October 2022).Story continuesAbout BioSenicBioSenic is a leading biotech company specializing in the development of clinical assets issued from: (i)  the allogeneic cell therapy platform ALLOB and (ii) the Arsenic TriOxide (ATO) platform. Key target indications for the platforms include Graft versus Host Disease (GvHD)  Systemic lupus erythematosus (SLE)  Systemic Sclerosis (SSc) and high-risk tibial fractures.Following the merger in October 2022  BioSenic combines the strategic positionings and strengths of Medsenic and Bone Therapeutics. The merger also enables Biosenic to add to its innovative cell therapy platform and strong IP for tissue repair protection with an entirely new arsenal of various anti-inflammatory and anti-autoimmune formulations using the immunomodulatory properties of ATO/OATO.BioSenic is based in the Louvain-la-Neuve Science Park in Mont-Saint-Guibert  Belgium. Further information is available at http://www.biosenic.com.About BioSenic technology platformsBioSenic’s technology is based on:1) The allogeneic cell and gene therapy platform  developed by Bone Therapeutics with differentiated bone marrow sourced Mesenchymal Stromal Cells (MSCs) that can be stored at the point of use in hospitals. Its current investigational medicinal product  ALLOB  represents a unique  proprietary approach to organ repair and specifically to bone regeneration  by turning undifferentiated stromal cells from healthy donors into bone-forming cells on the site of injury. These cells are produced via a proprietary BioSenic scalable manufacturing process. Following the CTA approval by regulatory authorities in Europe  the Company has initiated patient recruitment for the Phase IIb clinical trial with ALLOB in patients with difficult tibial fractures  using its optimized production process. ALLOB continues to be evaluated for other orthopedic indications including spinal fusion  osteotomy  maxillofacial and dental  and should be of value in new indications when cells will be further adapted or transformed with additional targeting properties.2) The Arsenic TriOxide (ATO) platform developed by Medsenic. The immunomodulatory properties of ATO have demonstrated a double basic effect on cells of the immune system. The first effect is the increase of the cell oxidative stress in activated B  T or other cells of the innate/adaptative immune system to the point they will enter a cell death program (apoptosis) and be eliminated. The second effect is potent immunomodulatory properties on several pro-inflammatory cytokines involved in inflammatory or autoimmune cell pathways. One direct application is its use in onco-immunology to treat GvHD (Graft-versus-Host Disease) in its chronic  established stage. GvHD is one of the most common and clinically significant complications affecting long-term survival of allogeneic hematopoietic stem cell transplantation (allo-SCT). GvHD is primarily mediated by the transplanted immune system that can lead to severe multiorgan damage. Medsenic had been successful in a Phase II trial with its intravenous formulation  allowing arsenic trioxide to be granted an orphan drug designation status by FDA and EMA and is heading towards an international Phase III confirmatory study  with a new  IP protected  oral (OATO) formulation.Moderate to Severe forms of Systemic Lupus erythematosus (SLE)° is another selected target  using the same oral formulation. ATO has shown good safety and significant clinical efficacy on several affected organs (skin  mucosae and the gastro-intestinal tract) in a phase IIa study.Systemic Sclerosis is  in addition  part of the clinical pipeline of BioSenic. Preclinical studies on pertinent animal models are positive. This gives good grounds to launch a Phase II clinical protocol for this serious disease that badly affects skin  lungs or vascularization  and with no actual current effective treatment.For further information  please contact:BioSenic SAFrançois Rieger  PhD  Chief Executive OfficerTel: +33 (0)671 73 31 59investorrelations@biosenic.comFor Belgian Media and Investor Enquiries:BepublicBert BouserieTel: +32 (0)488 40 44 77bert.bouserie@bepublicgroup.beInternational Media Enquiries:IB CommunicationsNeil Hunter / Michelle BoxallTel: +44 (0)20 8943 4685neil.hunter@ibcomms.agency / michelle@ibcomms.agencyFor French Media and Investor Enquiries:NewCap Investor Relations & Financial CommunicationsPierre Laurent  Louis-Victor Delouvrier and Arthur RouilléTel: +33 (0)1 44 71 94 94bone@newcap.euCertain statements  beliefs and opinions in this press release are forward-looking  which reflect the Company or  as appropriate  the Company directors’ current expectations and projections about future events. By their nature  forward-looking statements involve a number of risks  uncertainties and assumptions that could cause actual results or events to differ materially from those expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. These risks  uncertainties and assumptions could adversely affect the outcome and financial effects of the plans and events described herein. A multitude of factors including  but not limited to  changes in demand  competition and technology  can cause actual events  performance or results to differ significantly from any anticipated development. Forward looking statements contained in this press release regarding past trends or activities should not be taken as a representation that such trends or activities will continue in the future. As a result  the Company expressly disclaims any obligation or undertaking to release any update or revisions to any forward-looking statements in this press release as a result of any change in expectations or any change in events  conditions  assumptions or circumstances on which these forward-looking statements are based. Neither the Company nor its advisers or representatives nor any of its subsidiary undertakings or any such person’s officers or employees guarantees that the assumptions underlying such forward-looking statements are free from errors nor does either accept any responsibility for the future accuracy of the forward-looking statements contained in this press release or the actual occurrence of the forecasted developments. You should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements  which speak only as of the date of this press release.,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.09,0.91,True,English,"['BioSenic SA', 'total number', 'voting rights', 'Information', 'shares', 'proprietary BioSenic scalable manufacturing process', 'The Arsenic TriOxide (ATO) platform', 'current investigational medicinal product', 'Phase IIb clinical trial', 'allogeneic cell therapy platform', 'innovative cell therapy platform', 'gene therapy platform', 'unique, proprietary approach', 'optimized production process', 'cell oxidative stress', 'cell death program', 'unmet medical needs', 'high-risk tibial fractures', 'Louvain-la-Neuve Science Park', 'difficult tibial fractures', 'several pro-inflammatory cytokines', 'Key target indications', 'ABO CB program', 'Systemic lupus erythematosus', 'differentiated bone marrow', 'additional targeting properties', 'tissue repair protection', 'double basic effect', 'other orthopedic indications', 'Bone Therapeutics SA', 'leading biotech company', 'innate/adaptative immune system', 'Mesenchymal Stromal Cells', 'undifferentiated stromal cells', 'remaining CB commitments', 'potent immunomodulatory properties', 'Bone Therapeutics’ shares', 'BioSenic technology platforms', 'innovative company', 'clinical assets', '60 CB commitments', 'new indications', 'Systemic Sclerosis', 'bone regeneration', 'other cells', 'organ/function repair', 'organ repair', 'first effect', 'second effect', 'REGULATED INFORMATION', '7am CEST', 'Euronext Brussels', 'innate immunity', 'voting rights', 'convertible bonds', 'following information', 'Belgian Law', 'major shareholdings', 'regulated market', 'Total amount', 'share capital', 'private placement', 'Host Disease', 'strategic positionings', 'strong IP', 'new arsenal', 'various anti-inflammatory', 'anti-autoimmune formulations', 'Further information', 'healthy donors', 'CTA approval', 'regulatory authorities', 'patient recruitment', 'spinal fusion', 'activated B', 'bone-forming cells', 'total number', 'Medsenic shareholders', 'conversion price', 'new shares', '1,197,554 attributed warrants', '1,197,554 shares', '285,714 shares', '15,948,963 shares', 'Mont-Saint-Guibert', 'Belgium', 'Paris', 'areas', 'inflammation', 'increase', 'result', 'issuance', 'CBs', '24 October', 'accordance', 'Article', '2 May', 'publication', 'issuers', '29 September', '31 October', 'denominator', 'exercise', 'case', '6 May', '30 May', 'Volume-Weighted-Averaged-Price', 'Story', 'development', 'ALLOB', 'Graft', 'GvHD', 'SLE', 'SSc', 'merger', 'strengths', 'ATO/OATO', 'MSCs', 'point', 'use', 'hospitals', 'site', 'injury', 'Europe', 'patients', 'osteotomy', 'maxillofacial', 'dental', 'value', 'apoptosis']",2022-11-03,2022-11-03,finance.yahoo.com
12576,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/biophytis-reports-positive-post-hoc-072000870.html,Biophytis Reports Positive Post-hoc Analysis of The Phase 2-3 COVA Clinical Study Strongly Supporting Therapeutic Potential of Sarconeos (BIO101) In COVID-19,"Biophytis SA (NasdaqCM:BPTS)(Euronext Growth Paris:ALBPS) (the ""Company"" or ""Biophytis"")  a clinical-stage biotechnology company focused on the development...","A reduction in the risk of early death or respiratory failure at day 28 of 45% in the Intent-To-Treat (ITT) population and 53% in the Per Protocol (PP) populationA reduction in the risk of death at day 90 of 43% in the ITT population and 70% in the PP populationThe start of regulatory development of Sarconeos (BIO101) targeting conditional and emergency use marketing authorisations in 2023PARIS  FRANCE / CAMBRIDGE  MA / ACCESSWIRE / November 3  2022 / Biophytis SA (NasdaqCM:BPTS)(Euronext Growth Paris:ALBPS) (the ""Company"" or ""Biophytis"")  a clinical-stage biotechnology company focused on the development of therapeutics that slow the degenerative processes associated with aging  including severe respiratory failure in patients suffering from COVID-19  today released the full results from its phase 2-3 COVA clinical study evaluating Sarconeos (BIO101) in the treatment of COVID-19-related respiratory failure.The objective of the study was to investigate the efficacy and safety of Sarconeos (BIO101)  350 mg BID in hospitalized COVID-19 patients with hypoxemia  at risk of respiratory failure requiring high flow oxygen or mechanical ventilation  and death. The proportion and time to onset of these negative events were studied at 28 days in the primary analysis  corresponding to the maximum treatment period  with follow-up of mortality and safety for at least 90 days.The 233 treated patients (ITT population) were 63 years old on average  64% of the patients were male  recruited in centers in Europe  the US and Brazil between Q3 2020 and Q1 2022  infected with the main SARS-Cov-2 variants.The trial ended early before reaching the 310 patients originally planned  due to stalled recruitment. The sub-population of patients without major protocol deviations (PP sub-population) included 180 patients with similar baseline demographics and disease characteristics as the ITT population. Since the top line results of the study were reported and because the study was underpowered  post-hoc statistical analyses have been performed to re-estimate the effect of Sarconeos (BIO101) on the risk of early death or respiratory failure at day 28 (primary endpoint of the study) and death at day 90 in the ITT and PP populations.On respiratory failure or early death  post-hoc Kaplan-Meier analyses show a significant reduction with Sarconeos (BIO101) in the risk of early death or respiratory failure at day 28 by 45% (p=0.037) in the ITT population and by 53% (p=0.051) in the PP population. These post-hocstrongly strengthen the primary analysis that had shown significant differences over 28 days in the Kaplan Meier curves for BIO101 versus placebo  (p=0.034  see figure below)  and a strong trend when testing for difference at day 28 by using the pre-defined statistical model (primary end-point Cochran-Mantel-Haenszel test  p=0.071).fncls.ssp?fn=download2_file&code_str=076e43a1bcd79ea549b897d0e48abe7cOn mortality follow-up over 90 days  post hoc Kaplan-Meier analysis of the risk of death at day 90 was reduced with Sarconeos (BIO101) by 43% in the ITT population (p=0.076) and by 70% in the PP population (p=0.016). These analysis strongly strengthen the trend shown in the primary analysis with similar reduction of risk of death at day 28 which was not significant. The reduction in the risk of death at day 90 reflects the effect of Sarconeos (BIO101) on early death and respiratory failure during the maximum 28 days treatment period that translates efficiently and in the same proportion into a reduction in the risk of death later on.fncls.ssp?fn=download2_file&code_str=3cc9c32424b6803ec8c2bea9ffc93f15Sarconeos (BIO101) has a good safety profile  with a lower proportion of patients with adverse events compared to placebo (57% vs. 64%)  in particular a lower frequency of serious  mostly respiratory  adverse events (25% vs. 31%).The Company aims to present the results in detail as soon as possible during upcoming scientific conferences in the first half of 2023 and in a peer-reviewed scientific journal.Stanislas Veillet  CEO of Biophytis  said: ""These post-hoc analyses strongly supportthe therapeutic potential of Sarconeos (BIO101) in the treatment of hospitalized patients with severe COVID-19. The reduction in the risk of respiratory failure and death by more than 40% is impressive. These results exceed expectations about the effect size of BIO101 (expected 37.5% relative reduction vs. placebo) used in the sample size calculation of the study and commit us to further develop Sarconeos (BIO101) in this indication  giving hospitalized patients a therapeutic option while COVID-19 is becoming endemic. We will start sharing these results in the coming months with regulatory agencies and health authorities  particularly in Europe  the US and Brazil. The aim is to file for conditional marketing authorisation (Europe) and emergency use authorization (USA  Brazil) as soon as possible in 2023. I would like to sincerely thank all the patients  caregivers  employees  and finally the shareholders of Biophytis for their work  trust and dedication  throughout this study.""Convinced of the therapeutic potential of Sarconeos (BIO101)  Biophytis intends to offer this new therapeutic solution to hospitalized patients with severe COVID-19 as soon as possible. Biophytis will first amend and extend the Early Access Programme (EAP) to make Sarconeos (BIO101) available as soon as possible to hospitalized COVID-19 patients at risk of respiratory failure and death. An EAP has already been approved in the first half of 2022 in Brazil to treat intensive care patients  and applications will be made in other territories including the US and Europe. Biophytis will also start to prepare for filing in 2023 for Emergency Use Authorization (EUA) in the United States and Brazil and conditional marketing authorisation in Europe  depending on COVID-19 evolution.About the COVA studyAs a reminder  the COVA clinical study (identifier clinicaltrials.gov: NCT04472728) is an international  multi-centre  double-blind  placebo-controlled  group-sequential and adaptive two-part study. It is a phase 2-3 study evaluating Sarconeos (BIO101) in patients aged 45 years and older  hospitalised with severe respiratory manifestations of COVID-19. Part 1 of the COVA study is an exploratory Phase 2 proof-of-concept study designed to provide preliminary data on the safety  tolerability and efficacy of Sarconeos (BIO101) in 50 hospitalised patients with severe respiratory failure in patients suffering from COVID-19. Part 2 of the COVA study is a randomised phase 3 study investigating the safety and efficacy of Sarconeos (BIO101) on respiratory function in patients. Due to the evolution of the pandemia  the company decidedin April 2022 to stop enrolment at 237 enrolled patients  below the originally planned number of 310.About BIOPHYTISBiophytis SA is a clinical-stage biotechnology company specialized in the development of therapeutics that are aimed at slowing the degenerative processes associated with aging and improving functional outcomes for patients suffering from age-related diseases  including severe respiratory failure in patients suffering from COVID-19. Sarconeos (BIO101)  our leading drug candidate  is a small molecule  administered orally  planned to be developed as a treatment for sarcopenia in upcoming Phase 3 clinical trials in the United States  Brazil and Europe (SARA-31 and SARA-32). It has also been studied in a clinical two-part Phase 2-3 study (COVA) for the treatment of severe respiratory manifestations of COVID-19 in Europe  Latin America  and the US. A pediatric formulation of Sarconeos (BIO101) is being developed for thetreatment of Duchenne Muscular Dystrophy (DMD). The Company is based in Paris  France  and Cambridge  Massachusetts. The Company's ordinary shares are listed on Euronext Growth (Ticker: ALBPS -ISIN: FR0012816825) and ADSs (American Depositary Shares) are listed on Nasdaq Capital Market (Ticker BPTS - ISIN: US09076G1040). For more information visit www.biophytis.comDisclaimerThis press release contains forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements include all statements that are not historical facts. In some cases  you can identify these forward-looking statements by the use of words such as ""outlook "" ""believes "" ""expects "" ""potential "" ""continues "" ""may "" ""will "" ""should "" ""could "" ""seeks "" ""predicts "" ""intends "" ""trends "" ""plans "" ""estimates "" ""anticipates"" or the negative version of these words or other comparable words. Such forward-looking statements are based on assumptions that Biophytis considers to be reasonable. However  there can be no assurance that the statements contained in such forward-looking statements will be verified  which are subject to various risks and uncertainties. The forward-looking statements contained in this press release are also subject to risks not yet known to Biophytis or not currently considered material by Biophytis. Accordingly  there are or will be important factors that could cause actual outcomes or results to differ materially from those indicated in these statements. Please also refer to the ""Risk and uncertainties the Company is to face"" section from the Company's 2021 Half Year Financial Report available on BIOPHYTIS website (www.biophytis.com) and as exposed in the ""Risk Factors"" section of form 20-F as well as other forms filed with the SEC (Securities and Exchange Commission  USA). We undertake no obligation to publicly update or review any forward-looking statement  whether as a result of new information  future developments or otherwise  except as required by law.Biophytis Contact for Investor RelationsPhilippe Rousseau CFOInvestors@biophytis.comMedia ContactsAntoine Denry: antoine.denry@taddeo.fr +33 6 18 07 83 27Agathe Boggio: agathe.boggio@taddeo.fr +33 7 62 77 69 42View source version on accesswire.com:https://www.accesswire.com/723707/Biophytis-Reports-Positive-Post-hoc-Analysis-of-The-Phase-2-3-COVA-Clinical-Study-Strongly-Supporting-Therapeutic-Potential-of-Sarconeos-BIO101-In-COVID-19",neutral,0.06,0.93,0.01,mixed,0.13,0.06,0.81,True,English,"['Phase 2-3 COVA Clinical Study', 'Positive Post-hoc Analysis', 'Therapeutic Potential', 'Biophytis', 'Sarconeos', 'COVID', 'emergency use marketing authorisations', 'maximum 28 days treatment period', 'emergency use authorization', 'maximum treatment period', 'high flow oxygen', 'main SARS-Cov-2 variants', 'Kaplan Meier curves', 'upcoming scientific conferences', 'peer-reviewed scientific journal', 'major protocol deviations', 'similar baseline demographics', 'sample size calculation', 'conditional marketing authorisation', 'Euronext Growth Paris', 'clinical-stage biotechnology company', 'good safety profile', 'top line results', 'COVID-19-related respiratory failure', 'post-hoc statistical analyses', 'COVA clinical study', 'respiratory, adverse events', 'severe respiratory failure', 'hospitalized COVID-19 patients', 'post-hoc analyses', 'Per Protocol', 'statistical model', 'negative events', 'PP) population', 'PP population', 'degenerative processes', '350 mg BID', 'mechanical ventilation', 'disease characteristics', 'primary endpoint', 'significant differences', 'primary end-point', 'Cochran-Mantel-Haenszel test', 'lower frequency', 'The Company', 'first half', 'Stanislas Veillet', 'therapeutic potential', 'therapeutic option', 'coming months', 'regulatory agencies', 'health authorities', 'similar reduction', 'ITT population', 'severe COVID', 'effect size', 'primary analysis', 'Kaplan-Meier analysis', 'hospitalized patients', 'same proportion', 'lower proportion', 'full results', 'regulatory development', 'PP sub-population', 'strong trend', '233 treated patients', 'early death', 'significant reduction', '37.5% relative reduction', 'Biophytis SA', 'mortality follow-up', '90 days', '310 patients', '180 patients', 'risk', 'start', 'Sarconeos', 'BIO101', 'FRANCE', 'CAMBRIDGE', 'ACCESSWIRE', 'November', 'ALBPS', 'therapeutics', 'aging', 'phase', '2-3', 'objective', 'efficacy', 'hypoxemia', 'time', 'onset', 'centers', 'Europe', 'Brazil', 'Q3', 'Q1', 'trial', 'recruitment', 'placebo', 'figure', 'detail', 'CEO', 'expectations', 'indication', 'aim', 'USA', 'caregivers', 'employees', 'shareholders', 'work', 'trust', 'dedication', '64']",2022-11-03,2022-11-03,finance.yahoo.com
12577,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/pcas-net-sales-september-30-170000563.html,PCAS: NET SALES AS OF SEPTEMBER 30  2022,Ecully  November 3  2022 NET SALES AS OF SEPTEMBER 30  2022 PCAS (Euronext Paris: PCA)  a specialist in developing and producing complex molecules for life...,PCASEcully  November 3  2022NET SALES AS OF SEPTEMBER 30  2022PCAS (Euronext Paris: PCA)  a specialist in developing and producing complex molecules for life sciences and innovative technologies  has announced the publication of its consolidated net sales as of September 30  2022.The PCAS Group has generated consolidated net sales of €156.1 million as of September 30  2022  a 9.6% increase compared to the same period during the previous financial year (+7.1% at constant exchange rates).In millions of euros 2022 2021 % change 2022 At a constant exchange rate % change Net sales as of 30 September 156.1 142.4 9.6% 152.5 7.1% Pharmaceutical Synthesis 94.3 93.2 1.3% 92.7 -0.5% Fine Specialty Chemicals 61.8 49.2 25.4% 59.8 21.4%Pharmaceutical SynthesisThe Pharmaceutical Synthesis business generated sales of €94.3 million  a 1.3% increase compared to 2021 (a 0.5% decrease at a constant exchange rate). Third-quarter revenue was up sharply compared to 2021  driven by the sales of Estetrol to Mithra  a favorable EUR/USD exchange rate and the effect of price increases implemented in the past few months to offset the very significant rise in raw material and energy costs. Momentum remained very strong at the Turku site  while activity linked to R&D and intermediates was significantly lower compared to 2021.Fine Specialty ChemicalsNet sales of Fine Specialty Chemicals totaled €61.8 million  a 25.4% increase compared to 2021 (+21.4% at a constant exchange rate). Activity held up well in the third quarter  with continued strong demand for Electronics and Cosmetics  and positive trends in Lubricants and Fine Chemicals. The rise in the costs of raw materials and energy were passed on downstream and contributed to the growth in net sales.OutlookThe PCAS Group will still generate a significant loss in 2022 due to a level of activity which remains insufficient at several Pharmaceutical Synthesis sites to cover the level of fixed costs and by inventory depreciations linked to non-compliant products.Story continuesAll the PCAS Group teams  with the support of its majority shareholder Seqens for the financing of its activities and its development  remain fully committed to returning to positive results in 2023  helped by gradual growth in Estetrol volumes for Mithra.NEXT FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE:2022 Net sales  February 3  2023ABOUT PCASPCAS specializes in the development and production of complex molecules for life sciences and innovative technologies. With about 12% of its net sales earmarked for R&D and a large international footprint  PCAS is the preferred industrial partner for market-leading major global groups. Boasting especially high standards  the company offers a growing range of proprietary products and solutions in leading-edge segments. PCAS generated net sales of €187.0 million in 2021 and employs nearly 1100 people in six countries.To find out more about PCAS: www.pcas.comPCAS NewCapPhilippe Clavel / Eric MoissenotEmmanuel Huynh / Louis-Victor Delouvrier NewCapFinancial communication and investor relations Tel.: +33 1 69 79 60 00www.pcas.com Tel.: +33 1 44 71 98 53pcas@newcap.euAttachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.7,0.05,0.24,True,English,"['PCAS', 'SALES', 'SEPTEMBER', 'market-leading major global groups', 'favorable EUR/USD exchange rate', 'constant exchange rate % change', 'several Pharmaceutical Synthesis sites', 'The Pharmaceutical Synthesis business', 'constant exchange rates', 'majority shareholder Seqens', 'large international footprint', 'preferred industrial partner', 'previous financial year', 'NEXT FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE', 'Fine Specialty Chemicals', 'Louis-Victor Delouvrier NewCap', 'The PCAS Group', 'PCAS Group teams', 'consolidated net sales', 'Fine Chemicals', 'Financial communication', 'PCAS NewCap', 'Euronext Paris', 'complex molecules', 'life sciences', 'innovative technologies', 'same period', 'Third-quarter revenue', 'price increases', 'raw material', 'Turku site', 'R&D', 'third quarter', 'strong demand', 'positive trends', 'significant loss', 'inventory depreciations', 'compliant products', 'positive results', 'high standards', 'growing range', 'proprietary products', 'leading-edge segments', 'six countries', 'Philippe Clavel', 'Eric Moissenot', 'Emmanuel Huynh', 'investor relations', 'ABOUT PCAS', 'fixed costs', 'significant rise', 'gradual growth', 'Estetrol volumes', 'energy costs', 'Ecully', 'SEPTEMBER', 'specialist', 'publication', '9.6% increase', 'millions', 'euros', '1.3% increase', '0.5% decrease', 'Mithra', 'effect', 'past', 'months', 'Momentum', 'activity', 'intermediates', '25.4% increase', 'continued', 'Electronics', 'Cosmetics', 'Lubricants', 'downstream', 'Outlook', 'level', 'Story', 'support', 'financing', 'activities', 'development', 'February', 'production', 'company', 'solutions', '1100 people', 'Tel', 'Attachment', '33 1 69']",2022-11-03,2022-11-03,finance.yahoo.com
12578,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/veon-publishes-q3-2022-trading-060000839.html,VEON publishes Q3 2022 trading update,Strong revenue performance gaining market share as countries execute digital operator strategy Amsterdam  3 November 2022 – VEON Ltd. (NASDAQ: VEON  Euronext...,"VEON Ltd.Strong revenue performance gaining market share as countries execute digital operator strategyAmsterdam  3 November 2022 – VEON Ltd. (NASDAQ: VEON  Euronext Amsterdam: VEON)  a global digital operator that provides converged connectivity and online services  announces a trading update for the third quarter and nine months ended 30 September 2022  including selected financial and operating results:In 3Q22  VEON recorded USD 2 077 million in total revenues  representing +3.6% YoY growth in reported currency (+3.4% YoY in local currency). Service revenues saw a +7.9% YoY increase in reported currency (+7.8% YoY in local currency) and reached USD 1 968 million. EBITDA of USD 889 million was flat YoY both in reported currency (0.0% YoY) and local currency (+0.7% YoY). Capex of USD 404 million was 6.0% higher than in 3Q21  whilst capex intensity was 3.6 p.p. lower than last year (21.6%). Total cash and cash equivalents were USD 3.3 billion  with USD 2.6 billion held at the HQ level.Commenting on the results  Kaan Terzioğlu said:“In the third quarter we demonstrated once again the resilience of VEON Group  as our focus on 4G penetration and the digital operator strategy continued to deliver growth despite unprecedented macroeconomic and geopolitical challenges. This quarter  4G users saw a 15.1% year-over-year increase  reaching 52.7% of our customer base  moving closer to our target of 70% 4G penetration. Growth in subscribers  higher 4G penetration and an expanded portfolio of digital services are driving solid revenue performance across our countries  while inflationary pricing and good cost management have enabled us to withstand tough headwinds  such as rising energy costs  changing tax regimes  natural disasters in Pakistan and the humanitarian crisis in Ukraine.We continue to focus on our core priorities of protecting our people and delivering the essential humanitarian services of communication and connectivity. In line with our commitment to ensuring the long-term stability of the business  we have also further strengthened our liquidity position  with USD 3.3 billion in cash at the end of 3Q22  of which USD 2.6 billion was held at HQ level.“Story continues3Q 2022 highlights:Revenue of USD 2 077 million  +3.6% YoY (+3.4% YoY in local currency)Service revenue of 1 968 million  +7.9% YoY (+7.8% YoY in local currency)EBITDA of USD 889 million  0.0% YoY (+0.7% YoY in local currency)Capex of USD 404 million  capex intensity -3.6p.p. YoYNet debt / EBITDA of 2.41x versus 2.51x in 3Q21Total cash and cash equivalents of USD 3.3 billion  with USD 2.6 billion at Headquarters203 million mobile subscribers  up 0.8% YoY107 million 4G users  up 15.1% YoY  with 52.7% penetration of customer baseFor 3Q22  VEON reported revenue growth in both reported and local currency  as well as stronger liquidity  with Group cash and cash equivalents of USD 3.3 billion as of 30 September 2022.Group revenues increased by 3.6% YoY in reported currency terms (+3.4% in local currency). Growth in service revenues  up 7.9% in reported currency terms (+7.8% in local currency)  was a key driver of the Group’s strong revenue performance. Non telecom related revenues in Russia continued to decline and constituted 7.9% of total Group reported revenue in 3Q22 versus 10.4% in 3Q21.In 3Q22  Group EBITDA was flat YoY in reported currency terms (+0.7% in local currency)  with Group EBITDA margin of 42.8% (-1.5 p.p. YoY). To protect the profitability margins of the business  we remain focused on implementing planned cost-efficiency measures across the Group and on implementing inflationary pricing.Group EBITDA YoY performance was impacted by a number of extraordinary non-recurring items in 3Q22 and in 3Q21  as noted in the Country Performance section. Excluding these one-off items  Group EBITDA increased 1.9% YoY in local currency.In 3Q22  we reported growth of 0.8% YoY in our subscriber base. The Group continued to focus on the overall customer experience in our 4G networks.This supported the 15.1% YoY increase in our 4G users  which reached 107.1 million  with 14.1 million users added over the previous 12 months. 4G subscribers now account for 52.7% of our total subscriber base  up 6.5 p.p. from a year ago.On the back of our growing 4G penetration  we have been able to expand our digital operator offerings across our operations. This has driven the growth of our multiplay customer base (+24.5% YoY)  which reached 33.4 million during 3Q22. Multiplay customer ARPU is 4.3 times higher and churn is 2.4 times lower than single play voice-only customers.Our financial services business in Pakistan  JazzCash  ended the quarter with 16.7 million MAUs  an increase of 20.0% YoY. In Bangladesh  our streaming business  Toffee  achieved the 7.0 million MAUs milestone (+11.0% YoY) with 3.3 million average daily users (+55.1% YoY) in 3Q22.Group capex was USD 404 million  driven in particular by increased network investment in Ukraine  Kazakhstan  Bangladesh and Uzbekistan  in line with our growth strategy. At 21.6%  capex intensity continues to decrease (-3.6 p.p. YoY).We closed the quarter with total cash of USD 3.3 billion  including USD 2.6 billion at the HQ level. Our operations are largely self-funding and do not require financing from the HQ to fund their operations  including capex.In Ukraine  the team continued to keep the country connected  with around 90% of our radio network operational at quarter end. However  recent damage to Ukrainian power infrastructure has had an impact on network availability. Kyivstar’s revenues were up 5.2% in local currency (-18.8% YoY in reported currency) as the weakness in the Ukrainian hryvnia negatively impacted reported growth rates. Kyivstar’s 4G customer base grew 4.7% YoY  and our customers consumed more data  with usage rising 29.7% YoY. EBITDA was down 10.7% YoY in local currency (-31.1% in reported currency) in 3Q22. EBITDA performance was impacted by the change in revenue mix impacting margins  operational cost pressures  indexation of frequency fees  and by charitable donations and the staff care program  as Kyivstar continues to support its employees and the community.Russia reported a 3Q22 revenue decrease of 6.1% YoY in local currency (+16.1% YoY in reported currency). Revenue was impacted by a 58.5% decline in equipment revenue due to lower device sales  while the YoY strength of the Russian ruble supported the growth in reported financial performance. 3Q22 mobile service revenue was up 2.1% YoY in local currency  as the continued growth in the 4G customer base drove mobile data revenue higher by 7.5% YoY in local currency. In Russia  EBITDA increased 7.3% in local currency (+32.7% YoY in reported currency). This marks the sixth consecutive quarter of EBITDA YoY growth in local currency.Pakistan revenues increased 12.0% YoY in local currency (-17.1% YoY in reported currency)  driven by strong growth in data revenue  despite the negative impact of the increase in withholding tax from 10% to 15% on 16 January 2022 and the further reduction in mobile termination rates in 2H22. The Jazz team continued to deliver balanced growth in subscriber base (+5.0% YoY) and ARPU (+4.3% YoY) in 3Q22. The weakness in the Pakistani rupee negatively impacted financial performance in reported currency. EBITDA in Pakistan declined 6.8% in local currency (-30.8%YoY in reported currency).In Kazakhstan  revenues increased 23.1% YoY in local currency (+10.3% in reported currency)  another quarter of strong growth supported by further expansion of our mobile customer base (+7.3% YoY)  higher data usage (+18.8% YoY) and inflationary pricing of tariffs. This was the sixth consecutive quarter of local-currency revenue YoY growth in excess of 20%  while Beeline reached 69% 4G penetration in the customer base (+7.0 p.p. YoY). EBITDA increased 9.2% in local currency terms (-2.2% in reported currency).In Bangladesh  Banglalink’s revenues increased 11.6% YoY in local currency (-1.4% YoY in reported currency). This was the second quarter of double-digit local currency revenue growth. Banglalink’s execution of its digital operator strategy  4G focus and nation-wide expansion continues to deliver results  increasing the number of data and  in particular  4G users  driving growth in data consumption. Banglalink demonstrated balanced expansion of its subscriber base (+6.4% YoY) and ARPU (+5.4% YoY) in 3Q22. EBITDA decreased 2.1% in local currency (-13.4% in reported currency).In Uzbekistan  revenues increased 22.4% YoY in local currency (+19.2% in reported currency)  a fifth consecutive quarter of double-digit local-currency revenue growth and a third consecutive quarter of local-currency revenue growth above 20%. This was driven by a 35% YoY expansion in the 4G subscriber base  and a solid increase in data revenues  which were 40.0% higher YoY. EBITDA in Uzbekistan increased 7.9% in local currency (+5.0% in reported currency).Key recent developments:VEON Ltd. announces it is conducting a sales process for its Russian operations . On 2 November 2022  VEON announced that it is conducting a competitive sales process in relation to its Russian operations  while exploring options in an effort to ensure that an optimal outcome is achieved for all relevant stakeholders  including VEON  its Russian operations  its shareholders  its creditors  its customers and its employees working both in and outside of Russia.VEON appoints Matthieu Galvani as Chief Corporate Affairs Officer . On 17 October 2022  VEON announced the appointment of Matthieu Galvani as Chief Corporate Affairs Officer. Galvani is responsible for VEON’s corporate affairs strategy and public profile  working across all aspects of government relations and communications  as well as leading VEON’s environmental  social and governance initiatives. He reports to VEON Group CEO Kaan Terzioglu and joined the Group Executive Committee.Invitation to holders of 2023 Notes to contact VEON Ltd. On 14 October 2022  VEON announced that it would like to identify beneficial holders of interests in the 5.950% USD-denominated notes due February 2023 and the 7.250% USD-denominated notes due April 2023 of VEON’s subsidiary VEON Holdings B.V. (collectively the “2023 Notes”) with a view to commencing discussions with such holders. Holders of the 2023 Notes were therefore invited to contact VEON Ltd. at their earliest convenience.VEON Ltd. is unable to engage with any holders of 2023 Notes who are designated or otherwise subject to asset freezes or equivalent blocking restrictions under EU  UK  US or other applicable sanctions regimes. Accordingly  such holders should not contact VEON Ltd.NASDAQ grants VEON extension until 3 April 2023 to comply with minimum share price requirement . On 5 October 2022  VEON announced that the Listing Qualifications Department of The Nasdaq Stock Market (""Nasdaq"") had granted VEON an additional 180 calendar day grace period to comply with the minimum share price requirement.VEON Group CEO share award . On 23 September 2022  VEON announced a share award to Group CEO Kaan Terzioglu. The award of 5 231 771 shares were issued with a grant date of 1 October 2022. The first 1 569 531 shares vested on the grant date of 1 October 2022 and the balance of 3 662 240 shares will vest on 1 September 2023.Kyivstar invests in Helsi  sets out to provide digital health services for Ukraine . On 16 August 2022  VEON announced that its subsidiary in Ukraine  Kyivstar  plans to launch a national digital health service that will be available to all Ukrainians as part of the country’s Digital Ukraine strategy. Kyivstar invested in Helsi Ukraine  the country’s largest medical information system and leading digital healthcare providers.VEON completes the sale of Djezzy  receiving USD 682 million. On 5 August 2022  VEON announced that it had received approximately USD 682 million following the completion of the sale of its stake in Djezzy Algeria. This transaction follows VEON’s previously announced strategy to streamline its portfolio.Additional informationView the full 3Q22 trading updateView 3Q22 trading update presentationAbout VEONVEON is a global digital operator that provides converged connectivity and online services to over 200 million customers in seven high-growth markets. We are transforming people’s lives  empowering individuals  creating opportunities for greater digital inclusion and driving economic growth across countries that are home to more than 8% of the world’s population. Headquartered in Amsterdam  VEON is listed on NASDAQ and Euronext.For more information visit: https://www.veon.com .Notice to reader: impact of conflictThe ongoing conflict between Russia and Ukraine and the sanctions imposed by the United States  member states of the European Union  the European Union itself  the United Kingdom  Ukraine and certain other nations  counter-sanctions by Russia and other legal and regulatory responses  as well as responses by our service providers  partners  suppliers and other counterparties  and the consequences of all of the foregoing have impacted and  if the conflict  sanctions and such responses continue or escalate  may significantly impact our results and aspects of our operations in Russia and Ukraine  and may significantly affect our results and aspects of our operations in the other countries in which we operate. We are closely monitoring events in Russia and Ukraine  as well as the possibility of the imposition of further sanctions in connection with the ongoing conflict between Russia and Ukraine and any resulting further rise in tensions between Russia and the United States  the United Kingdom and/or the European Union. We hope that there will be a peaceful and amicable resolution and are doing everything we can to protect the safety of our employees  while continuing to ensure the uninterrupted operation of our communications  financial and digital services.The broad nature of the financial sanctions targeted at the Russian financial system  including several banks that have historically provided funding to the Company  the comprehensive sanctions on investment and vendors in Russia and the ongoing conflict between Russia and Ukraine may have a material impact on the Company’s operations and business plans in Russia and Ukraine. Over the next few months  we will be undertaking our annual assessment as required by IFRS to determine the potential need for further impairment charges  which is not as of yet determinable due to a number of factors  including the fluidity of the current situation and our ability to obtain relevant data required to build a business plan given the ongoing conflict and associated uncertainties. We may report significant impairment charges with respect to assets in Ukraine  Russia and/or other operating companies for the nine-months ended 30 September 2022. However  we are still gathering the necessary data and we are not able at this time to estimate the amount or range of this potential impairment charge to the income statement. Such an impairment charge  if any  would have no impact on the Company’s cash flow. It is possible further impairment charges may rise to such a level on an accounting basis as to require additional analysis of true asset values in order to determine the true value of assets to be compared to liabilities as outlined in the provisions of our debt agreements.DisclaimerVEON’s results presented in this trading update are  unless otherwise stated  based on IFRS and have not been externally reviewed and audited. The financial information included in this trading update is preliminary and is based on a number of assumptions that are subject to inherent uncertainties and subject to change. The financial information presented herein is based on internal management accounts  is the responsibility of management and is subject to financial closing procedures which have not yet been completed and has not been audited  reviewed or verified. Certain amounts and percentages that appear in this trading update have been subject to rounding adjustments. As a result  certain numerical figures shown as totals  including those in the tables  may not be an exact arithmetic aggregation of the figures that precede or follow them. Although we believe the information to be reasonable  actual results may vary from the information contained above and such variations could be material. As such  you should not place undue reliance on this information. This information may not be indicative of the actual results for the current period or any future period.This trading update contains “forward-looking statements”  as the phrase is defined in Section 27A of the U.S. Securities Act of 1933  as amended  and Section 21E of the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934  as amended. These forward-looking statements may be identified by words such as “may ” “might ” “will ” “could ” “would ” “should ” “expect ” “plan ” “anticipate ” “intend ” “seek ” “believe ” “estimate ” “predict ” “potential ” “continue ” “contemplate ” “possible” and other similar words. Forward-looking statements include statements relating to  among other things  VEON’s plans to implement its strategic priorities  including operating model and development plans; anticipated performance  including VEON’s ability to generate sufficient cash flow; VEON’s assessment of the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on its current and future operations and financial condition; VEON’s assessment of the impact of the conflict surrounding Russia and Ukraine  including related sanctions and counter-sanctions  on its current and future operations and financial condition; future market developments and trends; operational and network development and network investment  including expectations regarding the roll-out and benefits of 3G/4G/LTE networks  as applicable; spectrum acquisitions and renewals; the effect of the acquisition of additional spectrum on customer experience; VEON’s ability to realize the acquisition and disposition of any of its businesses and assets and to execute its strategic transactions in the timeframes anticipated  or at all; VEON’s ability to realize financial improvements  including an expected reduction of net pro-forma leverage ratio following the successful completion of certain dispositions and acquisitions; our dividends; VEON’s intent to proceed with and conclude a sales process with respect to its Russian operations; and VEON’s ability to realize its targets and commercial initiatives in its various countries of operation.The forward-looking statements included in this trading update are based on management’s best assessment of VEON’s strategic and financial position and of future market conditions  trends and other potential developments. These discussions involve risks and uncertainties. The actual outcome may differ materially from these statements as a result of  among other things: further escalation in the conflict surrounding Russia and Ukraine  including further sanctions and counter-sanctions and any related involuntary deconsolidation of our Russian and/or Ukrainian operations; further unanticipated developments related to the COVID-19 pandemic  such as the effect on consumer spending  that has negatively affected VEON’s operations and financial condition in the past; demand for and market acceptance of VEON’s products and services; our plans regarding our dividend payments and policies  as well as our ability to receive dividends  distributions  loans  transfers or other payments or guarantees from our subsidiaries; continued volatility in the economies in VEON’s markets; governmental regulation of the telecommunications industries; general political uncertainties in VEON’s markets; government investigations or other regulatory actions; litigation or disputes with third parties or regulatory authorities or other negative developments regarding such parties; the impact of export controls and laws affecting trade and investment on our and important third-party suppliers' ability to procure goods  software or technology necessary for the services we provide to our customers; risks associated with data protection or cyber security  other risks beyond the parties’ control or a failure to meet expectations regarding various strategic priorities  the effect of foreign currency fluctuations  increased competition in the markets in which VEON operates and the effect of consumer taxes on the purchasing activities of consumers of VEON’s services.Certain other factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those discussed in any forward-looking statements include the risk factors described in VEON’s Annual Report on Form 20-F for the year ended 31 December 2021 filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”) on 29 April 2022 and other public filings made from time to time by VEON with the SEC. Other unknown or unpredictable factors also could harm our future results. New risk factors and uncertainties emerge from time to time and it is not possible for our management to predict all risk factors and uncertainties  nor can we assess the impact of all factors on our business or the extent to which any factor  or combination of factors  may cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking statements. Under no circumstances should the inclusion of such forward-looking statements in this press release be regarded as a representation or warranty by us or any other person with respect to the achievement of results set out in such statements or that the underlying assumptions used will in fact be the case. Therefore  you are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements. The forward-looking statements speak only as of the date hereof. We cannot assure you that any projected results or events will be achieved. Except to the extent required by law  we disclaim any obligation to update or revise any of these forward-looking statements  whether as a result of new information  future events or otherwise  after the date on which the statements are made  or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events.There can be no assurance that the sales process mentioned above will result in an acceptable offer or  even if an acceptable offer is obtained and results in an acquisition agreement being reached  that the requisite approvals will be received.As of today  VEON has not committed to anything with regards to its Russian operations  nor can it be certain that any of the options that may be considered will be completed  or the terms of any such option or potential sale would receive required Board  regulatory and any necessary creditor approvals.Furthermore  elements of this release contain or may contain  “inside information” as defined under the Market Abuse Regulation (EU) No. 596/2014.Contact InformationVEONInvestor RelationsNik Kershawir@veon.com",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.5,0.32,0.18,True,English,"['Q3 2022 trading update', 'VEON', 'single play voice-only customers', 'Non telecom related revenues', '3.3 million average daily users', 'Country Performance section', 'Kaan Terzioğlu', 'good cost management', 'rising energy costs', 'Group EBITDA YoY performance', 'global digital operator', 'digital operator offerings', 'extraordinary non-recurring items', 'digital operator strategy', 'overall customer experience', 'Strong revenue performance', 'solid revenue performance', '7.0 million MAUs milestone', 'essential humanitarian services', '203 million mobile subscribers', '107 million 4G users', 'higher 4G penetration', 'growing 4G penetration', 'multiplay customer base', 'total subscriber base', 'Group EBITDA margin', 'financial services business', '14.1 million users', '16.7 million MAUs', 'digital services', 'total revenues', '70% 4G penetration', 'online services', 'humanitarian crisis', 'one-off items', 'Group revenues', 'Service revenues', '4G networks', '4G subscribers', 'total Group', 'The Group', 'Total cash', 'growth strategy', 'market share', 'trading update', 'nine months', 'last year', 'HQ level', 'unprecedented macroeconomic', 'geopolitical challenges', 'expanded portfolio', 'inflationary pricing', 'tough headwinds', 'tax regimes', 'natural disasters', 'core priorities', 'long-term stability', 'liquidity position', '3Q 2022 highlights', 'Net debt', 'stronger liquidity', 'key driver', 'profitability margins', 'cost-efficiency measures', 'previous 12 months', 'network investment', 'Group cash', 'cash equivalents', 'local currency', 'currency terms', 'year increase', 'streaming business', 'third quarter', 'Group capex', 'revenue growth', 'VEON Group', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'converged connectivity', 'operating results', 'capex intensity', 'VEON Ltd', '+7.9% YoY increase', '15.1% YoY increase', '+3.6% YoY growth', '52.7% penetration', '0.8% YoY', '5% YoY', 'countries', 'NASDAQ', '3Q22', '3Q21', 'USD', 'resilience', 'focus', 'target', 'Pakistan', 'Ukraine', 'people', 'communication', 'commitment', 'end', 'Story', 'Headquarters', '30 September', 'Russia', 'number', 'back', 'operations', 'ARPU', 'JazzCash', 'Bangladesh', 'Toffee', 'Kazakhstan']",2022-11-03,2022-11-03,finance.yahoo.com
12579,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/wolters-kluwer-divestiture-proceed-following-160000527.html,Wolters Kluwer divestiture to proceed following Spanish regulatory clearance,Wolters Kluwer divestiture to proceed following Spanish regulatory clearance November 3  2022 – Wolters Kluwer Legal & Regulatory announces today that the...,Wolters Kluwer divestiture to proceed following Spanish regulatory clearanceNovember 3  2022 – Wolters Kluwer Legal & Regulatory announces today that the Spanish Antitrust Authority has given Karnov Group clearance to acquire the legal information assets of Wolters Kluwer and Thomson Reuters in Spain.Therefore  the transaction announced on December 9  2021  whereby Wolters Kluwer will divest its legal information units in France and Spain to Karnov can proceed. The transaction is expected to close on November 30  2022.The assets to be sold by Wolters Kluwer generated revenues of €85 million in 2021 (10% of Legal & Regulatory division revenues) and were profitable. Wolters Kluwer will receive a consideration of €120 million and intends to use the net proceeds for share repurchases in 2023 in order to mitigate the earnings dilution caused by the divestment. Wolters Kluwer expects to record a non-taxable gain on completion.About Wolters KluwerWolters Kluwer (Euronext: WKL) is a global leader in professional information  software solutions  and services for the healthcare; tax and accounting; governance  risk and compliance; and legal and regulatory sectors. We help our customers make critical decisions every day by providing expert solutions that combine deep domain knowledge with specialized technology and services.Wolters Kluwer reported 2021 annual revenues of €4.8 billion. The group serves customers in over 180 countries  maintains operations in over 40 countries  and employs approximately 20 000 people worldwide. The company is headquartered in Alphen aan den Rijn  the Netherlands.Wolters Kluwer shares are listed on Euronext Amsterdam (WKL) and are included in the AEX and Euronext 100 indices. Wolters Kluwer has a sponsored Level 1 American Depositary Receipt (ADR) program. The ADRs are traded on the over-the-counter market in the U.S. (WTKWY).For more information  visit www.wolterskluwer.com  follow us on Twitter  Facebook  LinkedIn  and YouTube.Story continuesMedia Investors/Analysts Gerbert van Genderen Stort Meg Geldens Corporate Communications Investor Relations t + 31 172 641 230 t + 31 172 641 407 press@wolterskluwer.com ir@wolterskluwer.comForward-looking Statements and Other Important Legal InformationThis report contains forward-looking statements. These statements may be identified by words such as “expect”  “should”  “could”  “shall” and similar expressions. Wolters Kluwer cautions that such forward-looking statements are qualified by certain risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results and events to differ materially from what is contemplated by the forward-looking statements. Factors which could cause actual results to differ from these forward-looking statements may include  without limitation  general economic conditions; conditions in the markets in which Wolters Kluwer is engaged; behavior of customers  suppliers  and competitors; technological developments; the implementation and execution of new ICT systems or outsourcing; and legal  tax  and regulatory rules affecting Wolters Kluwer’s businesses  as well as risks related to mergers  acquisitions  and divestments. In addition  financial risks such as currency movements  interest rate fluctuations  liquidity  and credit risks could influence future results. The foregoing list of factors should not be construed as exhaustive. Wolters Kluwer disclaims any intention or obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements  whether as a result of new information  future events or otherwise.This press release contains information which is to be made publicly available under Regulation (EU) 596/2014.Attachment,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,negative,0.08,0.16,0.76,True,English,"['Wolters Kluwer divestiture', 'Spanish regulatory clearance', 'Analysts Gerbert van Genderen Stort Meg Geldens', 'Alphen aan den Rijn', 'Level 1 American Depositary Receipt', 'Corporate Communications Investor Relations', 'Other Important Legal Information', 'Spanish Antitrust Authority', 'deep domain knowledge', 'interest rate fluctuations', 'new ICT systems', 'Spanish regulatory clearance', 'general economic conditions', 'legal information units', 'Wolters Kluwer divestiture', 'Wolters Kluwer shares', 'Regulatory division revenues', 'Karnov Group clearance', 'Wolters Kluwer Legal', 'legal information assets', 'new information', 'professional information', 'regulatory sectors', 'regulatory rules', 'Thomson Reuters', 'net proceeds', 'share repurchases', 'earnings dilution', 'taxable gain', 'global leader', 'software solutions', 'critical decisions', 'expert solutions', 'specialized technology', '2021 annual revenues', 'ADR) program', 'counter market', 'U.S.', 'Media Investors', 'similar expressions', 'actual results', 'technological developments', 'currency movements', 'future results', 'foregoing list', 'press release', 'Forward-looking Statements', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'Euronext 100 indices', 'financial risks', 'credit risks', 'future events', 'Spain', 'transaction', 'December', 'France', 'November', 'consideration', 'order', 'divestment', 'completion', 'WKL', 'services', 'healthcare', 'accounting', 'governance', 'compliance', 'customers', '180 countries', 'operations', '40 countries', '20,000 people', 'company', 'Netherlands', 'AEX', 'ADRs', 'WTKWY', 'Twitter', 'Facebook', 'LinkedIn', 'YouTube', 'Story', 'report', 'words', 'uncertainties', 'Factors', 'limitation', 'markets', 'behavior', 'suppliers', 'competitors', 'implementation', 'execution', 'outsourcing', 'businesses', 'mergers', 'acquisitions', 'addition', 'liquidity', 'intention', 'obligation', 'Regulation', 'Attachment']",2022-11-03,2022-11-03,finance.yahoo.com
12580,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/elis-share-capital-increase-reserved-060000394.html,Elis: Share capital increase reserved for employees “Elis for All 2022”,Share capital increase reserved for employees “Elis for All 2022” Saint-Cloud  3 November 2022 The subscription period for the share capital increase...,ElisShare capital increase reserved for employees “Elis for All 2022”Saint-Cloud  3 November 2022The subscription period for the share capital increase reserved for Elis employees ended on 5 October 2022. 3.56% of employees in 17 countries chose to participate  either directly or via the Elis Group employee shareholding fund  in this operation  the third of its kind in the Group's history  for a total subscription of nearly 4.9 million euros.Implemented by the Elis Supervisory Board on July 27  2022 and the Management Board on July 28  2022  on the basis of a delegation of authority from the General Meeting of May 19  2022  the share capital increase allowed the Group's employees to invest in Elis shares at a unit price of 8.97 euros  corresponding to the average opening price of the share from August 19 to September 15  2022  discounted by 30%  and benefiting from a matching contribution from Elis equal to one share offered for 10 shares subscribed.The subscriptions received resulted in the issue  on 3 November 2022  of 583 130 new shares (including bonus shares) with a par value of 1 euro  representing 0.25% of the capital  i.e. total issue proceeds (including premium) of 4 940 810.55 euros. The new shares bear rights from the date of their issue and are fully assimilated to the existing shares.The new shares were admitted to trading on the Euronext Paris regulated market (ISIN code FR0012435121) on the same day.ContactNicolas Buron - Investor Relations Director - Phone: +33 1 75 49 98 30 - nicolas.buron@elis.comAttachment,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.03,0.96,0.0,True,English,"['Share capital increase', 'Elis', 'employees', 'Elis Group employee shareholding fund', 'Investor Relations Director', 'average opening price', 'Share capital increase', 'Elis Supervisory Board', 'total issue proceeds', 'total subscription', 'Management Board', 'unit price', 'one share', 'subscription period', 'General Meeting', 'matching contribution', 'par value', 'Euronext Paris', 'ISIN code', 'same day', 'Elis shares', '583,130 new shares', 'bonus shares', 'existing shares', '4.9 million euros', 'Elis employees', 'Nicolas Buron', '10 shares', '8.97 euros', '4,940,810.55 euros', 'Saint-Cloud', '3 November', '5 October', '17 countries', 'operation', 'kind', 'history', 'July', 'basis', 'delegation', 'authority', 'May', 'August', 'September', 'subscriptions', '1 euro', 'premium', 'rights', 'date', 'market', 'Contact', 'Phone', 'Attachment', '33 1']",2022-11-03,2022-11-03,finance.yahoo.com
12581,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/vantiva-information-concerning-total-number-163700556.html,Vantiva - Information concerning the total number of voting rights and shares,November 3  2022 Vantiva: Information concerning the total number of voting rights and shares  provided pursuant to Article L. 233-8 II of the French...,VantivaNovember 3  2022Vantiva: Information concerning the total number of voting rights and shares  provided pursuant to Article L. 233-8 II of the French Commercial Code and Article 223-16 of the General Regulations of the Autorité des marchés financiersVantiva Shares(ISIN Code FR0013505062) Date Number of Outstanding Shares Number of Voting Rights October 31  2022355 373 667Number of Theoretical Voting Rights(1): 355 373 667Number of Voting Rights Exercisable at Shareholders’ meeting(2): 355 373 667(1) Calculated  pursuant to Article 223-11 of the General Regulations of the Autorité des Marchés Financiers  based on the total number of outstanding shares to which voting rights are attached  including shares with suspended voting rights.(2) Excluding shares with suspended voting rights.* **About Vantivawww.vantiva.com – Follow us: @Vantiva – www.linkedin.com/company/vantiva/Vantiva shares are on the Euronext Paris exchange (VANTI) and traded in the USA on the OTCQX marketplace (OTCQX: TCLRY).Attachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.73,0.25,0.02,True,English,"['total number', 'voting rights', 'Vantiva', 'Information', 'shares', 'des Marchés Financiers', 'Euronext Paris exchange', 'French Commercial Code', 'Theoretical Voting Rights', 'ISIN Code', 'General Regulations', 'Shareholders’ meeting', 'OTCQX marketplace', 'Outstanding Shares', 'total number', 'Date Number', 'Article L.', 'Vantiva Shares', 'Information', 'USA', 'TCLRY', 'Attachment']",2022-11-03,2022-11-03,finance.yahoo.com
12582,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20221102005835/en/Blue-Spirit-Aero-Accelerates-the-Development-of-Its-Hydrogen-Powered-Aircraft-with-Dassault-Syst%C3%A8mes,Blue Spirit Aero Accelerates the Development of Its Hydrogen-Powered Aircraft with Dassault Systèmes,VELIZY-VILLACOUBLAY  France--(BUSINESS WIRE)-- #3DEXPERIENCE--Dassault Systèmes (Euronext Paris: FR0014003TT8  DSY.PA) today announced that Blue Spirit Aero  the France-based aviation startup harnessing the power of hydrogen fuel cell technology  is using Das…,VELIZY-VILLACOUBLAY  France--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Dassault Systèmes (Euronext Paris: FR0014003TT8  DSY.PA) today announced that Blue Spirit Aero  the France-based aviation startup harnessing the power of hydrogen fuel cell technology  is using Dassault Systèmes’ 3DEXPERIENCE platform on the cloud to accelerate the development of its hydrogen-electric light aircraft and advance the certification of accessible clean aviation.The aircraft  “Dragonfly ” which relies on Blue Spirit Aero’s proprietary electro-propulsive technology optimized for clean performance  is being developed with a view to certification and entry into service in 2026. In only a few months  Blue Spirit Aero has used Dassault Systèmes’ “Reinvent the Sky” industry solution experience based on the 3DEXPERIENCE platform to complete the detailed 3D design of Dragonfly’s shapes  and test and validate its performance in terms of aerodynamics  structure and energy. From the outset  the platform’s virtual environment on the cloud enabled the startup to structure its internal processes and streamline communication between experts across disciplines and locations for more efficient decision-making and full traceability.“The 3DEXPERIENCE platform is the technology of reference in the aviation industry ” said Olivier Savin  CEO and founder  Blue Spirit Aero. “By using it to develop our aircraft from concept to certification  not only are we relying on one platform for all aspects of our product development  we are giving credibility to each milestone achieved. We can show potential investors  partners  employees  suppliers  customers and regulators that viable hydrogen solutions are being developed with the same software that has made the most technologically advanced commercial airliners possible.”The global aviation industry is striving to achieve net-zero carbon emissions by 2050. Transforming technological breakthroughs into real solutions requires new ways of working that combine the expertise of stakeholders and enable efficient certification processes. Regulators are working to establish certification processes for solutions involving disruptive hydrogen technologies. Blue Spirit Aero will be a catalyst in this by using the 3DEXPERIENCE platform to demonstrate the feasibility of these solutions.“Blue Spirit Aero exemplifies a dynamic startup driving the hydrogen economy that shares our vision for more sustainable aviation ” said David Ziegler  Vice President  Aerospace & Defense Industry  Dassault Systèmes. “‘Reinvent the Sky’ and the scalability offered by the cloud allow it to deploy new capabilities as its project matures  optimize program execution  and reduce costs. These are ‘must-haves’ for a startup paving the way toward the certification of a new category of vehicles.”FOR MORE INFORMATIONDassault Systèmes’ industry solution experiences for the aerospace & defense industry: https://ifwe.3ds.com/aerospace-defenseDassault Systèmes’ 3DEXPERIENCE platform  3D design software  3D Digital Mock Up and Product Lifecycle Management (PLM) solutions: http://www.3ds.comSHARE THIS ON TWITTERAdvancing toward cleaner aviation  @BlueSpiritAero accelerates the development of its hydrogen electric light aircraft with @Dassault3DS #3DEXPERIENCE #cloudConnect with Dassault Systèmes onTwitter | Facebook | LinkedIn | YoutubeABOUT DASSAULT SYSTÈMESDassault Systèmes  the 3DEXPERIENCE Company  is a catalyst for human progress. We provide business and people with collaborative 3D virtual environments to imagine sustainable innovations. By creating virtual twin experiences of the real world with our 3DEXPERIENCE platform and applications  our customers push the boundaries of innovation  learning and production to achieve a more sustainable world for patients  citizens  and consumers. Dassault Systèmes brings value to more than 300 000 customers of all sizes  in all industries  in more than 140 countries. For more information  visit www.3ds.com© Dassault Systèmes. All rights reserved. 3DEXPERIENCE  the Compass icon  the 3DS logo  CATIA  BIOVIA  GEOVIA  SOLIDWORKS  3DVIA  ENOVIA  NETVIBES  MEDIDATA  CENTRIC PLM  3DEXCITE  SIMULIA  DELMIA  and IFWE are commercial trademarks or registered trademarks of Dassault Systèmes  a French “société européenne” (Versailles Commercial Register # B 322 306 440)  or its subsidiaries in the United States and/or other countries.,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.07,0.93,True,English,"['Blue Spirit Aero', 'Dassault Systèmes', 'Hydrogen-Powered Aircraft', 'Development', 'French “société européenne', 'Dassault Systèmes’ industry solution experiences', 'Dassault Systèmes’ 3DEXPERIENCE platform', '3D Digital Mock Up', 'Sky” industry solution experience', 'collaborative 3D virtual environments', 'hydrogen fuel cell technology', 'hydrogen electric light aircraft', 'virtual twin experiences', 'detailed 3D design', 'disruptive hydrogen technologies', 'Blue Spirit Aero', 'net-zero carbon emissions', '3D design software', 'hydrogen-electric light aircraft', 'proprietary electro-propulsive technology', 'global aviation industry', 'Product Lifecycle Management', 'Versailles Commercial Register', 'accessible clean aviation', 'viable hydrogen solutions', 'France-based aviation startup', 'efficient certification processes', 'hydrogen economy', 'Defense Industry', 'one platform', 'efficient decision-making', 'same software', 'sustainable aviation', 'cleaner aviation', '3DEXPERIENCE Company', 'internal processes', 'commercial airliners', 'commercial trademarks', 'Euronext Paris', 'clean performance', 'full traceability', 'Olivier Savin', 'potential investors', 'technological breakthroughs', 'new ways', 'David Ziegler', 'Vice President', 'new capabilities', 'program execution', 'new category', 'human progress', 'sustainable innovations', 'real world', 'sustainable world', 'Compass icon', '3DS logo', 'CENTRIC PLM', 'registered trademarks', 'United States', 'product development', 'real solutions', 'PLM) solutions', 'dynamic startup', 'BUSINESS WIRE', 'other countries', '140 countries', 'VELIZY-VILLACOUBLAY', 'DSY', 'power', 'cloud', 'Dragonfly', 'view', 'entry', 'service', 'months', 'shapes', 'terms', 'aerodynamics', 'structure', 'energy', 'outset', 'communication', 'experts', 'disciplines', 'locations', 'reference', 'CEO', 'founder', 'concept', 'aspects', 'credibility', 'milestone', 'partners', 'employees', 'suppliers', 'customers', 'regulators', 'expertise', 'stakeholders', 'catalyst', 'feasibility', 'vision', 'Aerospace', 'scalability', 'project', 'costs', 'haves', 'vehicles', 'MORE', 'INFORMATION', 'TWITTER', 'Facebook', 'LinkedIn', 'Youtube', 'people', 'applications', 'boundaries', 'learning', 'production', 'patients', 'citizens', 'consumers', 'value', 'sizes', 'industries', 'All', 'rights', 'CATIA', 'BIOVIA', 'GEOVIA', 'SOLIDWORKS', '3DVIA', 'ENOVIA', 'NETVIBES', 'MEDIDATA', '3DEXCITE', 'SIMULIA', 'DELMIA', 'IFWE', 'subsidiaries', '©']",2022-11-03,2022-11-03,businesswire.com
12583,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20221103005951/en/MaaT-Pharma-Announces-Oral-and-Poster-Presentations-at-the-64th-American-Society-of-Hematology-ASH-Annual-Meeting,MaaT Pharma Announces Oral and Poster Presentations at the 64th American Society of Hematology (ASH) Annual Meeting,LYON  France--(BUSINESS WIRE)---- $MAAT--Regulatory News: MaaT Pharma (EURONEXT: MAAT – the “Company”)  a French clinical-stage biotech and a pioneer in the development of Microbiome Ecosystem TherapiesTM (MET) dedicated to improving survival outcomes for pat…,LYON  France--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Regulatory News:MaaT Pharma (EURONEXT: MAAT – the “Company”)  a French clinical-stage biotech and a pioneer in the development of Microbiome Ecosystem TherapiesTM (MET) dedicated to improving survival outcomes for patients with cancer  announced today that extended results from its Early Access Program (EAP) of MaaT013 in patients with GI-aGvHD have been selected for oral presentation at the 64thAmerican Society of Hematology (ASH) Annual Meeting held from December 10-13  2022  in New-Orleans  Louisiana  U.S.A. Additionally  detailed results of the Phase 1b trial of MaaT033 in patients with acute myeloid leukemia (AML) were selected for presentation in a poster session. This is the sixth year in a row that the Company’s clinical data are selected for presentation at the ASH Conference  the world-leading event in malignant and non-malignant hematology  and the third year in a row for an oral presentation.In line with the conference embargo policy  MaaT Pharma will detail the presented results through a press release on Saturday  December 10  2022. The Company will also host an investor webcast on Monday  December 12th  2022  at 6:00pm CET (additional details will be provided at a later date).The EAP results include data from 81 patients treated with MaaT013  with steroid-resistant or steroid-dependent aGvHD with GI involvement  who had previously failed 1 to 6 lines(median: 2) of systemic therapy; MaaT Pharma provided the MET product to hospitals under a compassionate access program in France. In parallel  MaaT013 is currently being evaluated in a pivotal  open-label  single-arm Phase 3 trial in Europe (n=75) in GI-aGvHD patients refractory to corticosteroids and ruxolitinib; a first data review is expected in the first half of 2023. As of today  MaaT013 has been safely administered to more than 160 patients in Europe in clinical trials and in the Expanded Access Program in France.Oral Presentation:Title: Pooled Fecal Allogenic Microbiotherapy for Refractory Gastrointestinal Acute Graft-Versus-Host Disease: Results from the Early Access Program in FrancePresenter: Professor Mohamad Mohty  hematology professor and Head of the Hematology and Cellular Therapy Department at the Saint-Antoine Hospital and Sorbonne UniversityPublication Number: 112Session: 722. Allogeneic Transplantation: Acute and Chronic GVHD  Immune Reconstitution: Clinical Studies Exploring the Immunobiology of HCTSession Date/Time: Saturday  December 10  2022; 10:15am ESTRoom: 252-254 (Ernest N. Morial Convention Center)Poster Presentation:Title: Restoration Of Gut Microbiota Diversity With Oral Pooled Fecal Microbiotherapy In Acute Myeloid Leukemia Patients After Intensive Chemotherapy: The Phase 1b CIMON TrialPresenter: Professor Mohamad Mohty  hematology professor and Head of the Hematology and Cellular Therapy Department at the Saint-Antoine Hospital and Sorbonne UniversityPoster number: 2765Session: 616. Acute Myeloid Leukemias: Investigational Therapies  Excluding Transplantation and Cellular ImmunotherapiesSession Date/Time: Sunday  December 11  2022: 6:00pm -8:00pm ESTRoom: Hall D (Ernest N. Morial Convention Center)Upcoming scientific conferences participationsNovember 8-10  2022 – 9 th International Human Microbiome Consortium (IHMC) Congress: Poster and oral presentationInternational Human Microbiome Consortium (IHMC) Congress: November 9-11  2022 – 21 st Société Francophone de Greffe de Moelle et de Thérapie Cellulaire (SFGM-TC) Congress - Booth #10 – poster and oral presentation(SFGM-TC) Congress - December 10-13  2022 - 64th American Society of Hematology (ASH) Annual Meeting: Poster and oral presentationAbout MaaT013MaaT013 is a full-ecosystem  off-the-shelf  standardized  pooled-donor  enema Microbiome Ecosystem TherapyTM for acute  hospital use. It is characterized by a consistently high diversity and richness of microbial species and the presence of ButycoreTM (group of bacterial species known to produce anti-inflammatory metabolites). MaaT013 aims to restore the symbiotic relationship between the patient’s functional gut microbiome and their immune system to correct the responsiveness and tolerance of immune functions and thus reduce steroid-resistant  gastrointestinal-predominant aGvHD. MaaT013 has been granted Orphan Drug Designation by the US Food and Drug Administration (FDA) and the European Medicines Agency (EMA).About MaaT033MaaT033 is an oral  full-ecosystem  off-the-shelf  standardized  pooled-donor  high-richness Microbiome Ecosystem TherapyTM. MaaT033 is designed to restore the gut ecosystem to full functionality to improve clinical outcomes as well as to control adverse events related to conventional treatments for liquid tumors. The capsule formulation facilitates administration and allows the potential to treat larger patients’ population while maintaining the high and consistent richness and diversity of microbial species  including anti-inflammatory ButycoreTM species.About MaaT PharmaMaaT Pharma  a clinical stage biotechnology company  has established a complete approach to restoring patient-microbiome symbiosis in oncology. Committed to treating cancer and graft-versus-host disease (GvHD)  a serious complication of allogeneic stem cell transplantation  MaaT Pharma has launched  in March 2022 in Europe  a Phase 3 clinical trial for patients with acute GvHD  following the achievement of its proof of concept in a Phase 2 trial. Its powerful discovery and analysis platform  gutPrint®  supports the development and expansion of its pipeline by determining novel disease targets  evaluating drug candidates  and identifying biomarkers for microbiome-related conditions. The company’s Microbiome Ecosystem Therapies are produced through a standardized cGMP manufacturing and quality control process to safely deliver the full diversity of the microbiome  in liquid and oral formulations. MaaT Pharma benefits from the commitment of world-leading scientists and established relationships with regulators to support the integration of the use of microbiome therapies in clinical practice. MaaT Pharma is the first company developing microbiome-based therapies listed on Euronext Paris (ticker: MAAT).Forward-looking StatementsAll statements other than statements of historical fact included in this press release about future events are subject to (i) change without notice and (ii) factors beyond the Company’s control. These statements may include  without limitation  any statements preceded by  followed by or including words such as “target ” “believe ” “expect ” “aim ” “intend ” “may ” “anticipate ” “estimate ” “plan ” “project ” “will ” “can have ” “likely ” “should ” “would ” “could” and other words and terms of similar meaning or the negative thereof. Forward-looking statements are subject to inherent risks and uncertainties beyond the Company’s control that could cause the Company’s actual results or performance to be materially different from the expected results or performance expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements.1 Allo-HCT: allogeneic hematopoietic cell therapy,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.04,0.96,True,English,"['64th American Society', 'MaaT Pharma', 'Poster Presentations', 'Oral', 'Hematology', '21 st Société Francophone de Greffe', 'Ernest N. Morial Convention Center', 'pivotal, open-label, single-arm Phase 3 trial', 'Refractory Gastrointestinal Acute Graft-Versus-Host Disease', '9 th International Human Microbiome Consortium', 'Phase 1b CIMON Trial Presenter', 'Upcoming scientific conferences participations', 'enema Microbiome Ecosystem TherapyTM', 'high-richness Microbiome Ecosystem TherapyTM', 'Oral Pooled Fecal Microbiotherapy', 'Cellular Immunotherapies Session Date/Time', 'Sorbonne University Publication Number', 'Phase 1b trial', 'clinical stage biotechnology company', 'Acute Myeloid Leukemia Patients', 'Fecal Allogenic Microbiotherapy', 'Thérapie Cellulaire', 'Microbiome Ecosystem TherapiesTM', 'Acute Myeloid Leukemias', 'functional gut microbiome', 'French clinical-stage biotech', 'Early Access Program', 'U.S.A.', 'compassionate access program', 'Expanded Access Program', 'Cellular Therapy Department', 'European Medicines Agency', 'HCT Session Date/Time', 'conference embargo policy', 'Professor Mohamad Mohty', '64th American Society', 'acute, hospital use', 'Orphan Drug Designation', 'larger patients’ population', 'Gut Microbiota Diversity', 'first data review', 'steroid-resistant, gastrointestinal-predominant aGvHD', 'anti-inflammatory ButycoreTM species', 'The EAP results', 'gut ecosystem', 'France Presenter', 'systemic therapy', '64thAmerican Society', 'ASH Conference', 'steroid-dependent aGvHD', 'first half', 'Poster number', 'anti-inflammatory metabolites', 'clinical data', 'clinical trials', 'Clinical Studies', 'clinical outcomes', 'Saint-Antoine Hospital', 'microbial species', 'bacterial species', 'oral, full-ecosystem', 'oral presentation', 'BUSINESS WIRE', 'Regulatory News', 'survival outcomes', 'sixth year', 'world-leading event', 'third year', 'press release', 'The Company', 'investor webcast', 'additional details', 'later date', 'GI involvement', '1 to 6 lines', 'Chronic GVHD', 'Immune Reconstitution', 'Intensive Chemotherapy', 'Investigational Therapies', 'Hall D', 'symbiotic relationship', 'immune system', 'immune functions', 'US Food', 'Drug Administration', 'full functionality', 'adverse events', 'conventional treatments', 'liquid tumors', 'hematology professor', 'MaaT Pharma', 'poster session', 'detailed results', 'Allogeneic Transplantation', 'high diversity', 'consistent richness', 'non-malignant hematology', 'Poster Presentation', 'GI-aGvHD patients', '81 patients', '160 patients', 'LYON', 'EURONEXT', 'pioneer', 'development', 'cancer', 'MaaT013', 'December', 'New-Orleans', 'Louisiana', 'MaaT033', 'AML', 'row', 'Saturday', 'Monday', '6:00pm', 'product', 'hospitals', 'parallel', 'corticosteroids', 'ruxolitinib', 'today', 'Title', 'Head', 'Immunobiology', '10:15am', 'Room', 'Restoration', 'Sunday', 'IHMC', 'Congress', 'November', 'Moelle', 'SFGM-TC', 'Booth', 'shelf', 'presence', 'group', 'responsiveness', 'tolerance', 'FDA', 'capsule', 'formulation', 'potential']",2022-11-03,2022-11-03,businesswire.com
12584,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/success-first-believe-employee-shareholding-165000687.html,Success of the first Believe employee shareholding plan b.shares 2022,Success of the first Believe employee shareholding plan b.shares 2022 Paris  November 3  2022 – Believe has successfully completed its first employee...,"Success of the first Believe employee shareholding planb.shares 2022Paris  November 3  2022 – Believe has successfully completed its first employee shareholding plan. This offer  carried out in 6 countries from September 16 to October 6  2022  has enabled 40% of eligible employees to become shareholders of the Company.With a subscription rate of 40%  including nearly 60% in France  the 2022 b.shares plan is an illustration of the strong commitment of our employees in the future development of Believe  and a key step in the journey to our corporate project "" Shaping Music for Good "" driven by our four driving forces: respect  expertise  fairness and transparency towards all of our stakeholders.507 employees  including 336 in France  participated in the offer at a unit subscription price of €6.90. The total investment (made of employee investments and Believe matching contributions) amounts to €2.3 million.From this first year  31% of Believe employees have become shareholders holding 0.35% directly or through the employee mutual fund (FCPE Believe shares) of the capital of the Company  i.e. a total of 337 457 shares.As of November 3  2022  the number of Believe outstanding shares amounted to 96 575 623 shares.About BelieveBelieve is one of the world's leading digital music companies. Believe's mission is to support artists and labels by offering them digital solutions adapted to their evolving needs at each stage of their development. Believe relies on its technological platform  on the unique digital expertise of its employees to advise its artists and labels  distribute and promote their music. Its 1 610 @employees present in more than 50 countries support them with unique digital expertise  respect  fairness and transparency. Believe offers its various solutions through a portfolio of brands including  among others  TuneCore  Nuclear Blast  Naïve  Groove Attack and AllPoints. Believe is listed on compartment A of the regulated market of Euronext Paris (Ticker: BLV  ISIN: FR0014003FE9).www.believe.comStory continuesBelieve contactsInvestor relationsEmilie MEGELinvestors@believe.comTel. : +33 1 53093391Port. : + 33 6 07099860 Press relationsManon JESSUAmanon.jessua@believe.comAttachment",positive,0.76,0.23,0.0,positive,0.73,0.25,0.01,True,English,"['first Believe employee shareholding plan', 'Success', 'shares', 'first Believe employee shareholding plan', 'first employee shareholding plan', 'leading digital music companies', 'employee mutual fund', 'four driving forces', '2022 b.shares plan', 'unit subscription price', 'unique digital expertise', 'Believe matching contributions', 'FCPE Believe shares', 'Believe outstanding shares', 'first year', 'employee investments', 'digital solutions', 'subscription rate', 'strong commitment', 'key step', 'corporate project', 'evolving needs', 'technological platform', 'various solutions', 'Nuclear Blast', 'Naïve', 'Groove Attack', 'compartment A', 'regulated market', 'Investor relations', 'Emilie MEGEL', 'Press relations', 'future development', 'total investment', 'Euronext Paris', 'eligible employees', 'Believe employees', 'Manon JESSUA', '337,457 shares', '96,575,623 shares', '507 employees', '1,610 @employees', 'Success', 'offer', '6 countries', 'September', 'October', 'shareholders', 'Company', 'France', 'illustration', 'journey', 'Shaping', 'Good', 'respect', 'fairness', 'transparency', 'stakeholders', 'capital', 'November', 'number', 'world', 'mission', 'artists', 'labels', 'stage', '50 countries', 'portfolio', 'brands', 'others', 'TuneCore', 'AllPoints', 'Ticker', 'BLV', 'ISIN', 'Story', 'contacts', 'Tel.', 'Attachment']",2022-11-03,2022-11-03,finance.yahoo.com
12585,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/marel-q3-2022-investor-meeting-081500575.html,Marel: Q3 2022 Investor Meeting Presentation,Marel hf. published its Q3 2022 Condensed Consolidated Financial Interim Statements after market closing on 2 November 2022. Please find attached the Q3 2022...,Marel hf.Marel hf. published its Q3 2022 Condensed Consolidated Financial Interim Statements after market closing on 2 November 2022.Please find attached the Q3 2022 investor presentation for today’s investor meeting at 8:30 am GMT (9:30 am CET)  where senior management will give an overview of the financial results and operational highlights in the third quarter.The meeting is webcast live on marel.com/webcast and a recording is available after the meeting on marel.com/ir.Members of the investment community can also join the conference call by dialing:IS: +354 800 7437 (PIN 84639778#)NL: +31 20 721 9495UK: +44 33 3300 9035US: +1 646 722 4956Investor relationsFor further information  please contact Marel Investor Relations via email ir@marel.com or tel. +354 563 8001.About MarelMarel (NASDAQ: MAREL; AEX: MAREL) is a leading global provider of advanced food processing equipment  systems  software  and services to the poultry  meat and fish industries. In line with its 2017- 2026 growth strategy  Marel has gradually expanded its business model into adjacent industries  where most recently the acquisition of Wenger has added a fourth pillar focused on pet food  plant-based protein and aqua feed. Our united team of over 7 000 employees in over 6 continents delivered EUR 1.4 billion in revenues in 2021. Annually  Marel invests around 6% of revenues in innovation. By continuously transforming food processing  we enable our customers to increase yield and throughput  ensure food safety and improve sustainability in food production. Marel was listed on NASDAQ Iceland in 1992 and dual-listed on Euronext Amsterdam in June 2019. For further information  please visit marel.com/ir.Attachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.51,0.47,0.02,True,English,"['Q3 2022 Investor Meeting Presentation', 'Marel', 'Q3 2022 Condensed Consolidated Financial Interim Statements', 'advanced food processing equipment', 'Q3 2022 investor presentation', 'leading global provider', '2017- 2026 growth strategy', 'Marel Investor Relations', 'financial results', 'pet food', 'food safety', 'food production', 'senior management', 'operational highlights', 'third quarter', 'investment community', 'conference call', 'fish industries', 'business model', 'adjacent industries', 'fourth pillar', 'plant-based protein', 'aqua feed', 'united team', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'investor meeting', 'NASDAQ Iceland', 'Marel hf', 'market', '2 November', 'today', 'GMT', 'overview', 'recording', 'Members', 'PIN', 'UK', 'information', 'email', 'tel', 'AEX', 'systems', 'software', 'services', 'poultry', 'meat', 'line', 'acquisition', 'Wenger', '7,000 employees', '6 continents', 'revenues', 'innovation', 'customers', 'yield', 'throughput', 'sustainability', 'June', 'Attachment', '8:30']",2022-11-03,2022-11-03,finance.yahoo.com
12586,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/guerbet-guerbet-announces-change-governance-170400172.html,Guerbet: Guerbet announces a change in governance for its Artificial Intelligence projects,Guerbet announces a change in governance for its Artificial Intelligence projects Villepinte  November 3rd  2022: Guerbet today announced an agreement with...,GUERBETGuerbet announces a change in governance for its Artificial Intelligence projectsVillepinte  November 3rd  2022: Guerbet today announced an agreement with Merative  formalizing the termination of their collaboration signed in July 2018.Guerbet today announced an agreement with Merative formalizing the termination of their collaboration initiated in July 2018. This partnership aimed to design  develop and market software solutions to help diagnose and monitor liver and prostate cancers. The termination follows Merative's strategic shift in how it delivers artificial intelligence within its imaging product portfolio.The new Asset Assignment and License Agreement grants Guerbet the ability and autonomy to pursue research and development  and plan for the market launch of Artificial Intelligence solutions. Assets developed during the partnership  including source code for application software  Artificial Intelligence algorithms and the associated intellectual property  are being transferred to Guerbet.The market potential remains unchanged and significant  and this Asset Assignment and License Agreement will transfer control over the remaining development work to Guerbet. Promising initial results have been obtained in 2022  particularly for the detection of liver lesions (presentation scheduled for the RSNA 2022 conference) and for the detection of prostate cancer (work presented at the ECR 2022 conference). The high quality of the work presented by Guerbet’s Artificial Intelligence research team also impressed the jury of the BPI France 2030 program  which has awarded the company €1 million in funding for its project aimed at early detection of pancreatic cancer  as recently announced.Numerous stakeholders have communicated their interest to the Group’s management in recent months  attesting to the business’ strong potential. Constructive discussions are currently also underway to set up new partnerships in order to accelerate the business roadmap and to facilitate the emergence of a national champion in the area of artificial intelligence for medical imaging.About GuerbetAt Guerbet  we build lasting relationships so that we enable people to live better. That is our purpose. We are a global leader in medical imaging  offering a comprehensive range of pharmaceutical products  medical devices  and digital and AI solutions for diagnostic and interventional imaging. As pioneers in contrast products for 95 years  with more than 2 600 employees worldwide  we continuously innovate and devote 8%-10% of our revenue to research and development in five centers in France  Israel  and the United States. Guerbet (GBT) is listed on Euronext Paris (segment B – mid caps) and generated €732 million in revenue in 2021. For more information  please visit www.guerbet.comStory continuesContactGuerbetClaire Lauvernier  Directrice de la Communication +33.6.79.52.11.88 / claire.lauvernier@guerbet.01 45 91 50 00Attachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.61,0.34,0.05,True,English,"['Artificial Intelligence projects', 'Guerbet', 'change', 'governance', 'Artificial Intelligence projects Villepinte', 'Artificial Intelligence research team', 'Artificial Intelligence algorithms', 'Artificial Intelligence solutions', 'imaging product portfolio', 'BPI France 2030 program', 'new Asset Assignment', 'business’ strong potential', 'remaining development work', 'new partnerships', 'business roadmap', 'software solutions', 'AI solutions', 'medical imaging', 'interventional imaging', 'prostate cancers', 'strategic shift', 'source code', 'application software', 'intellectual property', 'initial results', 'RSNA 2022 conference', 'ECR 2022 conference', 'high quality', 'pancreatic cancer', 'Numerous stakeholders', 'recent months', 'Constructive discussions', 'national champion', 'lasting relationships', 'global leader', 'comprehensive range', 'pharmaceutical products', 'medical devices', 'contrast products', 'five centers', 'United States', 'Euronext Paris', 'segment B', 'mid caps', 'License Agreement', 'liver lesions', 'Claire Lauvernier', 'market launch', 'early detection', 'GUERBET', 'change', 'governance', 'Merative', 'termination', 'collaboration', 'July', 'ability', 'autonomy', 'Assets', 'control', 'Promising', 'presentation', 'jury', 'company', 'funding', 'interest', 'Group', 'management', 'order', 'emergence', 'area', 'people', 'purpose', 'digital', 'diagnostic', 'pioneers', '95 years', '2,600 employees', 'revenue', 'Israel', 'GBT', 'information', 'Story', 'Contact', 'Directrice', 'Communication', 'Attachment']",2022-11-03,2022-11-03,finance.yahoo.com
12587,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2022/11/03/2548096/0/en/Euronext-publishes-Q3-2022-results.html,Euronext publishes Q3 2022 results,Contacts Media  Contact Investor Relations  Amsterdam  +31 20 721 4133  Brussels  +32 2 620 15 50  +33 1 70 48 24 27  Dublin  +33 1 70 48 24 45  Lisbon...,"Contacts Media Contact Investor Relations Amsterdam +31 20 721 4133 Brussels +32 2 620 15 50 +33 1 70 48 24 27 Dublin +33 1 70 48 24 45 Lisbon +351 210 600 614 Milan +39 02 72 42 62 12 Oslo +47 41 69 59 10 Paris +33 1 70 48 24 45Euronext publishes Q3 2022 resultsSolid quarter demonstrating Euronext’s diversified business model and continued cost discipline  in line with 2022 cost guidanceAmsterdam  Brussels  Dublin  Lisbon  Milan  Oslo and Paris – 3 November 2022 – Euronext  the leading pan-European market infrastructure  today publishes its results for the third quarter 2022.Q 3 2022 underlying revenue and income was stable com pared to Q 3 2021 underlying revenue and income 1   at € 350.3 million ( - 0. 1 % 2 reported   - € 0.3 million   reported revenue and income at €301.4 million ) illustrating the strong performance of non -volume related business : Non-volume related revenue accounted for 59% of Q3 2022 underlying revenue 1 (vs. 57% in Q3 2021) and covered 138% of underlying operating expenses  excluding D&A (vs. 142% in Q3 2021). Trading revenue was down at €117.8 million (-6.0% like-for-like  -5.2% reported)  resulting from lower cash equity and MTS Cash volumes  partially offset by efficient yield management and strong quarters for FX  derivatives and power trading. Post-trade revenue (excluding NTI) grew to €86.2 million (+2.2% like-for-like  +3.7% reported). Custody and Settlement revenue was €57.1 million (+0.5% like-for-like  +2.8% reported) thanks to the diversified Euronext Securities business model in a normalising settlement environment. Clearing revenue increased to €29.1 million (+5.5% like-for-like  +5.5% reported) as a result of growing bonds and derivatives clearing activity. Net treasury income for Euronext Clearing was -€38.3 million  including -€49.0 million of non-underlying pre-tax loss following the partial disposal of the Euronext Clearing portfolio 1   as announced in Euronext second quarter 2022 results. Listing revenue grew to €54.0 million (+5.9% like-for-like  +6.3% reported)  demonstrating the resilience of the business in tough market conditions. Euronext remained the leading venue for equity listing in Europe and for debt listing worldwide. Euronext recorded 18 new equity listings in Q3 2022. Four new companies joined the new Euronext Tech Leaders segment following its launch in June 2022. Advanced Data Services revenue grew to €53.0 million (+6.5% like-for-like  +6.3% reported)  driven by a strong performance across the offering.Adjusted EBITDA 3 was at € 199.9 million ( -4.4% reported   - € 9.2 million) reflecting continued cost disciplin e in an inflationary environment . A djusted EBITDA margin was at 57.1% ( - 2.6 pt s like-for-like   - 2.6 p t s reported ): Underlying operating expenses  excluding D&A  were €150.4 million (+5.6% like-for-like  +6.3% reported)  in line with 2022 cost guidance of €612 million of underlying costs.Reported net income  share of the parent company shareholders  was down -34. 5 % to€ 7 5 . 8 million (- € 40 . 0 million)   mainly due to the non-underlying one-off loss in n et t reasury i ncome : Net financing expenses were at €4.6 million and results from equity investments amounted to €1.7 million. Income tax rate was at 26.2%.Adjusted EPS 4 was down -3.2% at € 1. 2 1 5 .. Key figures for Q3 2022:In €m  unless stated otherwise Q3 2022 Q3 2021 % var % varl-f-l6 Revenue and income 301.4 350.6 -14.0% -0.8% Underlying revenue and income1 350.3 350.6 -0.1% -0.8% Underlying operational expenses excluding D&A (150.4) (141.5) +6.3% +5.6% Adjusted EBITDA 199.9 209.1 -4.4% -5.2% Adjusted EBITDA margin 57.1% 59.6% -2.6pts -2.6pts Net income  share of the parent company shareholders 75.8 115.8 -34.5% Adjusted Net income  share of the parent company shareholders 129.5 137.0 -5.5% Adjusted EPS (basic  in€) (share count differs between the two periods) 1.21 1.25 -3.2% Reported EPS (basic  in€) (share count differs between the two periods) 0.71 1.08 -34.2% Adjusted EPS (diluted  in€) (share count differs between the two periods) 1.21 1.25 -3.2% Reported EPS (diluted  in€) (share count differs between the two periods) 0.71 1.08 -34.2%Net debt to reported EBITDA 7 was at 2. 3 x at the end of September 2022 .Continued delivery of targeted synergies in relation to the Borsa Italiana Group acquisition : € 24.4 million cumulated run-rate annual synergies achieved at the end of Q3 2022. €0.3 million run-rate annual synergies delivered in Q3 2022. €37.9 million of cumulated implementation costs incurred at the end of Q3 2022  of which €1.2 million during Q3 2022.Continued advancement of the integration of the Borsa Italiana Group: Euronext has successfully introduced a new listing framework in Italy  which is harmonised with Group and global standards. The harmonisation of the listing framework will benefit Italian issuers and strengthen the Italian capital market ecosystem. Euronext confirmed the first phase of the migration of Borsa Italiana cash markets onto Optiq ® in March 2023. The migration to the Euronext state-of-the-art proprietary trading platform will provide Euronext and Borsa Italiana clients with significant benefits while retaining a strong local footprint  as demonstrated in the two previous successful migrations in Ireland and Norway. Euronext confirmed the first phase of the expansion of Euronext Clearing with the expected launch of the equity clearing offering by the end of 2023. This is the first milestone in the transformation of Euronext Clearing to create the Euronext clearing house of choice for its cash equity markets  further ensuring strategic alignment between the Euronext markets and its clearing house.Stéphane Boujnah  Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Managing Board of Euronext  said:“This third quarter of 2022 demonstrated the robustness of Euronext’s diversified business model in a more challenging trading environment. We recorded strong growth in our non-volume related activities  as well as good performance of derivatives  FX and power trading activities. Euronext confirmed its position as the main trading venue in Europe this quarter  providing market participants with the highest market quality and depth. Combined with continued cost discipline  in line with our 2022 cost guidance  this led to robust adjusted EBITDA and adjusted net income.We continued working on the integration of the Borsa Italiana Group and delivery of the ‘Growth for Impact 2024’ strategic plan. €24.4 million cumulated run-rate annual synergies in relation to the acquisition of the Borsa Italiana Group were reached at the end of Q3 2022.Going forward  the simplification of listing rules in Italy announced in September will facilitate access to financing for local and international issuers  further reinforcing Euronext’s position as the leading listing venue in Europe. Additional major milestones in the delivery of our ‘Growth for Impact 2024’ strategic plan will be achieved in 2023. Italian and European clients will soon benefit from the migration of the Italian cash markets to the Euronext state-of-the-art proprietary trading platform Optiq® in March 2023  joining the largest liquidity pool in Europe. In addition  in relation to the acquisition of the Borsa Italiana Group  Euronext Clearing will become the Euronext clearing house of choice for equity clearing by the end of 2023. These strategic deliveries will further unlock a significant part of the targeted synergies. Our diversified business model combined with continued cost discipline gives us the confidence to face macro-economic challenges in 2023.”Euronext Q3 2022 financial performanceIn €m  unless stated otherwiseThe figures in this document have not been audited or reviewed by our external auditor. Q3 2022 Q3 2021 % var % var(like-for-like  constant currencies) Revenue and income 301.4 350.6 -14.0% -0.8% Underlying revenue and income 350.3 350.6 -0.1% -0.8% Listing 54.0 50.8 +6.3% +5.9% Trading revenue  of which 117.8 124.2 -5.2% -6.0% Cash trading 67.3 75.0 -10.2% -10.2% Derivatives trading 14.0 13.5 +3.3% +3.2% Fixed income trading 21.4 23.8 -9.8% -9.8% FX trading 7.3 5.6 +30.1% +11.2% Power trading 7.8 6.3 +23.5% +20.2% Investor Services 2.5 2.1 +16.3% +12.2% Advanced Data Services 53.0 49.8 +6.3% +6.5% Post-Trade  of which 86.2 83.1 +3.7% +2.2% Clearing 29.1 27.5 +5.5% +5.5% Custody and Settlement 57.1 55.6 +2.8% +0.5% Euronext Technology Solutions & Other 26.0 24.4 +6.7% +6.5% NTI through CCP business (38.3) 12.9 -395.8% -17.6% Other income (0.5) 0.8 -161.3% -160.6% Transitional revenues 0.6 2.3 -72.0% -72.0% Underlying operational expenses exc. D&A (150.4) (141.5) +6.3% +5.6% Adjusted EBITDA 199.9 209.1 -4.4% -5.2% Adjusted EBITDA margin 57.1% 59.6% -2.6pts -2.6pts Operating expenses exc. D&A (153.0) (149.0) +2.7% +5.6% EBITDA 148.3 201.6 -26.4% -5.2% Depreciation & Amortisation (38.8) (38.5) +0.8% -10.3% Total Expenses (inc. D&A) (191.9) (187.5) +2.3% +3.9% Adjusted operating profit 183.8 191.3 -3.9% -4.7% Operating Profit 109.5 163.1 -32.9% Net financing income / (expense) (4.6) (7.3) -36.6% Results from equity investments 1.7 11.8 -85.5% Profit before income tax 106.6 167.6 -36.4% Income tax expense (27.9) (48.5) -42.6% Share of non-controlling interests (2.9) (3.2) -10.7% Net income  share of the parent company shareholders 75.8 115.8 -34.5% Adjusted Net income  share of the parent company shareholders8 129.5 137.0 -5.5% Adjusted EPS (basic  in€) 1.21 1.25 -3.2% Reported EPS (basic  in€) 0.71 1.08 -34.2% Adjusted EPS (diluted  in€) 1.21 1.25 -3.2% Reported EPS (diluted  in€) 0.71 1.08 -34.2%Q3 2022 revenue and incomeIn Q3 2022  Euronext consolidated revenue and income amounted to €301.4 million  down -14.0% compared to Q3 2021  mainly due to the €49.0 million non-underlying  one-off pre-tax loss (€35 million post-tax) related to the partial disposal of the Euronext Clearing portfolio9  partially offset by the robust performance of non-volume related activities and the good performance of derivatives  FX and power trading activities. Underlying revenue and income  excluding the non-underlying  one-off  loss related to the partial disposal of the Euronext Clearing portfolio  was slightly down -0.8% in Q3 2022  to €350.3 million. On a like-for-like basis and at constant currencies  Euronext consolidated revenue and income was down -0.8% in Q3 2022  to €349.4 million  compared to Q3 2021.Non-volume related revenue accounted for 59% of underlying Group revenue in Q3 2022  compared to 57% in Q3 2021  reflecting the successful diversification towards non-volume related activities and challenging environment for cash trading and MTS cash trading this quarter. The underlying operating expenses excluding D&A coverage by non-volume related revenue ratio was at 138% in Q3 2022  compared to 142% in Q3 2021.Q3 2022 adjusted EBITDAUnderlying operational expenses excluding depreciation and amortisation increased to -€150.4 million  up +6.3%  reflecting continued cost discipline in a post-pandemic context and higher clearing expenses  and in line with 2022 guidance of €612 million underlying costs. On a like-for-like basis  underlying operational expenses excluding depreciation and amortisation increased by +5.6% compared to Q3 2021 that was positively impacted by the decrease of travel and marketing due to the pandemic.Consequently  adjusted EBITDA for the quarter totalled €199.9 million  down -4.4% compared to Q3 2021. This represents an adjusted EBITDA margin of 57.1%  down -2.6 points compared to Q3 2021 due to the decrease in volume-related revenue  which was partly offset by resilient non-trading related revenue and continued cost discipline. On a like-for-like basis  adjusted EBITDA for Q3 2022 was down-5.2%  to €199.3 million  and adjusted EBITDA margin was 57.0%  down -2.6 points compared to the same perimeter in Q3 2021.Q3 2022 net income  share of the parent company shareholdersDepreciation and amortisation accounted for €38.8 million in Q3 2022  stable compared to Q3 2021. PPA related to acquired businesses accounted for €20.9 million.Adjusted operating profit was €183.8 million  a -3.9% decrease compared to Q3 2021. On a like-for-like basis  adjusted operating profit was down -4.7% compared to Q3 2021  at €183.2 million.€25.4 million of non-underlying expenses  including depreciation and amortisation  were reported in Q3 2022  related to the integration of the Borsa Italiana Group  the implementation of the ‘Growth for Impact 2024’ strategic plan and the PPA of acquired businesses.Net financing expense for Q3 2022 was €4.6 million compared to a net financing expense of €7.3 million in Q3 2021. This decrease results from a positive revaluation of foreign currencies balances impact in Q3 2022.Results from equity investments amounted to €1.7 million in Q3 2022  solely representing the contribution received from LCH SA  in which Euronext owns an 11.1% stake. As a reminder  in Q3 2021  Euronext reported €11.8 million of results from equity investments  reflecting a dividend payment by Euroclear in addition to the contribution received from LCH SA.Income tax for Q3 2022 was €27.9 million. This translated into an effective tax rate of 26.2% for the quarter (Q3 2021: €48.5 million and 29.0% respectively).Share of non-controlling interests mainly relating to the Borsa Italiana Group and Nord Pool amounted to €2.9 million in Q3 2022.As a result  the reported net income  share of the parent company shareholders  decreased by -34.5% for Q3 2022 compared to Q3 2021  to €75.8 million  including the one-off loss due to the partial disposal10 of the Euronext Clearing portfolio. This represents a reported EPS of €0.71 basic and €0.71 fully diluted in Q3 2022  compared to €1.08 basic and €1.08 fully diluted in Q3 2021. The weighted number of shares used over the first nine months of 2022 was 106 652 256 for the basic calculation and 106 857 642 for the fully diluted calculation.Adjusted net income  share of the parent company shareholders was down -5.5% to €129.5 million. Adjusted EPS (basic) was down -3.2% in Q3 2022  at €1.21 per share  based on 106 652 256 shares for the first nine months of 2022  compared to an adjusted EPS (basic) of €1.25 per share in Q3 2021  based on 92 447 841 shares for the first nine months of 2021.In Q3 2022  Euronext reported a net cash flow from operating activities of €318.1 million  compared to €213.5 million in Q3 2021  reflecting higher positive changes in working capital partially offsetting the lower profit before tax. Excluding the impact on working capital from Euronext Clearing and Nord Pool CCP activities  net cash flow from operating activities accounted for 179% of EBITDA in Q3 2022.Business highlightsListingin €m  unless stated otherwise Q3 2022 Q3 2021 % change Listing revenue 54.0 50.8 +6.3% Equity 27.4 24.6 +11.2% Annual fees 16.9 15.1 +11.8% Follow-ons 5.4 3.8 +40.7% IPOs 5.1 5.7 -10.2% Debts 8.6 9.3 -7.1% ETFs  Funds & Warrants 5.6 5.5 +1.7% Corporate Services 9.4 9.0 +4.3% ELITE and Other 3.0 2.4 +26.0% Money raised 177 660 379 163 -53.1%Listing revenue was €54.0 million in Q3 2022  an increase of +6.3% compared to Q3 2021  reflecting the resilience of the listing offering driven by the good performance of equity follow-ons  Corporate Services and the positive impact of equity IPO revenue recognition over time11. On a like-for-like basis at constant currencies  listing revenue increased by +5.9% compared to Q3 2021.Euronext’s primary equity listing business sustained its leading position in Europe with 18 new listings in Q3 2022. This compared to 51 new listings in the third quarter of 2021  which was a record year for new listings. The majority of new listings on Euronext were from Tech and innovation-driven companies. The listing of Teract became the sixth successful de-SPAC operation on Euronext markets in 2022  illustrating Euronext’s attractiveness for SPAC listings. In addition  Euronext welcomed its fourth listing from a Euronext Tech Leader company since the inception of the new Tech Leaders programme.In Q3 2022  Euronext’s markets reported €143.8 million raised primary equity issues. This compares to a very strong Q3 2021 with €5.3 billion raised on Euronext primary markets.Euronext’s secondary markets reported €4.8 billion raised in secondary equity issues in Q3 2022  compared to €37.7 billion in Q3 2021.Euronext recorded another strong quarter for ETPs remaining a leading exchange in Europe for the listing of ETPs with 105 new listings.Euronext sustained its position as the leading listing venue for bonds worldwide in Q3 202212 with over 52 500 bonds listed across all Euronext markets  despite a slowdown in global bond listing activity due to rising interest rates and concerns over economic growth. In Q3 2022  €172.8 billion in debt was raised on Euronext markets  reflecting the current market conditions  and compared to €336.2 billion raised in Q3 2021.In total  €177.7 billion in equity and debt was raised on Euronext’s markets in Q3 2022  compared to €379.2 billion in Q3 2021.Euronext Corporate Services reported a solid quarter in terms of revenue at €9.4 million in Q3 2022  up +4.3% compared to Q3 2021  resulting from a solid performance across the offering  despite the seasonally lower activity for events.Tradingin €m  unless stated otherwise Q3 2022 Q3 2021 % change Trading revenue 117.8 124.2 -5.2% Cash trading revenue 67.3 75.0 -10.2% ADV Cash market 9 59910 861-11.6%Derivatives trading revenue 14.0 13.5 +3.3% ADV Derivatives market (in lots) 598 237666 537 -10.2% Fixed income trading revenue 21.4 23.8 -9.8% ADV MTS Cash 15 430 23 388 -34.0% TAADV MTS Repo 323 200 281 898 +14.7% ADV other fixed income 787 673 +16.9% Spot FX trading revenue 7.3 5.6 +30.1% ADV spot FX Market (in USD m) 21 743 17 509 +24.2% Power trading revenue 7.8 6.3 +23.5% ADV Day-ahead power market (in TWH) 2.39 2.02 +18.5% ADV Intraday power market (in TWH) 0.10 0.06 +76.8%Trading revenue on a reported basis.Cash tradingCash trading revenue decreased by -10.2% to €67.3 million in Q3 2022  resulting from lower volumes  which were partially offset by improved revenue capture. Over the third quarter of 2022  Euronext recorded cash average daily volumes of €9.6 billion  a volume decrease of -11.6% compared to Q3 2021. Euronext continued to be the provider of best market quality with a sustained above-average EBBO presence across the equity markets it operates13.Over the third quarter of 2022  Euronext cash trading yield was 0.53 bps  reflecting efficient yield management  and the market share of cash trading averaged 65.9%  in line with pre-COVID pandemic levels.On 13 October 2022  Euronext hosted a virtual educational session on cash equity trading. A replay of the presentation and Q&A session is available here.On a like-for-like basis at constant currencies  cash trading revenue was down -10.2% in Q3 2022 compared to Q3 2021.Derivatives tradingDerivatives trading revenue increased by +3.3% to €14.0 million in Q3 2022 as a result of the strong traction of index derivatives and commodity derivatives trading  combined with enhanced revenue capture  offsetting weaker volumes in equity derivatives trading.During the third quarter of 2022  average daily volume on financial derivatives was 513 781 lots  down -12.0% from Q3 2021 due to a decrease in equity futures and options trading  reflecting a strong comparison basis with a more dynamic environment for corporate events than usual in Q3 2021  and some uncertainties around derivatives transaction tax treatment in Q3 2022.Average daily volumes on commodity derivatives were at 84 456 lots in Q3 2022  up +1.9% compared to Q3 2021  driven by a recovery of the high price environment at the end of the quarter and reflecting the quality of Euronext commodities flows from both financial and commercial players.Euronext revenue capture on derivatives trading was €0.35 per lot for the third quarter of 2022  reflecting a positively geared volume mix and solid revenue capture.On a like-for-like basis at constant currencies  derivatives trading revenue was up +3.2% in Q3 2022 compared to Q3 2021.Fixed income tradingFixed income trading reported revenue was at €21.4 million in Q3 2022  compared to €23.8 million in Q3 2021  reflecting an economic environment in Europe favouring money market trading volumes. MTS reported an overall robust performance in markets dominated by increasing interest rates. For the third quarter of 2022  MTS Cash reported €13.1 million of revenue and MTS Repo reported €5.4 million of revenue.The third quarter saw the strong traction in Repo trading continue  with term-adjusted average daily volumes up +14.7% compared to Q3 2021 to €323.2 billion. This partially offset lower MTS Cash average daily volumes  down -34.0% to €15.4 billion  compared to €23.4 billion in Q3 2021.On a like-for-like basis at constant currencies  fixed income trading revenue was down -9.8% in Q3 2022 compared to Q3 2021.FX tradingFX trading reported revenue at €7.3 million in Q3 2022  up +30.1% from Q3 2021. Euronext FX trading volumes and revenue benefited from the continued positive momentum with heightened volatility  geographic expansion and product diversification.Over the third quarter of 2022  average daily volumes of USD21.7 billion were recorded  up +24.2% compared to Q3 2021.On a like-for-like basis at constant currencies  FX trading revenue was up +11.2% in Q3 2022 compared to Q3 2021.Power tradingPower trading reported €7.8 million in revenue in Q3 2022  representing a strong growth of +23.5% compared to Q3 2021  driven by dynamic volumes  the increased footprint of Nord Pool in central Europe  UK and Ireland  and a continued robust performance in the Nordics. Over the third quarter of 2022  average daily day-ahead power traded was 2.39TWh  up +18.5% compared to Q3 2021  and average daily intraday power traded was 0.10TWh  up +76.8% compared to Q3 2021.On a like-for-like basis at constant currencies  power trading revenue was up +20.2% compared to Q3 2021.Investor ServicesInvestor Services reported €2.5 million revenue in Q3 2022  representing a +16.3% increase compared to a very strong Q3 2021  resulting from continued commercial expansion partially offset by a reduction of scope.On a like-for-like basis at constant currencies  Investor Services revenue was up +12.2% compared to Q3 2021.Advanced Data ServicesAdvanced Data Services revenue was €53.0 million in Q3 2022  up +6.3% from Q3 2021  driven by the strong traction of the core data business  solid index activities and good momentum of the advanced data solutions franchise.On a like-for-like basis at constant currencies  Advanced Data Services revenue was up +6.5% compared to Q3 2021.Post Tradein €m  unless stated otherwise Q3 2022 Q3 2021 % var Post-trade revenue (exc. NTI) 86.2 83.1 +3.7% Clearing 29.1 27.5 +5.5% Revenue from LCH SA 18.7 17.1 +9.4% Revenue from Euronext Clearing 10.4 10.5 -0.8% Custody  Settlement and other Post-Trade activities 57.1 55.6 +2.8% Net treasury income through CCP business (38.3) 12.9 -395.8%ClearingClearing revenue was up +5.5% to €29.1 million in Q3 2022  as a result of solid activity from Euronext Clearing and higher revenue received from LCH SA driven by increased derivatives and bond clearing volumes. Non-volume related clearing revenue (including membership fees  treasury income received from LCH SA) accounted for €9.5 million of the total clearing revenue in Q3 2022.Euronext Clearing activities reflected an uplift in cleared volumes for derivatives and bond clearing. In Q3 2022  Euronext Clearing revenue included €1.5 million from derivatives clearing  €3.8 million from equities clearing  and €2.2 million from bonds clearing.On a like-for-like basis at constant currencies  clearing revenue was up +5.5% compared to Q3 2021.Net treasury incomeAs announced with the Q2 2022 results  Euronext Clearing has engaged in a partial disposal of its portfolio14. Subsequently  a one-off pre-tax loss of €49.0 million has been recorded in Q3 2022 as net treasury income. The post-tax impact is a loss of €35 million. As a consequence  the net treasury income reported a loss of €38.3 million in Q3 2022. Adjusting for the one-off impact mentioned above  the net treasury income was at €10.7 million  reflecting a lower spread compared to Q2 2022 on stable level of cash held over the quarter.As the sale of the portfolio had no negative impact on the available capital of the Group  Euronext decided that the dividend for the fiscal year 2022 will be adjusted to neutralize any negative impact from this operation.Custody  Settlement and other Post-Trade activitiesRevenue from Custody  Settlement and other Post-Trade activities  including the activities of Euronext Securities (Copenhagen  Milan  Oslo  Porto)  was €57.1 million in Q3 2022  up +2.8% compared to Q3 2021  resulting from the diversified business model of Euronext Securities enabling it to capture value in a normalising settlement environment. 29 541 795 settlement instructions were processed in the third quarter of 2022 and assets under custody reached €6.1 trillion. As a reminder  the third quarter is usually the lowest quarter in Euronext Securities activity  reflecting several seasonal impacts.On a like-for-like basis at constant currencies  Custody  Settlement and other Post-Trade revenue was up +0.5% compared to Q3 2021.Euronext Technologies and Other revenueEuronext Technologies and Other revenue grew to €26.0 million in Q3 2022  up +6.7% from Q3 2021  reflecting a whole quarter of additional revenue generated through Euronext’s new Core Data Centre following the migration to the new data centre on 6 June 2022.On a like-for-like basis at constant currencies  Euronext Technologies and Other revenue was up +6.5% compared to Q3 2021.Q3 2022 corporate highlights since publication of the Q2 2022 results on 28 July 2022New listing framework in ItalyOn 23 September 2022  Euronext announced the simplification of the listing rules at Borsa Italiana  to the benefit of companies aiming to raise capital on its regulated market  Euronext Milan. Driven by the integration of Borsa Italiana into Euronext  the changes to Euronext Milan’s listing rules align the listing process in Italy with European and global standards.The amendments to the listing rules of Euronext Milan aim to simplify the requirements for issuers preparing to go public  thereby reducing workload and time for market participants.Specifically  the documentation requirements  the extent of Borsa Italiana’s role in reviewing listings and the Sponsor’s responsibilities have been significantly simplified.These simplifications are in line with Euronext’s commitment to facilitating access to financing on its venues  for both local and international issuers.The migration of Borsa Italiana markets to Euronext’s state-of-the-art Optiq® technology and single order book  planned for 202315  will bring further benefits to Italian capital markets  increasing the liquidity and visibility of Italian issuers.The amendments to the Borsa Italiana listing rules came into force on 3 October 2022.ESG innovation across the GroupEuronext has introduced a new section for ESG bonds from companies with the most ambitious climate targets  aligned with the aim to limit the global temperature increase to 1.5°C. To be included in this section  issuers of ESG bonds must have committed to science-based climate targets for a 1.5° pathway  validated by the SBTi.Euronext ESG Funds are now available to investors via a trading platform for open-ended investment funds. It gives investors access to a broad range of ESG funds available from leading asset managers within a safe and secure trading infrastructure. ESG funds available on Euronext are classified as Article 8 funds (light green) or Article 9 funds (dark green) in line with the product classifications in the SFDR.New family of crypto indicesIn August 2022  Euronext introduced a family of indices which provide institutional investors with independent and robust cryptocurrency reference prices  to meet their growing need for diversification. This initiative is part of Euronext’s strategy aiming to offer its clients indirect exposure to crypto assets through a diversified product set.Based on a resilient methodology developed by Compass Financial Technologies  Euronext Crypto Indices serve as independent and transparent prices to value cryptocurrency portfolios  or as benchmarks for investors wishing to issue investment products tracking cryptocurrency prices.Euronext Crypto Indices are calculated based on the collection of all observable rates for one specific cryptocurrency on different selected cyptocurrency exchanges16  following a methodology designed by Compass Financial Technologies  the BMR Index Administrator and Calculation Agent. To be considered as eligible  exchanges need to meet strict criteria in terms of compliance and regulation  transparency  reliability  continuity and IT robustness.Corporate highlights since 30 September 2022Maturities on the Total Return Future on the CAC 40® Index extended to ten yearsEuronext announced the extension of the maturities available on the Total Return Future on the CAC 40® Index17. By making additional maturities up to ten years available on this contract  Euronext further meets the needs of its long-term investors for more capital efficiency.Euronext 2023 financial calendarFull-year 2022 results: Release on Thursday 9 February 2023  after market closing Analysts conference on Friday 10 February 2023  at 9.00am (CET) Quiet period from 20 January to 9 February 2023Q1 2023 results: Release on Tuesday 16 May 2023  after market closing Analysts conference on Wednesday 17 May 2023  at 9.00am (CEST) Quiet period from 26 April to 16 May 2023Annual General Meeting of Shareholders: Wednesday 17 May 2023  at 10.30am (CEST)Q2 2023 results: Release on Thursday 27 July 2023  after market closing Analysts conference on Friday 28 July 2023  at 9.00am (CEST) Quiet period from 10 July to 27 July 2023Q3 2023 results: Release on Wednesday 8 November 2023  after market closing Analysts conference on Thursday 9 November 2023  at 9.00am (CET) Quiet period from 19 October to 8 November 2023AgendaA conference call and a webcast will be held on 4 November 2022  at 09.00am CET (Paris time) / 08.00am GMT (London time):Conference call:To connect to the conference call  please dial:UK Number: +44 33 0551 0200 NO Number: +47 2 156 3318 FR Number: +33 1 70 37 71 66 PT Number: +351 3 0880 2081 NL Number: +31 20 708 5073 IR Number: +353 1 436 0959 US Number: +1 212 999 6659 IT Number: +39 06 8336 0400 BE Number: +32 2 789 8603 DE Number: +49 30 3001 90612Password: EuronextLive webcast:For the live audio webcast go to: Euronext Results webcastThe webcast will be available for replay after the call will be available at the webcast link and on the Euronext Investor Relations webpage.CONTACT ANALYSTS & INVESTORS – ir@euronext.com Aurélie Cohen +33 1 70 48 24 27 ir@euronext.com Clément Kubiak +33 1 70 48 26 33 ir@euronext.comCONTACTS MEDIA – mediateam@euronext.com Aurélie Cohen (Europe) +33 1 70 48 24 45 parispressoffice@euronext.com Marianne Aalders (Amsterdam) +31 20 721 41 33 maalders@euronext.com Pascal Brabant (Brussels) +32 2 620 15 50 pbrabant@euronext.com Sandra Machado (Lisbon) +351 210 600 614 smachado@euronext.com Andrea Monzani (Europe/Milan/Rome) +39 02 72 42 62 13 Italypressoffice@euronext.com Cathrine Lorvik Segerlund (Oslo) +47 41 69 59 10 clsegerlund@euronext.com Sarah Mound (Paris/Dublin) +33 1 70 48 24 45 parispressoffice@euronext.comAbout EuronextEuronext is the leading pan-European market infrastructure  connecting European economies to global capital markets  to accelerate innovation and sustainable growth. It operates regulated exchanges in Belgium  France  Ireland  Italy  the Netherlands  Norway and Portugal. With close to 2 000 listed issuers and around €5.7 trillion in market capitalisation as of end September 2022  it has an unmatched blue-chip franchise and a strong diverse domestic and international client base. Euronext operates regulated and transparent equity and derivatives markets  one of Europe’s leading electronic fixed income trading markets and is the largest centre for debt and funds listings in the world. Its total product offering includes Equities  FX  Exchange Traded Funds  Warrants & Certificates  Bonds  Derivatives  Commodities and Indices. The Group provides a multi-asset clearing house through Euronext Clearing  and custody and settlement services through Euronext Securities central securities depositories in Denmark  Italy  Norway and Portugal. Euronext also leverages its expertise in running markets by providing technology and managed services to third parties. In addition to its main regulated market  it also operates a number of junior markets  simplifying access to listing for SMEs.For the latest news  go to euronext.com or follow us on Twitter ( twitter.com/ euronext ) and LinkedIn ( linkedin.com/ euronex t ).DisclaimerThis press release is for information purposes only: it is not a recommendation to engage in investment activities and is provided “as is”  without representation or warranty of any kind. While all reasonable care has been taken to ensure the accuracy of the content  Euronext does not guarantee its accuracy or completeness. Euronext will not be held liable for any loss or damages of any nature ensuing from using  trusting or acting on information provided. No information set out or referred to in this publication may be regarded as creating any right or obligation. The creation of rights and obligations in respect of financial products that are traded on the exchanges operated by Euronext’s subsidiaries shall depend solely on the applicable rules of the market operator. All proprietary rights and interest in or connected with this publication shall vest in Euronext. This press release speaks only as of this date. Euronext refers to Euronext N.V. and its affiliates. Information regarding trademarks and intellectual property rights of Euronext is available at www.euronext.com/terms-use.© 2022  Euronext N.V. - All rights reserved.The Euronext Group processes your personal data in order to provide you with information about Euronext (the ""Purpose""). With regard to the processing of this personal data  Euronext will comply with its obligations under Regulation (EU) 2016/679 of the European Parliament and Council of 27 April 2016 (General Data Protection Regulation  “GDPR”)  and any applicable national laws  rules and regulations implementing the GDPR  as provided in its privacy statement available at: www.euronext.com/privacy-policy. In accordance with the applicable legislation you have rights with regard to the processing of your personal data: for more information on your rights  please refer to: www.euronext.com/data_subjects_rights_request_information. To make a request regarding the processing of your data or to unsubscribe from this press release service  please use our data subject request form at connect2.euronext.com/form/data-subjects-rights-request or email our Data Protection Officer at dpo@euronext.com.AppendixAdjustments in financial disclosureTo highlight its underlying performance  since Q1 2022  Euronext is publishing underlying recurring costs  adjusted EBITDA and non-recurring costs.Euronext has removed the exceptional items line from its financial statements. Consequently  costs previously reported as exceptional items have from Q1 2022 been included into their respective lines within Euronext operating expenses as non-recurring items.The €150 million of implementation costs to deliver on the ‘Growth for Impact 2024’ strategic plan targets are therefore considered as non-recurring items and will be withdrawn from Q1 2022 from underlying recurring costs.The computation of adjusted net income and earnings per share has been adjusted accordingly. The computation of reported net income and earnings per share are not impacted.2024 strategic plan targets remain unchanged and are not affected by this change in reporting.The new non-IFRS indicators are defined below.Non-IFRS financial measuresFor comparative purposes  the company provides unaudited non-IFRS measures including:Operational expenses excluding depreciation and amortisation  underlying operational expenses excluding depreciation and amortisation;EBITDA  EBITDA margin  adjusted EBITDA  adjusted EBITDA margin.Non-IFRS measures are defined as follows:Operational expenses excluding depreciation and amortisation as the total of salary and employee benefits  and other operational expenses;Underlying operational expenses excluding depreciation and amortisation as the total of salary and employee benefits  and other operational expenses  excluding non-recurring costs;Underlying revenue and income as the total of revenue and income  excluding non-recurring revenue and income;Non-underlying items as items of revenue  income and expense that are material by their size and/or that are infrequent and unusual by their nature or incidence are not considered to be recurring in the normal course of business and are classified as non-underlying items on the face of the income statement within their relevant category in order to provide further understanding of the ongoing sustainable performance of the Group;Adjusted operating profit as the operating profit adjusted for any non-underlying revenue and income and non-underlying costs  including PPA of acquired businesses;EBITDA as the operating profit before depreciation and amortisation;Adjusted EBITDA as the adjusted operating profit before depreciation and amortisation adjusted for any non-underlying operational expenses excluding depreciation and amortisation;EBITDA margin as EBITDA divided by total revenue and income;Adjusted EBITDA margin as adjusted EBITDA  divided by total revenue and income;Adjusted net income  as the net income  share of the parent company shareholders  adjusted for any non-underlying items and related tax impact.Non-IFRS financial measures are not meant to be considered in isolation or as a substitute for comparable IFRS measures and should be read only in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements.Non-volume related revenue definitionNon-volume related revenue includes Listing excl. IPOs  Advanced Data Services  Custody Settlement and other post-trade  fixed revenue from the Clearing activities (including for instance NTI and membership fees)  Investor Services  Technology Solutions  Other Income and Transitional Revenue.Adjusted EPS definitionin €m unless stated otherwise Q3 2022 Q3 2021 Net income reported 75.8 115.8 EPS reported (€ per share) 0.71 1.08 Adjustments of which Revenues and income (48.9) - of which Operating expenses excluding D&A (2.6) (7.5) of which Depreciation and amortisation (22.7) (20.7) of which Net financing expense 0.1 - of which Results from equity investments (0.0) - of which Non-controlling interest 0.2 0.1 Tax related to those items 20.3 7.0 Net income adjusted 129.5 137.0 EPS adjusted (€ per share) 1.21 1.25The figures in this document have not been audited or reviewed by our external auditorConsolidated income statementQ3 2022 Q3 2021 in € million  unless stated otherwise Underlying Non-underlying Reported Underlying Non-underlying Reported Revenue and income 350.3 (48.9) 301.4 350.6 - 350.6 Listing 54.0 - 54.0 50.8 - 50.8 Trading revenue  of which 117.8 - 117.8 124.2 - 124.2 Cash trading 67.3 - 67.3 75.0 - 75.0 Derivatives trading 14.0 - 14.0 13.5 - 13.5 Fixed income trading 21.4 - 21.4 23.8 - 23.8 FX trading 7.3 - 7.3 5.6 - 5.6 Power Trading 7.8 - 7.8 6.3 - 6.3 Investor services 2.5 - 2.5 2.1 - 2.1 Advanced data services 53.0 - 53.0 49.8 - 49.8 Post-trade  of which 86.2 - 86.2 83.1 - 83.1 Clearing 29.1 - 29.1 27.5 - 27.5 Custody & Settlement and other 57.1 - 57.1 55.6 - 55.6 Euronext Technology Solutions & other revenue 26.0 (0.0) 26.0 24.4 - 24.4 Net Financing Income through CCP business 10.7 (49.0) (38.3) 12.9 - 12.9 Other income (0.5) - (0.5) 0.8 - 0.8 Transitional revenues 0.6 - 0.6 2.3 - 2.3 Operating expenses excluding D&A (150.4) (2.6) (153.0) (141.5) (7.5) (149.0) Salaries and employee benefits (75.4) (1.7) (77.0) (72.9) (0.1) (73.0) Other operational expenses  of which (75.0) (1.0) (76.0) (68.6) (7.4) (76.0) System & communication (29.9) (1.5) (31.4) (25.6) (0.3) (25.9) Professional services (13.4) 0.6 (12.8) (16.5) (6.7) (23.2) Clearing expense (8.8) - (8.8) (8.2) - (8.2) Accommodation (3.4) (0.0) (3.4) (2.6) (0.0) (2.6) Other operational expenses (19.5) (0.0) (19.5) (15.6) (0.4) (16.1) EBITDA 199.9 (51.7) 148.3 209.1 (7.5) 201.6 EBITDA margin 57.1% 49.2% 59.6% 57.5% Depreciation & amortisation (16.1) (22.7) (38.8) (17.8) (20.7) (38.5) Total expenses (166.5) (25.4) (191.9) (159.3) (28.2) (187.5) Operating profit 183.8 (74.3) 109.5 191.3 (28.2) 163.1 Net financing income / (expense) (4.7) 0.1 (4.6) (7.3) - (7.3) Results from equity investment 1.7 (0.0) 1.7 11.8 - 11.8 Profit before income tax 180.8 (74.2) 106.6 195.8 (28.2) 167.6 Income tax expense (48.2) 20.3 (27.9) (55.5) 7.0 (48.5) Non-controlling interests (3.1) 0.2 (2.9) (3.3) 0.1 (3.2) Net income  share of the parent company shareholders 129.5 (53.6) 75.8 137.0 (21.1) 115.8 EPS (basic  in €) 1.21 0.71 1.25 1.08 EPS (diluted  in €) 1.21 0.71 1.25 1.08The figures in this document have not been audited or reviewed by our external auditorConsolidated comprehensive income statementQ3 2022 Q3 2021 Profit for the period 78.7 119.0 Other comprehensive income Items that may be reclassified to profit or loss: – Exchange differences on translation of foreign operations (14.8) 10.2 – Income tax impact on exchange differences on translation of foreign operations 1.4 (1.2) – Change in value of debt investments at fair value through other comprehensive income (10.0) (2.2) – Realisation of fair value changes upon disposal of debt investments 49.0 - – Income tax impact on change in value of debt investments at fair value throughother comprehensive income (11.2) 0.6 Items that will not be reclassified to profit or loss: – Change in value of equity investments at fair value through other comprehensive income - 0.0 – Income tax impact on change in value of equity investments at fair value throughother comprehensive income - (0.0) – Income tax impact on remeasurements of post-employment benefit obligations - 0.0 Other comprehensive income for the period  net of tax 14.3 7.5 Total comprehensive income for the period 93.0 126.6 Comprehensive income attributable to: – Owners of the parent 90.0 123.2 – Non-controlling interests 3.0 3.4The figures in this document have not been audited or reviewed by our external auditorConsolidated balance sheetin € million 30 September 2022 30 June 2022 Non-current assets Property  plant and equipment 103.5 103.8 Right-of-use assets 48.0 53.2 Goodwill and other intangible assets 6 125.0 6 145.1 Deferred income tax assets 38.5 49.8 Investments in associates and joint ventures 68.6 67.0 Financial assets at fair value through OCI 290.8 291.6 Other non-current assets 8.4 9.3 Total non-current assets 6 682.8 6 719.7 Current assets Trade and other receivables 415.9 583.7 Income tax receivable 15.4 15.6 Derivative financial instruments 0.2 0.1 CCP clearing business assets 157 608.6 168 663.0 Other current financial assets 139.3 142.6 Cash & cash equivalents 1 212.9 946.6 Total current assets 159 392.4 170 351.6 Assets from disposal groups held for sale 4.9 4.7 Total assets 166 080.1 177 076.0 Equity Shareholders' equity 3 789.1 3 697.6 Non-controlling interests 85.7 82.9 Total Equity 3 874.8 3 780.6 Non-current liabilities Borrowings 3 026.0 3 024.9 Lease liabilities 27.5 33.4 Deferred income tax liabilities 577.2 584.6 Post-employment benefits 21.1 20.7 Contract liabilities 66.7 68.9 Other provisions 7.8 7.8 Total Non-current liabilities 3 726.3 3 740.2 Current liabilities Borrowings 10.4 3.4 Lease liabilities 25.1 24.5 CCP clearing business liabilities 157 570.7 168 696.5 Income tax payable 45.5 41.9 Trade and other payables 728.8 675.1 Contract liabilities 97.2 112.0 Other provisions 0.4 1.0 Total Current liabilities 158 478.1 169 554.5 Liabilities from disposal groups held for sale 0.9 0.7 Total equity and liabilities 166 080.1 177 076.0The consolidated Balance Sheet includes the Euronext Clearing (CC&G) business assets and liabilitiesThe figures in this document have not been audited or reviewed by our external auditorConsolidated statement of cash flowsin € million Q3 2022 Q3 2021 Profit before tax 106.6 167.6 Adjustments for: - Depreciation and amortisation 38.8 38.5 - Share based payments 2.6 2.5 - Share of profit from associates and joint ventures (1.7) (2.6) - Changes in working capital 200.6 34.4 Cash flow from operating activities 346.9 240.4 Income tax paid (28.8) (26.9) Net cash flows from operating activities 318.1 213.5 Cash flow from investing activities Acquisition of subsidiaries  net of cash acquired (0.0) (12.6) Proceeds from sale of subsidiary 0.1 - Purchase of current financial assets (15.0) (2.2) Redemption of current financial assets 16.5 0.1 Purchase of property  plant and equipment (5.5) (13.6) Purchase of intangible assets (22.5) (8.1) Proceeds from sale of property  plant  equipment and intangible assets - 0.0 Dividends received from equity investments - 9.2 Dividends received from associates 0.0 6.7 Net cash flow from investing activities (26.3) (20.7) Cash flow from financing activities Proceeds from borrowings  net of transaction fees - (1.1) Interest paid (0.6) (0.4) Interest received 0.2 - Issuance new shares  net of transaction fees - (0.4) Payment of lease liabilities (5.5) (7.6) Acquisitions of own shares (1.0) (0.1) Employee Share transactions (0.1) 0.0 Dividends paid to the company’s shareholders 0.0 - Dividends paid to non-controlling interests (2.4) (4.3) Net cash flow from financing activities (9.3) (13.8) Total cash flow over the period 282.5 179.0 Cash and cash equivalents - Beginning of period 949.1 620.5 Non cash exchange gains/(losses) on cash and cash equivalents (16.6) 3.0 Cash and cash equivalents - End of period 1 215.0 802.5Cash and cash equivalents – End of period also include the cash included in the assets hald for sale in the balance sheetThe figures in this document have not been audited or reviewed by our external auditorLast twelve months income statementFor informative purpose only  the financial information provided below have not been audited or reviewed by our external auditorin € million Q4 2021 Reported Q1 2022 Reported Q2 2022 Reported Q3 2022 Reported Last 12 months Revenue and income 370.1 395.7 374.7 301.4 1 441.9 Listing 51.9 55.4 55.4 54.0 216.8 Trading Revenue of which Cash trading 79.3 94.0 75.3 67.3 315.9 of which Derivatives trading 14.2 16.1 14.9 14.0 59.2 of which Fixed income trading 24.2 24.4 24.9 21.4 95.0 of which FX spot trading 6.1 7.2 7.3 7.3 27.8 of which Power trading 8.5 9.1 6.9 7.8 32.3 Investor Services 2.3 2.2 2.3 2.5 9.3 Advanced Data Services 50.7 52.6 52.0 53.0 208.3 Post trade of which Clearing 30.1 31.9 31.4 29.1 122.6 of which Settlement & Custody 60.7 63.9 62.5 57.1 244.3 Market solutions & other revenues 26.4 23.1 24.1 26.0 99.6 Net treasury income through CCP Business 12.9 13.4 15.7 (38.3) 3.7 Other income 0.6 0.7 1.0 (0.5) 1.9 Transitional revenue 2.0 1.7 0.9 0.6 5.3 Operating expenses excluding D&A (170.6) (149.1) (161.1) (153.0) (633.8)Underlying operating expenses excluding D&A (156.6) (143.6) (153.0) (150.4) (603.6) Adjusted EBITDA 213.4 252.2 221.7 199.9 887.2Adjusted EBITDA margin 57.7% 63.7% 59.2% 57.1% 59.4% EBITDA 199.5 246.7 213.6 148.3 808.1 D&A (48.9) (40.2) (38.5) (38.8) (166.4)Total expenses (219.4) (189.3) (199.6) (191.9) (800.2)Operating profit 150.6 206.4 175.1 109.5 641.7Adjusted operating profit 194.1 233.7 206.9 183.8 818.5Net financing income/(expense) (6.7) (9.9) (9.1) (4.6) (30.3) Results from Equity investments 7.3 3.1 1.2 1.7 13.4 Income tax (35.7) (52.0) (45.2) (27.9) (160.8)Tax rate 23.6% 26.1% 27.1% 26.2% 25.7%Non-controlling interests (2.9) (3.8) (3.1) (2.9) (12.7)Reported net income  share of the parent company shareholders 112.7 143.8 118.9 75.8 451.2 Adjusted net income  share of the parent company shareholders 144.6 164.4 143.2 129.5 581.7Volumes for the second quarter of 2022Cash marketsQ3 2022 Q3 2021 %var Number of trading days 66 66 Number of transactions (buy and sells  inc. reported trades) Total Cash Market 189 358 000 210 289 226 -10.0% ADV Cash Market 2 869 061 3 186 200 -10.0% Transaction value ( € million  single counted) Total Cash Market 633 536 716 794 -11.6% ADV Cash Market 9 599 10 861 -11.6% Listings Number of Issuers on Equities Euronext 1 943 1 918 +1.3% SMEs 1 561 1 488 +4.9% Number of Listed Securities Funds 2 847 3 116 -8.6% ETFs 3 759 3 260 +15.3% Bonds 52 712 52 180 +1.0% Capital raised on primary and secondary market Total Euronext  in €m Number of new equity listings 18 51 Money Raised - New equity listings (incl over allotment) 144 5 286 -97.3% Money Raised - Follow-ons on equities 4 766 37 723 -87.4% Money Raised - Bonds 172 750 336 154 -48.6% Total Money Raised 177 660 379 163 -53.1% of which SMEs Number of new equity listings 17 46 Money Raised - New equity listings (incl over allotment) 144 1 757 -91.8% Money Raised - Follow-ons on equities 1 879 2 102 -10.6% Money Raised - Bonds 169 691 -75.5% Total Money Raised 2 192 4 550 -51.8%Fixed income marketsQ3 2022 Q3 2021 % var Transaction value (€ million  single counted) MTS ADV MTS Cash 15 430 23 388 -34.0% TAADV MTS Repo 323 200 281 898 +14.7% Other fixed income ADV Fixed income 787 673 +16.9%FX marketsQ3 2022 Q3 2021 % var Number of trading days 66 66 FX volume ($m  single counted) Total Euronext FX 1 435 005 1 155 586 +24.2% ADV Euronext FX 21 743 17 509 +24.2%Power marketsQ3 2022 Q3 2021 % var Number of trading days 92 92 Power volume (in TWh) ADV Day-ahead Power Market 2.39 2.02 +18.5% ADV Intraday Power Market 0.10 0.06 +76.8%Derivatives marketsQ3 2022 Q3 2021 % var Number of trading days 66 66 Derivatives Volume (in lots) Equity 33 909 567 38 523 610 -12.0% Index 15 839 216 14 597 938 +8.5% Futures 10 352 237 9 865 105 +4.9% Options 5 486 979 4 732 833 +15.9% Individual Equity 18 070 351 23 925 672 -24.5% Futures 843 039 4 344 430 -80.6% Options 17 227 312 19 581 242 -12.0% Commodity 5 574 098 5 467 861 +1.9% Futures 4 883 356 4 848 475 +0.7% Options 690 742 619 386 +11.5% Total Euronext 39 483 665 43 991 471 -10.2% Total Futures 16 078 632 19 058 010 -15.6% Total Options 23 405 033 24 933 461 -6.1% Derivatives ADV (in lots) Equity 513 781 583 691 -12.0% Index 239 988 221 181 +8.5% Futures 156 852 149 471 +4.9% Options 83 136 71 710 +15.9% Individual Equity 273 793 362 510 -24.5% Futures 12 773 65 825 -80.6% Options 261 020 296 685 -12.0% Commodity 84 456 82 846 1.9% Futures 73 990 73 462 +0.7% Options 10 466 9 385 +11.5% Total Euronext 598 237 666 537 -2.6% Total Futures 243 616 288 758 -9.6% Total Options 354 622 377 780 +2.7%Derivatives open interest30 September 2022 30 September 2021 % var Open interest (in lots) Equity 26 554 341 23 391 581 13.5% Index 1 460 076 1 692 347 -13.72% Futures 640 765 785 129 -18.39% Options 819 311 907 218 -9.69% Individual Equity 25 094 265 21 699 234 15.65% Futures 581 797 1 915 961 -69.63% Options 24 512 468 19 783 273 23.91% Commodity 1 130 938 1 112 965 1.61% Futures 665 792 717 774 -7.24% Options 465 146 395 191 17.70% Total Euronext 27 685 279 24 504 546 12.98% Total Futures 1 888 354 3 418 864 -44.77% Total Options 25 796 925 21 085 682 22.34%1 Underlying revenue excludes €49.0 million non-underlying  one-off loss (€35 million post tax) related to the partial disposal of the Euronext Clearing portfolio. Please refer to the section on net treasury income section and https://www.euronext.com/en/investor-relations/financial-calendar/q2-2022-results for more details.2 Unless specified otherwise  percentages refer to Q3 2022 compared to Q3 2021.3 Definition in appendix – Adjusted for non-underlying operating expenses excluding D&A and non-underlying revenue and income.4 Definition in appendix.5 Basic weighted average number of shares at 106 652 256 for 9M 2022  9M 2021 basic outstanding shares at 92 447 841 shares.6 Like-for-like revenue at constant currencies for 2021 and 2022 excludes Euronext Funds360 and the activities acquired from Spafid by Euronext Securities  as well as related costs.7 Last twelve months reported EBITDA  including costs previously reported as exceptional items8 For the total adjustments performed please refer to the appendix of this press release9 For more details on the partial disposal of the portfolio  see Net treasury income section of this press release and the announcement of the portfolio re-allocation in the Q2 2022 results press release: https://www.euronext.com/en/investor-relations/financial-information/regulated-information-and-investor-news/euronext-212.10 Please refer to the Net treasury income section and https://www.euronext.com/en/investor-relations/financial-calendar/q2-2022-results for more details.11 Admission fees are recognised over a period of 3-5 years according to the principles of IFRS 15.12 According to FESE (Federation of European Securities Exchanges).Figures for money raised figures have been restated1 Source of the EBBO presence: BMLL14 In July 2022  Euronext Clearing reduced its investment portfolio with the aim of strengthening and preserving its available regulatory capital and aligning the investment strategy to the current level of market volatility and uncertainty. Euronext Clearing disposed of its portfolio maturing after 1st May 2023 and retained its short-term portfolio maturing through April 2023 and hold these to maturity. At the beginning of Q2 2023  Euronext Clearing will no longer hold an outright portfolio. Please refer to https://www.euronext.com/en/investor-relations/financial-calendar/q2-2022-results for more details.15 Pending regulatory approval16 Exchanges currently include Bitstamp  Bitfinex  BitFlyer  Bittrex  BinanceUS  Coinbase  Gemini  ItBit  Kraken  Lmax and Okcoin17 www.euronext.com/for-investors/financial-derivatives/total-return-futuresAttachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.25,0.3,0.45,True,English,"['Q3 2022 results', 'Euronext', 'Contacts Media Contact Investor Relations', 'new Euronext Tech Leaders segment', 'diversified Euronext Securities business model', '€0.3 million run-rate annual synergies', 'cumulated run-rate annual synergies', 'non -volume related business', 'leading pan-European market infrastructure', 'Italian capital market ecosystem', 'Borsa Italiana cash markets', 'Advanced Data Services revenue', 'Borsa Italiana Group acquisition', 'diversified business model', 'Euronext second quarter 2022 results', 'tough market conditions', 'Four new companies', 'MTS Cash volumes', 'efficient yield management', '18 new equity listings', 'parent company shareholders', 'cumulated implementation costs', 'lower cash equity', 'Non-volume related revenue', 'new listing framework', 'normalising settlement environment', 'Net financing expenses', 'Income tax rate', 'Euronext Clearing portfolio', 'derivatives clearing activity', 'underlying operating expenses', 'Net treasury income', 'Q3 2022 underlying revenue', 'targeted synergies', 'leading venue', 'Italian issuers', 'underlying costs', 'Solid quarter', 'third quarter', 'Settlement revenue', 'Clearing revenue', 'inflationary environment', 'equity investments', 'operational expenses', 'Listing revenue', 'Net debt', 'debt listing', 'Trading revenue', 'Post-trade revenue', 'l6 Revenue', 'net income', 'cost discipline', '2022 cost guidance', 'strong performance', 'D&A', 'strong quarters', 'power trading', 'growing bonds', 'pre-tax loss', 'partial disposal', 'one-off loss', 'Key figures', 'two periods', 'Continued delivery', 'Continued advancement', 'global standards', 'first phase', 'proprietary trading', 'share count', 'EBITDA margin', 'Q3 2022 results', 'Amsterdam', 'Brussels', 'Dublin', 'Lisbon', 'Milan', 'Oslo', 'Paris', '3 November', 'FX', 'Custody', 'resilience', 'launch', 'June', 'offering', 'EPS', 'var', 'income1', 'end', 'September', 'integration', 'Italy', 'harmonisation', 'migration', 'Optiq ®', 'March', '70', '2.6', '26.2', '4']",2022-11-03,2022-11-03,globenewswire.com
12588,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2022/11/03/2548093/0/en/Euronext-announces-its-financial-calendar-for-2023.html,Euronext announces its financial calendar for 2023,Contacts Media  Contact Investor Relations  Amsterdam  +31 20 721 4133  Brussels  +32 2 620 15 50  +33 1 70 48 24 27  Dublin  +33 1 70 48 24 45 ......,"Contacts Media Contact Investor Relations Amsterdam +31 20 721 4133 Brussels +32 2 620 15 50 +33 1 70 48 24 27 Dublin +33 1 70 48 24 45 Lisbon +351 210 600 614 Milan +39 02 72 42 62 12 Oslo +47 41 69 59 10 Paris +33 1 70 48 24 45Euronext announces its financial calendar for 2023Amsterdam  Brussels  Dublin  Lisbon  Milan  Oslo and Paris – 3 November 2022 –Euronext  the leading pan-European market infrastucture  today announced its financial calendar for 2023  set as follows:Full-year 202 2 results: Release on Thursday 9 February 2023  after market closing Analysts conference on Friday 10 February 2023  at 9.00am (CET) Quiet period from 20 January to 9 February 2023Q1 202 3 results: Release on Tuesday 16 May 2023  after market closing Analysts conference on Wednesday 17 May 2023  at 9.00am (CEST) Quiet period from 26 April to 16 May 2023Annual General Meeting of Shareholders: Wednesday 17 May 2023  at 10.30am (CEST)Wednesday 17 May 2023  at 10.30am (CEST) H1 202 3 results: Release on Thursday 27 July 2023  after market closing Analysts conference on Friday 28 July 2023  at 9.00am (CEST) Quiet period from 10 July to 27 July 2023Q 3 202 3 results: Release on Wednesday 8 November 2023  after market closing Analysts conference on Thursday 9 November 2023  at 9.00am (CET) Quiet period from 19 October to 8 November 2023All corporate information on Euronext  such as its financial statements or its investors presentations  is available on Euronext’s website in the Investors’ section: ( https://www.euronext.com/investors )ANALYSTS & INVESTORS – ir@euronext.comAurélie Cohen +33 1 70 48 24 27 ir@euronext.com Clément Kubiak +33 1 70 48 26 33 ir@euronext.comAbout EuronextEuronext is the leading pan-European market infrastructure  connecting European economies to global capital markets  to accelerate innovation and sustainable growth. It operates regulated exchanges in Belgium  France  Ireland  Italy  the Netherlands  Norway and Portugal. With close to 2 000 listed equity issuers and around €5.7 trillion in market capitalisation as of end September 2022  it has an unmatched blue chip franchise and a strong diverse domestic and international client base. Euronext operates regulated and transparent equity and derivatives markets  one of Europe’s leading electronic fixed income trading markets and is the largest centre for debt and funds listings in the world. Its total product offering includes Equities  FX  Exchange Traded Funds  Warrants & Certificates  Bonds  Derivatives  Commodities and Indices. The Group provides a multi-asset clearing house through Euronext Clearing  and custody and settlement services through Euronext Securities central securities depositories in Denmark  Italy  Norway and Portugal. Euronext also leverages its expertise in running markets by providing technology and managed services to third parties. In addition to its main regulated market  it also operates a number of junior markets  simplifying access to listing for SMEs.For the latest news  go to euronext.com or follow us on Twitter (twitter.com/euronext) and LinkedIn (linkedin.com/euronext).DisclaimerThis press release is for information purposes only: it is not a recommendation to engage in investment activities and is provided “as is”  without representation or warranty of any kind. While all reasonable care has been taken to ensure the accuracy of the content  Euronext does not guarantee its accuracy or completeness. Euronext will not be held liable for any loss or damages of any nature ensuing from using  trusting or acting on information provided. No information set out or referred to in this publication may be regarded as creating any right or obligation. The creation of rights and obligations in respect of financial products that are traded on the exchanges operated by Euronext’s subsidiaries shall depend solely on the applicable rules of the market operator. All proprietary rights and interest in or connected with this publication shall vest in Euronext. This press release speaks only as of this date. Euronext refers to Euronext N.V. and its affiliates. Information regarding trademarks and intellectual property rights of Euronext is available at www.euronext.com/terms-use.© 2022  Euronext N.V. - All rights reserved.The Euronext Group processes your personal data in order to provide you with information about Euronext (the ""Purpose""). With regard to the processing of this personal data  Euronext will comply with its obligations under Regulation (EU) 2016/679 of the European Parliament and Council of 27 April 2016 (General Data Protection Regulation  “GDPR”)  and any applicable national laws  rules and regulations implementing the GDPR  as provided in its privacy statement available at: www.euronext.com/privacy-policy. In accordance with the applicable legislation you have rights with regard to the processing of your personal data: for more information on your rights  please refer to: www.euronext.com/data_subjects_rights_request_information. To make a request regarding the processing of your data or to unsubscribe from this press release service  please use our data subject request form at connect2.euronext.com/form/data-subjects-rights-request or email our Data Protection Officer at dpo@euronext.com.Attachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.11,0.88,True,English,"['financial calendar', 'Euronext', 'leading electronic fixed income trading markets', 'Contacts Media Contact Investor Relations', 'Euronext Securities central securities depositories', 'unmatched blue chip franchise', 'leading pan-European market infrastucture', 'leading pan-European market infrastructure', 'General Data Protection Regulation', 'Annual General Meeting', 'Aurélie Cohen', 'Clément Kubiak', 'strong diverse domestic', 'international client base', 'total product offering', 'global capital markets', '2,000 listed equity issuers', 'Exchange Traded Funds', 'multi-asset clearing house', 'applicable national laws', 'intellectual property rights', 'Euronext N.V.', 'main regulated market', 'The Euronext Group', 'The Group', 'junior markets', 'transparent equity', 'funds listings', 'applicable legislation', 'derivatives markets', 'personal data', 'market capitalisation', 'market operator', 'financial calendar', 'Quiet period', 'financial statements', 'European economies', 'sustainable growth', 'end September', 'largest centre', 'settlement services', 'managed services', 'third parties', 'latest news', 'investment activities', 'reasonable care', 'financial products', 'European Parliament', 'privacy statement', 'Euronext Clearing', 'applicable rules', 'Analysts conference', 'Full-year 202 2 results', 'Q1 202 3 results', 'H1 202 3 results', 'Friday 10 February', 'Tuesday 16 May', 'investors presentations', 'Investors’ section', 'regulated exchanges', 'press release', 'proprietary rights', 'Wednesday 17 May', 'Thursday 9 February', 'corporate information', 'information purposes', 'Friday 28 July', 'Wednesday 8 November', 'Thursday 9 November', '3 November', '10 July', '27 July', 'Amsterdam', 'Brussels', 'Dublin', 'Lisbon', 'Milan', 'Oslo', 'Paris', '9.00am', 'CET', '20 January', '26 April', 'Shareholders', '10.30am', '19 October', 'website', 'innovation', 'Belgium', 'France', 'Ireland', 'Italy', 'Netherlands', 'Norway', 'Portugal', 'close', 'debt', 'world', 'Equities', 'FX', 'Warrants', 'Certificates', 'Bonds', 'Commodities', 'Indices', 'custody', 'Denmark', 'expertise', 'technology', 'addition', 'number', 'access', 'SMEs', 'Twitter', 'LinkedIn', 'Disclaimer', 'recommendation', 'representation', 'warranty', 'kind', 'accuracy', 'content', 'completeness', 'loss', 'damages', 'nature', 'publication', 'obligation', 'creation', 'respect', 'subsidiaries', 'interest', 'date', 'affiliates', 'trademarks', 'terms', 'order', 'processing', 'Council', '27 April', 'GDPR', 'regulations', 'www', 'privacy-policy', 'accordance', 'regard', 'request', '70']",2022-11-03,2022-11-03,globenewswire.com
12589,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2022/11/03/2548017/0/en/ASM-JOINS-SEMICONDUCTOR-CLIMATE-CONSORTIUM-AS-FOUNDING-MEMBER.html,ASM JOINS SEMICONDUCTOR CLIMATE CONSORTIUM AS FOUNDING MEMBER,Almere  The NetherlandsNovember 03  2022            ASM International (Euronext Amsterdam: ASM) today announced it has joined as a founding member of...,Almere  The NetherlandsNovember 03  2022ASM International (Euronext Amsterdam: ASM) today announced it has joined as a founding member of the Semiconductor Climate Consortium (SCC)  the first global collaborative of semiconductor companies focused on reducing greenhouse gas emissions.The SCC is formed with other companies across the semiconductor value chain and SEMI  the global industry association representing the electronics  manufacturing  and design supply chain. The SCC is established with the goal to build a lasting framework that connects stakeholders to leverage member knowledge and improve the speed and scale by which the industry can respond to climate change.“Focus on sustainability is one of the pillars in our strategy. We are excited to be a founding member of the SCC  which we see as a fundamentally innovative solution to this significant industry challenge.” said Benjamin Loh  CEO of ASM.As ASM works toward its target of Net Zero emissions by 2035  a key benefit of the SCC will be in methods and standards for addressing Scope 3 collaboratively across the semiconductor industry value chain.ASM played a key role in the creation of the SCC  represented by John Golightly  ASM Senior Director of Environmental Health and Safety & Sustainability  who led the formation of  and chaired the SEMI working group that developed the scope and framework of the SCC. “Past methods of engaging our value chain are insufficient given the needed scale and limited time available. Together through the SCC we strive to achieve impact and scale well beyond our individual efforts in response to the climate change.” said John Golightly.“I applaud ASM for its commitment to become a founding member of the Semiconductor Climate Consortium (SCC) and for its continued support of global sustainability efforts ” said Ajit Manocha  SEMI President and CEO. “Individually  SEMI member companies have made tremendous strides on sustainability  but we need to pool industry resources to solve the difficult decarbonization challenges and to meet tracking and reporting requirements across the value chain. The SCC members look forward to defining and prioritizing sustainability goals and to harness the collective energy of the global semiconductor supply chain to create solutions.”The SCC and SEMI will hold launch ceremonies and discussion panels at COP27 in Sharm El-Sheikh  Egypt.About ASM InternationalASM International N.V.  headquartered in Almere  the Netherlands  and its subsidiaries design and manufacture equipment and process solutions to produce semiconductor devices for wafer processing  and have facilities in the United States  Europe  and Asia. ASM International's common stock trades on the Euronext Amsterdam Stock Exchange (symbol ASM). For more information  visit ASM's website at www.asm.comCautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements: All matters discussed in this press release  except for any historical data  are forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements. These include  but are not limited to  economic conditions and trends in the semiconductor industry generally and the timing of the industry cycles specifically  currency fluctuations  corporate transactions  financing and liquidity matters  the success of restructurings  the timing of significant orders  market acceptance of new products  competitive factors  litigation involving intellectual property  shareholders or other issues  commercial and economic disruption due to natural disasters  terrorist activity  armed conflict or political instability  changes in import/export regulations  epidemics and other risks indicated in the Company's reports and financial statements. The Company assumes no obligation nor intends to update or revise any forward-looking statements to reflect future developments or circumstances.CONTACTInvestor and media contact:Victor BareñoT: +31 88 100 8500E: investor.relations@asm.com,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.36,0.05,0.59,True,English,"['SEMICONDUCTOR CLIMATE CONSORTIUM', 'ASM JOINS', 'FOUNDING MEMBER', 'Victor Bareño T', 'Euronext Amsterdam Stock Exchange', 'global semiconductor supply chain', 'ASM International N.V.', 'semiconductor industry value chain', 'design supply chain', 'common stock trades', 'first global collaborative', 'greenhouse gas emissions', 'Net Zero emissions', 'difficult decarbonization challenges', 'global industry association', 'semiconductor value chain', 'Semiconductor Climate Consortium', 'SEMI working group', 'significant industry challenge', 'ASM Senior Director', 'global sustainability efforts', 'The SCC members', 'SEMI member companies', 'semiconductor companies', 'semiconductor devices', 'climate change', 'individual efforts', 'significant orders', 'industry resources', 'industry cycles', 'other companies', 'founding member', 'member knowledge', 'innovative solution', 'Benjamin Loh', 'key benefit', 'key role', 'John Golightly', 'Environmental Health', 'limited time', 'continued support', 'Ajit Manocha', 'SEMI President', 'tremendous strides', 'reporting requirements', 'collective energy', 'discussion panels', 'Sharm El-Sheikh', 'wafer processing', 'United States', 'Cautionary Note', 'Forward-Looking Statements', 'press release', 'historical data', 'actual results', 'economic conditions', 'currency fluctuations', 'corporate transactions', 'market acceptance', 'new products', 'competitive factors', 'intellectual property', 'other issues', 'economic disruption', 'natural disasters', 'terrorist activity', 'armed conflict', 'political instability', 'import/export regulations', 'financial statements', 'future developments', 'The Netherlands', 'The Company', 'sustainability goals', 'lasting framework', 'Past methods', 'process solutions', 'liquidity matters', 'other risks', 'media contact', 'ASM.', 'SCC.', 'Almere', 'November', 'electronics', 'manufacturing', 'stakeholders', 'speed', 'scale', 'Focus', 'pillars', 'strategy', 'CEO', 'target', 'standards', 'creation', 'Safety', 'formation', 'scope', 'impact', 'response', 'commitment', 'tracking', 'launch', 'ceremonies', 'COP27', 'Egypt', 'subsidiaries', 'manufacture', 'equipment', 'facilities', 'Europe', 'Asia', 'symbol', 'website', 'uncertainties', 'trends', 'timing', 'financing', 'success', 'restructurings', 'litigation', 'shareholders', 'commercial', 'changes', 'epidemics', 'reports', 'obligation', 'circumstances', 'Investor']",2022-11-03,2022-11-03,globenewswire.com
12590,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20221103005704/en/Successful-Launch-of-EUTELSAT-HOTBIRD-13G-Satellite,Successful Launch of EUTELSAT HOTBIRD 13G Satellite,PARIS--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Successful launch of EUTELSAT HOTBIRD 13G satellite,"PARIS--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Regulatory News:Eutelsat Communications (Euronext Paris: ETL) (Paris:ETL) announced that EUTELSAT HOTBIRD 13G satellite was successfully launched into Geostationary Transfer Orbit by American space launch provider SpaceX using a Falcon 9 rocket that lifted off from Cape Canaveral  Florida  USA at 1.22 am Eastern time on November 3rd (corresponding to 5.22 am UTC and 6.22 am CET on November 3rd).The separation of the all-electric satellite occurred after a 35-minute flight and the spacecraft systems initialisation was successfully completed over a period of 3 hours.EUTELSAT HOTBIRD 13G is the second of two satellites built by manufacturer Airbus Defence and Space to be placed at Eutelsat’s flagship 13-degree East neighbourhood position  replacing three older satellites. It is also based on the Eurostar Neo telecommunications satellite platform  developed under an ESA Partnership Project with Airbus designed to foster innovation and competitiveness in the European space industry. Once into orbit and positioned  the satellite EUTELSAT HOTBIRD 13G will  with its twin EUTELSAT HOTBIRD 13F launched on October 15th  reinforce and enhance the broadcast of more than a thousand television channels into homes across Europe  Northern Africa and the Middle East. Moreover  the two satellites will offer advanced features in terms of uplink signal protection and resilience.In February 2021  Eutelsat was entrusted once again by the European Union Agency for the Space Programme (EUSPA) to host the EGNOS GEO-4 payload  which is on board EUTELSAT HOTBIRD 13G. Eutelsat already operates the EGNOS GEO-3 payload on its EUTELSAT 5 West B satellite.EGNOS is the European Geostationary Navigation Overlay Service that acts as an augmentation service to global positioning systems  to improve the reliability of positioning information. This is ensured by a crucial integrity message which is essential in aviation where the Global Navigation Satellite System (GNSS) alone doesnot satisfy strict operational requirements set by the International Civil Aviation Organisation (ICAO). It is especially important during critical aircraft flight stages such as the final approach. Other transport means including maritime and rail benefit from this EGNOS Safety of Life service. EGNOS also increases the positioning accuracy for other applications  such as precision farming  geomatics  land management and maritime.Eva Berneke  Eutelsat Chief Executive Officer said: ""EUTELSAT HOTBIRD 13G is now on its way to join EUTELSAT HOTBIRD 13F at our flagship 13-degree East position. We also look forward to completing the GNSS network for our European Union long term customer and partner  the EUSPA. My congratulations to the Eutelsat  Airbus and SpaceX teams for another successful launch into geostationary orbit.”About Eutelsat CommunicationsFounded in 1977  Eutelsat Communications is one of the world's leading satellite operators. With a global fleet of satellites and associated ground infrastructure  Eutelsat enables clients across Video  Data  Government  Fixed and Mobile Broadband markets to communicate effectively to their customers  irrespective of their location. Around 7 000 television channels operated by leading media groups are broadcast by Eutelsat to one billion viewers equipped for DTH reception or connected to terrestrial networks. Committed to promoting all facets of sustainable development across its business activities  Eutelsat leverages its in-orbit resources to help bridge the digital divide while maintaining a safe and uncluttered space environment. As an attractive and socially responsible employer  Eutelsat assembles 1 200 men and women from 50 countries who are dedicated to delivering the highest quality of service.For more about Eutelsat go to www.eutelsat.com",positive,0.72,0.27,0.0,mixed,0.5,0.04,0.46,True,English,"['EUTELSAT HOTBIRD 13G Satellite', 'Successful Launch', 'Eurostar Neo telecommunications satellite platform', 'European Union long term customer', 'flagship 13-degree East neighbourhood position', 'European Geostationary Navigation Overlay Service', 'flagship 13-degree East position', 'Global Navigation Satellite System', 'critical aircraft flight stages', 'International Civil Aviation Organisation', 'Eutelsat Chief Executive Officer', 'a thousand television channels', 'EUTELSAT 5 West B satellite', 'American space launch provider', 'twin EUTELSAT HOTBIRD 13F', 'satellite EUTELSAT HOTBIRD 13G', 'EUTELSAT HOTBIRD 13G satellite', 'European Union Agency', 'leading satellite operators', 'European space industry', 'uplink signal protection', 'crucial integrity message', 'strict operational requirements', 'Mobile Broadband markets', 'leading media groups', 'one billion viewers', 'uncluttered space environment', 'Other transport means', 'Geostationary Transfer Orbit', 'three older satellites', 'EGNOS GEO-4 payload', 'EGNOS GEO-3 payload', 'global positioning systems', '7,000 television channels', 'electric satellite', 'Middle East', 'geostationary orbit', '35-minute flight', 'successful launch', 'global fleet', 'Space Programme', 'spacecraft systems', 'augmentation service', 'Life service', 'other applications', 'positioning information', 'positioning accuracy', 'Eutelsat Communications', 'BUSINESS WIRE', 'Regulatory News', 'Falcon 9 rocket', 'Cape Canaveral', 'Eastern time', 'two satellites', 'Partnership Project', 'Northern Africa', 'advanced features', 'final approach', 'EGNOS Safety', 'precision farming', 'land management', 'Eva Berneke', 'ground infrastructure', 'DTH reception', 'terrestrial networks', 'sustainable development', 'business activities', 'orbit resources', 'digital divide', 'responsible employer', 'highest quality', 'GNSS network', 'SpaceX teams', 'Euronext Paris', 'Airbus Defence', 'ETL', 'Florida', 'November', 'separation', 'period', '3 hours', 'manufacturer', 'innovation', 'competitiveness', 'October', 'broadcast', 'homes', 'terms', 'resilience', 'February', 'EUSPA', 'board', 'reliability', 'ICAO', 'maritime', 'rail', 'geomatics', 'way', 'congratulations', 'world', 'associated', 'clients', 'Video', 'Data', 'Government', 'Fixed', 'customers', 'location', 'facets', 'attractive', 'socially', '1,200 men', 'women', '50 countries', '1.22', '5.22']",2022-11-03,2022-11-03,businesswire.com
12591,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/teco-2030-shell-partners-receive-050000610.html,TECO 2030  Shell and Partners To Receive EUR 5 Million in Horizon Europe Support for 2.4 MW TECO 2030 PEM Fuel Cell System for Tanker Retrofit Project,TECO 2030 (OSE:TECO  OTCQX:TECFF) with partners have been invited for HORIZON EUROPE funding of EUR 5 million to realise the hydrogen powered tanker concept ...,"LYSAKER  NORWAY / ACCESSWIRE / November 3  2022 / TECO 2030 (OSE:TECO  OTCQX:TECFF) with partners have been invited for HORIZON EUROPE funding of EUR 5 million to realise the hydrogen powered tanker concept  HyEkoTank. All beneficiaries have now signed the GA Declaration of Honour  stating that they are committed to participate in the project. The consortium expects to finalise the Grant Agreement process within the end of this year  and plans project startup by February 1st  2023.Picture text: Concept illustration HyEkoTank. Retrofit installation of fuel cells with compressed hydrogen storage on existing Ektank vessel. The solution can eliminate emissions in port and reduce up to 100% of GHG emissions on voyages.In addition to TECO 2030  Shell International Trading and Shipping Company Limited and Shell International Exploration and Production BV  the HyEkoTank project involves partners Ektank AB  Blom Maritime AS  TECO Solutions AS  Umoe Advanced Composites AS (UAC)  FKAB Marine Design  Neste Oyj  and UiT - The Arctic University of Norway.The HyEkoTank project will retrofit a 18.600 DWT product tanker with a 2.4 MW fuel cell system by TECO 2030 and 4000 kg compressed hydrogen storage for demonstration in 2024.The HyEkoTank hydrogen powered tanker will demonstrate zero emission at berth and 60% reduction of GHG emissions during voyage. This pioneering project could become a first mover in this maritime shipping segment and contribute to achieving the ambitious climate targets set by the European Union. As part of the European Green Deal  the EU has committed to reducing GHG emissions by 55% by 2030  and a binding target of achieving climate neutrality by 2050. Under the ‘Fit for 55 package' the EU is currently developing its climate  energy and transport-related legislation to align current laws with the 2030 and 2050 ambitions.""We are proud to have been invited for funding from HORIZON EUROPE as we move forward with the integration of TECO 2030 Fuel Cells onboard ships. The hydrogen tanker concept will be a state-of-the-art vessel retrofitted to reduce up to 100% of GHG emissions during voyage and at berth "" says Tore Enger  Group CEO  TECO 2030. ""There is no doubt that zero emission is the way forward if we have any ambition to reach the targets in the Paris Agreement "" Enger adds.Story continues""Shell is proud to be a part of this fuel cell project  which aims to demonstrate the viability of hydrogen as a zero-carbon fuel for the maritime sector. Our target is to be a net-zero emissions energy business by 2050 and to accelerate this transition we are partnering with customers and businesses from across the sectors. Shell will purchase the fuel cell system and provide the renewable hydrogen to power this pioneering project as we continue to drive innovation to deliver the cleaner energy solutions that our customers need."" says Carl Henrickson  General Manager Technology  Innovation & Digitalisation  Shell Shipping and Maritime.""We are pleased to contribute with our high-quality and energy-efficient vessels towards the development of zero-emission technologies to meet environmental demands and regulations. We are delighted with how suitable our vessels fit into the concept of HyEkoTank which is aligned perfectly with our Company's environmental strategy "" says Jörgen Johnsson  CEO Ektank AB.""Supporting the shipping industry towards carbon neutrality requires partnerships  new innovations and utilizing all available solutions. As maritime is one of the largest sources of transport emissions  there is an urgent need for lower-emission solutions that are available already today. Neste is excited to be part of this project which enables significant reduction in GHG emissions. This is again another step towards decarbonizing the industry and well aligned with our sustainability targets to enable low carbon shipping of renewable fuels "" says Lauri Helin  Vice President  Logistics & Operations Oil Products  Neste.""BLOM Maritime is proud to be part of this exciting project. We are a strong believer in the maritime industries change to more eco-friendly power systems and are proud to be part of the HyEkoTank project funded by HORIZON EUROPE. This is a milestone for greener shipping and fully aligned with the IMO/UN goals and BLOM Maritime's company vision"" says Marius Blom  Group CEO  BLOM Maritime.""TECO Solutions is excited to take part in the HyEkoTank project  with funding from HORIZON EUROPE. Our aim is to be at forefront of the decarbonizing the maritime industry and see this milestone project as a fantastic opportunity in this regard. We aspire to utilize our vast experience from maritime installations to be a valuable contributor into this important project "" says Eivind Hermansen  CEO  TECO Solutions.Contact:TECO 2030: Tore Enger  Group CEO  +4792083800  tore.enger@teco2030.noAbout TECO 2030:Europe's first Giga production facility of hydrogen PEM fuel cell stacks and modules in Narvik  Norway. The production capacity will be built up through 2023 and early 2024  targeting an output capacity of 120 MW of fuel cells in 2024  400 MW in 2025 and 1.6 GW in 2030.TECO 2030 is a Norwegian based clean tech company developing zero-emission technology for the maritime and heavy industry. We are developing PEM hydrogen fuel cell stacks and PEM hydrogen fuel cell modules  that enable ships and other heavy-duty applications to become emissions-free. The company is listed on Euronext Growth on Oslo Stock Exchange under the ticker TECO and in New York  OTCQX under the ticker TECFF. TECO2030 is a spinoff from TECO Maritime Group  a group that has provided technology and services to the global shipping industry since 1994. For more information  please visit www.teco2030.no.SOURCE: TECO 2030 ASAView source version on accesswire.com:https://www.accesswire.com/723639/TECO-2030-Shell-and-Partners-To-Receive-EUR-5-Million-in-Horizon-Europe-Support-for-24-MW-TECO-2030-PEM-Fuel-Cell-System-for-Tanker-Retrofit-Project",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.85,0.15,0.0,True,English,"['2.4 MW TECO 2030 PEM Fuel Cell System', 'Tanker Retrofit Project', 'Europe Support', 'Shell', 'Partners', 'Horizon', 'hydrogen PEM fuel cell stacks', 'The HyEkoTank hydrogen powered tanker', 'Umoe Advanced Composites AS', '2.4 MW fuel cell system', '4000 kg compressed hydrogen storage', 'hydrogen powered tanker concept', 'first Giga production facility', 'net-zero emissions energy business', '18.600 DWT product tanker', 'The Arctic University', 'hydrogen tanker concept', 'FKAB Marine Design', 'General Manager Technology', 'Jörgen Johnsson', 'eco-friendly power systems', 'fuel cell project', 'Grant Agreement process', 'European Green Deal', 'Shell International Trading', 'Shell International Exploration', 'cleaner energy solutions', 'low carbon shipping', 'The HyEkoTank project', 'existing Ektank vessel', 'Blom Maritime AS', 'Shipping Company Limited', 'maritime shipping segment', 'TECO Solutions AS', 'TECO 2030 Fuel Cells', 'CEO Ektank AB', 'ambitious climate targets', 'HORIZON EUROPE funding', 'renewable hydrogen', 'zero-carbon fuel', 'first mover', 'Production BV', 'production capacity', 'Concept illustration', 'European Union', 'Paris Agreement', 'Shell Shipping', 'carbon neutrality', 'greener shipping', 'available solutions', 'lower-emission solutions', 'Marius Blom', 'shipping industry', 'GHG emissions', 'transport emissions', 'OTCQX:TECFF', 'GA Declaration', 'Picture text', 'Retrofit installation', 'climate neutrality', 'transport-related legislation', 'current laws', 'Group CEO', 'maritime sector', 'Carl Henrickson', 'zero-emission technologies', 'environmental demands', 'environmental strategy', 'new innovations', 'largest sources', 'urgent need', 'sustainability targets', 'renewable fuels', 'Lauri Helin', 'Vice President', 'Oil Products', 'strong believer', 'maritime industries', 'IMO/UN goals', 'company vision', 'fantastic opportunity', 'vast experience', 'maritime installations', 'valuable contributor', 'Eivind Hermansen', 'output capacity', 'pioneering project', 'exciting project', 'important project', 'maritime industry', 'binding target', 'Tore Enger', 'energy-efficient vessels', 'significant reduction', 'milestone project', 'Neste Oyj', '60% reduction', 'LYSAKER', 'NORWAY', 'ACCESSWIRE', 'November', 'OSE', 'partners', 'beneficiaries', 'Honour', 'consortium', 'year', 'startup', 'February', 'voyages', 'addition', 'UAC', 'UiT', 'demonstration', 'berth', '55 package', '2050 ambitions', 'integration', 'ships', 'state', 'doubt', 'Story', 'viability', 'transition', 'customers', 'businesses', 'sectors', 'Digitalisation', 'high-quality', 'development', 'regulations', 'step', 'Logistics', 'Operations', 'aim', 'forefront', 'regard', 'Contact', 'modules', 'Narvik']",2022-11-03,2022-11-03,finance.yahoo.com
12592,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/bghl-gbp-nav-share-buy-063000102.html,BGHL GBP NAV & Share buy back,BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary Shares The Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for...,"BOUSSARD AND GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED (GBP)BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary SharesThe Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for the Company.Close of business 02 Nov 2022.Estimated NAVEuro Shares Sterling Shares Estimated NAV € 28.0943 £ 24.6425 Estimated MTD return -0.19 % -0.19 % Estimated YTD return -3.79 % -2.62 % Estimated ITD return 180.94 % 146.43 %NAV and returns are calculated net of management and performance feesMarket informationEuro Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close € 22.20 N/A Premium/discount to estimated NAV -20.98 % N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close N/A GBX 2 000.00 Premium/discount to estimated NAV N/A -18.84 %Transactions in own securities purchased into treasuryOrdinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares 1 700 N/A Average Price € 22.48 N/A Range of Price N/A N/ALiquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/ABGHL CapitalBGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Shares Outstanding 12 310 014 130 254 Held in treasury 6 574 N/A Shares Issued 12 316 588 130 254Estimated BG Fund NAVClass B Euro Shares (estimated) € 245.3044 Class GBP A Shares (estimated) £ 131.4522The Class B Euro Shares of BG Fund are not subject to investment manager fees  as the Investment Manager receives management fees and performance fees in respect of its role as Investment Manager of BGHL.Story continuesFor further information please contact:Boussard & Gavaudan Investment Management  LLP.Emmanuel Gavaudan +44 (0) 20 3751 5389 Email : info@bgam-uk.comThe Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has received the necessary approval of the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and the States of Guernsey Policy Council. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.This is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Neither the Company nor BG Fund ICAV has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that:all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results;the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; andif you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.Attachment",neutral,0.08,0.91,0.0,mixed,0.15,0.19,0.66,True,English,"['BGHL GBP NAV', 'Share', 'A Liquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares', 'The Class B Euro Shares', 'GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary Shares', 'BGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'A N/A Average Price', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'Sterling Shares Shares', 'Euro Shares Amsterdam', 'US Investment Company Act', 'Sterling Shares Number', 'expert financial advice', 'Guernsey Policy Council', 'collective investment scheme', 'UK Listing Authority', 'other professional advice', 'BG Fund ICAV', 'Gavaudan Investment Management', 'closed-ended investment company', 'US Securities Act', 'A Shares', 'investment manager fees', 'BG Fund NAV', 'The Shares', 'A Premium/discount', 'Dutch Authority', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'N/A GBX', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'US persons', 'Financial Markets', 'The Directors', 'The Company', 'investment performance', 'original investment', 'investment decision', 'performance fees', 'BGHL Capital', 'management fees', 'MTD return', 'YTD return', 'ITD return', 'financieel toezicht', 'Official List', 'applicable law', 'public offering', 'other jurisdiction', 'United States', 'following information', 'information purposes', 'necessary approval', 'main market', 'future results', 'listed securities', 'Market information', 'BOUSSARD', 'GBP', 'business', 'returns', 'AEX', 'LSE', 'Transactions', 'treasury', '1,700 N', 'respect', 'role', 'Story', 'LLP.', 'Email', 'article', 'conjunction', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', 'mind', 'risk', 'past', 'guarantee', 'doubt', 'contents', 'communication', 'substitute', 'Attachment']",2022-11-03,2022-11-03,finance.yahoo.com
12593,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/bghl-euro-nav-share-buy-063000032.html,BGHL Euro NAV & Share buy back,BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary Shares The Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for...,"BOUSSARD AND GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED (EUR)BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary SharesThe Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for the Company.Close of business 02 Nov 2022.Estimated NAVEuro Shares Sterling Shares Estimated NAV € 28.0943 £ 24.6425 Estimated MTD return -0.19 % -0.19 % Estimated YTD return -3.79 % -2.62 % Estimated ITD return 180.94 % 146.43 %NAV and returns are calculated net of management and performance feesMarket informationEuro Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close € 22.20 N/A Premium/discount to estimated NAV -20.98 % N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close N/A GBX 2 000.00 Premium/discount to estimated NAV N/A -18.84 %Transactions in own securities purchased into treasuryOrdinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares 1 700 N/A Average Price € 22.48 N/A Range of Price N/A N/ALiquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/ABGHL CapitalBGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Shares Outstanding 12 310 014 130 254 Held in treasury 6 574 N/A Shares Issued 12 316 588 130 254Estimated BG Fund NAVClass B Euro Shares (estimated) € 245.3044 Class GBP A Shares (estimated) £ 131.4522The Class B Euro Shares of BG Fund are not subject to investment manager fees  as the Investment Manager receives management fees and performance fees in respect of its role as Investment Manager of BGHL.Story continuesFor further information please contact:Boussard & Gavaudan Investment Management  LLP.Emmanuel Gavaudan +44 (0) 20 3751 5389 Email : info@bgam-uk.comThe Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has received the necessary approval of the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and the States of Guernsey Policy Council. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.This is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Neither the Company nor BG Fund ICAV has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that:all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results;the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; andif you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.Attachment",neutral,0.05,0.95,0.0,mixed,0.15,0.19,0.66,True,English,"['BGHL Euro NAV', 'Share', 'A Liquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares', 'The Class B Euro Shares', 'BGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'A N/A Average Price', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'Sterling Shares Shares', 'Euro Shares Amsterdam', 'US Investment Company Act', 'Sterling Shares Number', 'GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED', 'expert financial advice', 'Guernsey Policy Council', 'collective investment scheme', 'UK Listing Authority', 'other professional advice', 'BG Fund ICAV', 'closed-ended investment company', 'US Securities Act', 'Gavaudan Investment Management', 'A Shares', 'investment manager fees', 'BG Fund NAV', 'The Shares', 'A Premium/discount', 'Dutch Authority', 'N/A GBX', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'US persons', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'Financial Markets', 'The Directors', 'The Company', 'investment performance', 'original investment', 'investment decision', 'performance fees', 'BGHL Capital', 'management fees', 'MTD return', 'YTD return', 'ITD return', 'financieel toezicht', 'Official List', 'applicable law', 'public offering', 'other jurisdiction', 'United States', 'following information', 'information purposes', 'necessary approval', 'main market', 'future results', 'listed securities', 'Market information', 'BOUSSARD', 'business', 'returns', 'AEX', 'LSE', 'Transactions', 'treasury', '1,700 N', 'respect', 'role', 'Story', 'LLP.', 'Email', 'article', 'conjunction', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', 'mind', 'risk', 'past', 'guarantee', 'doubt', 'contents', 'communication', 'substitute', 'Attachment']",2022-11-03,2022-11-03,finance.yahoo.com
12594,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20221103005486/en/Razorfish-Finds-70-of-Web3-Early-Adopters-Value-Virtual-Goods-as-Much-or-More-Than-Physical-Products,Razorfish Finds 70% of Web3 Early Adopters Value Virtual Goods as Much  or More Than  Physical Products,NEW YORK--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Razorfish  a global leader in marketing transformation  today released findings from a new research study aiming to better understand consumer attitudes around virtual goods and how these perceptions are reshaping digital culture. T…,"NEW YORK--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Razorfish  a global leader in marketing transformation  today released findings from a new research study aiming to better understand consumer attitudes around virtual goods and how these perceptions are reshaping digital culture. The study  Unlocking the Real Impact of Virtual Goods  aims to help brands identify opportunities to connect with consumers in the new digital frontier of Web3.The analysis  which surveyed consumers who currently own or had owned a virtual good within the past year  focuses on consumers' unique attitudes  perceptions  behaviors  and spending habits. It found that more than 70 percent of these early adopters view virtual goods as equally valuable to  or more valuable than  physical ones.“The rise of Web3 is exciting because of the amazing potential it has to revolutionize how people engage with the digital world ” said Cristina Lawrence  EVP  Consumer & Content Experience. ""We set out to understand consumer perceptions around virtual goods as mechanisms to express themselves and engage in communities. For brands  virtual goods offer new connection points – or even wholly new revenue streams – with these consumers.”Many are already investing non-essential “play funds” into virtual goods. Of all early adopters surveyed  38% reported spending at least a quarter of their discretionary income on virtual goods  and 35% spend at least $1 000 on their virtual portfolio. A majority anticipate that they will increase their spend on virtual goods in the coming year.The study also investigated how virtual goods provide perceived luxury:Desired acquisition : How branded virtual goods increase everyday consumers’ online influence and enhance their digital identity.: How branded virtual goods increase everyday consumers’ online influence and enhance their digital identity. Emotional importance : How consumers perceive virtual goods produced by both mass-market and premium brands.: How consumers perceive virtual goods produced by both mass-market and premium brands. Access and exclusivity: What expectations consumers have about virtual ownership and participation in exclusive communities.The research results come on the heels of Razorfish announcing its new  experience-driven Web3 capabilities  which included Razorfish Drop  an agile  portable  and turnkey solution that enables brands to develop and productize real-time virtual goods and direct-to-avatar commerce streams with contextual relevance and scale.MethodologyRazorfish partnered with research firm GWI to develop an online recontact survey sent to respondents meeting strict criteria around virtual good ownership. The 10-minute survey was then distributed to the panel in an online format to 436 respondents ages 16-64  with a skew toward Gen X and Gen Y.GWI’s recontact methodology enabled Razorfish to reach respondents who completed its core survey within the last 4 waves. Data from that recontact was selectively synced with core data  which consists of more than 35 000 data points.About RazorfishRazorfish is a global leader in marketing transformation. We help brands and businesses grow by creating unforgettable experiences that connect and enrich people’s lives. A digital pioneer since the dawn of the internet  we’re back to write a new chapter. Everything we make starts with people. Our 1 400 strategy  data  creative and technology experts combine digital innovation  data and cultural insights to help us understand what people want at every part of the journey. Through capabilities in products & platforms; physical & digital; and campaigns & content  we turn ideas into experiences that make a difference for our clients  their customers  and the world we all live in.Learn more at razorfish.com. Twitter: @wearerazorfish | LinkedIn | Instagram | Facebook. Razorfish is part of Publicis Groupe [Euronext Paris FR0000130577  CAC 40]  a global leader in communication.",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.62,0.15,0.23,True,English,"['Web3 Early Adopters', 'Virtual Goods', 'Physical Products', 'Razorfish', 'everyday consumers’ online influence', 'new, experience-driven Web3 capabilities', 'non-essential “play funds', 'avatar commerce streams', 'new revenue streams', 'new connection points', 'new digital frontier', 'online recontact survey', 'real-time virtual goods', 'virtual good ownership', 'new research study', 'online format', 'NEW YORK', 'new chapter', 'virtual ownership', 'research results', 'research firm', '10-minute survey', 'core survey', 'virtual portfolio', 'BUSINESS WIRE', 'global leader', 'marketing transformation', 'digital culture', 'Real Impact', 'past year', 'unique attitudes', 'early adopters', 'amazing potential', 'Cristina Lawrence', 'a quarter', 'discretionary income', 'coming year', 'Desired acquisition', 'digital identity', 'Emotional importance', 'agile, portable', 'turnkey solution', 'contextual relevance', 'strict criteria', 'Gen X', 'Gen Y', 'last 4 waves', 'digital pioneer', 'technology experts', 'digital innovation', 'cultural insights', 'Publicis Groupe', 'Euronext Paris', '35,000 data points', 'consumer attitudes', 'spending habits', 'digital world', 'Content Experience', 'exclusive communities', 'recontact methodology', 'unforgettable experiences', 'core data', 'premium brands', 'Razorfish Drop', 'consumer perceptions', 'findings', 'opportunities', 'analysis', 'behaviors', '70 percent', 'physical', 'rise', 'people', 'EVP', 'mechanisms', 'majority', 'luxury', 'mass-market', 'Access', 'exclusivity', 'expectations', 'participation', 'heels', 'scale', 'GWI', 'respondents', 'panel', 'skew', 'businesses', 'lives', 'dawn', 'internet', 'Everything', '1,400 strategy', 'creative', 'journey', 'products', 'platforms', 'campaigns', 'ideas', 'difference', 'clients', 'customers', 'Twitter', 'wearerazorfish', 'LinkedIn', 'Instagram', 'Facebook', 'CAC', 'communication']",2022-11-03,2022-11-03,businesswire.com
12595,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/absolut-vodka-ardagh-group-co-080000207.html,Absolut Vodka and Ardagh Group co-invest in hydrogen-fired glass furnace in a global spirits industry first,Absolut Vodka is to become the first global spirits brand to move to a partly hydrogen energy-fired glass furnace for large-scale production in a significant...,"STOCKHOLM  Nov. 3  2022 /PRNewswire/ -- Absolut Vodka is to become the first global spirits brand to move to a partly hydrogen energy-fired glass furnace for large-scale production in a significant step to reduce the CO 2 emissions from making its iconic bottles. The hydrogen initiative is an important milestone for Absolut Vodka in becoming completely CO 2 neutral by 2030. A prerequisite for being able to meet this goal is in reducing the carbon footprint of its glass packaging.Absolut has been a partner with Ardagh's Limmared glassworks in Sweden for 40 yearsAbsolut has signed an agreement with Ardagh Glass Packaging in Limmared  a subsidiary of Ardagh Group  to use this partly hydrogen-fired furnace commencing in the second half of 2023. The pioneering collaboration will accelerate the transformation of the global glassmaking process for a more sustainable future.Absolut has been a partner with Ardagh's Limmared glassworks in Sweden for 40 years  which currently uses a combination of natural gas and electricity to power its furnaces. From the second half of 2023  Ardagh will launch a pilot in its Limmared plant replacing 20 per cent of its natural gas with green hydrogen to manufacture all of Absolut's bottles across its portfolio. This means a full-scale change of the continuous production of Absolut bottles for all markets globally. The hydrogen will be produced onsite at Ardagh by using renewably sourced electricity.An industry wide quest for reducing climate impact is taking place. Combined with other innovations and sustainability initiatives  new technologies such as hydrogen furnaces will reduce carbon emissions from glass production significantly.The use of hydrogen would reduce Absolut Vodka's carbon footprint from glass by 20%. It follows other joint initiatives to reduce carbon emissions  such as the light-weighting of glass  increased use of electricity in the current furnace and a significant increase in recycled flint glass – today reaching 53% with the ambition to go even further.Absolut owns one of the world's most energy-efficient distilleries. It has 98 per cent fewer emissions than an average distillery and has built up a surplus of emission rights as a result. The intent is to use these to invest in green transformation. Absolut will support Ardagh in this project and the parties will work together to fulfill Absolut's ambitions of a CO 2 neutral product by 2030 by using today's and tomorrow's best available technologies in glass manufacturing.Story continuesStéphanie Durroux  Chief Executive of The Absolut Company  says: ""Given we've been investing in our own production for decades  decreasing our emissions and increasing energy efficiency  we're now in a position where we also can focus on the parts of our value chain that are outside or our own scope. The glass manufacturing industry is in a transformative journey  and the world can't wait for the perfect solution. A bold and innovative approach is needed to accelerate radical change that will help solve the significant sustainability challenges that all glassmakers and buyers of glass face.""Bo Nilsson  Managing Director of Ardagh Glass Limmared AB  added: ""Our industry needs to be less reliant on fossil fuels and transition at pace to using more green energy. By investing in this new technology  we are embarking on a journey to reduce the carbon footprint of our glass packaging. There are challenges with such innovation  but we are committed to being an early mover in future-proofing our glass manufacturing operations world-wide.""For more information  assets or interview requests  please contact:Michael Lambmichael.lamb@mcsaatchi.com+44 75124 30936Notes to editors:About The Absolut CompanyThe Absolut Company has the worldwide responsibility for the production  packaging innovation and strategic marketing of Absolut Vodka  Malibu and Kahlúa.Absolut Vodka is one of the world's top ten international spirits brands. Every bottle of Absolut Vodka comes from one source  Åhus in southern Sweden.Malibu is the number one rum-based coconut spirit in the world. Kahlúa coffee liqueur is the world leader in its category. The Absolut Company portfolio also includes Åhus Akvavit. The visitor center  Absolut Home  located next to the main production site for Absolut Vodka  was opened in 2018. The head office is located in Stockholm  Sweden. Chairman and CEO is Stéphanie Durroux. The Absolut Company is a part of Pernod Ricard  the world's second-largest wine and spirits producer (source: IWSR).About Pernod RicardPernod Ricard is the No.2 worldwide producer of wines and spirits with consolidated sales amounting to €10 701 million in fiscal year FY22. The Group  which owns 17 of the Top 100 Spirits Brands  holds one of the most prestigious and comprehensive portfolios in the industry with over 240 premium brands distributed across more than 160 markets. Pernod Ricard's portfolio includes Absolut Vodka  Ricard pastis  Ballantine's  Chivas Regal  Royal Salute  The Glenlivet Scotch whiskies  Jameson Irish whiskey  Martell cognac  Havana Club rum  Beefeater gin  Malibu liqueur and Mumm and Perrier-Jouët champagnes. The Group's mission is to unlock the magic of human connections by bringing ""Good Times from a Good Place""  in line with its Sustainability and Responsibility roadmap. Pernod Ricard's decentralised organisation empowers its 19 480 employees to be on-the-ground ambassadors of its purposeful and inclusive culture of conviviality  bringing people together in meaningful  sustainable and responsible ways to create value over the long term. Executing its strategic plan  Transform & Accelerate  Pernod Ricard now relies on its ""Conviviality Platform""  a new growth model based on data and artificial intelligence to meet the ever-changing demand of consumers.Pernod Ricard is listed on Euronext (Ticker: RI; ISIN Code:FR0000120693) and is part of the CAC 40 and Eurostoxx 50 indices.About Ardagh SwedenArdagh Glass Limmared AB is part of the Ardagh Group  a global supplier of sustainable  infinitely recyclable  metal and glass packaging for brand owners around the world. Ardagh operates 65 metal and glass production facilities in 16 countries  employing 20 000 people with sales of approximately $10bn.Photo - https://mma.prnewswire.com/media/1936390/Absolut_Partner_with_Ardagh.jpgCisionView original content to download multimedia:https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/absolut-vodka-and-ardagh-group-co-invest-in-hydrogen-fired-glass-furnace-in-a-global-spirits-industry-first-301666989.htmlSOURCE The Absolut Company",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,positive,0.83,0.15,0.03,True,English,"['hydrogen-fired glass furnace', 'global spirits industry', 'Absolut Vodka', 'Ardagh Group', 'top ten international spirits brands', 'The Glenlivet Scotch whiskies', 'first global spirits brand', 'Kahlúa coffee liqueur', 'hydrogen energy-fired glass furnace', 'Top 100 Spirits Brands', 'The Absolut Company portfolio', 'Ardagh Glass Limmared AB', 'global glassmaking process', 'Stéphanie Durroux', 'rum-based coconut spirit', 'Jameson Irish whiskey', 'CO 2 neutral product', 'best available technologies', 'industry wide quest', 'other joint initiatives', 'No.2 worldwide producer', 'glass manufacturing operations', 'main production site', 'glass manufacturing industry', 'significant sustainability challenges', 'Ardagh Glass Packaging', 'spirits producer', '240 premium brands', 'The Group', 'sustainability initiatives', 'hydrogen-fired furnace', 'current furnace', 'other innovations', 'new technologies', 'worldwide responsibility', 'significant step', 'significant increase', 'flint glass', 'Limmared glassworks', 'Limmared plant', 'glass production', 'CO 2 emissions', 'hydrogen initiative', 'important milestone', 'carbon footprint', 'second half', 'pioneering collaboration', 'sustainable future', 'natural gas', '20 per cent', 'green hydrogen', 'full-scale change', 'climate impact', 'energy-efficient distilleries', '98 per cent', 'average distillery', 'emission rights', 'Chief Executive', 'energy efficiency', 'value chain', 'perfect solution', 'innovative approach', 'radical change', 'Bo Nilsson', 'Managing Director', 'fossil fuels', 'green energy', 'new technology', 'early mover', 'interview requests', 'strategic marketing', 'visitor center', 'head office', 'Pernod Ricard', 'largest wine', 'consolidated sales', 'fiscal year', 'comprehensive portfolios', 'Ricard pastis', 'Chivas Regal', 'Royal Salute', 'Martell cognac', 'Absolut Vodka', 'Absolut Home', 'large-scale production', 'continuous production', 'Ardagh Group', 'packaging innovation', 'iconic bottles', 'Absolut bottles', 'carbon emissions', 'hydrogen furnaces', 'green transformation', 'transformative journey', 'one source', 'Åhus Akvavit', 'southern Sweden', 'world leader', 'Michael Lamb', 'PRNewswire', 'prerequisite', 'goal', 'partner', '40 years', 'agreement', 'subsidiary', 'combination', 'electricity', 'pilot', 'markets', 'place', 'use', 'light-weighting', 'ambition', 'surplus', 'result', 'intent', 'project', 'parties', 'today', 'tomorrow', 'Story', 'decades', 'position', 'parts', 'scope', 'bold', 'glassmakers', 'buyers', 'pace', 'information', 'assets', 'Notes', 'editors', 'Malibu', 'number', 'category', 'Stockholm', 'Chairman', 'CEO', 'IWSR', 'wines', 'prestigious', 'Ballantine']",2022-11-03,2022-11-03,finance.yahoo.com
12596,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/wavestone-ranked-forbes-worlds-best-144900414.html,Wavestone Ranked in Forbes World's Best Management Consulting Firms 2022 List,"Wavestone features in the first edition of the ""World Best Consulting Firms"" list launched by Forbes and powered by Statistica. 250 consulting firms were...","LONDON  Nov. 3  2022 /PRNewswire/ -- Wavestone features in the first edition of the ""World Best Consulting Firms"" list launched by Forbes and powered by Statistica. 250 consulting firms were chosen and ranked by the clients themselves  to help business leaders select the best consulting firms in the market. Wavestone is delighted that the UK is ranked as one of four of its countries and eighteen of its categories of expertise.Wavestone is honored to be named among the world’s best management consulting firms in 2022 by Forbes & Statista.About the Forbes | Statista surveyForbes has recognized Wavestone  a business and digital consulting firm  as one of the ""World's Best Management Consulting Firms 2022"". The annual ranking is a go-to resource for business leaders to evaluate when they need help selecting a trusted advisor. Wavestone's inclusion among this year's top management consulting firms is a testament to its success delivering a winning mix of extensive hands-on experience  powerful analytical skills  and creative problem-solving to address clients' most critical transformations.To determine the list  Forbes and Statista conducted an independent evaluation of thousands of multinational management consultancies across 13 industries and 14 functional areas  in the United States  Germany  France  the United Kingdom  Switzerland  and Japan. These firms were evaluated based on survey results of peers  including partners and executives from the management consultancies  as well as recommendations from clients to identify the world's best. To make it to this year's list  global consulting companies were assessed on their ability to adapt and remain competitive during the COVID-19 pandemic  while also evolving to better provide services to their client's changing needs. They were ranked according: to five stars for « very frequently recommended »  four stars for ""frequently recommended""  and three stars for ""recommended"".Focus on Wavestone's performanceWavestone is a transformation consulting firm that offers a seamless combination of business  technology  and sustainability skills. Forbes | Statistica has been recommended as a top firm (4-star rating) in two categories - Digital Transformation and Change Management - in the scope of the United States  United Kingdom  Switzerland  and France. In the other 17 areas  Wavestone also scored three stars  including in the area of Data Analytics & Big Data  Energy & Environment  and IT Strategy & IT Implementation.Story continues""We are honored to be ranked by Forbes Statista  which recognizes the work of our teams globally. Our collective commitment is  and always has been  to put our clients' needs first and serve as their go-to partner as they navigate these complex times "" said Reza Maghsoudnia  Strategic Development Director at Wavestone. ""Creating sustainable business outcomes that accelerate transformation journeys is our passion. Lowering cost and risk  driving operational excellence  and moving businesses forward is our expertise. Congratulations to all the Wavestone professionals who make this a reality.""Mike Newlove  UK Practice Lead comments: ""I am delighted that the UK is recognised in this ranking. We pride ourselves in delivering the best outcomes for our clients  so being part of this ranking is a true testament to this. I'm proud of our team for continuing to deliver outstanding results for our clients.""About WavestoneIn a world where knowing how to drive transformation is the key to success  Wavestone's mission is to inform and guide large companies and organisations in their most critical transformations  with the ambition of a positive outcome for all stakeholders. It's an ambition anchored in the firm's DNA and embodied in the signature ""The Positive Way.""Wavestone draws on about 4 000 employees across Europe – where it is a leading independent player in consulting  the United States and Asia.Wavestone is listed on Euronext Paris and recognised as a Great Place to Work®.More information on www.wavestone.comAbout the Forbes InstituteForbes is an American business magazine founded in 1917 by Bertie Charles Forbes. The magazine is known for its numerous annual rankings of companies  personalities  and places.More information at www.forbes.comAbout StatistaStatista is an online portal offering statistics from institute data  market  and opinion research as well as data from the economic sector. Within just a few years  Statista managed to establish itself as a leading provider of market and consumer data.More information on statista.comWavestone Laura Gordon laura.gordon@wavestone.com Tel: +44 (0)7787 115 642 Wellcom PR Agency Sonia El Ouardisonia.elouardi@wellcom.fr Tel: +33 1 46 34 60 60Photo: https://mma.prnewswire.com/media/1937543/Wavestone_Forbes.jpgCisionView original content to download multimedia:https://www.prnewswire.co.uk/news-releases/wavestone-ranked-in-forbes-worlds-best-management-consulting-firms-2022-list-301667840.html",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.77,0.15,0.08,True,English,"['Best Management Consulting Firms', 'Forbes World', 'Wavestone', '2022 List', 'World Best Consulting Firms"" list', 'UK Practice Lead comments', 'best management consulting firms', 'Wavestone Laura Gordon laura', 'top management consulting firms', 'Strategic Development Director', 'Wellcom PR Agency', 'Sonia El Ouardi', 'multinational management consultancies', 'powerful analytical skills', 'The Positive Way', 'numerous annual rankings', 'global consulting companies', 'leading independent player', 'digital consulting firm', 'Bertie Charles Forbes', 'sustainable business outcomes', 'transformation consulting firm', 'American business magazine', '250 consulting firms', 'best outcomes', 'Forbes Institute Forbes', 'top firm', 'Change Management', 'independent evaluation', 'sustainability skills', 'Digital Transformation', 'positive outcome', 'leading provider', 'institute data', 'first edition', 'business leaders', 'trusted advisor', 'winning mix', 'creative problem-solving', 'critical transformations', '14 functional areas', 'United States', 'United Kingdom', 'survey results', 'COVID-19 pandemic', 'changing needs', 'five stars', 'four stars', 'three stars', 'seamless combination', 'other 17 areas', 'IT Strategy', 'IT Implementation', 'collective commitment', 'complex times', 'Reza Maghsoudnia', 'transformation journeys', 'operational excellence', 'Mike Newlove', 'outstanding results', 'large companies', 'Euronext Paris', 'Great Place', 'More information', 'online portal', 'opinion research', 'economic sector', 'original content', 'Data Analytics', 'Big Data', 'consumer data', 'two categories', 'true testament', 'Statista survey', 'Wavestone professionals', ""clients' needs"", 'Forbes Statista', 'LONDON', 'PRNewswire', 'Statistica', 'market', 'countries', 'expertise', 'resource', 'help', 'inclusion', 'year', 'success', 'experience', 'thousands', '13 industries', 'Germany', 'France', 'Switzerland', 'Japan', 'peers', 'partners', 'executives', 'recommendations', 'services', 'Focus', 'performance', 'technology', 'scope', 'Energy', 'Environment', 'Story', 'work', 'teams', 'passion', 'cost', 'risk', 'businesses', 'Congratulations', 'reality', 'key', 'mission', 'organisations', 'ambition', 'stakeholders', 'DNA', 'signature', '4,000 employees', 'Europe', 'Asia', 'personalities', 'places', 'statistics', 'elouardi', 'Photo', 'Wavestone_Forbes', 'Cision', 'multimedia', 'news-releases', 'worlds-best-management-consulting-firms']",2022-11-03,2022-11-03,finance.yahoo.com
12597,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.fxempire.com/news/article/euronext-italian-arm-to-become-group-wide-clearer-from-end-2023-1184733,Euronext Italian arm to become group-wide clearer from end 2023,By Huw Jones LONDON (Reuters) -   Pan-European stock exchange Euronext said on Thursday that customers will be able to clear all share trades at its Italian arm from the end of 2023  a move that ends reliance on a London Stock Exchange Group (LSEG) unit in Pa…,Euronext  which operates exchanges in Paris  Amsterdam  Brussels  Dublin  Lisbon  Milan and Oslo  has long relied on LCH SA in the French capital for clearing its stock and derivatives trades  but its acquisition of the Milan Exchange last year from LSEG included an in-house clearer.“This is the first milestone in the transformation of Euronext Clearing to create the Euronext clearing house of choice for its cash equity markets ” Euronext said in a third quarter trading statement.Clearing in Euronext credit derivatives will follow in 2024.Customers could continue using LCH SA share trades  but will have to shift all credit derivatives to Italy.As many are likely to shift stock and derivatives trading to Italy given efficiencies from using one location  it raises questions about LCH SA’s future in Paris.LSEG had no immediate comment.Clearing has become a politicised issue in the European Union following Brexit as the bloc seeks to end heavy reliance on LCH’s London operation for clearing interest rate swaps  setting an end-June 2025 deadline for cutting off access to EU customers.“In December we will come forward with measures to make the European Union a more competitive and attractive clearing landscape by fostering the demand for and supply of derivatives products at EU central counterparties (CCPs) and by strengthening the EU supervisory framework for those CCPs ” EU financial services commissioner Mairead McGuinness said on Thursday.Earlier this week  Deutsche Boerse’s Eurex Clearing offered payments to buy-side customers who relocate derivatives clearing from London in 2023 in anticipation of the EU legislation.(Reporting by Huw Jones; Editing by Mark Potter),neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,negative,0.01,0.29,0.7,True,English,"['Euronext Italian arm', 'end', 'third quarter trading statement', 'EU financial services commissioner', 'LCH SA share trades', 'cash equity markets', 'interest rate swaps', 'EU central counterparties', 'EU supervisory framework', 'attractive clearing landscape', 'Euronext clearing house', 'Euronext credit derivatives', 'derivatives trades', 'derivatives trading', 'EU legislation', 'house clearer', 'EU customers', 'French capital', 'first milestone', 'one location', 'immediate comment', 'European Union', 'heavy reliance', 'end-June 2025 deadline', 'derivatives products', 'Mairead McGuinness', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'Eurex Clearing', 'Huw Jones', 'Mark Potter', 'side customers', 'Milan Exchange', 'London operation', 'exchanges', 'Paris', 'Amsterdam', 'Brussels', 'Dublin', 'Lisbon', 'Oslo', 'stock', 'acquisition', 'LSEG', 'transformation', 'choice', 'Italy', 'questions', 'future', 'issue', 'Brexit', 'bloc', 'access', 'December', 'measures', 'competitive', 'demand', 'supply', 'CCPs', 'Thursday', 'payments', 'anticipation', 'Editing']",2022-11-03,2022-11-03,fxempire.com
12598,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.co.uk/news-releases/pharming-to-present-at-jefferies-healthcare-conference-301667120.html,Pharming to present at Jefferies Healthcare Conference,"LEIDEN  Netherlands  Nov. 3  2022 /PRNewswire/ -- Pharming Group N.V. (""Pharming"") (Euronext Amsterdam: PHARM) (Nasdaq: PHAR) announces that its Chief Executive Officer  Sijmen de Vries  will present at the Jefferies Healthcare Conference in London  November …","LEIDEN  Netherlands  Nov. 3  2022 /PRNewswire/ -- Pharming Group N.V. (""Pharming"") (Euronext Amsterdam: PHARM) (Nasdaq: PHAR) announces that its Chief Executive Officer  Sijmen de Vries  will present at the Jefferies Healthcare Conference in London  November 15-17  2022.Pharming Group N.V.'s CEO will present on Tuesday  November 15 at 09:45 GMT / 10:45 CET.For more information about the conference  or to schedule a one-to-one with Pharming's management team  please contact your Jefferies representative  or send an email to Pharming's Investor Relations team to investor@pharming.com.About Pharming Group N.V.Pharming Group N.V. (EURONEXT Amsterdam: PHARM/Nasdaq: PHAR) is a global biopharmaceutical company dedicated to transforming the lives of patients with rare  debilitating  and life-threatening diseases. Pharming is commercializing and developing an innovative portfolio of protein replacement therapies and precision medicines  including small molecules  biologics  and gene therapies that are in early to late-stage development. Pharming is headquartered in Leiden  Netherlands  and has employees around the globe who serve patients in over 30 markets in North America  Europe  the Middle East  Africa  and Asia-Pacific. For more information  visit www.pharming.com or follow us on LinkedIn.For further public information  contact:Pharming Group  Leiden  The NetherlandsHeather Robertson  Investor Relations & Corporate Communications ManagerT: +31 71 5247 400E: investor@pharming.comFTI Consulting  London  UKVictoria Foster Mitchell/Alex ShawT: +44 203 727 1000FTI Consulting  USAJim PolsonT: +1 (312) 553-6730LifeSpring Life Sciences Communication  Amsterdam  The NetherlandsLeon MelensT: +31 6 53 81 64 27E: pharming@lifespring.nlLogo - https://mma.prnewswire.com/media/1778344/Pharming_Group_NV_Logo.jpgSOURCE Pharming Group N.V.",neutral,0.09,0.91,0.0,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['Jefferies Healthcare Conference', 'Pharming', 'SOURCE Pharming Group N.V.', 'Corporate Communications Manager T', 'LifeSpring Life Sciences Communication', 'Jim Polson T', 'Leon Melens T', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'Sijmen de Vries', 'global biopharmaceutical company', 'Victoria Foster Mitchell', 'protein replacement therapies', 'Jefferies Healthcare Conference', 'Investor Relations team', 'management team', 'Jefferies representative', 'gene therapies', 'life-threatening diseases', 'innovative portfolio', 'precision medicines', 'small molecules', 'early to', 'late-stage development', 'North America', 'Middle East', 'Heather Robertson', 'FTI Consulting', 'Alex Shaw', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'The Netherlands', 'public information', 'LEIDEN', 'PRNewswire', 'Nasdaq', 'London', 'CEO', 'Tuesday', 'November', '09:45 GMT', 'email', 'lives', 'patients', 'biologics', 'employees', 'globe', '30 markets', 'Europe', 'Africa', 'Asia-Pacific', 'LinkedIn', 'UK', 'USA', 'Logo', '10:45']",2022-11-03,2022-11-03,prnewswire.co.uk
12599,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://seekingalpha.com/news/3900509-wheat-futures-give-up-this-weeks-gain-as-russia-returns-to-export-deal,Wheat futures give up this week's gains as Russia returns to export deal (NYSEARCA:WEAT),Wheat futures plunged in the U.S. and Europe on Wednesday after Russia said it would resume its participation in a deal to export grain from Ukraine via the Black Sea  a reversal of...,"Wheat futures plunged in the U.S. and Europe on Wednesday after Russia said it would resume its participation in a deal to export grain from Ukraine via the Black Sea  a reversal of its decision a few days earlier to exit the agreement.On the Chicago Board of Trade  wheat for December delivery (W_1:COM) settled -6.3% to $8.46 per bushel  and December corn (C_1:COM) closed -1.5% to $6.87 1/2 a bushel  but January soybeans (S_1:COM) ended +0.4% to $14.54 per bushel.Wheat also fell in Europe  where the benchmark December contract on Euronext settled -4.6% at €341.25/metric ton.ETFs: (NYSEARCA:WEAT)  (CORN)  (SOYB)  (NYSEARCA:DBA)  (MOO)Russia's return to the Black Sea grain export corridor deal removes part of the risk premium for exporters  so wheat lost what it had gained over the past few days  Agritel's Arthur Portier told Reuters  but ""we still don't know whether the deal will be extended later this month  so uncertainty remains.""Grain traders expect Russian President Vladimir Putin may use the coming expiration date of the deal as leverage in negotiations  including at the G20 Summit in Bali later this month.Archer Daniels Midland (ADM) is a buy after delivering strong Q3 results  including a near doubling in profits Y/Y  Cavenagh Research writes in an analysis posted recently on Seeking Alpha.",neutral,0.05,0.95,0.01,negative,0.0,0.13,0.86,True,English,"['Wheat futures', 'export deal', 'gains', 'Russia', 'Black Sea grain export corridor deal', 'Russian President Vladimir Putin', 'coming expiration date', 'Archer Daniels Midland', 'strong Q3 results', 'benchmark December contract', 'Grain traders', 'December delivery', 'U.S.', 'Chicago Board', 'January soybeans', '5/metric ton', 'risk premium', 'Arthur Portier', 'G20 Summit', 'near doubling', 'Cavenagh Research', 'Seeking Alpha', 'December corn', 'Wheat futures', 'Europe', 'Wednesday', 'participation', 'Ukraine', 'reversal', 'decision', 'agreement', 'bushel', 'C_1', '1/2', 'S_1', 'Euronext', 'ETFs', 'NYSEARCA', 'DBA', 'MOO', 'return', 'exporters', 'past', 'days', 'Agritel', 'Reuters', 'uncertainty', 'leverage', 'negotiations', 'Bali', 'ADM', 'buy', 'profits', 'Y/Y', 'analysis']",2022-11-02,2022-11-03,seekingalpha.com
12600,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2022/11/03/2548091/0/en/TOUAX-Disclosure-of-Share-Capital-and-Voting-Rights.html,TOUAX : Disclosure of Share Capital and Voting Rights,REGULATED INFORMATION                Paris  3 November 2022 5:45 PM      YOUR OPERATIONAL LEASING SOLUTION FOR SUSTAINABLE TRANSPORTATION    Disclosure...,English FrenchREGULATED INFORMATION Paris  3 November 2022 5:45 PMYOUR OPERATIONAL LEASING SOLUTION FOR SUSTAINABLE TRANSPORTATIONDisclosure of Share Capital and Voting RightsDisclosure of Share Capital and Voting Rights pursuant to Article L.233-8 II of the French Commercial Code and Article 223-16 of the General Regulations of the Autorité des Marchés Financiers.Register name of the issuer: TOUAX SCA (Euronext Paris: TOUP)Date Total shares outstanding Total voting rights Total exercisable voting rights* October 31  2022 7 011 547 8 350 461 8 267 061* excluding rights attached to shares held in treasury****************TOUAX Group leases out tangible assets (freight railcars  river barges and containers) on a daily basis throughout the world  for its own account and on behalf of third party investors. With €1.3 billion under management  TOUAX is one of the European leaders in the operational leasing of this type of equipment.TOUAX SCA is listed in Paris on EURONEXT – Euronext Paris Compartment C (Code ISIN FR0000033003) and on the CAC® Small and CAC® Mid & Small indexes and in EnterNext PEA-PME.For more information: www.touax.comContacts:TOUAX ACTIFINFabrice & Raphaël WALEWSKI Ghislaine GASPARETTOManaging Partners ggasparetto@actifin.frtouax@touax.comwww.touax.com Tel: +33 (0)1 56 88 11 11Tel: +33 (0)1 46 96 18 00Attachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.64,0.36,0.0,True,English,"['Share Capital', 'Voting Rights', 'TOUAX', 'Disclosure', 'Total exercisable voting rights', 'Euronext Paris Compartment C', 'Marchés Financiers', 'third party investors', 'Raphaël WALEWSKI', 'Total voting rights', 'Date Total shares', 'OPERATIONAL LEASING SOLUTION', 'TOUAX ACTIFIN Fabrice', 'French Commercial Code', 'English French', 'SUSTAINABLE TRANSPORTATION', 'Share Capital', 'Article L.', 'General Regulations', 'Register name', 'TOUAX SCA', 'TOUAX Group', 'tangible assets', 'freight railcars', 'river barges', 'daily basis', 'European leaders', 'Small indexes', 'EnterNext PEA-PME', 'Ghislaine GASPARETTO', 'Managing Partners', 'REGULATED INFORMATION', 'CAC® Small', 'Disclosure', 'II', 'des', 'issuer', 'TOUP', 'October', 'treasury', 'containers', 'world', 'account', 'behalf', 'management', 'type', 'equipment', 'Mid', 'Contacts', 'Tel', 'Attachment', '5:45', '1 56']",2022-11-03,2022-11-03,globenewswire.com
12601,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/forvia-capital-market-day-063000164.html,FORVIA Capital Market Day,Nanterre (France)  November 3  2022 2022 CAPITAL MARKETS DAY FORVIA UNVEILS POWER25 PLAN PROFITABLE GROWTH  CASH GENERATION & DELEVERAGING Faurecia and HELLA...,"FAURECIANanterre (France)  November 3  20222022 CAPITAL MARKETS DAYFORVIA UNVEILS POWER25 PLANPROFITABLE GROWTH  CASH GENERATION & DELEVERAGINGFaurecia and HELLA  operating together as FORVIA  are today hosting their first joint Capital Markets Day from 11:00am CET  during which the Group will present Power25  its new medium-term plan to drive profitable growth  enhance cash generation and accelerate Group deleveraging.Having embarked upon a profound transformation marked by Faurecia’s independence from Stellantis and its step-change acquisition of HELLA  the combined Group is now well positioned to be a global leader in sustainable mobility tech  in line with its newly unveiled mission statement: “We pioneer technology for mobility experiences that matter to people”.The ambitions of FORVIA’s Power25 plan are focused on three key strategic priorities:Drive sales growth through innovation and sustainabilityEnhance profitability and lower breakevenGenerate strong cash conversion and actively manage portfolio to accelerate Group deleveragingThese are translated into the following 2025 financial objectives (based on an assumption of worldwide automotive production of 88 million units in 2025  including vehicles between 3.5t and 6t in Asia vs. 89 million in 2019  and after the estimated effect of the €1bn disposal program already announced and to be completed by end-2023):2025 sales: c. €30bn2025 operating margin: above 7% of sales2025 net cash flow: 4% of salesNet-debt-to-adjusted-EBITDA at Dec. 31  2025: below 1.5xDuring its Capital Markets Day  FORVIA will also detail Power25 actions to address short-term headwinds in 2023  such as high inflation  rising energy prices and persistent – albeit easing – supply-chain disruptions. The Group confirms the previously announced disposal program of €1 billion by end-2023. This program  combined with targeted net cash flow generation of above 1.5% of sales in 2023  will contribute to significant deleveraging as soon as the end of 2023  moving toward a targeted net-debt-to-adjusted-EBITDA ratio below 1.5 times at end-2025.Story continuesPatrick KOLLER  CEO of Faurecia  declared:“Faurecia’s transformative acquisition of HELLA makes FORVIA a new global leader poised for profitable growth and strong value creation  even in current challenging market conditions  thanks to perfect alignment with automotive growth drivers.Today  we are taking a new step in our journey with the launch of Power25  which defines our three strategic priorities for the coming years: sales growth driven by innovation and sustainability; lower breakeven and enhanced profitability; and strong cash conversion and portfolio management to accelerate Group deleveraging after the HELLA acquisition.We are also adapting our financial targets to the macroeconomic environment and industry outlook. Our assumption of worldwide automotive production for 2025 is now revised to 88 million units  down 6 million vs. our previous assumption at the Capital Markets Day held in February 2021  a revision that is mainly due to tough macroeconomic conditions between 2021 and 2023. In this regard  our Power2025 also includes actions to face the short-term headwinds of 2023  before worldwide automotive production starts resuming growth supported by pent-up demand.With this assumption of 88 million units produced in 2025 and including the previously announced €1bn disposal program by end-2023  we are targeting sales of c. 30 billion euros and operating margin above 7% in 2025 with a strengthened balance sheet  reflected in a leverage ratio below 1.5 times EBITDA at end-2025.FORVIA is already in motion on these objectives  and well on its way to becoming a sustainable mobility tech leader  offering pioneering technology for mobility experiences that matter to people.”The Board of Directors of Faurecia  under the chairmanship of Michel de ROSEN  met on November 2 and reviewed the present Press Release.FORVIA 2025 FINANCIAL AMBITIONGroup Figures 2021* 2025** Sales €22.0bn c. €30.0bn Operating Margin 5.6% of sales >7% of sales Net cash flow 1% of sales 4% of sales(* pro forma figures) (** based on worldwide automotive production of 88 million units in 2025  incl. vehicles between 3.5t and 6t in Asia  and after the effect of the €1bn disposal program by end-2023)From a financial standpoint  actions will prioritize:Deleveraging: Through a mix of improved cash generation and the divestment of non-strategic assets  Faurecia will reduce its net debt to c. €6bn at end-2025 from €8.4bn at June 30  2022. This represents a net debt-to-Adjusted EBITDA ratio of below 1.5x from 3.1x at June 30  2022.FORVIA aims to generate cumulative net cash flow of more than €2.5 billion between the second half of 2022 and 2025  reaching 4% of sales by end-2025 from 1.5% in 2023. To achieve this  it has launched a companywide “Manage by cash” plan  combining:enhanced efficiency on R&D spending  heightened working capital discipline  targeting an operational reduction of at least 150bps as a percentage of sales between 2022 and 2025  including synergies  focused capex  targeting a reduction of 100bps as a percentage of sales between 2022 and 2025  active management of financings to ensure optimized interest rates in the medium term  optimized funding of hydrogen business development.FORVIA also confirms that its €1bn disposal program by end-2023 is well on track  with c. 30% announced to date and at least one further transaction to be disclosed by year-end.The Board of Directors of Faurecia  during its latest meeting held on November 2  decided to propose to the next Shareholders’ meeting that no dividend be paid in 2023.Cost reduction: FORVIA will actively cut costs in order to lower its breakeven point from a global production of 65 million units in 2022 to 61 million in 2025. It will mostly achieve this through a 300bps reduction in fixed costs as a percentage of sales between 2022 and 2025  comprising operational efficiency for about two thirds and net R&D and SG&A costs for one third. These cost-reduction measures include Faurecia-HELLA cost synergies and optimization  with FORVIA on track to achieve the announced objective of more than €250 million  of which 40% in 2023. Thanks to hedging policies and self-help measures  FORVIA will also limit the growth of its energy bill to 1.8x in 2023 vs. 2021 and will largely mitigate the impact of 2023 inflation through existing contractual pass-through policies and continued negotiations with OEMs.Robust and selective growth: Faurecia and HELLA’s strong order books since 2019 support FORVIA’s sales ambition  securing at least 80% of expected business in 2025 and allowing for higher selectivity to lift profitability and cash generation. FORVIA expects its 2021-2025 sales Compound Annual Growth Rate (CAGR) to be above 9% before the effect of disposals  and 8% after  significantly outperforming market CAGR.HELLA: COMBINATION WITH FAURECIA ON TRACKFaurecia’s acquisition of HELLA has established FORVIA  the combined group  as the global #7 automotive supplier  strengthened by HELLA’s recognized technology leadership in such areas as Lighting and Electronics. HELLA will continue the strategy that has positioned it to benefit from key market trends in Electrification and Energy Management  Safe and Automated Driving and Digital and Sustainable Cockpit Experiences  while further internationalizing its business.The combination of operations with Faurecia is proceeding smoothly  with significant positive impact on activities such as joint purchasing and go-to-market  real estate management and sharing of best practices. Fiscal years have been aligned and Business Group-level reporting introduced at HELLA. Collaboration is accelerating  in particular between Faurecia Electronics and HELLA Electronics. Previously announced cost synergies are on track to reach more than €250m in 2025  with revenue synergies amounting to €300m-€400m. HELLA is expected to benefit from around 50% of validated sales and cost synergies.HELLA expects to increase revenues from €6.3bn in 2021 to more than €9.4bn in 2025  with the adjusted EBIT operating margin rising from 6% to above 8% and net cash flow from -1% of sales to around 4% of sales over the period  under HELLA accounting principles.As regards HELLA  please also refer to the press release issued separately by HELLA today (FORVIA’s Capital Markets Day includes HELLA’s analyst meeting  pursuant to sect. 55 of the Exchange Rules for the Frankfurter Wertpapierbörse FWB).OBJECTIVES BY BUSINESS GROUPFORVIA’s Power25 ambitions are supported by the following actions and objectives by Business Group:Business Groups Sales Operating Margin 2021 2025 2021-2025 2021 2025 Electronics* €3.5bn >€6.3bn CAGR >+16% 4.9% 8% Interiors €4.6bn >€6.3bn CAGR >+8% 4.1% 7% Seating €6.1bn >€8.0bn CAGR >+7% 4.7% 7% Lighting €3.0bn >€4.3bn CAGR +10% 1.8% >5% Clean Mobility €4.1bn €4.8bn CAGR +4% (only consolidated operations  i.e. excl. hydrogen revenues through Symbio) 9.5% >10% Lifecycle Solutions €0.9bn €1.2bn CAGR +7% >12% >12%(*Electronics is the combination of HELLA Electronics and Faurecia Electronics)Electronics: Combining strengths for profitable growthFORVIA Electronics benefits from the strong complementarity between HELLA and Faurecia Electronics. The combination places FORVIA in the top three in key automotive growth drivers such as Electrification and Energy Management  Safe and Automated Driving and Digital and Sustainable Cockpit Experiences. Its software capabilities (3 000 software engineers  #2 automotive app platform after Google) enable FORVIA to increase profitability  supported by a global R&D network increasingly focused on best-cost countries and an efficient manufacturing footprint.FORVIA Electronics will grow sales from €3.5bn in 2021 to more than €6.3bn in 2025  with innovation and software as key growth drivers. Operating margin will grow from 4.9% in 2021 to 8.0% in 2025 through operating synergies and operational efficiency. Electronics will also benefit from a mix improvement at Faurecia Electronics  contributing to its profitability turnaround.Interiors: Leveraging #1 position with sustainabilityLeveraging strong synergies with Lighting and Electronics  FORVIA aims to consolidate its position as #1 worldwide in core product lines and be market leader in Sustainable Cockpit Experiences. It will achieve this through: enhanced process automation and digitalization (Interiors 4.0); greater use of sustainable materials and lightweight architectures; and additional functionalities enabling a significant increase in content per vehicle for a unique user experience (surface activation).Interiors will grow sales from €4.6bn in 2021 to more than €6.3bn in 2025  outperforming the market by more than 500 bps in BEV  driven by China and North America  which should post CAGR above 15%. Operating margin will grow from 4.1% to 7% through optimisation of capex  which will decrease to 3.1% of sales in 2025 from 3.4% in 2021  improved inventory management  footprint massification and order intake selectivity.Seating: Strengthening Structures leadership while improving Complete Seats profitabilityFORVIA will build on its position as an innovation and sustainability leader in Seating. The Group will consolidate its global leadership in Seat Structure Systems with the ongoing scale-up on major OEM platforms  as well as the world’s most compact front seat architectures. In Complete Seats  FORVIA’s Seat for Me and Seat for the Planet offerings respond to demand for advanced  customized  modular and sustainable seating experiences  while creating new opportunities in the aftermarket and circular economy.Seating sales will grow from €6.1bn in 2021 to more than €8bn in 2025 for a CAGR of more than 7%. The operating margin will increase from 4.7% in 2021 to 7% in 2025. This will be driven by footprint massification  commercial management  a turnaround in the Michigan Seating operations and an improved sales mix  with Structures accounting for 43% of sales (vs. 35% in 2021).Lighting: Return to benchmark profitability with new EV businessFORVIA is positioned to accelerate the profitable growth of the Lighting business brought by HELLA  leveraging its natural complementarity with Interiors and Electronics. Electric vehicles represent 40% of the order book and are driving increased demand for lighting in interiors  front and rear signatures  phygital shields and safety applications  giving rise to strong customer interest and acquisitions beyond German OEMs  particularly in North America and China.Lighting sales will grow from €3bn in 2021 to more than €4.3bn in 2025. The operating margin will increase from 1.8% in 2021 to more than 5% in 2025  with profitability gains coming from footprint massification  standardization and selectivity in R&D and capex (with a 20% reduction to the capex and R&D cost to sales ratio).Clean Mobility: Combining cash-generative ULE with future promise of hydrogenClean Mobility combines mature and profitable ultra-low emissions (ULE) activities with promising Hydrogen Solutions  which are a key enabler for zero-emissions mobility. FORVIA is already positioned as a leader in hydrogen  with expected sales of more than €3.5bn in 2030. FORVIA is also able to take advantage of profitable business opportunities in the ULE market. Its position as a market reference allows FORVIA to focus on profitability  with well-balanced global sales and a diversified customer base increasing market share to 30% in 2030 from 26% today.Clean Mobility will increase consolidated sales from €4.1bn in 2021 to €4.8bn in 2025  with operating margin rising from 9.5% in 2021 to more than 10% in 2025 and ULE achieving a margin of 12%.Hydrogen Solutions  which combine Faurecia’s hydrogen operations with those of Symbio (50/50 JV with Michelin  not consolidated into FORVIA)  will reach breakeven between 2027 and 2030. Both Faurecia and Symbio’s hydrogen activities have recently been selected as being of common European interest in a project called “IPCEI Hy2Use”  jointly prepared and notified by 13 Member States  including France.Lifecycle Solutions: Leading the transformationVehicle electrification and sustainability will drive growth at FORVIA’s Lifecycle Solutions  which combine its Aftermarket activities  where FORVIA is a leading European player with global reach  and Special Original Equipment  where it is among the top 3 in Europe. Robust market growth in the Aftermarket (4.8% p.a.) and Special Original Equipment (5.4% p.a.) businesses makes them attractive segments through the cycle.Lifecycle Solutions sales will grow from €0.9bn in 2021 to €1.2bn in 2025 through embedded electric vehicle growth  new distribution models and cross-selling products and improved regional access. Operating margin will remain above 12% over the period  notably through process automation and best-cost footprint.ESG AS A BUSINESS DRIVERAs a leader in the automotive sector  FORVIA is focused on sustainability and responsibility.It is the first automotive company with a SBTi-approved net zero target: becoming carbon neutral for scope 1 and 2 emissions by 2025  reducing scope 3 greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions by 45% by 2030 and reaching net-zero GHG emissions across its entire value chain by 2045. FORVIA’s CO 2 roadmap is well on track  as its energy bill will grow only 1.8x between 2021 and 2023 thanks to energy savings and hedging  compared to 3.0x growth without these measures.FORVIA is also announcing the launch of MATERI’ACT  a new entity focused on sustainable materials  with expected sales of more than €2bn in 2030 and a team of 400 people by end-2025.In addition  FORVIA has made diversity and inclusion a priority  with an objective of 35% of women managers and professionals in 2030  and 30% of women in the company’s Top 300 in 2030.Last September  Faurecia was included in the Euronext CAC 40 ESG® index comprising the 40 companies within the CAC® Large 60 index that demonstrate the best Environmental  Social and Governance (ESG) practices.FORVIA will present its ESG roadmap during its Sustainability Day on Friday  November 4.FORVIA’s Capital Markets Day today and Sustainability Day tomorrow will take place at Dock Eiffel  50  avenue du Président Wilson  93210 Saint Denis (France).For further information  please contact: contact@cmd2022-forvia.com** *All documents are available on the new FORVIA website: www.forvia.comA webcast will be held simultaneously  starting at 11:00am CET for registered participants  and a replay will be available as soon as technically possible after the end of the event.ContactsPressmedia@faurecia.comAnalysts/InvestorsMarc MAILLETHead of Investor RelationsTel: +33 (0)1 72 36 75 70marc.maillet@forvia.comAbout FaureciaFaurecia  company of the Group FORVIA  is a global automotive technology leader. With 250 industrial sites  39 R&D centers and 111 000 employees in 33 countries  Faurecia operates through four areas of business: Seating  Interiors  Faurecia Electronics and Clean Mobility. In 2021  the Group reported total turnover of €15.6 billion. Faurecia is listed on the Euronext Paris market and is a component of the CAC Next 20 and Euronext CAC 40 ESG® indexes. www.faurecia.comAbout FORVIAFORVIA  the world’s seventh largest automotive technology player  comprises the complementary technology and industrial strengths of Faurecia and HELLA. With close to 300 industrial sites and 75 R&D centers  150 000 people  including more than 35 000 engineers across 40+ countries  FORVIA provides a unique and comprehensive approach to the automotive challenges of today and tomorrow. Composed of 6 business groups  FORVIA is focused on becoming the preferred innovation and integration partner for OEMs worldwide. The Group provides solutions for a safe  sustainable  advanced and customized mobility. FORVIA aims to be a change maker committed to foreseeing and making the mobility transformation happen. www.forvia.comDISCLAIMERThis presentation contains certain forward-looking statements. Such forward-looking statements represent trends or objectives and cannot be construed as constituting forecasts regarding the future combined group’s  i.e.  the Faurecia Group and the HELLA Group (both groups referred to together as “FORVIA”)  results or any other performance indicator. In some cases  you can identify these forward-looking statements by forward-looking words  such as “ambition”  ""estimate "" ""expect "" ""anticipate "" ""project "" ""plan "" ""intend "" ""objective""  ""believe "" ""forecast "" ""foresee "" ""likely "" ""may "" ""should "" ""goal "" ""target "" ""might "" ""would ""  “will”  ""could ""  ""predict "" ""continue "" ""convinced "" and ""confident "" the negative or plural of these words and other comparable terminology. Forward looking statements in this document include  but are not limited to  financial projections and estimates and their underlying assumptions including  without limitation  assumptions regarding present and future business strategies (including the successful combination of HELLA into the Faurecia Group)  as well as assumptions based on worldwide automobile production  expectations and statements regarding FORVIA’s operation of its business  and the future operation  direction  and success of FORVIA business.This document was prepared with reasonable care. Although the Faurecia Group and the HELLA Group believe their expectations are based on reasonable assumptions  investors are cautioned that these forward-looking statements are subject to numerous various risks  whether known or unknown  and uncertainties and other factors  including but not limited to the ongoing global impact of the Ukraine/Russia conflict  the COVID-19 pandemic outbreak and the duration and severity of the outbreak on FORVIA’s business and operations  all of which may be beyond the control of FORVIA and could cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements. For a detailed description of these risks and uncertainties and other factors  please refer  e.g.  to Faurecia’s public filings made with the Autorité des Marchés Financiers (“AMF”)  press releases  presentations and  in particular  to those described in the section 2.""Risk factors & Risk management” of Faurecia's 2021 Universal Registration Document filed by Faurecia with the AMF on April 6th  2022 under number D. 22-0246 (a version of which is available on www.faurecia.com ). For a detailed description of these risks and uncertainties and other factors for the HELLA Group  please refer to HELLA’s public filings made under supervision authority of Bundesanstalt für Finanzdienstleistungsaufsicht (“BaFin”)  press releases  or presentations.Subject to regulatory requirements  FORVIA does not undertake to publicly update or revise any of these forward-looking statements whether as a result of new information  future events  or otherwise. Any information relating to past performance contained herein is not a guarantee of future performance. Nothing herein should be construed as an investment recommendation or as legal  tax  investment  or accounting advice. No representation or warranty (express or implied) is made as to  and no reliance should be placed on  any information  projections  targets  estimates  and opinions contained herein. Furthermore  no responsibility can be assumed for the correctness of the provided information. However  certain numerical data  financial information and market data in this presentation have been rounded in accordance with commercial rounding.The historical figures related to HELLA included in this presentation have been provided to Faurecia by HELLA. These historical figures have not been audited or subject to a limited review by the auditors of Faurecia. More information on HELLA is available on www.hella.com.This presentation and the information contained therein are for information purposes only and do not constitute a prospectus and should not be construed as an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to buy or subscribe for any Faurecia or HELLA securities in any jurisdiction.APPENDICESDEFINITIONS OF TERMS USED IN THIS DOCUMENTSales growthFaurecia’s year-on-year sales evolution is made of three components:A “ Currency effect”   calculated by applying average currency rates for the period to the sales of the prior year A “Scope effect” (acquisition/divestment) And “Growth at constant currencies”.As “Scope effect”  Faurecia presents all acquisitions/divestments  whose sales on an annual basis amount to more than €250 million.Other acquisitions below this threshold are considered as “bolt-on acquisitions” and are included in “Growth at constant currencies”.In 2021  there was no effect from “bolt-on acquisitions”; as a result  “Growth at constant currencies” is equivalent to sales growth at constant scope and currencies also presented as organic growth.Operating incomeOperating income is the Faurecia group’s principal performance indicator. It corresponds to net income of fully consolidated companies before:Amortization of intangible assets acquired in business combinations;Other non-recurring operating income and expense  corresponding to material  unusual and non-recurring items including reorganization expenses and early retirement costs  the impact of exceptional events such as the discontinuation of a business  the closure or sale of an industrial site  disposals of non-operating buildings  impairment losses recorded for property  plant and equipment or intangible assets  as well as other material and unusual losses;Income on loans  cash investments and marketable securities; Finance costs;Other financial income and expense  which include the impact of discounting the pension benefit obligation and the return on related plan assets  the ineffective portion of interest rate and currency hedges  changes in value of interest rate and currency instruments for which the hedging relationship does not satisfy the criteria set forth in relationship cannot be demonstrated under IFRS 9  and gains and losses on sales of shares in subsidiaries;Taxes.Adjusted EBITDAAdjusted EBITDA is Operating income as defined above + depreciation and amortization of assets; to be fully compliant with the ESMA (European Securities and Markets Authority) regulation  this term of “Adjusted EBITDA” will be used by the Group as of January 1  2022 instead of the term “EBITDA” that was previously used (this means that “EBITDA” aggregates until 2021 are comparable with ‘Adjusted EBITDA” aggregates as from 2022).Net cash-flowNet cash-flow is defined as follow: Net cash from (used in) operating and investing activities less (acquisitions)/disposal of equity interests and businesses (net of cash and cash equivalents)  other changes and proceeds from disposal of financial assets. Repayment of IFRS 16 debt is not included.Net financial debtNet financial debt is defined as follow: Gross financial debt less cash and cash equivalents and derivatives classified under non-current and current assets. It includes the lease liabilities (IFRS 16 debt).Attachment",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.67,0.25,0.08,True,English,"['FORVIA Capital Market Day', 'first joint Capital Markets Day', 'targeted net cash flow generation', 'current challenging market conditions', 'FORVIA 2025 FINANCIAL AMBITION Group Figures', 'three key strategic priorities', 'cumulative net cash flow', 'sustainable mobility tech leader', 'FORVIA UNVEILS POWER25 PLAN', 'three strategic priorities', '2025 net cash flow', 'working capital discipline', 'worldwide automotive production', 'rising energy prices', 'strong value creation', 'tough macroeconomic conditions', 'Michel de ROSEN', 'present Press Release', 'R&D spending', 'strong cash conversion', 'new medium-term plan', 'new global leader', '€1bn disposal program', 'automotive growth drivers', 'Adjusted EBITDA ratio', 'CASH GENERATION', 'forma figures', 'strategic assets', 'mobility experiences', 'financial targets', 'financial standpoint', 'new step', 'net debt', 'macroeconomic environment', 'leverage ratio', 'combined Group', 'The Group', '2025 financial objectives', 'PROFITABLE GROWTH', 'profound transformation', 'step-change acquisition', 'mission statement', '88 million units', '2025 operating margin', 'short-term headwinds', 'high inflation', 'supply-chain disruptions', 'Patrick KOLLER', 'transformative acquisition', 'perfect alignment', 'coming years', 'industry outlook', 'pent-up demand', 'balance sheet', 'second half', 'operational reduction', 'Group deleveraging', 'significant deleveraging', 'lower breakeven', 'portfolio management', 'pioneering technology', 'Power25 actions', 'HELLA acquisition', 'previous assumption', 'sales growth', '2025 sales', 'FAURECIA', 'Nanterre', 'France', 'November', '11:00am', 'independence', 'Stellantis', 'people', 'ambitions', 'innovation', 'sustainability', 'profitability', 'following', 'vehicles', '3.5t', '6t', 'Asia', 'effect', 'Dec.', 'persistent', 'Story', 'CEO', 'journey', 'launch', 'enhanced', 'February', 'revision', 'regard', 'Power2025', 'motion', 'way', 'Board', 'Directors', 'chairmanship', 'mix', 'divestment', 'June', 'companywide', 'efficiency', '150bps', 'percentage', '2022']",2022-11-03,2022-11-03,finance.yahoo.com
12602,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/ing-announces-change-supervisory-board-060600474.html,ING announces change in Supervisory Board,ING announces change in Supervisory Board ING announced today that Mariana Gheorghe has decided not to be available for reappointment to the Supervisory...,ING GroupING announces change in Supervisory BoardING announced today that Mariana Gheorghe has decided not to be available for reappointment to the Supervisory Board at the next General Meeting of Shareholders  in 2023. Mariana Gheorghe was appointed a member of the Supervisory Board at the General Meeting in May 2015 and was reappointed for a second term of four years in 2019.Mariana Gheorghe is a member of the Nomination and Corporate Governance Committee  the Remuneration Committee  Risk Committee and the ESG Committee and will continue in her roles until her current term ends at the General Meeting in 2023. The process of selecting and nominating a candidate for appointment to the Supervisory Board at the 2023 General Meeting is underway.“We regret but understand Mariana’s decision. While we will properly thank her when she really leaves our Board next year  I already want to take the opportunity now to show our gratitude for her valuable contributions over the past seven years ” said Hans Wijers  chairman of the Supervisory Board of ING Group.Note for editorsFor further information on ING  please visit www.ing.com. Frequent news updates can be found in the Newsroom or via the @ING_news Twitter feed. Photos of ING operations  buildings and its executives are available for download at Flickr.Press enquiries Investor enquiries Raymond Vermeulen ING Group Investor Relations +31 20 576 6369 +31 20 576 6396 Raymond.Vermeulen@ing.com Investor.Relations@ing.comING PROFILEING is a global financial institution with a strong European base  offering banking services through its operating company ING Bank. The purpose of ING Bank is empowering people to stay a step ahead in life and in business. ING Bank’s more than 58 000 employees off er retail and wholesale banking services to customers in over 40 countries.ING Group shares are listed on the exchanges of Amsterdam (INGA NA  INGA.AS)  Brussels and on the New York Stock Exchange (ADRs: ING US  ING.N).Story continuesSustainability is an integral part of ING’s strategy  evidenced by ING’s leading position in sector benchmarks. ING's Environmental  Social and Governance (ESG) rating by MSCI was affirmed 'AA' in September 2022. As of August 2022  Sustainalytics considers ING’s management of ESG material risk to be ‘strong’  and in June 2022 ING received an ESG rating of 'strong' from S&P Global Ratings. ING Group shares are also included in major sustainability and ESG index products of leading providers Euronext  STOXX  Morningstar and FTSE Russell.IMPORTANT LEGAL INFORMATIONElements of this press release contain or may contain information about ING Groep N.V. and/ or ING Bank N.V. within the meaning of Article 7(1) to (4) of EU Regulation No 596/2014.Certain of the statements contained herein are not historical facts  including  without limitation  certain statements made of future expectations and other forward-looking statements that are based on management’s current views and assumptions and involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results  performance or events to differ materially from those expressed or implied in such statements. Actual results  performance or events may differ materially from those in such statements due to a number of factors  including  without limitation: (1) changes in general economic conditions and customer behaviour  in particular economic conditions in ING’s core markets  including changes affecting currency exchange rates and the regional and global economic impact of the invasion of Russia into Ukraine and related international response measures (2) effects of the Covid-19 pandemic and related response measures  including lockdowns and travel restrictions  on economic conditions in countries in which ING operates  on ING’s business and operations and on ING’s employees  customers and counterparties (3) changes affecting interest rate levels (4) any default of a major market participant and related market disruption (5) changes in performance of financial markets  including in Europe and developing markets (6) fiscal uncertainty in Europe and the United States (7) discontinuation of or changes in ‘benchmark’ indices (8) inflation and deflation in our principal markets (9) changes in conditions in the credit and capital markets generally  including changes in borrower and counterparty creditworthiness (10) failures of banks falling under the scope of state compensation schemes (11) non-compliance with or changes in laws and regulations  including those concerning financial services  financial economic crimes and tax laws  and the interpretation and application thereof (12) geopolitical risks  political instabilities and policies and actions of governmental and regulatory authorities  including in connection with the invasion of Russia into Ukraine and related international response measures (13) legal and regulatory risks in certain countries with less developed legal and regulatory frameworks (14) prudential supervision and regulations  including in relation to stress tests and regulatory restrictions on dividends and distributions (also among members of the group) (15) regulatory consequences of the United Kingdom’s withdrawal from the European Union  including authorizations and equivalence decisions (16) ING’s ability to meet minimum capital and other prudential regulatory requirements (17) changes in regulation of US commodities and derivatives businesses of ING and its customers (18) application of bank recovery and resolution regimes  including write down and conversion powers in relation to our securities (19) outcome of current and future litigation  enforcement proceedings  investigations or other regulatory actions  including claims by customers or stakeholders who feel misled or treated unfairly  and other conduct issues (20) changes in tax laws and regulations and risks of non-compliance or investigation in connection with tax laws  including FATCA (21) operational and IT risks  such as system disruptions or failures  breaches of security  cyber-attacks  human error  changes in operational practices or inadequate controls including in respect of third parties with which we do business (22) risks and challenges related to cybercrime including the effects of cyberattacks and changes in legislation and regulation related to cybersecurity and data privacy (23) changes in general competitive factors  including ability to increase or maintain market share (24) inability to protect our intellectual property and infringement claims by third parties (25) inability of counterparties to meet financial obligations or ability to enforce rights against such counterparties (26) changes in credit ratings (27) business  operational  regulatory  reputation  transition and other risks and challenges in connection with climate change and ESG-related matters (28) inability to attract and retain key personnel (29) future liabilities under defi ned benefit retirement plans (30) failure to manage business risks  including in connection with use of models  use of derivatives  or maintaining appropriate policies and guidelines (31) changes in capital and credit markets  including interbank funding  as well as customer deposits  which provide the liquidity and capital required to fund our operations  and (32) the other risks and uncertainties detailed in the most recent annual report of ING Groep N.V. (including the Risk Factors contained therein) and ING’s more recent disclosures  including press releases  which are available on www.ING.com.This document may contain inactive textual addresses to internet websites operated by us and third parties. Reference to such websites is made for information purposes only  and information found at such websites is not incorporated by reference into this document. ING does not make any representation or warranty with respect to the accuracy or completeness of  or take any responsibility for  any information found at any websites operated by third parties. ING specifically disclaims any liability with respect to any information found at websites operated by third parties. ING cannot guarantee that websites operated by third parties remain available following the publication of this document  or that any information found at such websites will not change following the filing of this document. Many of those factors are beyond ING’s control.Any forward looking statements made by or on behalf of ING speak only as of the date they are made  and ING assumes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements  whether as a result of new information or for any other reason.This document does not constitute an offer to sell  or a solicitation of an offer to purchase  any securities in the United States or any other jurisdiction.Attachment,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.25,0.14,0.6,True,English,"['Supervisory Board', 'change', 'New York Stock Exchange', 'S&P Global Ratings', 'currency exchange rates', 'Frequent news updates', 'strong European base', 'Groep N.V.', 'international response measures', 'interest rate levels', 'state compensation schemes', 'global economic impact', 'global financial institution', 'past seven years', 'ESG index products', 'financial economic crimes', 'related response measures', 'major market participant', 'ESG material risk', 'wholesale banking services', 'next General Meeting', 'Bank N.V.', 'other forward-looking statements', 'Group Investor Relations', 'Corporate Governance Committee', 'general economic conditions', 'IMPORTANT LEGAL INFORMATION', 'financial services', 'Risk Committee', 'ESG Committee', '2023 General Meeting', 'four years', 'Investor enquiries', 'market disruption', 'financial markets', 'ESG) rating', 'ESG rating', 'Remuneration Committee', 'second term', 'current term', 'valuable contributions', 'Hans Wijers', 'Press enquiries', 'operating company', 'er retail', 'INGA NA', 'INGA.AS', 'integral part', 'leading position', 'sector benchmarks', 'Environmental, Social', 'major sustainability', 'leading providers', 'FTSE Russell', 'press release', 'EU Regulation', 'historical facts', 'future expectations', 'current views', 'unknown risks', 'actual results', 'customer behaviour', 'core markets', 'Covid-19 pandemic', 'travel restrictions', 'developing markets', 'fiscal uncertainty', 'United States', 'benchmark’ indices', 'principal markets', 'capital markets', 'counterparty creditworthiness', 'geopolitical risks', 'political instabilities', 'regulatory authorities', 'regulatory risks', 'regulatory frameworks', 'prudential supervision', 'stress tests', 'Supervisory Board', 'Group shares', 'Mariana Gheorghe', 'Raymond Vermeulen', 'tax laws', 'reappointment', 'Shareholders', 'member', 'May', 'Nomination', 'roles', 'process', 'candidate', 'decision', 'opportunity', 'gratitude', 'chairman', 'Note', 'editors', 'Newsroom', 'Photos', 'operations', 'buildings', 'executives', 'download', 'Flickr', 'PROFILE', 'purpose', 'people', 'step', 'life', 'business', '58,000 employees', 'customers', '40 countries', 'exchanges', 'Amsterdam', 'Brussels', 'ADRs', 'Story', 'strategy', 'MSCI', 'September', 'August', 'Sustainalytics', 'management', 'June', 'Euronext', 'Morningstar', 'Elements', 'meaning', 'Article', 'limitation', 'assumptions', 'uncertainties', 'performance', 'events', 'number', 'factors', 'particular', 'regional', 'invasion', 'Russia', 'Ukraine', 'lockdowns', 'counterparties', 'default', 'discontinuation', 'inflation', 'deflation', 'borrower', 'banks', 'scope', 'compliance', 'regulations', 'interpretation', 'application', 'policies', 'actions', 'connection', 'less']",2022-11-03,2022-11-03,finance.yahoo.com
12603,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2022/11/03/2548384/0/en/Cellectis-Provides-Business-Update-and-Reports-Financial-Results-for-Third-Quarter-and-First-Nine-Months-2022.html,Cellectis Provides Business Update and Reports Financial Results for Third Quarter and First Nine Months 2022,NEW YORK  Nov. 03  2022 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Cellectis (Euronext Growth: ALCLS – Nasdaq: CLLS)  a clinical-stage biotechnology company using its pioneering gene-editing platform to develop potentially life-saving cell and gene therapies  announced its results …,"ASH 2022 sponsored programs – UCART123 abstract selected for oral presentation & preclinical data on UCARTCS1 selected for poster presentation  in collaboration with the Amsterdam University Medical CenterPreclinical data on TALEN®-edited smart CAR T-cells to be presented at SITC 2022Partner Allogene Therapeutics announced having initiated industry’s first allogeneic CAR T Phase 2 trialIovance Biotherapeutics  Inc. announced having dosed the first patient and completed safety observation period in its IOV-GM1-201 clinical trialMark Frattini  M.D.  Ph.D.  appointed Chief Medical OfficerCash position1 of $103 million as of September 30  2022Conference call scheduled for 8AM ET/2PM CET on November 4  2022NEW YORK  Nov. 03  2022 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Cellectis (Euronext Growth: ALCLS – Nasdaq: CLLS)  a clinical-stage biotechnology company using its pioneering gene-editing platform to develop potentially life-saving cell and gene therapies  announced its results for the three-month and nine-month periods ending September 30  2022.“2022 has been a productive year thus far for Cellectis. Today  we were proud to announce that our UCART123 abstract was accepted for an oral presentation at the American Society of Hematology Annual Meeting. Acute myeloid leukemia presents a huge unmet medical need with a lack of cell therapy options  and these encouraging preliminary clinical data are a great step for patients with this condition ” said André Choulika  Ph.D.  Chief Executive Officer of Cellectis.“We continue to enroll patients in our three Cellectis-sponsored Phase 1 dose escalation clinical trials and are very excited to initiate the dosing of patients with our product candidates UCART22 and UCART20x22 that have been fully manufactured in-house. This quarter  our partnerships continued to be a highlight for Cellectis  as several of our licensed partners disclosed exciting milestones. Our licensed partner  Allogene Therapeutics  announced that it was entering into the potentially pivotal Phase 2 trial  for patients with large B-cell lymphoma. Iovance Biotherapeutics announced that the first patient was dosed and completed the safety observation period in the IOV-GM1-201 clinical trial of Iovance’s first genetically modified TALEN®-edited TIL therapy for the treatment of previously treated advanced melanoma or metastatic NSCLC. These achievements showcase once more that TALEN® is a technology of choice for leading cell and gene therapy companies  and that we are continuing to deliver on our promise of constant innovation in order to advance the efforts of both our and our partner’s clinical trials. Cellectis remains steadfast in its mission to develop innovative cancer therapy product candidates  and I am proud of the progress we have made in our journey this year.”Pipeline highlightsUCART Clinical Development ProgramsBALLI-01 (evaluating UCART22) in relapsed or refractory B-cell acute lymphoblastic leukemia (r/r B-ALL)UCART22 is an allogeneic CAR T-cell product candidate that targets CD22 and is being evaluated in the BALLI-01 clinical study  a Phase 1/2a open-label dose-escalation study designed to evaluate the safety and clinical activity of the product candidate in patients with relapsed or refractory B-cell acute lymphoblastic leukemia (r/r B-ALL)BALLI-01 is currently enrolling patients at dose level 3 (DL3) (5 × 10 6 cells/kg) with fludarabine  cyclophosphamide and alemtuzumab (FCA) preconditioning regimen.cells/kg) with fludarabine  cyclophosphamide and alemtuzumab (FCA) preconditioning regimen. Cellectis plans to initiate dosing patients with UCART22 product candidate manufactured fully in-house.AMELI-01 (evaluating UCART123) in relapsed or refractory acute myeloid leukemia (r/r AML)UCART123 is an allogeneic CAR T-cell product candidate targeting CD123 and is being evaluated in patients with relapsed or refractory acute myeloid leukemia (r/r AML) in the AMELI-01 Phase 1 dose-escalation clinical study.Today  Cellectis announced the release of an abstract  which was accepted for oral presentation at the American Society of Hematology (ASH) 2022 Annual Meeting.The abstract includes preliminary clinical data from the Phase I  open-label  dose-escalation AMELI-01 study in patients with r/r AML  showing that adding alemtuzumab to the fludarabine and cyclophosphamide lymphodepletion regimen was associated with improved lymphodepletion and significantly higher UCART123 cell expansion  which correlated with improved activity.These encouraging data support the continued enrollment into the study.Oral presentation will occur on December 12 at 5:00PM; Ernest N. Morial Convention Center  Hall ELink to abstract here.MELANI-01 (evaluating UCARTCS1) in relapsed or refractory multiple myeloma (r/r MM)UCARTCS1 is an allogeneic CAR T-cell product candidate targeting CS1 and is being evaluated in patients with relapsed or refractory multiple myeloma (r/r MM) in the MELANI-01 Phase 1 dose-escalation clinical study.Cellectis is currently enrolling patients at dose level 1 (DL1) (1 × 106 cells/kg) with fludarabine and cyclophosphamide preconditioning regimen.NatHaLi-01 (evaluating UCART20x22) in relapsed or refractory Non-Hogdkin Lymphoma (r/r NHL)UCART20x22 is Cellectis’ first allogeneic dual CAR T-cell product candidate being developed for patients with relapsed or refractory non-Hodgkin lymphoma (r/r NHL).UCART20x22 is Cellectis’ first product candidate fully designed  developed and manufactured in-house  showcasing the Company’s transformation into an end-to-end cell and gene therapy platform spanning discovery  product development  manufacturing of starting materials used for genomic engineering and final cell therapy product candidates  in addition to clinical development.On August 1st  the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) allowed Cellectis’ IND to proceed with UCART20x22 in clinical development for patients with r/r NHL.Research Data & Preclinical ProgramsUCARTCS1Today  Cellectis in collaboration with the Amsterdam University Medical Center (VUmc) announced the release of an abstract on product candidate UCARTCS1  which was accepted for poster presentation at the ASH 2022 Annual Meeting.The abstract includes preclinical data evaluating in vitro activity of UCARTCS1 against multiple myeloma (MM) cell lines and bone marrow samples from MM patients  as well as in vivo activity in a MM mouse model. The potential impact of previous therapy and tumor characteristics on the in vitro efficacy of UCARTCS1 was also investigated.The preclinical data that will be presented demonstrate anti-tumor activity in vitro and in vivo supporting the potential benefit of our UCARTCS1 first in-human study  MELANI-01  a Phase 1  open-label  dose-escalation trial for patients with r/r MM.Presentation will occur on Saturday  December 10  2022; 5:30 PM - 7:30 PM; Ernest N. Morial Convention Center  Hall DLink to abstract here.TALEN®-edited smart CAR T-cellsOn October 5  Cellectis announced that preclinical data on TALEN®-edited smart CAR T-cells supporting improved solid tumor targeting will be presented at the Society for Immunotherapy of Cancer’s (SITC) Annual meeting  to be held on November 8-12  2022 in Boston.Cellectis will present two posters: A poster on TALEN®-edited smart CAR T-cells targeting MUC1-expressing solid tumors. MUC1 is a tumor-associated antigen that is overexpressed in a number of solid tumor malignancies including triple-negative breast cancer (TNBC).A poster on innovative T-cell engineering strategies designed to increase the activity of CAR T-cells for solid tumors while mitigating toxicity risks.Presentations will occur on November 10  from 9:00AM until 9:00PM ET  Hall C.TALEN®-based gene therapy preclinical programsOn October 11  at the European Society of Gene and Cell Therapy (ESGCT)  Cellectis presented pre-clinical data that leverages TALEN® gene editing technology to develop a hematopoietic stem and progenitor cell (HSPCs)-based gene therapy for the treatment of sickle cell disease  and a TALEN®-based gene editing approach that reprograms HSPCs to secrete alpha-L-iduronidase (IDUA)  a therapeutic enzyme missing in Mucopolysaccharidosis type I (MPS-I).The pre-clinical data presented at ESGCT further demonstrate our ability to leverage TALEN® gene editing technology to potentially address genetic diseases  namely sickle cell disease and lysosomal storage diseases. By correcting a mutation or inserting a corrected gene at the HSPC level  Cellectis aims to provide a lifelong supply of healthy cells in a single intervention.Click here to access the presentations and abstracts.Licensed Allogeneic CAR T-cell Development ProgramsAllogene Therapeutics  Inc.’s CAR T programs utilize Cellectis technologies.ALLO-501 and ALLO-501A are anti-CD19 products being jointly developed under a collaboration agreement between Servier and Allogene based on an exclusive license granted by Cellectis to Servier (the “Servier Agreement”). Servier grants to Allogene exclusive rights to ALLO-501 and ALLO-501A in the U.S. while Servier retains exclusive rights for all other countries. In September 2022  Servier communicated that it was discontinuing its involvement in the development of in-licensed CD19 products and purporting to provide Allogene with the ability to elect to obtain a license to the CD19 Products outside of the United States. We are evaluating all available options and contractual remedies to address the foregoing matters and other performance issues  which we believe may involve material breaches of the Servier Agreement by Servier.Allogene’s anti-BCMA and anti-CD70 programs are licensed exclusively from Cellectis by Allogene and Allogene holds global development and commercial rights to these programs.Servier and Allogene: anti-CD19 programsOn October 6  2022  Allogene announced it has initiated potentially pivotal allogeneic CAR T Phase 2 clinical trial of ALLO-501A (ALPHA2 trial) in patients with relapsed/refractory (r/r) large B-cell lymphoma (LBCL). Allogene expects that the ALPHA2 trial will enroll approximately 100 patients who have received at least two prior lines of therapy and have not received prior anti-CD19 therapy. Allogene announced that updated clinical data from the CD19 program will be provided at Allogene’s R&D Showcase on November 29  2022.Allogene: anti-BCMA programOn November 2  2022  Allogene announced that the Phase 1 portion of the UNIVERSAL trial on ALLO-715 continues enrolling patients with r/r multiple myeloma (MM). Allogene also announced it will provide a clinical update from UNIVERSAL focused on a single dose ALLO-715 and discuss next steps for the program at the R&D Showcase.Allogene: solid tumor programOn November 2  2022  Allogene stated that ALLO-316  which targets CD70  its first AlloCAR T candidate for solid tumors  is being studied in patients with advanced or metastatic clear cell renal cell carcinoma (RCC) in the Phase 1 TRAVERSE trial.Gene Editing PartnershipsIovance Biotherapeutics  Inc. (“Iovance”)On October 10  2022  Iovance announced that the first patient was dosed and completed the safety observation period in the IOV-GM1-201 clinical trial of Iovance’s first genetically modified TIL therapy in development  IOV-4001  for the treatment of previously treated advanced melanoma or metastatic NSCLC.To inactivate the gene coding for the PD-1 protein  IOV-4001 utilizes the gene-editing TALEN® technology licensed from Cellectis. This single genetic modification in IOV-4001 has the potential to enhance the antitumor activity of the TIL mechanism to directly target and kill tumor cells.Dosing the first patient with IOV-4001 is an important first step in providing proof-of-concept for delivering genetically modified TIL therapy to solid tumor patients with significant unmet needs and few treatment options.Cytovia TherapeuticsCytovia announced it will present new preclinical data on TALEN® gene-edited  induced pluripotent stem cells (iPSC)-derived Natural Killer (NK) cells at the Society for Immunotherapy of Cancer’s (SITC) Annual Meeting. The abstract  entitled “TALEN®-Based Gene-Edited iPSC-Derived NK (iNK) Cells Demonstrate Enhanced Antitumor Activity”  was accepted for poster presentation.These data highlight the progress of Cellectis’ research and development collaboration with Cytovia to develop TALEN®-edited iPSC NK and CAR-NK cells. Cellectis has developed custom TALEN® which Cytovia is using to edit iPSCs in a safe and effective manner.The poster presentation will occur on November 11  from 9:00AM until 9:00PM ET  Poster Hall.Corporate UpdatesAppointmentOn September 28  2022  Cellectis announced the appointment of Mark Frattini  M.D.  Ph.D.  as Chief Medical Officer.Dr Frattini joined Cellectis in August 2020 as Senior Vice President of Clinical Sciences and has been responsible for Cellectis’ clinical leadership including the clinical development strategy of the Company’s current immune-oncology UCART product candidates. He has also been serving as a core member of the senior clinical team and has been managing a team of physicians and clinical scientists. As Chief Medical Officer  Dr. Frattini oversees clinical research and development for Cellectis’ UCART clinical trial programs. He remains based in Cellectis’ New York office and has joined the Company’s executive committee.Financial ResultsThe interim condensed consolidated financial statements of Cellectis  which consolidate the results of Calyxt  Inc. of which Cellectis owned approximately 51.2% of outstanding shares of common stock (as of September 30  2022)  have been prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards  as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board (“IFRS”).We present certain financial metrics broken out between our two reportable segments – Therapeutics and Plants – in the appendices of this Q3 2022 financial results press release.Cash: As of September 30  2022  Cellectis  including Calyxt  had $103 million in consolidated cash  cash equivalents  and restricted cash of which $95 million are attributable to Cellectis on a stand-alone basis. This compares to $191 million in consolidated cash  cash equivalents and restricted cash as of December 31  2021  of which $177 million was attributable to Cellectis on a stand-alone basis. This net decrease of $88 million primarily reflects (i) $81 million of net cash flows used in operating  investing and lease financing activities of Cellectis  (ii) $17 million of net cash flows used in operating  capital expenditures and lease financing activities of Calyxt  and (iii) a $10 million unfavorable foreign exchange (FOREX) impact which was partially offset by (i) $10 million of net proceeds from capital raised at Calyxt in February 2022  (ii) $6 million of cash received related to research tax credit prefinancing and (iii) $3 million of cash received related to licenses and milestone payments. Based on the current operating plan  Cellectis excluding Calyxt anticipates that the cash  cash equivalents  and restricted cash as of September 30  2022 will fund Cellectis’ operations into early 2024.Revenues and Other Income: Consolidated revenues and other income were $9 million for the nine months ended September 30  2022 compared to $53 million for the nine months ended September 30  2021. 99% of consolidated revenues and other income was attributable to Cellectis in the first nine months of 2022. This decrease between the nine months ended September 30  2022 and 2021 was mainly attributable to (i) a decrease of revenue pursuant to the recognition of a $15 million convertible note obtained as consideration for a “right-to-use” license granted to Cytovia and a $5 million Allogene milestone during the nine-month period ended September 30  2021  while revenue related to collaboration agreements for the nine months of 2022 consists of the recognition of two milestones related to Cellectis’ agreement with Cytovia for $2 million and the recognition of $1 million related to a change of control of a licensee pursuant to the terms of its license agreement with Cellectis and the amendment to the license agreement (extension of the option term) (ii) a decrease in other revenues of $24 million relating to a change in Calyxt’s business model for its PlantSpring technology and BioFactory  in which no significant revenue was yet recognized.Cost of Revenues: Consolidated cost of revenues were $1 million for the nine months ended September 30  2022 compared to $29 million for the nine months ended September 30  2021. This decrease is driven by the change in Calyxt’s business model for its PlantSpring and BioFactory.R&D Expenses: Consolidated R&D expenses were $85 million for the nine months ended September 30  2022 compared to $97 million for the nine months ended September 30  2021. 89% of consolidated R&D expenses was attributable to Cellectis in the first nine months of 2022. The $11 million decrease between the first nine months of 2022 and 2021 was primarily attributable to (i) a decrease of purchases  external expenses and other by $10 million (from $57 million in 2021 to $47 million in 2022) due to lower consumables  subcontracting costs and depreciation and amortization for the therapeutic segment  (ii) a $1 million decrease in social charges on stock option  and (iii) a $3 million decrease in non-cash stock-based compensation expense partially offset by an increase of $3 million in wages and salaries mainly driven by the increased R&D headcount in the therapeutic segment.SG&A Expenses: Consolidated SG&A expenses were $25 million for the nine months ended September 30  2022 compared to $28 million for the nine months ended September 30  2021. 62% of consolidated SG&A expenses was attributable to Cellectis in the first nine months of 2022. The $3 million decrease primarily reflects (i) a $3 million decrease in wages and salaries  (ii) a $1 million decrease in purchases  external expenses and other (from $14 million in 2021 to $12 million in 2022) partially offset by (i) a $3 million increase in non-cash stock-based compensation expense mainly explained by the favorable impact in 2021 of the recapture of non-cash stock-based compensation from the forfeiture of certain of Calyxt’s former CEO’s unvested stock options  restricted stock units  and performance stock units following his departure.Net Income (loss) Attributable to Shareholders of Cellectis: The consolidated net loss attributable to shareholders of Cellectis was $79 million (or $1.74 per share) for the nine months ended September 30  2022  of which $73 million was attributed to Cellectis  compared to $89 million (or $2.00 per share) for the nine months ended September 30  2021  of which $75 million was attributed to Cellectis. This $10 million decrease in net loss between first nine months 2022 and 2021 was primarily driven by (i) an increase in net financial gain of $14 million  (ii) a decrease of $28 million of cost of revenue  (iii) a $11 million decrease of research and development and  (iv) a $3 million decrease of SG&A expenses partially offset by a decrease in revenues and other income of $45 million.Adjusted Net Income (Loss) Attributable to Shareholders of Cellectis: The consolidated adjusted net loss attributable to shareholders of Cellectis was $72 million (or $1.58 per share) for the nine months ended September 30  2022  of which $67 million is attributed to Cellectis  compared to a net loss of $80 million (or $1.79 per share) or the nine months ended September 30  2021  of which $66 million was attributed to Cellectis. Please see ""Note Regarding Use of Non-GAAP Financial Measures"" for reconciliation of GAAP net income (loss) attributable to shareholders of Cellectis to adjusted net income (loss) attributable to shareholders of Cellectis.We currently foresee focusing our cash spending at Cellectis for the Full Year of 2022 in the following areas:Supporting the development of our pipeline of product candidates  including the manufacturing and clinical trial expenses of UCART123  UCART22  UCARTCS1  UCART 20x22 and new product candidates  andOperating our state-of-the-art manufacturing capabilities in Paris (France)  and Raleigh (North Carolina  U.S.A); andContinuing strengthening our manufacturing and clinical departments.As of the date of this interim report  BALLI-01 (UCART22 Phase 1 open label Study) is currently enrolling patients at (i) dose level 3 (DL3) with an FCA preconditioning regimen and (ii) dose level 2 (DL2) using UCART22 batches manufactured from an upgraded Cellectis internal manufacturing Process 2 (P2) with an FCA preconditioning regimen.CELLECTIS S.A.(unaudited)CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF FINANCIAL POSITION($ in thousands  except per share data)As of December 31  2021 UnauditedSeptember 30 2022 ASSETS Non-current assets Intangible assets 1 854 1 511 Property  plant  and equipment 78 846 70 759 Right-of-use assets 69 423 58 112 Non-current financial assets 6 524 8 926 Total non-current assets 156 647 139 307 Current assets Trade receivables 20 361 802 Subsidies receivables 9 268 12 152 Other current assets 9 665 8 311 Cash and cash equivalent and Current financial assets 186 135 119 008 Total current assets 225 429 140 272 TOTAL ASSETS 382 076 279 580 LIABILITIES Shareholders’ equity Share capital 2 945 2 949 Premiums related to the share capital 934 696 579 047 Currency translation adjustment (18 021 ) (35 434 ) Retained earnings (584 129 ) (330 595 ) Net income (loss) (114 197 ) (79 326 ) Total shareholders’ equity - Group Share 221 293 136 641 Non-controlling interests 15 181 8 971 Total shareholders’ equity 236 474 145 612 Non-current liabilities Non-current financial liabilities 20 030 14 699 Non-current lease debts 71 526 63 592 Non-current provisions 4 073 2 646 Other non-current liabilities 626 - Total non-current liabilities 96 254 80 937 Current liabilities Current financial liabilities 2 354 10 379 Current lease debts 8 329 7 971 Trade payables 23 762 22 353 Deferred revenues and deferred income 301 320 Current provisions 871 425 Other current liabilities 13 731 11 582 Total current liabilities 49 348 53 030 TOTAL LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS’ EQUITY 382 076 279 580Cellectis S.A.CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS (UNAUDITED)For the three-month period ended September 30  2022$ in thousands  except per share amountsFor the three-month period ended September 30  2021 2022 Revenues and other income Revenues 8 312 217 Other income 2 516 1 704 Total revenues and other income 10 827 1 921 Operating expenses Cost of revenue (9 213 ) (367 ) Research and development expenses (34 324 ) (26 667 ) Selling  general and administrative expenses (9 675 ) (7 641 ) Other operating income (expenses) 18 (408 ) Total operating expenses (53 195 ) (35 082 ) Operating income (loss) (42 368 ) (33 162 ) Financial gain (loss) 2 296 1 896 Net income (loss) (40 071 ) (31 265 ) Attributable to shareholders of Cellectis (37 413 ) (28 467 ) Attributable to non-controlling interests (2 658 ) (2 798 ) Basic net income (loss) attributable to shareholders of Cellectis per share ($/share) (0.82 ) (0.63 ) Diluted net income (loss) attributable to shareholders of Cellectis per share ($/share) (0.82 ) (0.63 )Cellectis S.A.CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS (UNAUDITED)For the nine-month period ended September 30  2022$ in thousands  except per share amountsFor the nine-month period ended September 30  2021 2022 Revenues and other income Revenues 45 088 3 262 Other income 8 320 5 255 Total revenues and other income 53 408 8 517 Operating expenses Cost of revenue (29 113 ) (1 081 ) Research and development expenses (96 663 ) (85 194 ) Selling  general and administrative expenses (27 894 ) (25 336 ) Other operating income (expenses) 506 608 Total operating expenses (153 163 ) (111 003 ) Operating income (loss) (99 755 ) (102 485 ) Financial gain (loss) 2 728 17 009 Net income (loss) (97 027 ) (85 476 ) Attributable to shareholders of Cellectis (89 201 ) (79 326 ) Attributable to non-controlling interests (7 827 ) (6 150 ) Basic net income (loss) attributable to shareholders of Cellectis per share ($/share) (2.00 ) (1.74 ) Diluted net income (loss) attributable to shareholders of Cellectis per share ($/share) (2.00 ) (1.74 )CELLECTIS S.A.DETAILS OF KEY PERFORMANCE INDICATORS BY REPORTABLE SEGMENTS – Third Quarter(unaudited) - ($ in thousands)For the three-month period endedSeptember 30  2021 For the three-month period endedSeptember 30  2022 $ in thousands Plants Therapeutics Total reportable segments Plants Therapeutics Total reportable segments External revenues 8 288 24 8 312 42 175 217 External other income 0 2 516 2 516 - 1 704 1 704 External revenues and other income 8 288 2 540 10 827 42 1 879 1 921 Cost of revenue (8 807 ) (407 ) (9 213 ) (0 ) (367 ) (367 ) Research and development expenses (2 523 ) (31 802 ) (34 324 ) (2 830 ) (23 837 ) (26 667 ) Selling  general and administrative expenses (3 992 ) (5 683 ) (9 675 ) (2 738 ) (4 903 ) (7 641 ) Other operating income and expenses 18 (1 ) 18 (282 ) (125 ) (408 ) Total operating expenses (15 304 ) (37 892 ) (53 195 ) (5 850 ) (29 233 ) (35 082 ) Operating income (loss) before tax (7 016 ) (35 352 ) (42 368 ) (5 808 ) (27 353 ) (33 162 ) Financial gain (loss) (291 ) 2 588 2 296 90 1 806 1 896 Net income (loss) (7 307 ) (32 764 ) (40 071 ) (5 718 ) (25 547 ) (31 265 ) Non controlling interests 2 658 - 2 658 2 798 - 2 798 Net income (loss) attributable to shareholders of Cellectis (4 650 ) (32 764 ) (37 413 ) (2 920 ) (25 547 ) (28 467 ) R&D non-cash stock-based expense attributable to shareholder of Cellectis 151 3 219 3 370 116 809 925 SG&A non-cash stock-based expense attributable to shareholder of Cellectis 707 986 1 693 434 521 955 Adjustment of share-based compensation attributable to shareholders of Cellectis 858 4 204 5 062 550 1 330 1 880 Adjusted net income (loss) attributable to shareholders of Cellectis (3 792 ) (28 560 ) (32 351 ) (2 370 ) (24 218 ) (26 587 ) Depreciation and amortization (615 ) (3 708 ) (4 323 ) (438 ) (4 305 ) (4 744 ) Additions to tangible and intangible assets 69 3 426 3 495 218 223 442CELLECTIS S.A.DETAILS OF KEY PERFORMANCE INDICATORS BY REPORTABLE SEGMENTS – First nine-months(unaudited) - ($ in thousands)For the nine-month period endedSeptember 30  2021 For the nine-month period endedSeptember 30  2022 $ in thousands Plants Therapeutics Total reportable segments Plants Therapeutics Total reportable segments External revenues 25 004 20 085 45 088 115 3 147 3 262 External other income 1 528 6 792 8 320 - 5 255 5 255 External revenues and other income 26 532 26 876 53 408 115 8 402 8 517 Cost of revenue (27 512 ) (1 601 ) (29 113 ) (0 ) (1 081 ) (1 081 ) Research and development expenses (8 358 ) (88 304 ) (96 663 ) (9 127 ) (76 067 ) (85 194 ) Selling  general and administrative expenses (11 520 ) (16 373 ) (27 894 ) (9 539 ) (15 797 ) (25 336 ) Other operating income and expenses 25 481 506 (40 ) 649 608 Total operating expenses (47 366 ) (105 797 ) (153 163 ) (18 706 ) (92 297 ) (111 003 ) Operating income (loss) before tax (20 834 ) (78 921 ) (99 755 ) (18 591 ) (83 894 ) (102 485 ) Net financial gain (loss) (875 ) 3 603 2 728 5 990 11 019 17 009 Net income (loss) (21 709 ) (75 318 ) (97 027 ) (12 601 ) (72 875 ) (85 476 ) Non-controlling interests 7 827 - 7 827 6 150 - 6 150 Net income (loss) attributable to shareholders of Cellectis (13 883 ) (75 318 ) (89 201 ) (6 451 ) (72 875 ) (79 326 ) R&D non-cash stock-based expense attributable to shareholder of Cellectis 682 6 922 7 604 332 3 943 4 274 SG&A non-cash stock-based expense attributable to shareholder of Cellectis (208 ) 1 901 1 693 1 224 1 713 2 937 Adjustment of share-based compensation attributable to shareholders of Cellectis 474 8 823 9 297 1 555 5 656 7 211 Adjusted net income (loss) attributable to shareholders of Cellectis (13 409 ) (66 495 ) (79 904 ) (4 896 ) (67 219 ) (72 114 ) Depreciation and amortization (1 834 ) (9 651 ) (11 485 ) (1 754 ) (13 739 ) (15 493 ) Additions to tangible and intangible assets 377 14 446 14 822 890 1 675 2 565Note Regarding Use of Non-IFRS Financial MeasuresCellectis S.A. presents adjusted net income (loss) attributable to shareholders of Cellectis in this press release. Adjusted net income (loss) attributable to shareholders of Cellectis is not a measure calculated in accordance with IFRS. We have included in this press release a reconciliation of this figure to net income (loss) attributable to shareholders of Cellectis  which is the most directly comparable financial measure calculated in accordance with IFRS. Because adjusted net income (loss) attributable to shareholders of Cellectis excludes Non-cash stock-based compensation expense—a non-cash expense  we believe that this financial measure  when considered together with our IFRS financial statements  can enhance an overall understanding of Cellectis’ financial performance. Moreover  our management views the Company’s operations  and manages its business  based  in part  on this financial measure. In particular  we believe that the elimination of Non-cash stock-based expenses from Net income (loss) attributable to shareholders of Cellectis can provide a useful measure for period-to-period comparisons of our core businesses. Our use of adjusted net income (loss) attributable to shareholders of Cellectis has limitations as an analytical tool  and you should not consider it in isolation or as a substitute for analysis of our financial results as reported under IFRS. Some of these limitations are: (a) other companies  including companies in our industry which use similar stock-based compensation  may address the impact of Non-cash stock- based compensation expense differently; and (b) other companies may report adjusted net income (loss) attributable to shareholders or similarly titled measures but calculate them differently  which reduces their usefulness as a comparative measure. Because of these and other limitations  you should consider adjusted net income (loss) attributable to shareholders of Cellectis alongside our IFRS financial results  including Net income (loss) attributable to shareholders of Cellectis.RECONCILIATION OF IFRS TO NON-IFRS NET INCOME – Third Quarter(unaudited)($ in thousands  except per share data)For the three-month period ended September 30  2021 2022 Net income (loss) attributable to shareholders of Cellectis (37 413 ) (28 467 ) Adjustment: 5 062 1 880 Non-cash stock-based compensation expense attributable to shareholders of Cellectis Adjusted net income (loss) attributable to shareholders of Cellectis (32 351 ) (26 587 ) Basic Adjusted net income (loss) attributable to shareholders of Cellectis ($/share) (0.71 ) (0.58 ) Weighted average number of outstanding shares  basic (units) (1) 45 471 977 45 540 315 Diluted Adjusted net income (loss) attributable to shareholders of Cellectis ($/share) (1) (0.71 ) (0.58 ) Weighted average number of outstanding shares  diluted (units) (1) 45 471 977 45 540 315When we have adjusted net loss  in accordance with IFRS  we use the Weighted average number of outstanding shares  basic to compute the Diluted adjusted net income (loss) attributable to shareholders of Cellectis ($/share). When we have adjusted net income  in accordance with IFRS  we use the Weighted average number of outstanding shares  diluted to compute the Diluted adjusted net income (loss) attributable to shareholders of Cellectis ($/share)RECONCILIATION OF IFRS TO NON-IFRS NET INCOME – First nine-months(unaudited)($ in thousands  except per share data)For the nine-month period ended September 30  2021 2022 Net income (loss) attributable to shareholders of Cellectis (89 201 ) (79 326 ) Adjustment: 9 297 7 211 Non-cash stock-based compensation expense attributable to shareholders of Cellectis Adjusted net income (loss) attributable to shareholders of Cellectis (79 904 ) (72 114 ) Basic Adjusted net income (loss) attributable to shareholders of Cellectis ($/share) (1.79 ) (1.58 ) Weighted average number of outstanding shares  basic (units) (1) 44 599 935 45 511 626 Diluted Adjusted net income (loss) attributable to shareholders of Cellectis ($/share) (1) (1.79 ) (1.58 ) Weighted average number of outstanding shares  diluted (units) (1) 44 599 935 45 511 626(1) When we have adjusted net loss  in accordance with IFRS  we use the Weighted average number of outstanding shares  basic to compute the Diluted adjusted net income (loss) attributable to shareholders of Cellectis ($/share). When we have adjusted net income  in accordance with IFRS  we use the Weighted average number of outstanding shares  diluted to compute the Diluted adjusted net income (loss) attributable to shareholders of Cellectis ($/share)About CellectisCellectis is a clinical-stage biotechnology company using its pioneering gene-editing platform to develop life-saving cell and gene therapies. Cellectis utilizes an allogeneic approach for CAR-T immunotherapies in oncology  pioneering the concept of off-the-shelf and ready-to-use gene-edited CAR T-cells to treat cancer patients  and a platform to make therapeutic gene editing in hemopoietic stem cells for various diseases. As a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company with over 22 years of expertise in gene editing  Cellectis is developing life-changing product candidates utilizing TALEN®  its gene editing technology  and PulseAgile  its pioneering electroporation system to harness the power of the immune system in order to treat diseases with unmet medical needs. As part of its commitment to a cure  Cellectis remains dedicated to its goal of providing lifesaving UCART product candidates for multiple cancers including acute myeloid leukemia (AML)  B-cell acute lymphoblastic leukemia (B-ALL) and multiple myeloma (MM). .HEAL is a new platform focusing on hemopoietic stem cells to treat blood disorders  immunodeficiencies and lysosomal storage diseases. Cellectis’ headquarters are in Paris  France  with locations in New York  New York and Raleigh  North Carolina. Cellectis is listed on the Nasdaq Global Market (ticker: CLLS) and on Euronext Growth (ticker: ALCLS).AlloCAR T™ is a trademark of Allogene Therapeutics  Inc.For more information  visit www.cellectis.comFollow Cellectis on social media: @cellectis  LinkedIn and YouTube.For further information  please contact:Media contacts:Pascalyne Wilson  Director  Communications  +33776991433  media@cellectis.comMargaret Gandolfo  Senior Manager  Communications  +1 (646) 628 0300Investor Relation contact:Arthur Stril  Chief Business Officer  +1 (347) 809 5980  investors@cellectis.comAshley R. Robinson  LifeSci Advisors  +1 (617) 430 7577Forward-looking StatementsThis press release contains “forward-looking” statements within the meaning of applicable securities laws  including the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements may be identified by words such as “anticipate ” “believe ” “intend”  “expect ” “plan ” “scheduled ” “could ” “may” and “will ” or the negative of these and similar expressions. These forward-looking statements  which are based on our management’s current expectations and assumptions and on information currently available to management  including information provided or otherwise publicly reported by our licensed partners. Forward-looking statements include statements about advancement  timing and progress of our and our partners’ clinical trials (including with respect to patient enrollment and follow-up)  the timing of presentation of data  the operational capabilities at our manufacturing facilities and the sufficiency of cash to fund operations. the potential of our preclinical programs and product candidates. These forward-looking statements are made in light of information currently available to us and are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties  including with respect to the numerous risks associated with biopharmaceutical product candidate development. With respect to our cash runway  our operating plans  including product development plans  may change as a result of various factors  including factors currently unknown to us. Furthermore  many other important factors  including those described in our Annual Report on Form 20-F and the financial report (including the management report) for the year ended December 31  2021 and subsequent filings Cellectis makes with the Securities Exchange Commission from time to time  as well as other known and unknown risks and uncertainties may adversely affect such forward-looking statements and cause our actual results  performance or achievements to be materially different from those expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. Except as required by law  we assume no obligation to update these forward-looking statements publicly  or to update the reasons why actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in the forward-looking statements  even if new information becomes available in the future.1 Cash position includes cash  cash equivalent  current financial assets and restricted cash. Restricted cash was $5million as of September 30  2022.Attachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.9,0.08,0.02,True,English,"['First Nine Months', 'Business Update', 'Financial Results', 'Third Quarter', 'Cellectis', 'Reports', 'three Cellectis-sponsored Phase 1 dose escalation clinical trials', 'first allogeneic CAR T Phase 2 trial', 'Ernest N. Morial Convention Center', 'Phase 1/2a open-label dose-escalation study', 'allogeneic CAR T-cell product candidate', 'MELANI-01 Phase 1 dose-escalation clinical study', 'AMELI-01 Phase 1 dose-escalation clinical study', 'refractory B-cell acute lymphoblastic leukemia', 'innovative cancer therapy product candidates', 'open-label, dose-escalation AMELI-01 study', '®-edited smart CAR T-cells', 'Amsterdam University Medical Center', 'TALEN®-edited TIL therapy', 'huge unmet medical need', 'refractory acute myeloid leukemia', 'UCART Clinical Development Programs', 'encouraging preliminary clinical data', 'higher UCART123 cell expansion', 'pivotal Phase 2 trial', 'IOV-GM1-201 clinical trial', 'large B-cell lymphoma', 'Chief Medical Officer', 'BALLI-01 clinical study', 'ASH 2022 sponsored programs', 'cell therapy options', 'UCART22 product candidate', 'gene therapy companies', 'refractory multiple myeloma', 'clinical-stage biotechnology company', 'pioneering gene-editing platform', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'ASH) 2022 Annual Meeting', 'safety observation period', 'Hematology Annual Meeting', 'FCA) preconditioning regimen', 'cyclophosphamide lymphodepletion regimen', 'dose level', 'encouraging data', 'first patient', 'clinical activity', 'life-saving cell', 'leading cell', 'preclinical data', 'gene therapies', 'oral presentation', 'poster presentation', 'Allogene Therapeutics', 'Mark Frattini', 'M.D.', 'Ph.D.', 'Cash position1', 'Conference call', 'NEW YORK', 'GLOBE NEWSWIRE', 'Euronext Growth', 'nine-month periods', 'productive year', 'American Society', 'great step', 'André Choulika', 'licensed partners', 'exciting milestones', 'advanced melanoma', 'metastatic NSCLC', 'constant innovation', 'Pipeline highlights', 'Hall E', 'Iovance Biotherapeutics', 'UCART123 abstract', 'r/r AML', 'dosing patients', 'UCARTCS1', 'collaboration', 'SITC', 'industry', 'September', '8AM', 'November', 'ALCLS', 'Nasdaq', 'CLLS', 'results', 'three-month', 'lack', 'UCART20x22', 'house', 'partnerships', 'treatment', 'achievements', 'choice', 'promise', 'order', 'efforts', 'mission', 'progress', 'journey', 'B-ALL', 'CD22', 'relapsed', 'DL', '× 10 6 cells', 'fludarabine', 'alemtuzumab', 'kg', 'CD123', 'release', 'continued', 'enrollment', 'December', '5:00PM', 'Link', 'MM', '× 106 cells']",2022-11-03,2022-11-03,globenewswire.com
12604,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20221103005538/en/Solvay-and-Orbia-Join-Forces-to-Create-a-Joint-Venture-in-North-America-to-Supply-Critical-Materials-to-the-Battery-Market,Solvay and Orbia Join Forces to Create a Joint Venture in North America to Supply Critical Materials to the Battery Market,BRUSSELS & BOSTON--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Solvay and Orbia today announced their entry into a joint venture framework agreement to create a partnership for the production of suspension-grade polyvinylidene fluoride (PVDF)  creating the largest capacity in North Ame…,BRUSSELS & BOSTON--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Solvay and Orbia today announced their entry into a joint venture framework agreement to create a partnership for the production of suspension-grade polyvinylidene fluoride (PVDF)  creating the largest capacity in North America.With more than half of U.S. car sales projected to be electric by 2030  demand for lithium-ion batteries and PVDF  a thermoplastic fluoropolymer used as a lithium-ion binder and separator coating  is revving up. The Solvay-Orbia joint venture would fill a significant supply gap and will build upon favorable regulatory conditions promoting regional production and material security.Solvay  a global leader in PVDF  brings process technology and unparalleled global market know-how to this venture. With a vertically-integrated value chain and material holdings  Orbia’s Fluorinated Solutions business Koura and Polymer Solutions business Vestolit will supply hydrofluoric acid  vinyl chloride monomer (VCM) and chlorine respectively. In combination  Solvay’s Solef® PVDF innovations and Orbia’s raw material assets and production expertise will enable delivery of PVDF that optimizes energy storage efficiency by increasing battery energy density  safety and power.“We are delighted to partner with Orbia on this exciting opportunity to expand our battery solutions into North America  with strong support by the U.S. Department of Energy ” said Ilham Kadri  CEO of Solvay. “This significant milestone in our electrification strategy enhances our global leadership and contributes to the establishment of the battery supply chain infrastructure in the United States. This decision follows our previously announced investment in Tavaux  France. These investments extend our ambition to grow global sales to the automotive market from €800 million in 2021 to over €3 billion by 2030.”Said Sameer Bharadwaj  CEO of Orbia  “Our partnership with Solvay marks a key milestone for our business and our role in enabling the North American energy transition. Together with Solvay  Orbia’s unique position integrated into both the fluorine and vinyl chains helps us to bring a cost-competitive battery supply chain to the U.S. just as we maintain our commitment to developing sustainable solutions that can advance life globally. Along with our previously announced Department of Energy grant to produce LiPF6 electrolyte salts in North America  this investment will put us in a leadership position to provide a secure source for fluorinated lithium-ion battery additives as well as local jobs.”The total investment is estimated to be around $850 million  and is expected to be funded in part by a grant awarded by the U.S. Department of Energy of $178 million to Solvay to build a facility in Augusta  Georgia. Solvay and Orbia intend to use two production sites  one for raw materials and the other for finished product  located in the southeastern United States. Both plants are expected to be fully operational by 2026. Commencement of the joint venture is subject to finalizing and entering into definitive agreements between the parties and satisfaction of customary conditions  including obtaining regulatory approvals.About SolvaySolvay is a science company whose technologies bring benefits to many aspects of daily life. With more than 21 000 employees in 63 countries  Solvay bonds people  ideas and elements to reinvent progress. The Group seeks to create sustainable shared value for all  notably through its Solvay One Planet roadmap crafted around three pillars: protecting the climate  preserving resources and fostering a better life. The Group’s innovative solutions contribute to safer  cleaner  and more sustainable products found in homes  food and consumer goods  planes  cars  batteries  smart devices  health care applications  water and air purification systems. Founded in 1863  Solvay today ranks among the world’s top three companies for the vast majority of its activities and delivered net sales of €10.1 billion in 2021. Solvay is listed on Euronext Brussels and Paris (SOLB). Learn more at solvay.com.About OrbiaOrbia is a company driven by a shared purpose: to advance life around the world. Orbia operates in the Polymer Solutions (Vestolit and Alphagary)  Building and Infrastructure (Wavin)  Precision Agriculture (Netafim)  Connectivity Solutions (Dura-Line) and Fluorinated Solutions (Koura) sectors. The five Orbia business groups have a collective focus on expanding access to health and wellness  reinventing the future of cities and homes  ensuring food and water security  connecting communities to information and accelerating a circular economy with basic and advanced materials  specialty products and innovative solutions. Orbia has a global team of over 23 000 employees  commercial activities in more than 110 countries and operations in over 50  with global headquarters in Boston  Mexico City  Amsterdam and Tel Aviv. The company generated $8.8 billion in revenue in 2021. Learn more at orbia.com.,neutral,0.0,0.95,0.05,positive,0.94,0.05,0.0,True,English,"['Joint Venture', 'North America', 'Critical Materials', 'Battery Market', 'Solvay', 'Orbia', 'Forces', 'cost-competitive battery supply chain', 'joint venture framework agreement', 'unparalleled global market know-how', 'Solvay One Planet roadmap', 'fluorinated lithium-ion battery additives', 'battery supply chain infrastructure', 'North American energy transition', 'The Solvay-Orbia joint venture', 'U.S. car sales', 'five Orbia business groups', 'significant supply gap', 'suspension-grade polyvinylidene fluoride', 'LiPF6 electrolyte salts', 'air purification systems', 'battery energy density', 'vinyl chloride monomer', 'top three companies', 'energy storage efficiency', 'U.S. Department', 'favorable regulatory conditions', 'two production sites', 'southeastern United States', 'health care applications', 'raw material assets', 'Fluorinated Solutions business', 'Solef® PVDF innovations', 'sustainable shared value', 'Polymer Solutions business', 'value chain', 'battery solutions', 'global sales', 'automotive market', 'lithium-ion binder', 'The Group', 'net sales', 'BUSINESS WIRE', 'sustainable solutions', 'significant milestone', 'vinyl chains', 'raw materials', 'customary conditions', 'regulatory approvals', 'three pillars', 'shared purpose', 'material security', 'global leader', 'material holdings', 'sustainable products', 'global team', 'global headquarters', 'innovative solutions', 'Connectivity Solutions', 'lithium-ion batteries', 'largest capacity', 'thermoplastic fluoropolymer', 'separator coating', 'regional production', 'process technology', 'hydrofluoric acid', 'production expertise', 'exciting opportunity', 'strong support', 'Ilham Kadri', 'electrification strategy', 'Sameer Bharadwaj', 'key milestone', 'unique position', 'leadership position', 'secure source', 'local jobs', 'finished product', 'definitive agreements', 'many aspects', 'consumer goods', 'smart devices', 'vast majority', 'Precision Agriculture', 'collective focus', 'circular economy', 'advanced materials', 'specialty products', 'Mexico City', 'Tel Aviv.', 'Energy grant', 'Euronext Brussels', 'Koura) sectors', 'water security', 'commercial activities', 'total investment', 'science company', 'daily life', 'BOSTON', 'entry', 'partnership', 'half', 'demand', 'Vestolit', 'VCM', 'chlorine', 'combination', 'delivery', 'safety', 'power', 'CEO', 'establishment', 'decision', 'Tavaux', 'France', 'investments', 'ambition', 'role', 'fluorine', 'commitment', 'facility', 'Augusta', 'Georgia', 'plants', 'Commencement', 'parties', 'satisfaction', 'technologies', 'benefits', '21,000 employees', '63 countries', 'people', 'ideas', 'elements', 'progress', 'climate', 'resources', 'homes', 'food', 'planes', 'cars', 'world', 'Paris', 'SOLB', 'Alphagary', 'Building', 'Wavin', 'Netafim', 'Dura-Line', 'access', 'wellness', 'future', 'cities', 'communities', 'information', 'basic', '23,000 employees', '110 countries', 'operations', 'Amsterdam', 'revenue']",2022-11-03,2022-11-03,businesswire.com
12605,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2022/11/03/2548039/0/en/Wolters-Kluwer-divestiture-to-proceed-following-Spanish-regulatory-clearance.html,Wolters Kluwer divestiture to proceed following Spanish regulatory clearance,Wolters Kluwer divestiture to proceed following Spanish regulatory clearance  November 3  2022 – Wolters Kluwer Legal & Regulatory announces today...,Wolters Kluwer divestiture to proceed following Spanish regulatory clearanceNovember 3  2022 – Wolters Kluwer Legal & Regulatory announces today that the Spanish Antitrust Authority has given Karnov Group clearance to acquire the legal information assets of Wolters Kluwer and Thomson Reuters in Spain.Therefore  the transaction announced on December 9  2021  whereby Wolters Kluwer will divest its legal information units in France and Spain to Karnov can proceed. The transaction is expected to close on November 30  2022.The assets to be sold by Wolters Kluwer generated revenues of €85 million in 2021 (10% of Legal & Regulatory division revenues) and were profitable. Wolters Kluwer will receive a consideration of €120 million and intends to use the net proceeds for share repurchases in 2023 in order to mitigate the earnings dilution caused by the divestment. Wolters Kluwer expects to record a non-taxable gain on completion.About Wolters KluwerWolters Kluwer (Euronext: WKL) is a global leader in professional information  software solutions  and services for the healthcare; tax and accounting; governance  risk and compliance; and legal and regulatory sectors. We help our customers make critical decisions every day by providing expert solutions that combine deep domain knowledge with specialized technology and services.Wolters Kluwer reported 2021 annual revenues of €4.8 billion. The group serves customers in over 180 countries  maintains operations in over 40 countries  and employs approximately 20 000 people worldwide. The company is headquartered in Alphen aan den Rijn  the Netherlands.Wolters Kluwer shares are listed on Euronext Amsterdam (WKL) and are included in the AEX and Euronext 100 indices. Wolters Kluwer has a sponsored Level 1 American Depositary Receipt (ADR) program. The ADRs are traded on the over-the-counter market in the U.S. (WTKWY).For more information  visit www.wolterskluwer.com  follow us on Twitter  Facebook  LinkedIn  and YouTube.Media Investors/Analysts Gerbert van Genderen Stort Meg Geldens Corporate Communications Investor Relations t + 31 172 641 230 t + 31 172 641 407 press@wolterskluwer.com ir@wolterskluwer.comForward-looking Statements and Other Important Legal InformationThis report contains forward-looking statements. These statements may be identified by words such as “expect”  “should”  “could”  “shall” and similar expressions. Wolters Kluwer cautions that such forward-looking statements are qualified by certain risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results and events to differ materially from what is contemplated by the forward-looking statements. Factors which could cause actual results to differ from these forward-looking statements may include  without limitation  general economic conditions; conditions in the markets in which Wolters Kluwer is engaged; behavior of customers  suppliers  and competitors; technological developments; the implementation and execution of new ICT systems or outsourcing; and legal  tax  and regulatory rules affecting Wolters Kluwer’s businesses  as well as risks related to mergers  acquisitions  and divestments. In addition  financial risks such as currency movements  interest rate fluctuations  liquidity  and credit risks could influence future results. The foregoing list of factors should not be construed as exhaustive. Wolters Kluwer disclaims any intention or obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements  whether as a result of new information  future events or otherwise.This press release contains information which is to be made publicly available under Regulation (EU) 596/2014.Attachment,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,negative,0.0,0.13,0.87,True,English,"['Wolters Kluwer divestiture', 'Spanish regulatory clearance', 'Analysts Gerbert van Genderen Stort Meg Geldens', 'Alphen aan den Rijn', 'Level 1 American Depositary Receipt', 'Corporate Communications Investor Relations', 'Other Important Legal Information', 'Spanish Antitrust Authority', 'deep domain knowledge', 'interest rate fluctuations', 'new ICT systems', 'Spanish regulatory clearance', 'general economic conditions', 'legal information units', 'Wolters Kluwer divestiture', 'Wolters Kluwer shares', 'Regulatory division revenues', 'Karnov Group clearance', 'Wolters Kluwer Legal', 'legal information assets', 'new information', 'professional information', 'regulatory sectors', 'regulatory rules', 'Thomson Reuters', 'net proceeds', 'share repurchases', 'earnings dilution', 'taxable gain', 'global leader', 'software solutions', 'critical decisions', 'expert solutions', 'specialized technology', '2021 annual revenues', 'ADR) program', 'counter market', 'U.S.', 'Media Investors', 'similar expressions', 'actual results', 'technological developments', 'currency movements', 'future results', 'foregoing list', 'press release', 'Forward-looking Statements', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'Euronext 100 indices', 'financial risks', 'credit risks', 'future events', 'Spain', 'transaction', 'December', 'France', 'November', 'consideration', 'order', 'divestment', 'completion', 'WKL', 'services', 'healthcare', 'accounting', 'governance', 'compliance', 'customers', '180 countries', 'operations', '40 countries', '20,000 people', 'company', 'Netherlands', 'AEX', 'ADRs', 'WTKWY', 'Twitter', 'Facebook', 'LinkedIn', 'YouTube', 'report', 'words', 'uncertainties', 'Factors', 'limitation', 'markets', 'behavior', 'suppliers', 'competitors', 'implementation', 'execution', 'outsourcing', 'businesses', 'mergers', 'acquisitions', 'addition', 'liquidity', 'intention', 'obligation', 'Regulation', 'Attachment']",2022-11-03,2022-11-03,globenewswire.com
12606,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/ing-announces-share-buyback-programme-060300240.html,ING announces share buyback programme of up to €1.5 billion,ING announces share buyback programme of up to €1.5 billion ING announced today the start of a share buyback programme under which it plans to repurchase...,ING GroupING announces share buyback programme of up to €1.5 billionING announced today the start of a share buyback programme under which it plans to repurchase ordinary shares of ING Groep N.V.  for a maximum total amount of €1.5 billion.The purpose of the share buyback programme is to reduce the share capital of ING. It is a next step in converging our CET1 ratio towards our target of around 12.5% by 2025  as announced during our Investor Update in June 2022.ING Group’s CET1 ratio was 14.7% at the end of the third quarter of 2022 which is well above the prevailing CET1 ratio requirement of 10.52%. The buyback programme will have an expected pro-forma impact of roughly 44 bps on our CET1 ratio.The share buyback programme will commence on 3 November 2022 and is expected to end no later than 30 December 2022. Any remaining amount of the programme after the end date will be paid out in cash to shareholders on 16 January 2023.The ECB has approved the programme  which will be executed in compliance with the Market Abuse Regulation and within the limitations of the existing authority to acquire a maximum of 10% of the issued shares as granted by the general meeting of shareholders on 25 April 2022. ING has entered into a non-discretionary arrangement with a financial intermediary to conduct the buyback.ING will provide weekly updates on the progress of the programme via a press release and on the Investor Relations section of the ING website: https://www.ing.com/Investor-relations/Share-information/Share-buyback-programme.htm.Note for editorsFor further information on ING  please visit www.ing.com. Frequent news updates can be found in the Newsroom or via the @ING_news Twitter feed. Photos of ING operations  buildings and its executives are available for download at Flickr. ING presentations are available at SlideShare.Press enquiries Investor enquiries Christoph Linke ING Group Investor Relations +31 20 576 5000 +31 20 576 6396 Raymond.Vermeulen@ing.com Investor.Relations@ing.comING PROFILEING is a global financial institution with a strong European base  oﬀering banking services through its operating company ING Bank. The purpose of ING Bank is: empowering people to stay a step ahead in life and in business. ING Bank’s more than 58 000 employees oﬀer retail and wholesale banking services to customers in over 40 countries.Story continuesING Group shares are listed on the exchanges of Amsterdam (INGA NA  INGA.AS)  Brussels and on the New York Stock Exchange (ADRs: ING US  ING.N).Sustainability is an integral part of ING’s strategy  evidenced by ING’s leading position in sector benchmarks. ING's Environmental  Social and Governance (ESG) rating by MSCI was aﬃrmed 'AA' in September 2022. As of August 2022  Sustainalytics considers ING’s management of ESG material risk to be ‘strong’  and in June 2022 ING received an ESG rating of 'strong' from S&P Global Ratings. ING Group shares are also included in major sustainability and ESG index products of leading providers Euronext  STOXX  Morningstar and FTSE Russell.IMPORTANT LEGAL INFORMATIONCertain of the statements contained herein are not historical facts  including  without limitation  certain statements made of future expectations and other forward-looking statements that are based on management’s current views and assumptions and involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results  performance or events to diﬀer materially from those expressed or implied in such statements. Actual results  performance or events may diﬀer materially from those in such statements due to a number of factors  including  without limitation: (1) changes in general economic conditions and customer behaviour  in particular economic conditions in ING’s core markets  including changes aﬀecting currency exchange rates and the regional and global economic impact of the invasion of Russia into Ukraine and related international response measures (2) eﬀects of the Covid-19 pandemic and related response measures  including lockdowns and travel restrictions  on economic conditions in countries in which ING operates  on ING’s business and operations and on ING’s employees  customers and counterparties (3) changes aﬀecting interest rate levels (4) any default of a major market participant and related market disruption (5) changes in performance of financial markets  including in Europe and developing markets (6) fiscal uncertainty in Europe and the United States(7) discontinuation of or changes in ‘benchmark’ indices (8) inflation and deflation in our principal markets (9) changes in conditions in the credit and capital markets generally  including changes in borrower and counterparty creditworthiness (10) failures of banks falling under the scope of state compensation schemes (11) non-compliance with or changes in laws and regulations  including those concerning financial services  financial economic crimes and tax laws  and the interpretation and application thereof (12) geopolitical risks  political instabilities and policies and actions of governmental and regulatory authorities  including in connection with the invasion of Russia into Ukraine and related international response measures (13) legal and regulatory risks in certain countries with less developed legal and regulatory frameworks(14) prudential supervision and regulations  including in relation to stress tests and regulatory restrictions on dividends and distributions (also among members of the group) (15) regulatory consequences of the United Kingdom’s withdrawal from the European Union  including authorizations and equivalence decisions (16) ING’s ability to meet minimum capital and other prudential regulatory requirements (17) changes in regulation of US commodities and derivatives businesses of ING and its customers(18) application of bank recovery and resolution regimes  including write- down and conversion powers in relation to our securities (19) outcome of current and future litigation  enforcement proceedings  investigations or other regulatory actions  including claims by customers or stakeholders who feel misled or treated unfairly  and other conduct issues (20) changes in tax laws and regulations and risks of non-compliance or investigation in connection with tax laws  including FATCA (21) operational and IT risks  such as system disruptions or failures  breaches of security  cyber-attacks  human error  changes in operational practices or inadequate controls including in respect of third parties with which we do business (22) risks and challenges related to cybercrime including the eﬀects of cyberattacks and changes in legislation and regulation related to cybersecurity and data privacy (23) changes in general competitive factors  including ability to increase or maintain market share (24) inability to protect our intellectual property and infringement claims by third parties (25) inability of counterparties to meet financial obligations or ability to enforce rights against such counterparties (26) changes in credit ratings (27) business  operational  regulatory  reputation  transition and other risks and challenges in connection with climate change and ESG-related matters(28) inability to attract and retain key personnel (29) future liabilities under defined benefit retirement plans (30) failure to manage business risks  including in connection with use of models  use of derivatives  or maintaining appropriate policies and guidelines (31) changes in capital and credit markets  including interbank funding  as well as customer deposits  which provide the liquidity and capital required to fund our operations  and(32) the other risks and uncertainties detailed in the most recent annual report of ING Groep N.V. (including the Risk Factors contained therein) and ING’s more recent disclosures  including press releases  which are available on www.ING.com.This document may contain inactive textual addresses to internet websites operated by us and third parties. Reference to such websites is made for information purposes only  and information found at such websites is not incorporated by reference into this document. ING does not make any representation or warranty with respect to the accuracy or completeness of  or take any responsibility for  any information found at any websites operated by third parties. ING specifically disclaims any liability with respect to any information found at websites operated by third parties. ING cannot guarantee that websites operated by third parties remain available following the publication of this document  or that any information found at such websites will not change following the filing of this document. Many of those factors are beyond ING’s control.Any forward looking statements made by or on behalf of ING speak only as of the date they are made  and ING assumes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements  whether as a result of new information or for any other reason.This document does not constitute an oﬀer to sell  or a solicitation of an oﬀer to purchase  any securities in the United States or any other jurisdictionAttachment,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,negative,0.01,0.3,0.7,True,English,"['share buyback programme', 'New York Stock Exchange', 'S&P Global Ratings', 'prevailing CET1 ratio requirement', 'currency exchange rates', 'Groep N.V.', 'strong European base', 'international response measures', 'interest rate levels', 'state compensation schemes', 'global financial institution', 'Market Abuse Regulation', 'Investor Relations section', 'Frequent news updates', 'ESG material risk', 'ESG index products', 'global economic impact', 'major market participant', 'IMPORTANT LEGAL INFORMATION', 'financial economic crimes', 'wholesale banking services', 'related response measures', 'maximum total amount', 'share buyback programme', 'other forward-looking statements', 'Group Investor Relations', 'general economic conditions', 'share capital', 'financial services', 'market disruption', 'Investor Update', 'pro-forma impact', 'remaining amount', 'general meeting', 'weekly updates', 'Investor enquiries', 'ESG) rating', 'ESG rating', 'financial intermediary', 'financial markets', 'next step', 'third quarter', 'The ECB', 'existing authority', 'discretionary arrangement', 'press release', 'Press enquiries', 'Christoph Linke', 'operating company', 'INGA NA', 'INGA.AS', 'integral part', 'leading position', 'sector benchmarks', 'Environmental, Social', 'major sustainability', 'leading providers', 'FTSE Russell', 'historical facts', 'future expectations', 'current views', 'unknown risks', 'actual results', 'customer behaviour', 'core markets', 'Covid-19 pandemic', 'travel restrictions', 'developing markets', 'fiscal uncertainty', 'United States', 'benchmark’ indices', 'principal markets', 'capital markets', 'counterparty creditworthiness', 'geopolitical risks', 'political instabilities', 'ordinary shares', 'Group shares', 'end date', 'tax laws', 'start', 'purpose', 'target', 'June', '44 bps', '3 November', '30 December', 'cash', 'shareholders', '16 January', 'compliance', 'limitations', '25 April', 'progress', 'website', 'Investor-relations', 'Share-information', 'buyback-programme', 'Note', 'editors', 'Newsroom', 'Photos', 'operations', 'buildings', 'executives', 'download', 'Flickr', 'presentations', 'SlideShare', 'Vermeulen', 'PROFILE', 'people', 'life', 'business', '58,000 employees', 'retail', 'customers', '40 countries', 'Story', 'exchanges', 'Amsterdam', 'Brussels', 'ADRs', 'strategy', 'Governance', 'MSCI', 'September', 'August', 'Sustainalytics', 'management', 'Euronext', 'Morningstar', 'assumptions', 'uncertainties', 'performance', 'events', 'number', 'factors', 'particular', 'regional', 'invasion', 'Russia', 'Ukraine', 'lockdowns', 'counterparties', 'default', 'discontinuation', 'inflation', 'deflation', 'borrower', 'banks', 'scope', 'regulations', 'interpretation', 'application', 'policies', 'actions', '10.']",2022-11-03,2022-11-03,finance.yahoo.com
12607,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20221103005985/en/Teleperformance-SE-Quarterly-Information-at-September-30-2022,Teleperformance SE: Quarterly Information at September 30  2022,PARIS--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Regulatory News: Teleperformance (Paris:TEP)  the global leader in outsourced customer and citizen experience management and related digital services  today released its quarterly and nine-month revenue figures for the period ended Sep…,"PARIS--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Regulatory News:Teleperformance (Paris:TEP)  the global leader in outsourced customer and citizen experience management and related digital services  today released its quarterly and nine-month revenue figures for the period ended September 30  2022.Third-quarter 2022: €2 056 million  up +17.2% as reported up +7.0% like-for-like* up +13.8% like-for-like excluding impact of lower revenue from Covid support contractsNine months 2022: €6 002 million  up +15.7% as reported up +6.0% like-for-like* up +13.2% like-for-like excluding impact of lower revenue from Covid support contractsSolid  responsible growthThe Group's growth was based on:- a diversified client portfolio- optimized outsourcing solutions thanks to the digital transformation- the global expertise developed in each client sector- the strong momentum in the travel  healthcare (in the United States) and financial services sectors  as well as in the digital economyThe high value-added Specialized Services activities have recently been strengthened thanks to the acquisition of PSG Global Solutions (“PSG”) in the recruitment process outsourcing market. Its offering is based on a digital platform that reduces recruitment lead time and costsThe Group is continuing to deploy a flexible work organization   with around 50% of the workforce working from home  with around 50% of the workforce working from home In October 2022  for the second year running  Teleperformance was named one of the World’s 25 Best Workplaces™ across all industries by Fortune magazine in partnership with Great Place to Work®Full-year 2022 targets raisedDespite an uncertain economic environment  the Group will continue to grow in the fourth quarter   thanks to the ramp-up of contracts signed over the course of the year  thanks to the ramp-up of contracts signed over the course of the year Like-for-like revenue growth excluding Covid support contracts** should be more than +12%   versus the 2022 target of more than +10% initially communicated  versus the 2022 target of more than +10% initially communicated The EBITDA margin before non-recurring items should be more than 21%The EBITA margin before non-recurring items should stand at around 15.5%  up +40 basis points year on year  and up +10 basis points compared with the 2022 target of a +30 basis point increase initially communicated* At constant scope of consolidation and exchange rates; ** Excluding the impact of lower revenue from Covid support contracts (""Covid contracts"")Commenting on this performance  Teleperformance Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Daniel Julien said: ""In third-quarter 2022  Teleperformance generated revenue growth of +17.2% reported  of which +7.0% like-for-like and +13.8% excluding the impact of Covid support contracts. In the first nine months of the year  revenue amounted to €6 billion. The current momentum supports our forecast of revenue above €8 billion for the full year  with like-for-like growth of more than +12%  excluding the impact of Covid support contracts.This growth is coupled with an upward trend in EBITA margin  which should reach 15.5%  up +40 basis points versus 2021 and +10 basis points versus our initial targets.Despite a tough environment  the growth outlook is solid  thanks to our three-fold expertise in “lines of business  client verticals  geographies” and our reinforced investments in digital solutions.The acquisition of PSG  specialized in recruitment process outsourcing (RPO)  further enhances our offering.""Nine-month and third-quarter 2022 Group revenue€ millions 2022 2021 % change Like-for-likeexcluding “Covidcontracts”* Like-for-like Reported Average exchange rate (9 months) €1 = US$1.06 €1 = US$1.20 Nine months 6 002 5 186 +13.2% +6.0% +15.7% Third quarter 2 056 1 755 +13.8% +7.0% +17.2%* Excluding the impact of lower revenue from Covid support contracts (“Covid contracts”)Consolidated revenueRevenue for the third quarter of 2022 amounted to €2 056 million  up +17.2%  including a favorable currency effect linked mainly to the rise in the US dollar against the euro and a scope effect reflecting the consolidation of Senture in the Group's financial statements. Growth was +7.0% on a like-for-like basis compared to third-quarter 2021  a satisfactory performance given the absence of any material contribution from Covid support contracts during the quarter. Adjusted for this non-recurring impact  third-quarter like-for-like growth was +13.8%  building on the increased momentum observed in the second quarter across both of the Group's activities.Revenue amounted to €6 002 million for the first nine months of 2022  a year-on-year increase of +6.0% at constant exchange rates and scope of consolidation (like-for-like) and of +15.7% as reported. Reported revenue was also lifted by the +€286 million positive currency effect  stemming mainly from the rise in the US dollar against the euro. Changes in the scope of consolidation had a +€203 million positive impact  reflecting the consolidation of Health Advocate from July 1  2021 and of Senture from January 1  2022.Like-for-like growth in the first nine months of 2022 was particularly strong given the negative impact of lower revenue from Covid support contracts (down -€394 million compared with the first nine months of 2021). Adjusted for this expected non-recurring impact  like-for-like growth stood at +13.2% for the period.This strong momentum is based in particular on the Group's robust and diversified client portfolio. Thanks to our global presence and our attractive offering of integrated solutions  ""from the field to the board room""  we are well positioned to outperform the structural growth of the market.The Specialized Services activities also enjoyed sustained growth  led by the resounding recovery of TLScontact’s visa application management business and the continued steady development of LanguageLine Solutions' online interpreting business.Revenue by activityNine months 2022 Nine months 2021 Variation € millions Like-for-like Like-for-likeexcluding “Covidcontracts”** Reported CORE SERVICES & D.I.B.S.* 5 160 4 604 +4.2% +12.4% +12.1% English-speaking & Asia-Pacific (EWAP) 1 787 1 510 +0.2% +10.7% +18.3% Ibero-LATAM 1 687 1 370 +16.9% +16.9% +23.1% Continental Europe & MEA (CEMEA) 1 275 1 404 -8.2% +7.7% -9.1% India 411 320 +20.3% +20.3% +28.3% SPECIALIZED SERVICES 842 582 +19.1% +19.1% +44.7% TOTAL 6 002 5 186 +6.0% +13.2% +15.7%Q3 2022 Q3 2021 Variation € millions Like-for-like Like-for-likeexcluding “Covidcontracts”** Reported CORE SERVICES & D.I.B.S.* 1 749 1 529 +5.1% +13.0% +14.4% English-speaking & Asia-Pacific (EWAP) 612 518 -1.5% +8.4% +18.0% Ibero-LATAM 588 475 +16.8% +16.8% +24.0% Continental Europe & MEA (CEMEA) 401 427 -5.3% +11.5% -6.1% India 148 109 +24.7% +24.7% +35.0% SPECIALIZED SERVICES 307 226 +18.8% +18.8% +36.3% TOTAL 2 056 1 755 +7.0% +13.8% +17.2%* Digital Integrated Business Services** Excluding the impact of lower revenue from Covid support contracts (""Covid contracts"")Core Services & Digital Integrated Business Services (D.I.B.S.)In the third quarter  Core Services & D.I.B.S. revenue amounted to €1 749 million  up +5.1% like-for-like from the prior-year period. Excluding the impact of Covid support contracts  like-for-like growth was +13.0%. The acceleration in business growth observed in the second quarter of the year continued apace in the third quarter.Revenue amounted to €5 160 million in the first nine months of 2022  a year-on-year increase of +4.2% like-for-like. Reported growth came to +12.1%  with the difference versus like-for-like growth primarily attributable to the rise against the euro in the US dollar and most other currencies including the Brazilian real  the Indian rupee  the Mexican peso and the Colombian peso. In addition  reported growth includes the contribution of Senture  which has been consolidated in the Group's financial statements from January 1  2022.Excluding the impact of Covid support contracts  the Core Services & D.I.B.S. activity delivered +12.4% growth on a like-for-like basis in the first nine months. This strong momentum is based in particular on the Group’s robust and diversified client portfolio.English-speaking & Asia-Pacific (EWAP)In the third quarter  revenue for the region was €612 million  slightly down (-1.5%) on a like-for-like basis  affected by the sharp decline in the revenue contribution of Covid support contracts in the United Kingdom. Excluding the impact of Covid support contracts  like-for-like growth was +8.4%.Revenue was €1 787 million for the first nine months of 2022  stable compared to the prior year with a like-for-like increase of +0.2%. The reported increase of +18.3% was primarily attributable to favorable currency effects – corresponding to the rise against the euro in the US dollar and  to a lesser extent  in the Indian rupee  the Philippine peso and the pound sterling– and the positive impact of consolidating Senture from January 1  2022.Revenue remained stable throughout the nine-month period due mainly to the sharp decline in the revenue contribution of Covid support contracts in the United Kingdom  which was expected. Excluding Covid support contracts  like-for-like growth for the EWAP region was +10.7%.In the North American market  revenue in the social media  online entertainment  travel and financial services sectors continued to grow at a brisk pace.Offshore activities in the Philippines have been growing at a very rapid pace since the beginning of the year. They are attractive for effectively addressing the temporary recruitment difficulties encountered in the US domestic labor market.In the United Kingdom  activities excluding the impact of Covid support contracts accelerated significantly in the third quarter in the banking and insurance sectors and with government agencies.Ibero-LATAMIn the third quarter  revenue came to €588 million  up +16.8% on a like-for-like basis.Nine-month revenue for the Ibero-LATAM region came to €1 687 million  a year-on-year increase of +16.9% like-for-like. The reported increase of +23.1% mainly reflected the rise in the US dollar  Brazilian real  Mexican peso and Colombian peso against the euro.This once again very satisfactory performance is largely attributable to the Group's assertive operations in the social media  online entertainment  healthcare  financial services and travel sectors.Growth remained strong in most countries in the region. Business growth was particularly robust in Argentina  Peru  the Dominican Republic and Mexico. Multilingual hubs in Spain and Portugal are enjoying further rapid expansion.Continental Europe & MEA (CEMEA)In the third quarter  revenue in the CEMEA region came to €401 million  down -5.3% on a like-for-like basis  due to the sharp decline in the contribution from Covid support contracts. Excluding the impact of Covid support contracts  like-for-like growth was +11.5%.Revenue amounted to €1 275 million in the first nine months of 2022  a year-on-year decline of -8.2% like-for-like and of -9.1% as reported  with the difference corresponding to negative currency effects due mainly to the fall of the Turkish lira against the euro. The like-for-like decline in revenue is linked to the sharp decrease in the contribution from Covid support contracts in the Netherlands  France and Germany. Excluding the impact of Covid support contracts  business growth reached +7.7% on a like-for-like basis  accelerating steadily throughout the first nine months of the year.The Group reaped the rewards of many new contract start-ups and buoyant business with multinational clients  particularly in the travel  automotive  financial services and online entertainment sectors.IndiaIn the third quarter  revenue amounted to €148 million  up +24.7% like-for-like  a sharp acceleration compared with the first half of the year.In the first nine months of 2022  operations in India generated €411 million in revenue  up +20.3% like-for-like from the prior-year period and by a stronger +28.3% as reported  due to the positive currency effect caused by the rise in the Indian rupee against the euro.Offshore activities  which are the main source of regional revenue and include high value-added solutions for all English-speaking markets  were very robust. Offshore solutions are particularly attractive since they effectively address temporary recruitment difficulties encountered in the domestic labor market.Specialized ServicesIn the third quarter  revenue was €307 million  up +18.8% on a like-for-like basis.Revenue from Specialized Services stood at €842 million in the first nine months of 2022  a year-on-year increase of +19.1% like-for-like and of +44.7% as reported. The difference between like-for-like and reported growth stemmed from a favorable currency effect linked to the increase in value of the US dollar against the euro and a positive scope effect in the first half due to the consolidation of Health Advocate in the Group's financial statements since July 1  2021.The recovery in TLScontact volumes continued in the third quarter. However  business has still not reached its full potential due to the lockdowns in China.The growth of LanguageLine Solutions  the main contributor to Specialized Services revenue  accelerated in the third quarter. The healthcare sector  which accounts for more than half of this business' revenue  notably continued to deliver rapid growth.OutlookBarring unforeseen events  Teleperformance’s businesses should continue to grow actively in the fourth quarter  supported by the ramp-up of contracts signed in 2022. Based on the growth from upbeat operations in the first nine months  Teleperformance has raised its full-year 2022 guidance to:- like-for-like revenue growth  excluding the impact of Covid support contracts  of more than +12%  compared with an initial growth objective of more than +10%  which should also enable the Group to exceed the initial target of like-for-like growth of +5%;- an EBITDA margin before non-recurring items of more than 21%- an EBITA margin before non-recurring items of around 15.5% respectively  up +40 basis points versus 2021  and up +10 basis points versus the initial 2022 target of a +30 basis point increase.---------------------------------DisclaimerAll forward-looking statements are based on Teleperformance management’s present expectations of future events and are subject to a number of factors and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those described in the forward-looking statements. For a detailed description of these factors and uncertainties  please refer to the ""Risk Factors"" section of the Universal Registration Document  available at www.teleperformance.com. Teleperformance undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any of these forward-looking statements.Webcast/Conference call with analysts and investorsA conference call and webcast will be held today at 6:15 PM CEST. The webcast will be available live or for delayed viewing at: https://channel.royalcast.com/landingpage/teleperformance/20221103_1/Indicative investor calendarFull-year 2022 results: February 16  2023First-quarter 2023 revenue: April 25  2023About Teleperformance GroupTeleperformance (TEP – ISIN: FR0000051807 – Reuters: TEPRF.PA - Bloomberg: TEP FP)  the global leader in outsourced customer and citizen experience management and related digital services  serves as a strategic partner to the world’s largest companies in many industries. It offers a One Office support services model including end-to-end digital solutions  which guarantee successful customer interaction and optimized business processes  anchored in a unique  comprehensive high touch  high tech approach. Nearly 420 000 employees  based in 88 countries  support billions of connections every year in over 265 languages and around 170 markets  in a shared commitment to excellence as part of the “Simpler  Faster  Safer” process. This mission is supported by the use of reliable  flexible  intelligent technological solutions and compliance with the industry’s highest security and quality standards  based on Corporate Social Responsibility excellence. In 2021  Teleperformance reported consolidated revenue of €7 115 million (US$8.4 billion  based on €1 = $1.18) and net profit of €557 million.Teleperformance shares are traded on the Euronext Paris market  Compartment A  and are eligible for the deferred settlement service. They are included in the following indices: CAC 40  STOXX 600  S&P Europe 350  MSCI Global Standard and Euronext Tech Leaders. In the area of corporate social responsibility  Teleperformance shares are included in the CAC 40 ESG since September 2022  the Euronext Vigeo Euro 120 index since 2015  the EURO STOXX 50 ESG index since 2020  the MSCI Europe ESG Leaders index since 2019  the FTSE4Good index since 2018 and the S&P Global 1200 ESG index since 2017.For more information: www.teleperformance.com Follow us on Twitter: @teleperformanceAppendixGlossary - Alternative Performance MeasuresChange in like-for-like revenue:Change in revenue at constant exchange rates and scope of consolidation = [current year revenue - last year revenue at current year rates - revenue from acquisitions at current year rates] / last year revenue at current year rates.EBITDA before non‑recurring items or current EBITDA (Earnings before Interest  Taxes  Depreciation and Amortization):Operating profit before depreciation & amortization  amortization of intangible assets acquired as part of a business combination  goodwill impairment charges and non-recurring items.EBITA before non‑recurring items or current EBITA (Earnings before Interest  Taxes and Amortization):Operating profit before amortization of intangible assets acquired as part of a business combination  goodwill impairment charges and non-recurring items.Non‑recurring items:Principally comprises restructuring costs  incentive share award plan expense  costs of closure of subsidiary companies  transaction costs for the acquisition of companies  and all other expenses that are unusual by reason of their nature or amount.Net free cash flow:Cash flow generated by the business - acquisitions of intangible assets and property  plant and equipment net of disposals - financial income/expenses.Net debt:Current and non-current financial liabilities - cash and cash equivalentsDiluted earnings per share (net profit attributable to shareholders divided by the number of diluted shares and adjusted):Diluted earnings per share is determined by adjusting the net profit attributable to ordinary shareholders and the weighted average number of ordinary shares outstanding by the effects of all potentially diluting ordinary shares. These include convertible bonds  stock options and incentive share awards granted to employees when the required performance conditions have been met at the end of the financial year.",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.89,0.11,0.01,True,English,"['Teleperformance SE', 'Quarterly Information', 'September', 'Chief Executive Officer Daniel Julien', 'high value-added Specialized Services activities', '+€286 million positive currency effect', '+€203 million positive impact', 'recruitment process outsourcing market', 'favorable currency effect', 'recruitment lead time', 'financial services sectors', 'citizen experience management', 'flexible work organization', 'related digital services', 'Average exchange rate', 'uncertain economic environment', 'diversified client portfolio', 'Covid support contracts', 'first nine months', 'constant exchange rates', 'Solid, responsible growth', 'second year running', '+30 basis point increase', 'nine-month revenue figures', 'PSG Global Solutions', 'outsourcing solutions', 'Covid contracts', 'third-quarter 2022 Group revenue', 'digital solutions', 'tough environment', 'financial statements', 'global leader', 'global expertise', 'client sector', 'client verticals', 'digital transformation', 'digital economy', 'digital platform', 'second quarter', 'year increase', 'Regulatory News', 'outsourced customer', 'United States', 'Fortune magazine', 'Great Place', 'Full-year 2022 targets', 'EBITDA margin', 'non-recurring items', 'EBITA margin', 'upward trend', 'initial targets', 'three-fold expertise', 'US dollar', 'material contribution', 'Health Advocate', 'lower revenue', 'Consolidated revenue', 'constant scope', 'The Group', 'strong momentum', 'fourth quarter', 'current momentum', 'full year', 'growth outlook', 'BUSINESS WIRE', '+10 basis points', 'satisfactory performance', 'recurring impact', 'revenue growth', 'Third quarter', 'Teleperformance Chairman', '40 basis', 'PARIS', 'TEP', 'quarterly', 'period', 'travel', 'healthcare', 'acquisition', 'offering', 'costs', 'workforce', 'home', 'October', 'World', 'Workplaces™', 'industries', 'partnership', 'ramp-up', 'course', 'consolidation', 'forecast', 'lines', 'geographies', 'investments', 'RPO', 'rise', 'euro', 'Senture', 'absence', 'Changes', 'July']",2022-11-03,2022-11-03,businesswire.com
12608,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/dbv-technologies-reports-third-quarter-203000331.html,DBV Technologies Reports Third Quarter Financial Results and Business Update,Montrouge  France  November 3  2022 DBV Technologies Reports Third Quarter Financial Results and Business Update DBV closes Q3 with a cash balance of...,"DBV Technologies S.A.Montrouge  France  November 3  2022DBV Technologies Reports Third Quarter Financial Results and Business UpdateDBV closes Q3 with a cash balance of $213MDBV continues to practice budget discipline measures; cash used in operating activities decreased more than 35% between the nine months ended September 30  2021  and 2022DBV continues to engage with the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) regarding the partial clinical hold on the VITESSE Phase 3 clinical studyDBV Technologies (Euronext: DBV – ISIN: FR0010417345 – Nasdaq Stock Market: DBVT)  a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company  today reported financial results for the third quarter of 2022. The quarterly financial statements were approved by the Board of Directors on November 3  2022. The Company also announced recent business updates concerning the VITESSE ( V iaskin Peanut I mmunotherapy T rial to E valuate S afety  S implicity and E fficacy) Phase 3 study.DBV continues to engage with the FDA to address the feedback provided in the partial clinical hold letter and to finalize the VITESSE Phase 3 study protocol in children ages 4 to 7 years with a confirmed peanut allergy. The Company reports that progress has been made to address key elements of the partial clinical hold letter  but it will not meet the targeted first patient screened by year-end 2022. In parallel  DBV continues internal preparations for VITESSE and is conducting certain site assessment and start-up activities for prompt study launch once the partial clinical hold is lifted.It is currently premature to assess the impact of the partial clinical hold letter on other previously announced milestones related to the VITESSE Phase 3 study. DBV will communicate additional updates publicly as appropriate  including once the partial clinical hold has been lifted. The Company plans to host a conference call following that announcement.VITESSE is a Phase 3  double-blind  placebo-controlled  randomized study to assess the efficacy and safety of epicutaneous immunotherapy with the modified Viaskin™ Peanut 250 µg patch in peanut-allergic children ages 4 to 7 years.Story continuesFinancial Highlights for the Third Quarter and the Nine Months Ended September 30  20221Cash and Cash EquivalentsNine months ended September 30  2022 2021 (in thousands $) Net (decrease) / increase in cash and cash equivalents $ 135 369 $ (98 157) Net cash flow used in operating activities $ (31 781) (89 452) Net cash flows used in investing activities (66) 41 Net cash flows provided by financing activities 194 403 (103) Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents (27 186) (8 643) Net cash and cash equivalents at the end of the period $ 212 670 $ 98 195Cash and cash equivalents were $212.7 million  as of September 30  2022  compared to $77.3 million as of December 31  2021  and $98.2 million as of September 30  2021. The net increase of $135.4 million for the nine months ended September 30  2022  was mostly comprised of a $194.7 million net cash flow received from the ATM Offering in May 2022 for $14.1 million; net of transaction costs and PIPE Offering in June 2022 for $180.6 million; net of transaction costs as well as a $26.4 million cash flow received following the reimbursement of the 2019  2020 and 2021 Research Tax Credit (French Crédit Impôt Recherche  or CIR) offset by a $(58.2) million cash utilization in operating activities; and the effect of exchange rates on cash and cash equivalents for $(27.2) million.Excluding the effect of reimbursement of the Research Tax Credit  the cash used in operating activities decreased by 35% between the nine months ended September 30  2021 and September 30  2022  respectively  reflecting the Company’s continued implementation of budget discipline measures.Operating Income is primarily generated from DBV’s Research Tax Credit (French Crédit Impôt Recherche  or CIR) and from revenue recognized by DBV under its collaboration agreement with Nestlé Health Science. Operating income was $6.1 million for the nine months ended September 30  2022  compared to $2.8 million for the nine months ended September 30  2021. The variation in operating income is primarily attributable to the revision of the revenue recognized under Nestlé’s collaboration agreement conducted as part of the existing contract  as the Company updated the measurement of progress of its Phase 2 APTITUDE milk-diagnostic tool clinical study.Operating ExpensesU.S. GAAPThree months ended September 30  U.S. GAAPNine months endedSeptember 30  ($ in thousands) 2022 2021 2022 2021 Operating expenses: Research and development $ (15 096) $ (16 320) $ (45 930) $ (58 663) Sales and marketing (159) (1 072) (1 659) (2 999) General and administrative (4 839) (8 299) (17 173) (26 250) Total operating expenses $ (20 094) $ (25 691) $ (64 762) $ (87 912)Operating Expenses for the three months ended September 30  2022  were $(20.1) million  compared to $(25.7) million for the three months ended September 30  2021  or -22%. For the nine months ended September 30  2022  operating expenses were $(64.8) million compared to $(87.9) million for the nine months ended September 30  2021  or -26%. DBV has continued to practice financial diligence and implemented further cost containment strategies to support its clinical trial objectives.Employee-related costs decreased by $6.1 million  from $23.1 million for the nine months ended September 30  2021  to $17.0 million for the nine months ended September 30  2022 – a 26% decrease  compared to a 24% decrease of the average number of headcounts between the two periods (85 and 105 full-time equivalent employees for the nine months ended September 30  2022  and 2021  respectively). As of September 30  2022  DBV had 83 employees.Net Loss and Net Loss Per ShareU.S. GAAPThree months endedSeptember 30  U.S. GAAPNine months endedSeptember 30  2022 2021 2022 2021 Net (loss) ($ in thousands) $ (17 287) $ (24 033) $ (57 033) $ (84 136) Basic / diluted net loss per share ($/share) $ (0.18) $ (0.44) $ (0.79) $ (1.53)For the three and nine months ended September 30  2022  net loss was $(17.3) million and $(57.0) million  respectively  compared to a net loss of $(24.0) million and $(84.1) million  respectively  for the comparable periods in 2021. On a per share basis  net loss (based on the weighted average number of shares outstanding over the period) was $(0.18) and $(0.79) for the three and nine months ended September 30  2022  respectively.Conference Call InformationDBV will host a conference call and live audio webcast on Thursday  November 3  2022  at 5:00 p.m. ET to report third quarter 2022 financial results and provide a business update.This call is accessible via the below teleconferencing numbers  followed by the reference ID: 94309191#United States: 866 374 5140Canada: 866 455 3403United Kingdom: 808 238 9813France: 805 102 712A live webcast of the call will be available on the Investors & Media section of the Company’s website: https://www.dbv-technologies.com/investor-relations/. A replay of the presentation will also be available on DBV’s website after the event.CONDENSED STATEMENT OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL POSITION2 (unaudited)($ in thousands)U.S. GAAPSeptember 30  U.S. GAAPDecember 31  2022 2021 (in thousands $) Assets $ 248 117 $ 146 723 of which cash and cash equivalents 212 670 77 301 Liabilities 36 065 47 449 Shareholders’ equity $ 212 052 $ 99 274 of which net result (57 033) (97 809)CONDENSED STATEMENT OF CONSOLIDATED OPERATIONS AND COMPREHENSIVE LOSS1 (unaudited)($ in thousands  except per share data)U.S. GAAPThree months ended September 30  U.S. GAAPNine months ended September 30  2022 2021 2022 2021 Revenue $ 2 074 $ 1 323 $ 6 148 $ 2 776 Operating expenses : Research and development expenses (15 096) (16 320) (45 930) (58 663) Sales and marketing expenses (159) (1 072) (1 659) (2 999) General and administrative expenses (4 839) (8 299) (17 173) (26 250) Total Operating expenses (20 094) (25 691) (64 762) (87 912) Financial income 732 336 1 668 597 Income tax - - (87) 404 Net (loss) $ (17 287) $ (24 033) $ (57 033) $ (84 136) Basic/diluted Net loss per share attributable to shareholders $ (0.18) $ (0.44) $ (0.79) $ (1.53)CONDENSED STATEMENT OF CONSOLIDATED CASH FLOW3 (unaudited)($ in thousands)U.S. GAAPNine months ended September 30  2022 2021 Net cash flow used in operating activities $ (31 781) (89 452) Net cash flows used in (provided by) investing activities (66) 41 Net cash flows provided by financing activities 194 403 (103) Net (decrease) / increase in cash and cash equivalents $ 162 556 $ (89 514) Net cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of the period 77 301 196 352 Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents (27 186) (8 643) Net cash and cash equivalents at the end of the period $ 212 670 $ 98 195About DBV TechnologiesDBV Technologies is developing Viaskin™  an investigational proprietary technology platform with broad potential applications in immunotherapy. Viaskin is based on epicutaneous immunotherapy  or EPIT™  and is DBV Technologies’ method of delivering biologically active compounds to the immune system through intact skin. With this new class of non-invasive product candidates  the Company is dedicated to safely transforming the care of food allergic patients. DBV Technologies’ food allergies programs include ongoing clinical trials of Viaskin Peanut. DBV Technologies has global headquarters in Montrouge  France  and North American operations in Basking Ridge  NJ. The Company’s ordinary shares are traded on segment B of Euronext Paris (Ticker: DBV  ISIN code: FR0010417345) and the Company’s ADSs (each representing one-half of one ordinary share) are traded on the Nasdaq Global Select Market (Ticker: DBVT).Forward Looking StatementsThis press release may contain forward-looking statements and estimates  including statements regarding DBV’s forecast of its cash runway  designs of DBV’s anticipated clinical trials  DBV’s planned regulatory and clinical efforts including timing and results of communications with regulatory agencies  the ability of any of DBV’s product candidates  if approved  to improve the lives of patients with food allergies  and the outcome of any litigation. These forward-looking statements and estimates are not promises or guarantees and involve substantial risks and uncertainties. At this stage  DBV’s product candidates have not been authorized for sale in any country. Among the factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those described or projected herein include uncertainties associated generally with research and development  clinical trials and related regulatory reviews and approvals  including the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic  and DBV’s ability to successfully execute on its budget discipline measures. A further list and description of risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those set forth in the forward-looking statements in this press release can be found in DBV’s regulatory filings with the French Autorité des Marchés Financiers (“AMF”)  DBV’s filings and reports with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”)  including in DBV’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31  2021  filed with the SEC on March 9  2022  and future filings and reports made with the AMF and SEC by DBV. Existing and prospective investors are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements and estimates  which speak only as of the date hereof. Other than as required by applicable law  DBV Technologies undertakes no obligation to update or revise the information contained in this Press Release.Investor ContactAnne PollakDBV Technologies+1 857-529-2363anne.pollak@dbv-technologies.comMedia ContactAngela MarcucciDBV Technologies+1 646-842-2393angela.marcucci@dbv-technologies.comViaskin and EPIT are trademarks of DBV Technologies.1 The Company’s unaudited consolidated financial statements for the nine months ended September 30  2022  are prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the U.S. (""U.S. GAAP"").2 Unaudited financial statements prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the U.S. (""U.S. GAAP"").3 Unaudited financial statements prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the U.S. (""U.S. GAAP"").Attachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.51,0.48,0.01,True,English,"['Third Quarter Financial Results', 'DBV Technologies', 'Business Update', 'V iaskin Peanut I mmunotherapy T rial', 'French Crédit Impôt Recherche', 'APTITUDE milk-diagnostic tool clinical study', 'Phase 3, double-blind, placebo-controlled, randomized study', 'Viaskin™ Peanut 250 µg patch', 'partial clinical hold letter', 'VITESSE Phase 3 study protocol', 'VITESSE Phase 3 clinical study', 'DBV Technologies S.A.', 'Third Quarter Financial Results', '$194.7 million net cash flow', 'budget discipline measures', 'U.S. Food', 'Nasdaq Stock Market', 'U.S. GAAP', 'quarterly financial statements', '$26.4 million cash flow', 'exchange rate changes', '2021 Research Tax Credit', '$(58.2) million cash utilization', 'recent business updates', 'Nestlé Health Science', 'clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company', 'Net cash flows', 'Total operating expenses', 'peanut allergy', 'prompt study', 'S afety', 'Financial Highlights', 'additional updates', 'exchange rates', 'operating activities', 'Operating Income', 'cash balance', 'Drug Administration', 'E fficacy', 'key elements', 'first patient', 'internal preparations', 'site assessment', 'start-up activities', 'conference call', 'epicutaneous immunotherapy', 'Cash Equivalents', 'investing activities', 'financing activities', 'ATM Offering', 'transaction costs', 'PIPE Offering', 'continued implementation', 'collaboration agreement', 'existing contract', 'nine months', 'three months', 'net increase', 'peanut-allergic children', 'The Company', 'Phase 2', 'Montrouge', 'France', 'November', 'Q3', 'FDA', 'Euronext', 'ISIN', 'DBVT', 'Board', 'Directors', 'feedback', 'ages', '7 years', 'progress', 'year-end', 'parallel', 'impact', 'milestones', 'announcement', 'efficacy', 'safety', 'Story', 'thousands', 'decrease', 'period', 'September', 'December', 'May', 'June', 'reimbursement', 'CIR', 'effect', 'revenue', 'variation', 'revision', 'measurement', 'development', 'Sales', 'marketing', 'administrative', '2019']",2022-11-03,2022-11-03,finance.yahoo.com
12609,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2022/11/03/2547200/0/en/Elis-Share-capital-increase-reserved-for-employees-Elis-for-All-2022.html,Elis: Share capital increase reserved for employees “Elis for All 2022”,Share capital increase reserved for employees “Elis for All 2022”  Saint-Cloud  3 November 2022  The subscription period for the share capital increase......,English FrenchShare capital increase reserved for employees “Elis for All 2022”Saint-Cloud  3 November 2022The subscription period for the share capital increase reserved for Elis employees ended on 5 October 2022. 3.56% of employees in 17 countries chose to participate  either directly or via the Elis Group employee shareholding fund  in this operation  the third of its kind in the Group's history  for a total subscription of nearly 4.9 million euros.Implemented by the Elis Supervisory Board on July 27  2022 and the Management Board on July 28  2022  on the basis of a delegation of authority from the General Meeting of May 19  2022  the share capital increase allowed the Group's employees to invest in Elis shares at a unit price of 8.97 euros  corresponding to the average opening price of the share from August 19 to September 15  2022  discounted by 30%  and benefiting from a matching contribution from Elis equal to one share offered for 10 shares subscribed.The subscriptions received resulted in the issue  on 3 November 2022  of 583 130 new shares (including bonus shares) with a par value of 1 euro  representing 0.25% of the capital  i.e. total issue proceeds (including premium) of 4 940 810.55 euros. The new shares bear rights from the date of their issue and are fully assimilated to the existing shares.The new shares were admitted to trading on the Euronext Paris regulated market (ISIN code FR0012435121) on the same day.ContactNicolas Buron - Investor Relations Director - Phone: +33 1 75 49 98 30 - nicolas.buron@elis.comAttachment,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.0,True,English,"['Share capital increase', 'Elis', 'employees', 'Elis Group employee shareholding fund', 'Investor Relations Director', 'average opening price', 'Share capital increase', 'Elis Supervisory Board', 'total issue proceeds', 'total subscription', 'Management Board', 'unit price', 'one share', 'English French', 'subscription period', 'General Meeting', 'Elis shares', 'matching contribution', 'par value', 'Euronext Paris', 'ISIN code', 'same day', '583,130 new shares', 'bonus shares', 'existing shares', 'Elis employees', '4.9 million euros', 'Nicolas Buron', '10 shares', '8.97 euros', '4,940,810.55 euros', 'Saint-Cloud', '3 November', '5 October', '17 countries', 'operation', 'kind', 'history', 'July', 'basis', 'delegation', 'authority', 'May', 'August', 'September', 'subscriptions', '1 euro', 'premium', 'rights', 'date', 'market', 'Contact', 'Phone', 'Attachment', '33 1']",2022-11-03,2022-11-03,globenewswire.com
12610,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2022/11/03/2547224/0/en/Global-Bioenergies-awarded-for-its-innovative-ingredient-Isonaturane-12-at-the-In-Cosmetics-Asia-trade-show.html,Global Bioenergies awarded for its innovative ingredient Isonaturane® 12 at the In-Cosmetics™ Asia trade show,Global Bioenergies awarded for its innovative ingredient Isonaturane® 12 at the In-Cosmetics™ Asia trade show  Bangkok  Thailand  3 November...,French EnglishGlobal Bioenergies awarded for its innovative ingredient Isonaturane® 12 at the In-Cosmetics™ Asia trade showBangkok  Thailand  3 November 2022 - Isonaturane® 12  the world’s first biosourced isododecane created and marketed by Global Bioenergies  yesterday received the SILVER Award at the prestigious In-Cosmetics™ Asia trade show.In-Cosmetics™ Asia is the Asian edition of the world’s largest cosmetic ingredients trade show  welcoming exhibitors and visitors from over 70 countries and showcasing the sector’s latest innovations at the very centre of the region.During this event  an international jury of independent experts from the cosmetics industry recognises the leading innovations in the field of cosmetic ingredients. Global Bioenergies was today honoured with the SILVER Award for its Isonaturane® 12  the world’s first 100% naturally sourced isododecane  paving the way for naturalness in longwear make-up. Isododecane is also used in very large volumes in the skincare  haircare and toiletries segments.Daphne Galvez  Commercial Director  said: “This award recognises Global Bioenergies’ major innovation in the field of cosmetic ingredients and increases its visibility in a new key region. Our innovation generates incoming calls from prospects located in all regions of the world; it shows the universal appetite for naturalness in cosmetics.”About GLOBAL BIOENERGIESGlobal Bioenergies converts plant-derived resources into compounds used in the cosmetics industry  as well as the energy and materials sectors. After launching the first long-lasting and natural make-up brand LAST® in 2021  Global Bioenergies is now marketing Isonaturane® 12  its key ingredient  to major cosmetics companies to improve the naturalness of their formulas whilst improving their carbon footprint. In the long run  Global Bioenergies is also aiming at cutting CO 2 emissions in the aviation and road sector and thereby curb global warming. Global Bioenergies is listed on Euronext Growth Paris FR0011052257 - ALGBE).Receive information about Global Bioenergies directly by subscribing to our news feed on www.global-bioenergies.comFollow us on LinkedIn: Global BioenergiesContactsGLOBAL BIOENERGIESinvest@global-bioenergies.comPRESS RELATIONSIva Baytchevaibaytcheva@ulysse-communication.comNicolas Danielsndaniels@ulysse-communication.comAttachment,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,positive,0.51,0.48,0.0,True,English,"['In-Cosmetics™ Asia trade show', 'Global Bioenergies', 'innovative ingredient', 'Isonaturane®', 'largest cosmetic ingredients trade show', 'In-Cosmetics™ Asia trade show', 'Global Bioenergies’ major innovation', 'Euronext Growth Paris', 'major cosmetics companies', 'natural make-up brand', 'new key region', 'first biosourced isododecane', 'longwear make-up', 'first long-lasting', 'key ingredient', 'cosmetics industry', 'global warming', 'French English', 'innovative ingredient', 'Asian edition', 'latest innovations', 'international jury', 'independent experts', 'leading innovations', 'large volumes', 'toiletries segments', 'Daphne Galvez', 'Commercial Director', 'incoming calls', 'universal appetite', 'plant-derived resources', 'materials sectors', 'carbon footprint', 'long run', 'news feed', 'PRESS RELATIONS', 'Iva Baytcheva', 'Nicolas Daniels', 'road sector', 'Isonaturane®', 'Bangkok', 'Thailand', 'world', 'Award', 'prestigious', 'exhibitors', 'visitors', '70 countries', 'centre', 'event', 'field', '100% naturally', 'way', 'naturalness', 'skincare', 'haircare', 'visibility', 'prospects', 'regions', 'compounds', 'energy', 'LAST®', 'formulas', '2 emissions', 'aviation', 'ALGBE', 'information', 'LinkedIn', 'Contacts', 'communication', 'ndaniels', 'Attachment']",2022-11-03,2022-11-03,globenewswire.com
12611,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2022/11/03/2547275/0/en/Marel-Q3-2022-Investor-Meeting-Presentation.html,Marel: Q3 2022 Investor Meeting Presentation,Marel hf. published its Q3 2022 Condensed Consolidated Financial Interim Statements after market closing on 2 November 2022.  Please find attached the...,English IcelandicMarel hf. published its Q3 2022 Condensed Consolidated Financial Interim Statements after market closing on 2 November 2022.Please find attached the Q3 2022 investor presentation for today’s investor meeting at 8:30 am GMT (9:30 am CET)  where senior management will give an overview of the financial results and operational highlights in the third quarter.The meeting is webcast live on marel.com/webcast and a recording is available after the meeting on marel.com/ir.Members of the investment community can also join the conference call by dialing:IS: +354 800 7437 (PIN 84639778#)NL: +31 20 721 9495UK: +44 33 3300 9035US: +1 646 722 4956Investor relationsFor further information  please contact Marel Investor Relations via email ir@marel.com or tel. +354 563 8001.About MarelMarel (NASDAQ: MAREL; AEX: MAREL) is a leading global provider of advanced food processing equipment  systems  software  and services to the poultry  meat and fish industries. In line with its 2017- 2026 growth strategy  Marel has gradually expanded its business model into adjacent industries  where most recently the acquisition of Wenger has added a fourth pillar focused on pet food  plant-based protein and aqua feed. Our united team of over 7 000 employees in over 6 continents delivered EUR 1.4 billion in revenues in 2021. Annually  Marel invests around 6% of revenues in innovation. By continuously transforming food processing  we enable our customers to increase yield and throughput  ensure food safety and improve sustainability in food production. Marel was listed on NASDAQ Iceland in 1992 and dual-listed on Euronext Amsterdam in June 2019. For further information  please visit marel.com/ir.Attachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,True,English,"['Q3 2022 Investor Meeting Presentation', 'Marel', 'Q3 2022 Condensed Consolidated Financial Interim Statements', 'advanced food processing equipment', 'Q3 2022 investor presentation', 'leading global provider', '2017- 2026 growth strategy', 'Marel Investor Relations', 'financial results', 'pet food', 'food safety', 'food production', 'English Icelandic', 'senior management', 'operational highlights', 'third quarter', 'investment community', 'conference call', 'fish industries', 'business model', 'adjacent industries', 'fourth pillar', 'plant-based protein', 'aqua feed', 'united team', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'investor meeting', 'NASDAQ Iceland', 'Marel hf.', 'market', '2 November', 'today', 'GMT', 'overview', 'recording', 'Members', 'PIN', 'UK', 'information', 'email', 'tel', 'AEX', 'systems', 'software', 'services', 'poultry', 'meat', 'line', 'acquisition', 'Wenger', '7,000 employees', '6 continents', 'revenues', 'innovation', 'customers', 'yield', 'throughput', 'sustainability', 'June', 'Attachment', '8:30']",2022-11-03,2022-11-03,globenewswire.com
12612,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2022/11/03/2548100/0/en/Success-of-the-first-Believe-employee-shareholding-plan-b-shares-2022.html,Success of the first Believe employee shareholding plan b.shares 2022,Success of the first Believe employee shareholding plan b.shares 2022  Paris  November 3  2022 – Believe has successfully completed its first employee......,"English FrenchSuccess of the first Believe employee shareholding planb.shares 2022Paris  November 3  2022 – Believe has successfully completed its first employee shareholding plan. This offer  carried out in 6 countries from September 16 to October 6  2022  has enabled 40% of eligible employees to become shareholders of the Company.With a subscription rate of 40%  including nearly 60% in France  the 2022 b.shares plan is an illustration of the strong commitment of our employees in the future development of Believe  and a key step in the journey to our corporate project "" Shaping Music for Good "" driven by our four driving forces: respect  expertise  fairness and transparency towards all of our stakeholders.507 employees  including 336 in France  participated in the offer at a unit subscription price of €6.90. The total investment (made of employee investments and Believe matching contributions) amounts to €2.3 million.From this first year  31% of Believe employees have become shareholders holding 0.35% directly or through the employee mutual fund (FCPE Believe shares) of the capital of the Company  i.e. a total of 337 457 shares.As of November 3  2022  the number of Believe outstanding shares amounted to 96 575 623 shares.About BelieveBelieve is one of the world's leading digital music companies. Believe's mission is to support artists and labels by offering them digital solutions adapted to their evolving needs at each stage of their development. Believe relies on its technological platform  on the unique digital expertise of its employees to advise its artists and labels  distribute and promote their music. Its 1 610 @employees present in more than 50 countries support them with unique digital expertise  respect  fairness and transparency. Believe offers its various solutions through a portfolio of brands including  among others  TuneCore  Nuclear Blast  Naïve  Groove Attack and AllPoints. Believe is listed on compartment A of the regulated market of Euronext Paris (Ticker: BLV  ISIN: FR0014003FE9).www.believe.comBelieve contactsInvestor relationsEmilie MEGELinvestors@believe.comTel. : +33 1 53093391Port. : + 33 6 07099860 Press relationsManon JESSUAmanon.jessua@believe.comAttachment",positive,0.76,0.23,0.0,positive,0.77,0.22,0.0,True,English,"['first Believe employee shareholding plan', 'Success', 'shares', 'first Believe employee shareholding plan', 'first employee shareholding plan', 'leading digital music companies', 'employee mutual fund', 'four driving forces', '2022 b.shares plan', 'unit subscription price', 'unique digital expertise', 'Believe matching contributions', 'FCPE Believe shares', 'Believe outstanding shares', 'first year', 'employee investments', 'digital solutions', 'subscription rate', 'English French', 'strong commitment', 'key step', 'corporate project', 'evolving needs', 'technological platform', 'various solutions', 'Nuclear Blast', 'Naïve', 'Groove Attack', 'regulated market', 'Investor relations', 'Emilie MEGEL', 'Press relations', 'future development', 'total investment', 'Euronext Paris', 'eligible employees', 'Believe employees', 'Manon JESSUA', '337,457 shares', '96,575,623 shares', '507 employees', '1,610 @employees', 'Success', 'offer', '6 countries', 'September', 'October', 'shareholders', 'Company', 'France', 'illustration', 'journey', 'Shaping', 'Good', 'respect', 'fairness', 'transparency', 'stakeholders', 'capital', 'November', 'number', 'world', 'mission', 'artists', 'labels', 'stage', '50 countries', 'portfolio', 'brands', 'others', 'TuneCore', 'AllPoints', 'compartment', 'Ticker', 'BLV', 'ISIN', 'contacts', 'Tel.', 'Attachment']",2022-11-03,2022-11-03,globenewswire.com
12613,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2022/11/03/2548092/0/en/Fnac-Darty-Information-on-the-total-number-of-voting-rights-and-shares-October-2022.html,Fnac Darty: Information on the total number of voting rights and shares - October 2022,Ivry  November 3rd  2022    Regulated information     INFORMATION ON THE TOTAL NUMBER OF VOTING RIGHTS AND SHARES      Statement in compliance with...,English FrenchIvry  November 3rd  2022Regulated informationINFORMATION ON THE TOTAL NUMBER OF VOTING RIGHTS AND SHARESStatement in compliance with article L. 233-8 II of the French commercial code and article 223- 16 of the General Regulation of the French Financial Markets Authority (AMF – Autorité des marchés financiers)Stock Market Euronext ParisISIN Code: FR0011476928DateTotal number of shares composing the share capital of the company Total number of gross voting rightsTotal number of net voting rights (*) 10/31/2022 26 871 853 26 871 853 26 720 503(*) Net = After deduction of the shares deprived of voting rightIn accordance with Article 9 of the Company's Articles of Association  any physical or legal person  acting alone or in concert  who comes to hold  or ceases to hold  directly or indirectly  a percentage of the company's capital or voting rights equal to or greater than 3% or any multiple of 1% above 3%  is required to inform the company by registered letter with return receipt requested within the time limit provided for in Article R. 233-1 of the French Commercial Code (i.e.  as of today  at the latest before the close of trading on the fourth trading day following the day on which the shareholding threshold is crossed).Under the terms of the twentieth resolution of the General Meeting of 29 May 2015  it was decided not to grant any double voting rights as instituted by law 2014-384 of 29 March 2014.CONTACTANALYSTS /INVESTORS Stéphanie Laval stephanie.laval@fnacdarty.comAttachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.26,0.73,True,English,"['Fnac Darty', 'total number', 'voting rights', 'Information', 'shares', 'October', 'Stock Market Euronext Paris', 'Stéphanie Laval stephanie', 'French Financial Markets Authority', 'des marchés financiers', 'French commercial code', 'gross voting rights', 'double voting rights', 'net voting rights', 'fourth trading day', 'English French', 'ISIN Code', 'TOTAL NUMBER', 'General Regulation', 'legal person', 'return receipt', 'time limit', 'shareholding threshold', 'twentieth resolution', 'General Meeting', 'Regulated information', 'article L.', 'share capital', 'Article R.', '29 March', 'Ivry', 'November', 'THE', 'SHARES', 'Statement', 'compliance', 'AMF', 'Date', 'company', 'deduction', 'accordance', 'Articles', 'Association', 'physical', 'concert', 'percentage', 'letter', 'today', 'close', 'terms', '29 May', 'law', 'CONTACT', 'ANALYSTS', 'INVESTORS', 'Attachment']",2022-11-03,2022-11-03,globenewswire.com
12614,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2022/11/03/2548126/0/en/Guerbet-Guerbet-announces-a-change-in-governance-for-its-Artificial-Intelligence-projects.html,Guerbet: Guerbet announces a change in governance for its Artificial Intelligence projects,Guerbet announces a change in governance for its Artificial Intelligence projects  Villepinte  November 3rd  2022: Guerbet today announced an agreement......,French EnglishGuerbet announces a change in governance for its Artificial Intelligence projectsVillepinte  November 3rd  2022: Guerbet today announced an agreement with Merative  formalizing the termination of their collaboration signed in July 2018.Guerbet today announced an agreement with Merative formalizing the termination of their collaboration initiated in July 2018. This partnership aimed to design  develop and market software solutions to help diagnose and monitor liver and prostate cancers. The termination follows Merative's strategic shift in how it delivers artificial intelligence within its imaging product portfolio.The new Asset Assignment and License Agreement grants Guerbet the ability and autonomy to pursue research and development  and plan for the market launch of Artificial Intelligence solutions. Assets developed during the partnership  including source code for application software  Artificial Intelligence algorithms and the associated intellectual property  are being transferred to Guerbet.The market potential remains unchanged and significant  and this Asset Assignment and License Agreement will transfer control over the remaining development work to Guerbet. Promising initial results have been obtained in 2022  particularly for the detection of liver lesions (presentation scheduled for the RSNA 2022 conference) and for the detection of prostate cancer (work presented at the ECR 2022 conference). The high quality of the work presented by Guerbet’s Artificial Intelligence research team also impressed the jury of the BPI France 2030 program  which has awarded the company €1 million in funding for its project aimed at early detection of pancreatic cancer  as recently announced.Numerous stakeholders have communicated their interest to the Group’s management in recent months  attesting to the business’ strong potential. Constructive discussions are currently also underway to set up new partnerships in order to accelerate the business roadmap and to facilitate the emergence of a national champion in the area of artificial intelligence for medical imaging.About GuerbetAt Guerbet  we build lasting relationships so that we enable people to live better. That is our purpose. We are a global leader in medical imaging  offering a comprehensive range of pharmaceutical products  medical devices  and digital and AI solutions for diagnostic and interventional imaging. As pioneers in contrast products for 95 years  with more than 2 600 employees worldwide  we continuously innovate and devote 8%-10% of our revenue to research and development in five centers in France  Israel  and the United States. Guerbet (GBT) is listed on Euronext Paris (segment B – mid caps) and generated €732 million in revenue in 2021. For more information  please visit www.guerbet.comContactGuerbetClaire Lauvernier  Directrice de la Communication +33.6.79.52.11.88 / claire.lauvernier@guerbet.01 45 91 50 00Attachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.61,0.34,0.05,True,English,"['Artificial Intelligence projects', 'Guerbet', 'change', 'governance', 'Artificial Intelligence projects Villepinte', 'Artificial Intelligence research team', 'Artificial Intelligence algorithms', 'Artificial Intelligence solutions', 'imaging product portfolio', 'BPI France 2030 program', 'new Asset Assignment', 'business’ strong potential', 'remaining development work', 'new partnerships', 'business roadmap', 'software solutions', 'AI solutions', 'medical imaging', 'interventional imaging', 'French English', 'prostate cancers', 'strategic shift', 'source code', 'application software', 'intellectual property', 'initial results', 'RSNA 2022 conference', 'ECR 2022 conference', 'high quality', 'pancreatic cancer', 'Numerous stakeholders', 'recent months', 'Constructive discussions', 'national champion', 'lasting relationships', 'global leader', 'comprehensive range', 'pharmaceutical products', 'medical devices', 'contrast products', 'five centers', 'United States', 'Euronext Paris', 'segment B', 'mid caps', 'License Agreement', 'liver lesions', 'Claire Lauvernier', 'market launch', 'early detection', 'Guerbet', 'change', 'governance', 'Merative', 'termination', 'collaboration', 'July', 'ability', 'autonomy', 'Assets', 'control', 'Promising', 'presentation', 'jury', 'company', 'funding', 'interest', 'Group', 'management', 'order', 'emergence', 'area', 'people', 'purpose', 'digital', 'diagnostic', 'pioneers', '95 years', '2,600 employees', 'revenue', 'Israel', 'GBT', 'information', 'Contact', 'Directrice', 'Communication', 'Attachment']",2022-11-03,2022-11-03,globenewswire.com
12615,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/pharming-to-present-at-jefferies-healthcare-conference-301667120.html,Pharming to present at Jefferies Healthcare Conference,"LEIDEN  Netherlands  Nov. 3  2022 /PRNewswire/ -- Pharming Group N.V. (""Pharming"") (Euronext Amsterdam: PHARM) (Nasdaq: PHAR) announces that its Chief Executive Officer  Sijmen de Vries  will present at the Jefferies Healthcare Conference in London  November …","LEIDEN  Netherlands  Nov. 3  2022 /PRNewswire/ -- Pharming Group N.V. (""Pharming"") (Euronext Amsterdam: PHARM) (Nasdaq: PHAR) announces that its Chief Executive Officer  Sijmen de Vries  will present at the Jefferies Healthcare Conference in London  November 15-17  2022.Pharming Group N.V.'s CEO will present on Tuesday  November 15 at 09:45 GMT / 10:45 CET.For more information about the conference  or to schedule a one-to-one with Pharming's management team  please contact your Jefferies representative  or send an email to Pharming's Investor Relations team to [email protected].About Pharming Group N.V.Pharming Group N.V. (EURONEXT Amsterdam: PHARM/Nasdaq: PHAR) is a global biopharmaceutical company dedicated to transforming the lives of patients with rare  debilitating  and life-threatening diseases. Pharming is commercializing and developing an innovative portfolio of protein replacement therapies and precision medicines  including small molecules  biologics  and gene therapies that are in early to late-stage development. Pharming is headquartered in Leiden  Netherlands  and has employees around the globe who serve patients in over 30 markets in North America  Europe  the Middle East  Africa  and Asia-Pacific. For more information  visit www.pharming.com or follow us on LinkedIn.For further public information  contact:Pharming Group  Leiden  The NetherlandsHeather Robertson  Investor Relations & Corporate Communications ManagerT: +31 71 5247 400E: [email protected]FTI Consulting  London  UKVictoria Foster Mitchell/Alex ShawT: +44 203 727 1000FTI Consulting  USAJim PolsonT: +1 (312) 553-6730LifeSpring Life Sciences Communication  Amsterdam  The NetherlandsLeon MelensT: +31 6 53 81 64 27E: [email protected]Logo - https://mma.prnewswire.com/media/1778344/Pharming_Group_NV_Logo.jpgSOURCE Pharming Group N.V.",neutral,0.09,0.91,0.0,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['Jefferies Healthcare Conference', 'Pharming', 'SOURCE Pharming Group N.V.', 'LifeSpring Life Sciences Communication', 'Corporate Communications Manager T', 'Jim Polson T', 'Leon Melens T', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'Sijmen de Vries', 'global biopharmaceutical company', 'Victoria Foster Mitchell', 'protein replacement therapies', 'Jefferies Healthcare Conference', 'Investor Relations team', 'management team', 'Jefferies representative', 'gene therapies', 'life-threatening diseases', 'innovative portfolio', 'precision medicines', 'small molecules', 'early to', 'late-stage development', 'North America', 'Middle East', 'Heather Robertson', 'FTI Consulting', 'Alex Shaw', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'The Netherlands', 'public information', 'LEIDEN', 'PRNewswire', 'Nasdaq', 'London', 'CEO', 'Tuesday', 'November', '09:45 GMT', 'email', 'lives', 'patients', 'biologics', 'employees', 'globe', '30 markets', 'Europe', 'Africa', 'Asia-Pacific', 'LinkedIn', 'UK', 'USA', 'Logo', '10:45']",2022-11-03,2022-11-03,prnewswire.com
12616,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/vgp-trading-solid-growth-record-060000342.html,VGP Trading Update: Solid Growth  Record Deliveries and Occupancy Rate Boost Recurring Rental Income,3 November 2022  7:00 am  Antwerp  Belgium: VGP NV (‘VGP’ or ‘the Group’) today published its trading update for the first ten months of 2022  in which...,VGP NV3 November 2022  7:00 am  Antwerp  Belgium: VGP NV (‘VGP’ or ‘the Group’) today published its trading update for the first ten months of 2022  in which  against a background of volatile macro-economic and geopolitical uncertainties VGP recorded a robust operating performance:€53.1 million of new and renewed leases signed year-to-date (of which €21.3 million during the past 4 months) bringing the annualised committed leases for the year to date to € 291.0 million 1 (+ €34.9 million compared to 31 December 2021) (+13.6% YTD and +21.0% y-o-y)Property portfolio 2 virtually fully let with occupancy at 99.6% as of 31 October 2022 (compared to 99.4 % as at 31 December 2021)Based on the current inflation  we expect our already income generating rent roll to grow by 7% ( € 17 million ² ) through indexation alone in 202337 projects under construction representing 1 253 000 m² (of which 16 projects totalling 346 000 m² started up during the year) and € 82.8 million in additional annual rent once fully built and let. These buildings under construction are 93.7% pre-let28 projects delivered during the year representing 576 000 m²  or € 31 million in additional annual rent (of which 11 projects totalling 240 000 m² delivered during the 2H 2022) and a further 460 000 m² estimated for delivery in the remainder of 2022P hotovoltaic capacity grew exponentially y-o-y to 120.9MWp operational or under construction and with a further 67.9MWp being planned. Once built  the significant photovoltaic roll-out – which is already generating €3.7 million revenues YTD – will match our 2021 tenant electricity consumption. This contributed to the three star GRESB developer rating and elevated the portfolio compliance on the Paris-aligned 1.5 - degree decar bonisation pathway until the year 2045 which moves us significantly closer to a 1.5-degree ready portfolio under CRREMContinuing strong relationship with Allianz Real Estate evidenced by:(i) Second closing of VGP Park München joint venture with Allianz Real Estate on track for December 2022 with proceeds of circa €70 million to be expected;(ii) Including the upcoming closing for VGP Park München the total JV closing in 2022 will amount to an annual record of more than €800 million;(iii) Additional closing expected in Q1 2023 with the First Joint Venture for a total GAV of more than € 100 million. The transaction is currently under due diligence;(iv) Profit distribution from the joint ventures gaining momentum with profit distribution year to date totalling €28.2 million with a further ca. €30 million profit distribution to be received during November 20221 925 000 m² of new development land acquired during the year (of which 378 000 m² during 2H 2022) and 696 000 m² of development land deployed during the year to support the new developments started up during the year. Total secured development land bank stand at 10 683 000 m² at the end of October 2022 representing a development potential of circa 5 million m²VGP’s Chief Executive Officer  Jan Van Geet: “VGP is having a very solid year in terms of growth and cash generation and an absolute record year in terms of completions of long-let projects to our clients: now these rents turn effective this generates a significant boost in our recurring revenue.”Jan Van Geet added: “These record deliveries have made evident once again that VGP's DNA is of course closely linked to the constant development of new projects. As we look forward  we see a significant need for high quality new developments  driven by many factors  as the world of tomorrow is one of sustainability and efficiency driven by smart technologies and artificial intelligence. I believe that we have only seen a fraction of the efficiency potential yet  more innovations to optimise energy and operational efficiency are inevitably going to transform our industry in the years ahead of us. I do believe that our team is well set-up to deliver those highly complex  tailor-made  and sustainable solutions to the highest quality matching future customer needs  and above all that it is set-up to do that in all the countries we are active in in a consistent way. This is critical as our long-term development activities will always be driven by our ability to meet such client demand and our profitability looking forward.”Jan Van Geet concluded: “It is equally important to point out to the fact that  as an economy does not develop in a linear way we have  besides the developer gains  always built different sources of recurring income – besides rental income and income from our renewable energy sources also facility and property management fees and asset management fees. These recurrent income streams  boosted by the record delivery of buildings over the past years are now becoming a substantial part of our income and give us ample room to pay out dividends in the future and strengthen substantially VGP’s balance sheet on a standalone basis. Indeed  we have always deliberately chosen to keep recurring income from our assets partly on our balance sheet ourselves  partly through JVs we manage. Furthermore as a result  combined with the existing cash on balance sheet  undrawn RCFs and planned Munich joint venture closing we have enough means available to cover our commitments well beyond 2023.”OPERATING HIGHLIGHTS – 10M 2022Lease activities and resilienceSigned and renewed rental income of €53.1 million driven by 721 000 m 2 of new lease agreements signed (corresponding to €40.3 million of new annualised rental income 3 )  combined with 241 000 m 2 of lease agreements renewed (corresponding to €12.7 million of annualised rental income 4 ) and €3.7 million of indexation.Of the signed rent agreements in 2022 over half the committed rent comes from Logistics (53%) (of which 40% is general logistics  13% is non-food retail logistics and 1% is food-retail logistics)  followed by E-commerce (21%) and Light industrial (15%) (of which 4% is automotive related industry) and 10% is defined in another category.Germany was the main driver of the growth in committed leases with €17.4 million (40%) of new leases 5 signed during the year (of which € 5.8 million on behalf of the Joint Ventures 6 ). The other countries also performed very well: new leases being signed in Romania +€ 4.3 million (10%) (€0.3 million on behalf of JV portfolio)  Spain +€4.0 million (9%) (€2.6 million on behalf of JV portfolio)  Netherlands +€3.9 million (9%) (€3.4 million on behalf of the JV portfolio)  Slovakia +€3.6 million (9 %) (€0.9 million on behalf of JV portfolio)  Czech Republic +€ 3.4 million (8%) (€2.5 million on behalf of JV portfolio)  Hungary +€2.8 million (6%) (€0.1 million on behalf of JV portfolio)  Austria +€2.4 million (5%) (€0.1 million on behalf of JV portfolio)  Latvia +€0.7 million (2%) (own portfolio)  Italy +€1.0 million (2%) (€0.4 million on behalf of JV portfolio) and Portugal +€0.6 million (1%) (own portfolio).Terminations represented a total of €9.1 million or 170 000 m 2 (of which 118 000 m 2 within the Joint Ventures’ portfolio). VGP has been able to release premisses so far at overall higher rental prices. As an example  in Germany  VGP’s largest market  VGP was able to increase as such its average rental price per square meter by 15%.The total signed lease agreements increased to €291.0 million annualised committed rental income (equivalent to circa 5.0 million m 2 of lettable area) from €256.1 million as of 31 December 2021. A 13.6% increase year-to-date.The signed committed lease agreements of the own portfolio represent a total of 2 038 000 m² of lettable area (€116.5 million of annualised committed leases) with the weighted average term of the annualised committed leases standing at 9.8 years 7 as at the end of October 2022.The signed committed lease agreements of the Joint Ventures’ portfolio represent a total of 2 971 000 m² of lettable area (€174.5 million of annualised committed leases) with the weighted average term of the annualised committed leases standing at 7.3 years 8 as at the end of October 2022.The weighted average term of the annualised leases of the combined own and Joint Ventures’ portfolio stood at 8.3 years 9 at the end of October 2022 compared to 8.6 years at the end of December 2021.The Annualised Committed Leases are composed of €207.7 million lease agreements which have already become effective as of 31 October 2022 and €83.3 million signed lease agreements which will become effective in the future. The breakdown as to when the Annualised Committed Leases will become effective is as follows:In Million EUR Current <1 year 1-2 years 2-3 years >3 years Total Own 64.1 44.2 5.7 0.6 1.9 116.5 Joint Ventures at 100% 143.6 30.9 0.0 0.0 0.0 174.5 Total 207.7 75.1 5.7 0.6 1.9 291.0Virtually all lease agreements include indexation clauses  of which the majority are uncapped  making the property portfolio well protected against inflation. Most of the existing leases are indexed in the first months of the year with the year-to-date indexation totalling €3.7 million of rent equivalent. It is expected that this amount will rapidly ramp up when the current high inflation levels will be charged through to tenants during the first half of 2023.Based on the lease agreements becoming effective in 2023  for every 5% of inflation 4% will be passed on as indexation through increase of rent. Assuming a 10% inflation rate  rent would be increased by 7% during the same year (8% rent increase in respect of the own portfolio and 7% in respect of the Joint Ventures’ portfolio).Development activitiesDuring the second half of 2022  VGP completed another 11 buildings representing 240 000 m² of lettable area  i.e.: in the Czech Republic: one building of 29 500 m² in VGP Park Hradek nad Nisou  one building of 15 800 m² in VGP Park Kladno  and one building of 5 500 m² in VGP Park Chomutov; in Germany: one building of 67 200 m² in VGP Park Laatzen and one building of 20 400 m² in VGP Park Rostock; in Spain: one building of 29 600 m² in VGP Park Sevilla Dos Hermanas and two buildings totalling 34 800 m² in VGP Park Zaragoza; in the other countries  one building of 10 700 m² in VGP Park Budapest Aerozone (Hungary)  one building of 18 300 m² in VGP Park Bratislava (Slovakia)  and finally one building of 8 200 m² in VGP Park Graz 2 (Austria).This brings the total of delivered projects for the first ten months of 2022 to 28 projects  adding 576 000 m 2 of lettable area representing €31.6 million of annualized leases and which are 99.3% let.16 new projects have started up in the course of 2022 which represent 316 000 m 2 of future lettable area representing €23.3 million of annualised leases once fully built and let.A total of 39 projects under construction at the end of October 2022 which will add 1 253 000 m 2 of future lettable area representing €82.8 million of annualised leases once fully built and let (93.7% pre-let).Geographical split of parks under construction  based on square meters: 57% are located in Germany (17% attributable to VGP Park München and 40% to other projects in Germany)  11% in Romania  8% in Hungary  6% in the Netherlands  6% in Latvia  5% in the Czech Republic  2% in Spain  2% in Slovakia  2% in Portugal and 1% in Austria.VGP continues to focus on maintaining its development margins by reviewing any new and existing developments against their respective² targeted yield on costs10. Reflective of current market dynamics  the targeted average yield on costs are well above 7% for Western Europe  above 7.5% for Southern Europe and above 8% for Central and East Europe11.Land bankDuring the second half of 2022  VGP expanded its land bank further and as at 31 October 2022  the Group (including the Joint Ventures at 100%) has a remaining development land bank in full ownership of 8 164 000 m² (of which 1 307 000 m² held by the Joint Ventures) which allows the Group to develop ca. 3 680 000 m² of future lettable area (of which 622 000 m² on behalf of the Joint Ventures). In addition  the Group has another 2 519 000 m² of secured land plots which are expected to be purchased during the next 6 to 18 months  subject to obtaining the necessary permits.This brings the remaining total owned and committed land bank for development as at 31 October 2022 to 10 683 000 m²  which represents a remaining development potential of ca. 4 812 000 m² of which 706 000 m² (15%) in Germany  733 000 m² (15%) in Romania  639 000 m² (13%) in the Netherlands  464 000 m² (10%) in the Slovak Republic  487 000 m² (10%) in Serbia  422 000 m² (9%) in Spain  323 000 m² (6%) in Hungary  316 000 m² (7%) in Italy  263 000 m² (5%) in the Czech Republic  138 000 m² (3%) in Austria  149 000 m² (3%) in France  120 000 m² (2%) in Portugal  38 000 m² (1%) in Croatia and the remaining balance of 14 000 m² in Latvia.From an asset value perspective  the land bank is predominantly Western European-based but on the bases of square meters the land bank is well spread across the countries in which we operate.Due to the overall market circumstances  we do anticipate more  predominantly brownfield  opportunities to become available in the coming 12 months – we remain vigilant and are prepared for such opportunities to be seized at the right time.ESG initiatives and sustainable energy89 roof-solar installations with a total capacity of 120.9 MWp – of which own operational photovoltaic capacity doubled y-o-y to 40.4MWp  15.1MWp third-party operated and 65.4MWp of own installations are currently under construction. This is being realised through a € 40.7 million investment to date (and a further €28.8 million committed). In addition  the identified pipeline equates to an additional power generation capacity of 67.9 MWp.The potential current annual energy production  including PV projects under construction and in the pipeline is estimated at 168 318 MWh per year  which is equal to the total electricity consumption of all our tenants in VGP buildings in 2021.The GRESB score for the Group has made significant progress in 2022; the development portfolio received one additional star to three green stars.VGP performed its second CRREM study (Carbon Risk Real Estate Monitor) in 2022. The analysis was done on the entire portfolio (based on GRESB submission; as of December 2021; including JVs at 100%). The results are encouraging as the portfolio remains compliant on a 1.5°C decarbonization pathway until 2037 which is a 10-year improvement versus last year’s results. Taking also into account the expected annual energy production of current photovoltaic systems in the pipeline the portfolio compliance will be extended until 2045 and over 40% still compliant in 2050.The first certificate for EU Taxonomy compliance was received for a standing asset and going forward VGP aims for all new developments to achieve an EPC A energy label  EU taxonomy compliance  a BREEAM Excellent or DGNB Gold certificate and will no longer use gas heating where this is feasible.The Group’s earlier announced carbon reduction roadmap targets across scope 1-3 are set taking the science-based target constraints into account (see Corporate Responsibility Report 2021 for further details)  the Group has now engaged on a formal SBTi validation path  feedback is anticipated in 2023.Allianz Real Estate and developments with regards to Joint VenturesSecond closing of VGP Park München joint venture with Allianz Real Estate on track for December 2022 with proceeds of ca. €70 million to be excepted. Additional equity recycling expected during the first half of 2023 through the partial refinancing by already secured bank debt.Including the upcoming closing for VGP Park München  VGP and Allianz Real Estate will have completed 4 Joint Venture closings in 2022 resulting in a transfer of a record more than €800 million in gross asset value.Next closing expected in Q1 2023 with the First Joint Venture for a total gross asset value of more than €100 million. The transaction is currently under due diligence.Profit distribution from joint ventures is gaining momentum with profit distribution year to date totalling €28.2 million with a further ca. €30 million profit distribution to be received during November 2022.OutlookNotwithstanding assets being transferred to the joint ventures  the recurring cash generating part of VGP’s business is continuing to grow to a considerable size with total contracted annual rental and fee income on a proportional look-through basis due to rise substantially during the next 12 months. Thus will significantly increase the recurring cash generation of the Group.At the moment of publication of the FY2022 financial results  scheduled for release on 23 February 2023  VGP will further communicate on the dividend proposal. The expected dividend distribution will be reviewed in the light of the current dividend policy and taking the longer-term target of dividend coverage (by recurring net rental and fee income and dividend distributions received from the joint ventures minus recurring expenses) into consideration.Due to the overall market circumstances VGP anticipates more  predominantly brownfield  opportunities to become available during the next 12 months. VGP remains vigilant and is prepared for such opportunities to be seized at the right time and price.CONTACT DETAILS FOR INVESTORS AND MEDIA ENQUIRIESInvestor Relations Tel: +32 (0)3 289 1433investor.relations@vgpparks.eu Karen Huybrechts(Head of Marketing) Tel: +32 (0)3 289 1432Forward-looking statements: This press release may contain forward-looking statements. Such statements reflect the current views of management regarding future events  and involve known and unknown risks  uncertainties and other factors that may cause actual results to be materially different from any future results  performance or achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. VGP is providing the information in this press release as of this date and does not undertake any obligation to update any forward-looking statements contained in this press release considering new information  future events or otherwise. The information in this announcement does not constitute an offer to sell or an invitation to buy securities in VGP or an invitation or inducement to engage in any other investment activities. VGP disclaims any liability for statements made or published by third parties and does not undertake any obligation to correct inaccurate data  information  conclusions or opinions published by third parties in relation to this or any other press release issued by VGP.ABOUT VGPVGP is a pan-European developer  manager and owner of high-quality logistics and semi-industrial real estate. VGP operates a fully integrated business model with capabilities and longstanding expertise across the value chain. Founded in 1998 as a Belgian family-owned real estate developer in the Czech Republic  VGP with a staff of circa 380 FTEs today and operates in 19 European countries directly and through several 50:50 joint ventures. As of June 2022  the Gross Asset Value of VGP  including the joint ventures at 100%  amounted to € 6.53 billion and the company had a Net Asset Value (EPRA NTA) of € 2.34 billion. VGP is listed on Euronext Brussels. (ISIN: BE0003878957).For more information  please visit: http://www.vgpparks.eu1 Including Joint Ventures at 100%. As at 31 October 2022 the annualised committed leases of the Joint Ventures stood at €174.5 million (€151.1 million as at 31 December 2021).2 Including Joint Ventures at 100%.3 Of which 493 000 m² (€27.8 million) related to the own portfolio.4 Of which 200 000 m² (€10.5 million) related to the Joint Ventures’ portfolio.5 Including rent indexation effects.6 Joint Ventures means either and each of (i) the First Joint Venture i.e. VGP European Logistics S.à.r.l.  the 50:50 joint venture between VGP and Allianz and (ii) the Second Joint Venture i.e. VGP European Logistics 2 S.à.r.l.  the 50:50 joint venture between VGP and Allianz  and (iii) the Third Joint Venture i.e. VGP Park München GmbH  the 50:50 joint venture between VGP and Allianz  and (iv) the Fourth Joint Venture i.e. VGP European Logistics 3 S.à.r.l.  the 50:50 joint venture between VGP and Allianz and (v) LPM Joint Venture  i.e. LPM Holding B.V.  the 50:50 joint venture between VGP and Roozen Landgoederen Beheer.7 The weighted average term of the committed leases up to the first break stands at 9.5 years as at 31 October 2022.8 The weighted average term of the committed leases up to the first break stands at 6.9 years as at 31 October 2022.9 The weighted average term of the committed leases up to the first break stands at 8.0 years as at 31 October 2022.10 Yields on cost are calculated as annualised rent divided by total project cost (including land acquisition costs and project development costs).11 Western Europe includes Netherlands  Germany  France. Southern Europe includes Portugal  Spain  Italy Central Europe includes Czech Republic  Austria  Hungary. East Europe include Serbia  Romania  LatviaAttachment,neutral,0.04,0.96,0.0,positive,0.74,0.25,0.01,True,English,"['VGP Trading Update', 'Recurring Rental Income', 'Solid Growth', 'Record Deliveries', 'Occupancy Rate', 'Paris-aligned 1.5 - degree decar bonisation pathway', 'highest quality matching future customer needs', 'Total secured development land bank stand', 'three star GRESB developer rating', 'VGP Park München joint venture', 'high quality new developments', 'income generating rent roll', 'First Joint Venture', 'new development land', 'robust operating performance', 'P hotovoltaic capacity', '2021 tenant electricity consumption', 'Allianz Real Estate', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'Jan Van Geet', 'long-term development activities', 'asset management fees', 'total JV closing', 'additional annual rent', 'first ten months', 'property management fees', 'significant photovoltaic roll-out', '1.5-degree ready portfolio', 'recurrent income streams', '€30 million profit distribution', 'renewable energy sources', 'profit distribution year', 'absolute record year', 'total GAV', 'joint ventures', 'developer gains', 'development potential', 'constant development', 'annual record', 'Additional closing', 'Property portfolio', 'past 4 months', 'different sources', '€3.7 million revenues', 'portfolio compliance', 'significant boost', 'significant need', 'Second closing', 'upcoming closing', 'record deliveries', '5 million m²', 'recurring income', 'rental income', 'VGP NV', 'trading update', 'volatile macro-economic', 'geopolitical uncertainties', 'current inflation', 'strong relationship', 'due diligence', 'cash generation', 'recurring revenue', 'many factors', 'smart technologies', 'artificial intelligence', 'sustainable solutions', 'consistent way', 'client demand', 'linear way', 'substantial part', 'balance sheet', 'standalone basis', 'record delivery', 'new projects', 'efficiency potential', 'operational efficiency', 'solid year', 'past years', 'long-let projects', '1,253,000 m²', '6,000 m²', '576,000 m', '240,000 m²', '460,000 m²', '1,925,000 m²', '37 projects', '16 projects', '28 projects', '11 projects', 'November', 'Antwerp', 'Belgium', 'Group', 'background', 'leases', '31 December', 'occupancy', '31 October', 'indexation', 'construction', 'buildings', '2H 2022', 'remainder', '120.9MWp', '67.9MWp', 'YTD', 'CRREM', 'Continuing', 'track', 'proceeds', 'Q1', 'transaction', 'momentum', 'ca.', 'end', 'terms', 'growth', 'completions', 'clients', 'rents', 'DNA', 'course', 'world', 'tomorrow', 'sustainability', 'fraction', 'innovations', 'industry', 'team', 'countries', 'profitability', 'economy', 'facility', 'room', 'assets', '7:00', '99.', '378,000', '10', '683,000']",2022-11-03,2022-11-03,finance.yahoo.com
12617,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.finextra.com/pressarticle/94753/s-bank-integrates-worldline-fraud-management-suite,S-Bank integrates Worldline fraud management suite,Worldline [Euronext: WLN]  a global leader in payment services  has integrated its Fraud Management Suite into the issuing platform of Finnish bank S-Bank.,Source: WorldlineWorldline [Euronext: WLN]  a global leader in payment services  has integrated its Fraud Management Suite into the issuing platform of Finnish bank S-Bank.Supported by Worldline technology  S-Bank will deploy extensive real-time fraud detection for debit and credit cards whilst increasing the efficiency of its card fraud and risk management.Convenience and safetyWith counterfeit fraud and face-to-face interactions decreasing  online fraud now represents 94% of overall fraud and has pushed fraudsters towards those channels. Financial institutions need innovative solutions to detect and respond to fraud in real-time. S-Bank has recognized the benefit of using Worldline’s state-of-the-art fraud detection and reaction platform to detect and respond to fraudulent payments before they are even processed.Worldline Fraud Management Suite (FRAMS) covers all aspects of card fraud detection and prevention  incorporating artificial intelligence and rules modelling management  investigations  and fraud case handling. Three tools developed by Worldline and adapted to S-Bank processing have been implemented:• Worldline Pay Online Watcher: a real-time rules engine for front-office authorization declines.• Extended Watcher: providing artificial intelligence and big data analysis including clearing and confirmed fraud cases  as well as for sending card blocking instructions to the back-office.• Fraud Case Management tool: for case handling  investigations and call centre for cardholder interactions.Over 3 million customers in FinlandS-Bank is a Finnish bank which aims to offer banking services that make life easier. As part of the S Group  they cater to 3.1 million customers in Finland. S-Bank wants to reshape the banking industry by offering superior ease and benefits by working with the S Group in developing new services. By implementing the Fraud Management Suite  the bank is able to leverage the existing fraud protection expertise of Worldline and react to payments fraud in real time.Marketta Lundell  Head of Cards at S-Bank: “During the implementation process  we found common working methods and are pleased with the current co-operation with Worldline. We recognize that by implementing this Worldline FRAMS solution on top of our existing platform  we’re benefiting from the expertise and software that was developed in-house by Worldline  that is also used by financial institutions across the entire continent.”Michael Steinbach  Managing Director of Financial Services business at Worldline: “The successful integration of the Fraud Management Suite at S-Bank  a major player in the Finnish market  underlines our increasing footprint in the Nordic region. With our solution  S-Bank can scale up without hesitation  at any given time. We’re proud to welcome them as one of our partners in Finland  and this partnership demonstrates an amazing possibility for growth.”,negative,0.0,0.06,0.94,mixed,0.3,0.12,0.58,True,English,"['Worldline fraud management suite', 'S-Bank', 'Fraud Case Management tool', 'extensive real-time fraud detection', 'existing fraud protection expertise', 'Worldline Pay Online Watcher', 'Worldline Fraud Management Suite', 'big data analysis', 'common working methods', 'card blocking instructions', 'card fraud detection', 'fraud case handling', 'real-time rules engine', 'Financial Services business', 'Worldline FRAMS solution', 'online fraud', 'Finnish bank S-Bank', 'Extended Watcher', 'existing platform', 'risk management', 'counterfeit fraud', 'overall fraud', 'fraud cases', 'payments fraud', 'Financial institutions', 'Finnish market', 'payment services', 'banking services', 'new services', 'global leader', 'issuing platform', 'face interactions', 'innovative solutions', 'reaction platform', 'fraudulent payments', 'artificial intelligence', 'Three tools', 'front-office authorization', 'call centre', 'cardholder interactions', '3 million customers', 'S Group', '3.1 million customers', 'banking industry', 'superior ease', 'Marketta Lundell', 'implementation process', 'current co-operation', 'entire continent', 'Michael Steinbach', 'Managing Director', 'successful integration', 'major player', 'increasing footprint', 'Nordic region', 'amazing possibility', 'Worldline technology', 'credit cards', 'real time', 'S-Bank processing', 'Source', 'Euronext', 'WLN', 'debit', 'efficiency', 'Convenience', 'safety', 'fraudsters', 'channels', 'benefit', 'aspects', 'prevention', 'investigations', 'back-office', 'Finland', 'life', 'part', 'Head', 'top', 'software', 'house', 'hesitation', 'growth']",2022-11-03,2022-11-03,finextra.com
12618,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/stellantis-reports-strong-growth-q3-070000902.html,Stellantis Reports Strong Growth in Q3 2022 Net Revenues  Up 29%. Full-Year Guidance Confirmed,Stellantis Reports Strong Growth in Q3 2022 Net Revenues  Up 29% Full-Year Guidance Confirmed Net revenues reached €42.1 billion  up 29% compared to Q3 2021 ...,"STELLANTIS N.VStellantis Reports Strong Growth in Q3 2022 Net Revenues  Up 29%Full-Year Guidance ConfirmedNet revenues reached €42.1 billion  up 29% compared to Q3 2021  mainly reflecting higher volumes  c ontinued strong net pricing and favorable FX translation effectsConsolidated shipments (1) of 1 281k units  up 13% y-o-y  primarily due to improvement in semiconductor order fulfillment versus Q3 2021Total new vehicle inventory of 926k units at September 30  2022. Company inventory of 275k units  up 179k units from December 31  2021  primarily in Enlarged Europe due to logistics challengesGlobal BEV sales increased 41% versus Q3 2021""Buoyed by the enthusiastic response to our Dodge and Jeep EV Days over the summer  and our Q3 global BEV sales increasing 41% year-over-year  we are executing our Dare Forward 2030 electrification roadmap at a fast pace to meet the strong demand for electrified vehicles. We look forward to CES 2023 in January in Las Vegas  where the Ram 1500 Revolution BEV Concept will make its worldwide debut.""Richard Palmer  CFO All-New Jeep Avenger BEVRESULTS FROM CONTINUING OPERATIONSQ3 2022Q3 2021Q3 2022vs.Q3 2021YTD 2022 YTD 2021Pro Forma(2) YTD 2022vs.YTD 2021 Pro Forma(2) YTD 2021 Combined shipments (000 units) 1 334 1 176 +13% 4 367 4 450 (2)% 4 356 Consolidated shipments (000 units) 1 281 1 131 +13% 4 215 4 302 (2)% 4 210 Net revenues (€ billion) 42.1 32.6 +29% 130.1 107.9 +21% 105.2 FY 2022 GUIDANCE - CONFIRMEDAdjusted Operating Income Margin(3) Double-DigitIndustrial Free Cash Flows(4) Positive2022 INDUSTRY OUTLOOK (5)*North America -8%Enlarged Europe -12%Middle East & Africa StableSouth America StableIndia & Asia Pacific +5%China +5% (from Stable)*2022 Industry Outlook changed for China compared to outlook provided on July 28 '22____________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________Basis of preparation: All reported data is unaudited. “Q3 2022”  “Q3 2021”  “YTD 2022” and “YTD 2021” represent revenues as reportable under IFRS. YTD 2021 includes Legacy FCA from January 17  2021  following the closure of the Merger; “YTD 2021 Pro Forma” is presented as if the Merger had occurred January 1  2020 and include results of FCA for the period January 1 - 16  2021. Refer to the section ""Notes"" for additional detail. Reference should be made to the section “Safe Harbor Statement” included elsewhere within this document.AMSTERDAM  November 3  2022 - As global sales of Stellantis’ battery electric vehicles (BEVs) increased 41% y-o-y to 68k units  and sales of low emission vehicles rose 21k units y-o-y to 112k vehicles in Q3 2022  the Company continued to execute its bold electrification plans and progress towards achieving its Dare Forward 2030 strategic plan goals.Offering best-in-class fully electrified vehicles: Jeep ® brand announced its plan to become the global leader in SUV electrification  bringing four all-electric SUVs to North America and Europe by 2025  supporting Stellantis' carbon net zero ambition. The announcement came just weeks after Dodge took a giant step forward on the performance brand’s road to an electrified future  revealing the Dodge Charger Daytona SRT  a concept that reimagines what a BEV can be.Executing on its plan to become the global leader in SUV electrification  the Jeep brand unveiled the all-new Jeep Avenger  the brand’s first-ever BEV  at the 2022 Paris Motor Show  with pre-booking for the 1st Edition beginning the same day.To meet the growing demand for electrified vehicles  Stellantis announced a new agreement with joint venture partner Punch Powertrain to increase production of the future-generation electrified dual-clutch transmissions (eDCT) for Stellantis hybrid and plug-in hybrid electric vehicles. The eDCTs  which will be built at Stellantis’ Mirafiori Complex in Turin  Italy  will complement the existing capacity in Metz  France.Investing in a Circular Economy: The Mirafiori Complex will also be home to Stellantis' first Circular Economy Hub  starting with three activities for the sustainable use of vehicles and parts: vehicle reconditioning  vehicle dismantling  and parts remanufacturing. The Hub will open in 2023.Building the roadmap for the future of mobility: Stellantis revealed that it has built one of the biggest and widest collaborative ecosystems in the world  with more than 160 co-funded projects and over 1 000 different partners worldwide. The projects align with Stellantis’ strategic technical domains  which include autonomous driving  connectivity  manufacturing  electrification technologies and advanced propulsion.Segments (all market share and ranking references are for Q3 2022): North America: Market share of 10.8%  down 20 bps y-o-y  with U.S. share down 70 bps to 11.1%. Enlarged Europe: EU30 market share of 19.2%  down 90 bps y-o-y. South America: Market leader with 22.6% share  down 150 bps y-o-y. Commercial Vehicles market leader in South America and EU30  with 30.8% and 29.2% share  respectively.Maserati: The all-new Grecale  which launched in June 2022  continues to attract a whole new audience. In 2023  one of the brand's icons returns: the all-new GranTurismo with Nettuno engine and the GranTurismo Folgore  the first BEV in the brand’s history. Maserati will follow up with the all-new Grecale Folgore in mid-2023 and the all-new GranCabrio  available in internal combustion engine and Folgore models.Upcoming Event: January 5: Ram Revolution electrification and technology event at CES 2023 in Las VegasOn November 3  2022 at 1:00 p.m. CET / 8:00 a.m. EDT  a live audio webcast and conference call will be held to present Stellantis' Third Quarter 2022 Shipments and Revenues. The audio webcast and recorded replay will be accessible under the Investors section of the Stellantis corporate website at www.stellantis.com . The presentation material is expected to be posted under the Investors section of the Stellantis corporate website at approximately 8:00 a.m. CET / 3:00 a.m. EDT on November 3  2022.About StellantisStellantis N.V. (NYSE / MTA / Euronext Paris: STLA) is one of the world's leading automakers and a mobility provider. Its storied and iconic brands embody the passion of their visionary founders and today’s customers in their innovative products and services  including Abarth  Alfa Romeo  Chrysler  Citroën  Dodge  DS Automobiles  Fiat  Jeep ®   Lancia  Maserati  Opel  Peugeot  Ram  Vauxhall  Free2move and Leasys. Powered by our diversity  we lead the way the world moves – aspiring to become the greatest sustainable mobility tech company  not the biggest  while creating added value for all stakeholders as well as the communities in which it operates. For more information  visit www.stellantis.comContacts: communications@stellantis.com or investor.relations@stellantis.comSEGMENT PERFORMANCENORTH AMERICAQ3 2022 Q3 2021 vs.Q3 2021 Shipments up 12%  primarily due to higher volumes of Dodge Durango  Jeep Compass and Cherokee  all-new Wagoneer and Ram 1500  partially offset by lower Jeep Grand Cherokee volumes due to discontinuation of prior generation (WK) in Q1 2022Net revenues up 36%  primarily due to higher volumes  strong net pricing  favorable vehicle mix and positive FX translation effectsYTD 2022 YTD 2021 Pro Forma(2) Shipments (000s) 441 394 +47 1 400 1 267 Net revenues (€ million) 21 071 15 532 +5 539 63 514 47 979ENLARGED EUROPE Q3 2022 Q3 2021 vs.Q3 2021 Shipments up 14%  mainly due to higher volumes of Fiat 500 and Panda  Peugeot 208 and 308 and Citroën C3  as well as increased demand for BEVs  particularly Fiat New 500 and Opel Mokka-eNet revenues up 16%  mainly due to increased volumes  positive net pricing and favorable vehicle mix  primarily driven by new models and increased BEVsYTD 2022 YTD 2021 Pro Forma(2) Shipments (000s) 538 470 +68 1 900 2 134 Net revenues (€ million) 13 486 11 622 +1 864 44 805 43 662MIDDLE EAST & AFRICA Q3 2022 Q3 2021 vs.Q3 2021 Consolidated shipments up 6%  primarily due to increased volumes of Opel Mokka  Peugeot Rifter and Fiat Ducato  partially offset by lower volumes of Peugeot 3008  as well as Jeep Wrangler and Grand Cherokee due to logistics challengesNet revenues up 27%  primarily due to favorable net pricing  including pricing actions for Turkish lira devaluation  partially offset by negative FX translation effects  mainly from Turkish liraYTD 2022 YTD 2021 Pro Forma(2) Combined shipments (000s) 87 73 +14 286 273 Consolidated shipments (000s) 52 49 +3 190 187 Net revenues (€ million) 1 324 1 045 +279 4 363 3 592SOUTH AMERICA Q3 2022 Q3 2021 vs.Q3 2021 Shipments up 15%  with higher volumes of all-new Fiat Pulse  Jeep Commander and Citroën C3  as well as Fiat Strada  partially offset by reduced volumes of Fiat Toro and Jeep RenegadeNet revenues up 56%  mainly due to increased volumes  favorable net pricing and vehicle mix  as well as positive FX translation effects  primarily for Brazilian realYTD 2022 YTD 2021 Pro Forma(2) Shipments (000s) 213 185 +28 616 609 Net revenues (€ million) 3 965 2 546 +1 419 11 198 7 482CHINA AND INDIA & ASIA PACIFIC Q3 2022 Q3 2021 vs.Q3 2021 Consolidated shipments up 11%  due to recent launches of all-new Citroën C3 and Jeep Meridian  along with increased volumes of Peugeot 2008 and 3008 and Ram 1500  partially offset by lower Jeep Compass and Renegade volumesNet revenues up 20%  mainly due to higher volumes  improved net pricing  favorable vehicle and market mix  as well as positive FX translation effectsYTD 2022 YTD 2021 Pro Forma(2) Combined shipments (000s) 48 48 — 148 150 Consolidated shipments (000s) 30 27 +3 92 88 Net revenues (€ million) 1 138 949 +189 3 290 2 832MASERATI Q3 2022 Q3 2021 vs.Q3 2021 Shipments up 14%  primarily due to launch of all-new Grecale in late June ’22 and higher volumes of MC20  partially offset by reduced Levante and Ghibli volumes  particularly in China and India & Asia PacificNet revenues up 23%  primarily due to increased volumes  improved net pricing and favorable FX translation effects  partially offset by higher mix of all-new GrecaleYTD 2022 YTD 2021 Pro Forma(2) Shipments (000s) 6.6 5.8 +0.8 16.8 16.6 Net revenues (€ million) 630 514 +116 1 571 1 399ReconciliationsNet revenues from external customers to Net revenues and Net revenues from external customers to Pro Forma Net revenuesResults from continuing operations Q3 2022 (€ million) NORTH AMERICA ENLARGED EUROPE MIDDLE EAST & AFRICA SOUTH AMERICA CHINA AND INDIA & ASIA PACIFIC MASERATI OTHER(*) STELLANTIS Net revenues from external customers 21 070 13 467 1 324 3 978 1 136 631 495 42 101 Net revenues from transactions with other segments 1 19 — (13) 2 (1) (8) — Net revenues 21 071 13 486 1 324 3 965 1 138 630 487 42 101___________________________________________________________________________________________________________________(*) Other activities  unallocated items and eliminationsResults from continuing operations Q3 2021 (€ million) NORTH AMERICA ENLARGED EUROPE MIDDLE EAST & AFRICA SOUTH AMERICA CHINA AND INDIA & ASIA PACIFIC MASERATI OTHER(*) STELLANTIS Net revenues from external customers 15 532 11 600 1 045 2 541 944 514 375 32 551 Net revenues from transactions with other segments — 22 — 5 5 — (32) — Net revenues 15 532 11 622 1 045 2 546 949 514 343 32 551___________________________________________________________________________________________________________________(*) Other activities  unallocated items and eliminationsResults from continuing operations YTD 2022 (€ million) NORTH AMERICA ENLARGED EUROPE MIDDLE EAST & AFRICA SOUTH AMERICA CHINA AND INDIA & ASIA PACIFIC MASERATI OTHER(*) STELLANTIS Net revenues from external customers 63 512 44 742 4 363 11 211 3 286 1 574 1 412 130 100 Net revenues from transactions with other segments 2 63 — (13) 4 (3) (53) — Net revenues 63 514 44 805 4 363 11 198 3 290 1 571 1 359 130 100___________________________________________________________________________________________________________________(*) Other activities  unallocated items and eliminationsResults from continuing operations YTD 2021Pro Forma (€ million) NORTH AMERICA ENLARGED EUROPE MIDDLE EAST & AFRICA SOUTH AMERICA CHINA AND INDIA & ASIA PACIFIC MASERATI OTHER(*) STELLANTIS Net revenues from external customers(A) 45 952 43 104 3 556 7 283 2 766 1 377 1 123 105 161 Add: FCA Net revenues from external customers  January 1 - 16  2021(B) 2 015 335 36 189 51 18 60 2 704 Add: Pro Forma adjustments(C) 3 (7) — — — — — (4) Pro Forma Net revenues from external customers  January 1 – September 30  2021 47 970 43 432 3 592 7 472 2 817 1 395 1 183 107 861 Net revenues from transactions with other segments 9 230 — 10 15 4 (268) — Pro Forma Net revenues(D) 47 979 43 662 3 592 7 482 2 832 1 399 915 107 861___________________________________________________________________________________________________________________(*) Other activities  unallocated items and eliminations(A) PSA was identified as the accounting acquirer in the Merger  which was accounted for as a reverse acquisition  under IFRS 3 – Business Combinations  and  as such  it contributed to the results of the Company beginning January 1  2021. FCA was consolidated into Stellantis effective January 17  2021  the day after the Merger became effective(B) FCA consolidated Net revenues  January 1 - January 16  2021  excluding intercompany transactions(C) Reclassifications made to present FCA’s Net revenues January 1 - January 16  2021 consistently with that of PSA(D) Pro Forma Stellantis consolidated Net revenues  January 1 - September 30  2021NOTES(1) Combined shipments include shipments by the Company's consolidated subsidiaries and unconsolidated joint ventures  whereas Consolidated shipments only include shipments by the Company's consolidated subsidiaries.(2) Completed merger of Peugeot S.A. (“PSA”) with and into Fiat Chrysler Automobiles N.V. (“FCA”) on January 16  2021 (“Merger”). On January 17  2021  combined company was renamed Stellantis N.V. (“Stellantis” or “Company”). PSA was determined to be the acquirer for accounting purposes  therefore  the historical financial statements of Stellantis represent the continuing operations of PSA  which also reflect the loss of control and the classification of Faurecia S.E. (""Faurecia"") as a discontinued operation as of January 1  2021 with the restatement of comparative periods. Acquisition date of business combination was January 17  2021  therefore  results of FCA for the period January 1 - 16  2021 are excluded from YTD 2021 results unless otherwise stated. YTD 2021 Pro Forma results are presented as if the Merger had occurred on January 1  2020 and include results of FCA for the period January 1 – 16  2021.(3) Adjusted operating income/(loss) excludes from Net profit/(loss) from continuing operations adjustments comprising restructuring  impairments  asset write-offs  disposals of investments and unusual operating income/(expense) that are considered rare or discrete events and are infrequent in nature  as inclusion of such items is not considered to be indicative of the Company's ongoing operating performance  and also excludes Net financial expenses/(income)  Tax expense/(benefit) and Share of the profit/(loss) of equity method investees.Unusual operating income/(expense) are impacts from strategic decisions  as well as events considered rare or discrete and infrequent in nature  as inclusion of such items is not considered to be indicative of the Company's ongoing operating performance. Unusual operating income/(expense) includes  but may not be limited to: impacts from strategic decisions to rationalize Stellantis' core operations; facility-related costs stemming from Stellantis' plans to match production capacity and cost structure to market demand; and convergence and integration costs directly related to significant acquisitions or mergers.(4) Industrial free cash flows is calculated as Cash flows from operating activities less: cash flows from operating activities from discontinued operations; cash flows from operating activities related to financial services  net of eliminations; investments in property  plant and equipment and intangible assets for industrial activities; contributions of equity to joint ventures and minor acquisitions of consolidated subsidiaries and equity method and other investments; and adjusted for: net intercompany payments between continuing operations and discontinued operations; proceeds from disposal of assets and contributions to defined benefit pension plans  net of tax. The timing of Industrial free cash flows may be affected by the timing of monetization of receivables and the payment of accounts payables  as well as changes in other components of working capital  which can vary from period to period due to  among other things  cash management initiatives and other factors  some of which may be outside of the Company’s control.(5) Source: China State Information Center (SIC)  S&P Global  Ward's Automotive and Company estimates.Rankings  market share and other industry information is derived from third-party industry sources (e.g. Agence Nationale des Titres Sécurisés (ANTS)  Associação Nacional dos Fabricantes de Veículos Automotores (ANFAVEA)  Unione Nazionale Rappresentanti Veicoli Esteri (UNRAE)  Ward’s Automotive) and internal information.For purposes of this document  and unless otherwise stated  rankings  market share and other industry information are for passenger cars (PC) plus light commercial vehicles (LCV)  except as noted below:Middle East & Africa exclude Iran  Sudan and Syria;India & Asia Pacific reflects aggregate for major markets where Stellantis competes (Japan (PC)  India (PC)  South Korea (PC + Pickups)  Australia  New Zealand and South East Asia);China represents PC only; andMaserati reflects aggregate for 17 major markets where Maserati competes and is derived from S&P Global data  Maserati competitive segment and internal information.Prior period figures have been updated to reflect current information provided by third-party industry sources.Rankings  market share and other industry information relating to YTD 2021 includes FCA for the period January 1 - 16  2021.Commercial Vehicles market share refers to light commercial vehicles.EU30 = EU 27 (excluding Malta)  Iceland  Norway  Switzerland and UK.Low emission vehicles (LEV) = battery electric (BEV)  plug-in hybrid (PHEV) and fuel cell electric (FCEV).All Stellantis reported BEV and LEV sales include Citroën Ami and Opel Rocks-e; in countries where these vehicles are classified as quadricycles they are excluded from Stellantis reported combined sales  industry sales and market share figures.SAFE HARBOR STATEMENTThis document  in particular references to “FY 2022 Guidance”  contains forward looking statements. In particular  statements regarding future financial performance and the Company’s expectations as to the achievement of certain targeted metrics  including revenues  industrial free cash flows  vehicle shipments  capital investments  research and development costs and other expenses at any future date or for any future period are forward-looking statements. These statements may include terms such as “may”  “will”  “expect”  “could”  “should”  “intend”  “estimate”  “anticipate”  “believe”  “remain”  “on track”  “design”  “target”  “objective”  “goal”  “forecast”  “projection”  “outlook”  “prospects”  “plan”  or similar terms. Forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance. Rather  they are based on the Company’s current state of knowledge  future expectations and projections about future events and are by their nature  subject to inherent risks and uncertainties. They relate to events and depend on circumstances that may or may not occur or exist in the future and  as such  undue reliance should not be placed on them.Actual results may differ materially from those expressed in forward-looking statements as a result of a variety of factors  including: the continued impact of unfilled semiconductor orders; the Company’s ability to realize the anticipated benefits of the merger; the continued impact of the COVID-19 pandemic; the Company’s ability to launch new products successfully and to maintain vehicle shipment volumes; the Company’s ability to successfully manage the industry-wide transition from internal combustion engines to full electrification; changes in the global financial markets  general economic environment and changes in demand for automotive products  which is subject to cyclicality; changes in local economic and political conditions; changes in trade policy  the imposition of global and regional tariffs or tariffs targeted to the automotive industry  the enactment of tax reforms or other changes in tax laws and regulations; the Company’s ability to produce or procure electric batteries with competitive performance  cost and at required volumes; the Company’s ability to offer innovative  attractive products and to develop  manufacture and sell vehicles with advanced features including enhanced electrification  connectivity and autonomous driving characteristics; various types of claims  lawsuits  governmental investigations and other contingencies  including product liability and warranty claims and environmental claims  investigations and lawsuits; material operating expenditures in relation to compliance with environmental  health and safety regulations; the level of competition in the automotive industry  which may increase due to consolidation; exposure to shortfalls in the funding of the Company’s defined benefit pension plans; the Company’s ability to provide or arrange for access to adequate financing for dealers and retail customers and associated risks related to the establishment and operations of financial services companies; the Company’s ability to access funding to execute its business plans; a significant malfunction  disruption or security breach compromising information technology systems or the electronic control systems contained in the Company’s vehicles; the Company’s ability to realize anticipated benefits from joint venture arrangements; disruptions arising from political  social and economic instability; risks associated with the Company’s relationships with employees  dealers and suppliers; increases in costs  disruptions of supply or shortages of raw materials  parts  components and systems used in the Company’s vehicles; the Company’s ability to maintain effective internal controls over financial reporting; developments in labor and industrial relations and developments in applicable labor laws; exchange rate fluctuations  interest rate changes  credit risk and other market risks; political and civil unrest; earthquakes or other disasters; and other risks and uncertainties.Any forward-looking statements contained in this document speak only as of the date of this document and the Company disclaims any obligation to update or revise publicly forward-looking statements. Further information concerning the Company and its businesses  including factors that could materially affect the Company’s financial results  is included in the Company’s reports and filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission and AFM.Attachment",neutral,0.1,0.9,0.0,positive,0.71,0.28,0.0,True,English,"['Q3 2022 Net Revenues', 'Strong Growth', 'Full-Year Guidance', 'Stellantis', 'Dare Forward 2030 strategic plan goals', ""Stellantis' carbon net zero ambition"", ""Stellantis' first Circular Economy Hub"", 'favorable FX translation effects', 'Operating Income Margin(3) Double-Digit', 'Industrial Free Cash Flows', 'Stellantis’ strategic technical domains', 'future-generation electrified dual-clutch transmissions', 'Dare Forward 2030 electrification roadmap', 'Dodge Charger Daytona SRT', 'Ram 1500 Revolution BEV Concept', 'Total new vehicle inventory', 'New Jeep Avenger BEV', 'Commercial Vehicles market leader', 'Q3 global BEV sales', 'semiconductor order fulfillment', 'Safe Harbor Statement', '2022 Paris Motor Show', 'joint venture partner', 'widest collaborative ecosystems', 'Jeep EV Days', 'STELLANTIS N.V', 'bold electrification plans', 'Stellantis’ Mirafiori Complex', 'The Mirafiori Complex', 'strong net pricing', 'low emission vehicles', 'U.S. share', 'battery electric vehicles', 'EU30 market share', 'Q3 2022 Net Revenues', 'South America Stable', 'YTD 2021 Pro Forma', 'The Hub', 'new agreement', 'global sales', 'global leader', '4,210 Net revenues', 'electrified vehicles', 'vehicle reconditioning', 'vehicle dismantling', 'SUV electrification', 'electrification technologies', 'Jeep ® brand', 'Jeep brand', 'Company inventory', 'Strong Growth', 'strong demand', '112k vehicles', 'North America', 'Stellantis hybrid', 'Full-Year Guidance', 'higher volumes', 'Consolidated shipments', 'logistics challenges', 'enthusiastic response', 'fast pace', 'Las Vegas', 'worldwide debut', 'Richard Palmer', 'CONTINUING OPERATIONS', 'Combined shipments', 'FY 2022 GUIDANCE', 'INDUSTRY OUTLOOK', 'Middle East', 'Asia Pacific', 'additional detail', 'giant step', '1st Edition', 'same day', 'growing demand', 'Punch Powertrain', 'existing capacity', 'three activities', 'sustainable use', '1,000 different partners', 'autonomous driving', 'advanced propulsion', 'ranking references', 'electrified future', '1,281k units', '926k units', '275k units', '179k units', 'Enlarged Europe', '68k units', '21k units', 'performance brand', 'Legacy FCA', '22.6% share', '000 units', 'improvement', 'September', 'December', 'summer', 'January', 'CFO', 'RESULTS', 'Africa', 'India', 'China', 'July', 'Basis', 'preparation', 'data', 'IFRS', 'Merger', 'period', 'section', 'Notes', 'document', 'AMSTERDAM', 'BEVs', 'progress', 'class', 'four', 'announcement', 'production', 'eDCT', 'Turin', 'Italy', 'Metz', 'France', 'parts', 'mobility', 'biggest', 'projects', 'connectivity', 'Segments', '160']",2022-11-03,2022-11-03,finance.yahoo.com
12619,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2022/11/03/2547228/0/en/BGHL-Euro-NAV-Share-buy-back.html,BGHL Euro NAV & Share buy back,BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED      Ordinary Shares      The Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan...,"BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary SharesThe Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for the Company.Close of business 02 Nov 2022.Estimated NAVEuro Shares Sterling Shares Estimated NAV € 28.0943 £ 24.6425 Estimated MTD return -0.19 % -0.19 % Estimated YTD return -3.79 % -2.62 % Estimated ITD return 180.94 % 146.43 %NAV and returns are calculated net of management and performance feesMarket informationEuro Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close € 22.20 N/A Premium/discount to estimated NAV -20.98 % N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close N/A GBX 2 000.00 Premium/discount to estimated NAV N/A -18.84 %Transactions in own securities purchased into treasuryOrdinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares 1 700 N/A Average Price € 22.48 N/A Range of Price N/A N/ALiquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/ABGHL CapitalBGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Shares Outstanding 12 310 014 130 254 Held in treasury 6 574 N/A Shares Issued 12 316 588 130 254Estimated BG Fund NAVClass B Euro Shares (estimated) € 245.3044 Class GBP A Shares (estimated) £ 131.4522The Class B Euro Shares of BG Fund are not subject to investment manager fees  as the Investment Manager receives management fees and performance fees in respect of its role as Investment Manager of BGHL.For further information please contact:Boussard & Gavaudan Investment Management  LLP.Emmanuel Gavaudan +44 (0) 20 3751 5389 Email : info@bgam-uk.comThe Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has received the necessary approval of the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and the States of Guernsey Policy Council. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.This is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Neither the Company nor BG Fund ICAV has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that:all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results;the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; andif you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.Attachment",neutral,0.05,0.95,0.0,negative,0.0,0.23,0.77,True,English,"['BGHL Euro NAV', 'Share', 'A Liquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares', 'The Class B Euro Shares', 'BGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'A N/A Average Price', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'Sterling Shares Shares', 'Euro Shares Amsterdam', 'US Investment Company Act', 'Sterling Shares Number', 'expert financial advice', 'GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED', 'Guernsey Policy Council', 'collective investment scheme', 'other professional advice', 'BG Fund ICAV', 'closed-ended investment company', 'A Shares', 'UK Listing Authority', 'US Securities Act', 'Gavaudan Investment Management', 'investment manager fees', 'BG Fund NAV', 'The Shares', 'Dutch Authority', 'N/A GBX', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'US persons', 'Financial Markets', 'The Directors', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'The Company', 'investment performance', 'original investment', 'investment decision', 'performance fees', 'BGHL Capital', 'management fees', 'MTD return', 'YTD return', 'ITD return', 'financieel toezicht', 'Official List', 'applicable law', 'public offering', 'other jurisdiction', 'United States', 'following information', 'information purposes', 'necessary approval', 'main market', 'future results', 'listed securities', 'Market information', 'BOUSSARD', 'business', 'returns', 'AEX', 'LSE', 'Transactions', 'treasury', 'respect', 'role', 'LLP.', 'Email', 'article', 'conjunction', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', 'mind', 'risk', 'past', 'guarantee', 'doubt', 'contents', 'communication', 'substitute', 'Attachment']",2022-11-03,2022-11-03,globenewswire.com
12620,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2022/11/03/2547227/0/en/BGHL-GBP-NAV-Share-buy-back.html,BGHL GBP NAV & Share buy back,BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED      Ordinary Shares      The Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan...,"BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary SharesThe Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for the Company.Close of business 02 Nov 2022.Estimated NAVEuro Shares Sterling Shares Estimated NAV € 28.0943 £ 24.6425 Estimated MTD return -0.19 % -0.19 % Estimated YTD return -3.79 % -2.62 % Estimated ITD return 180.94 % 146.43 %NAV and returns are calculated net of management and performance feesMarket informationEuro Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close € 22.20 N/A Premium/discount to estimated NAV -20.98 % N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close N/A GBX 2 000.00 Premium/discount to estimated NAV N/A -18.84 %Transactions in own securities purchased into treasuryOrdinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares 1 700 N/A Average Price € 22.48 N/A Range of Price N/A N/ALiquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/ABGHL CapitalBGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Shares Outstanding 12 310 014 130 254 Held in treasury 6 574 N/A Shares Issued 12 316 588 130 254Estimated BG Fund NAVClass B Euro Shares (estimated) € 245.3044 Class GBP A Shares (estimated) £ 131.4522The Class B Euro Shares of BG Fund are not subject to investment manager fees  as the Investment Manager receives management fees and performance fees in respect of its role as Investment Manager of BGHL.For further information please contact:Boussard & Gavaudan Investment Management  LLP.Emmanuel Gavaudan +44 (0) 20 3751 5389 Email : info@bgam-uk.comThe Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has received the necessary approval of the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and the States of Guernsey Policy Council. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.This is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Neither the Company nor BG Fund ICAV has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that:all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results;the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; andif you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.Attachment",neutral,0.08,0.91,0.0,negative,0.0,0.23,0.77,True,English,"['BGHL GBP NAV', 'Share', 'A Liquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares', 'The Class B Euro Shares', 'BGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'A N/A Average Price', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'Sterling Shares Shares', 'Euro Shares Amsterdam', 'US Investment Company Act', 'Sterling Shares Number', 'expert financial advice', 'GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED', 'Guernsey Policy Council', 'collective investment scheme', 'other professional advice', 'BG Fund ICAV', 'closed-ended investment company', 'A Shares', 'UK Listing Authority', 'US Securities Act', 'Gavaudan Investment Management', 'investment manager fees', 'BG Fund NAV', 'The Shares', 'Dutch Authority', 'N/A GBX', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'US persons', 'Financial Markets', 'The Directors', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'The Company', 'investment performance', 'original investment', 'investment decision', 'performance fees', 'BGHL Capital', 'management fees', 'MTD return', 'YTD return', 'ITD return', 'financieel toezicht', 'Official List', 'applicable law', 'public offering', 'other jurisdiction', 'United States', 'following information', 'information purposes', 'necessary approval', 'main market', 'future results', 'listed securities', 'Market information', 'BOUSSARD', 'business', 'returns', 'AEX', 'LSE', 'Transactions', 'treasury', 'respect', 'role', 'LLP.', 'Email', 'article', 'conjunction', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', 'mind', 'risk', 'past', 'guarantee', 'doubt', 'contents', 'communication', 'substitute', 'Attachment']",2022-11-03,2022-11-03,globenewswire.com
12621,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2022/11/03/2547218/0/en/ING-announces-change-in-Supervisory-Board.html,ING announces change in Supervisory Board,ING announces change in Supervisory Board        ING announced today that Mariana Gheorghe has decided not to be available for reappointment to the......,ING announces change in Supervisory BoardING announced today that Mariana Gheorghe has decided not to be available for reappointment to the Supervisory Board at the next General Meeting of Shareholders  in 2023. Mariana Gheorghe was appointed a member of the Supervisory Board at the General Meeting in May 2015 and was reappointed for a second term of four years in 2019.Mariana Gheorghe is a member of the Nomination and Corporate Governance Committee  the Remuneration Committee  Risk Committee and the ESG Committee and will continue in her roles until her current term ends at the General Meeting in 2023. The process of selecting and nominating a candidate for appointment to the Supervisory Board at the 2023 General Meeting is underway.“We regret but understand Mariana’s decision. While we will properly thank her when she really leaves our Board next year  I already want to take the opportunity now to show our gratitude for her valuable contributions over the past seven years ” said Hans Wijers  chairman of the Supervisory Board of ING Group.Note for editorsFor further information on ING  please visit www.ing.com. Frequent news updates can be found in the Newsroom or via the @ING_news Twitter feed. Photos of ING operations  buildings and its executives are available for download at Flickr.Press enquiries Investor enquiries Raymond Vermeulen ING Group Investor Relations +31 20 576 6369 +31 20 576 6396 Raymond.Vermeulen@ing.com Investor.Relations@ing.comING PROFILEING is a global financial institution with a strong European base  offering banking services through its operating company ING Bank. The purpose of ING Bank is empowering people to stay a step ahead in life and in business. ING Bank’s more than 58 000 employees off er retail and wholesale banking services to customers in over 40 countries.ING Group shares are listed on the exchanges of Amsterdam (INGA NA  INGA.AS)  Brussels and on the New York Stock Exchange (ADRs: ING US  ING.N).Sustainability is an integral part of ING’s strategy  evidenced by ING’s leading position in sector benchmarks. ING's Environmental  Social and Governance (ESG) rating by MSCI was affirmed 'AA' in September 2022. As of August 2022  Sustainalytics considers ING’s management of ESG material risk to be ‘strong’  and in June 2022 ING received an ESG rating of 'strong' from S&P Global Ratings. ING Group shares are also included in major sustainability and ESG index products of leading providers Euronext  STOXX  Morningstar and FTSE Russell.IMPORTANT LEGAL INFORMATIONElements of this press release contain or may contain information about ING Groep N.V. and/ or ING Bank N.V. within the meaning of Article 7(1) to (4) of EU Regulation No 596/2014.Certain of the statements contained herein are not historical facts  including  without limitation  certain statements made of future expectations and other forward-looking statements that are based on management’s current views and assumptions and involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results  performance or events to differ materially from those expressed or implied in such statements. Actual results  performance or events may differ materially from those in such statements due to a number of factors  including  without limitation: (1) changes in general economic conditions and customer behaviour  in particular economic conditions in ING’s core markets  including changes affecting currency exchange rates and the regional and global economic impact of the invasion of Russia into Ukraine and related international response measures (2) effects of the Covid-19 pandemic and related response measures  including lockdowns and travel restrictions  on economic conditions in countries in which ING operates  on ING’s business and operations and on ING’s employees  customers and counterparties (3) changes affecting interest rate levels (4) any default of a major market participant and related market disruption (5) changes in performance of financial markets  including in Europe and developing markets (6) fiscal uncertainty in Europe and the United States (7) discontinuation of or changes in ‘benchmark’ indices (8) inflation and deflation in our principal markets (9) changes in conditions in the credit and capital markets generally  including changes in borrower and counterparty creditworthiness (10) failures of banks falling under the scope of state compensation schemes (11) non-compliance with or changes in laws and regulations  including those concerning financial services  financial economic crimes and tax laws  and the interpretation and application thereof (12) geopolitical risks  political instabilities and policies and actions of governmental and regulatory authorities  including in connection with the invasion of Russia into Ukraine and related international response measures (13) legal and regulatory risks in certain countries with less developed legal and regulatory frameworks (14) prudential supervision and regulations  including in relation to stress tests and regulatory restrictions on dividends and distributions (also among members of the group) (15) regulatory consequences of the United Kingdom’s withdrawal from the European Union  including authorizations and equivalence decisions (16) ING’s ability to meet minimum capital and other prudential regulatory requirements (17) changes in regulation of US commodities and derivatives businesses of ING and its customers (18) application of bank recovery and resolution regimes  including write down and conversion powers in relation to our securities (19) outcome of current and future litigation  enforcement proceedings  investigations or other regulatory actions  including claims by customers or stakeholders who feel misled or treated unfairly  and other conduct issues (20) changes in tax laws and regulations and risks of non-compliance or investigation in connection with tax laws  including FATCA (21) operational and IT risks  such as system disruptions or failures  breaches of security  cyber-attacks  human error  changes in operational practices or inadequate controls including in respect of third parties with which we do business (22) risks and challenges related to cybercrime including the effects of cyberattacks and changes in legislation and regulation related to cybersecurity and data privacy (23) changes in general competitive factors  including ability to increase or maintain market share (24) inability to protect our intellectual property and infringement claims by third parties (25) inability of counterparties to meet financial obligations or ability to enforce rights against such counterparties (26) changes in credit ratings (27) business  operational  regulatory  reputation  transition and other risks and challenges in connection with climate change and ESG-related matters (28) inability to attract and retain key personnel (29) future liabilities under defi ned benefit retirement plans (30) failure to manage business risks  including in connection with use of models  use of derivatives  or maintaining appropriate policies and guidelines (31) changes in capital and credit markets  including interbank funding  as well as customer deposits  which provide the liquidity and capital required to fund our operations  and (32) the other risks and uncertainties detailed in the most recent annual report of ING Groep N.V. (including the Risk Factors contained therein) and ING’s more recent disclosures  including press releases  which are available on www.ING.com.This document may contain inactive textual addresses to internet websites operated by us and third parties. Reference to such websites is made for information purposes only  and information found at such websites is not incorporated by reference into this document. ING does not make any representation or warranty with respect to the accuracy or completeness of  or take any responsibility for  any information found at any websites operated by third parties. ING specifically disclaims any liability with respect to any information found at websites operated by third parties. ING cannot guarantee that websites operated by third parties remain available following the publication of this document  or that any information found at such websites will not change following the filing of this document. Many of those factors are beyond ING’s control.Any forward looking statements made by or on behalf of ING speak only as of the date they are made  and ING assumes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements  whether as a result of new information or for any other reason.This document does not constitute an offer to sell  or a solicitation of an offer to purchase  any securities in the United States or any other jurisdiction.Attachment,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.25,0.06,0.69,True,English,"['Supervisory Board', 'change', 'New York Stock Exchange', 'S&P Global Ratings', 'currency exchange rates', 'Frequent news updates', 'strong European base', 'Groep N.V.', 'international response measures', 'interest rate levels', 'state compensation schemes', 'global economic impact', 'global financial institution', 'past seven years', 'ESG index products', 'financial economic crimes', 'related response measures', 'major market participant', 'ESG material risk', 'wholesale banking services', 'next General Meeting', 'Group Investor Relations', 'Bank N.V.', 'other forward-looking statements', 'Corporate Governance Committee', 'general economic conditions', 'IMPORTANT LEGAL INFORMATION', 'financial services', 'Risk Committee', 'ESG Committee', '2023 General Meeting', 'four years', 'Investor enquiries', 'market disruption', 'financial markets', 'ESG) rating', 'ESG rating', 'Remuneration Committee', 'second term', 'current term', 'valuable contributions', 'Hans Wijers', 'Press enquiries', 'operating company', 'er retail', 'Group shares', 'INGA NA', 'INGA.AS', 'integral part', 'leading position', 'sector benchmarks', 'Environmental, Social', 'major sustainability', 'leading providers', 'FTSE Russell', 'press release', 'EU Regulation', 'historical facts', 'future expectations', 'current views', 'unknown risks', 'actual results', 'customer behaviour', 'core markets', 'Covid-19 pandemic', 'travel restrictions', 'developing markets', 'fiscal uncertainty', 'United States', 'benchmark’ indices', 'principal markets', 'capital markets', 'counterparty creditworthiness', 'geopolitical risks', 'political instabilities', 'regulatory authorities', 'regulatory risks', 'regulatory frameworks', 'prudential supervision', 'stress tests', 'regulatory restrictions', 'Supervisory Board', 'Mariana Gheorghe', 'Raymond Vermeulen', 'tax laws', 'reappointment', 'Shareholders', 'member', 'May', 'Nomination', 'roles', 'process', 'candidate', 'decision', 'opportunity', 'gratitude', 'chairman', 'Note', 'editors', 'Newsroom', 'Photos', 'operations', 'buildings', 'executives', 'download', 'Flickr', 'PROFILE', 'purpose', 'people', 'step', 'life', 'business', '58,000 employees', 'customers', '40 countries', 'exchanges', 'Amsterdam', 'Brussels', 'ADRs', 'strategy', 'MSCI', 'September', 'August', 'Sustainalytics', 'management', 'June', 'Euronext', 'Morningstar', 'Elements', 'meaning', 'Article', 'limitation', 'assumptions', 'uncertainties', 'performance', 'events', 'number', 'factors', 'particular', 'regional', 'invasion', 'Russia', 'Ukraine', 'lockdowns', 'counterparties', 'default', 'discontinuation', 'inflation', 'deflation', 'borrower', 'banks', 'scope', 'compliance', 'regulations', 'interpretation', 'application', 'policies', 'actions', 'connection', 'less', 'dividends']",2022-11-03,2022-11-03,globenewswire.com
12622,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://seekingalpha.com/article/4552465-wall-street-breakfast-no-pivot-yet,Wall Street Breakfast: No Pivot Yet,Listen on the go! A daily podcast of Wall Street Breakfast will be available by 8:00 a.m. on Seeking Alpha  iTunes  Stitcher and Spotify.,"No pivot yetInvestors need some time off after a topsy-turvy year  but things may not be better at the local amusement park. Fed Chair Jay Powell took the market on another rollercoaster on Wednesday  with a series of loop-the-loops aboard a ride known as the Dove-Hawk Twister. When all was said and done  the Dow dropped 500 points  while the S&P 500 and Nasdaq slumped 2.5% and 3.6%  respectively  after initially soaring on the Fed's announcement (that came along with a 75 bps rate hike).Steep turns: ""With the lags between policy and economic activity  there's a lot of uncertainty  so that we note that in determining the pace of future increases will take into account the cumulative tightening of monetary policy  as well as the lags with which monetary policy affects economic activity and inflation... that's why I've said at the last two press conferences that at some point it will become appropriate to slow the pace of increases. So that time is coming  and it may come as soon as the next meeting or the one after that.""""We may ultimately move to higher levels than we thought at the time of the September meeting. The incoming data since our last meeting suggests the ultimate level of interest rates will be higher than previously expected. The risks are asymmetric. If the Fed does too much  it can cut. If it doesn't tighten enough  then you’re in real trouble... It is very premature to be thinking about pausing... We think we have a ways to go.""Bottom line: Powell and Co. will be watching the data and evolving market conditions before making any significant pivot. The Non-Farm Payrolls report for October is out tomorrow  followed by the Consumer Price Index on Nov. 10  and Personal Consumption Expenditures on Dec. 1. The latter is the Fed's preferred measurement for inflation as it captures changes in consumer behavior and has a broader scope than the CPI. Global macro events will also be considered like Russia's war against Ukraine and the effects of China's zero-COVID policy. (78 comments)Radical reductionIn a bid to drive down costs  Elon Musk plans to eliminate 50% of Twitter (TWTR) workforce today  which would result in nearly 3 700 layoffs  according to Bloomberg. The platform's work-from-anywhere policy would also be rescinded  with most of the remaining employees required to report to the office. In one scenario being considered  laid-off workers will be offered 60 days' worth of severance pay as Musk looks to gut a business for which he says he overpaid (the transaction valued Twitter at $44B).Snapshot: A series of layoffs started as soon as Musk took over the social media company  including CEO Parag Agrawal  finance chief Ned Segal and senior legal staffers Vijaya Gadde and Sean Edgett. In the days that followed  other departures have included Chief Marketing Officer Leslie Berland  Chief Customer Officer Sarah Personette  and Jean-Philippe Maheu  vice president of global client solutions. After the layoffs were sorted  Twitter Chief Accounting Officer Robert Kaiden reportedly left the company  becoming one of the last pre-Musk C-suite executives to depart.In recent weeks  Musk has started hinting at his staffing priorities  saying he wants to focus on the core product. ""Software engineering  server operations & design will rule the roost ” he tweeted in early October. On the product side  the company will soon start charging $8-a-month for verification  which includes badges  and could go live as early as Monday. Reports suggest that users who already have a blue check will have a multi-month grace period before they will either need to pay for the badge or lose it.Not alone: In October  Meta Platforms (META) announced that it was eliminating 15% of its staff  or approximately 12 000 employees at Facebook  to slash its headcount as global headwinds and falling ad spends pose serious problems. In August  Snap (SNAP)  the maker of the ephemeral messaging app Snapchat  laid off 20% of its workforce. (26 comments)Grain dealRussia has agreed to return to a Turkish and U.N. brokered agreement that allowed the shipment of millions of tons of Ukrainian grain through the Black Sea. It had previously pulled out of the deal following an alleged Ukrainian drone attack in Crimea over the weekend. Moscow now says ""written assurances"" from Kyiv guarantee that it would not use the humanitarian maritime corridor for military purposes  so the shipments could continue unobstructed.Market movement: Wheat futures plunged in the U.S. and Europe on Wednesday  as well as other commodities. On the Chicago Board of Trade  wheat for December delivery (W_1:COM) settled down 6.3% to $8.46 per bushel  and December corn (C_1:COM) closed off 1.5% to $6.87 a bushel. The benchmark December contract on Euronext also settled 4.6% lower to €341.25/metric ton.There's been some debate over how much leverage Russia's Vladimir Putin really holds over the deal  with the grain shipments continuing on Monday and Tuesday (and a one day interruption on Wednesday). Some say that the parties involved could push ahead despite Moscow's objections  though others feel that it would be hard to ink shipping and insurance contracts to underwrite the voyages. Whatever the case may be  Putin will likely try to gain additional leverage ahead of the deal's original expiration date of Nov. 19  and before the upcoming G20 Summit in Bali.Stats: Over the past two months  more than 400 ships departing Ukraine exported 9.9M metric tons of corn  wheat  sunflower products  barley  rapeseed and soy under the Black Sea Grain Initiative. (14 comments)King CookWhat a difference one year can make. Apple (AAPL) closed out Wednesday's session with a market capitalization of $2.307T  making it more valuable than Alphabet (GOOG  GOOGL)  Amazon (AMZN) and Meta (META) combined (worth a total of $2.306T). The latter group even started 2022 worth $4.410T  compared to the valuation of the iPhone maker at $2.913T.Free cash flow: ""Take a look at last quarter. Apple FCF: $20 billion  Google FCF: $16 billion  Meta FCF: $0.3 billion  Amazon FCF: -$5 billion "" tweeted financial YouTuber Joseph Carlson  who first pointed out the comparison. ""Now of course one quarter doesn't paint the full picture. But Apple is posting massive FCF like clockwork. The others are not.""The four companies also reported earnings last week and only Apple's results were met with a positive market reaction. Macs selling at a record pace outweighed a slight miss on iPhone sales  while the Tim Cook-led firm beat estimates on both the top and bottom lines. Weak growth  some misses and downbeat forecasts weighed on the other tech giants  while many are worried about Meta's experimental pivot to a digital avatar-filled universe given its lack of regard to spending as the business burns billions.Commentary: ""Perhaps it's investor expectations  demanding perfection across complicated conglomerates "" wrote Mark Shmulik  senior internet analyst at Bernstein  following the quarterly figures last week. ""Or maybe Internet mega-caps are a lot less agile than we thought and [are] either unable or unwilling to adapt to a changing operating environment. What if it's just structural and Internet incumbents need to spend an ever-increasing amount of capital in their mature years to keep competitors at bay? All the above."" (36 comments)",neutral,0.01,0.87,0.12,negative,0.01,0.08,0.91,True,English,"['Wall Street Breakfast', 'Pivot', 'Twitter Chief Accounting Officer Robert Kaiden', 'Chief Marketing Officer Leslie Berland', 'finance chief Ned Segal', 'U.N. brokered agreement', 'last two press conferences', 'Fed Chair Jay Powell', 'Chief Customer Officer', 'local amusement park', '75 bps rate hike', 'Non-Farm Payrolls report', 'Personal Consumption Expenditures', 'CEO Parag Agrawal', 'senior legal staffers', 'multi-month grace period', 'falling ad spends', 'ephemeral messaging app', 'humanitarian maritime corridor', 'Global macro events', 'global client solutions', 'Consumer Price Index', 'Ukrainian drone attack', 'one day interruption', 'benchmark December contract', 'social media company', 'Musk C-suite executives', 'U.S.', 'global headwinds', 'consumer behavior', 'one scenario', 'Ukrainian grain', 'last meeting', 'December delivery', 'December corn', 'topsy-turvy year', 'Dove-Hawk Twister', 'S&P 500', 'economic activity', 'next meeting', 'higher levels', 'September meeting', 'ultimate level', 'interest rates', 'real trouble', 'Bottom line', 'preferred measurement', 'broader scope', 'Radical reduction', 'severance pay', 'Vijaya Gadde', 'Sean Edgett', 'other departures', 'Sarah Personette', 'Jean-Philippe Maheu', 'vice president', 'recent weeks', 'staffing priorities', 'core product', 'Software engineering', 'server operations', 'product side', 'blue check', 'serious problems', 'Black Sea', 'written assurances', 'military purposes', 'other commodities', 'Chicago Board', '5/metric ton', 'Vladimir Putin', 'market conditions', 'Market movement', 'monetary policy', 'zero-COVID policy', 'Elon Musk', 'future increases', 'incoming data', 'significant pivot', 'TWTR) workforce', 'remaining employees', ""60 days' worth"", 'Meta Platforms', 'Wheat futures', 'grain shipments', 'early October', 'Grain deal', '12,000 employees', 'Investors', 'things', 'rollercoaster', 'Wednesday', 'series', 'loop', 'ride', 'Dow', 'Nasdaq', 'announcement', 'Steep', 'lags', 'lot', 'uncertainty', 'pace', 'cumulative', 'tightening', 'inflation', 'point', 'risks', 'ways', 'Co.', 'Nov.', 'Dec.', 'changes', 'CPI', 'Russia', 'Ukraine', 'effects', 'China', '78 comments', 'bid', 'costs', '3,700 layoffs', 'Bloomberg', 'business', 'transaction', 'Snapshot', 'design', 'roost', 'verification', 'badges', 'Monday', 'Reports', 'users', 'Facebook', 'headcount', 'August', 'maker', 'Snapchat', '26 comments', 'Turkish', 'millions', 'tons', 'alleged', 'Crimea', 'weekend', 'Moscow', 'Kyiv', 'Europe', 'Trade', 'bushel', 'Euronext', 'debate', 'leverage', 'Tuesday', 'parties']",2022-11-03,2022-11-03,seekingalpha.com
12623,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2022/11/03/2547217/0/en/ING-announces-share-buyback-programme-of-up-to-1-5-billion.html,ING announces share buyback programme of up to €1.5 billion,ING announces share buyback programme of up to €1.5 billion  ING announced today the start of a share buyback programme under which it plans to...,ING announces share buyback programme of up to €1.5 billionING announced today the start of a share buyback programme under which it plans to repurchase ordinary shares of ING Groep N.V.  for a maximum total amount of €1.5 billion.The purpose of the share buyback programme is to reduce the share capital of ING. It is a next step in converging our CET1 ratio towards our target of around 12.5% by 2025  as announced during our Investor Update in June 2022.ING Group’s CET1 ratio was 14.7% at the end of the third quarter of 2022 which is well above the prevailing CET1 ratio requirement of 10.52%. The buyback programme will have an expected pro-forma impact of roughly 44 bps on our CET1 ratio.The share buyback programme will commence on 3 November 2022 and is expected to end no later than 30 December 2022. Any remaining amount of the programme after the end date will be paid out in cash to shareholders on 16 January 2023.The ECB has approved the programme  which will be executed in compliance with the Market Abuse Regulation and within the limitations of the existing authority to acquire a maximum of 10% of the issued shares as granted by the general meeting of shareholders on 25 April 2022. ING has entered into a non-discretionary arrangement with a financial intermediary to conduct the buyback.ING will provide weekly updates on the progress of the programme via a press release and on the Investor Relations section of the ING website: https://www.ing.com/Investor-relations/Share-information/Share-buyback-programme.htm.Note for editorsFor further information on ING  please visit www.ing.com. Frequent news updates can be found in the Newsroom or via the @ING_news Twitter feed. Photos of ING operations  buildings and its executives are available for download at Flickr. ING presentations are available at SlideShare.Press enquiries Investor enquiries Christoph Linke ING Group Investor Relations +31 20 576 5000 +31 20 576 6396 Raymond.Vermeulen@ing.com Investor.Relations@ing.comING PROFILEING is a global financial institution with a strong European base  oﬀering banking services through its operating company ING Bank. The purpose of ING Bank is: empowering people to stay a step ahead in life and in business. ING Bank’s more than 58 000 employees oﬀer retail and wholesale banking services to customers in over 40 countries.ING Group shares are listed on the exchanges of Amsterdam (INGA NA  INGA.AS)  Brussels and on the New York Stock Exchange (ADRs: ING US  ING.N).Sustainability is an integral part of ING’s strategy  evidenced by ING’s leading position in sector benchmarks. ING's Environmental  Social and Governance (ESG) rating by MSCI was aﬃrmed 'AA' in September 2022. As of August 2022  Sustainalytics considers ING’s management of ESG material risk to be ‘strong’  and in June 2022 ING received an ESG rating of 'strong' from S&P Global Ratings. ING Group shares are also included in major sustainability and ESG index products of leading providers Euronext  STOXX  Morningstar and FTSE Russell.IMPORTANT LEGAL INFORMATIONCertain of the statements contained herein are not historical facts  including  without limitation  certain statements made of future expectations and other forward-looking statements that are based on management’s current views and assumptions and involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results  performance or events to diﬀer materially from those expressed or implied in such statements. Actual results  performance or events may diﬀer materially from those in such statements due to a number of factors  including  without limitation: (1) changes in general economic conditions and customer behaviour  in particular economic conditions in ING’s core markets  including changes aﬀecting currency exchange rates and the regional and global economic impact of the invasion of Russia into Ukraine and related international response measures (2) eﬀects of the Covid-19 pandemic and related response measures  including lockdowns and travel restrictions  on economic conditions in countries in which ING operates  on ING’s business and operations and on ING’s employees  customers and counterparties (3) changes aﬀecting interest rate levels (4) any default of a major market participant and related market disruption (5) changes in performance of financial markets  including in Europe and developing markets (6) fiscal uncertainty in Europe and the United States(7) discontinuation of or changes in ‘benchmark’ indices (8) inflation and deflation in our principal markets (9) changes in conditions in the credit and capital markets generally  including changes in borrower and counterparty creditworthiness (10) failures of banks falling under the scope of state compensation schemes (11) non-compliance with or changes in laws and regulations  including those concerning financial services  financial economic crimes and tax laws  and the interpretation and application thereof (12) geopolitical risks  political instabilities and policies and actions of governmental and regulatory authorities  including in connection with the invasion of Russia into Ukraine and related international response measures (13) legal and regulatory risks in certain countries with less developed legal and regulatory frameworks(14) prudential supervision and regulations  including in relation to stress tests and regulatory restrictions on dividends and distributions (also among members of the group) (15) regulatory consequences of the United Kingdom’s withdrawal from the European Union  including authorizations and equivalence decisions (16) ING’s ability to meet minimum capital and other prudential regulatory requirements (17) changes in regulation of US commodities and derivatives businesses of ING and its customers(18) application of bank recovery and resolution regimes  including write- down and conversion powers in relation to our securities (19) outcome of current and future litigation  enforcement proceedings  investigations or other regulatory actions  including claims by customers or stakeholders who feel misled or treated unfairly  and other conduct issues (20) changes in tax laws and regulations and risks of non-compliance or investigation in connection with tax laws  including FATCA (21) operational and IT risks  such as system disruptions or failures  breaches of security  cyber-attacks  human error  changes in operational practices or inadequate controls including in respect of third parties with which we do business (22) risks and challenges related to cybercrime including the eﬀects of cyberattacks and changes in legislation and regulation related to cybersecurity and data privacy (23) changes in general competitive factors  including ability to increase or maintain market share (24) inability to protect our intellectual property and infringement claims by third parties (25) inability of counterparties to meet financial obligations or ability to enforce rights against such counterparties (26) changes in credit ratings (27) business  operational  regulatory  reputation  transition and other risks and challenges in connection with climate change and ESG-related matters(28) inability to attract and retain key personnel (29) future liabilities under defined benefit retirement plans (30) failure to manage business risks  including in connection with use of models  use of derivatives  or maintaining appropriate policies and guidelines (31) changes in capital and credit markets  including interbank funding  as well as customer deposits  which provide the liquidity and capital required to fund our operations  and(32) the other risks and uncertainties detailed in the most recent annual report of ING Groep N.V. (including the Risk Factors contained therein) and ING’s more recent disclosures  including press releases  which are available on www.ING.com.This document may contain inactive textual addresses to internet websites operated by us and third parties. Reference to such websites is made for information purposes only  and information found at such websites is not incorporated by reference into this document. ING does not make any representation or warranty with respect to the accuracy or completeness of  or take any responsibility for  any information found at any websites operated by third parties. ING specifically disclaims any liability with respect to any information found at websites operated by third parties. ING cannot guarantee that websites operated by third parties remain available following the publication of this document  or that any information found at such websites will not change following the filing of this document. Many of those factors are beyond ING’s control.Any forward looking statements made by or on behalf of ING speak only as of the date they are made  and ING assumes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements  whether as a result of new information or for any other reason.This document does not constitute an oﬀer to sell  or a solicitation of an oﬀer to purchase  any securities in the United States or any other jurisdictionAttachment,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,negative,0.0,0.22,0.78,True,English,"['share buyback programme', 'New York Stock Exchange', 'S&P Global Ratings', 'prevailing CET1 ratio requirement', 'currency exchange rates', 'Groep N.V.', 'strong European base', 'international response measures', 'interest rate levels', 'state compensation schemes', 'global financial institution', 'Market Abuse Regulation', 'Investor Relations section', 'Frequent news updates', 'ESG material risk', 'ESG index products', 'global economic impact', 'major market participant', 'IMPORTANT LEGAL INFORMATION', 'financial economic crimes', 'wholesale banking services', 'related response measures', 'maximum total amount', 'Group Investor Relations', 'share buyback programme', 'other forward-looking statements', 'general economic conditions', 'share capital', 'financial services', 'market disruption', 'Investor Update', 'pro-forma impact', 'remaining amount', 'general meeting', 'weekly updates', 'Investor enquiries', 'ESG) rating', 'ESG rating', 'financial intermediary', 'financial markets', 'next step', 'third quarter', 'The ECB', 'existing authority', 'discretionary arrangement', 'press release', 'Press enquiries', 'Christoph Linke', 'operating company', 'INGA NA', 'INGA.AS', 'integral part', 'leading position', 'sector benchmarks', 'Environmental, Social', 'major sustainability', 'leading providers', 'FTSE Russell', 'historical facts', 'future expectations', 'current views', 'unknown risks', 'actual results', 'customer behaviour', 'core markets', 'Covid-19 pandemic', 'travel restrictions', 'developing markets', 'fiscal uncertainty', 'United States', 'benchmark’ indices', 'principal markets', 'capital markets', 'counterparty creditworthiness', 'geopolitical risks', 'political instabilities', 'regulatory authoriti', 'ordinary shares', 'Group shares', 'end date', 'tax laws', 'start', 'purpose', 'target', 'June', '44 bps', '3 November', '30 December', 'cash', 'shareholders', '16 January', 'compliance', 'limitations', '25 April', 'progress', 'website', 'Investor-relations', 'Share-information', 'buyback-programme', 'Note', 'editors', 'Newsroom', 'Photos', 'operations', 'buildings', 'executives', 'download', 'Flickr', 'presentations', 'SlideShare', 'Vermeulen', 'PROFILE', 'people', 'life', 'business', '58,000 employees', 'retail', 'customers', '40 countries', 'exchanges', 'Amsterdam', 'Brussels', 'ADRs', 'strategy', 'Governance', 'MSCI', 'September', 'August', 'Sustainalytics', 'management', 'Euronext', 'Morningstar', 'assumptions', 'uncertainties', 'performance', 'events', 'number', 'factors', 'particular', 'regional', 'invasion', 'Russia', 'Ukraine', 'lockdowns', 'counterparties', 'default', 'discontinuation', 'inflation', 'deflation', 'borrower', 'banks', 'scope', 'regulations', 'interpretation', 'application', 'policies', 'actions', '10.']",2022-11-03,2022-11-03,globenewswire.com
12624,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2022/11/03/2547214/0/en/VEON-publishes-Q3-2022-trading-update.html,VEON publishes Q3 2022 trading update,Strong revenue performance gaining market share as countries execute digital operator strategy  Amsterdam  3 November 2022 – VEON Ltd. (NASDAQ: VEON ......,"Strong revenue performance gaining market share as countries execute digital operator strategyAmsterdam  3 November 2022 – VEON Ltd. (NASDAQ: VEON  Euronext Amsterdam: VEON)  a global digital operator that provides converged connectivity and online services  announces a trading update for the third quarter and nine months ended 30 September 2022  including selected financial and operating results:In 3Q22  VEON recorded USD 2 077 million in total revenues  representing +3.6% YoY growth in reported currency (+3.4% YoY in local currency). Service revenues saw a +7.9% YoY increase in reported currency (+7.8% YoY in local currency) and reached USD 1 968 million. EBITDA of USD 889 million was flat YoY both in reported currency (0.0% YoY) and local currency (+0.7% YoY). Capex of USD 404 million was 6.0% higher than in 3Q21  whilst capex intensity was 3.6 p.p. lower than last year (21.6%). Total cash and cash equivalents were USD 3.3 billion  with USD 2.6 billion held at the HQ level.Commenting on the results  Kaan Terzioğlu said:“In the third quarter we demonstrated once again the resilience of VEON Group  as our focus on 4G penetration and the digital operator strategy continued to deliver growth despite unprecedented macroeconomic and geopolitical challenges. This quarter  4G users saw a 15.1% year-over-year increase  reaching 52.7% of our customer base  moving closer to our target of 70% 4G penetration. Growth in subscribers  higher 4G penetration and an expanded portfolio of digital services are driving solid revenue performance across our countries  while inflationary pricing and good cost management have enabled us to withstand tough headwinds  such as rising energy costs  changing tax regimes  natural disasters in Pakistan and the humanitarian crisis in Ukraine.We continue to focus on our core priorities of protecting our people and delivering the essential humanitarian services of communication and connectivity. In line with our commitment to ensuring the long-term stability of the business  we have also further strengthened our liquidity position  with USD 3.3 billion in cash at the end of 3Q22  of which USD 2.6 billion was held at HQ level.“3Q 2022 highlights:Revenue of USD 2 077 million  +3.6% YoY (+3.4% YoY in local currency)Service revenue of 1 968 million  +7.9% YoY (+7.8% YoY in local currency)EBITDA of USD 889 million  0.0% YoY (+0.7% YoY in local currency)Capex of USD 404 million  capex intensity -3.6p.p. YoYNet debt / EBITDA of 2.41x versus 2.51x in 3Q21Total cash and cash equivalents of USD 3.3 billion  with USD 2.6 billion at Headquarters203 million mobile subscribers  up 0.8% YoY107 million 4G users  up 15.1% YoY  with 52.7% penetration of customer baseFor 3Q22  VEON reported revenue growth in both reported and local currency  as well as stronger liquidity  with Group cash and cash equivalents of USD 3.3 billion as of 30 September 2022.Group revenues increased by 3.6% YoY in reported currency terms (+3.4% in local currency). Growth in service revenues  up 7.9% in reported currency terms (+7.8% in local currency)  was a key driver of the Group’s strong revenue performance. Non telecom related revenues in Russia continued to decline and constituted 7.9% of total Group reported revenue in 3Q22 versus 10.4% in 3Q21.In 3Q22  Group EBITDA was flat YoY in reported currency terms (+0.7% in local currency)  with Group EBITDA margin of 42.8% (-1.5 p.p. YoY). To protect the profitability margins of the business  we remain focused on implementing planned cost-efficiency measures across the Group and on implementing inflationary pricing.Group EBITDA YoY performance was impacted by a number of extraordinary non-recurring items in 3Q22 and in 3Q21  as noted in the Country Performance section. Excluding these one-off items  Group EBITDA increased 1.9% YoY in local currency.In 3Q22  we reported growth of 0.8% YoY in our subscriber base. The Group continued to focus on the overall customer experience in our 4G networks.This supported the 15.1% YoY increase in our 4G users  which reached 107.1 million  with 14.1 million users added over the previous 12 months. 4G subscribers now account for 52.7% of our total subscriber base  up 6.5 p.p. from a year ago.On the back of our growing 4G penetration  we have been able to expand our digital operator offerings across our operations. This has driven the growth of our multiplay customer base (+24.5% YoY)  which reached 33.4 million during 3Q22. Multiplay customer ARPU is 4.3 times higher and churn is 2.4 times lower than single play voice-only customers.Our financial services business in Pakistan  JazzCash  ended the quarter with 16.7 million MAUs  an increase of 20.0% YoY. In Bangladesh  our streaming business  Toffee  achieved the 7.0 million MAUs milestone (+11.0% YoY) with 3.3 million average daily users (+55.1% YoY) in 3Q22.Group capex was USD 404 million  driven in particular by increased network investment in Ukraine  Kazakhstan  Bangladesh and Uzbekistan  in line with our growth strategy. At 21.6%  capex intensity continues to decrease (-3.6 p.p. YoY).We closed the quarter with total cash of USD 3.3 billion  including USD 2.6 billion at the HQ level. Our operations are largely self-funding and do not require financing from the HQ to fund their operations  including capex.In Ukraine  the team continued to keep the country connected  with around 90% of our radio network operational at quarter end. However  recent damage to Ukrainian power infrastructure has had an impact on network availability. Kyivstar’s revenues were up 5.2% in local currency (-18.8% YoY in reported currency) as the weakness in the Ukrainian hryvnia negatively impacted reported growth rates. Kyivstar’s 4G customer base grew 4.7% YoY  and our customers consumed more data  with usage rising 29.7% YoY. EBITDA was down 10.7% YoY in local currency (-31.1% in reported currency) in 3Q22. EBITDA performance was impacted by the change in revenue mix impacting margins  operational cost pressures  indexation of frequency fees  and by charitable donations and the staff care program  as Kyivstar continues to support its employees and the community.Russia reported a 3Q22 revenue decrease of 6.1% YoY in local currency (+16.1% YoY in reported currency). Revenue was impacted by a 58.5% decline in equipment revenue due to lower device sales  while the YoY strength of the Russian ruble supported the growth in reported financial performance. 3Q22 mobile service revenue was up 2.1% YoY in local currency  as the continued growth in the 4G customer base drove mobile data revenue higher by 7.5% YoY in local currency. In Russia  EBITDA increased 7.3% in local currency (+32.7% YoY in reported currency). This marks the sixth consecutive quarter of EBITDA YoY growth in local currency.Pakistan revenues increased 12.0% YoY in local currency (-17.1% YoY in reported currency)  driven by strong growth in data revenue  despite the negative impact of the increase in withholding tax from 10% to 15% on 16 January 2022 and the further reduction in mobile termination rates in 2H22. The Jazz team continued to deliver balanced growth in subscriber base (+5.0% YoY) and ARPU (+4.3% YoY) in 3Q22. The weakness in the Pakistani rupee negatively impacted financial performance in reported currency. EBITDA in Pakistan declined 6.8% in local currency (-30.8%YoY in reported currency).In Kazakhstan  revenues increased 23.1% YoY in local currency (+10.3% in reported currency)  another quarter of strong growth supported by further expansion of our mobile customer base (+7.3% YoY)  higher data usage (+18.8% YoY) and inflationary pricing of tariffs. This was the sixth consecutive quarter of local-currency revenue YoY growth in excess of 20%  while Beeline reached 69% 4G penetration in the customer base (+7.0 p.p. YoY). EBITDA increased 9.2% in local currency terms (-2.2% in reported currency).In Bangladesh  Banglalink’s revenues increased 11.6% YoY in local currency (-1.4% YoY in reported currency). This was the second quarter of double-digit local currency revenue growth. Banglalink’s execution of its digital operator strategy  4G focus and nation-wide expansion continues to deliver results  increasing the number of data and  in particular  4G users  driving growth in data consumption. Banglalink demonstrated balanced expansion of its subscriber base (+6.4% YoY) and ARPU (+5.4% YoY) in 3Q22. EBITDA decreased 2.1% in local currency (-13.4% in reported currency).In Uzbekistan  revenues increased 22.4% YoY in local currency (+19.2% in reported currency)  a fifth consecutive quarter of double-digit local-currency revenue growth and a third consecutive quarter of local-currency revenue growth above 20%. This was driven by a 35% YoY expansion in the 4G subscriber base  and a solid increase in data revenues  which were 40.0% higher YoY. EBITDA in Uzbekistan increased 7.9% in local currency (+5.0% in reported currency).Key recent developments:VEON Ltd. announces it is conducting a sales process for its Russian operations . On 2 November 2022  VEON announced that it is conducting a competitive sales process in relation to its Russian operations  while exploring options in an effort to ensure that an optimal outcome is achieved for all relevant stakeholders  including VEON  its Russian operations  its shareholders  its creditors  its customers and its employees working both in and outside of Russia.On 2 November 2022  VEON announced that it is conducting a competitive sales process in relation to its Russian operations  while exploring options in an effort to ensure that an optimal outcome is achieved for all relevant stakeholders  including VEON  its Russian operations  its shareholders  its creditors  its customers and its employees working both in and outside of Russia. VEON appoints Matthieu Galvani as Chief Corporate Affairs Officer . On 17 October 2022  VEON announced the appointment of Matthieu Galvani as Chief Corporate Affairs Officer. Galvani is responsible for VEON’s corporate affairs strategy and public profile  working across all aspects of government relations and communications  as well as leading VEON’s environmental  social and governance initiatives. He reports to VEON Group CEO Kaan Terzioglu and joined the Group Executive Committee.On 17 October 2022  VEON announced the appointment of Matthieu Galvani as Chief Corporate Affairs Officer. Galvani is responsible for VEON’s corporate affairs strategy and public profile  working across all aspects of government relations and communications  as well as leading VEON’s environmental  social and governance initiatives. He reports to VEON Group CEO Kaan Terzioglu and joined the Group Executive Committee. Invitation to holders of 2023 Notes to contact VEON Ltd. On 14 October 2022  VEON announced that it would like to identify beneficial holders of interests in the 5.950% USD-denominated notes due February 2023 and the 7.250% USD-denominated notes due April 2023 of VEON’s subsidiary VEON Holdings B.V. (collectively the “2023 Notes”) with a view to commencing discussions with such holders. Holders of the 2023 Notes were therefore invited to contact VEON Ltd. at their earliest convenience.VEON Ltd. is unable to engage with any holders of 2023 Notes who are designated or otherwise subject to asset freezes or equivalent blocking restrictions under EU  UK  US or other applicable sanctions regimes. Accordingly  such holders should not contact VEON Ltd.NASDAQ grants VEON extension until 3 April 2023 to comply with minimum share price requirement . On 5 October 2022  VEON announced that the Listing Qualifications Department of The Nasdaq Stock Market (""Nasdaq"") had granted VEON an additional 180 calendar day grace period to comply with the minimum share price requirement.On 5 October 2022  VEON announced that the Listing Qualifications Department of The Nasdaq Stock Market (""Nasdaq"") had granted VEON an additional 180 calendar day grace period to comply with the minimum share price requirement. VEON Group CEO share award . On 23 September 2022  VEON announced a share award to Group CEO Kaan Terzioglu. The award of 5 231 771 shares were issued with a grant date of 1 October 2022. The first 1 569 531 shares vested on the grant date of 1 October 2022 and the balance of 3 662 240 shares will vest on 1 September 2023.On 23 September 2022  VEON announced a share award to Group CEO Kaan Terzioglu. The award of 5 231 771 shares were issued with a grant date of 1 October 2022. The first 1 569 531 shares vested on the grant date of 1 October 2022 and the balance of 3 662 240 shares will vest on 1 September 2023. Kyivstar invests in Helsi  sets out to provide digital health services for Ukraine . On 16 August 2022  VEON announced that its subsidiary in Ukraine  Kyivstar  plans to launch a national digital health service that will be available to all Ukrainians as part of the country’s Digital Ukraine strategy. Kyivstar invested in Helsi Ukraine  the country’s largest medical information system and leading digital healthcare providers.On 16 August 2022  VEON announced that its subsidiary in Ukraine  Kyivstar  plans to launch a national digital health service that will be available to all Ukrainians as part of the country’s Digital Ukraine strategy. Kyivstar invested in Helsi Ukraine  the country’s largest medical information system and leading digital healthcare providers. VEON completes the sale of Djezzy  receiving USD 682 million. On 5 August 2022  VEON announced that it had received approximately USD 682 million following the completion of the sale of its stake in Djezzy Algeria. This transaction follows VEON’s previously announced strategy to streamline its portfolio.Additional informationView the full 3Q22 trading updateView 3Q22 trading update presentationAbout VEONVEON is a global digital operator that provides converged connectivity and online services to over 200 million customers in seven high-growth markets. We are transforming people’s lives  empowering individuals  creating opportunities for greater digital inclusion and driving economic growth across countries that are home to more than 8% of the world’s population. Headquartered in Amsterdam  VEON is listed on NASDAQ and Euronext.For more information visit: https://www.veon.com .Notice to reader: impact of conflictThe ongoing conflict between Russia and Ukraine and the sanctions imposed by the United States  member states of the European Union  the European Union itself  the United Kingdom  Ukraine and certain other nations  counter-sanctions by Russia and other legal and regulatory responses  as well as responses by our service providers  partners  suppliers and other counterparties  and the consequences of all of the foregoing have impacted and  if the conflict  sanctions and such responses continue or escalate  may significantly impact our results and aspects of our operations in Russia and Ukraine  and may significantly affect our results and aspects of our operations in the other countries in which we operate. We are closely monitoring events in Russia and Ukraine  as well as the possibility of the imposition of further sanctions in connection with the ongoing conflict between Russia and Ukraine and any resulting further rise in tensions between Russia and the United States  the United Kingdom and/or the European Union. We hope that there will be a peaceful and amicable resolution and are doing everything we can to protect the safety of our employees  while continuing to ensure the uninterrupted operation of our communications  financial and digital services.The broad nature of the financial sanctions targeted at the Russian financial system  including several banks that have historically provided funding to the Company  the comprehensive sanctions on investment and vendors in Russia and the ongoing conflict between Russia and Ukraine may have a material impact on the Company’s operations and business plans in Russia and Ukraine. Over the next few months  we will be undertaking our annual assessment as required by IFRS to determine the potential need for further impairment charges  which is not as of yet determinable due to a number of factors  including the fluidity of the current situation and our ability to obtain relevant data required to build a business plan given the ongoing conflict and associated uncertainties. We may report significant impairment charges with respect to assets in Ukraine  Russia and/or other operating companies for the nine-months ended 30 September 2022. However  we are still gathering the necessary data and we are not able at this time to estimate the amount or range of this potential impairment charge to the income statement. Such an impairment charge  if any  would have no impact on the Company’s cash flow. It is possible further impairment charges may rise to such a level on an accounting basis as to require additional analysis of true asset values in order to determine the true value of assets to be compared to liabilities as outlined in the provisions of our debt agreements.DisclaimerVEON’s results presented in this trading update are  unless otherwise stated  based on IFRS and have not been externally reviewed and audited. The financial information included in this trading update is preliminary and is based on a number of assumptions that are subject to inherent uncertainties and subject to change. The financial information presented herein is based on internal management accounts  is the responsibility of management and is subject to financial closing procedures which have not yet been completed and has not been audited  reviewed or verified. Certain amounts and percentages that appear in this trading update have been subject to rounding adjustments. As a result  certain numerical figures shown as totals  including those in the tables  may not be an exact arithmetic aggregation of the figures that precede or follow them. Although we believe the information to be reasonable  actual results may vary from the information contained above and such variations could be material. As such  you should not place undue reliance on this information. This information may not be indicative of the actual results for the current period or any future period.This trading update contains “forward-looking statements”  as the phrase is defined in Section 27A of the U.S. Securities Act of 1933  as amended  and Section 21E of the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934  as amended. These forward-looking statements may be identified by words such as “may ” “might ” “will ” “could ” “would ” “should ” “expect ” “plan ” “anticipate ” “intend ” “seek ” “believe ” “estimate ” “predict ” “potential ” “continue ” “contemplate ” “possible” and other similar words. Forward-looking statements include statements relating to  among other things  VEON’s plans to implement its strategic priorities  including operating model and development plans; anticipated performance  including VEON’s ability to generate sufficient cash flow; VEON’s assessment of the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on its current and future operations and financial condition; VEON’s assessment of the impact of the conflict surrounding Russia and Ukraine  including related sanctions and counter-sanctions  on its current and future operations and financial condition; future market developments and trends; operational and network development and network investment  including expectations regarding the roll-out and benefits of 3G/4G/LTE networks  as applicable; spectrum acquisitions and renewals; the effect of the acquisition of additional spectrum on customer experience; VEON’s ability to realize the acquisition and disposition of any of its businesses and assets and to execute its strategic transactions in the timeframes anticipated  or at all; VEON’s ability to realize financial improvements  including an expected reduction of net pro-forma leverage ratio following the successful completion of certain dispositions and acquisitions; our dividends; VEON’s intent to proceed with and conclude a sales process with respect to its Russian operations; and VEON’s ability to realize its targets and commercial initiatives in its various countries of operation.The forward-looking statements included in this trading update are based on management’s best assessment of VEON’s strategic and financial position and of future market conditions  trends and other potential developments. These discussions involve risks and uncertainties. The actual outcome may differ materially from these statements as a result of  among other things: further escalation in the conflict surrounding Russia and Ukraine  including further sanctions and counter-sanctions and any related involuntary deconsolidation of our Russian and/or Ukrainian operations; further unanticipated developments related to the COVID-19 pandemic  such as the effect on consumer spending  that has negatively affected VEON’s operations and financial condition in the past; demand for and market acceptance of VEON’s products and services; our plans regarding our dividend payments and policies  as well as our ability to receive dividends  distributions  loans  transfers or other payments or guarantees from our subsidiaries; continued volatility in the economies in VEON’s markets; governmental regulation of the telecommunications industries; general political uncertainties in VEON’s markets; government investigations or other regulatory actions; litigation or disputes with third parties or regulatory authorities or other negative developments regarding such parties; the impact of export controls and laws affecting trade and investment on our and important third-party suppliers' ability to procure goods  software or technology necessary for the services we provide to our customers; risks associated with data protection or cyber security  other risks beyond the parties’ control or a failure to meet expectations regarding various strategic priorities  the effect of foreign currency fluctuations  increased competition in the markets in which VEON operates and the effect of consumer taxes on the purchasing activities of consumers of VEON’s services.Certain other factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those discussed in any forward-looking statements include the risk factors described in VEON’s Annual Report on Form 20-F for the year ended 31 December 2021 filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”) on 29 April 2022 and other public filings made from time to time by VEON with the SEC. Other unknown or unpredictable factors also could harm our future results. New risk factors and uncertainties emerge from time to time and it is not possible for our management to predict all risk factors and uncertainties  nor can we assess the impact of all factors on our business or the extent to which any factor  or combination of factors  may cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking statements. Under no circumstances should the inclusion of such forward-looking statements in this press release be regarded as a representation or warranty by us or any other person with respect to the achievement of results set out in such statements or that the underlying assumptions used will in fact be the case. Therefore  you are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements. The forward-looking statements speak only as of the date hereof. We cannot assure you that any projected results or events will be achieved. Except to the extent required by law  we disclaim any obligation to update or revise any of these forward-looking statements  whether as a result of new information  future events or otherwise  after the date on which the statements are made  or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events.There can be no assurance that the sales process mentioned above will result in an acceptable offer or  even if an acceptable offer is obtained and results in an acquisition agreement being reached  that the requisite approvals will be received.As of today  VEON has not committed to anything with regards to its Russian operations  nor can it be certain that any of the options that may be considered will be completed  or the terms of any such option or potential sale would receive required Board  regulatory and any necessary creditor approvals.Furthermore  elements of this release contain or may contain  “inside information” as defined under the Market Abuse Regulation (EU) No. 596/2014.Contact InformationVEONInvestor RelationsNik Kershawir@veon.com",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.54,0.22,0.25,True,English,"['Q3 2022 trading update', 'VEON', 'single play voice-only customers', 'Non telecom related revenues', '3.3 million average daily users', 'Country Performance section', 'Kaan Terzioğlu', 'good cost management', 'rising energy costs', 'Group EBITDA YoY performance', 'global digital operator', 'digital operator offerings', 'extraordinary non-recurring items', 'digital operator strategy', 'overall customer experience', 'Strong revenue performance', 'solid revenue performance', '7.0 million MAUs milestone', 'essential humanitarian services', '203 million mobile subscribers', '107 million 4G users', 'higher 4G penetration', 'growing 4G penetration', 'multiplay customer base', 'total subscriber base', 'Group EBITDA margin', 'financial services business', '14.1 million users', '16.7 million MAUs', 'digital services', 'total revenues', '70% 4G penetration', 'online services', 'humanitarian crisis', 'one-off items', 'Group revenues', 'Service revenues', '4G networks', '4G subscribers', 'total Group', 'The Group', 'Total cash', 'growth strategy', 'market share', 'trading update', 'nine months', 'last year', 'HQ level', 'unprecedented macroeconomic', 'geopolitical challenges', 'expanded portfolio', 'inflationary pricing', 'tough headwinds', 'tax regimes', 'natural disasters', 'core priorities', 'long-term stability', 'liquidity position', '3Q 2022 highlights', 'Net debt', 'stronger liquidity', 'key driver', 'profitability margins', 'cost-efficiency measures', 'previous 12 months', 'network investment', 'Group cash', 'cash equivalents', 'local currency', 'currency terms', 'year increase', 'streaming business', 'Group capex', 'third quarter', 'capex intensity', 'revenue growth', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'converged connectivity', 'operating results', '+7.9% YoY increase', 'VEON Group', '15.1% YoY increase', 'VEON Ltd', '+3.6% YoY growth', '52.7% penetration', '0.8% YoY', 'countries', 'NASDAQ', '3Q22', '3Q21', 'USD', 'resilience', 'focus', 'target', 'Pakistan', 'Ukraine', 'people', 'communication', 'commitment', 'end', 'Headquarters', '30 September', 'Russia', 'number', 'back', 'operations', 'ARPU', 'JazzCash', 'Bangladesh', 'Toffee', 'Kazakhstan']",2022-11-03,2022-11-03,globenewswire.com
12625,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2022/11/03/2548369/0/en/DBV-Technologies-Reports-Third-Quarter-Financial-Results-and-Business-Update.html,DBV Technologies Reports Third Quarter Financial Results and Business Update,Montrouge  France  November 3  2022  DBV Technologies Reports Third Quarter Financial Results and Business Update  DBV closes Q3 with a cash balance of......,"English FrenchMontrouge  France  November 3  2022DBV Technologies Reports Third Quarter Financial Results and Business UpdateDBV closes Q3 with a cash balance of $213MDBV continues to practice budget discipline measures; cash used in operating activities decreased more than 35% between the nine months ended September 30  2021  and 2022DBV continues to engage with the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) regarding the partial clinical hold on the VITESSE Phase 3 clinical studyDBV Technologies (Euronext: DBV – ISIN: FR0010417345 – Nasdaq Stock Market: DBVT)  a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company  today reported financial results for the third quarter of 2022. The quarterly financial statements were approved by the Board of Directors on November 3  2022. The Company also announced recent business updates concerning the VITESSE ( V iaskin Peanut I mmunotherapy T rial to E valuate S afety  S implicity and E fficacy) Phase 3 study.DBV continues to engage with the FDA to address the feedback provided in the partial clinical hold letter and to finalize the VITESSE Phase 3 study protocol in children ages 4 to 7 years with a confirmed peanut allergy. The Company reports that progress has been made to address key elements of the partial clinical hold letter  but it will not meet the targeted first patient screened by year-end 2022. In parallel  DBV continues internal preparations for VITESSE and is conducting certain site assessment and start-up activities for prompt study launch once the partial clinical hold is lifted.It is currently premature to assess the impact of the partial clinical hold letter on other previously announced milestones related to the VITESSE Phase 3 study. DBV will communicate additional updates publicly as appropriate  including once the partial clinical hold has been lifted. The Company plans to host a conference call following that announcement.VITESSE is a Phase 3  double-blind  placebo-controlled  randomized study to assess the efficacy and safety of epicutaneous immunotherapy with the modified Viaskin™ Peanut 250 µg patch in peanut-allergic children ages 4 to 7 years.Financial Highlights for the Third Quarter and the Nine Months Ended September 30  20221Cash and Cash EquivalentsNine months ended September 30  2022 2021 (in thousands $) Net (decrease) / increase in cash and cash equivalents $ 135 369 $ (98 157) Net cash flow used in operating activities $ (31 781) (89 452) Net cash flows used in investing activities (66) 41 Net cash flows provided by financing activities 194 403 (103) Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents (27 186) (8 643) Net cash and cash equivalents at the end of the period $ 212 670 $ 98 195Cash and cash equivalents were $212.7 million  as of September 30  2022  compared to $77.3 million as of December 31  2021  and $98.2 million as of September 30  2021. The net increase of $135.4 million for the nine months ended September 30  2022  was mostly comprised of a $194.7 million net cash flow received from the ATM Offering in May 2022 for $14.1 million; net of transaction costs and PIPE Offering in June 2022 for $180.6 million; net of transaction costs as well as a $26.4 million cash flow received following the reimbursement of the 2019  2020 and 2021 Research Tax Credit (French Crédit Impôt Recherche  or CIR) offset by a $(58.2) million cash utilization in operating activities; and the effect of exchange rates on cash and cash equivalents for $(27.2) million.Excluding the effect of reimbursement of the Research Tax Credit  the cash used in operating activities decreased by 35% between the nine months ended September 30  2021 and September 30  2022  respectively  reflecting the Company’s continued implementation of budget discipline measures.Operating Income is primarily generated from DBV’s Research Tax Credit (French Crédit Impôt Recherche  or CIR) and from revenue recognized by DBV under its collaboration agreement with Nestlé Health Science. Operating income was $6.1 million for the nine months ended September 30  2022  compared to $2.8 million for the nine months ended September 30  2021. The variation in operating income is primarily attributable to the revision of the revenue recognized under Nestlé’s collaboration agreement conducted as part of the existing contract  as the Company updated the measurement of progress of its Phase 2 APTITUDE milk-diagnostic tool clinical study.Operating ExpensesU.S. GAAPThree months ended September 30  U.S. GAAPNine months endedSeptember 30  ($ in thousands) 2022 2021 2022 2021 Operating expenses: Research and development $ (15 096) $ (16 320) $ (45 930) $ (58 663) Sales and marketing (159) (1 072) (1 659) (2 999) General and administrative (4 839) (8 299) (17 173) (26 250) Total operating expenses $ (20 094) $ (25 691) $ (64 762) $ (87 912)Operating Expenses for the three months ended September 30  2022  were $(20.1) million  compared to $(25.7) million for the three months ended September 30  2021  or -22%. For the nine months ended September 30  2022  operating expenses were $(64.8) million compared to $(87.9) million for the nine months ended September 30  2021  or -26%. DBV has continued to practice financial diligence and implemented further cost containment strategies to support its clinical trial objectives.Employee-related costs decreased by $6.1 million  from $23.1 million for the nine months ended September 30  2021  to $17.0 million for the nine months ended September 30  2022 – a 26% decrease  compared to a 24% decrease of the average number of headcounts between the two periods (85 and 105 full-time equivalent employees for the nine months ended September 30  2022  and 2021  respectively). As of September 30  2022  DBV had 83 employees.Net Loss and Net Loss Per ShareU.S. GAAPThree months endedSeptember 30  U.S. GAAPNine months endedSeptember 30  2022 2021 2022 2021 Net (loss) ($ in thousands) $ (17 287) $ (24 033) $ (57 033) $ (84 136) Basic / diluted net loss per share ($/share) $ (0.18) $ (0.44) $ (0.79) $ (1.53)For the three and nine months ended September 30  2022  net loss was $(17.3) million and $(57.0) million  respectively  compared to a net loss of $(24.0) million and $(84.1) million  respectively  for the comparable periods in 2021. On a per share basis  net loss (based on the weighted average number of shares outstanding over the period) was $(0.18) and $(0.79) for the three and nine months ended September 30  2022  respectively.Conference Call InformationDBV will host a conference call and live audio webcast on Thursday  November 3  2022  at 5:00 p.m. ET to report third quarter 2022 financial results and provide a business update.This call is accessible via the below teleconferencing numbers  followed by the reference ID: 94309191#United States: 866 374 5140Canada: 866 455 3403United Kingdom: 808 238 9813France: 805 102 712A live webcast of the call will be available on the Investors & Media section of the Company’s website: https://www.dbv-technologies.com/investor-relations/. A replay of the presentation will also be available on DBV’s website after the event.CONDENSED STATEMENT OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL POSITION2 (unaudited)($ in thousands)U.S. GAAPSeptember 30  U.S. GAAPDecember 31  2022 2021 (in thousands $) Assets $ 248 117 $ 146 723 of which cash and cash equivalents 212 670 77 301 Liabilities 36 065 47 449 Shareholders’ equity $ 212 052 $ 99 274 of which net result (57 033) (97 809)CONDENSED STATEMENT OF CONSOLIDATED OPERATIONS AND COMPREHENSIVE LOSS1 (unaudited)($ in thousands  except per share data)U.S. GAAPThree months ended September 30  U.S. GAAPNine months ended September 30  2022 2021 2022 2021 Revenue $ 2 074 $ 1 323 $ 6 148 $ 2 776 Operating expenses : Research and development expenses (15 096) (16 320) (45 930) (58 663) Sales and marketing expenses (159) (1 072) (1 659) (2 999) General and administrative expenses (4 839) (8 299) (17 173) (26 250) Total Operating expenses (20 094) (25 691) (64 762) (87 912) Financial income 732 336 1 668 597 Income tax - - (87) 404 Net (loss) $ (17 287) $ (24 033) $ (57 033) $ (84 136) Basic/diluted Net loss per share attributable to shareholders $ (0.18) $ (0.44) $ (0.79) $ (1.53)CONDENSED STATEMENT OF CONSOLIDATED CASH FLOW3 (unaudited)($ in thousands)U.S. GAAPNine months ended September 30  2022 2021 Net cash flow used in operating activities $ (31 781) (89 452) Net cash flows used in (provided by) investing activities (66) 41 Net cash flows provided by financing activities 194 403 (103) Net (decrease) / increase in cash and cash equivalents $ 162 556 $ (89 514) Net cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of the period 77 301 196 352 Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents (27 186) (8 643) Net cash and cash equivalents at the end of the period $ 212 670 $ 98 195About DBV TechnologiesDBV Technologies is developing Viaskin™  an investigational proprietary technology platform with broad potential applications in immunotherapy. Viaskin is based on epicutaneous immunotherapy  or EPIT™  and is DBV Technologies’ method of delivering biologically active compounds to the immune system through intact skin. With this new class of non-invasive product candidates  the Company is dedicated to safely transforming the care of food allergic patients. DBV Technologies’ food allergies programs include ongoing clinical trials of Viaskin Peanut. DBV Technologies has global headquarters in Montrouge  France  and North American operations in Basking Ridge  NJ. The Company’s ordinary shares are traded on segment B of Euronext Paris (Ticker: DBV  ISIN code: FR0010417345) and the Company’s ADSs (each representing one-half of one ordinary share) are traded on the Nasdaq Global Select Market (Ticker: DBVT).Forward Looking StatementsThis press release may contain forward-looking statements and estimates  including statements regarding DBV’s forecast of its cash runway  designs of DBV’s anticipated clinical trials  DBV’s planned regulatory and clinical efforts including timing and results of communications with regulatory agencies  the ability of any of DBV’s product candidates  if approved  to improve the lives of patients with food allergies  and the outcome of any litigation. These forward-looking statements and estimates are not promises or guarantees and involve substantial risks and uncertainties. At this stage  DBV’s product candidates have not been authorized for sale in any country. Among the factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those described or projected herein include uncertainties associated generally with research and development  clinical trials and related regulatory reviews and approvals  including the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic  and DBV’s ability to successfully execute on its budget discipline measures. A further list and description of risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those set forth in the forward-looking statements in this press release can be found in DBV’s regulatory filings with the French Autorité des Marchés Financiers (“AMF”)  DBV’s filings and reports with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”)  including in DBV’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31  2021  filed with the SEC on March 9  2022  and future filings and reports made with the AMF and SEC by DBV. Existing and prospective investors are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements and estimates  which speak only as of the date hereof. Other than as required by applicable law  DBV Technologies undertakes no obligation to update or revise the information contained in this Press Release.Investor ContactAnne PollakDBV Technologies+1 857-529-2363anne.pollak@dbv-technologies.comMedia ContactAngela MarcucciDBV Technologies+1 646-842-2393angela.marcucci@dbv-technologies.comViaskin and EPIT are trademarks of DBV Technologies.1 The Company’s unaudited consolidated financial statements for the nine months ended September 30  2022  are prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the U.S. (""U.S. GAAP"").2 Unaudited financial statements prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the U.S. (""U.S. GAAP"").3 Unaudited financial statements prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the U.S. (""U.S. GAAP"").Attachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.96,0.03,True,English,"['Third Quarter Financial Results', 'DBV Technologies', 'Business Update', 'V iaskin Peanut I mmunotherapy T rial', 'French Crédit Impôt Recherche', 'Phase 2 APTITUDE milk-diagnostic tool clinical study', 'Phase 3, double-blind, placebo-controlled, randomized study', 'Viaskin™ Peanut 250 µg patch', 'partial clinical hold letter', 'VITESSE Phase 3 study protocol', 'VITESSE Phase 3 clinical study', 'Third Quarter Financial Results', '$194.7 million net cash flow', 'budget discipline measures', 'Nasdaq Stock Market', 'U.S. Food', 'quarterly financial statements', 'U.S. GAAP', '$26.4 million cash flow', 'exchange rate changes', '2021 Research Tax Credit', '$(58.2) million cash utilization', 'recent business updates', 'Nestlé Health Science', 'clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company', 'Net cash flows', 'Total operating expenses', 'English French', 'peanut allergy', 'prompt study', 'S afety', 'Financial Highlights', 'additional updates', 'exchange rates', 'operating activities', 'Operating Income', 'cash balance', 'Drug Administration', 'E fficacy', 'key elements', 'first patient', 'internal preparations', 'site assessment', 'start-up activities', 'conference call', 'epicutaneous immunotherapy', 'Cash Equivalents', 'investing activities', 'financing activities', 'ATM Offering', 'transaction costs', 'PIPE Offering', 'continued implementation', 'collaboration agreement', 'existing contract', 'nine months', 'three months', 'net increase', 'peanut-allergic children', '4 to 7 years', 'The Company', 'DBV Technologies', 'Montrouge', 'France', 'Q3', 'FDA', 'Euronext', 'ISIN', 'DBVT', 'Board', 'Directors', 'November', 'feedback', 'ages', 'progress', 'year-end', 'parallel', 'impact', 'milestones', 'announcement', 'efficacy', 'safety', 'thousands', 'decrease', 'period', 'September', 'December', 'May', 'June', 'reimbursement', 'CIR', 'effect', 'revenue', 'variation', 'revision', 'measurement', 'development', 'Sales', 'marketing', 'General', 'administrative', '2019']",2022-11-03,2022-11-03,globenewswire.com
12626,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2022/11/03/2547197/0/en/VGP-Trading-Update-Solid-Growth-Record-Deliveries-and-Occupancy-Rate-Boost-Recurring-Rental-Income.html,VGP Trading Update: Solid Growth  Record Deliveries and Occupancy Rate Boost Recurring Rental Income,3 November 2022  7:00 am  Antwerp  Belgium: VGP NV (‘VGP’ or ‘the Group’) today published its trading update for the first ten months of 2022  in which  against a background of volatile macro-economic and geopolitical uncertainties VGP recorded a robust opera…,English Dutch3 November 2022  7:00 am  Antwerp  Belgium: VGP NV (‘VGP’ or ‘the Group’) today published its trading update for the first ten months of 2022  in which  against a background of volatile macro-economic and geopolitical uncertainties VGP recorded a robust operating performance:€53.1 million of new and renewed leases signed year-to-date (of which €21.3 million during the past 4 months) bringing the annualised committed leases for the year to date to € 291.0 million 1 (+ €34.9 million compared to 31 December 2021) (+13.6% YTD and +21.0% y-o-y)signed year-to-date (of which €21.3 million during the past 4 months) bringing the for the year to date to (+ €34.9 million compared to 31 December 2021) (+13.6% YTD and +21.0% y-o-y) Property portfolio 2 virtually fully let with occupancy at 99.6% as of 31 October 2022 (compared to 99.4 % as at 31 December 2021)virtually fully let with as of 31 October 2022 (compared to 99.4 % as at 31 December 2021) Based on the current inflation  we expect our already income generating rent roll to grow by 7% ( € 17 million ² ) through indexation alone in 2023in 2023 37 projects under construction representing 1 253 000 m² (of which 16 projects totalling 346 000 m² started up during the year) and € 82.8 million in additional annual rent once fully built and let. These buildings under construction are 93.7% pre-letrepresenting 1 253 000 m² (of which 16 projects totalling 346 000 m² started up during the year) and once fully built and let. These buildings under construction are 28 projects delivered during the year representing 576 000 m²  or € 31 million in additional annual rent (of which 11 projects totalling 240 000 m² delivered during the 2H 2022) and a further 460 000 m² estimated for delivery in the remainder of 2022during the year representing 576 000 m²  or € 31 million in additional annual rent (of which 11 projects totalling 240 000 m² delivered during the 2H 2022) and a further 460 000 m² estimated for delivery in the remainder of 2022 P hotovoltaic capacity grew exponentially y-o-y to 120.9MWp operational or under construction and with a further 67.9MWp being planned. Once built  the significant photovoltaic roll-out – which is already generating €3.7 million revenues YTD – will match our 2021 tenant electricity consumption. This contributed to the three star GRESB developer rating and elevated the portfolio compliance on the Paris-aligned 1.5 - degree decar bonisation pathway until the year 2045 which moves us significantly closer to a 1.5-degree ready portfolio under CRREMto 120.9MWp operational or under construction and with a further 67.9MWp being planned. Once built  the significant photovoltaic roll-out – which is already generating €3.7 million revenues YTD – will match our 2021 tenant electricity consumption. This contributed to the and elevated the which moves us significantly closer to a 1.5-degree ready portfolio under CRREM Continuing strong relationship with Allianz Real Estate evidenced by:(i) Second closing of VGP Park München joint venture with Allianz Real Estate on track for December 2022 with proceeds of circa €70 million to be expected;(ii) Including the upcoming closing for VGP Park München the total JV closing in 2022 will amount to an annual record of more than €800 million;(iii) Additional closing expected in Q1 2023 with the First Joint Venture for a total GAV of more than € 100 million. The transaction is currently under due diligence;(iv) Profit distribution from the joint ventures gaining momentum with profit distribution year to date totalling €28.2 million with a further ca. €30 million profit distribution to be received during November 20221 925 000 m² of new development land acquired during the year (of which 378 000 m² during 2H 2022) and 696 000 m² of development land deployed during the year to support the new developments started up during the year. Total secured development land bank stand at 10 683 000 m² at the end of October 2022 representing a development potential of circa 5 million m²VGP’s Chief Executive Officer  Jan Van Geet: “VGP is having a very solid year in terms of growth and cash generation and an absolute record year in terms of completions of long-let projects to our clients: now these rents turn effective this generates a significant boost in our recurring revenue.”Jan Van Geet added: “These record deliveries have made evident once again that VGP's DNA is of course closely linked to the constant development of new projects. As we look forward  we see a significant need for high quality new developments  driven by many factors  as the world of tomorrow is one of sustainability and efficiency driven by smart technologies and artificial intelligence. I believe that we have only seen a fraction of the efficiency potential yet  more innovations to optimise energy and operational efficiency are inevitably going to transform our industry in the years ahead of us. I do believe that our team is well set-up to deliver those highly complex  tailor-made  and sustainable solutions to the highest quality matching future customer needs  and above all that it is set-up to do that in all the countries we are active in in a consistent way. This is critical as our long-term development activities will always be driven by our ability to meet such client demand and our profitability looking forward.”Jan Van Geet concluded: “It is equally important to point out to the fact that  as an economy does not develop in a linear way we have  besides the developer gains  always built different sources of recurring income – besides rental income and income from our renewable energy sources also facility and property management fees and asset management fees. These recurrent income streams  boosted by the record delivery of buildings over the past years are now becoming a substantial part of our income and give us ample room to pay out dividends in the future and strengthen substantially VGP’s balance sheet on a standalone basis. Indeed  we have always deliberately chosen to keep recurring income from our assets partly on our balance sheet ourselves  partly through JVs we manage. Furthermore as a result  combined with the existing cash on balance sheet  undrawn RCFs and planned Munich joint venture closing we have enough means available to cover our commitments well beyond 2023.”OPERATING HIGHLIGHTS – 10M 2022Lease activities and resilienceSigned and renewed rental income of €53.1 million driven by 721 000 m 2 of new lease agreements signed (corresponding to €40.3 million of new annualised rental income 3 )  combined with 241 000 m 2 of lease agreements renewed (corresponding to €12.7 million of annualised rental income 4 ) and €3.7 million of indexation.of new lease agreements signed (corresponding to €40.3 million of new annualised rental income )  combined with 241 000 m of lease agreements renewed (corresponding to €12.7 million of annualised rental income ) and €3.7 million of indexation. Of the signed rent agreements in 2022 over half the committed rent comes from Logistics (53%) (of which 40% is general logistics  13% is non-food retail logistics and 1% is food-retail logistics)  followed by E-commerce (21%) and Light industrial (15%) (of which 4% is automotive related industry) and 10% is defined in another category.Germany was the main driver of the growth in committed leases with €17.4 million (40%) of new leases 5 signed during the year (of which € 5.8 million on behalf of the Joint Ventures 6 ). The other countries also performed very well: new leases being signed in Romania +€ 4.3 million (10%) (€0.3 million on behalf of JV portfolio)  Spain +€4.0 million (9%) (€2.6 million on behalf of JV portfolio)  Netherlands +€3.9 million (9%) (€3.4 million on behalf of the JV portfolio)  Slovakia +€3.6 million (9 %) (€0.9 million on behalf of JV portfolio)  Czech Republic +€ 3.4 million (8%) (€2.5 million on behalf of JV portfolio)  Hungary +€2.8 million (6%) (€0.1 million on behalf of JV portfolio)  Austria +€2.4 million (5%) (€0.1 million on behalf of JV portfolio)  Latvia +€0.7 million (2%) (own portfolio)  Italy +€1.0 million (2%) (€0.4 million on behalf of JV portfolio) and Portugal +€0.6 million (1%) (own portfolio).signed during the year (of which € 5.8 million on behalf of the Joint Ventures ). The other countries also performed very well: new leases being signed in Romania +€ 4.3 million (10%) (€0.3 million on behalf of JV portfolio)  Spain +€4.0 million (9%) (€2.6 million on behalf of JV portfolio)  Netherlands +€3.9 million (9%) (€3.4 million on behalf of the JV portfolio)  Slovakia +€3.6 million (9 %) (€0.9 million on behalf of JV portfolio)  Czech Republic +€ 3.4 million (8%) (€2.5 million on behalf of JV portfolio)  Hungary +€2.8 million (6%) (€0.1 million on behalf of JV portfolio)  Austria +€2.4 million (5%) (€0.1 million on behalf of JV portfolio)  Latvia +€0.7 million (2%) (own portfolio)  Italy +€1.0 million (2%) (€0.4 million on behalf of JV portfolio) and Portugal +€0.6 million (1%) (own portfolio). Terminations represented a total of €9.1 million or 170 000 m 2 (of which 118 000 m 2 within the Joint Ventures’ portfolio). VGP has been able to release premisses so far at overall higher rental prices. As an example  in Germany  VGP’s largest market  VGP was able to increase as such its average rental price per square meter by 15%.(of which 118 000 m within the Joint Ventures’ portfolio). VGP has been able to release premisses so far at overall higher rental prices. As an example  in Germany  VGP’s largest market  VGP was able to increase as such its average rental price per square meter by 15%. The total signed lease agreements increased to €291.0 million annualised committed rental income (equivalent to circa 5.0 million m 2 of lettable area) from €256.1 million as of 31 December 2021. A 13.6% increase year-to-date.of lettable area) from €256.1 million as of 31 December 2021. A 13.6% increase year-to-date. The signed committed lease agreements of the own portfolio represent a total of 2 038 000 m² of lettable area (€116.5 million of annualised committed leases) with the weighted average term of the annualised committed leases standing at 9.8 years 7 as at the end of October 2022.as at the end of October 2022. The signed committed lease agreements of the Joint Ventures’ portfolio represent a total of 2 971 000 m² of lettable area (€174.5 million of annualised committed leases) with the weighted average term of the annualised committed leases standing at 7.3 years 8 as at the end of October 2022.as at the end of October 2022. The weighted average term of the annualised leases of the combined own and Joint Ventures’ portfolio stood at 8.3 years 9 at the end of October 2022 compared to 8.6 years at the end of December 2021.at the end of October 2022 compared to 8.6 years at the end of December 2021. The Annualised Committed Leases are composed of €207.7 million lease agreements which have already become effective as of 31 October 2022 and €83.3 million signed lease agreements which will become effective in the future. The breakdown as to when the Annualised Committed Leases will become effective is as follows:In Million EUR Current <1 year 1-2 years 2-3 years >3 years Total Own 64.1 44.2 5.7 0.6 1.9 116.5 Joint Ventures at 100% 143.6 30.9 0.0 0.0 0.0 174.5 Total 207.7 75.1 5.7 0.6 1.9 291.0Virtually all lease agreements include indexation clauses  of which the majority are uncapped  making the property portfolio well protected against inflation. Most of the existing leases are indexed in the first months of the year with the year-to-date indexation totalling €3.7 million of rent equivalent. It is expected that this amount will rapidly ramp up when the current high inflation levels will be charged through to tenants during the first half of 2023.Based on the lease agreements becoming effective in 2023  for every 5% of inflation 4% will be passed on as indexation through increase of rent. Assuming a 10% inflation rate  rent would be increased by 7% during the same year (8% rent increase in respect of the own portfolio and 7% in respect of the Joint Ventures’ portfolio).Development activitiesDuring the second half of 2022  VGP completed another 11 buildings representing 240 000 m² of lettable area  i.e.: in the Czech Republic: one building of 29 500 m² in VGP Park Hradek nad Nisou  one building of 15 800 m² in VGP Park Kladno  and one building of 5 500 m² in VGP Park Chomutov; in Germany: one building of 67 200 m² in VGP Park Laatzen and one building of 20 400 m² in VGP Park Rostock; in Spain: one building of 29 600 m² in VGP Park Sevilla Dos Hermanas and two buildings totalling 34 800 m² in VGP Park Zaragoza; in the other countries  one building of 10 700 m² in VGP Park Budapest Aerozone (Hungary)  one building of 18 300 m² in VGP Park Bratislava (Slovakia)  and finally one building of 8 200 m² in VGP Park Graz 2 (Austria).This brings the total of delivered projects for the first ten months of 2022 to 28 projects  adding 576 000 m 2 of lettable area representing €31.6 million of annualized leases and which are 99.3% let.of lettable area representing €31.6 million of annualized leases and which are 99.3% let. 16 new projects have started up in the course of 2022 which represent 316 000 m 2 of future lettable area representing €23.3 million of annualised leases once fully built and let.of future lettable area representing €23.3 million of annualised leases once fully built and let. A total of 39 projects under construction at the end of October 2022 which will add 1 253 000 m 2 of future lettable area representing €82.8 million of annualised leases once fully built and let (93.7% pre-let).of future lettable area representing €82.8 million of annualised leases once fully built and let (93.7% pre-let). Geographical split of parks under construction  based on square meters: 57% are located in Germany (17% attributable to VGP Park München and 40% to other projects in Germany)  11% in Romania  8% in Hungary  6% in the Netherlands  6% in Latvia  5% in the Czech Republic  2% in Spain  2% in Slovakia  2% in Portugal and 1% in Austria.VGP continues to focus on maintaining its development margins by reviewing any new and existing developments against their respective² targeted yield on costs10. Reflective of current market dynamics  the targeted average yield on costs are well above 7% for Western Europe  above 7.5% for Southern Europe and above 8% for Central and East Europe11.Land bankDuring the second half of 2022  VGP expanded its land bank further and as at 31 October 2022  the Group (including the Joint Ventures at 100%) has a remaining development land bank in full ownership of 8 164 000 m² (of which 1 307 000 m² held by the Joint Ventures) which allows the Group to develop ca. 3 680 000 m² of future lettable area (of which 622 000 m² on behalf of the Joint Ventures). In addition  the Group has another 2 519 000 m² of secured land plots which are expected to be purchased during the next 6 to 18 months  subject to obtaining the necessary permits.This brings the remaining total owned and committed land bank for development as at 31 October 2022 to 10 683 000 m²  which represents a remaining development potential of ca. 4 812 000 m² of which 706 000 m² (15%) in Germany  733 000 m² (15%) in Romania  639 000 m² (13%) in the Netherlands  464 000 m² (10%) in the Slovak Republic  487 000 m² (10%) in Serbia  422 000 m² (9%) in Spain  323 000 m² (6%) in Hungary  316 000 m² (7%) in Italy  263 000 m² (5%) in the Czech Republic  138 000 m² (3%) in Austria  149 000 m² (3%) in France  120 000 m² (2%) in Portugal  38 000 m² (1%) in Croatia and the remaining balance of 14 000 m² in Latvia.From an asset value perspective  the land bank is predominantly Western European-based but on the bases of square meters the land bank is well spread across the countries in which we operate.Due to the overall market circumstances  we do anticipate more  predominantly brownfield  opportunities to become available in the coming 12 months – we remain vigilant and are prepared for such opportunities to be seized at the right time.ESG initiatives and sustainable energy89 roof-solar installations with a total capacity of 120.9 MWp – of which own operational photovoltaic capacity doubled y-o-y to 40.4MWp  15.1MWp third-party operated and 65.4MWp of own installations are currently under construction. This is being realised through a € 40.7 million investment to date (and a further €28.8 million committed). In addition  the identified pipeline equates to an additional power generation capacity of 67.9 MWp.The potential current annual energy production  including PV projects under construction and in the pipeline is estimated at 168 318 MWh per year  which is equal to the total electricity consumption of all our tenants in VGP buildings in 2021.The GRESB score for the Group has made significant progress in 2022; the development portfolio received one additional star to three green stars.VGP performed its second CRREM study (Carbon Risk Real Estate Monitor) in 2022. The analysis was done on the entire portfolio (based on GRESB submission; as of December 2021; including JVs at 100%). The results are encouraging as the portfolio remains compliant on a 1.5°C decarbonization pathway until 2037 which is a 10-year improvement versus last year’s results. Taking also into account the expected annual energy production of current photovoltaic systems in the pipeline the portfolio compliance will be extended until 2045 and over 40% still compliant in 2050.The first certificate for EU Taxonomy compliance was received for a standing asset and going forward VGP aims for all new developments to achieve an EPC A energy label  EU taxonomy compliance  a BREEAM Excellent or DGNB Gold certificate and will no longer use gas heating where this is feasible.The Group’s earlier announced carbon reduction roadmap targets across scope 1-3 are set taking the science-based target constraints into account (see Corporate Responsibility Report 2021 for further details)  the Group has now engaged on a formal SBTi validation path  feedback is anticipated in 2023.Allianz Real Estate and developments with regards to Joint VenturesSecond closing of VGP Park München joint venture with Allianz Real Estate on track for December 2022 with proceeds of ca. €70 million to be excepted. Additional equity recycling expected during the first half of 2023 through the partial refinancing by already secured bank debt.Including the upcoming closing for VGP Park München  VGP and Allianz Real Estate will have completed 4 Joint Venture closings in 2022 resulting in a transfer of a record more than €800 million in gross asset value.Next closing expected in Q1 2023 with the First Joint Venture for a total gross asset value of more than €100 million. The transaction is currently under due diligence.Profit distribution from joint ventures is gaining momentum with profit distribution year to date totalling €28.2 million with a further ca. €30 million profit distribution to be received during November 2022.OutlookNotwithstanding assets being transferred to the joint ventures  the recurring cash generating part of VGP’s business is continuing to grow to a considerable size with total contracted annual rental and fee income on a proportional look-through basis due to rise substantially during the next 12 months. Thus will significantly increase the recurring cash generation of the Group.At the moment of publication of the FY2022 financial results  scheduled for release on 23 February 2023  VGP will further communicate on the dividend proposal. The expected dividend distribution will be reviewed in the light of the current dividend policy and taking the longer-term target of dividend coverage (by recurring net rental and fee income and dividend distributions received from the joint ventures minus recurring expenses) into consideration.Due to the overall market circumstances VGP anticipates more  predominantly brownfield  opportunities to become available during the next 12 months. VGP remains vigilant and is prepared for such opportunities to be seized at the right time and price.CONTACT DETAILS FOR INVESTORS AND MEDIA ENQUIRIESInvestor Relations Tel: +32 (0)3 289 1433investor.relations@vgpparks.eu Karen Huybrechts(Head of Marketing) Tel: +32 (0)3 289 1432Forward-looking statements: This press release may contain forward-looking statements. Such statements reflect the current views of management regarding future events  and involve known and unknown risks  uncertainties and other factors that may cause actual results to be materially different from any future results  performance or achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. VGP is providing the information in this press release as of this date and does not undertake any obligation to update any forward-looking statements contained in this press release considering new information  future events or otherwise. The information in this announcement does not constitute an offer to sell or an invitation to buy securities in VGP or an invitation or inducement to engage in any other investment activities. VGP disclaims any liability for statements made or published by third parties and does not undertake any obligation to correct inaccurate data  information  conclusions or opinions published by third parties in relation to this or any other press release issued by VGP.ABOUT VGPVGP is a pan-European developer  manager and owner of high-quality logistics and semi-industrial real estate. VGP operates a fully integrated business model with capabilities and longstanding expertise across the value chain. Founded in 1998 as a Belgian family-owned real estate developer in the Czech Republic  VGP with a staff of circa 380 FTEs today and operates in 19 European countries directly and through several 50:50 joint ventures. As of June 2022  the Gross Asset Value of VGP  including the joint ventures at 100%  amounted to € 6.53 billion and the company had a Net Asset Value (EPRA NTA) of € 2.34 billion. VGP is listed on Euronext Brussels. (ISIN: BE0003878957).For more information  please visit: http://www.vgpparks.eu1 Including Joint Ventures at 100%. As at 31 October 2022 the annualised committed leases of the Joint Ventures stood at €174.5 million (€151.1 million as at 31 December 2021).2 Including Joint Ventures at 100%.3 Of which 493 000 m² (€27.8 million) related to the own portfolio.4 Of which 200 000 m² (€10.5 million) related to the Joint Ventures’ portfolio.5 Including rent indexation effects.6 Joint Ventures means either and each of (i) the First Joint Venture i.e. VGP European Logistics S.à.r.l.  the 50:50 joint venture between VGP and Allianz and (ii) the Second Joint Venture i.e. VGP European Logistics 2 S.à.r.l.  the 50:50 joint venture between VGP and Allianz  and (iii) the Third Joint Venture i.e. VGP Park München GmbH  the 50:50 joint venture between VGP and Allianz  and (iv) the Fourth Joint Venture i.e. VGP European Logistics 3 S.à.r.l.  the 50:50 joint venture between VGP and Allianz and (v) LPM Joint Venture  i.e. LPM Holding B.V.  the 50:50 joint venture between VGP and Roozen Landgoederen Beheer.7 The weighted average term of the committed leases up to the first break stands at 9.5 years as at 31 October 2022.8 The weighted average term of the committed leases up to the first break stands at 6.9 years as at 31 October 2022.9 The weighted average term of the committed leases up to the first break stands at 8.0 years as at 31 October 2022.10 Yields on cost are calculated as annualised rent divided by total project cost (including land acquisition costs and project development costs).11 Western Europe includes Netherlands  Germany  France. Southern Europe includes Portugal  Spain  Italy Central Europe includes Czech Republic  Austria  Hungary. East Europe include Serbia  Romania  LatviaAttachment,neutral,0.04,0.96,0.0,positive,0.72,0.28,0.01,True,English,"['VGP Trading Update', 'Recurring Rental Income', 'Solid Growth', 'Record Deliveries', 'Occupancy Rate', 'Total secured development land bank stand', 'three star GRESB developer rating', '1.5 - degree decar bonisation pathway', 'VGP Park München joint venture', 'high quality new developments', 'ca. €30 million profit distribution', 'First Joint Venture', 'highest quality match', 'new development land', 'robust operating performance', '2022 P hotovoltaic capacity', '2021 tenant electricity consumption', 'Allianz Real Estate', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'Jan Van Geet', 'total JV closing', 'significant photovoltaic roll-out', '1.5-degree ready portfolio', 'first ten months', 'additional annual rent', 'profit distribution year', 'absolute record year', 'total GAV', 'joint ventures', 'annual record', 'Additional closing', 'development potential', 'constant development', 'rent roll', 'Property portfolio', '€3.7 million revenues', 'portfolio compliance', 'significant boost', 'significant need', 'past 4 months', 'record deliveries', 'Second closing', 'upcoming closing', '5 million m²', 'VGP NV', 'English Dutch', 'trading update', 'volatile macro-economic', 'geopolitical uncertainties', 'current inflation', 'strong relationship', 'due diligence', 'cash generation', 'recurring revenue', 'many factors', 'smart technologies', 'artificial intelligence', 'sustainable solutions', 'efficiency potential', 'operational efficiency', 'new projects', 'solid year', 'long-let projects', '1,253,000 m²', '6,000 m²', '576,000 m', '240,000 m²', '460,000 m²', '1,925,000 m²', '37 projects', '16 projects', '28 projects', '11 projects', 'November', 'Antwerp', 'Belgium', 'Group', 'background', 'leases', '31 December', 'YTD', 'occupancy', '31 October', 'income', 'indexation', 'construction', 'buildings', '2H', 'delivery', 'remainder', '120.9MWp', '67.9MWp', 'Paris-aligned', 'CRREM', 'track', 'proceeds', 'Q1', 'transaction', 'momentum', 'end', 'terms', 'growth', 'completions', 'clients', 'rents', 'DNA', 'course', 'world', 'tomorrow', 'sustainability', 'fraction', 'innovations', 'energy', 'industry', 'years', 'team', '7:00', '378,000', '10', '683,000']",2022-11-03,2022-11-03,globenewswire.com
12627,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2022/11/03/2548094/0/en/Strong-Q3-driven-by-Believe-s-appeal-to-artists-and-labels-at-all-stages-of-their-career-and-in-all-geographies.html,Strong Q3 driven by Believe’s appeal to artists and labels at all stages of their career and in all geographies,Strong Q3 driven by Believe’s appeal to artists and labels at all stages of their career and in all geographies   Revenue growth: +36.9% in Q3’22 and......,"English FrenchStrong Q3 driven by Believe’s appeal to artists and labels at all stages of their career and in all geographiesRevenue growth: +36.9% in Q3’22 and +35.9% year-to-dateOrganic revenue growth: +37.6% in Q3’22 and + 36.3% year-to-dateFY 2022 guidance: Believe now anticipates organic growth in excess of +30%  Adjusted EBITDA margin at c. 4.5% and solid positive free cash flowParis  November 3  2022 – Believe (Ticker: BLV  ISIN: FR0014003FE9)  one of the world’s leading global digital music companies  published today its revenue for the third quarter of 2022.Denis Ladegaillerie  Founder and CEO  said: “Our Q3 performance has been again very strong  with market share gains across all our main countries on all key digital music services. Our unique model built to serve artists and labels at all stages of their careers  is performing extremely well. With the increased penetration of streaming music in all markets  more and more music genres accelerate their digitalization. As a digital first music company  we are well positioned to pursue our profitable growth trajectory. Our expertise in maximizing audiences and monetization of labels and artists in the digital ecosystem unlocks new opportunities every day.”in € million Q3 2021 Q3 2022 Change YoY Organic change1 Group Revenues 143.9 197.0 36.9% 37.6% Premium Solutions 135.3 184.4 36.2% 37.7% Automated Solutions 8.6 12.6 46.8% 36.1% in € million 9M 2021 9M 2022 Change YoY Organicchange Group Revenues 404.1 549.2 35.9% 36.3% Premium Solutions 378.4 513.6 35.7% 36.7% Automated Solutions 25.7 35.6 38.9% 30.8%Key highlightsBelieve’s strong growth in Q3’22 once again demonstrated the strength of Believe’s model in the artist and label markets. The Group continued to gain market share across all segments (from music creators to independent labels and top local artists) in all markets around the world.Believe’s products and solutions allowed to grow artists and labels at a much faster rate on all key digital music services through continued investments. Believe’s priority is to build capacity in its key markets and provide local teams with best-in-class products and solutions  developed by the Group’s Central Platform teams and leveraged across all local entities. The quality of service enabled by the model resulted in a strong performance from the existing portfolio of artists and labels during the quarter.Believe continues its expansion in Asia  which will be the #1 market in the world in the next 10 years  with several initiatives in Southeast Asia. The Group strengthened its leadership team in the region  with several appointments of Managing Directors at regional and country level (Indonesia  Thailand and Philippines). Believe has leadership positions in most of the 8 markets of the region  driving the growth of local acts. The Group operates across all its segments (Premium and Automated) and has invested consistently for the past 10 years  deploying first its Label and Artists Solutions to cater for the emerging and established artists segment in 8 markets  then its Artist Services in 3 markets  addressing the top artists’ needs. During the last quarter Believe launched Byond in Thailand  an Artist Services brand to develop and support hip-hop artists and music locally. Sourcing from the existing TuneCore and Label & Artist Solutions roster  Byond has already successfully signed iconic acts including Saran who reached 1 billion of streams in 2022  as well as Zentyarb  K.Aglet  SD Thaitay  Z9  BlackHeart  DIEOUT  Mona V  Cyanide  T-BIGGEST  Pondering and Rap is Now. In addition  aligned with its commitment to offer best-in-class service to music creators  TuneCore (Automated Solutions) accelerated its localization efforts in Southeast Asia to ensure the most positive user experience. TuneCore has been growing significantly in the region since the implementation of its Social Platforms’ revenue share offer  allowing music creators to easily distribute their music on the predominant social medias  which represents a strong funnel for new subscriptions. TuneCore has partnered with a global financial technology platform in Q3’22 to offer localized payment methods to the growing music creators base in the region  who preferred alternative payments to credit cards. Similar programs will be rolled out in other countries and regions that share like patterns in the coming months.The Group established new teams and partnerships during the quarter to address opportunities in music genres that are developing rapidly in digital or currently accelerating their digitalization. Believe launched b.electronic in October  a global initiative to specifically address the growing number of electronic and dance music labels and artists looking for the right partner to maximize their audience reach at a global scale and optimize the revenue sources. This new solution echoes the fast growth of the global electronic and dance music market  that grew +32% in FY’21 versus +18% for the market according to IMS (International Music Summit  the premier thought leadership platform for electronic music). It responds to specific needs of labels and artists from this genre  inherently targeting audiences beyond their local border. Believe will rely on highly experienced Central and Local teams of experts in key markets who have a global view on the genre to develop the portfolio of labels and artists. The signing of Big Top Amsterdam label  one of the major players in the global dance industry reflects such initiative. Big Top Amsterdam can count on all-stars like Bakermat and Gamper & Dadoni on its roster  each with over a billion streams  as well as creators Supermassive (who have built 1.8 million followers on TikTok and 1.5 million followers on YouTube)  and breakthrough Swedish producer Kronan among many other talents. The new-born partnership with Believe will play a crucial role in the international and digital growth of the label and its artists.Believe continued to nurture its relationships with major streaming providers and social platforms during the quarter by renewing partnerships with greater benefits for its artists and labels  as well as by early moving on their new initiatives. Believe was for example among the first players to participate in YouTube’s “Creator Music” initiative  a new digital storefront that allows creators to easily license popular music for use in their videos  generating revenue both for them and music rights holders.In alignment with its corporate project Shape Music for Good  Believe continued to promote gender parity in the music industry during the quarter. Believe hosted for the second year in a row the Gender Equality Hub at the Reeperbahn festival in Hamburg (Germany) in partnership with Keychange  the pioneering international initiative aiming at creating a more gender representative and inclusive music industry for present and future generations. The Hub offered masterclasses with key industry leaders who shared their expertise and encouraged women and other underrepresented groups in the music industry to be seen and to become part of the Keychange initiative. Faithful to its driving force of fairness  the Group launched in September its first collective employee shareholder scheme  which provides employees with the opportunity to be directly associated with the future of Believe. Participation rate reached 40% in the six countries where the plan was implemented and 57% in France. Believe’s commitment to its corporate social responsibility resulted in better ESG performances compared to its industry peers  as reflected by its metric “Gender Equality Index” for France (99/100) and its AA MSCI ESG rating  the highest level reached within the Media index.RevenuesQ3’22 revenues grew by +36.9% to reach €197.0 million (versus €143.9 million in Q3’21)  mainly reflecting strong organic growth (+37.6%). In Q3’22  core digital activities represented 93.7% of Group’s revenues and increased by +39.6% year-over-year driven by continued growth in paid streaming  notably in emerging markets  and better monetization of ad-funded streaming services  even if the growth rate of ad-funded revenues has been weaker compared to the previous quarters as expected. The growth was amplified by additional market share gains at largest digital streaming providers both in mature and emerging countries thanks to the built-up of local capabilities and Believe’s expertise in developing digital audience and monetizing the artists and labels served by the Group. Non-digital sales grew by 6.1% in Q3’22 mostly thanks to merchandising  live and synchronization notably in France.Q3’22 performance reflected strong momentum in both segments. Premium Solutions revenues amounted to €184.4 million in Q3’22  a year-over-year organic increase of +37.7% compared with Q3’21. The success of Premium Solutions stemmed from the Group’s investment over the past 24 to 36 months to strengthen local capabilities and roll out more services in key countries. This allowed the Group to serve a greater number of artists and labels with best-in-class services and to address a wider variety of music genres. Automated Solutions revenues reached €12.6 million and grew by +46.8% in Q3’22 compared to last year  mostly reflecting solid organic growth of +36.1% and a positive forex impact related to the dollar appreciation versus the euro. Q3’22 performance reflected the appeal of TuneCore’s “Unlimited Pricing” program  which is driving subscription up  with revenue per subscriber on a positive trend as music creators are switching from the discovery offer to the highest pricing plan. Believe recorded solid performances in most markets except in the Russian and Ukrainian business units which grew +8.8% in Q3’22  resulting in an organic growth of +9.0% year-to-date. The Group excluding the two business units grew organically by +40.5% in Q3’22.Believe has been growing strongly since January with revenues up +35.9% year-to-date mostly reflecting a +36.3% organic growth for the period closing at the end of September (organic growth reached +39.2% outside Russia and Ukraine). Non-digital revenues further recovered notably thanks to merchandising and live activities in France. Overall  Believe continued to outperform the market and further reinforced its position in digital music in both segments and in all regions.Revenues by geography: growth in all geographiesin € million Q3 2021 Q3 2022 Change YoY APAC / Africa 32.5 52.3 61.1% France 24.2 34.1 41.2% Americas 21.2 28.6 35.1% Europe (excl. France & Germany) 40.9 53.1 29.8% Germany 25.2 28.8 14.4% Total 143.9 197.0 36.9%The level of activity in Asia Pacific and Africa remained strongly buoyant with revenues up 61.1% in Q3’22 compared to last year  representing 26.6% of group revenues. Market dynamics remained very strong in India and China and across Southeast Asia  as the Group leveraged the roll-out of all services in most territories and reinforced its local teams. The Group also benefitted from its strategic partnerships signed in Q4’21 in India (Think Music) and in the Philippines (VMAG)  which accelerated organic growth in both local markets.In France  revenues represented 17.3% of Group revenues and increased by +41.2% in Q3  driven by the strong performance of the existing catalogue of artist and labels and the strategic partnerships signed with Play Two and Jo&Co which allowed Believe to represent a wider variety of music genres in the market. Digital revenues were firmly up  but revenues also benefitted from a strong catch up of live and merchandising activities.In Americas  revenues grew by +35.1% and represented 14.5% of Group revenues  resulting from a strong activity level in Latin America notably in Brazil  and a firm acceleration in Automated Solutions following early success of TuneCore’s new Unlimited Pricing plans.In Europe (excluding France and Germany)  revenues grew by +29.8% and represented 27.0% of total revenues in Q3’22. The level of activity was particularly sustained in the UK and in Italy  and on a strong growth trajectory in South Europe and Eastern Europe. Revenues in the region were nevertheless affected by a slower pace of growth in Russia and in Turkey.In Germany  revenues grew by +14.4% compared to last year and represented 14.6% of revenues. Non-digital revenues still dragged down on the overall performance  while digital revenues were up very strongly during the quarter  reflecting the expertise of Believe in developing monetization for artists and labels in the digital ecosystem.FY 2022 outlook and organic growth guidance updateIn Q3’22  Believe remained on H1’22 solid organic growth trajectory. Paid streaming demonstrated its resilience and grew strongly in most of the Group's key markets. Growth in ad-supported streaming revenue decelerated compared to H1’22  stabilizing around June’s level as expected. The switch from ad-supported to paid streaming in emerging markets is progressing steadily. The Group expects the music industry to continue to show resilience and that paid streaming will continue its global deployment.Believe now expects FY22 organic growth to exceed +30% for the Group  above prior expectations provided on August 3  2022 (c. +29%) and above the range for the period 2021-2025 presented at the IPO (+22% to +25%). This target assumes that revenue growth in the Russian and Ukrainian units remains in line with the level achieved in Q3'22. It also includes a positive impact of around 2% linked to the extension of the services agreements concerning Play Two  Jo&Co (France)  Think Music (India) and VMAG (the Philippines)  which were concluded as part of the strategic partnerships signed with these companies in Q4'21.Based on higher organic growth than initially anticipated  Believe now expects an adjusted EBITDA margin of c. 4.5% above prior expectations of a stable margin year-over-year (FY'21: 4%)  as Central Platform costs will be better amortized. As the focus remains on accelerating investments  the annual margin improvement remains gradual. Believe intends to continue to invest significantly in Central Platform and local teams in the coming years to fuel future profitable growth  while actively managing the investment cycle with the objective of further improving efficiency.The Group also confirms that it will generate positive and solid free cash flow for the full year. This will result from a positive change in working capital and lower capital expenditure as a % of revenues. In addition  free cash flow will benefit from an annual installment of approximately €20 million from one of its digital partners  which was renewed in Q3’22.Overall  the Group is on track with its strategic roadmap to build the best digital music company and confirms its medium-term trajectory communicated at the IPO  including a 2021-2025 CAGR of between +22% and +25% and a Group Adjusted EBITDA of 5%-7% by 2025  implying a segment Adjusted EBITDA margin of 15%-16%  which is a ""high growth period"" margin  with revenue growth largely reinvested. Believe remains confident in its ability to achieve its long-term target of a 15% Group Adjusted EBITDA margin.Webcast:We will host a webcast https://edge.media-server.com/mmc/p/vkdevk96 and conference call starting at 6:30 p.m. CET today. Denis Ladegaillerie  our Founder and CEO  and Xavier Dumont  our Chief Operating & Strategy Officer  will present Q3 and Year-to-date revenues and answer questions addressed in the call or submitted through the webcast. All information related to the interim results are available on our investor website: Believe - Investors Website - FinancialsConference call details:France  Paris: +33 (0)1 70 91 87 04; United Kingdom  London: +44 1 212 818 004; United States  New York: +1 718 705 87 96Conference ID: 5559642023 financial agenda:15 March 2023: FY 2022 revenues and earnings - Press release to be issued after market close27 April 2023: Q1 2023 revenues - Press release to be issued after market close2 August 2023: H1 2023 revenues and earnings - Press release to be issued after market close26 October 2023: Q3 2023 revenues - Press release to be issued after market closeBelieve Contacts:Investor Relations & Financial mediaEmilie MEGELinvestors@believe.comTel: +33 1 53093391Cell: + 33 6 07099860 Press RelationsManon JESSUAmanon.jessua@believe.comYousr ABASSIy ousr.abassi @agenceproches.comCell: +33 6 99454864AppendixRevenue breakdown between digital and non-digital salesQ1’21 Q2’21 Q3’21 Q1’22 Q2’22 Q3’22 9M’21 9M’22 Digital sales 90% 92% 92% 93% 92% 94% 91% 93% Non-digital sales 10% 8% 8% 7% 8% 6% 9% 7%Digital and non-digital sales growthQ1’22 Q2’22 H1’22 Q3’22 9M’22 Digital sales +35.3% +40.1% +37.8% +39.6% +38.5% Non-digital sales -6.5% +32.1% +11.4% +6.1% +9.7%About BelieveBelieve is one of the world’s leading digital music companies. Believe’s mission is to develop independent artists and labels in the digital world by providing them the solutions they need to grow their audience at each stage of their career and development. Believe’s passionate team of digital music experts around the world leverages the Group’s global technology platform to advise artists and labels  distribute and promote their music. Its 1 610 employees in more than 50 countries aim to support independent artists and labels with a unique digital expertise  respect  fairness and transparency. Believe offers its various solutions through a portfolio of brands including TuneCore  Nuclear Blast  Naïve  Groove Attack and AllPoints. Believe is listed on compartment A of the regulated market of Euronext Paris (Ticker: BLV  ISIN: FR0014003FE9).www.believe.comForward Looking statementThis press release contains forward-looking statements regarding the prospects and growth strategies of Believe and its subsidiaries (the “Group”). These statements include statements relating to the Group’s intentions  strategies  growth prospects  and trends in its results of operations  financial situation and liquidity. Although such statements are based on data  assumptions and estimates that the Group considers reasonable  they are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties and actual results could differ from those anticipated in such statements due to a variety of factors  including those discussed in the Group’s filings with the French Autorité des Marchés Financiers (AMF) which are available on the website of Believe (www.believe.com). Prospective information contained in this press release is given only as of the date hereof. Other than as required by law  the Group expressly disclaims any obligation to update its forward-looking statements in light of new information or future developments. Some of the financial information contained in this press release is not IFRS (International Financial Reporting Standards) accounting measur1 Organic change accounts for revenue growth at a like-for-like perimeter and at constant exchange rate.Attachment",neutral,0.42,0.58,0.0,positive,0.83,0.17,0.0,True,English,"['Strong Q3', 'Believe', 'appeal', 'artists', 'labels', 'stages', 'career', 'geographies', 'Change YoY Organic change1 Group Revenues', 'solid positive free cash flow', 'Social Platforms’ revenue share offer', 'leading global digital music companies', 'global financial technology platform', 'digital first music company', 'key digital music services', 'change Group Revenues', 'positive user experience', 'predominant social medias', 'localized payment methods', 'Central Platform teams', 'International Music Summit', 'market share gains', 'Artist Services brand', 'Organic revenue growth', 'profitable growth trajectory', 'dance music market', 'established artists segment', 'top artists’ needs', 'growing music creators', 'dance music labels', 'Artist Solutions roster', 'top local artists', 'digital ecosystem', 'organic growth', 'Key highlights', 'global initiative', 'global scale', 'streaming music', 'music genres', 'revenue sources', 'local teams', 'The Group', 'growing number', 'new teams', 'global electronic', 'key markets', 'local entities', 'local acts', 'strong growth', 'fast growth', 'English French', 'EBITDA margin', 'Denis Ladegaillerie', 'main countries', 'faster rate', 'continued investments', 'strong performance', 'existing portfolio', 'next 10 years', 'several initiatives', 'leadership team', 'several appointments', 'Managing Directors', 'country level', 'leadership positions', 'past 10 years', 'iconic acts', 'K.Aglet', 'Mona V', 'localization efforts', 'strong funnel', 'new subscriptions', 'alternative payments', 'credit cards', 'Similar programs', 'other countries', 'coming months', 'right partner', 'audience reach', 'new solution', 'leadership platf', 'Premium Solutions', 'Automated Solutions', 'hip-hop artists', 'Southeast Asia', 'Artists Solutions', 'FY 2022 guidance', 'third quarter', 'new opportunities', 'class products', 'last quarter', 'class service', 'independent labels', 'Strong Q3', 'Q3 performance', 'unique model', 'existing TuneCore', 'label markets', '8 markets', '3 markets', 'Believe', 'appeal', 'stages', 'career', 'geographies', 'date', 'excess', 'Paris', 'Ticker', 'BLV', 'ISIN', 'world', 'Founder', 'CEO', 'increased', 'penetration', 'digitalization', 'expertise', 'audiences', 'monetization', 'strength', 'segments', 'priority', 'capacity', 'quality', 'expansion', 'region', 'Indonesia', 'Thailand', 'Philippines', 'emerging', 'Byond', 'Saran', '1 billion', 'streams', 'Zentyarb', 'SD', 'Thaitay', 'Z9', 'BlackHeart', 'DIEOUT', 'Cyanide', 'T-BIGGEST', 'Pondering', 'addition', 'commitment', 'implementation', 'patterns', 'partnerships', 'October', 'IMS', 'premier', '€']",2022-11-03,2022-11-03,globenewswire.com
12628,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/transplant-genomics-presents-trugraf-liver-at-the-american-association-for-the-study-of-liver-diseases-301667673.html,TRANSPLANT GENOMICS PRESENTS TRUGRAF® LIVER AT THE AMERICAN ASSOCIATION FOR THE STUDY OF LIVER DISEASES,"TruGraf® Liver is a novel gene expression biomarker diagnostic test used to confirm immune quiescence and rule out organ rejection for liver transplant recipients. FRAMINGHAM  Mass.  Nov. 3  2022 /PRNewswire/ -- Transplant Genomics (""TGI"")  the transplant rej…","TruGraf® Liver is a novel gene expression biomarker diagnostic test used to confirm immune quiescence and rule out organ rejection for liver transplant recipients.FRAMINGHAM  Mass.  Nov. 3  2022 /PRNewswire/ -- Transplant Genomics (""TGI"")  the transplant rejection diagnostics company committed to improving organ transplant outcomes worldwide  will be attending The Liver Meeting  the annual educational conference of the American Association for the Study of Liver Diseases  from November 4 through November 8  2022  at the Walter E. Washington Convention Center in Washington  DC. At The Liver Meeting  TGI will present on the new TruGraf® Liver rejection biomarker assay through an educational symposium and in-person discussions in the exhibit hall.Attendees of The Liver Meeting are invited to attend ""Biomarkers in Post-Liver Transplant "" an educational symposium at 1:15pm on Saturday  November 5  2022. This symposium features James Trotter  MD  Medical Director of Liver Transplantation at Baylor University Medical Center; Dilip Moonka  MD  FAASLD  FAST  Medical Director of Liver Transplant at Henry Ford Health; and Juston Weems  PhD  Director of Research and Development at Transplant Genomics.TruGraf Liver is a blood-based gene expression test that provides guidance for optimizing immunosuppression therapy in liver transplant recipients. TruGraf Liver is the first diagnostic tool that leverages gene expression data—powered by TGI's proprietary technology and machine learning—to give the earliest and most accurate view of immune quiescence.Due to the significant complications associated with the use of immunosuppression  clinicians may choose to reduce immunosuppression for liver transplant recipients to minimize these complications. Until now  immunosuppression optimization has largely been a ""trial and error"" process  with clinicians relying only on laboratory and clinical indicators of graft injury  resulting from the effects of immune activation. TruGraf Liver is the first and only blood-based test that offers biomarker guidance to aid physicians in optimizing immunosuppression in transplant recipients  to allow for a superior balance between graft rejection and adverse events.The first commercial TruGraf Liver tests were performed in August 2022  from samples drawn at Houston Methodist Hospital's J.C. Walter Jr. Transplant Center.Hepatologists and other liver transplant care professionals may learn more about TruGraf Liver at www.transplantgenomics.com/trugraf-liver.MEDIA CONTACT:Branden MorrisTransplant Genomicse) [email protected]p) +1 (510) 745-4707About Transplant Genomics  Inc.Transplant Genomics  Inc. (""TGI"") is a personalized diagnostics company committed to improving organ transplant outcomes worldwide through innovative tests that detect early signs of graft injury  differentiate among actionable causes  and enable the optimization of therapy. Working alongside the transplant community and within the Eurofins family  TGI is commercializing a suite of tests enabling diagnoses and prediction of transplant recipient immune status. TGI was acquired by Eurofins in 2019.Learn more about Transplant Genomics at http://www.transplantgenomics.com.About Eurofins – the Global Leader in Bio-AnalysisEurofins is Testing for Life. Eurofins is the global leader in food  environment  pharmaceutical and cosmetic product testing  and in discovery pharmacology  forensics  advanced material sciences and agroscience Contract Research services. Eurofins is also a market leader in certain testing and laboratory services for genomics  and in the support of clinical studies  as well as in BioPharma Contract Development and Manufacturing. The Group also has a rapidly developing presence in highly specialised and molecular clinical diagnostic testing and in-vitro diagnostic products.With over 61 000 staff across a network of 940 laboratories in 59 countries  Eurofins' companies offer a portfolio of over 200 000 analytical methods.Eurofins Shares are listed on Euronext Paris Stock Exchange.SOURCE Eurofins Transplant Genomics",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.0,1.0,True,English,"['TRANSPLANT GENOMICS', 'TRUGRAF® LIVER', 'AMERICAN ASSOCIATION', 'LIVER DISEASES', 'THE', 'STUDY', 'J.C. Walter Jr. Transplant Center', 'novel gene expression biomarker diagnostic test', 'new TruGraf® Liver rejection biomarker assay', 'Walter E. Washington Convention Center', 'other liver transplant care professionals', 'first commercial TruGraf Liver tests', 'Euronext Paris Stock Exchange', 'Baylor University Medical Center', 'blood-based gene expression test', 'transplant rejection diagnostics company', 'transplant recipient immune status', 'molecular clinical diagnostic testing', 'agroscience Contract Research services', 'gene expression data', 'SOURCE Eurofins Transplant Genomics', 'first diagnostic tool', 'personalized diagnostics company', 'vitro diagnostic products', 'Henry Ford Health', 'Houston Methodist Hospital', 'advanced material sciences', 'The Liver Meeting', 'cosmetic product testing', 'liver transplant recipients', 'organ transplant outcomes', 'BioPharma Contract Development', 'annual educational conference', 'blood-based test', 'biomarker guidance', 'organ rejection', 'graft rejection', 'Liver Diseases', 'Liver Transplantation', 'Post-Liver Transplant', 'The Group', 'clinical indicators', 'innovative tests', 'clinical studies', 'immune quiescence', 'immune activation', 'laboratory services', 'Medical Director', 'American Association', 'educational symposium', 'person discussions', 'exhibit hall', 'James Trotter', 'Dilip Moonka', 'Juston Weems', 'proprietary technology', 'machine learning', 'accurate view', 'error"" process', 'graft injury', 'superior balance', 'adverse events', 'MEDIA CONTACT', 'Branden Morris', 'early signs', 'actionable causes', 'Global Leader', 'discovery pharmacology', 'market leader', 'developing presence', '200,000 analytical methods', 'Eurofins family', ""Eurofins' companies"", 'Eurofins Shares', 'significant complications', 'immunosuppression therapy', 'immunosuppression optimization', 'FRAMINGHAM', 'Mass.', 'PRNewswire', 'TGI', 'Study', 'November', 'DC', 'Attendees', 'Biomarkers', 'Saturday', 'MD', 'FAASLD', 'FAST', 'PhD', 'earliest', 'clinicians', 'trial', 'effects', 'physicians', 'August', 'samples', 'Hepatologists', 'trugraf-liver', 'community', 'suite', 'prediction', 'transplantgenomics', 'Bio-Analysis', 'Life', 'food', 'environment', 'pharmaceutical', 'forensics', 'support', 'Manufacturing', 'specialised', '61,000 staff', 'network', '940 laboratories', '59 countries', 'portfolio']",2022-11-03,2022-11-03,prnewswire.com
12629,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/absolut-vodka-and-ardagh-group-co-invest-in-hydrogen-fired-glass-furnace-in-a-global-spirits-industry-first-301666989.html,Absolut Vodka and Ardagh Group co-invest in hydrogen-fired glass furnace in a global spirits industry first,STOCKHOLM  Nov. 3  2022 /PRNewswire/ -- Absolut Vodka is to become the first global spirits brand to move to a partly hydrogen energy-fired glass furnace for large-scale production in a significant step to reduce the CO2 emissions from making its iconic bottl…,"STOCKHOLM  Nov. 3  2022 /PRNewswire/ -- Absolut Vodka is to become the first global spirits brand to move to a partly hydrogen energy-fired glass furnace for large-scale production in a significant step to reduce the CO 2 emissions from making its iconic bottles. The hydrogen initiative is an important milestone for Absolut Vodka in becoming completely CO 2 neutral by 2030. A prerequisite for being able to meet this goal is in reducing the carbon footprint of its glass packaging.Absolut has been a partner with Ardagh's Limmared glassworks in Sweden for 40 yearsAbsolut has signed an agreement with Ardagh Glass Packaging in Limmared  a subsidiary of Ardagh Group  to use this partly hydrogen-fired furnace commencing in the second half of 2023. The pioneering collaboration will accelerate the transformation of the global glassmaking process for a more sustainable future.Absolut has been a partner with Ardagh's Limmared glassworks in Sweden for 40 years  which currently uses a combination of natural gas and electricity to power its furnaces. From the second half of 2023  Ardagh will launch a pilot in its Limmared plant replacing 20 per cent of its natural gas with green hydrogen to manufacture all of Absolut's bottles across its portfolio. This means a full-scale change of the continuous production of Absolut bottles for all markets globally. The hydrogen will be produced onsite at Ardagh by using renewably sourced electricity.An industry wide quest for reducing climate impact is taking place. Combined with other innovations and sustainability initiatives  new technologies such as hydrogen furnaces will reduce carbon emissions from glass production significantly.The use of hydrogen would reduce Absolut Vodka's carbon footprint from glass by 20%. It follows other joint initiatives to reduce carbon emissions  such as the light-weighting of glass  increased use of electricity in the current furnace and a significant increase in recycled flint glass – today reaching 53% with the ambition to go even further.Absolut owns one of the world's most energy-efficient distilleries. It has 98 per cent fewer emissions than an average distillery and has built up a surplus of emission rights as a result. The intent is to use these to invest in green transformation. Absolut will support Ardagh in this project and the parties will work together to fulfill Absolut's ambitions of a CO 2 neutral product by 2030 by using today's and tomorrow's best available technologies in glass manufacturing.Stéphanie Durroux  Chief Executive of The Absolut Company  says: ""Given we've been investing in our own production for decades  decreasing our emissions and increasing energy efficiency  we're now in a position where we also can focus on the parts of our value chain that are outside or our own scope. The glass manufacturing industry is in a transformative journey  and the world can't wait for the perfect solution. A bold and innovative approach is needed to accelerate radical change that will help solve the significant sustainability challenges that all glassmakers and buyers of glass face.""Bo Nilsson  Managing Director of Ardagh Glass Limmared AB  added: ""Our industry needs to be less reliant on fossil fuels and transition at pace to using more green energy. By investing in this new technology  we are embarking on a journey to reduce the carbon footprint of our glass packaging. There are challenges with such innovation  but we are committed to being an early mover in future-proofing our glass manufacturing operations world-wide.""For more information  assets or interview requests  please contact:Michael Lamb[email protected]+44 75124 30936Notes to editors:About The Absolut CompanyThe Absolut Company has the worldwide responsibility for the production  packaging innovation and strategic marketing of Absolut Vodka  Malibu and Kahlúa.Absolut Vodka is one of the world's top ten international spirits brands. Every bottle of Absolut Vodka comes from one source  Åhus in southern Sweden.Malibu is the number one rum-based coconut spirit in the world. Kahlúa coffee liqueur is the world leader in its category. The Absolut Company portfolio also includes Åhus Akvavit. The visitor center  Absolut Home  located next to the main production site for Absolut Vodka  was opened in 2018. The head office is located in Stockholm  Sweden. Chairman and CEO is Stéphanie Durroux. The Absolut Company is a part of Pernod Ricard  the world's second-largest wine and spirits producer (source: IWSR).About Pernod RicardPernod Ricard is the No.2 worldwide producer of wines and spirits with consolidated sales amounting to €10 701 million in fiscal year FY22. The Group  which owns 17 of the Top 100 Spirits Brands  holds one of the most prestigious and comprehensive portfolios in the industry with over 240 premium brands distributed across more than 160 markets. Pernod Ricard's portfolio includes Absolut Vodka  Ricard pastis  Ballantine's  Chivas Regal  Royal Salute  The Glenlivet Scotch whiskies  Jameson Irish whiskey  Martell cognac  Havana Club rum  Beefeater gin  Malibu liqueur and Mumm and Perrier-Jouët champagnes. The Group's mission is to unlock the magic of human connections by bringing ""Good Times from a Good Place""  in line with its Sustainability and Responsibility roadmap. Pernod Ricard's decentralised organisation empowers its 19 480 employees to be on-the-ground ambassadors of its purposeful and inclusive culture of conviviality  bringing people together in meaningful  sustainable and responsible ways to create value over the long term. Executing its strategic plan  Transform & Accelerate  Pernod Ricard now relies on its ""Conviviality Platform""  a new growth model based on data and artificial intelligence to meet the ever-changing demand of consumers.Pernod Ricard is listed on Euronext (Ticker: RI; ISIN Code:FR0000120693) and is part of the CAC 40 and Eurostoxx 50 indices.About Ardagh SwedenArdagh Glass Limmared AB is part of the Ardagh Group  a global supplier of sustainable  infinitely recyclable  metal and glass packaging for brand owners around the world. Ardagh operates 65 metal and glass production facilities in 16 countries  employing 20 000 people with sales of approximately $10bn.Photo - https://mma.prnewswire.com/media/1936390/Absolut_Partner_with_Ardagh.jpgSOURCE The Absolut Company",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,positive,0.76,0.22,0.02,True,English,"['hydrogen-fired glass furnace', 'global spirits industry', 'Absolut Vodka', 'Ardagh Group', 'top ten international spirits brands', 'The Glenlivet Scotch whiskies', 'first global spirits brand', 'Kahlúa coffee liqueur', 'hydrogen energy-fired glass furnace', 'Ardagh Glass Limmared AB', 'Top 100 Spirits Brands', 'The Absolut Company portfolio', 'global glassmaking process', 'Stéphanie Durroux', 'rum-based coconut spirit', 'Jameson Irish whiskey', 'Havana Club rum', 'CO 2 neutral product', 'best available technologies', 'glass manufacturing operations', 'industry wide quest', 'other joint initiatives', 'No.2 worldwide producer', 'main production site', 'glass manufacturing industry', 'significant sustainability challenges', 'Ardagh Glass Packaging', 'spirits producer', '240 premium brands', 'The Group', 'sustainability initiatives', 'hydrogen-fired furnace', 'current furnace', 'other innovations', 'new technologies', 'worldwide responsibility', 'flint glass', 'glass face', 'significant step', 'significant increase', 'glass production', 'Limmared glassworks', 'Limmared plant', 'CO 2 emissions', 'hydrogen initiative', 'important milestone', 'carbon footprint', 'second half', 'pioneering collaboration', 'sustainable future', 'natural gas', '20 per cent', 'green hydrogen', 'full-scale change', 'climate impact', 'energy-efficient distilleries', '98 per cent', 'average distillery', 'emission rights', 'Chief Executive', 'energy efficiency', 'value chain', 'perfect solution', 'innovative approach', 'radical change', 'Bo Nilsson', 'Managing Director', 'fossil fuels', 'green energy', 'new technology', 'early mover', 'interview requests', 'Michael Lamb', 'strategic marketing', 'visitor center', 'head office', 'Pernod Ricard', 'largest wine', 'consolidated sales', 'fiscal year', 'comprehensive portfolios', 'Ricard pastis', 'Chivas Regal', 'Royal Salute', 'Martell cognac', 'Absolut Vodka', 'Absolut Home', 'large-scale production', 'continuous production', 'Ardagh Group', 'packaging innovation', 'iconic bottles', 'Absolut bottles', 'carbon emissions', 'hydrogen furnaces', 'green transformation', 'transformative journey', 'one source', 'Åhus Akvavit', 'southern Sweden', 'world leader', 'PRNewswire', 'prerequisite', 'goal', 'partner', '40 years', 'agreement', 'subsidiary', 'combination', 'electricity', 'pilot', 'markets', 'place', 'use', 'light-weighting', 'ambition', 'surplus', 'result', 'intent', 'project', 'parties', 'today', 'tomorrow', 'decades', 'position', 'parts', 'scope', 'bold', 'glassmakers', 'buyers', 'pace', 'information', 'assets', 'Notes', 'editors', 'Malibu', 'number', 'category', 'Stockholm', 'Chairman', 'CEO', 'IWSR', 'wines', 'prestigious', 'Ballantine', 'Beefeater']",2022-11-03,2022-11-03,prnewswire.com
12630,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2022/11/03/2547256/0/en/Stellantis-Reports-Strong-Growth-in-Q3-2022-Net-Revenues-Up-29-Full-Year-Guidance-Confirmed.html,Stellantis Reports Strong Growth in Q3 2022 Net Revenues  Up 29%. Full-Year Guidance Confirmed,Stellantis Reports Strong Growth in Q3 2022 Net Revenues  Up 29% Full-Year Guidance Confirmed  Net revenues reached €42.1 billion  up 29%......,"Stellantis Reports Strong Growth in Q3 2022 Net Revenues  Up 29%Full-Year Guidance ConfirmedNet revenues reached €42.1 billion  up 29% compared to Q3 2021  mainly reflecting higher volumes  c ontinued strong net pricing and favorable FX translation effectsConsolidated shipments (1) of 1 281k units  up 13% y-o-y  primarily due to improvement in semiconductor order fulfillment versus Q3 2021Total new vehicle inventory of 926k units at September 30  2022. Company inventory of 275k units  up 179k units from December 31  2021  primarily in Enlarged Europe due to logistics challengesGlobal BEV sales increased 41% versus Q3 2021""Buoyed by the enthusiastic response to our Dodge and Jeep EV Days over the summer  and our Q3 global BEV sales increasing 41% year-over-year  we are executing our Dare Forward 2030 electrification roadmap at a fast pace to meet the strong demand for electrified vehicles. We look forward to CES 2023 in January in Las Vegas  where the Ram 1500 Revolution BEV Concept will make its worldwide debut.""Richard Palmer  CFO All-New Jeep Avenger BEVRESULTS FROM CONTINUING OPERATIONSQ3 2022Q3 2021Q3 2022vs.Q3 2021YTD 2022 YTD 2021Pro Forma(2) YTD 2022vs.YTD 2021 Pro Forma(2) YTD 2021 Combined shipments (000 units) 1 334 1 176 +13% 4 367 4 450 (2)% 4 356 Consolidated shipments (000 units) 1 281 1 131 +13% 4 215 4 302 (2)% 4 210 Net revenues (€ billion) 42.1 32.6 +29% 130.1 107.9 +21% 105.2 FY 2022 GUIDANCE - CONFIRMEDAdjusted Operating Income Margin(3) Double-DigitIndustrial Free Cash Flows(4) Positive2022 INDUSTRY OUTLOOK (5)*North America -8%Enlarged Europe -12%Middle East & Africa StableSouth America StableIndia & Asia Pacific +5%China +5% (from Stable)*2022 Industry Outlook changed for China compared to outlook provided on July 28 '22____________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________Basis of preparation: All reported data is unaudited. “Q3 2022”  “Q3 2021”  “YTD 2022” and “YTD 2021” represent revenues as reportable under IFRS. YTD 2021 includes Legacy FCA from January 17  2021  following the closure of the Merger; “YTD 2021 Pro Forma” is presented as if the Merger had occurred January 1  2020 and include results of FCA for the period January 1 - 16  2021. Refer to the section ""Notes"" for additional detail. Reference should be made to the section “Safe Harbor Statement” included elsewhere within this document.AMSTERDAM  November 3  2022 - As global sales of Stellantis’ battery electric vehicles (BEVs) increased 41% y-o-y to 68k units  and sales of low emission vehicles rose 21k units y-o-y to 112k vehicles in Q3 2022  the Company continued to execute its bold electrification plans and progress towards achieving its Dare Forward 2030 strategic plan goals.Offering best-in-class fully electrified vehicles: Jeep ® brand announced its plan to become the global leader in SUV electrification  bringing four all-electric SUVs to North America and Europe by 2025  supporting Stellantis' carbon net zero ambition. The announcement came just weeks after Dodge took a giant step forward on the performance brand’s road to an electrified future  revealing the Dodge Charger Daytona SRT  a concept that reimagines what a BEV can be.Executing on its plan to become the global leader in SUV electrification  the Jeep brand unveiled the all-new Jeep Avenger  the brand’s first-ever BEV  at the 2022 Paris Motor Show  with pre-booking for the 1st Edition beginning the same day.To meet the growing demand for electrified vehicles  Stellantis announced a new agreement with joint venture partner Punch Powertrain to increase production of the future-generation electrified dual-clutch transmissions (eDCT) for Stellantis hybrid and plug-in hybrid electric vehicles. The eDCTs  which will be built at Stellantis’ Mirafiori Complex in Turin  Italy  will complement the existing capacity in Metz  France.Investing in a Circular Economy: The Mirafiori Complex will also be home to Stellantis' first Circular Economy Hub  starting with three activities for the sustainable use of vehicles and parts: vehicle reconditioning  vehicle dismantling  and parts remanufacturing. The Hub will open in 2023.Building the roadmap for the future of mobility: Stellantis revealed that it has built one of the biggest and widest collaborative ecosystems in the world  with more than 160 co-funded projects and over 1 000 different partners worldwide. The projects align with Stellantis’ strategic technical domains  which include autonomous driving  connectivity  manufacturing  electrification technologies and advanced propulsion.Segments (all market share and ranking references are for Q3 2022): North America: Market share of 10.8%  down 20 bps y-o-y  with U.S. share down 70 bps to 11.1%. Enlarged Europe: EU30 market share of 19.2%  down 90 bps y-o-y. South America: Market leader with 22.6% share  down 150 bps y-o-y. Commercial Vehicles market leader in South America and EU30  with 30.8% and 29.2% share  respectively.Maserati: The all-new Grecale  which launched in June 2022  continues to attract a whole new audience. In 2023  one of the brand's icons returns: the all-new GranTurismo with Nettuno engine and the GranTurismo Folgore  the first BEV in the brand’s history. Maserati will follow up with the all-new Grecale Folgore in mid-2023 and the all-new GranCabrio  available in internal combustion engine and Folgore models.Upcoming Event: January 5: Ram Revolution electrification and technology event at CES 2023 in Las VegasOn November 3  2022 at 1:00 p.m. CET / 8:00 a.m. EDT  a live audio webcast and conference call will be held to present Stellantis' Third Quarter 2022 Shipments and Revenues. The audio webcast and recorded replay will be accessible under the Investors section of the Stellantis corporate website at www.stellantis.com . The presentation material is expected to be posted under the Investors section of the Stellantis corporate website at approximately 8:00 a.m. CET / 3:00 a.m. EDT on November 3  2022.About StellantisStellantis N.V. (NYSE / MTA / Euronext Paris: STLA) is one of the world's leading automakers and a mobility provider. Its storied and iconic brands embody the passion of their visionary founders and today’s customers in their innovative products and services  including Abarth  Alfa Romeo  Chrysler  Citroën  Dodge  DS Automobiles  Fiat  Jeep ®   Lancia  Maserati  Opel  Peugeot  Ram  Vauxhall  Free2move and Leasys. Powered by our diversity  we lead the way the world moves – aspiring to become the greatest sustainable mobility tech company  not the biggest  while creating added value for all stakeholders as well as the communities in which it operates. For more information  visit www.stellantis.comContacts: communications@stellantis.com or investor.relations@stellantis.comSEGMENT PERFORMANCENORTH AMERICAQ3 2022 Q3 2021 vs.Q3 2021 Shipments up 12%  primarily due to higher volumes of Dodge Durango  Jeep Compass and Cherokee  all-new Wagoneer and Ram 1500  partially offset by lower Jeep Grand Cherokee volumes due to discontinuation of prior generation (WK) in Q1 2022up 12%  primarily due to higher volumes of Dodge Durango  Jeep Compass and Cherokee  all-new Wagoneer and Ram 1500  partially offset by lower Jeep Grand Cherokee volumes due to discontinuation of prior generation (WK) in Q1 2022 Net revenues up 36%  primarily due to higher volumes  strong net pricing  favorable vehicle mix and positive FX translation effectsYTD 2022 YTD 2021 Pro Forma(2) Shipments (000s) 441 394 +47 1 400 1 267 Net revenues (€ million) 21 071 15 532 +5 539 63 514 47 979ENLARGED EUROPE Q3 2022 Q3 2021 vs.Q3 2021 Shipments up 14%  mainly due to higher volumes of Fiat 500 and Panda  Peugeot 208 and 308 and Citroën C3  as well as increased demand for BEVs  particularly Fiat New 500 and Opel Mokka-eup 14%  mainly due to higher volumes of Fiat 500 and Panda  Peugeot 208 and 308 and Citroën C3  as well as increased demand for BEVs  particularly Fiat New 500 and Opel Mokka-e Net revenues up 16%  mainly due to increased volumes  positive net pricing and favorable vehicle mix  primarily driven by new models and increased BEVsYTD 2022 YTD 2021 Pro Forma(2) Shipments (000s) 538 470 +68 1 900 2 134 Net revenues (€ million) 13 486 11 622 +1 864 44 805 43 662MIDDLE EAST & AFRICA Q3 2022 Q3 2021 vs.Q3 2021 Consolidated shipments up 6%  primarily due to increased volumes of Opel Mokka  Peugeot Rifter and Fiat Ducato  partially offset by lower volumes of Peugeot 3008  as well as Jeep Wrangler and Grand Cherokee due to logistics challengesup 6%  primarily due to increased volumes of Opel Mokka  Peugeot Rifter and Fiat Ducato  partially offset by lower volumes of Peugeot 3008  as well as Jeep Wrangler and Grand Cherokee due to logistics challenges Net revenues up 27%  primarily due to favorable net pricing  including pricing actions for Turkish lira devaluation  partially offset by negative FX translation effects  mainly from Turkish liraYTD 2022 YTD 2021 Pro Forma(2) Combined shipments (000s) 87 73 +14 286 273 Consolidated shipments (000s) 52 49 +3 190 187 Net revenues (€ million) 1 324 1 045 +279 4 363 3 592SOUTH AMERICA Q3 2022 Q3 2021 vs.Q3 2021 Shipments up 15%  with higher volumes of all-new Fiat Pulse  Jeep Commander and Citroën C3  as well as Fiat Strada  partially offset by reduced volumes of Fiat Toro and Jeep Renegadeup 15%  with higher volumes of all-new Fiat Pulse  Jeep Commander and Citroën C3  as well as Fiat Strada  partially offset by reduced volumes of Fiat Toro and Jeep Renegade Net revenues up 56%  mainly due to increased volumes  favorable net pricing and vehicle mix  as well as positive FX translation effects  primarily for Brazilian realYTD 2022 YTD 2021 Pro Forma(2) Shipments (000s) 213 185 +28 616 609 Net revenues (€ million) 3 965 2 546 +1 419 11 198 7 482CHINA AND INDIA & ASIA PACIFIC Q3 2022 Q3 2021 vs.Q3 2021 Consolidated shipments up 11%  due to recent launches of all-new Citroën C3 and Jeep Meridian  along with increased volumes of Peugeot 2008 and 3008 and Ram 1500  partially offset by lower Jeep Compass and Renegade volumesup 11%  due to recent launches of all-new Citroën C3 and Jeep Meridian  along with increased volumes of Peugeot 2008 and 3008 and Ram 1500  partially offset by lower Jeep Compass and Renegade volumes Net revenues up 20%  mainly due to higher volumes  improved net pricing  favorable vehicle and market mix  as well as positive FX translation effectsYTD 2022 YTD 2021 Pro Forma(2) Combined shipments (000s) 48 48 — 148 150 Consolidated shipments (000s) 30 27 +3 92 88 Net revenues (€ million) 1 138 949 +189 3 290 2 832MASERATI Q3 2022 Q3 2021 vs.Q3 2021 Shipments up 14%  primarily due to launch of all-new Grecale in late June ’22 and higher volumes of MC20  partially offset by reduced Levante and Ghibli volumes  particularly in China and India & Asia Pacificup 14%  primarily due to launch of all-new Grecale in late June ’22 and higher volumes of MC20  partially offset by reduced Levante and Ghibli volumes  particularly in China and India & Asia Pacific Net revenues up 23%  primarily due to increased volumes  improved net pricing and favorable FX translation effects  partially offset by higher mix of all-new GrecaleYTD 2022 YTD 2021 Pro Forma(2) Shipments (000s) 6.6 5.8 +0.8 16.8 16.6 Net revenues (€ million) 630 514 +116 1 571 1 399ReconciliationsNet revenues from external customers to Net revenues and Net revenues from external customers to Pro Forma Net revenuesResults from continuing operations Q3 2022 (€ million) NORTH AMERICA ENLARGED EUROPE MIDDLE EAST & AFRICA SOUTH AMERICA CHINA AND INDIA & ASIA PACIFIC MASERATI OTHER(*) STELLANTIS Net revenues from external customers 21 070 13 467 1 324 3 978 1 136 631 495 42 101 Net revenues from transactions with other segments 1 19 — (13) 2 (1) (8) — Net revenues 21 071 13 486 1 324 3 965 1 138 630 487 42 101___________________________________________________________________________________________________________________(*) Other activities  unallocated items and eliminationsResults from continuing operations Q3 2021 (€ million) NORTH AMERICA ENLARGED EUROPE MIDDLE EAST & AFRICA SOUTH AMERICA CHINA AND INDIA & ASIA PACIFIC MASERATI OTHER(*) STELLANTIS Net revenues from external customers 15 532 11 600 1 045 2 541 944 514 375 32 551 Net revenues from transactions with other segments — 22 — 5 5 — (32) — Net revenues 15 532 11 622 1 045 2 546 949 514 343 32 551___________________________________________________________________________________________________________________(*) Other activities  unallocated items and eliminationsResults from continuing operations YTD 2022 (€ million) NORTH AMERICA ENLARGED EUROPE MIDDLE EAST & AFRICA SOUTH AMERICA CHINA AND INDIA & ASIA PACIFIC MASERATI OTHER(*) STELLANTIS Net revenues from external customers 63 512 44 742 4 363 11 211 3 286 1 574 1 412 130 100 Net revenues from transactions with other segments 2 63 — (13) 4 (3) (53) — Net revenues 63 514 44 805 4 363 11 198 3 290 1 571 1 359 130 100___________________________________________________________________________________________________________________(*) Other activities  unallocated items and eliminationsResults from continuing operations YTD 2021Pro Forma (€ million) NORTH AMERICA ENLARGED EUROPE MIDDLE EAST & AFRICA SOUTH AMERICA CHINA AND INDIA & ASIA PACIFIC MASERATI OTHER(*) STELLANTIS Net revenues from external customers(A) 45 952 43 104 3 556 7 283 2 766 1 377 1 123 105 161 Add: FCA Net revenues from external customers  January 1 - 16  2021(B) 2 015 335 36 189 51 18 60 2 704 Add: Pro Forma adjustments(C) 3 (7) — — — — — (4) Pro Forma Net revenues from external customers  January 1 – September 30  2021 47 970 43 432 3 592 7 472 2 817 1 395 1 183 107 861 Net revenues from transactions with other segments 9 230 — 10 15 4 (268) — Pro Forma Net revenues(D) 47 979 43 662 3 592 7 482 2 832 1 399 915 107 861___________________________________________________________________________________________________________________(*) Other activities  unallocated items and eliminations(A) PSA was identified as the accounting acquirer in the Merger  which was accounted for as a reverse acquisition  under IFRS 3 – Business Combinations  and  as such  it contributed to the results of the Company beginning January 1  2021. FCA was consolidated into Stellantis effective January 17  2021  the day after the Merger became effective(B) FCA consolidated Net revenues  January 1 - January 16  2021  excluding intercompany transactions(C) Reclassifications made to present FCA’s Net revenues January 1 - January 16  2021 consistently with that of PSA(D) Pro Forma Stellantis consolidated Net revenues  January 1 - September 30  2021NOTES(1) Combined shipments include shipments by the Company's consolidated subsidiaries and unconsolidated joint ventures  whereas Consolidated shipments only include shipments by the Company's consolidated subsidiaries.(2) Completed merger of Peugeot S.A. (“PSA”) with and into Fiat Chrysler Automobiles N.V. (“FCA”) on January 16  2021 (“Merger”). On January 17  2021  combined company was renamed Stellantis N.V. (“Stellantis” or “Company”). PSA was determined to be the acquirer for accounting purposes  therefore  the historical financial statements of Stellantis represent the continuing operations of PSA  which also reflect the loss of control and the classification of Faurecia S.E. (""Faurecia"") as a discontinued operation as of January 1  2021 with the restatement of comparative periods. Acquisition date of business combination was January 17  2021  therefore  results of FCA for the period January 1 - 16  2021 are excluded from YTD 2021 results unless otherwise stated. YTD 2021 Pro Forma results are presented as if the Merger had occurred on January 1  2020 and include results of FCA for the period January 1 – 16  2021.(3) Adjusted operating income/(loss) excludes from Net profit/(loss) from continuing operations adjustments comprising restructuring  impairments  asset write-offs  disposals of investments and unusual operating income/(expense) that are considered rare or discrete events and are infrequent in nature  as inclusion of such items is not considered to be indicative of the Company's ongoing operating performance  and also excludes Net financial expenses/(income)  Tax expense/(benefit) and Share of the profit/(loss) of equity method investees.Unusual operating income/(expense) are impacts from strategic decisions  as well as events considered rare or discrete and infrequent in nature  as inclusion of such items is not considered to be indicative of the Company's ongoing operating performance. Unusual operating income/(expense) includes  but may not be limited to: impacts from strategic decisions to rationalize Stellantis' core operations; facility-related costs stemming from Stellantis' plans to match production capacity and cost structure to market demand; and convergence and integration costs directly related to significant acquisitions or mergers.(4) Industrial free cash flows is calculated as Cash flows from operating activities less: cash flows from operating activities from discontinued operations; cash flows from operating activities related to financial services  net of eliminations; investments in property  plant and equipment and intangible assets for industrial activities; contributions of equity to joint ventures and minor acquisitions of consolidated subsidiaries and equity method and other investments; and adjusted for: net intercompany payments between continuing operations and discontinued operations; proceeds from disposal of assets and contributions to defined benefit pension plans  net of tax. The timing of Industrial free cash flows may be affected by the timing of monetization of receivables and the payment of accounts payables  as well as changes in other components of working capital  which can vary from period to period due to  among other things  cash management initiatives and other factors  some of which may be outside of the Company’s control.(5) Source: China State Information Center (SIC)  S&P Global  Ward's Automotive and Company estimates.Rankings  market share and other industry information is derived from third-party industry sources (e.g. Agence Nationale des Titres Sécurisés (ANTS)  Associação Nacional dos Fabricantes de Veículos Automotores (ANFAVEA)  Unione Nazionale Rappresentanti Veicoli Esteri (UNRAE)  Ward’s Automotive) and internal information.For purposes of this document  and unless otherwise stated  rankings  market share and other industry information are for passenger cars (PC) plus light commercial vehicles (LCV)  except as noted below:Middle East & Africa exclude Iran  Sudan and Syria;India & Asia Pacific reflects aggregate for major markets where Stellantis competes (Japan (PC)  India (PC)  South Korea (PC + Pickups)  Australia  New Zealand and South East Asia);China represents PC only; andMaserati reflects aggregate for 17 major markets where Maserati competes and is derived from S&P Global data  Maserati competitive segment and internal information.Prior period figures have been updated to reflect current information provided by third-party industry sources.Rankings  market share and other industry information relating to YTD 2021 includes FCA for the period January 1 - 16  2021.Commercial Vehicles market share refers to light commercial vehicles.EU30 = EU 27 (excluding Malta)  Iceland  Norway  Switzerland and UK.Low emission vehicles (LEV) = battery electric (BEV)  plug-in hybrid (PHEV) and fuel cell electric (FCEV).All Stellantis reported BEV and LEV sales include Citroën Ami and Opel Rocks-e; in countries where these vehicles are classified as quadricycles they are excluded from Stellantis reported combined sales  industry sales and market share figures.SAFE HARBOR STATEMENTThis document  in particular references to “FY 2022 Guidance”  contains forward looking statements. In particular  statements regarding future financial performance and the Company’s expectations as to the achievement of certain targeted metrics  including revenues  industrial free cash flows  vehicle shipments  capital investments  research and development costs and other expenses at any future date or for any future period are forward-looking statements. These statements may include terms such as “may”  “will”  “expect”  “could”  “should”  “intend”  “estimate”  “anticipate”  “believe”  “remain”  “on track”  “design”  “target”  “objective”  “goal”  “forecast”  “projection”  “outlook”  “prospects”  “plan”  or similar terms. Forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance. Rather  they are based on the Company’s current state of knowledge  future expectations and projections about future events and are by their nature  subject to inherent risks and uncertainties. They relate to events and depend on circumstances that may or may not occur or exist in the future and  as such  undue reliance should not be placed on them.Actual results may differ materially from those expressed in forward-looking statements as a result of a variety of factors  including: the continued impact of unfilled semiconductor orders; the Company’s ability to realize the anticipated benefits of the merger; the continued impact of the COVID-19 pandemic; the Company’s ability to launch new products successfully and to maintain vehicle shipment volumes; the Company’s ability to successfully manage the industry-wide transition from internal combustion engines to full electrification; changes in the global financial markets  general economic environment and changes in demand for automotive products  which is subject to cyclicality; changes in local economic and political conditions; changes in trade policy  the imposition of global and regional tariffs or tariffs targeted to the automotive industry  the enactment of tax reforms or other changes in tax laws and regulations; the Company’s ability to produce or procure electric batteries with competitive performance  cost and at required volumes; the Company’s ability to offer innovative  attractive products and to develop  manufacture and sell vehicles with advanced features including enhanced electrification  connectivity and autonomous driving characteristics; various types of claims  lawsuits  governmental investigations and other contingencies  including product liability and warranty claims and environmental claims  investigations and lawsuits; material operating expenditures in relation to compliance with environmental  health and safety regulations; the level of competition in the automotive industry  which may increase due to consolidation; exposure to shortfalls in the funding of the Company’s defined benefit pension plans; the Company’s ability to provide or arrange for access to adequate financing for dealers and retail customers and associated risks related to the establishment and operations of financial services companies; the Company’s ability to access funding to execute its business plans; a significant malfunction  disruption or security breach compromising information technology systems or the electronic control systems contained in the Company’s vehicles; the Company’s ability to realize anticipated benefits from joint venture arrangements; disruptions arising from political  social and economic instability; risks associated with the Company’s relationships with employees  dealers and suppliers; increases in costs  disruptions of supply or shortages of raw materials  parts  components and systems used in the Company’s vehicles; the Company’s ability to maintain effective internal controls over financial reporting; developments in labor and industrial relations and developments in applicable labor laws; exchange rate fluctuations  interest rate changes  credit risk and other market risks; political and civil unrest; earthquakes or other disasters; and other risks and uncertainties.Any forward-looking statements contained in this document speak only as of the date of this document and the Company disclaims any obligation to update or revise publicly forward-looking statements. Further information concerning the Company and its businesses  including factors that could materially affect the Company’s financial results  is included in the Company’s reports and filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission and AFM.Attachment",neutral,0.1,0.9,0.0,mixed,0.67,0.22,0.12,True,English,"['Q3 2022 Net Revenues', 'Strong Growth', 'Full-Year Guidance', 'Stellantis', 'Dare Forward 2030 strategic plan goals', ""Stellantis' carbon net zero ambition"", ""Stellantis' first Circular Economy Hub"", 'favorable FX translation effects', 'Operating Income Margin(3) Double-Digit', 'Industrial Free Cash Flows', 'Stellantis’ strategic technical domains', 'future-generation electrified dual-clutch transmissions', 'Dare Forward 2030 electrification roadmap', 'Dodge Charger Daytona SRT', 'Ram 1500 Revolution BEV Concept', 'Total new vehicle inventory', 'New Jeep Avenger BEV', 'Commercial Vehicles market leader', 'Q3 global BEV sales', 'semiconductor order fulfillment', 'Safe Harbor Statement', '2022 Paris Motor Show', 'joint venture partner', 'widest collaborative ecosystems', 'Jeep EV Days', 'bold electrification plans', 'Stellantis’ Mirafiori Complex', 'The Mirafiori Complex', 'strong net pricing', 'low emission vehicles', 'U.S. share', 'battery electric vehicles', 'EU30 market share', 'Q3 2022 Net Revenues', 'South America Stable', 'YTD 2021 Pro Forma', 'The Hub', 'new agreement', 'global sales', 'global leader', '4,210 Net revenues', 'electrified vehicles', 'vehicle reconditioning', 'vehicle dismantling', 'SUV electrification', 'electrification technologies', 'Jeep ® brand', 'Jeep brand', 'Company inventory', 'Strong Growth', 'strong demand', '112k vehicles', 'North America', 'Stellantis hybrid', 'Full-Year Guidance', 'higher volumes', 'Consolidated shipments', 'logistics challenges', 'enthusiastic response', 'fast pace', 'Las Vegas', 'worldwide debut', 'Richard Palmer', 'CONTINUING OPERATIONS', 'Combined shipments', 'FY 2022 GUIDANCE', 'INDUSTRY OUTLOOK', 'Middle East', 'Asia Pacific', 'additional detail', 'giant step', '1st Edition', 'same day', 'growing demand', 'Punch Powertrain', 'existing capacity', 'three activities', 'sustainable use', '1,000 different partners', 'autonomous driving', 'advanced propulsion', 'ranking references', 'electrified future', '1,281k units', '926k units', '275k units', '179k units', 'Enlarged Europe', '68k units', '21k units', 'performance brand', 'Legacy FCA', '22.6% share', '29.2% share', '000 units', 'improvement', 'September', 'December', 'summer', 'January', 'CFO', 'RESULTS', 'Africa', 'India', 'China', 'July', 'Basis', 'preparation', 'data', 'IFRS', 'Merger', 'period', 'section', 'Notes', 'document', 'AMSTERDAM', 'BEVs', 'progress', 'class', 'four', 'announcement', 'production', 'eDCT', 'Turin', 'Italy', 'Metz', 'France', 'parts', 'mobility', 'biggest', 'projects', 'connectivity', 'Segments', '160']",2022-11-03,2022-11-03,globenewswire.com
12631,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/kahlua-and-gail-simmons-put-a-new-twist-on-the-espresso-martini-301668321.html,Kahlúa and Gail Simmons Put a New Twist on The Espresso Martini,The Iconic Coffee Liqueur and Culinary Personality Stir Up At-Home Holiday Entertaining with a Custom Cocktail Kit that Takes the Espresso Martini to a New Level NEW YORK  Nov. 3  2022 /PRNewswire/ -- This holiday season  Kahlúa is teaming up with famed culin…,"To make it easy and fun for anyone to put their seasonal spin on the popular cocktail  the world's #1 coffee liqueur is offering the limited-edition Stir It Up with Kahlúa & Gail Simmons: Espresso Martini Kit   which supplies Gail's recipe  festive trimmings and table decor  and the makings for a Kahlúa Espresso Martini. Whether staying in for date night or hosting an intimate dinner party  the Kahlúa kit is an easy way to playfully elevate at-home holiday occasions  and is also the perfect gift for hosts and cocktail connoisseurs alike.""The Stemless Cocoa Cup was a labor of love  taking inspiration from the rich and smooth taste of my go-to cocktail  the Kahlúa Espresso Martini. It's a new and simple way to enjoy the beloved cocktail  made with ingredients found in most kitchens  while leaving room for people to put their own twist on it with a variety of garnishes "" said Simmons. ""As someone who spends ample time in the kitchen  I'm always looking for ways to help people stir up everyday classics and I think the chocolate tart recipe will quickly become a go-to for holiday hosts!""To complement the recipe  the celebrated coffee liqueur is making an evening of entertaining at home all the more merry by supplying Kahlúa Espresso Martini essentials and the seasonal trimmings to match. From candy canes and toasted hazelnuts to turbinado sugar and festive sprinkles  cocktail and baking enthusiasts alike can take advantage of the limited-edition kit to customize the chocolate tart for both the occasion and their palette before pouring in the beloved Kahlúa Espresso Martini. Gail's pro tip: as the seasons change  so can the trimmings and cocktail napkins to match!""With some of the busiest days of the year ahead of us  taking time for each other and spending a night in to stir up something special with friends and family is exactly what the Stir It Up with Kahlúa & Gail Simmons: Espresso Martini Kit is designed to do "" says Rima Sawaya  Brand Director  Kahlúa Coffee Liqueur. ""At Kahlúa  we believe in breaking with routine and trying something new  so we thought it was best to start with how we sip the Espresso Martini.""From a cozy date night to an intimate dinner party  the Stir It Up with Kahlúa & Gail Simmons: Espresso Martini Kit is the perfect purchase to make at-home occasions all the more special this holiday season  as well as a thoughtful gift for hosts and cocktail connoisseurs alike. The kit includes the pairing of Kahlúa (750ml) and Absolut (375ml); espresso; seasonal garnishes (candy canes  hazelnuts  turbinado sugar  sprinkles); a muffin tin for baking; and a garnish board and place-card holders to stir up how consumers garnish the sip at home. The kit will be exclusively available on CocktailCourier.com through Dec. 17.About KahlúaKahlúa  the Mexican coffee liqueur  made with 100% Arabica coffee beans. Our story began in 1936 in Mexico with one big passion – coffee. The unique and intense flavor of our coffee liqueur is rooted in our Mexican heritage and achieved by only using the finest quality coffee beans out there – the Arabica Coffee bean. Grown on a 1.25 – 1.55 miles altitude  the coffee used in the making of Kahlúa is associated with a rich intense flavor and high quality. Since the 80's Kahlúa has been the world's leading coffee liqueur and withholds its position due to its unique  characteristic taste profile in combination with the increased global consumer demand for versatile coffee cocktails. Used in some of our most iconic – and trending cocktails  such as the Espresso Martini (currently the no. 3 most trending cocktail according to Difford's Guide in 2022)  Kahlúa is enjoyed by consumers worldwide in a wide range of sweet and refreshing coffee cocktails.About The Absolut CompanyThe Absolut Company has the worldwide responsibility for the production  innovation and strategic marketing of Absolut Vodka  Malibu  Kahlúa and Our/Vodka. Absolut Vodka is one of the world's largest spirits brand. Every bottle of Absolut Vodka comes from one source  Åhus in southern Sweden. Malibu is the number one rum-based coconut spirit in the world  sold in more than 150 countries. Kahlúa coffee liqueur is the world leader in its category. The head office is located in Stockholm  Sweden. Chairman and CEO is Stephanie Durroux. The Absolut Company is a part of Pernod Ricard  which holds one of the most prestigious brand portfolios in the sector.About Pernod Ricard USA ®Pernod Ricard USA is the premium spirits and wine company in the U.S.  and the largest subsidiary of Paris  France-based Pernod Ricard SA.  the world's second-largest spirits and wine company. Pernod Ricard employs approximately 19 000 people worldwide  is listed on Euronext (Ticker: RI) and is part of the CAC 40 index. The company's leading spirits include such prestigious brands as Absolut ® Vodka  Avión ® Tequila  Chivas Regal ® Scotch Whisky  The Glenlivet ® Single Malt Scotch Whisky  Jameson ® Irish Whiskey  Kahlúa ® Liqueur  Malibu ®  Martell ® Cognac  Olmeca Altos ® Tequila   Beefeater ® Gin  Del Maguey ® Single Village Mezcal  Monkey 47 ® Gin  Plymouth ® Gin  Seagram's ® Extra Dry Gin  Malfy ® Gin  Hiram Walker ® Liqueurs  Midleton ® Irish Whiskey  Powers ® Irish Whiskey  Redbreast ® Irish Whiskey  Aberlour ® Single Malt Scotch Whisky; Lillet ®; Smithworks ® Vodka  Jefferson's ® Bourbon  Smooth Ambler ® Whiskey  Rabbit Hole ® Whiskey  Pernod ® and Ricard ®; such superior wines as Jacob's Creek ®  Kenwood ® Vineyards  Campo Viejo ® and Brancott Estate ®; and such exquisite champagnes and sparkling wines as Perrier-Jouët ® Champagne  G.H. Mumm™ Champagne and Mumm Napa ® sparkling wines.Pernod Ricard USA is headquartered in New York  New York  and has more than 700 employees across the country. As ""creators of conviviality "" we are committed to sustainable and responsible business practices in service of our customers  consumers  employees and the planet. Pernod Ricard USA urges all adults to consume its products responsibly and has an active program to promote responsible drinking. For more information on this  please visit: www.responsibility.org.Media contact:Blaine Rueber  [email protected]Bridget Johnson  [email protected]SOURCE Kahlua",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,positive,0.92,0.08,0.0,True,English,"['The Espresso Martini', 'Kahlúa', 'Gail Simmons', 'New Twist', 'The Glenlivet ® Single Malt Scotch Whisky', 'Chivas Regal ® Scotch Whisky', 'Kahlúa Espresso Martini essentials', 'beloved Kahlúa Espresso Martini', 'The Stemless Cocoa Cup', 'unique, characteristic taste profile', 'finest quality coffee beans', 'Kahlúa Kahlúa', 'Kahlúa Coffee Liqueur', 'Single Village Mezcal', '100% Arabica coffee beans', 'Espresso Martini Kit', 'Kahlúa ® Liqueur', 'intimate dinner party', 'global consumer demand', 'rum-based coconut spirit', 'Jameson ® Irish Whiskey', 'one big passion', 'versatile coffee cocktails', 'refreshing coffee cocktails', 'Kahlúa kit', 'The Absolut Company', 'Mexican coffee liqueur', 'leading coffee liqueur', 'Pernod Ricard USA', 'Pernod Ricard SA', 'prestigious brand portfolios', 'cozy date night', 'largest spirits brand', 'rich intense flavor', '3 most trending cocktail', 'chocolate tart recipe', 'home holiday occasions', 'beloved cocktail', 'trending cocktails', 'smooth taste', 'high quality', 'leading spirits', 'Brand Director', 'most kitchens', 'Mexican heritage', 'one source', 'prestigious brands', 'holiday season', 'wine company', 'largest subsidiary', 'limited-edition kit', 'home occasions', 'premium spirits', 'Absolut Vodka', 'Absolut ® Vodka', 'seasonal spin', 'limited-edition Stir', 'table decor', 'easy way', 'perfect gift', 'simple way', 'everyday classics', 'candy canes', 'pro tip', 'busiest days', 'Rima Sawaya', 'perfect purchase', 'thoughtful gift', 'muffin tin', 'garnish board', 'place-card holders', '1.25 – 1.55 miles altitude', 'wide range', 'worldwide responsibility', 'strategic marketing', 'head office', 'Stephanie Durroux', 'U.S.', 'CAC 40 index', 'Avión', 'Olmeca Altos', 'Beefeater ® Gin', 'Del Maguey', 'popular cocktail', 'cocktail connoisseurs', 'cocktail napkins', 'festive trimmings', 'holiday hosts', 'seasonal trimmings', 'ample time', 'festive sprinkles', 'baking enthusiasts', 'seasonal garnishes', 'turbinado sugar', 'southern Sweden', 'Gail Simmons', 'world leader', 'makings', 'labor', 'inspiration', 'new', 'ingredients', 'room', 'people', 'twist', 'variety', 'someone', 'ways', 'evening', 'hazelnuts', 'advantage', 'palette', 'seasons', 'year', 'something', 'friends', 'family', 'routine', 'pairing', 'consumers', 'sip', 'CocktailCourier', 'Dec.', 'story', 'Mexico', 'position', 'combination', 'Difford', 'Guide', 'sweet', 'innovation', 'Malibu', 'bottle', 'Åhus', 'number', '150 countries', 'category', 'Stockholm', 'Chairman', 'CEO', 'sector', 'Paris', 'France-based', 'Euronext', 'Ticker', 'Tequila', 'Martell', 'Cognac', 'Monkey']",2022-11-03,2022-11-03,prnewswire.com
12632,EuroNext,Bing API,https://markets.buffalonews.com/buffnews/article/gnwcq-2022-11-3-cellectis-provides-business-update-and-reports-financial-results-for-third-quarter-and-first-nine-months-2022,Cellectis Provides Business Update and Reports Financial Results for Third Quarter and First Nine Months 2022,Cellectis (Euronext Growth: ALCLS – Nasdaq: CLLS)  a clinical-stage biotechnology company using its pioneering gene-editing platform to develop potentially life-saving cell and gene therapies  announced its results for the three-month and nine-month periods ending September 30 ,Cellectis (Euronext Growth: ALCLS – Nasdaq: CLLS)  a clinical-stage biotechnology company using its pioneering gene-editing platform to develop potentially life-saving cell and gene therapies  announced its results for the three-month and nine-month periods ending September 30 ,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['First Nine Months', 'Business Update', 'Financial Results', 'Third Quarter', 'Cellectis', 'Reports', 'clinical-stage biotechnology company', 'pioneering gene-editing platform', 'Euronext Growth', 'life-saving cell', 'gene therapies', 'nine-month periods', 'Cellectis', 'ALCLS', 'Nasdaq', 'CLLS', 'results', 'three-month', 'September']",2022-11-03,2022-11-03,markets.buffalonews.com
12633,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.lelezard.com/en/news-20641561.html,MaaT Pharma Announces Oral and Poster Presentations at the 64th American Society of Hematology (ASH) Annual Meeting,"MaaT Pharma (EURONEXT: MAAT ? the ""Company"")  a French clinical-stage biotech and a pioneer in the development of Microbiome Ecosystem TherapiesTM (MET) dedicated to improving survival outcomes for patients with cancer ","MaaT Pharma Announces Oral and Poster Presentations at the 64th American Society of Hematology (ASH) Annual MeetingRegulatory News:MaaT Pharma (EURONEXT: MAAT ? the ""Company"")  a French clinical-stage biotech and a pioneer in the development of Microbiome Ecosystem TherapiesTM (MET) dedicated to improving survival outcomes for patients with cancer  announced today that extended results from its Early Access Program (EAP) of MaaT013 in patients with GI-aGvHD have been selected for oral presentation at the 64thAmerican Society of Hematology (ASH) Annual Meeting held from December 10-13  2022  in New-Orleans  Louisiana  U.S.A. Additionally  detailed results of the Phase 1b trial of MaaT033 in patients with acute myeloid leukemia (AML) were selected for presentation in a poster session. This is the sixth year in a row that the Company's clinical data are selected for presentation at the ASH Conference  the world-leading event in malignant and non-malignant hematology  and the third year in a row for an oral presentation.In line with the conference embargo policy  MaaT Pharma will detail the presented results through a press release on Saturday  December 10  2022. The Company will also host an investor webcast on Monday  December 12th  2022  at 6:00pm CET (additional details will be provided at a later date).The EAP results include data from 81 patients treated with MaaT013  with steroid-resistant or steroid-dependent aGvHD with GI involvement  who had previously failed 1 to 6 lines(median: 2) of systemic therapy; MaaT Pharma provided the MET product to hospitals under a compassionate access program in France. In parallel  MaaT013 is currently being evaluated in a pivotal  open-label  single-arm Phase 3 trial in Europe (n=75) in GI-aGvHD patients refractory to corticosteroids and ruxolitinib; a first data review is expected in the first half of 2023. As of today  MaaT013 has been safely administered to more than 160 patients in Europe in clinical trials and in the Expanded Access Program in France.Oral Presentation:Title: Pooled Fecal Allogenic Microbiotherapy for Refractory Gastrointestinal Acute Graft-Versus-Host Disease: Results from the Early Access Program in FrancePresenter: Professor Mohamad Mohty  hematology professor and Head of the Hematology and Cellular Therapy Department at the Saint-Antoine Hospital and Sorbonne UniversityPublication Number: 112Session: 722. Allogeneic Transplantation: Acute and Chronic GVHD  Immune Reconstitution: Clinical Studies Exploring the Immunobiology of HCTSession Date/Time: Saturday  December 10  2022; 10:15am ESTRoom: 252-254 (Ernest N. Morial Convention Center)Poster Presentation:Title: Restoration Of Gut Microbiota Diversity With Oral Pooled Fecal Microbiotherapy In Acute Myeloid Leukemia Patients After Intensive Chemotherapy: The Phase 1b CIMON TrialPresenter: Professor Mohamad Mohty  hematology professor and Head of the Hematology and Cellular Therapy Department at the Saint-Antoine Hospital and Sorbonne UniversityPoster number: 2765Session: 616. Acute Myeloid Leukemias: Investigational Therapies  Excluding Transplantation and Cellular ImmunotherapiesSession Date/Time: Sunday  December 11  2022: 6:00pm -8:00pm ESTRoom: Hall D (Ernest N. Morial Convention Center)Upcoming scientific conferences participationsNovember 8-10  2022 ? 9 th International Human Microbiome Consortium (IHMC) Congress: Poster and oral presentationInternational Human Microbiome Consortium (IHMC) Congress: November 9-11  2022 ? 21 st Société Francophone de Greffe de Moelle et de Thérapie Cellulaire (SFGM-TC) Congress - Booth #10 ? poster and oral presentation(SFGM-TC) Congress - December 10-13  2022 - 64th American Society of Hematology (ASH) Annual Meeting: Poster and oral presentationAbout MaaT013MaaT013 is a full-ecosystem  off-the-shelf  standardized  pooled-donor  enema Microbiome Ecosystem TherapyTM for acute  hospital use. It is characterized by a consistently high diversity and richness of microbial species and the presence of ButycoreTM (group of bacterial species known to produce anti-inflammatory metabolites). MaaT013 aims to restore the symbiotic relationship between the patient's functional gut microbiome and their immune system to correct the responsiveness and tolerance of immune functions and thus reduce steroid-resistant  gastrointestinal-predominant aGvHD. MaaT013 has been granted Orphan Drug Designation by the US Food and Drug Administration (FDA) and the European Medicines Agency (EMA).About MaaT033MaaT033 is an oral  full-ecosystem  off-the-shelf  standardized  pooled-donor  high-richness Microbiome Ecosystem TherapyTM. MaaT033 is designed to restore the gut ecosystem to full functionality to improve clinical outcomes as well as to control adverse events related to conventional treatments for liquid tumors. The capsule formulation facilitates administration and allows the potential to treat larger patients' population while maintaining the high and consistent richness and diversity of microbial species  including anti-inflammatory ButycoreTM species.About MaaT PharmaMaaT Pharma  a clinical stage biotechnology company  has established a complete approach to restoring patient-microbiome symbiosis in oncology. Committed to treating cancer and graft-versus-host disease (GvHD)  a serious complication of allogeneic stem cell transplantation  MaaT Pharma has launched  in March 2022 in Europe  a Phase 3 clinical trial for patients with acute GvHD  following the achievement of its proof of concept in a Phase 2 trial. Its powerful discovery and analysis platform  gutPrint®  supports the development and expansion of its pipeline by determining novel disease targets  evaluating drug candidates  and identifying biomarkers for microbiome-related conditions. The company's Microbiome Ecosystem Therapies are produced through a standardized cGMP manufacturing and quality control process to safely deliver the full diversity of the microbiome  in liquid and oral formulations. MaaT Pharma benefits from the commitment of world-leading scientists and established relationships with regulators to support the integration of the use of microbiome therapies in clinical practice. MaaT Pharma is the first company developing microbiome-based therapies listed on Euronext Paris (ticker: MAAT).Forward-looking StatementsAll statements other than statements of historical fact included in this press release about future events are subject to (i) change without notice and (ii) factors beyond the Company's control. These statements may include  without limitation  any statements preceded by  followed by or including words such as ""target "" ""believe "" ""expect "" ""aim "" ""intend "" ""may "" ""anticipate "" ""estimate "" ""plan "" ""project "" ""will "" ""can have "" ""likely "" ""should "" ""would "" ""could"" and other words and terms of similar meaning or the negative thereof. Forward-looking statements are subject to inherent risks and uncertainties beyond the Company's control that could cause the Company's actual results or performance to be materially different from the expected results or performance expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements.1 Allo-HCT: allogeneic hematopoietic cell therapyNews published on 3 november 2022 at 13:05 and distributed by:",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.01,0.99,True,English,"['64th American Society', 'MaaT Pharma', 'Poster Presentations', 'Oral', 'Hematology', 'Ernest N. Morial Convention Center', 'pivotal, open-label, single-arm Phase 3 trial', 'Refractory Gastrointestinal Acute Graft-Versus-Host Disease', '9 th International Human Microbiome Consortium', 'Phase 1b CIMON Trial Presenter', 'Upcoming scientific conferences participations', '21 st Société Francophone', 'enema Microbiome Ecosystem TherapyTM', 'high-richness Microbiome Ecosystem TherapyTM', 'Oral Pooled Fecal Microbiotherapy', 'Sorbonne University Publication Number', 'Phase 1b trial', 'Cellular Immunotherapies Session Date/Time', 'Acute Myeloid Leukemia Patients', 'Fecal Allogenic Microbiotherapy', 'Thérapie Cellulaire', 'Microbiome Ecosystem TherapiesTM', 'Acute Myeloid Leukemias', 'functional gut microbiome', 'French clinical-stage biotech', 'Early Access Program', 'U.S.A.', 'compassionate access program', 'Expanded Access Program', 'Cellular Therapy Department', 'European Medicines Agency', '64th American Society', 'conference embargo policy', 'Professor Mohamad Mohty', 'acute, hospital use', 'Orphan Drug Designation', ""larger patients' population"", 'Gut Microbiota Diversity', 'first data review', 'steroid-resistant, gastrointestinal-predominant aGvHD', 'The EAP results', 'gut ecosystem', 'France Presenter', '64thAmerican Society', 'systemic therapy', 'Poster number', 'ASH Conference', 'steroid-dependent aGvHD', 'first half', 'Saint-Antoine Hospital', 'oral, full-ecosystem', 'Regulatory News', 'survival outcomes', 'sixth year', 'clinical data', 'world-leading event', 'third year', 'press release', 'investor webcast', 'additional details', 'later date', 'GI involvement', '1 to 6 lines', 'clinical trials', 'Chronic GVHD', 'Immune Reconstitution', 'Clinical Studies', 'Intensive Chemotherapy', 'Investigational Therapies', 'Hall D', 'microbial species', 'bacterial species', 'anti-inflammatory metabolites', 'symbiotic relationship', 'immune system', 'immune functions', 'US Food', 'Drug Administration', 'full functionality', 'clinical outcomes', 'adverse events', 'conventional treatments', 'liquid tumors', 'anti-inflammatory Butyco', 'oral presentation', 'hematology professor', 'MaaT Pharma', 'detailed results', 'Poster Presentations', 'poster session', 'Allogeneic Transplantation', 'high diversity', 'consistent richness', 'non-malignant hematology', 'The Company', 'GI-aGvHD patients', '81 patients', '160 patients', 'EURONEXT', 'pioneer', 'development', 'cancer', 'MaaT013', 'December', 'New-Orleans', 'Louisiana', 'MaaT033', 'AML', 'row', 'Saturday', 'Monday', '6:00pm', 'product', 'hospitals', 'parallel', 'corticosteroids', 'ruxolitinib', 'today', 'Title', 'Head', 'Immunobiology', 'HCT', 'Room', 'Restoration', 'Sunday', 'IHMC', 'Congress', 'November', 'Greffe', 'Moelle', 'SFGM-TC', 'Booth', 'shelf', 'presence', 'ButycoreTM', 'group', 'responsiveness', 'tolerance', 'FDA', 'capsule', 'formulation', 'potential', '10:15']",2022-11-03,2022-11-03,lelezard.com
12634,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.finanznachrichten.de/nachrichten-2022-11/57486073-advicenne-announces-its-upcoming-participation-in-two-of-the-most-important-international-investor-conferences-004.htm,Advicenne Announces Its Upcoming Participation in Two of the Most Important International Investor Conferences,Advicenne (Euronext Growth Paris ALDVI FR0013296746) (Paris:ALDVI)  a specialty pharmaceutical company dedicated to developing and commercializing innovative treatments for those,"Regulatory News:Advicenne (Euronext Growth Paris ALDVI FR0013296746) (Paris:ALDVI)  a specialty pharmaceutical company dedicated to developing and commercializing innovative treatments for those suffering from rare renal diseases  today announces today its participation in two major international healthcare investor conferences:Jefferies London Healthcare Conference   London  November 15-17  2022  London  November 15-17  2022 J.P. Morgan Health Care Conference  San Francisco  January 9-12  2023""Our participation in the two largest conferences in our industry gives us the opportunity to meet with the most demanding investors as well as the leading players in business development. This year  our presence in London and San Francisco takes on a special meaning in the context of the sustained commercial deployment of Sibnayal in Europe and the research for an American partner for the co-development and marketing of this treatment across the Atlantic. The many meetings already scheduled with major names confirm the interest in our flagship product and  more generally  in Advicenne»  said Didier Laurens  Chief Executive Officer of Advicenne.About AdvicenneAdvicenne (Euronext: ALDVI) is a specialty pharmaceutical company founded in 2007  specializing in the development of innovative treatments in Nephrology. Its lead product Sibnayal (ADV 7103) has received its Marketing Approval for distal renal tubular acidosis in EU and the UK. ADV 7103 is currently in late-stage development in cystinuria in Europe and in dRTA and cystinuria in the US and in Canada. Headquartered in Paris  Advicenne  listed on the Euronext Paris stock exchange since 2017  has now been listed on Euronext Growth Paris since its transfer on March 30  2022. For additional information see: https://advicenne.com/.DisclaimerThis press release contains certain forward-looking statements concerning Advicenne group and its business  including its prospects and product candidate development. Such forward-looking statements are based on assumptions that Advicenne considers to be reasonable. However  there can be no assurance that the estimates contained in such forward-looking statements will be verified  which estimates are subject to numerous risks including the risks set forth in the 2021 Universal Registration Document filed with the French financial market authority on April 29  2022 (a copy of which is available on www.advicenne.com) and to the development of economic conditions  financial markets  and the markets in which Advicenne operates. The forward-looking statements contained in this press release are also subject to risks not yet known to Advicenne or not currently considered material by Advicenne. The occurrence of all or part of such risks could cause actual results  financial conditions  performance  or achievements of Advicenne to be materially different from such forward-looking statements. Advicenne expressly declines any obligation to update such forward-looking statements.View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20221103005917/en/Contacts:AdvicenneDidier Laurens  CEO+33 (0)1 87 44 40 17Email: investors@advicenne.comUlysse CommunicationMedia relationsBruno Arabian+33 (0)6 87 88 47 26Email: barabian@ulysse-communication.com",neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,mixed,0.17,0.11,0.72,True,English,"['Important International Investor Conferences', 'Upcoming Participation', 'Advicenne', 'J.P. Morgan Health Care Conference', 'two major international healthcare investor conferences', 'Jefferies London Healthcare Conference', 'distal renal tubular acidosis', 'French financial market authority', 'Euronext Paris stock exchange', 'two largest conferences', 'Euronext Growth Paris ALDVI', 'rare renal diseases', 'specialty pharmaceutical company', 'sustained commercial deployment', 'Chief Executive Officer', '2021 Universal Registration Document', 'View source version', 'Such forward-looking statements', 'product candidate development', 'major names', 'financial conditions', 'flagship product', 'lead product', 'financial markets', 'Regulatory News', 'innovative treatments', 'San Francisco', 'leading players', 'special meaning', 'American partner', 'many meetings', 'Didier Laurens', 'additional information', 'press release', 'economic conditions', 'actual results', 'Media relations', 'Bruno Arabian', 'late-stage development', 'demanding investors', 'Marketing Approval', 'numerous risks', 'business development', 'Advicenne group', 'Ulysse Communication', 'participation', 'industry', 'opportunity', 'presence', 'context', 'Sibnayal', 'Europe', 'research', 'Atlantic', 'interest', 'Nephrology', 'UK', 'cystinuria', 'dRTA', 'Canada', 'transfer', 'March', 'Disclaimer', 'prospects', 'assumptions', 'assurance', 'estimates', 'April', 'copy', 'performance', 'achievements', 'obligation', 'businesswire', 'Contacts', 'CEO', 'Email', 'barabian', '6']",2022-11-05,2022-11-03,finanznachrichten.de
12635,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.marketwatch.com/story/euronext-3q-rev-eur301-4m-271667495707,Euronext 3Q Rev EUR301.4M,By Michael Susin Euronext NV reported on Thursday a less-than-feared drop in revenue and adjusted Ebitda in the third quarter  supported by a,By Michael SusinEuronext NV reported on Thursday a less-than-feared drop in revenue and adjusted Ebitda in the third quarter  supported by a diversified business model and cost control.The pan-European market exchange said adjusted earnings before interest  taxes  amortization and depreciation--a metric that strips out exceptional and other one-off items--was 199.9 million euros ($196.3 million)  compared with EUR350.6 million in the same period a year ago  and with a company-provided consensus forecast of EUR190.4 million.The company reported a net profit decline to EUR75.8 million from EUR115.8 million. This compares with a forecast of EUR61.6 million.Revenue fell to EUR301.4 million from EUR350.6 million the prior year  above the company-compiled consensus of EUR297.0 million  driven by non-volume related business.Adjusted Ebitda margin came in at 57.1%  down from 59.6% but above market expectations of 56.5%.Euronext said performance is in line with its cost guidance for 2022 of EUR612 million.Write to Michael Susin at michael.susin@wsj.com,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.96,0.03,True,English,"['Euronext 3Q Rev', 'diversified business model', 'net profit decline', 'volume related business', 'pan-European market exchange', 'Adjusted Ebitda margin', 'company-provided consensus forecast', 'company-compiled consensus', 'market expectations', 'feared drop', 'third quarter', 'cost control', '9 million euros', 'same period', 'cost guidance', 'Michael Susin', 'Euronext NV', 'Thursday', 'revenue', 'earnings', 'interest', 'taxes', 'amortization', 'depreciation', 'exceptional', 'other', 'items', 'year', 'non', 'performance', '19', '59']",2022-11-03,2022-11-03,marketwatch.com
12636,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.msn.com/en-gb/finance/other/euronext-italian-arm-to-become-group-wide-clearer-from-end-2023/ar-AA13Hyyq,Euronext Italian arm to become group-wide clearer from end 2023,Pan-European stock exchange Euronext said on Thursday that customers will be able to clear all share trades at its Italian arm from the end of 2023  a move that ends reliance on a London Stock Exchange Group (LSEG) unit in Paris.,"© Reuters/BENOIT TESSIER FILE PHOTO: The Euronext stock exchange is pictured at the La Defense business district in ParisBy Huw JonesLONDON (Reuters) - Pan-European stock exchange Euronext said on Thursday that customers will be able to clear all share trades at its Italian arm from the end of 2023  a move that ends reliance on a London Stock Exchange Group (LSEG) unit in Paris.Euronext  which operates exchanges in Paris  Amsterdam  Brussels  Dublin  Lisbon  Milan and Oslo  has long relied on LCH SA in the French capital for clearing its stock and derivatives trades  but its acquisition of the Milan Exchange last year from LSEG included an in-house clearer.""This is the first milestone in the transformation of Euronext Clearing to create the Euronext clearing house of choice for its cash equity markets "" Euronext said in a third quarter trading statement.Clearing in derivatives traded on Euronext will follow in 2024.Customers could continue using LCH SA  in which Euronext has an 11.1% stake  for clearing share trades  but will have to shift all credit derivatives to Italy.As many are likely to shift stock and derivatives trading to Italy given efficiencies from using one location.LSEG said LCH SA would remain a key hub.""LCH SA is strategically important to LCH Group and LSEG  clearing the majority of the euro zone repo market and the majority of the euro credit derivatives market  in addition to many European equity market venues  including Euronext  Turquoise  CBOE and Aquis "" an LSEG spokesperson said.Clearing has become a politicised issue in the European Union following Brexit as the bloc seeks to end heavy reliance on LCH's London operation for clearing interest rate swaps  setting an end-June 2025 deadline for cutting off access to EU customers.""In December we will come forward with measures to make the European Union a more competitive and attractive clearing landscape by fostering the demand for and supply of derivatives products at EU central counterparties (CCPs) and by strengthening the EU supervisory framework for those CCPs "" EU financial services commissioner Mairead McGuinness said on Thursday.Earlier this week  Deutsche Boerse's Eurex Clearing offered payments to buy-side customers who relocate derivatives clearing from London in 2023 in anticipation of the EU legislation.(This story has been corrected to remove reference to credit in paragraph 4)(Reporting by Huw Jones; Editing by Mark Potter and Susan Fenton)",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,negative,0.02,0.21,0.76,True,English,"['Euronext Italian arm', 'end', 'many European equity market venues', 'euro zone repo market', 'BENOIT TESSIER FILE PHOTO', 'La Defense business district', 'third quarter trading statement', 'EU financial services commissioner', 'euro credit derivatives market', 'The Euronext stock exchange', 'Pan-European stock exchange Euronext', 'London Stock Exchange Group', 'cash equity markets', 'interest rate swaps', 'EU central counterparties', 'EU supervisory framework', 'attractive clearing landscape', 'Euronext clearing house', 'Milan Exchange', 'derivatives trading', 'European Union', 'LCH Group', 'EU legislation', 'house clearer', 'EU customers', 'Huw Jones', 'share trades', 'Italian arm', 'French capital', 'derivatives trades', 'first milestone', 'one location', 'key hub', 'politicised issue', 'London operation', 'end-June 2025 deadline', 'derivatives products', 'Mairead McGuinness', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'Eurex Clearing', 'Mark Potter', 'Susan Fenton', 'LCH SA', 'heavy reliance', 'side customers', 'LSEG) unit', 'LSEG spokesperson', 'Reuters', 'Paris', 'Thursday', 'move', 'exchanges', 'Amsterdam', 'Brussels', 'Dublin', 'Lisbon', 'Oslo', 'acquisition', 'transformation', 'choice', '11.1% stake', 'Italy', 'majority', 'addition', 'Turquoise', 'CBOE', 'Aquis', 'Brexit', 'bloc', 'access', 'December', 'measures', 'competitive', 'demand', 'supply', 'CCPs', 'payments', 'anticipation', 'story', 'reference', 'paragraph', 'Editing', '©']",2022-11-03,2022-11-03,msn.com
12637,EuroNext,Bing API,https://uk.sports.yahoo.com/news/euronext-italian-arm-become-group-165437898.html,Euronext Italian arm to become group-wide clearer from end 2023,Pan-European stock exchange Euronext said on Thursday that customers will be able to clear all share trades at its Italian arm from the end of 2023  a move that ends reliance on a London Stock Exchange Group (LSEG) unit in Paris.,"FILE PHOTO: The Euronext stock exchange is pictured at the La Defense business district in ParisBy Huw JonesLONDON (Reuters) - Pan-European stock exchange Euronext said on Thursday that customers will be able to clear all share trades at its Italian arm from the end of 2023  a move that ends reliance on a London Stock Exchange Group (LSEG) unit in Paris.Euronext  which operates exchanges in Paris  Amsterdam  Brussels  Dublin  Lisbon  Milan and Oslo  has long relied on LCH SA in the French capital for clearing its stock and derivatives trades  but its acquisition of the Milan Exchange last year from LSEG included an in-house clearer.""This is the first milestone in the transformation of Euronext Clearing to create the Euronext clearing house of choice for its cash equity markets "" Euronext said in a third quarter trading statement.Clearing in derivatives traded on Euronext will follow in 2024.Customers could continue using LCH SA  in which Euronext has an 11.1% stake  for clearing share trades  but will have to shift all credit derivatives to Italy.As many are likely to shift stock and derivatives trading to Italy given efficiencies from using one location.LSEG said LCH SA would remain a key hub.""LCH SA is strategically important to LCH Group and LSEG  clearing the majority of the euro zone repo market and the majority of the euro credit derivatives market  in addition to many European equity market venues  including Euronext  Turquoise  CBOE and Aquis "" an LSEG spokesperson said.Clearing has become a politicised issue in the European Union following Brexit as the bloc seeks to end heavy reliance on LCH's London operation for clearing interest rate swaps  setting an end-June 2025 deadline for cutting off access to EU customers.""In December we will come forward with measures to make the European Union a more competitive and attractive clearing landscape by fostering the demand for and supply of derivatives products at EU central counterparties (CCPs) and by strengthening the EU supervisory framework for those CCPs "" EU financial services commissioner Mairead McGuinness said on Thursday.Story continuesEarlier this week  Deutsche Boerse's Eurex Clearing offered payments to buy-side customers who relocate derivatives clearing from London in 2023 in anticipation of the EU legislation.(This story has been corrected to remove reference to credit in paragraph 4)(Reporting by Huw Jones; Editing by Mark Potter and Susan Fenton)",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,negative,0.02,0.21,0.76,True,English,"['Euronext Italian arm', 'end', 'many European equity market venues', 'euro zone repo market', 'La Defense business district', 'third quarter trading statement', 'EU financial services commissioner', 'euro credit derivatives market', 'The Euronext stock exchange', 'Pan-European stock exchange Euronext', 'London Stock Exchange Group', 'cash equity markets', 'interest rate swaps', 'EU central counterparties', 'EU supervisory framework', 'attractive clearing landscape', 'Euronext clearing house', 'Milan Exchange', 'derivatives trading', 'European Union', 'LCH Group', 'EU legislation', 'house clearer', 'EU customers', 'Huw Jones', 'share trades', 'Italian arm', 'French capital', 'derivatives trades', 'first milestone', 'one location', 'key hub', 'politicised issue', 'London operation', 'end-June 2025 deadline', 'derivatives products', 'Mairead McGuinness', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'Eurex Clearing', 'Mark Potter', 'Susan Fenton', 'LCH SA', 'heavy reliance', 'side customers', 'LSEG) unit', 'LSEG spokesperson', 'PHOTO', 'Paris', 'Reuters', 'Thursday', 'move', 'exchanges', 'Amsterdam', 'Brussels', 'Dublin', 'Lisbon', 'Oslo', 'acquisition', 'transformation', 'choice', '11.1% stake', 'Italy', 'majority', 'addition', 'Turquoise', 'CBOE', 'Aquis', 'Brexit', 'bloc', 'access', 'December', 'measures', 'competitive', 'demand', 'supply', 'CCPs', 'Story', 'payments', 'anticipation', 'reference', 'paragraph', 'Editing']",2022-11-03,2022-11-03,uk.sports.yahoo.com
12638,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,$EUXTF NEW ARTICLE : Euronext Non-GAAP EPS of €1.21  revenue of €301.4M https://t.co/t6KcJMTfgG Get all the latest… https://t.co/pwD2E2rrYf,nan,$EUXTF NEW ARTICLE : Euronext Non-GAAP EPS of €1.21  revenue of €301.4M https://t.co/t6KcJMTfgG Get all the latest… https://t.co/pwD2E2rrYf,neutral,0.11,0.88,0.01,neutral,0.11,0.88,0.01,True,English,"['Euronext Non-GAAP EPS', 'NEW ARTICLE', '1, revenue', 'Euronext Non-GAAP EPS', 'NEW ARTICLE', '1, revenue']",2022-11-03,2022-11-03,Unknown
12639,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,Euronext Italian arm to become group-wide clearer from end 2023 By Reuters https://t.co/JU69SI9xmI #breakingnews,nan,Euronext Italian arm to become group-wide clearer from end 2023 By Reuters https://t.co/JU69SI9xmI #breakingnews,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.0,True,English,"['Euronext Italian arm', 'group', 'end', 'Reuters', 'JU69SI9xmI', 'Euronext Italian arm', 'group', 'end', 'Reuters', 'JU69SI9xmI']",2022-11-03,2022-11-03,Unknown
12640,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,Euronext Announces Its Financial Calendar For 2023 https://t.co/XOr1Y9HlwE,nan,Euronext Announces Its Financial Calendar For 2023 https://t.co/XOr1Y9HlwE,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.0,True,English,"['Financial Calendar', 'Euronext', 'XOr1Y9HlwE', 'Financial Calendar', 'Euronext', 'XOr1Y9HlwE']",2022-11-03,2022-11-03,Unknown
12641,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,Euronext Italian arm to become group-wide clearer from end 2023. https://t.co/OFDvLRVidp,nan,Euronext Italian arm to become group-wide clearer from end 2023. https://t.co/OFDvLRVidp,neutral,0.11,0.88,0.02,neutral,0.11,0.88,0.02,True,English,"['Euronext Italian arm', 'end', 'OFDvLRVidp', 'Euronext Italian arm', 'end', 'OFDvLRVidp']",2022-11-03,2022-11-03,Unknown
12642,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,@ororealty @mining_great Nice to see buys on Euronext https://t.co/CwRKHEKd1A,nan,@ororealty @mining_great Nice to see buys on Euronext https://t.co/CwRKHEKd1A,positive,1.0,0.0,0.0,positive,1.0,0.0,0.0,True,English,"['ororealty', 'buys', 'Euronext', 'CwRKHEKd1A', 'ororealty', 'buys', 'Euronext', 'CwRKHEKd1A']",2022-11-03,2022-11-03,Unknown
12643,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,Has published a short investor video presentation on Italian-based travel app #SosTravel  listed on the @euronext a… https://t.co/WRBaQlJARK,nan,Has published a short investor video presentation on Italian-based travel app #SosTravel  listed on the @euronext a… https://t.co/WRBaQlJARK,neutral,0.07,0.92,0.01,neutral,0.07,0.92,0.01,True,English,"['short investor video presentation', 'Italian-based travel app', 'WRBaQlJARK', 'short investor video presentation', 'Italian-based travel app', 'WRBaQlJARK']",2022-11-03,2022-11-03,Unknown
12644,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,Great Western Mining Corp  #GWMO ( 8GW - Euronext Growth - Dublin )  WHO IS BUYING TODAY ? #Gold #Silver #Mining… https://t.co/FciZwaRSC7,nan,Great Western Mining Corp  #GWMO ( 8GW - Euronext Growth - Dublin )  WHO IS BUYING TODAY ? #Gold #Silver #Mining… https://t.co/FciZwaRSC7,positive,0.96,0.04,0.0,positive,0.96,0.04,0.0,True,English,"['Great Western Mining Corp', 'Euronext Growth', 'GWMO', '8GW', 'Dublin', 'Silver', 'FciZwaRSC7', 'Great Western Mining Corp', 'Euronext Growth', 'GWMO', '8GW', 'Dublin', 'Silver', 'FciZwaRSC7']",2022-11-03,2022-11-03,Unknown
12645,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,Euronext Italian arm to become group-wide clearer from end 2023 https://t.co/P5MPlPLDLS via FXEmpire #forex #fx,nan,Euronext Italian arm to become group-wide clearer from end 2023 https://t.co/P5MPlPLDLS via FXEmpire #forex #fx,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['Euronext Italian arm', 'end', 'FXEmpire', 'Euronext Italian arm', 'end', 'FXEmpire']",2022-11-03,2022-11-03,Unknown
12646,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,Euronext Italian arm to become group-wide clearer from end 2023   (Removes reference to credit in paragraph 4) By… https://t.co/B8OPzuRTNB,nan,Euronext Italian arm to become group-wide clearer from end 2023   (Removes reference to credit in paragraph 4) By… https://t.co/B8OPzuRTNB,neutral,0.1,0.89,0.01,neutral,0.1,0.89,0.01,True,English,"['Euronext Italian arm', 'end', 'reference', 'credit', 'paragraph', 'B8OPzuRTNB', 'Euronext Italian arm', 'end', 'reference', 'credit', 'paragraph', 'B8OPzuRTNB']",2022-11-03,2022-11-03,Unknown
12647,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,Euronext Italian arm to become group-wide clearer from end 2023 - https://t.co/LsyiZQ0prZ #businessnews #finance #marketnews,nan,Euronext Italian arm to become group-wide clearer from end 2023 - https://t.co/LsyiZQ0prZ #businessnews #finance #marketnews,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['Euronext Italian arm', 'group', 'end', 'LsyiZQ0prZ', 'businessnews', 'finance', 'marketnews', 'Euronext Italian arm', 'group', 'end', 'LsyiZQ0prZ', 'businessnews', 'finance', 'marketnews']",2022-11-03,2022-11-03,Unknown
12648,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,Has published a full investor video presentation on Italian-based travel-app #SosTravel  listed on the @euronext at… https://t.co/QYNyEx2pw2,nan,Has published a full investor video presentation on Italian-based travel-app #SosTravel  listed on the @euronext at… https://t.co/QYNyEx2pw2,neutral,0.07,0.91,0.01,neutral,0.07,0.91,0.01,True,English,"['full investor video presentation', 'Italian-based travel-app', 'QYNyEx2pw2', 'full investor video presentation', 'Italian-based travel-app', 'QYNyEx2pw2']",2022-11-03,2022-11-03,Unknown
12649,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,Euronext Italian arm to become group-wide clearer from end 2023 https://t.co/P5MPlPL5Wk via FXEmpire #forex #fx,nan,Euronext Italian arm to become group-wide clearer from end 2023 https://t.co/P5MPlPL5Wk via FXEmpire #forex #fx,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['Euronext Italian arm', 'end', 'P5MPlPL5Wk', 'FXEmpire', 'Euronext Italian arm', 'end', 'P5MPlPL5Wk', 'FXEmpire']",2022-11-03,2022-11-03,Unknown
12650,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,Euronext Publishes Q3 2022 Results https://t.co/3xCrgya1Rb,nan,Euronext Publishes Q3 2022 Results https://t.co/3xCrgya1Rb,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['Q3 2022 Results', 'Euronext', 'xCrgya1Rb', 'Q3 2022 Results', 'Euronext', 'xCrgya1Rb']",2022-11-03,2022-11-03,Unknown
