UID,Searchword,API,URL,Title,Summary,Article,Title_Sentiment,Title_Positive,Title_Neutral,Title_Negative,Article_Sentiment,Article_Positive,Article_Neutral,Article_Negative,Verified,Language,Topics,Date,Load_Date,Source
47649,Euroclear,Bing API,https://menafn.com/1108994555/Trump-probably-to-abandon-Ukraine-with-financial-black-gap,Trump probably to abandon Ukraine with financial black gap,Euroclear  the Belgian clearinghouse holding most of Russia's frozen assets  has raised concerns about potential <a target=_blank href=,(MENAFN) Euroclear  the Belgian clearinghouse holding most of Russia's frozen assets  has raised concerns about potential if the European Union moves forward with confiscating these funds to aid Ukraine. The EU has frozen approximately €197 billion ($213 billion) of Russian central assets as part of sanctions related to the Ukraine conflict. These assets have generated €5.15 billion in interest this year.Although the EU has allocated some of this interest to Ukraine  it has not yet seized the principal assets. This has led to Russian accusations of theft by the West. Euroclear CEO Valerie Urbain emphasized that if the assets are seized  the associated liabilities must be transferred as well to avoid future claims by Russia for the return of the securities. She warned that seizing the assets without transferring liabilities would create significant complications.Euroclear recently made a payment of €1.55 billion ($1.63 billion) to the European Fund for Ukraine  using the interest generated from the frozen Russian assets. The EU also approved a €35 billion loan to Ukraine  which will be repaid with future revenues from these frozen funds. Meanwhile  the United States has transferred $20 billion to Ukraine  funded by the immobilized Russian assets.Urbain cautioned that using Russia’s frozen assets in this manner could undermine the euro's role as a reserve currency and destabilize the EU’s finances. European Central Bank President Christine Lagarde has issued similar warnings. Despite these concerns  Ukraine continues to press for the use of these funds  with President Zelensky stating that $30 billion of the frozen assets could fully cover the cost of the country’s defense needs.MENAFN15122024000045015687ID1108994555,negative,0.03,0.34,0.63,negative,0.0,0.38,0.61,True,English,"['financial black gap', 'Trump', 'Ukraine', 'European Central Bank President Christine Lagarde', 'Euroclear CEO Valerie Urbain', 'Russian central assets', 'President Zelensky', 'European Union', 'European Fund', 'Russian accusations', 'Belgian clearinghouse', 'future claims', 'significant complications', '€35 billion loan', 'future revenues', 'United States', 'reserve currency', 'similar warnings', 'defense needs', 'Russian assets', 'principal assets', 'associated liabilities', 'frozen assets', 'The EU', 'Ukraine conflict', 'MENAFN', 'concerns', 'potential', 'funds', 'part', 'sanctions', 'interest', 'theft', 'West', 'return', 'securities', 'payment', 'manner', 'role', 'finances', 'cost', 'country']",2024-12-15,2024-12-15,menafn.com
47650,Euroclear,Bing API,https://menafn.com/1108994498/Euroclear-issues-caution-of-hazards-if-Russian-assets-confiscated,Euroclear issues caution of hazards if Russian assets confiscated,Euroclear  the Belgian clearinghouse holding most of Russia's frozen assets  has raised concerns about potential <a target=_blank href=,(MENAFN) Euroclear  the Belgian clearinghouse holding most of Russia's frozen assets  has raised concerns about potential if the European Union moves forward with confiscating these funds to aid Ukraine. The EU has frozen approximately €197 billion ($213 billion) of Russian central assets as part of sanctions related to the Ukraine conflict. These assets have generated €5.15 billion in interest this year.Although the EU has allocated some of this interest to Ukraine  it has not yet seized the principal assets. This has led to Russian accusations of theft by the West. Euroclear CEO Valerie Urbain emphasized that if the assets are seized  the associated liabilities must be transferred as well to avoid future claims by Russia for the return of the securities. She warned that seizing the assets without transferring liabilities would create significant complications.Euroclear recently made a payment of €1.55 billion ($1.63 billion) to the European Fund for Ukraine  using the interest generated from the frozen Russian assets. The EU also approved a €35 billion loan to Ukraine  which will be repaid with future revenues from these frozen funds. Meanwhile  the United States has transferred $20 billion to Ukraine  funded by the immobilized Russian assets.Urbain cautioned that using Russia’s frozen assets in this manner could undermine the euro's role as a reserve currency and destabilize the EU’s finances. European Central Bank President Christine Lagarde has issued similar warnings. Despite these concerns  Ukraine continues to press for the use of these funds  with President Zelensky stating that $30 billion of the frozen assets could fully cover the cost of the country’s defense needs.MENAFN15122024000045015687ID1108994498,negative,0.0,0.16,0.83,negative,0.0,0.4,0.59,True,English,"['Euroclear issues', 'Russian assets', 'caution', 'hazards', 'European Central Bank President Christine Lagarde', 'Euroclear CEO Valerie Urbain', 'Russian central assets', 'President Zelensky', 'European Union', 'European Fund', 'Russian accusations', 'Belgian clearinghouse', 'future claims', 'significant complications', '€35 billion loan', 'future revenues', 'United States', 'reserve currency', 'similar warnings', 'defense needs', 'Russian assets', 'principal assets', 'associated liabilities', 'frozen assets', 'The EU', 'Ukraine conflict', 'MENAFN', 'concerns', 'potential', 'funds', 'part', 'sanctions', 'interest', 'theft', 'West', 'return', 'securities', 'payment', 'manner', 'role', 'finances', 'cost', 'country']",2024-12-15,2024-12-15,menafn.com
47651,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.manilatimes.net/2024/12/16/tmt-newswire/globenewswire/pharming-announces-public-cash-offer-to-the-shareholders-of-abliva-ab/2022121,Pharming announces public cash offer to the shareholders of Abliva AB,Sijmen de Vries  Chief Executive Officer of Pharming  said:,"Proposed acquisition strengthens Pharming's late-stage pipeline with a potential first-in-disease assetAbliva's lead product KL1333 is currently in a pivotal clinical trial  with a positive interim analysis achieved  in mitochondrial DNA-driven primary mitochondrial diseasesTotal transaction value of approximately US$66.1 millionNo external funding required to fund acquisition and KL1333 development costsPharming to host a conference call on Monday  December 16  2024 at 14:00 CET (8:00 am EST)Get the latest newsdelivered to your inbox Sign up for The Manila Times newsletters By signing up with an email address  I acknowledge that I have read and agree to the Terms of Service and Privacy PolicyLeiden  the Netherlands  December 15  2024: Pharming Group N.V. (""Pharming” or ""the Company”) (EURONEXT Amsterdam: PHARM/Nasdaq: PHAR) today announced a recommended public cash offer to the shareholders of Abliva AB (""Abliva”) to acquire all issued and outstanding shares of Abliva. Pharming  through its wholly-owned subsidiary Pharming Technologies B.V.  offers the shareholders SEK 0.45 in cash per share in Abliva. The transaction is valued at approximately US$66.1 million.Abliva is a biotechnology company  based in Lund  Sweden  focused on developing medicines for the treatment of mitochondrial disease. Abliva's lead product  KL1333  a regulator of the essential co-enzymes NAD⁺ and NADH  is in a pivotal clinical study (FALCON) in adult patients with genetically confirmed primary mitochondrial disease (PMD) with mitochondrial DNA (mtDNA) mutations who experience consistent  debilitating fatigue and muscle weakness (myopathy)  and reduced life expectancy. Over 30 000 patients diagnosed with mtDNA mitochondrial disease would be potentially addressable by KL1333 in the U.S.  EU4 (France  Germany  Italy  Spain) and the UK. KL1333 has shown positive clinical effects in a proof-of-concept Phase 1b study  and a pre-planned interim analysis of the ongoing pivotal FALCON trial demonstrated promising differences over placebo in both alternate primary efficacy endpoints. KL1333 has received Fast Track designation in the U.S. and Orphan Drug Designation for the treatment of PMD in the U.S. and EU.AdvertisementSijmen de Vries  Chief Executive Officer of Pharming  said:""Abliva has made exciting progress developing KL1333  a potential first-in-disease treatment undergoing a pivotal clinical trial that offers new hope to patients with rare mtDNA mitochondrial disease who experience debilitating fatigue and muscle weakness. With over 30 000 addressable patients in the U.S.  EU4 and UK  we are excited about the potential of this asset  which achieved a positive interim analysis in the registration trial in July 2024. We believe KL1333 has blockbuster potential in the U.S. alone and can significantly change Pharming's future growth trajectory. We will fund this acquisition using existing cash  and anticipate covering costs to complete the pivotal trial with positive cash flows from our existing business. The acquisition of Abliva would further strengthen our clinical pipeline with the addition of a therapy  with U.S. launch expected in 2028  aligning with our vision to become a leading global rare disease company. We are pleased that Abliva's independent Board of Directors and major shareholders recognize the expertise and value Pharming brings to the development and eventual commercialization of KL1333  and unanimously support this transaction. We look forward to welcoming the Abliva team with their strong expertise in mitochondrial research and drug development and to combining with our resources  capabilities and commercial infrastructure to bring this groundbreaking and important medicine to patients and their healthcare providers.”Transaction highlightsToday at 19:45 CET  Pharming announced a recommended cash offer to the shareholders of Abliva AB. Hereby Pharming  through a wholly owned subsidiary  has offered SEK 0.45 in cash for each outstanding share of Abliva (the ''Offer''). The total value of the Offer based on all outstanding 1 611 884 536 shares in Abliva amounts to approximately SEK 725 348 041  or approximately US$66.1 million. The Board of Directors of Abliva unanimously recommends the shareholders of Abliva to accept the Offer. The Board of Directors of Abliva has obtained a fairness opinion from PwC  according to which  based on the assumptions and reservations stated in the opinion  the Offer is fair to Abliva's shareholders from a financial perspective. Pharming has obtained acceptance undertakings from the three largest shareholders  accounting for 49.82% of Abliva's outstanding shares. The Offer is subject to customary regulatory approvals  and Pharming expects to obtain such approvals prior to the end of the acceptance period. Pharming Group N.V. has cash on hand to finance the Offer in full.AdvertisementThe acceptance period in the offer is expected to commence on or around January 16  2025 and to expire on or around February 7  2025. For information in relation to the Offer  please refer to www.raredisease-offer.com. An offer document will be made public by Pharming shortly before the commencement of the acceptance period.Van Lanschot Kempen N.V. is sole financial advisor and NautaDutilh N.V. and Mannheimer Swartling Advokatbyrå are legal advisors to Pharming in connection with the Offer.Invitation to conference callPharming to host a conference call on Monday  December 16  2024  at 14:00 CET (8:00 am EST). The conference call presentation is available on the pharming.com website from 14:00 CET on December 16  2024AdvertisementA transcript will be made available on the pharming.com website in the days following the call.To participate in the conference call  please register in advance using the link below. Once registered  dial-in information and a unique PIN will be provided  allowing access to the call.Conference call dial-in details:Please note  the Company will only take questions from dial-in attendees.Advertisementhttps://register.vevent.com/register/BIfcd1fd2bdf0e443cbf6192dc063763adWebcast Link:https://edge.media-server.com/mmc/p/2hfpccyiFor further public information  contact:AdvertisementPharming Group  Leiden  the NetherlandsMichael Levitan  VP Investor Relations & Corporate CommunicationsT: +1 (908) 705 1696E: [email protected]AdvertisementFTI Consulting  London  UKVictoria Foster Mitchell/Alex ShawithAmy ByrneT: +44 203 727 1000LifeSpring Life Sciences Communication  Amsterdam  the NetherlandsLeon MelensT: +31 6 53 81 64 27E: [email protected]Abliva investorsLeo WeiT: +46 (0)709 910 081E: [email protected]About KL1333KL1333 has been designed to treat chronic fatigue and myopathy (muscle weakness) in genetically confirmed adult patients with primary mitochondrial disease. Diagnoses can include MELAS-MIDD and KSS-CPEO spectrum disorders as well as MERRF syndrome. The drug candidate is intended for long-term oral treatment. KL1333 has the ability to restore the ratio of NAD+ and NADH  and thus leads to the formation of new mitochondria and improved energy levels. In a cohort of mitochondrial disease patients in a Phase 1a/b study  the patients who received KL1333 showed both improvements in symptoms of fatigue as well as functional improvements. KL1333 is currently being evaluated in a global  potentially registrational  Phase 2 study (the FALCON study) and has received orphan drug designation in both the USA and Europe as well as Fast Track designation in the USA.About the FALCON StudyFALCON is a Phase 2  global  randomized  placebo-controlled  potentially registrational study evaluating the safety and efficacy of KL1333 in adult patients with primary mitochondrial disease who experience consistent  debilitating fatigue and myopathy (muscle weakness)  the most common and impairing symptoms. A total of 180 patients with mitochondrial DNA mutations who meet the eligibility criteria are randomized 3:2 to receive KL1333 (50mg-100mg) or placebo twice daily for 48 weeks. The two alternative primary endpoints assess consistent fatigue (using the PROMIS® Fatigue Mitochondrial Disease Short Form) and myopathy (using the 30 second Sit-to-Stand test)  only one of which must be positive to file for marketing approval. An interim analysis evaluating 24-week data from the first wave of patients confirmed the strong safety profile of KL1333  and both primary endpoints passed futility  meaning that both have the potential to demonstrate benefit in the final analysis of the study.About Abliva ABAbliva discovers and develops medicines for the treatment of mitochondrial disease. This rare and often very severe disease occurs when the cell's energy provider  the mitochondria  do not function properly. The company has prioritized two projects. KL1333  a powerful regulator of the essential co-enzymes NAD⁺ and NADH  has entered late-stage development. NV354  an energy replacement therapy  has completed preclinical development. Abliva  based in Lund  Sweden  is listed on Nasdaq Stockholm  Sweden (ticker: ABLI). For more information  please visit www.abliva.com.About Pharming Group N.V.Pharming Group N.V. (EURONEXT Amsterdam: PHARM/Nasdaq: PHAR) is a global biopharmaceutical company dedicated to transforming the lives of patients with rare  debilitating  and life-threatening diseases. Pharming is commercializing and developing an innovative portfolio of protein replacement therapies and precision medicines  including small molecules and biologics. Pharming is headquartered in Leiden  the Netherlands  and has employees around the globe who serve patients in over 30 markets in North America  Europe  the Middle East  Africa  and Asia-Pacific.For more information  visit www.pharming.com and find us on LinkedIn .Forward-Looking StatementsThis press release may contain forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements are statements of future expectations that are based on management's current expectations and assumptions and involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results  performance  or events to differ materially from those expressed or implied in these statements. These forward-looking statements are identified by their use of terms and phrases such as ""aim”  ""ambition”  ''anticipate''  ''believe''  ''could''  ''estimate''  ''expect''  ''goals''  ''intend''  ''may''  ""milestones”  ''objectives''  ''outlook''  ''plan''  ''probably''  ''project''  ''risks''  ""schedule”  ''seek''  ''should''  ''target''  ''will'' and similar terms and phrases. Examples of forward-looking statements may include statements with respect to timing and progress of Pharming's preclinical studies and clinical trials of its product candidates  Pharming's clinical and commercial prospects  and Pharming's expectations regarding its projected working capital requirements and cash resources  which statements are subject to a number of risks  uncertainties and assumptions  including  but not limited to the scope  progress and expansion of Pharming's clinical trials and ramifications for the cost thereof; and clinical  scientific  regulatory  commercial  competitive and technical developments. In light of these risks and uncertainties  and other risks and uncertainties that are described in Pharming's 2023 Annual Report and the Annual Report on Form 20-F for the year ended December 31  2023  filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission  the events and circumstances discussed in such forward-looking statements may not occur  and Pharming's actual results could differ materially and adversely from those anticipated or implied thereby. All forward-looking statements contained in this press release are expressly qualified in their entirety by the cautionary statements contained or referred to in this section. Readers should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements. Any forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this press release and are based on information available to Pharming as of the date of this release. Pharming does not undertake any obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statement as a result of new information  future events or other information.Inside InformationThis press release relates to the disclosure of information that qualifies  or may have qualified  as inside information within the meaning of Article 7(1) of the EU Market Abuse Regulation.Attachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.64,0.2,0.16,True,English,"['public cash offer', 'Abliva AB', 'Pharming', 'shareholders', 'mitochondrial DNA-driven primary mitochondrial diseases', 'leading global rare disease company', 'The Manila Times newsletters', 'alternate primary efficacy endpoints', 'concept Phase 1b study', 'rare mtDNA mitochondrial disease', 'Pharming Group N.V.', 'Pharming Technologies B.V.', 'ongoing pivotal FALCON trial', 'pivotal clinical study', 'Privacy Policy Leiden', 'Fast Track designation', 'Sijmen de Vries', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'future growth trajectory', 'positive clinical effects', 'pivotal clinical trial', 'Orphan Drug Designation', 'positive interim analysis', 'consistent, debilitating fatigue', 'customary regulatory approvals', 'positive cash flows', 'three largest shareholders', 'U.S. launch', 'Total transaction value', 'public cash offer', 'pivotal trial', 'mitochondrial research', 'KL1333 development costs', 'mtDNA) mutations', 'registration trial', 'clinical pipeline', 'biotechnology company', 'disease asset', 'drug development', 'total value', 'disease treatment', 'late-stage pipeline', 'lead product', 'external funding', 'conference call', 'latest news', 'email address', 'EURONEXT Amsterdam', 'outstanding shares', 'essential co', 'muscle weakness', 'life expectancy', 'promising differences', 'exciting progress', 'new hope', 'existing business', 'eventual commercialization', 'commercial infrastructure', 'important medicine', 'healthcare providers', 'outstanding 1,611,884,536 shares', 'financial perspective', 'existing cash', 'Transaction highlights', 'acceptance period', 'major shareholders', 'strong expertise', 'fairness opinion', 'adult patients', '30,000 addressable patients', 'independent Board', 'Proposed acquisition', 'blockbuster potential', 'Abliva AB', 'Abliva team', 'shareholders SEK', '30,000 patients', 'Monday', 'December', '14:00 CET', 'inbox', 'Terms', 'Service', 'Netherlands', 'PHARM/Nasdaq', 'owned', 'subsidiary', 'Lund', 'Sweden', 'medicines', 'enzymes', 'NAD⁺', 'NADH', 'PMD', 'myopathy', 'Over', 'France', 'Germany', 'Italy', 'Spain', 'UK', 'proof', 'placebo', 'Advertisement', 'EU4', 'July', 'addition', 'therapy', 'vision', 'Directors', 'resources', 'capabilities', 'groundbreaking', '19:45 CET', 'PwC', 'assumptions', 'reservations', 'undertakings', 'hand', 'January', 'February', 'information', 'relation']",2024-12-16,2024-12-15,manilatimes.net
