UID,Searchword,API,URL,Title,Summary,Article,Title_Sentiment,Title_Positive,Title_Neutral,Title_Negative,Article_Sentiment,Article_Positive,Article_Neutral,Article_Negative,Verified,Language,Topics,Date,Load_Date,Source
48023,Deutsche Boerse,Bing API,https://www.argaam.com/en/article/articledetail/id/1781102,PIF anchors newly-introduced Saudi bond ETF with SAR 750M,The Public Investment Fund (PIF) pumped SAR 750 million (or $200 million) ininvestments in the recently-launched SPDRJPMorganSaudi Arabia Aggregate Bo,"The Public Investment Fund (PIF) pumped SAR 750 million (or $200 million) in investments in the recently-launched SPDR JPMorgan Saudi Arabia Aggregate Bond UCITS ETF — a new bond ETF focused on Saudi Arabia  managed by State Street Global Advisors Co.In a statement picked up by Argaam today Jan. 8  State Street explained that the new fund is the first Saudi fixed-income index fund to be listed in Europe  being listed on the London Stock Exchange (LSE) and Deutsche Börse’s Xetra (Primary).The ETF  which provides exposure to a diversified basket of dollar-denominated  SAR-denominated government and quasi-government bonds  including sukuk  will track the newly-created JPMorgan Saudi Arabia Aggregate Index.The ETF is available to investors in Austria  Denmark  France  Finland  Germany  Italy  Luxembourg  Netherlands  Norway  Spain  Sweden and the UK.The ETF’s roll-out is deemed a key step in the context of PIF’s efforts to enable greater international access to the Saudi capital market  with opportunities to attract foreign investments  State Street added.The PIF’s new ""significant commitment"" — through which it has taken a majority stake in the ETF  acting as an anchor investor — came as many international investors have ""a genuine appetite to invest in Saudi Arabia and its capital market  thanks to its favorable maturity and growth  supported by the Kingdom's ambitious Vision 2030 economic transformation plan.",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.07,0.93,0.0,True,English,"['Saudi bond ETF', 'SAR 750M', 'PIF', 'SPDR JPMorgan Saudi Arabia Aggregate Bond UCITS ETF', 'JPMorgan Saudi Arabia Aggregate Index', 'ambitious Vision 2030 economic transformation plan', 'first Saudi fixed-income index fund', 'State Street Global Advisors Co.', 'The Public Investment Fund', 'new bond ETF', 'Saudi capital market', 'London Stock Exchange', 'Deutsche Börse', 'dollar-denominated, SAR-denominated government', 'greater international access', 'new ""significant commitment', 'many international investors', 'new fund', 'The PIF', 'diversified basket', 'quasi-government bonds', 'key step', 'majority stake', 'anchor investor', 'genuine appetite', 'favorable maturity', 'foreign investments', 'statement', 'Argaam', 'Europe', 'LSE', 'Xetra', 'Primary', 'exposure', 'sukuk', 'Austria', 'Denmark', 'France', 'Finland', 'Germany', 'Italy', 'Luxembourg', 'Netherlands', 'Norway', 'Spain', 'Sweden', 'roll-out', 'context', 'efforts', 'opportunities', 'growth', 'Kingdom']",2025-01-09,2025-01-09,argaam.com
48052,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://foreignpolicy.com/2025/01/08/russia-frozen-assets-central-bank-currency-reserves-ukraine-europe-trump/,Russian Assets Are Europe’s Trump Card,With the incoming administration seeking to cut U.S. aid to Ukraine  Europe should tap the Kremlin’s frozen reserves.,Trump’s designated envoy for Ukraine   Keith Kellogg  has suggested that Russia’s rejection of peace would trigger a significant uptick in military support for Ukraine. But Trump has been more ambivalent. Indeed  many of his other advisors would like to eliminate or significantly reduce the U.S. share of assistance to Ukraine  which stands at roughly 45 percent of the trans-Atlantic total.U.S. President-elect Donald Trump’s ambition to end Russia’s war on Ukraine has raised expectations of a peace deal and set off a flurry of discussions among U.S. allies about potential peacekeeping forces and security guarantees for Kyiv. All of this assumes that Moscow is even interested in a deal. There has been much less talk about the United States’ and Europe’s options in the more likely event that Moscow rejects Trump’s peace initiative.U.S. President-elect Donald Trump’s ambition to end Russia’s war on Ukraine has raised expectations of a peace deal and set off a flurry of discussions among U.S. allies about potential peacekeeping forces and security guarantees for Kyiv. All of this assumes that Moscow is even interested in a deal. There has been much less talk about the United States’ and Europe’s options in the more likely event that Moscow rejects Trump’s peace initiative.Trump’s designated envoy for Ukraine  Keith Kellogg  has suggested that Russia’s rejection of peace would trigger a significant uptick in military support for Ukraine. But Trump has been more ambivalent. Indeed  many of his other advisors would like to eliminate or significantly reduce the U.S. share of assistance to Ukraine  which stands at roughly 45 percent of the trans-Atlantic total.Moreover  Trump’s inner circle—including Elbridge Colby  his nominee to become the next deputy defense secretary—would like to execute a pivot to Asia by pressuring NATO’s European members to significantly boost their defense spending and take up most of the burden of ensuring Europe’s security.An imperative to significantly increase European defense spending amid the growing threat posed by Russia  coupled with potentially increased outlays to support Ukraine  would bring new budgetary pressures on Europe’s already cash-strapped governments. Shifting social spending to military budgets would open the door to significant populist resistance.These potentially explosive domestic conflicts over money and budgets are well understood in the Kremlin—and they will be another reason for Russia to resist a peace deal. From Russia’s perspective  all it needs to do is continue the war and wait for Western financing of Ukraine to eventually flag.One clear solution to compensate for a deep reduction in U.S. financial support rests in the roughly $300 billion in frozen Russian hard currency reserves held in Western banks  the bulk of which is held by European financial institutions. Since February 2022  the United States has provided more than $110 billion in military and humanitarian aid to Ukraine  while European states have provided more than $130 billion in security and financial assistance.Were the Trump administration to significantly curtail assistance to Ukraine  the $300 billion in frozen assets would be able to replace U.S. expenditures for roughly six or seven years. Until now  European and U.S. leaders have been reluctant to tap this resource. The closest that they have come was a decision by the G-7 countries to use the interest generated by these hard currency reserves as collateral for $50 billion in loans to Ukraine.But pressure from the incoming Trump administration could spur Europe to the decisive step of confiscating these reserves. In an interview last year  Trump’s nominee for treasury secretary  Scott Bessent  said he believed that Russia’s Western-held hard currency reserves would eventually be deployed against Russia. Countering critics who worry about the possible risks associated with seizing these Russian assets  Bessent suggested such a step would not dramatically affect the stability of the euro or dollar  even as he acknowledged a trend toward the gradual de-dollarization of the global economy.In a conversation with a high-ranking Biden administration official several months before the U.S. election  I asked about the likelihood that Russia’s reserves could be tapped to assist Ukraine.“It would take time to overcome bureaucratic resistance and get it to the president’s agenda ” the official told me on background. “And then it would take time to socialize this with major Western leaders ” the official continued. “On the other hand  if [Trump] wins  it could happen quickly.”Indeed  the very idea of using Russia’s own resources against it is a very Trumpian idea  echoing his 2016 claim that he would make Mexico pay for the construction of a wall between the U.S. Mexico border to stave off illegal crossings. And given the transactional nature of Trump’s foreign policy  one can envision negotiations around burden-sharing and the deployment of resources to offset reduced U.S. support for Ukraine.For nearly three years—despite the urging of such respected U.S. voices such as Robert Zoellick  Larry Summers  and Philip Zelikow—Western leaders have resisted turning to this low-hanging fruit to help finance Ukraine’s war.But today  amid a growing imperative to search for new resources to support Ukraine’s economy and defense  the confiscation and deployment of the $300 billion in frozen Russian assets is likely to become a tempting option both for Europe and the United States. It can clearly be justified under the doctrine of countermeasures against Russia’s peremptory violation of international norms.On Dec. 10  Valerie Urbain—the head of Euroclear  the Belgian financial institution holding some two-thirds of the $300 billion in Russian assets—acknowledged in an interview with Bloomberg that the Trump administration “will put back again some discussion [of seizing Russian assets] on the table.” The European Union’s new foreign-policy chief  Kaja Kallas  has also called for using these Russian funds to aid Ukraine. A recent report by the Financial Times cited a sharp debate between German Chancellor Olaf Scholz and Polish President Andrzej Duda  with the former opposed to and the latter supportive of confiscation.Urbain  however  has argued that using the Russian assets held at Euroclear could undermine the euro’s role as a reserve currency and put the eurozone’s financial stability at risk. Fear of weakening the U.S. dollar and other Western currencies has also been invoked by critics of asset confiscation  including senior officials at the U.S. Treasury and European finance ministries. These legitimate concerns need to be addressed.Central to these concerns is how China might react. Beijing holds more than $3 trillion in hard currency reserves  of which 58 percent are in U.S. dollars  with most of the rest in euros  pounds  and yen. Were China to rapidly exit these holdings  it could potentially weaken several Western currencies and government bonds. But as the proponents of confiscation argue  Russia’s war is a uniquely egregious threat to the post-World War II order—and only the second instance since 1948 of an unprovoked military invasion and outright annexation of the territory of a U.N. member state. The one other instance of such a brazen violation of the United Nations Charter—a violation that was eventually reversed—was Iraq’s invasion and annexation of Kuwait in 1990; part of the U.S. response to that aggression was to confiscate Baghdad’s hard currency assets. (Israel’s Knesset controversially voted in 1981 to extend Israeli jurisdiction over the Golan Heights  a Syrian territory  but did not formally declare that territory’s annexation; this action  moreover  was taken in response to ongoing attacks on Israel.)The confiscation of currency reserves will stay a rare case if it is made dependent on specific and rare conditions: first  that the target of such sanctions launched a military aggression against and occupation of the territory of a U.N. member state; second  that the war against another sovereign state was launched without military aggression by the state under attack; and third  that it formally annexed that territory.If the confiscation of a state’s foreign assets has to meet these strict conditions  then the Russian case would have no direct implications in the event of a Chinese attack on Taiwan  which lost its legal protection as a U.N. member state in 1971. At the same time  confiscating these assets in response to Russia’s aggression would be a powerful deterrent against the use of military force to change internationally recognized borders.The salutary effects of such an action by the community of democratic nations would go well beyond their contribution to maintaining the international rules of the road. They would also demonstrate to Russia that the United States and Europe have the resources for a sustained long-term commitment to Ukraine’s defense. The use of these assets—or even the credible threat to do so—could be a game-changer  especially now.Russia’s economy is hurting  inflation is skyrocketing  and state reserves are dwindling. Russia’s ability to compete amid tough sanctions that limit the country’s access to new technologies  as well as labor shortages resulting from the Ukraine war and the flight of skilled young men from Russia  are beginning take their toll.A powerful message from the United States and Europe  conveying that they are marshalling the needed resources to support Ukraine’s long-term resistance  would make it clear to members of the Russian elite that their ruinous war will ensure further massive losses of Russian lives and leave the country far behind economically—at a critical time when a new technological revolution based on artificial intelligence is gathering momentum.In order to be effective in motivating the Kremlin to end the war  the use of Russian assets to fund the Ukrainian military needs to be coupled with other measures. These include  above all  the removal (or threat thereof) of tight Western restrictions on Ukraine’s ability to fight  finally giving it the ability to strike deep within Russia just as Russia strikes deep within Ukraine. This should include the capacity to disrupt the Russian power grid in Moscow and St. Petersburg  which would further drive home to the Russian elite that the war comes with steep costs.Such a coordinated and consolidated Western approach would greatly strengthen the Trump administration’s hand as it seeks a diplomatic solution that preserves Ukraine’s national security and sovereignty.,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,negative,0.01,0.3,0.69,True,English,"['Russian Assets', 'Trump Card', 'Europe', 'U.S. President-elect Donald Trump', 'next deputy defense secretary', 'Western-held hard currency reserves', 'U.S. Mexico border', 'high-ranking Biden administration official', 'Russian hard currency reserves', 'U.S. financial support', 'U.S. share', 'U.S. allies', 'U.S. expenditures', 'U.S. leaders', 'U.S. election', 'U.S. support', 'potential peacekeeping forces', 'new budgetary pressures', 'explosive domestic conflicts', 'One clear solution', 'major Western leaders', 'European financial institutions', 'incoming Trump administration', 'significant populist resistance', 'European defense spending', 'treasury secretary', 'Russian assets', 'military support', 'bureaucratic resistance', 'significant uptick', 'social spending', 'Western financing', 'Western banks', 'financial assistance', 'European members', 'European states', 'Keith Kellogg', 'other advisors', 'trans-Atlantic total', 'less talk', 'United States', 'inner circle', 'Elbridge Colby', 'growing threat', 'deep reduction', 'humanitarian aid', 'frozen assets', 'seven years', 'G-7 countries', 'possible risks', 'gradual de-dollarization', 'global economy', 'other hand', 'illegal crossings', 'transactional nature', 'foreign policy', 'three years', 'peace initiative', 'security guarantees', 'decisive step', 'Scott Bessent', 'Trumpian idea', 'peace deal', 'military budgets', 'envoy', 'Ukraine', 'rejection', '45 percent', 'ambition', 'war', 'expectations', 'flurry', 'discussions', 'Kyiv', 'Moscow', 'options', 'likely', 'event', 'nominee', 'pivot', 'Asia', 'NATO', 'burden', 'imperative', 'outlays', 'strapped', 'governments', 'door', 'money', 'Kremlin', 'reason', 'perspective', 'bulk', 'February', 'six', 'resource', 'decision', 'interest', 'collateral', 'loans', 'interview', 'critics', 'stability', 'trend', 'conversation', 'likelihood', 'time', 'agenda', 'background', '2016 claim', 'construction', 'wall', 'negotiations', 'deployment', 'reduced', 'urging']",2025-01-08,2025-01-09,foreignpolicy.com
48053,Euroclear,Bing API,https://www.miragenews.com/world-bank-issues-e3b-10-year-green-bond-1388716/,World Bank Issues €3B 10-Year Green Bond,WASHINGTON  D.C.  January 9  2024 - The World Bank (International Bank for Reconstruction and Development  IBRD  Aaa/AAA) today priced a 10-year euro-denominated benchmark bond maturing in January 2035  raising EUR 3 billion.,"WASHINGTON  D.C.  January 9  2024 - The World Bank (International Bank for Reconstruction and Development  IBRD  Aaa/AAA) today priced a 10-year euro-denominated benchmark bond maturing in January 2035  raising EUR 3 billion.The transaction attracted over 120 orders totaling over EUR 6 billion  appealing to investors across Europe and in Asia. The bond priced with a final spread to euro mid-swaps of +47 basis points and an equivalent annual yield of 2.975%. This equates to a spread vs. the reference Bund of +46 basis points.BNP Paribas  Citi  Deutsche Bank  and Natixis are the lead managers for the transaction. The bond will be listed on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange.""This EUR 3 billion benchmark caps off a tremendous week welcoming the new year with benchmark transactions across five markets and currencies. The resulting total for the week of nearly USDeq. 12 billion mobilized from the capital markets shows the strength of the World Bank's position in the markets based on support from global investors seeking high quality  liquid investments to finance sustainable development "" said Jorge Familiar  Vice President and Treasurer  World Bank.Investor BreakdownBy Type By Geography Banks/Bank Treasuries/Corporates 45% France 16% Central Banks/Official Institutions 34% Germany 14% Asset Managers/Insurance/Pension Funds 21% Rest of Europe 40% UK 8% Asia 14% Others 8%Lead Manager Quotes""Congratulations to the World Bank on their return to the EUR market in the 10-year tenor  following the successful USD 6 billion 7-year trade earlier in the week. This is a testament to the robust support from their global investor base  as highlighted by a diverse orderbook with top-notch quality. BNP Paribas is honored to have supported the World Bank with this trade "" said Salma Guerich  SSA DCM  BNP Paribas.""Congratulations to the World Bank on another landmark transaction. In a very busy primary market  this new issue achieved not only the World Bank's largest EUR orderbook of over EUR 6 billion but also its joint largest EUR transaction size  raising EUR 3 billion of new Sustainable Development Bonds. Both these metrics reflect the strong and ever-growing support from investors around the globe for the World Bank's credit and mission. We are delighted to have been involved "" said Ebba Wexler  Head of Global Sovereign  Supranational and Agency (SSA) DCM  Citi.""The World Bank has once again highlighted its strong market position and broad appeal among EUR global fixed-income investors with a successful 10-year EUR Sustainable Development Bond. With over 120 investors participating  this trade showcased IBRD's robust credit quality and commitment to sustainable development  reaffirming its leadership in the SSA space. We are proud to have supported the World Bank in this transaction "" said Katrin Wehle  Head of SSA DCM  Deutsche Bank.""With this successful EUR transaction  the World Bank has once again demonstrated its commitment to this strategic currency  securing the largest order book in its history. This achievement reflects the strong confidence investors place in the World Bank's mission and financial stability. Today's deal garnered enthusiastic interest from over 120 European and global investors  resulting in an impressive demand of EUR 6 billion. The exceptional quality of the order book  especially during such a busy week filled with numerous primary deals  underscores the World Bank's appeal in the market. This remarkable accomplishment not only strengthens the World Bank's established and liquid curve but also highlights the continued confidence in its name from high-quality accounts. Natixis is proud to have partnered with the World Bank on this transaction "" said Thomas Leocadio  Co-Head  Public Sector DCM  Natixis.Transaction SummaryIssuer: World Bank (International Bank for Reconstruction and Development  IBRD) Issuer rating: Aaa /AAA (Moody's/S&P) Amount: EUR 3 000 000 000 Settlement date: January 16  2025 Maturity date: January 16  2035 Issue price: 99.786% Issue yield: 2.975% annual Denomination: EUR 1 000 Coupon: 2.950% p.a.  payable annually Listing: Luxembourg Stock Exchange ISIN: XS2978479298 Clearing system: Euroclear/Clearstream Joint lead managers: BNP Paribas  Citi  Deutsche Bank  and NatixisAbout the World Bank",neutral,0.0,0.99,0.01,positive,0.76,0.24,0.0,True,English,"['3B 10-Year Green Bond', 'World Bank Issues', 'successful 10-year EUR Sustainable Development Bond', '10-year euro-denominated benchmark bond', 'high quality, liquid investments', 'new Sustainable Development Bonds', 'largest EUR transaction size', 'Clearstream Joint lead managers', 'EUR global fixed-income investors', 'successful USD 6 billion', 'EUR 3 billion benchmark', 'successful EUR transaction', 'largest EUR orderbook', 'Luxembourg Stock Exchange', 'Lead Manager Quotes', 'numerous primary deals', 'largest order book', 'global investor base', 'equivalent annual yield', 'Public Sector DCM', 'busy primary market', 'Transaction Summary Issuer', 'robust credit quality', 'The World Bank', 'strong confidence investors', 'strong market position', '10-year tenor', 'EUR market', 'benchmark transactions', 'liquid curve', 'top-notch quality', 'exceptional quality', 'new year', 'Asset Managers', 'new issue', 'global investors', 'Global Sovereign', 'Investor Breakdown', 'diverse orderbook', 'continued confidence', 'Issuer rating', 'Issue yield', '2.975% annual Denomination', 'robust support', 'International Bank', 'Deutsche Bank', 'Bank Treasuries/Corporates', 'D.C.', '+47 basis points', 'reference Bund', '+46 basis points', 'BNP Paribas', 'resulting total', 'Jorge Familiar', 'Vice President', 'Geography Banks', 'Central Banks', 'Official Institutions', 'Insurance/Pension Funds', 'Salma Guerich', 'landmark transaction', 'Ebba Wexler', 'Katrin Wehle', 'strategic currency', 'financial stability', 'enthusiastic interest', 'impressive demand', 'busy week', 'remarkable accomplishment', 'high-quality accounts', 'Thomas Leocadio', 'S&P', 'Settlement date', 'Maturity date', 'Issue price', 'Clearing system', 'SSA DCM', 'SSA space', 'five markets', 'capital markets', 'growing support', 'final spread', 'tremendous week', 'broad appeal', '120 investors', 'WASHINGTON', 'January', 'Reconstruction', 'IBRD', 'Aaa/AAA', '120 orders', 'Europe', 'Asia', 'mid-swaps', 'Citi', 'Natixis', 'currencies', 'USDeq', 'strength', 'Treasurer', 'Type', 'France', 'Germany', 'UK', 'Others', 'Congratulations', 'return', 'trade', 'testament', 'metrics', 'globe', 'mission', 'Head', 'Supranational', 'Agency', 'commitment', 'leadership', 'history', 'achievement', 'established', 'name', 'Moody', 'Amount', '1,000 Coupon', 'Listing', 'ISIN']",2025-01-09,2025-01-09,miragenews.com
48054,Clearstream,Bing API,https://www.miragenews.com/world-bank-issues-e3b-10-year-green-bond-1388716/,World Bank Issues €3B 10-Year Green Bond,WASHINGTON  D.C.  January 9  2024 - The World Bank (International Bank for Reconstruction and Development  IBRD  Aaa/AAA) today priced a 10-year euro-denominated benchmark bond maturing in January 2035  raising EUR 3 billion.,"WASHINGTON  D.C.  January 9  2024 - The World Bank (International Bank for Reconstruction and Development  IBRD  Aaa/AAA) today priced a 10-year euro-denominated benchmark bond maturing in January 2035  raising EUR 3 billion.The transaction attracted over 120 orders totaling over EUR 6 billion  appealing to investors across Europe and in Asia. The bond priced with a final spread to euro mid-swaps of +47 basis points and an equivalent annual yield of 2.975%. This equates to a spread vs. the reference Bund of +46 basis points.BNP Paribas  Citi  Deutsche Bank  and Natixis are the lead managers for the transaction. The bond will be listed on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange.""This EUR 3 billion benchmark caps off a tremendous week welcoming the new year with benchmark transactions across five markets and currencies. The resulting total for the week of nearly USDeq. 12 billion mobilized from the capital markets shows the strength of the World Bank's position in the markets based on support from global investors seeking high quality  liquid investments to finance sustainable development "" said Jorge Familiar  Vice President and Treasurer  World Bank.Investor BreakdownBy Type By Geography Banks/Bank Treasuries/Corporates 45% France 16% Central Banks/Official Institutions 34% Germany 14% Asset Managers/Insurance/Pension Funds 21% Rest of Europe 40% UK 8% Asia 14% Others 8%Lead Manager Quotes""Congratulations to the World Bank on their return to the EUR market in the 10-year tenor  following the successful USD 6 billion 7-year trade earlier in the week. This is a testament to the robust support from their global investor base  as highlighted by a diverse orderbook with top-notch quality. BNP Paribas is honored to have supported the World Bank with this trade "" said Salma Guerich  SSA DCM  BNP Paribas.""Congratulations to the World Bank on another landmark transaction. In a very busy primary market  this new issue achieved not only the World Bank's largest EUR orderbook of over EUR 6 billion but also its joint largest EUR transaction size  raising EUR 3 billion of new Sustainable Development Bonds. Both these metrics reflect the strong and ever-growing support from investors around the globe for the World Bank's credit and mission. We are delighted to have been involved "" said Ebba Wexler  Head of Global Sovereign  Supranational and Agency (SSA) DCM  Citi.""The World Bank has once again highlighted its strong market position and broad appeal among EUR global fixed-income investors with a successful 10-year EUR Sustainable Development Bond. With over 120 investors participating  this trade showcased IBRD's robust credit quality and commitment to sustainable development  reaffirming its leadership in the SSA space. We are proud to have supported the World Bank in this transaction "" said Katrin Wehle  Head of SSA DCM  Deutsche Bank.""With this successful EUR transaction  the World Bank has once again demonstrated its commitment to this strategic currency  securing the largest order book in its history. This achievement reflects the strong confidence investors place in the World Bank's mission and financial stability. Today's deal garnered enthusiastic interest from over 120 European and global investors  resulting in an impressive demand of EUR 6 billion. The exceptional quality of the order book  especially during such a busy week filled with numerous primary deals  underscores the World Bank's appeal in the market. This remarkable accomplishment not only strengthens the World Bank's established and liquid curve but also highlights the continued confidence in its name from high-quality accounts. Natixis is proud to have partnered with the World Bank on this transaction "" said Thomas Leocadio  Co-Head  Public Sector DCM  Natixis.Transaction SummaryIssuer: World Bank (International Bank for Reconstruction and Development  IBRD) Issuer rating: Aaa /AAA (Moody's/S&P) Amount: EUR 3 000 000 000 Settlement date: January 16  2025 Maturity date: January 16  2035 Issue price: 99.786% Issue yield: 2.975% annual Denomination: EUR 1 000 Coupon: 2.950% p.a.  payable annually Listing: Luxembourg Stock Exchange ISIN: XS2978479298 Clearing system: Euroclear/Clearstream Joint lead managers: BNP Paribas  Citi  Deutsche Bank  and NatixisAbout the World Bank",neutral,0.0,0.99,0.01,positive,0.76,0.24,0.0,True,English,"['3B 10-Year Green Bond', 'World Bank Issues', 'successful 10-year EUR Sustainable Development Bond', '10-year euro-denominated benchmark bond', 'high quality, liquid investments', 'new Sustainable Development Bonds', 'largest EUR transaction size', 'Clearstream Joint lead managers', 'EUR global fixed-income investors', 'successful USD 6 billion', 'EUR 3 billion benchmark', 'successful EUR transaction', 'largest EUR orderbook', 'Luxembourg Stock Exchange', 'Lead Manager Quotes', 'numerous primary deals', 'largest order book', 'global investor base', 'equivalent annual yield', 'Public Sector DCM', 'busy primary market', 'Transaction Summary Issuer', 'robust credit quality', 'The World Bank', 'strong confidence investors', 'strong market position', '10-year tenor', 'EUR market', 'benchmark transactions', 'liquid curve', 'top-notch quality', 'exceptional quality', 'new year', 'Asset Managers', 'new issue', 'global investors', 'Global Sovereign', 'Investor Breakdown', 'diverse orderbook', 'continued confidence', 'Issuer rating', 'Issue yield', '2.975% annual Denomination', 'robust support', 'International Bank', 'Deutsche Bank', 'Bank Treasuries/Corporates', 'D.C.', '+47 basis points', 'reference Bund', '+46 basis points', 'BNP Paribas', 'resulting total', 'Jorge Familiar', 'Vice President', 'Geography Banks', 'Central Banks', 'Official Institutions', 'Insurance/Pension Funds', 'Salma Guerich', 'landmark transaction', 'Ebba Wexler', 'Katrin Wehle', 'strategic currency', 'financial stability', 'enthusiastic interest', 'impressive demand', 'busy week', 'remarkable accomplishment', 'high-quality accounts', 'Thomas Leocadio', 'S&P', 'Settlement date', 'Maturity date', 'Issue price', 'Clearing system', 'SSA DCM', 'SSA space', 'five markets', 'capital markets', 'growing support', 'final spread', 'tremendous week', 'broad appeal', '120 investors', 'WASHINGTON', 'January', 'Reconstruction', 'IBRD', 'Aaa/AAA', '120 orders', 'Europe', 'Asia', 'mid-swaps', 'Citi', 'Natixis', 'currencies', 'USDeq', 'strength', 'Treasurer', 'Type', 'France', 'Germany', 'UK', 'Others', 'Congratulations', 'return', 'trade', 'testament', 'metrics', 'globe', 'mission', 'Head', 'Supranational', 'Agency', 'commitment', 'leadership', 'history', 'achievement', 'established', 'name', 'Moody', 'Amount', '1,000 Coupon', 'Listing', 'ISIN']",2025-01-09,2025-01-09,miragenews.com
48055,Deutsche Boerse,Bing API,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/janus-henderson-launches-aaa-rated-191725423.html,Janus Henderson Launches AAA-Rated CLO ETF in Europe,The ETF will invest primarily in European AAA-rated CLO issuance and up to 30% in non-European AAA CLOs compliant with European securitized regulations.,"EuropeJanus Henderson  which manages $20.7 billion in 12 U.S.-issued ETFs  has entered Europe’s nascent active fixed-income ETF market with a strategy capturing AAA-rated collateralized loan obligations (CLOs).The Janus Henderson Tabula EUR AAA CLO UCITS ETF (JCL0) will list on Deutsche Boerse with a total expense ratio (TER) of 0.35%. The exchange-traded fund will list on the London Stock Exchange and Borsa Italiana in due course.JCL0 will be managed by secured credit head Colin Fleury and secured credit portfolio managers Denis Struc and Ian Bettney.The ETF will invest primarily in European AAA-rated CLO issuance and up to 30% in non-European AAA CLOs that are compliant with European securitized regulations.Janus launched the Janus Henderson AAA CLO ETF (JAAA) in 2020 in the U.S. and it has accumulated $17.3 billion in assets. It's gained 7.4% over the past year.Janus Henderson’s securitized investment team is comprised of six portfolio managers responsible for over $36 billion in assets under management (AUM) globally  with CLOs representing a “substantial portion” of these assets  the firm said.Fleury commented: “AAA CLOs are a compelling alternative to investment grade corporates  typically offering higher yields and more credit spread for a better-quality asset with lower sensitivity to interest rate volatility. They can significantly enhance clients’ potential to achieve higher levels of income in their fixed income or cash allocations.""AAA CLO ETFsMichael John Lytle  CEO of Tabula  added: ""AAA CLO ETFs have been one of the most important innovations in the global ETF market in recent years. The specialized expertise required to construct robust CLO portfolios means that a dedicated team like the one at Janus Henderson is key to making this asset class accessible to a broader audience.”JCL0 becomes the latest addition to Janus Henderson’s European active ETF roll-out  following high conviction Japan and Europe equity offerings in October and November  respectively.It also comes as CLOs become a launch focus for ETF issuers in Europe  with Invesco filing to launch a pair of CLO ETFs with the Central Bank of Ireland (CBI) after understanding that the regulator is set to change its stance on the exposure.This article was originally published on etf.com sister publication ETF Stream.Permalink | © Copyright 2025 etf.com. All rights reserved",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.07,0.93,0.0,True,English,"['AAA-Rated CLO ETF', 'Janus Henderson', 'Europe', 'nascent active fixed-income ETF market', 'EUR AAA CLO UCITS ETF', 'AAA-rated collateralized loan obligations', 'Janus Henderson AAA CLO ETF', 'European active ETF roll-out', 'etf.com sister publication', 'European AAA-rated CLO issuance', '12 U.S.-issued ETFs', 'The Janus Henderson Tabula', 'global ETF market', 'AAA CLO ETFs', 'European securitized regulations', 'robust CLO portfolios', 'total expense ratio', 'London Stock Exchange', 'six portfolio managers', 'investment grade corporates', 'interest rate volatility', 'Michael John Lytle', 'securitized investment team', 'credit portfolio managers', 'non-European AAA CLOs', 'Europe equity offerings', 'ETF issuers', 'ETF Stream', 'dedicated team', 'credit head', 'credit spread', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'exchange-traded fund', 'Borsa Italiana', 'due course', 'Denis Struc', 'Ian Bettney', 'past year', 'substantial portion', 'compelling alternative', 'higher yields', 'quality asset', 'lower sensitivity', 'clients’ potential', 'higher levels', 'cash allocations', 'important innovations', 'recent years', 'specialized expertise', 'asset class', 'broader audience', 'latest addition', 'high conviction', 'launch focus', 'Central Bank', 'Colin Fleury', 'fixed income', 'strategy', 'JCL', 'JAAA', 'assets', 'management', 'AUM', 'firm', 'CEO', 'one', 'Japan', 'October', 'November', 'Invesco', 'pair', 'Ireland', 'CBI', 'regulator', 'stance', 'exposure', 'article', 'Permalink', 'Copyright', 'rights']",2025-01-09,2025-01-09,finance.yahoo.com
48056,Deutsche Boerse,Bing API,https://www.pharmiweb.com/press-release/2025-01-09/formycon-included-in-tecdax-index-of-deutsche-boerse,Formycon included in TecDAX Index of Deutsche Börse,MiscellaneousFormycon included in TecDAX Index of Deutsche Börse 09.01.2025 / 15:30 CET/CESTThe issuer is solely responsible for the content of this announcement.Press Release // January 9  2025 Formycon included in TecDAX Index of Deutsche Börse,EQS-News: Formycon AG / Key word(s): MiscellaneousFormycon included in TecDAX Index of Deutsche Börse09.01.2025 / 15:30 CET/CESTThe issuer is solely responsible for the content of this announcement.Press Release // January 9  2025Formycon included in TecDAX Index of Deutsche Börse Formycon to join the ranks of the 30 leading listed technology companiesUplisting to the Prime Standard  inclusion in the SDAX  and robust business development further enhance the stock’s appealEntry into the TecDAX becomes effective as of January 13  2025 Planegg-Martinsried  Germany - Formycon AG (FSE: FYB  Prime Standard  “Formycon”) will officially be included in the TecDAX of Deutsche Börse on January 13  2025. This decision was announced today as part of an unscheduled index adjustment by Deutsche Börse. With its inclusion in the TecDAX  Formycon is now ranked among the 30 largest publicly traded technology companies in Germany  based on free-float market capitalization and trading volume. “We are extremely pleased that  just three weeks after joining the SDAX  Formycon will now also be included in the TecDAX. This milestone strengthens our position in the capital markets and increases our visibility as one of Germany’s important technology stocks. Being part of these important stock indices underscores the success of our capital market strategy. Moreover  it serves as further recognition of the outstanding performance of the entire Formycon team as part of our successful growth strategy as a leading 'pure-play' biosimilar developer ” said Enno Spillner  CFO of Formycon AG. Since its initial listing in 2010  Formycon has consistently aligned itself with the demands of the capital markets  thereby laying the foundation for its exceptionally positive business development in recent years. This strategic focus also paved the way for the successful uplisting to the Prime Standard of Deutsche Börse in November 2024. About Formycon:Formycon AG (FSE: FYB) is a leading  independent developer of high-quality biosimilars  follow-on products of biopharmaceutical medicines. The company focuses on therapies in ophthalmology  immunology  immuno-oncology and other key disease areas  covering almost the entire value chain from technical development through clinical trials to approval by the regulatory authorities. For commercialization of its biosimilars  Formycon relies on strong  well-trusted and long-term partnerships worldwide. With FYB201/Ranibizumab  Formycon already has a biosimilar on the market in Europe and the USA. Two further biosimilars  FYB202/ustekinumab and FYB203/aflibercept  received FDA approval; FYB202 is also approved in Europe and Canada. Another four biosimilar candidates are currently in development. With its biosimilars  Formycon is making an important contribution to providing as many patients as possible with access to highly effective and affordable medicines. Formycon AG is headquartered in Munich and is listed in the Prime Standard of the Frankfurt Stock Exchange: FYB / ISIN: DE000A1EWVY8 / WKN: A1EWVY and has been part of the selection index SDAX since December 2024. Further information can be found at: https://www.formycon.com About Biosimilars:Since their introduction in the 1980s  biopharmaceutical drugs have revolutionized the treatment of serious and chronic diseases. By 2032  many of these drugs will lose their patent protection – including 45 blockbusters with an estimated total annual global turnover of more than 200 billion US dollars. Biosimilars are successor products to biopharmaceutical drugs for which market exclusivity has expired. They are approved in highly regulated markets such as the EU  the USA  Canada  Japan and Australia in accordance with strict regulatory procedures. Biosimilars create competition and thus give more patients access to biopharmaceutical therapies. At the same time  they reduce costs for healthcare systems. Global sales of biosimilars currently amount to around 21 billion US dollars. Analysts assume that sales could rise to over 74 billion US dollars by 2030.Contact:Sabrina Müller Director Investor Relations & Corporate Communications Formycon AGFraunhoferstr. 1582152 Planegg-MartinsriedGermanyTel.: +49 (0) 89 - 86 46 67 149Fax: + 49 (0) 89 - 86 46 67 110Mail: Sabrina.Mueller@formycon.comDisclaimer:This press release may contain forward-looking statements and information which are based on Formycon’s current expectations and certain assumptions. Various known and unknown risks  uncertainties and other factors could lead to material differences between the actual future results  financial situation  performance of the company  development of the products and the estimates given here. Such known and unknown risks and uncertainties comprise  among others  the research and development  the regulatory approval process  the timing of the actions of regulatory bodies and other governmental authorities  clinical results  changes in laws and regulations  product quality  patient safety  patent litigation  contractual risks and dependencies from third parties. With respect to pipeline products  Formycon AG does not provide any representation  warranties or any other guarantees that the products will receive the necessary regulatory approvals or that they will prove to be commercially exploitable and/or successful. Formycon AG assumes no obligation to update these forward-looking statements or to correct them in case of developments which differ from those anticipated. This document neither constitutes an offer to sell nor a solicitation of an offer to buy or subscribe for securities of Formycon AG. No public offering of securities of Formycon AG will be made nor is a public offering intended. This document and the information contained therein may not be distributed in or into the United States of America  Canada  Australia  Japan or any other jurisdictions  in which such offer or such solicitation would be prohibited. This document does not constitute an offer for the sale of securities in the United States.09.01.2025 CET/CEST Dissemination of a Corporate News  transmitted by EQS News - a service of EQS Group.The issuer is solely responsible for the content of this announcement.The EQS Distribution Services include Regulatory Announcements  Financial/Corporate News and Press Releases.Archive at www.eqs-news.com,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.44,0.26,0.29,True,English,"['Deutsche Börse', 'TecDAX Index', 'Formycon', '30 largest publicly traded technology companies', '30 leading listed technology companies', 'total annual global turnover', 'other key disease areas', ""leading 'pure-play' biosimilar developer"", 'Deutsche Börse Formycon', 'leading, independent developer', 'important technology stocks', 'entire value chain', '200 billion US dollars', '21 billion US dollars', '74 billion US dollars', 'four biosimilar candidates', 'successful growth strategy', 'strict regulatory procedures', 'Sabrina Müller', 'actual future results', 'other governmental authorities', 'Frankfurt Stock Exchange', 'unscheduled index adjustment', 'free-float market capitalization', 'important stock indices', 'robust business development', 'positive business development', 'capital market strategy', 'entire Formycon team', 'regulatory approval process', 'Key word', 'regulatory authorities', 'other factors', 'important contribution', 'Global sales', 'Sabrina.Mueller', 'regulatory bodies', 'clinical results', 'capital markets', 'selection index', 'market exclusivity', 'Press Release', 'Prime Standard', 'trading volume', 'Enno Spillner', 'initial listing', 'recent years', 'strategic focus', 'successful uplisting', 'biopharmaceutical medicines', 'clinical trials', 'long-term partnerships', 'FDA approval', 'affordable medicines', 'chronic diseases', 'patent protection', 'regulated markets', 'same time', 'healthcare systems', 'Investor Relations', 'Corporate Communications', 'forward-looking statements', 'current expectations', 'Various known', 'unknown risks', 'material differences', 'financial situation', 'Such known', 'product quality', 'patient safety', 'patent litigation', 'contractual risks', 'third partie', 'technical development', 'biopharmaceutical drugs', 'TecDAX Index', 'Formycon AG', 'outstanding performance', 'many patients', 'Further information', 'biopharmaceutical therapies', 'successor products', 'high-quality biosimilars', 'EQS-News', 'Miscellaneous', '30 CET', 'CEST', 'issuer', 'content', 'announcement', 'January', 'ranks', 'inclusion', 'SDAX', 'appeal', 'Entry', 'Planegg-Martinsried', 'Germany', 'FSE', 'FYB', 'decision', 'milestone', 'position', 'visibility', 'recognition', 'CFO', 'demands', 'foundation', 'way', 'November', 'company', 'ophthalmology', 'immunology', 'immuno-oncology', 'commercialization', 'Europe', 'USA', 'Two', 'Canada', 'access', 'effective', 'Munich', 'ISIN', 'DE000A1EWVY8', 'WKN', 'December', 'introduction', '1980s', 'treatment', 'serious', '45 blockbusters', 'Japan', 'Australia', 'accordance', 'competition', 'costs', 'Analysts', 'Contact', 'Director', 'Fraunhoferstr.', 'Tel.', 'Fax', 'Mail', 'Disclaimer', 'assumptions', 'uncertainties', 'estimates', 'others', 'research', 'timing', 'actions', 'changes', 'laws', 'regulations', 'dependencies', '49']",2025-01-09,2025-01-09,pharmiweb.com
48057,Deutsche Boerse,Bing API,https://markets.businessinsider.com/news/stocks/eqs-news-formycon-included-in-tecdax-index-of-deutsche-b-246-rse-1034210176,EQS-News: Formycon included in TecDAX Index of Deutsche Börse,Formycon AG is headquartered in Munich and is listed in the Prime Standard of the Frankfurt Stock Exchange: FYB / ISIN: DE000A1EWVY8 / WKN: A1EWVY and has been part of the selection index SDAX since December 2024. Further information can be found at: https://www.formycon.com,EQS-News: Formycon AG / Key word(s): MiscellaneousFormycon included in TecDax Index of Deutsche Börse09.01.2025 / 15:30 CET/CESTThe issuer is solely responsible for the content of this announcement.Press Release // January 9  2025Formycon included in TecDAX Index of Deutsche BörseFormycon to join the ranks of the 30 leading listed technology companiesUplisting to the Prime Standard  inclusion in the SDAX  and robust business development further enhance the stock’s appealEntry into the TecDAX becomes effective as of January 13  2025Planegg-Martinsried  Germany - Formycon AG (FSE: FYB  Prime Standard  “Formycon”) will officially be included in the TecDAX of Deutsche Börse on January 13  2025. This decision was announced today as part of an unscheduled index adjustment by Deutsche Börse. With its inclusion in the TecDAX  Formycon is now ranked among the 30 largest publicly traded technology companies in Germany  based on free-float market capitalization and trading volume.“We are extremely pleased that  just three weeks after joining the SDAX  Formycon will now also be included in the TecDAX. This milestone strengthens our position in the capital markets and increases our visibility as one of Germany’s important technology stocks. Being part of these important stock indices underscores the success of our capital market strategy. Moreover  it serves as further recognition of the outstanding performance of the entire Formycon team as part of our successful growth strategy as a leading 'pure-play' biosimilar developer ” said Enno Spillner  CFO of Formycon AG.Since its initial listing in 2010  Formycon has consistently aligned itself with the demands of the capital markets  thereby laying the foundation for its exceptionally positive business development in recent years. This strategic focus also paved the way for the successful uplisting to the Prime Standard of Deutsche Börse in November 2024.About Formycon:Formycon AG (FSE: FYB) is a leading  independent developer of high-quality biosimilars  follow-on products of biopharmaceutical medicines. The company focuses on therapies in ophthalmology  immunology  immuno-oncology and other key disease areas  covering almost the entire value chain from technical development through clinical trials to approval by the regulatory authorities. For commercialization of its biosimilars  Formycon relies on strong  well-trusted and long-term partnerships worldwide. With FYB201/Ranibizumab  Formycon already has a biosimilar on the market in Europe and the USA. Two further biosimilars  FYB202/ustekinumab and FYB203/aflibercept  received FDA approval; FYB202 is also approved in Europe and Canada. Another four biosimilar candidates are currently in development. With its biosimilars  Formycon is making an important contribution to providing as many patients as possible with access to highly effective and affordable medicines.Formycon AG is headquartered in Munich and is listed in the Prime Standard of the Frankfurt Stock Exchange: FYB / ISIN: DE000A1EWVY8 / WKN: A1EWVY and has been part of the selection index SDAX since December 2024. Further information can be found at: https://www.formycon.comAbout Biosimilars:Since their introduction in the 1980s  biopharmaceutical drugs have revolutionized the treatment of serious and chronic diseases. By 2032  many of these drugs will lose their patent protection – including 45 blockbusters with an estimated total annual global turnover of more than 200 billion US dollars. Biosimilars are successor products to biopharmaceutical drugs for which market exclusivity has expired. They are approved in highly regulated markets such as the EU  the USA  Canada  Japan and Australia in accordance with strict regulatory procedures. Biosimilars create competition and thus give more patients access to biopharmaceutical therapies. At the same time  they reduce costs for healthcare systems. Global sales of biosimilars currently amount to around 21 billion US dollars. Analysts assume that sales could rise to over 74 billion US dollars by 2030.Contact:Sabrina Müller Director Investor Relations & Corporate Communications Formycon AGFraunhoferstr. 1582152 Planegg-MartinsriedGermanyTel.: +49 (0) 89 - 86 46 67 149Fax: + 49 (0) 89 - 86 46 67 110Mail: Sabrina.Mueller@formycon.comDisclaimer:This press release may contain forward-looking statements and information which are based on Formycon’s current expectations and certain assumptions. Various known and unknown risks  uncertainties and other factors could lead to material differences between the actual future results  financial situation  performance of the company  development of the products and the estimates given here. Such known and unknown risks and uncertainties comprise  among others  the research and development  the regulatory approval process  the timing of the actions of regulatory bodies and other governmental authorities  clinical results  changes in laws and regulations  product quality  patient safety  patent litigation  contractual risks and dependencies from third parties. With respect to pipeline products  Formycon AG does not provide any representation  warranties or any other guarantees that the products will receive the necessary regulatory approvals or that they will prove to be commercially exploitable and/or successful. Formycon AG assumes no obligation to update these forward-looking statements or to correct them in case of developments which differ from those anticipated. This document neither constitutes an offer to sell nor a solicitation of an offer to buy or subscribe for securities of Formycon AG. No public offering of securities of Formycon AG will be made nor is a public offering intended. This document and the information contained therein may not be distributed in or into the United States of America  Canada  Australia  Japan or any other jurisdictions  in which such offer or such solicitation would be prohibited. This document does not constitute an offer for the sale of securities in the United States.,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.5,0.23,0.27,True,English,"['Deutsche Börse', 'TecDAX Index', 'EQS-News', 'Formycon', '30 largest publicly traded technology companies', '30 leading listed technology companies', 'total annual global turnover', 'other key disease areas', ""leading 'pure-play' biosimilar developer"", 'leading, independent developer', 'important technology stocks', 'Deutsche Börse', 'entire value chain', '200 billion US dollars', '21 billion US dollars', '74 billion US dollars', 'four biosimilar candidates', 'successful growth strategy', 'strict regulatory procedures', 'Sabrina Müller', 'actual future results', 'other governmental authorities', 'Frankfurt Stock Exchange', 'unscheduled index adjustment', 'free-float market capitalization', 'important stock indices', 'robust business development', 'positive business development', 'capital market strategy', 'regulatory approval process', 'entire Formycon team', 'Key word', 'regulatory authorities', 'other factors', 'important contribution', 'Global sales', 'Sabrina.Mueller', 'regulatory bodies', 'clinical results', 'capital markets', 'selection index', 'market exclusivity', 'Press Release', 'trading volume', 'Enno Spillner', 'initial listing', 'recent years', 'strategic focus', 'successful uplisting', 'biopharmaceutical medicines', 'clinical trials', 'long-term partnerships', 'FDA approval', 'affordable medicines', 'chronic diseases', 'patent protection', 'regulated markets', 'same time', 'healthcare systems', 'Investor Relations', 'Corporate Communications', 'forward-looking statements', 'current expectations', 'Various known', 'unknown risks', 'material differences', 'financial situation', 'Such known', 'product quality', 'patient safety', 'patent litigation', 'contractual risks', 'technical development', 'Prime Standard', 'biopharmaceutical drugs', 'TecDax Index', 'outstanding performance', 'many patients', 'Further information', 'biopharmaceutical therapies', 'Formycon AG', 'successor products', 'high-quality biosimilars', 'EQS-News', 'Miscellaneous', '30 CET', 'CEST', 'issuer', 'content', 'announcement', 'January', 'ranks', 'inclusion', 'SDAX', 'appeal', 'Entry', 'Planegg-Martinsried', 'Germany', 'FSE', 'FYB', 'decision', 'milestone', 'position', 'visibility', 'recognition', 'CFO', 'demands', 'foundation', 'way', 'November', 'company', 'ophthalmology', 'immunology', 'immuno-oncology', 'commercialization', 'Europe', 'USA', 'Two', 'Canada', 'access', 'effective', 'Munich', 'ISIN', 'DE000A1EWVY8', 'WKN', 'December', 'introduction', '1980s', 'treatment', 'serious', '45 blockbusters', 'Japan', 'Australia', 'accordance', 'competition', 'costs', 'Analysts', 'Contact', 'Director', 'Fraunhoferstr.', 'Tel.', 'Fax', 'Mail', 'Disclaimer', 'assumptions', 'uncertainties', 'estimates', 'others', 'research', 'timing', 'actions', 'changes', 'laws', 'regulations', 'dependencie', '49']",2025-01-09,2025-01-09,markets.businessinsider.com
48058,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/01/08/3006707/0/en/Monthly-information-on-share-capital-and-company-voting-rights.html,Monthly information on share capital and company voting rights,(Article 223-16 of General Regulation of the French financial markets authority) (Article 223-16 of General Regulation of the French financial markets authority),PARIS  Jan. 08  2025 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) --Listing market: Euronext GrowthISIN code: FR0010425595Date Total number of sharesin the capital Total number of votingrights 12/31/2024 100 093 873 88 660 539For further information on Cellectis  please contact:Media contact:Pascalyne Wilson  Director  Communications  +33 (0)7 76 99 14 33  media@cellectis.comPatricia Sosa Navarro  Chief of Staff to the CEO  +33 (0)7 76 77 46 93Investor Relations contacts:Arthur Stril  Interim Chief Financial Officer  +1 (347) 809 5980  investors@cellectis.comAttachment,neutral,0.39,0.6,0.01,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['company voting rights', 'Monthly information', 'share capital', 'Interim Chief Financial Officer', 'Patricia Sosa Navarro', 'Investor Relations contacts', 'capital Total number', 'GLOBE NEWSWIRE', 'Listing market', 'Euronext Growth', 'ISIN code', 'voting rights', 'Media contact', 'Pascalyne Wilson', 'Arthur Stril', 'PARIS', 'Jan.', 'Date', 'shares', 'information', 'Cellectis', 'Director', 'Communications', 'Staff', 'CEO', 'Attachment', '7']",2025-01-08,2025-01-09,globenewswire.com
48059,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.investing.com/news/company-news/roche-completes-tender-offer-for-poseida-therapeutics-shares-93CH-3801932,Roche completes tender offer for Poseida Therapeutics shares By Investing.com,Roche completes tender offer for Poseida Therapeutics shares,DUBLIN - Malin Corporation (OTC: ) plc ( Euronext (EPA: ) Growth Dublin:MLC)  an investor in life sciences companies  announced today that Roche Holdings  Inc.'s subsidiary Blue Giant Acquisition Corp. has successfully completed a tender offer for all outstanding shares of Poseida Therapeutics  Inc. (NASDAQ:PSTX). Roche's offer included $9.00 per share in cash and a contingent value right (CVR) for additional payments up to $4.00 per share  contingent on achieving certain milestones.The tender offer  which expired just after midnight on January 7  2025  will not be extended. Roche plans to finalize Poseida's acquisition later today through a merger  turning Poseida into a wholly owned subsidiary of Roche. Consequently  Poseida shares will be delisted from the Nasdaq Global Select Market.Malin  which holds approximately 12% of Poseida's issued share capital  expects to receive initial net proceeds of about $106.5 million from the transaction. There is also the potential for Malin to gain up to an additional $47.3 million through the CVRs if specific milestones are met.Following this transaction  Malin's board will explore options for returning surplus capital to its shareholders and will make further announcements as decisions are made.The acquisition of Poseida aligns with Roche's strategic initiatives to expand its portfolio in the biopharmaceutical sector. The completion of this transaction marks a significant milestone for both companies and their stakeholders.This report is based on a press release statement.This article was generated with the support of AI and reviewed by an editor. For more information see our T&C.,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,True,English,"['Poseida Therapeutics shares', 'tender offer', 'Roche', 'Investing', 'subsidiary Blue Giant Acquisition Corp.', 'Nasdaq Global Select Market', 'contingent value right', 'initial net proceeds', 'press release statement', 'life sciences companies', 'outstanding shares', 'additional payments', 'surplus capital', 'strategic initiatives', 'biopharmaceutical sector', 'significant milestone', 'T&C.', 'tender offer', 'Growth Dublin', 'specific milestones', 'Poseida Therapeutics', 'Poseida shares', 'share capital', 'Malin Corporation', 'Roche Holdings', 'OTC', 'plc', 'Euronext', 'EPA', 'MLC', 'investor', 'PSTX', 'cash', 'CVR', 'midnight', 'January', 'merger', 'transaction', 'potential', 'board', 'options', 'shareholders', 'announcements', 'decisions', 'portfolio', 'completion', 'stakeholders', 'report', 'article', 'support', 'AI', 'editor', 'information']",2025-01-08,2025-01-09,investing.com
48060,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/01/08/3006484/0/en/FORVIA-Total-number-of-voting-rights-and-shares-forming-the-share-capital.html,FORVIA: Total number of voting rights and shares forming the share capital,Nanterre  8 January 2025  Total number of voting rights and shares forming the share capital (Article L. 233-8 II of the French Commercial Code...,Nanterre  8 January 2025Total number of voting rights and shares forming the share capital(Article L. 233-8 II of the French Commercial Code andArticle 223-16 of the General Regulation of the French Financial Markets Authority)__________________Trading place : Euronext ParisCompartment : AISIN code : FR0000121147LEI code : 969500F0VMZLK2IULV85Date Number of shares Total number of theoretical voting rights (1) Total number of exercisable voting rights (2) 31 December 2024 197 089 340 231 220 942 219 304 702(1) In accordance with the provisions of Article 223-11 of the General Regulation of the French Financial Markets Authority  the total number of voting rights (theoretical) is calculated on the basis of all the shares to which voting rights are attached  including the shares deprived of voting rights.(2) Exercisable voting rights = total number of voting rights attached to the total number of shares less shares deprived of voting rights.Inclusion in the bylaws of a clause that requires crossing thresholds declaration in addition to that related to legal thresholds : yes.Attachment,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,negative,0.0,0.15,0.84,True,English,"['Total number', 'voting rights', 'share capital', 'FORVIA', 'shares', 'French Financial Markets Authority', 'French Commercial Code', 'Euronext Paris Compartment', 'theoretical voting rights', 'exercisable voting rights', 'ISIN code', 'LEI code', 'Total number', 'share capital', 'General Regulation', 'Trading place', 'Date Number', 'thresholds declaration', 'legal thresholds', 'Article L.', 'less shares', 'Nanterre', '8 January', '969500F0VMZLK2IULV85', '31 December', 'accordance', 'provisions', 'basis', 'Inclusion', 'bylaws', 'clause', 'addition', 'Attachment']",2025-01-08,2025-01-09,globenewswire.com
48061,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/01/08/3006549/0/en/Press-release-Orange-Transactions-carried-out-as-part-of-a-share-buyback-program-and-outside-of-a-liquidity-contract.html,Press release - Orange: Transactions carried out as part of a share buyback program and outside of a liquidity contract,Press releaseParis  08 January 2025  Transactions carried out as part of a share buyback program and outside of a liquidity contract  Orange announces...,"Press releaseParis  08 January 2025Transactions carried out as part of a share buyback program and outside of a liquidity contractOrange announces that it has purchased treasury shares within the framework of its 2024 share buyback program.These shares have been acquired to honor obligations related to long-term incentive plans for corporate officers and senior employees. The long-term incentive plans  which are conditional on presence and performance  were set up with the aim of involving Group key managers in the success of its strategic plan.Name of the issuer: Orange (LEI: 969500MCOONR8990S771)References of the share buyback program: A description of the program authorized by the Shareholders’ General Meeting held on 22 May 2024 (16th resolution) can be found in Orange’s 2023 universal registration document (section 6.5)Securities identifying code: Ordinary shares (ISIN: 0000133308)  listed on Euronext Paris / Compartment AStart date of the program: The 16th resolution of the shareholders’ general meeting held on 22 May 2024 was activated at the Board of Directors meeting on 22 May 2024Cash purchases of shares on 6 January 2025:Trading date Type of transaction Number of shares Daily weighted average purchase price (€) Amount (€) 06 January 2025 Purchase 1 000 000 9.6313€ 9 631 300.00€ Total Purchase 1 000 000 9.6313€ 9 631 300.00€None of these shares were purchased as part of a share liquidity contract. Detailed information on these transactions may be found on the Orange website (Investors' Library (orange.com)).About OrangeOrange is one of the world’s leading telecommunications operators with revenues of 39.7 billion euros in 2023 and 128 000 employees worldwide at 30 September 2024  including 71 000 employees in France. The Group has a total customer base of 292 million customers worldwide at 30 September 2024  including 253 million mobile customers and 22 million fixed broadband customers. These figures have been restated to account for the deconsolidation of certain activities in Spain following the creation of MASORANGE. The Group is present in 26 countries (including non-consolidated countries).Orange is also a leading provider of global IT and telecommunication services to multinational companies under the brand Orange Business. In February 2023  the Group presented its strategic plan ""Lead the Future""  built on a new business model and guided by responsibility and efficiency. ""Lead the Future"" capitalizes on network excellence to reinforce Orange's leadership in service quality.Orange is listed on Euronext Paris (symbol ORA).For more information on the internet and on your mobile: www.orange.com  www.orange-business.com and the Orange News app or to follow us on X: @orangegrouppr.Orange and any other Orange product or service names included in this material are trademarks of Orange or Orange Brand Services Limited.Press contact: Tom Wright; tom.wright@orange.comAttachment",neutral,0.0,0.98,0.02,negative,0.0,0.27,0.73,True,English,"['share buyback program', 'Press release', 'liquidity contract', 'Orange', 'Transactions', 'part', 'Daily weighted average purchase price', '22 million fixed broadband customers', 'Orange Brand Services Limited', 'long-term incentive plans', '2023 universal registration document', 'Securities identifying code', 'Shareholders’ General Meeting', 'Trading date Type', 'leading telecommunications operators', 'total customer base', 'share buyback program', 'Group key managers', 'share liquidity contract', '253 million mobile customers', 'new business model', 'Orange News app', 'other Orange product', '22 May 2024 (16th resolution', '292 million customers', 'Total Purchase', 'telecommunication services', 'Directors meeting', 'Start date', 'leading provider', 'Press release', 'corporate officers', 'strategic plan', 'Compartment A', 'Cash purchases', ""Investors' Library"", '39.7 billion euros', 'The Group', 'global IT', 'multinational companies', 'network excellence', 'service quality', 'symbol ORA', 'service names', 'Press contact', 'Euronext Paris', 'Orange website', 'Orange Business', 'Detailed information', 'consolidated countries', 'treasury shares', 'senior employees', 'Ordinary shares', 'Tom Wright', '26 countries', '128,000 employees', '71,000 employees', '08 January', 'Transactions', 'framework', 'obligations', 'presence', 'performance', 'aim', 'success', 'issuer', 'LEI', '969500MCOONR8990S77', 'References', 'description', 'section', 'ISIN', 'Board', '6 January', 'Number', 'Amount', 'None', 'world', 'revenues', '30 September', 'France', 'figures', 'deconsolidation', 'activities', 'Spain', 'creation', 'MASORANGE', 'February', 'Future', 'responsibility', 'efficiency', 'leadership', 'internet', 'material', 'trademarks', 'Attachment']",2025-01-08,2025-01-09,globenewswire.com
48062,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.investing.com/news/company-news/aib-group-concludes-eur-700mm-securities-offer-without-stabilization-93CH-3802091,AIB Group concludes EUR 700mm securities offer without stabilization By Investing.com,AIB Group concludes EUR 700mm securities offer without stabilization,LONDON - J.P. Morgan SE has announced that AIB Group (OTC: ) plc's recent securities offering of EUR 700 million was concluded without the need for stabilization actions. The offer  which involved a perpetual  non-call seven-year Fixed Rate Reset AT1 Perpetual Contingent Temporary Write Down Securities  was listed on the Global Exchange Market of Euronext (EPA: ) Dublin.The stabilization period  which is a post-listing process allowing underwriters to buy shares at the offer price to prevent or reduce a decline in the market price  was not utilized by the stabilization managers involved. J.P. Morgan SE served as the stabilization coordinator  with BofA Securities  Goldman Sachs International  Goodbody  Morgan Stanley (NYSE: )  and UBS Investment Bank acting as stabilization managers.The securities were offered at 100%  and the lack of stabilization indicates a steady or sufficient demand for the AIB Group plc securities. Stabilization is a regulatory measure under the Market Abuse Regulation (EU/596/2014) and the rules of the Financial Conduct Authority  aimed at supporting the market price of securities in the immediate aftermath of an offering.This announcement  which is based on a press release statement  serves purely for informational purposes. It does not represent an invitation or offer to underwrite  subscribe for  or otherwise acquire or dispose of any securities of the Issuer in any jurisdiction. The details provided are in compliance with the regulations set forth by the Financial Conduct Authority in the United Kingdom (TADAWUL: ).This article was generated with the support of AI and reviewed by an editor. For more information see our T&C.,neutral,0.01,0.86,0.13,negative,0.0,0.23,0.77,True,English,"['EUR 700mm securities offer', 'AIB Group', 'stabilization', 'Investing', 'com', 'AT1 Perpetual Contingent Temporary Write Down Securities', 'perpetual, non-call seven-year Fixed Rate Reset', 'J.P. Morgan SE', 'AIB Group plc securities', 'Goldman Sachs International', 'UBS Investment Bank', 'Financial Conduct Authority', 'press release statement', 'Global Exchange Market', 'Market Abuse Regulation', 'recent securities offering', 'Morgan Stanley', 'BofA Securities', 'market price', 'post-listing process', 'sufficient demand', 'regulatory measure', 'immediate aftermath', 'informational purposes', 'United Kingdom', 'T&C.', 'stabilization actions', 'stabilization period', 'stabilization managers', 'stabilization coordinator', 'offer price', 'LONDON', 'OTC', 'need', 'Euronext', 'EPA', 'Dublin', 'underwriters', 'shares', 'decline', 'Goodbody', 'NYSE', 'lack', 'steady', 'rules', 'announcement', 'invitation', 'Issuer', 'jurisdiction', 'details', 'compliance', 'regulations', 'TADAWUL', 'article', 'support', 'editor']",2025-01-08,2025-01-09,investing.com
48063,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.investing.com/news/company-news/enel-spa-concludes-securities-offer-without-stabilisation-actions-93CH-3802099,Enel SpA concludes securities offer without stabilisation actions By Investing.com,Enel SpA concludes securities offer without stabilisation actions,LONDON - J.P. Morgan SE announced on Wednesday that no stabilisation measures were executed in connection with Enel (BIT: ) SpA's recent securities offering. The offering involved two tranches of subordinated notes  with an aggregate nominal amount of EUR 1 billion for each tranche  listed on Euronext (EPA: ) Dublin.The securities in question were EUR Perpetual-Non-Call-5.25-year Fixed Rate Subordinated Notes and EUR Perpetual-Non-Call-8-year Fixed Rate Subordinated Notes. Despite the availability of stabilisation tactics  which are actions taken by underwriters to support the price of a security after its initial offering  the stabilisation manager  J.P. Morgan SE  along with other managers involved  did not find it necessary to undertake such measures during the post-stabilisation period.The offer price was set at 99.442% for the 5.25-year notes and 99.180% for the 8-year notes. The team of stabilisation managers included prominent financial institutions such as BNP Paribas (OTC: )  BofA Securities  Citi  Deutsche Bank (ETR: )  Goldman Sachs International  HSBC  IMI-Intesa Sanpaolo  MUFG  Societe Generale (OTC: )  SMBC  and UniCredit.Stabilisation activities are regulated under Article 3.2(d) of the Market Abuse Regulation (EU/596/2014)  as well as the rules of the Financial Conduct Authority. These actions are typically intended to prevent or reduce short-term volatility in the trading price of securities after an offering  ensuring a smoother market entry. However  the lack of such activities in this case may suggest that the market received Enel SpA's offering positively  providing enough support for the securities without the need for additional intervention.This information is based on a press release statement and is intended for informational purposes only  not as an invitation or offer to engage in securities transactions. The announcement does not carry implications for future market actions or the overall performance of Enel SpA's securities.This article was generated with the support of AI and reviewed by an editor. For more information see our T&C.,neutral,0.01,0.95,0.04,negative,0.02,0.36,0.62,True,English,"['Enel SpA', 'securities offer', 'stabilisation actions', 'Investing', 'Call-5.25-year Fixed Rate Subordinated Notes', 'EUR Perpetual-Non-Call-8-year Fixed Rate Subordinated Notes', 'J.P. Morgan SE', 'aggregate nominal amount', 'prominent financial institutions', 'Goldman Sachs International', 'Financial Conduct Authority', 'press release statement', 'Market Abuse Regulation', 'smoother market entry', '5.25-year notes', 'future market actions', 'recent securities offering', '8-year notes', 'two tranches', 'stabilisation tactics', 'stabilisation manager', 'other managers', 'post-stabilisation period', 'BNP Paribas', 'Deutsche Bank', 'IMI-Intesa Sanpaolo', 'Societe Generale', 'short-term volatility', 'additional intervention', 'informational purposes', 'overall performance', 'T&C.', 'initial offering', 'trading price', 'BofA Securities', 'securities transactions', 'stabilisation measures', 'Stabilisation activities', 'enough support', 'Enel SpA', 'offer price', 'LONDON', 'Wednesday', 'connection', 'BIT', 'Euronext', 'EPA', 'Dublin', 'question', 'availability', 'underwriters', 'security', 'team', 'OTC', 'Citi', 'ETR', 'HSBC', 'MUFG', 'SMBC', 'UniCredit', 'Article', 'rules', 'lack', 'case', 'need', 'invitation', 'announcement', 'implications', 'editor']",2025-01-08,2025-01-09,investing.com
48064,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/01/08/3006562/0/en/Marie-Brizard-Wine-Spirits-Half-year-review-of-Marie-Brizard-Wine-Spirits-liquidity-contract.html,Marie Brizard Wine & Spirits Half-year review of Marie Brizard Wine & Spirits’ liquidity contract,Charenton-le-Pont  January 8  2025  Half-year review of Marie Brizard Wine & Spirits’ liquidity contract  Under Marie Brizard Wine & Spirits’......,Charenton-le-Pont  January 8  2025Half-year review of Marie Brizard Wine & Spirits’ liquidity contractUnder Marie Brizard Wine & Spirits’ liquidity contract with Natixis Oddo BHF  the liquidity account contained the following assets at 31 December 2024:60539 shares of Marie Brizard Wine & Spirits162234 82 Euros in cashFor reference  at the time the contract was established on 29 June 2018  the account held the following assets:75528 shares of Marie Brizard Wine & Spirits380177 12 Euros in cashOver the period from 1st July 2024 to 31 December 2024 the following operations were carried out:964 purchase transactions686 sale transactionsOver the same period  the volumes traded represented:203745 shares and 770454 29 Euros for purchase transactions208651 shares and 793143 61 Euros for sale transactionsInvestor Relations & ShareholdersGroupe MBWSEmilie Drexlerrelations.actionnaires@mbws.comTél : +33 1 43 91 62 40 MediaImage SeptClaire Doligez -Laurent Poinsotcdoligez@image7.fr -lpoinsot@image7.frTél : +33 1 53 70 74 70About Marie Brizard Wine & SpiritsMarie Brizard Wine & Spirits is a Group of wines and spirits based in Europe and the United States. Marie Brizard Wine & Spirits stands out for its expertise  a combination of brands with a long tradition and a resolutely innovative spirit. Since the birth of the Maison Marie Brizard in 1755  the Marie Brizard Wine & Spirits Group has developed its brands in a spirit of modernity while respecting its origins.Marie Brizard Wine & Spirits' commitment is to offer its customers brands of confidence  daring and full of flavours and experiences. The Group now has a rich portfolio of leading brands in their market segments  including William Peel  Sobieski  Marie Brizard and Cognac Gautier.Marie Brizard Wine & Spirits is listed on Compartment B of Euronext Paris (FR0000060873 - MBWS) and is part of the EnterNext PEA-PME150 index.Attachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,True,English,"['Marie Brizard Wine', 'Spirits Half-year review', 'Spirits’ liquidity contract', 'Natixis Oddo BHF', 'Laurent Poinsot cdoligez', 'Marie Brizard Wine', 'Maison Marie Brizard', 'Emilie Drexler relations', 'Spirits’ liquidity contract', 'Investor Relations', 'liquidity account', 'Half-year review', 'following assets', '1st July', 'following operations', '964 purchase transactions', '686 sale transactions', 'Tél', 'Claire Doligez', 'United States', 'long tradition', 'rich portfolio', 'market segments', 'William Peel', 'Cognac Gautier', 'Compartment B', 'Euronext Paris', 'EnterNext PEA-PME', 'The Group', ""Spirits' commitment"", 'same period', 'innovative spirit', 'Groupe MBWS', 'Image Sept', 'leading brands', 'Spirits Group', 'Charenton-le-Pont', 'January', '31 December', '60539 shares', 'Euros', 'cash', 'reference', 'time', '29 June', '75528 shares', 'volumes', '203745 shares', '208651 shares', 'Shareholders', 'actionnaires', 'Media', 'lpoinsot', 'wines', 'Europe', 'expertise', 'combination', 'birth', 'modernity', 'origins', 'customers', 'confidence', 'flavours', 'experiences', 'Sobieski', '150 index', 'Attachment', '770454']",2025-01-08,2025-01-09,globenewswire.com
48065,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.pymnts.com/personnel/2025/dailypay-appoints-former-uber-cfo-nelson-chai-to-executive-chair/,DailyPay Appoints Former Uber CFO Nelson Chai to Executive Chair,Earned wage access platform DailyPay has tapped Uber’s former CFO to lead its board of directors. In a Wednesday (Jan. 8) press release  DailyPay announced Nelson Chai will be providing strategic oversight to the company as executive chair. The release noted …,Earned wage access platform DailyPay has tapped Uber’s former CFO to lead its board of directors.In a Wednesday (Jan. 8) press release  DailyPay announced Nelson Chai will be providing strategic oversight to the company as executive chair.The release noted that Chai brings more than three decades of experience in finance and technology to the role.“Over his extensive senior leadership across globally recognized companies  Nelson has executed many successful growth strategies  and we look forward to having his valuable experience and insights at DailyPay ” DailyPay CEO Stacy Greiner said in the release.Chai served as Uber’s CFO from 2018 to 2023  which included leading the ride-sharing and food delivery giant’s IPO  a $2.65 billion acquisition of Postmates in 2020 and the $2.25 billion acquisition of logistics operator Transplace in 2021.His previous senior leadership positions include CEO of Warranty Group  president of CIT Group  as well as CFO roles at Merrill Lynch  New York Stock Exchange Euronext and Archipelago Holdings. He currently serves on the boards of Chubb and Thermo Fisher Scientific  the release said.The Wall Street Journal reported that Chai departed Uber on Jan. 5  2024.Chai stated in the release: “DailyPay is an industry leader. The team has built an incredible mission-driven company empowering workers and helping them achieve personal work and financial goals. Impressively and at the same time  DailyPay is helping employers gain a competitive advantage in recruiting  retaining  and increasing worker productivity. DailyPay is a profitable platform  and I look forward to supporting their continued growth and success.”DailyPay has expanded its services in recent months  focusing on solutions that assist workers in managing their finances more effectively. In September  PYMNTS reported that the company was bringing earned wage access to the U.K. In October  the company added an international remittance feature that enables users to send money to friends and family worldwide.The company has also been recognized for its recent growth  being named to the Deloitte Technology Fast 500 list as one of North America’s fastest-growing technology firms.According to DailyPay research  employees using the company’s services are more engaged  with 55% taking extra shifts due to the platform’s flexibility.,neutral,0.05,0.95,0.0,positive,0.71,0.28,0.0,True,English,"['Former Uber CFO Nelson Chai', 'Executive Chair', 'DailyPay', 'New York Stock Exchange Euronext', 'The Wall Street Journal', 'previous senior leadership positions', 'many successful growth strategies', 'Deloitte Technology Fast 500 list', 'Earned wage access platform', 'extensive senior leadership', 'food delivery giant', 'Thermo Fisher Scientific', 'international remittance feature', 'growing technology firms', 'incredible mission-driven company', 'Jan. 8) press release', 'continued growth', 'recent growth', 'profitable platform', 'strategic oversight', 'executive chair', 'three decades', 'Stacy Greiner', '$2.65 billion acquisition', '$2.25 billion acquisition', 'logistics operator', 'Warranty Group', 'CIT Group', 'Merrill Lynch', 'Archipelago Holdings', 'industry leader', 'personal work', 'financial goals', 'same time', 'competitive advantage', 'worker productivity', 'recent months', 'U.K', 'North America', 'extra shifts', 'former CFO', 'CFO roles', 'valuable experience', 'DailyPay research', 'DailyPay CEO', 'Nelson Chai', 'Uber', 'board', 'directors', 'Wednesday', 'finance', 'globally', 'companies', 'insights', 'ride-sharing', 'IPO', 'Postmates', 'Transplace', 'president', 'Chubb', 'team', 'workers', 'employers', 'recruiting', 'services', 'solutions', 'September', 'PYMNTS', 'October', 'users', 'money', 'friends', 'family', 'employees', 'flexibility']",2025-01-08,2025-01-09,pymnts.com
48066,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/01/08/3005953/0/en/Transparency-notification-by-Mr-Jan-Van-Geet.html,Transparency notification by Mr Jan Van Geet,Press ReleaseRegulated InformationAntwerp  8 January 2024 – 07:00 a.m. CET  Disclosure in accordance with the Law of 2 May 2007 - Transparency law ......,Press ReleaseRegulated InformationAntwerp  8 January 2024 – 07:00 a.m. CETDisclosure in accordance with the Law of 2 May 2007 - Transparency lawTransparency notification by Mr Jan Van GeetVGP NV has received a transparency notification dated 7 January 2025 that (i) Little Rock S.à r.l. now holds 37.85% of the voting rights of VGP NV  and (ii) Tomanvi SCA now holds 2.94% of the voting rights of VGP NV and that therefore together  Jan Van Geet  Little Rock S.à.r.l. and Tomanvi SCA now hold 40.79% of the voting rights of VGP NV. Therefore  their voting rights have crossed the threshold of 40%.The notification dated 7 January 2025 contains the following information:Reason for notification:Passive threshold crossing.Notification by:A parent undertaking or a controlling person.Persons subject to the notification requirement:Jan Van GeetLittle Rock S.à.r.l.  25 Boulevard Prince Henri  L-1724 Luxembourg  Luxemburg Tomanvi SCA  25 Boulevard Prince Henri  L-1724 Luxembourg  LuxemburgDate on which the threshold is crossed:30 November 2024.Threshold that is crossed:40%.Denominator:42 765 308Notified details:Previous notification After the transaction Number of voting rights Number of voting rights % of voting rights Jan Van Geet - - - Little Rock S.à r.l. 14 566 303 16 184 780 37.85% Tomanvi SCA 1 113 919 1 259 428 2.94% Total 15 680 222 17 444 208 40.79%Chain of controlled undertakings through which the holding is effectively held:Little Rock S.à.r.l. (formerly Little Rock SA and before that JVG Invest SA) and Tomanvi SCA are exclusively controlled by Mr Jan Van Geet.ABOUT VGPVGP is a pan-European owner  manager and developer of high-quality logistics and semi-industrial properties as well as a provider of renewable energy solutions. VGP has a fully integrated business model with extensive expertise and many years of experience along the entire value chain. VGP was founded in 1998 as a family-owned Belgian property developer in the Czech Republic and today operates with a staff of circa 372 FTEs in 17 European countries directly and through several 50:50 joint ventures. As of June 2024  the Gross Asset Value of VGP  including the joint ventures at 100%  amounted to € 7.4 billion and the company had a Net Asset Value (EPRA NTA) of € 2.3 billion. VGP is listed on Euronext Brussels (ISIN: BE0003878957).For more information  please visit: https://www.vgpparks.eu For more information  please visit: https://www.vgpparks.eu/en/Attachment,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,True,English,"['Mr Jan Van Geet', 'Transparency notification', 'Little Rock S.à r.l.', 'Little Rock S.à.r.l.', 'family-owned Belgian property developer', 'Mr Jan Van Geet', 'Press Release Regulated Information', 'Little Rock SA', '25 Boulevard Prince Henri', 'JVG Invest SA', 'renewable energy solutions', 'integrated business model', 'Gross Asset Value', 'Net Asset Value', 'entire value chain', 'several 50:50 joint ventures', 'Passive threshold crossing', 'Luxemburg Tomanvi SCA', 'CET Disclosure', 'voting rights', 'following information', 'parent undertaking', 'controlling person', 'Notified details', 'controlled undertakings', 'pan-European owner', 'high-quality logistics', 'semi-industrial properties', 'extensive expertise', 'many years', 'Czech Republic', '17 European countries', 'EPRA NTA', 'Euronext Brussels', 'Transparency notification', 'notification requirement', 'Previous notification', 'Transparency law', 'L-1724 Luxembourg', 'VGP NV', 'Antwerp', '8 January', '07:00 a', 'accordance', '2 May', 'Reason', 'Persons', 'Date', 'Denominator', 'transaction', 'Number', 'holding', 'manager', 'provider', 'experience', 'staff', 'circa', '372 FTEs', 'June', 'company', 'ISIN', 'vgpparks', 'Attachment']",2025-01-08,2025-01-09,globenewswire.com
48067,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.investing.com/news/press-releases/tarketts-new-preserved-treasures-carpet-collection-designed-for-performance-elegance-and-everything-you-hold-dear-93CH-3803746,Tarkett's new Preserved Treasures carpet collection designed for performance  elegance and everything you hold dear By Investing.com,Tarkett's new Preserved Treasures carpet collection designed for performance  elegance and everything you hold dear,"SOLON  Ohio   Jan. 8  2025 /PRNewswire/ -- Global flooring manufacturer Tarkett (EPA: ) has unveiled a new carpet collection  Preserved Treasures™. Designed with life-plan communities in mind  the collection offers an elevated design aesthetic that will continue delighting and performing for decades.Preserved Treasures delivers elegance  endurance  comfort and performance”all made with healthy materials.""Beautiful  durable and easy to maintain  the Preserved Treasures collection delivers everything you want in flooring: elegance  endurance  comfort and performance”all made with healthy materials "" said Paul Young   senior vice president  market segments  product  innovation  design & sustainability  Tarkett Commercial.The collection features eight unique patterns that evoke cherished memories  including four on carpet tile”Sacred Symbols  Worldly Essence  Sentimental Motif and Shifted Transition”and four on Powerbond ® hybrid carpet”Shared Ritual  Time Abstraction  Nostalgic Blend and Familiar Reflection.Preserved Treasures is equally vibrant and beautiful on both carpet tiles and Powerbond  meaning facility operators no longer have to choose between performance and design aesthetics for carpet flooring. For styles on Powerbond RS hybrid carpet  the world's first soft-surface flooring CERTIFIED asthma & allergy friendly ®  the collection helps foster good indoor air quality for those with asthma  allergies or other respiratory concerns. Powerbond also features a welded wall-to-wall moisture barrier  making it ideal for spaces with pets and service or emotional support animals.The carpet tile patterns are constructed on Tarkett's ethos ® Modular with Omnicoat Technology. Engineered for high-traffic environments  non-PVC ethos carpet tile is a sustainable solution made with up to 79% recycled content  is Cradle to Cradle Certified ® Silver  and the backing can be recycled back into itself. Its specialized barrier keeps soil and moisture at the surface for easy cleaning and maintenance.The entire collection is free of ortho-phthalates and can be responsibly recycled through Tarkett's ReStart ® take-back and recycling program.To learn more and view the full collection  visit commercial.tarkett.com/preserved-treasures.About TarkettWith a 140-year history  Tarkett is a worldwide leader in innovative and durable flooring and sports surface solutions  generating net sales of 3.4 billion euros in 2023. The Group has around 12 000 employees  23 R&D centres  8 recycling centres  and 34 production sites. Tarkett designs and manufactures solutions for hospitals  schools  housing  hotels  offices  shops  and sports fields  serving customers in more than 100 countries. To build ""The Way to Better Floors""  the Group is committed to the circular economy and sustainable development  in line with its Tarkett Human-Conscious Design ® approach. Tarkett is listed on the Euronext-regulated market (compartment B  ISIN: FR0004188670  ticker: TKTT). www.tarkett-group.comEvery Step MattersFor years  Tarkett has raised the sustainability standards of the flooring industry. The company designs floors with transparency you can trust as it creates healthy impacts on indoor spaces and protects our air  water  soil  and every living thing. Tarkett's ReStart ® take-back and recycling program will either repurpose or recycle every type of flooring from any manufacturer. Its near-term science-based carbon emissions reduction targets have been validated by the Science Based Targets initiative (SBTi) and are fully aligned with the Paris Climate Agreement objective to limit global warming by 1.5 degrees Celsius. For more information  visit commercial.tarkett.com/sustainability.",neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,positive,0.71,0.29,0.0,True,English,"['new Preserved Treasures carpet collection', 'Tarkett', 'performance', 'elegance', 'everything', 'Investing', 'near-term science-based carbon emissions reduction targets', 'Science Based Targets initiative', 'Paris Climate Agreement objective', 'good indoor air quality', 'Powerbond RS hybrid carpet', 'PVC ethos carpet tile', 'Tarkett Human-Conscious Design ® approach', 'Global flooring manufacturer Tarkett', 'senior vice president', 'eight unique patterns', 'other respiratory concerns', 'emotional support animals', 'carpet tile patterns', 'Powerbond ® hybrid carpet', 'elevated design aesthetic', '23 R&D centres', 'first soft-surface flooring', 'new carpet collection', 'sports surface solutions', 'Preserved Treasures collection', 'carpet flooring', 'global warming', 'carpet tiles', 'Preserved Treasures™', 'design aesthetics', '8 recycling centres', 'sports fields', 'indoor spaces', 'durable flooring', 'flooring industry', 'life-plan communities', 'healthy materials', 'Paul Young', 'market segments', 'cherished memories', 'Sacred Symbols', 'Worldly Essence', 'Sentimental Motif', 'Shifted Transition', 'Shared Ritual', 'Time Abstraction', 'Nostalgic Blend', 'Familiar Reflection', 'facility operators', 'allergy friendly', 'Omnicoat Technology', 'high-traffic environments', 'sustainable solution', '79% recycled content', 'specialized barrier', 'easy cleaning', 'recycling program', '140-year history', 'worldwide leader', 'net sales', '3.4 billion euros', '34 production sites', 'The Way', 'sustainable development', 'Euronext-regulated market', 'compartment B', 'healthy impacts', 'living thing', '1.5 degrees Celsius', 'entire collection', 'full collection', 'Tarkett Commercial', 'CERTIFIED asthma', 'moisture barrier', 'The Group', 'Better Floors', 'ReStart ® take-back', 'sustainability standards', 'SOLON', 'Ohio', 'Jan.', 'PRNewswire', 'EPA', 'mind', 'decades', 'elegance', 'endurance', 'comfort', 'performance', 'everything', 'innovation', 'styles', 'allergies', 'wall', 'pets', 'service', 'Cradle', 'Silver', 'backing', 'soil', 'maintenance', 'ortho-phthalates', 'preserved-treasures', 'innovative', '12,000 employees', 'hospitals', 'schools', 'housing', 'hotels', 'offices', 'shops', 'customers', '100 countries', 'circular', 'economy', 'line', 'ISIN', 'ticker', 'TKTT', 'tarkett-group', 'Step', 'years', 'company', 'transparency', 'water', 'type', 'SBTi', 'information']",2025-01-08,2025-01-09,investing.com
48068,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.etfdailynews.com/2025/01/08/bank-of-new-hampshire-has-368000-holdings-in-invesco-sp-500-equal-weight-etf-nysearcarsp/,Bank of New Hampshire Has $368 000 Holdings in Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF (NYSEARCA:RSP),Bank of New Hampshire increased its holdings in shares of Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF (NYSEARCA:RSP – Free Report) by 4.0% during the fourth quarter  Holdings Channel.com reports. The fund owned 2 100 shares of the company’s stock after purchasing an add…,Bank of New Hampshire increased its holdings in shares of Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF (NYSEARCA:RSP – Free Report) by 4.0% during the fourth quarter  Holdings Channel.com reports. The fund owned 2 100 shares of the company’s stock after purchasing an additional 81 shares during the quarter. Bank of New Hampshire’s holdings in Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF were worth $368 000 as of its most recent filing with the SEC.A number of other institutional investors and hedge funds have also recently made changes to their positions in the business. Riversedge Advisors LLC lifted its position in Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF by 6.7% during the third quarter. Riversedge Advisors LLC now owns 125 426 shares of the company’s stock worth $22 471 000 after purchasing an additional 7 883 shares during the period. Blue Trust Inc. boosted its position in shares of Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF by 39.6% during the 3rd quarter. Blue Trust Inc. now owns 610 shares of the company’s stock worth $100 000 after acquiring an additional 173 shares in the last quarter. Brown Brothers Harriman & Co. raised its position in Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF by 17.5% during the second quarter. Brown Brothers Harriman & Co. now owns 40 260 shares of the company’s stock valued at $6 614 000 after purchasing an additional 6 001 shares in the last quarter. Brightwater Advisory LLC acquired a new position in Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF during the second quarter valued at approximately $3 227 000. Finally  Montis Financial LLC lifted its stake in Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF by 61.3% during the third quarter. Montis Financial LLC now owns 55 774 shares of the company’s stock worth $9 992 000 after purchasing an additional 21 202 shares during the last quarter.Get Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF alerts:Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF Stock PerformanceShares of RSP stock opened at $175.61 on Wednesday. Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF has a fifty-two week low of $153.10 and a fifty-two week high of $188.16. The company has a market cap of $58.82 billion  a PE ratio of 20.44 and a beta of 0.90. The stock’s fifty day moving average price is $181.01 and its two-hundred day moving average price is $175.42.About Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETFGuggenheim S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF  formerly Rydex S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF  seeks to replicate as closely as possible  the daily performance of the S&P 500 Equal Weight Index (the Index). The Index is a capitalization-weighted index covering 500 industrial  utility  transportation and financial companies of the United States markets (mostly NYSE Euronext issues).Further ReadingWant to see what other hedge funds are holding RSP? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF (NYSEARCA:RSP – Free Report).Receive News & Ratings for Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.84,0.15,0.01,True,English,"['Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF', 'New Hampshire', 'Bank', '$368,000 Holdings', 'NYSEARCA', 'RSP', 'Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF alerts', 'Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF Stock Performance', 'Guggenheim S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF', 'Rydex S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF', 'S&P 500 Equal Weight Index', 'fifty day moving average price', 'two-hundred day moving average price', 'FREE daily email newsletter', 'other institutional investors', 'Riversedge Advisors LLC', 'Blue Trust Inc.', 'Brown Brothers Harriman', 'Brightwater Advisory LLC', 'United States markets', 'NYSE Euronext issues', 'concise daily summary', 'Montis Financial LLC', 'latest 13F filings', 'daily performance', 'other hedge funds', 'Holdings Channel.com', 'email address', 'Free Report', 'financial companies', 'The Index', 'capitalization-weighted index', 'New Hampshire', 'recent filing', 'fifty-two week', 'market cap', 'PE ratio', 'insider trades', 'latest news', 'related companies', 'MarketBeat.com', 'fourth quarter', 'third quarter', '3rd quarter', 'last quarter', 'second quarter', 'RSP stock', ""analysts' ratings"", 'additional 81 shares', 'additional 7,883 shares', 'additional 173 shares', 'additional 6,001 shares', 'additional 21,202 shares', 'new position', 'NYSEARCA:RSP', '2,100 shares', '125,426 shares', '610 shares', '40,260 shares', '55,774 shares', 'Bank', 'company', 'number', 'changes', 'positions', 'business', 'period', 'Co.', 'stake', 'Wednesday', 'beta', 'transportation', 'Reading', 'HoldingsChannel', '4.0']",2025-01-08,2025-01-09,etfdailynews.com
48069,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/01/08/3005961/0/en/Vallourec-Achieves-Net-Debt-Zero-Objective-One-Year-Ahead-of-Plan.html,Vallourec Achieves Net Debt Zero Objective One Year Ahead of Plan,VALLOUREC ACHIEVES NET DEBT ZERO OBJECTIVE ONE YEAR AHEAD OF PLAN   Meudon (France)  January 8  2025 – Vallourec  a world leader in premium seamless......,VALLOUREC ACHIEVES NET DEBT ZERO OBJECTIVE ONE YEAR AHEAD OF PLANMeudon (France)  January 8  2025 – Vallourec  a world leader in premium seamless tubular solutions  announces today that it has achieved its target of reaching zero net debt one year ahead of plan. Based upon preliminary closing estimates1  Vallourec has reduced its net debt by slightly more than €240 million in the fourth quarter of 2024. This marks Vallourec’s ninth straight quarter of deleveraging.Full year 2024 EBITDA is expected to be within Vallourec’s €800 – 850 million guidance range  as presented in Vallourec’s Third Quarter and Nine Months 2024 Results press release. Fourth quarter cash flows were aided by the receipt of €155 million in proceeds from the sale of the substantial majority of its Rath facility and lower capital expenditures and working capital needs versus its prior outlook2. Vallourec confirms that 80 to 100% of cash flows generated in the second half of 2024 will be eligible for return to shareholders.Vallourec will report its fourth quarter and full year 2024 results on February 27th  2025.Philippe Guillemot  Chairman of the Board of Directors  and Chief Executive Officer commented: “I am extremely pleased that we have achieved our net debt zero objective a full year ahead of our initial plan. Since the third quarter of 2022  we have reduced our net debt by over €1.5 billion  completely reshaped our debt and liquidity facilities  and exited the restructuring safeguard plan. With this major balance sheet transformation  our significant and ongoing operational improvements including the optimization of our industrial footprint  and our high value-added products and services strategy  our objective of making Vallourec crisis-proof is now complete. We are now ready to deliver on our goal of returning capital to shareholders by paying our first dividend in a decade in 20253.”About VallourecVallourec is a world leader in premium tubular solutions for the energy markets and for demanding industrial applications such as oil & gas wells in harsh environments  new generation power plants  challenging architectural projects  and high-performance mechanical equipment. Vallourec’s pioneering spirit and cutting-edge R&D open new technological frontiers. With close to 14 000 dedicated and passionate employees in more than 20 countries  Vallourec works hand-in-hand with its customers to offer more than just tubes: Vallourec delivers innovative  safe  competitive and smart tubular solutions  to make every project possible.Listed on Euronext in Paris (ISIN code: FR0013506730  Ticker VK)  Vallourec is part of the CAC Mid 60  SBF 120 and Next 150 indices and is eligible for Deferred Settlement Service.In the United States  Vallourec has established a sponsored Level 1 American Depositary Receipt (ADR) program (ISIN code: US92023R4074  Ticker: VLOWY). Parity between ADR and a Vallourec ordinary share has been set at 5:1.For further information  please contact:Investor relations:Connor LynaghTel: +1 (713) 409-7842connor.lynagh@vallourec.comIndividual shareholders:Toll Free number (From France): 0 805 65 10 10actionnaires@vallourec.comPress relations: TaddeoRomain GrièreTel: +33 (0)7 86 53 17 29romain.griere@taddeo.frNicolas EscoulanTel: +33 (0)6 42 19 14 74nicolas.escoulan@taddeo.fr1 The figures included herein have not yet been audited.2 The previously announced sale of the Logistics Group (Indonesia) is now expected to close in 2025 following necessary approvals  and therefore did not contribute to fourth quarter total cash generation.3 Vallourec’s shareholder return policy would in any event be conditional upon the Board’s decision taking into account Vallourec’s results  its financial position including the net leverage target and the potential restrictions applicable to the payment of dividends. Dividends would also be subject to shareholders’ approval.Attachment,neutral,0.0,0.97,0.03,mixed,0.23,0.27,0.5,True,English,"['Net Debt Zero Objective', 'Vallourec', 'Plan', 'Level 1 American Depositary Receipt (ADR) program', 'Nine Months 2024 Results press release', 'ZERO OBJECTIVE ONE YEAR AHEAD', 'fourth quarter total cash generation', 'major balance sheet transformation', 'new generation power plants', 'premium seamless tubular solutions', 'Fourth quarter cash flows', 'net debt zero objective', 'premium tubular solutions', 'smart tubular solutions', 'Full year 2024 EBITDA', 'full year 2024 results', 'new technological frontiers', 'preliminary closing estimates', '€800 – 850 million guidance range', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'ongoing operational improvements', 'high value-added products', 'high-performance mechanical equipment', 'cutting-edge R&D', 'innovative, safe, competitive', 'Deferred Settlement Service', 'Toll Free number', 'zero net debt', 'ninth straight quarter', 'demanding industrial applications', 'lower capital expenditures', 'working capital needs', 'Romain Grière', 'shareholder return policy', 'restructuring safeguard plan', 'net leverage target', 'Vallourec ordinary share', 'Press relations', 'Third Quarter', 'industrial footprint', 'world leader', 'substantial majority', 'Rath facility', 'prior outlook', 'second half', 'February 27th', 'Philippe Guillemot', 'liquidity facilities', 'services strategy', 'first dividend', 'energy markets', 'gas wells', 'harsh environments', 'architectural projects', 'pioneering spirit', 'passionate employees', 'ISIN code', 'CAC Mid 60', 'Next 150 indices', 'United States', 'Investor relations', 'Logistics Group', 'necessary approvals', 'financial position', 'potential restrictions', 'initial plan', 'Ticker VK', 'Individual shareholders', 'shareholders’ approval', 'VALLOUREC ACHIEVES', 'Connor Lynagh', 'Nicolas Escoulan', 'Vallourec Vallourec', '3 Vallourec', 'Meudon', 'France', 'deleveraging', 'proceeds', 'sale', 'Chairman', 'Board', 'Directors', 'significant', 'optimization', 'goal', 'decade', 'oil', 'challenging', 'close', '14,000 dedicated', '20 countries', 'hand', 'customers', 'tubes', 'Euronext', 'Paris', 'part', 'SBF', 'VLOWY', 'Parity', 'information', 'Tel', 'Taddeo', 'griere', 'figures', 'Indonesia', 'event', 'decision', 'account', 'payment', 'dividends', 'Attachment']",2025-01-08,2025-01-09,globenewswire.com
48070,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.finextra.com/pressarticle/103767/dailypay-names-former-uber-cfo-nelson-chai--executive-chair,DailyPay names former Uber CFO Nelson Chai executive chair,DailyPay  a leading worktech platform powering daily opportunities for workers and their employers  today named Nelson Chai as Executive Chair of DailyPay.,DailyPay  a leading worktech platform powering daily opportunities for workers and their employers  today named Nelson Chai as Executive Chair of DailyPay.0This content is provided by an external author without editing by Finextra. It expresses the views and opinions of the author.An accomplished executive  Mr. Chai will lead DailyPay’s Board of Directors and provide strategic guidance to the organization. Mr. Chai brings a wealth of experience from leading roles at prominent companies  including most recently as the Chief Financial Officer at Uber from 2018 to 2023.“It’s with great pleasure to have Nelson Chai join DailyPay as Executive Chair ” said Stacy Greiner  Chief Executive Officer  DailyPay. “Over his extensive senior leadership across globally recognized companies  Nelson has executed many successful growth strategies and we look forward to having his valuable experience and insights at DailyPay.”Mr. Chai is a long-tenured executive with over 30 years of experience in leadership roles at notable public companies. Most recently serving as CFO of Uber  he spearheaded the company's journey to profitability and a successful IPO. Prior to Uber  he held prominent positions such as CEO of Warranty Group  President of CIT Group  and CFO of Merrill Lynch  NYSE Euronext  and Archipelago Holdings. He currently serves on the boards of Chubb and Thermo Fisher Scientific and holds a B.A. from the University of Pennsylvania and MBA from Harvard Business School.“DailyPay is an industry leader. The team has built an incredible mission-driven company empowering workers and helping them achieve personal work and financial goals ” said Nelson Chai  Executive Chair of DailyPay. “Impressively  and at the same time  DailyPay is helping employers gain a competitive advantage in recruiting  retaining and increasing worker productivity. DailyPay is a profitable platform and I look forward to supporting their continued growth and success.”Mr. Chai’s appointment as Executive Chair comes on the heels of the most successful year in company history under Stacy Greiner's leadership. Driven by its mission to power daily opportunities for workers everywhere to live a better financial life  DailyPay differentiates itself from other competitors with its rapid scale  growth  and profitability. Recently  DailyPay expanded its reach through multiple product and market expansions while continuing to innovate its award-winning worktech platform with a number of key new features to support millions of daily workers on their financial wellness journey.Research commissioned by DailyPay shows that employees with access to DailyPay’s worktech platform stay longer on the job with 55% taking extra shifts.DailyPay was recently named to the Deloitte Technology Fast 500™ for being one of the fastest-growing technology  media  telecommunications  life sciences  fintech  and energy tech companies in North America.,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,positive,0.73,0.27,0.0,True,English,"['former Uber CFO Nelson Chai executive chair', 'DailyPay', 'many successful growth strategies', 'Thermo Fisher Scientific', 'Harvard Business School', 'key new features', 'Chief Financial Officer', 'notable public companies', 'energy tech companies', 'award-winning worktech platform', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'extensive senior leadership', 'incredible mission-driven company', 'leading worktech platform', 'financial wellness journey', 'successful IPO', 'successful year', 'leading roles', 'financial goals', 'profitable platform', 'financial life', 'continued growth', 'prominent companies', 'daily opportunities', 'Executive Chair', 'accomplished executive', 'Mr. Chai', 'strategic guidance', 'great pleasure', 'Stacy Greiner', 'leadership roles', 'prominent positions', 'Warranty Group', 'CIT Group', 'Merrill Lynch', 'NYSE Euronext', 'Archipelago Holdings', 'B.A.', 'industry leader', 'personal work', 'same time', 'competitive advantage', 'worker productivity', 'company history', 'other competitors', 'rapid scale', 'multiple product', 'market expansions', 'extra shifts', 'Deloitte Technology', 'growing technology', 'life sciences', 'North America', 'Nelson Chai', 'external author', 'valuable experience', 'daily workers', 'DailyPay', 'employers', 'content', 'editing', 'Finextra', 'views', 'opinions', 'Board', 'Directors', 'organization', 'wealth', 'Uber', 'globally', 'insights', '30 years', 'CFO', 'profitability', 'CEO', 'President', 'Chubb', 'University', 'Pennsylvania', 'MBA', 'team', 'recruiting', 'appointment', 'heels', 'reach', 'number', 'millions', 'Research', 'employees', 'access', 'job', 'media', 'telecommunications', 'fintech']",2025-01-08,2025-01-09,finextra.com
48071,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/01/08/3005962/0/en/Galapagos-to-Unlock-Shareholder-Value-by-Declaring-its-Intent-to-Separate-into-Two-Publicly-Traded-Entities.html,Galapagos to Unlock Shareholder Value by Declaring its Intent to Separate into Two Publicly Traded Entities,Galapagos intends to create a new company with approximately €2.45 billion in cash dedicated to building a pipeline of innovative medicines through transformational transactions,Galapagos intends to create a new company with approximately €2.45 billion in cash dedicated to building a pipeline of innovative medicines through transformational transactionsGalapagos will gain full global development and commercialization rights to its pipeline  focusing on accelerating cell therapies and building a global  decentralized manufacturing networkGalapagos to implement a strategic reorganization to position the Company for long-term growth and cell therapy leadership in oncologyManagement to host conference call today at 14:00 CET / 8:00 am ETMECHELEN  Belgium – January 8  2025 – 07:30 CET; regulated information – inside information – Galapagos NV (Euronext & NASDAQ: GLPG) (“Galapagos” or the “Company”)  today announced a planned separation into two entities: a newly to be formed company (to be named at a later date  herein “SpinCo”)  which would focus on building a pipeline of innovative medicines through transformational transactions  and Galapagos  which would continue to advance its global cell therapy leadership in addressing high unmet medical needs in oncology. SpinCo will apply to have its shares listed on Euronext  with all Galapagos shareholders to receive shares of SpinCo on a pro rata basis based on their shares of Galapagos owned as of a record date to be established.As part of the planned separation  Galapagos and Gilead Sciences  Inc. (“Gilead”) have agreed to amend their 10-year global Option  License and Collaboration Agreement (“ OLCA ”) entered into in 2019  whereby Galapagos will gain full global development and commercialization rights to its pipeline  subject to payment of single digit royalties to Gilead on net sales of certain products.“In the last two years  Galapagos has undergone significant changes to accelerate innovation and bring life-changing medicines to patients in need. Today’s news is a critical step in unlocking shareholder value by creating two entities  one focused on deploying significant capital to build a new company and Galapagos focusing on independently realizing the full potential of its cell therapy platform in oncology  addressing high unmet needs worldwide ” said Paul Stoffels1  MD  CEO and Chair of the Board of Directors at Galapagos. “Gaining full global development and commercialization rights from Gilead to our robust discovery and development pipeline supports our commitment to executing our strategy for accelerated growth and value creation.”“SpinCo  together with Gilead as a collaboration partner  will have significant cash to pursue strategic business development opportunities to help bring innovative therapies to patients all over the world facing unmet medical needs ” Dr. Stoffels added.SpinCo: Building a Pipeline of Innovative Medicines Through TransactionsIn the proposed separation  SpinCo will be capitalized with approximately €2.45 billion of Galapagos’ current cash. It will be focused on building a pipeline of innovative medicines with robust clinical proof-of-concept in oncology  immunology  and/or virology through strategic business development transactions. SpinCo will have a seasoned leadership team and Board of Directors with a proven track record of biotechnology company-building and strategic transaction experience to manage and oversee SpinCo independently.Galapagos and Gilead have agreed that following the separation  the OLCA will only apply to SpinCo and not Galapagos. For future SpinCo business development transactions  Gilead commits to good faith negotiations with SpinCo to amend the OLCA to achieve positive value for all of SpinCo’s shareholders.SpinCo will apply to have its shares listed on Euronext. All Galapagos shareholders will receive shares of SpinCo on a pro rata basis based on their shares of Galapagos owned as of a record date to be established  following the approval by Galapagos shareholders of the partial demerger of SpinCo from Galapagos pursuant to Belgian law by an Extraordinary General Shareholders' Meeting of Galapagos (“EGM”).Accordingly  at the time of separation  Gilead will hold approximately 25% of the outstanding shares in both Galapagos and SpinCo and a lock-up will apply to the shares of Gilead in Galapagos until 31 March 2027 and in SpinCo until six months following the separation  in each case subject to certain customary exceptions and early termination provisions. Gilead will be entitled to nominate two Directors of SpinCo  and the SpinCo Board will be comprised of a majority of independent Directors. The two Gilead Directors currently serving on the Galapagos Board of Directors will step down upon the separation.“The proposed separation will allow Galapagos to focus on continued innovation and fully explore its cell therapy programs  while also providing the resources and agility for SpinCo to pursue partnerships with emerging biotechnology companies across therapeutic areas of interest ” said Andrew Dickinson  Chief Financial Officer  Gilead Sciences and Non-Executive Non-Independent Member  Galapagos’ Board of Directors. “Gilead fully supports the separation and believes it creates additional value for all of Galapagos’ shareholders and for SpinCo to explore opportunities in emerging therapies and in areas of high unmet need.”Galapagos: Executing a Focused Cell Therapy Vision in OncologyGalapagos will focus on unlocking the broad-reaching potential of its decentralized cell therapy manufacturing platform in oncology and will continue to advance its cell therapy pipeline. Galapagos’ lead CAR-T candidate  GLPG5101  has demonstrated an encouraging efficacy and safety profile in patients with relapsed/refractory non-Hodgkin lymphoma (R/R NHL)  supporting the feasibility of Galapagos’ innovative decentralized cell therapy manufacturing platform in delivering fresh  fit cells with a vein-to-vein time of seven days.To advance its goal of becoming a global leader in cell therapy in oncology  Galapagos plans to discontinue its small molecule discovery programs and seek potential partners to take over its small molecules’ assets  including the TYK2 inhibitor  GLPG3667  currently in Phase 2 for systemic lupus erythematosus  dermatomyositis  and other potential auto-immune indications.Galapagos intends to reorganize its business to focus on long-term value creation in cell therapy in oncology. This is anticipated to lead to a reduction of approximately 300 positions across the organization in Europe  representing 40% of the Company’s employees. This reorganization would result in meaningful reductions in staff in Belgium and the site in France is expected to close. Galapagos would continue to operate from its main hubs in Princeton and Pittsburgh in the United States  and from Leiden  Netherlands  and Mechelen  Belgium.Following the planned reorganization  Galapagos expects its normalized annual cash burn to be between €175 million and €225 million  excluding restructuring costs. Upon separation  Galapagos expects to have approximately €500 million in cash.“The planned reorganization is a difficult but necessary step  but one that will position Galapagos for sustainable growth and value creation and for future success in its renewed focus on cell therapies. We are grateful to our departing employees for their significant contributions and their dedication to making a difference in the lives of patients ” concluded Dr. Stoffels.“The proposed separation aims to help investors more easily assess the merits  and future prospects of the two distinct businesses  allowing them to invest in each company based on their own strategy and a clearer understanding of each business’ unique characteristics and value propositions ” said Thad Huston  CFO and COO of Galapagos.”Process and timingThe procedure for related party transactions under Belgian law was applied in connection with the proposed spin-off of SpinCo and the transactions associated therewith. More information can be found in the legal announcement attached to this press release.The completion of the spin-off of SpinCo is subject to the satisfaction of customary conditions  including concluding consultations with works councils in the Netherlands  Belgium  and France  and receipt of approval from Galapagos shareholders. The separation is expected to occur by mid-2025.Goldman Sachs International acted as financial advisor to Galapagos in review of its strategic alternatives associated with this transaction. Lazard acted as independent financial advisor to Galapagos  in particular to Galapagos’ independent Directors. Baker McKenzie acted as the legal advisor of Galapagos. Allen Overy Shearman Sterling acted as the legal advisor of the independent Directors. TD Cowen and J.P. Morgan Securities LLC acted as financial advisors to Gilead.Conference call and webcast presentationWe will host a conference call and webcast presentation today at 14:00 CET / 8:00 am ET. To participate in the conference call  please register in advance using this link . Dial-in numbers will be provided upon registration. The conference call can be accessed 10 minutes prior to the start of the call by using the conference access information provided in the email received after registration  or by selecting the “call me” feature. The live webcast is available on www.glpg.com or via the following link . The archived webcast will be available for replay shortly after the close of the call on the investor section of the website.About GalapagosWe are a biotechnology company with operations in Europe and the U.S. dedicated to transforming patient outcomes through life-changing science and innovation for more years of life and quality of life. Focusing on high unmet medical needs  we synergize compelling science  technology  and collaborative approaches to create a deep pipeline of best-in-class medicines. With capabilities from lab to patient  including a decentralized cell therapy manufacturing platform  we are committed to challenging the status quo and delivering results for our patients  employees  and shareholders. Our goal is not just to meet current medical needs but to anticipate and shape the future of healthcare  ensuring that our innovations reach those who need them most. For additional information  please visit www.glpg.com or follow us on LinkedIn or X .This press release contains inside information within the meaning of Regulation (EU) No 596/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 16 April 2014 on market abuse (market abuse regulation).For further information  please contact:Media inquiries:Srikant Ramaswami+1 412 699 0359Marieke Vermeersch+32 479 490 603media@glpg.com Investor inquiries:Srikant Ramaswami+1 412 699 0359Sandra Cauwenberghs+32 495 58 46 63ir@glpg.comForward looking statements and other disclaimersThis press release includes forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995  as amended. These statements are often  but are not always  made through the use of words or phrases such as “anticipate ” “expect ” “plan ” “estimate ” “will ” “continue ” “aim ” “intend ” “future ” “potential ” “could ” “indicate ” “forward ” “may ” as well as similar expressions. Forward-looking statements contained in this press release include  but are not limited to  statements regarding the intended separation of Galapagos into two public companies  the corporate reorganization and related transactions  including the expected timeline of such transactions  anticipated changes to the management and Board of Directors of each of Galapagos and SpinCo  the anticipated benefits and synergies of such transactions; the receipt of regulatory and shareholder approvals for such transactions; and the anticipated cash burn and cash runway of Galapagos following such transactions; statements related to Galapagos’ plans and expectations regarding its collaboration with Gilead; statements related to Galapagos’ plans  expectations and strategy with respect to its product candidates and partnered programs  including GLPG5101 and uza-cel  and the potential benefits thereof. Forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks  uncertainties and other factors which might cause Galapagos’ actual results to be materially different from those expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. These risks  uncertainties and other factors include  without limitation  the risks associated with the anticipated transactions  including the risk that regulatory and shareholder approvals required in connection with the transactions will not be received or obtained within the expected time frame or at all  the risk that the transactions and/or the necessary conditions to consummate the transactions will not be satisfied on a timely basis or at all  uncertainties regarding our ability to successfully separate Galapagos into two companies and realize the anticipated benefits from the separation within the expected time frame or at all  the two separate companies’ ability to succeed as stand-alone  publicly traded companies  the risk that costs of restructuring transactions and other costs incurred in connection with the transactions will exceed our estimates  the impact of the transactions on our businesses and the risk that the transactions may be more difficult  time consuming or costly than expected; risks associated with Galapagos’ product candidates and partnered programs  including GLPG5101 and uza-cel  including the risk that preliminary or interim clinical results may not be replicated in ongoing or subsequent clinical trials  the risk that ongoing and future clinical studies with Galapagos’ product candidates may not be completed in the currently envisaged timelines or at all; the inherent uncertainties associated with competitive developments  clinical trial and product development activities and regulatory approval requirements (including that data from the ongoing and planned clinical research programs may not support registration or further development of GLPG5101 due to safety  efficacy or other reasons)  Galapagos’ reliance on collaborations with third parties (including its collaboration partners Lonza and Adaptimmune)  and that Galapagos’ estimations regarding its GLPG5101 development programs and regarding the commercial potential of GLPG5101 may be incorrect; as well as those risks and uncertainties identified in Galapagos’ Annual Report on Form 20-F for the year ended 31 December 2023 filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”) and its subsequent filings with the SEC. All statements other than statements of historical fact are statements that could be deemed forward-looking statements. The forward-looking statements contained herein are based on management’s current expectations and beliefs and speak only as of the date hereof  and Galapagos makes no commitment to update or publicly release any revisions to forward-looking statements in order to reflect new information or subsequent events  circumstances or changes in expectations.Goldman Sachs International  which is authorized by the Prudential Regulation Authority and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority and the Prudential Regulation Authority in the United Kingdom  is acting exclusively for Galapagos and no one else in connection with the review of its strategic alternatives associated with this transaction and will not be responsible to anyone other than Galapagos for providing the protections afforded to clients of Goldman Sachs International nor for providing advice in connection with these matters or any other matters referred to in this press release.APPENDIX TO THE PRESS RELEASEAnnouncement in application of Article 7:97  §4/1 of the BCAC (regulated information – inside information)Today  the Board of Directors of Galapagos NV (“Galapagos” or the “Company”) has approved the planned separation of the Company into two entities: Galapagos  which would continue to advance its global cell therapy leadership in addressing high unmet medical needs  and a new company (“SpinCo”)  which would focus on building a pipeline of innovative medicines through transformational transactions (the “Transaction”).Prior to carrying out the Transaction  the Company will also carry out a restructuring of its existing business (that will remain with Galapagos)  with a view to reducing its cash burn  and focusing its activities on developing and commercializing innovative cell therapies for the treatment of cancer. In this context  Galapagos plans to discontinue its small molecules activities and seek partners to take over these small molecule assets.In order to carry out the Transaction  the Company has entered into various agreements with its reference shareholder  Gilead Sciences Inc. (“Gilead”)  which include (i) a separation agreement (the “Separation Agreement”) entered into by and among the Company  Gilead and Gilead Therapeutics A1 Unlimited Company  (ii) a Royalty Agreement (“Royalty Agreement”) entered into by and between the Company and Gilead  and (iii) a Transfer Agreement entered into by and between the Company and Gilead (the “Transfer Agreement”).In connection with the proposed Transaction  Gilead has also agreed to  pursuant to a waiver letter  waive its rights to the Company’s small molecules research and development activities and programs  in order to allow the Company to restructure its existing business (the “Small Molecules Waiver”) with immediate effect.Gilead (and Gilead Therapeutics A1 Unlimited Company)  the counterparty to these agreements  is a related party to the Company within the meaning of IAS 24. The transactions contemplated under these agreements are therefore subject to completion of the procedure provided for under Article 7:97 of the BCAC.Details of the TransactionThe Transaction would be carried out through a partial demerger of SpinCo from the Company  as set out under book 12 of the BCAC.The agreement to implement the Transaction is documented in:the Separation Agreement  which sets out the details of the contemplated separation and also includes a term sheet for a backstop loan facility  which will be available from SpinCo to Galapagos  as well as certain contractual restrictions (lock-up  standstill) of Gilead vis-à-vis Galapagos and SpinCo; the Royalty Agreement  under which Galapagos will gain full global development and commercialization rights to its pipeline  subject to payment of single digit royalties to Gilead on net sales of certain products. the Transfer Agreement  under which the Option  License and Collaboration Agreement currently entered into between the Company and Gilead is transferred to SpinCo  subject to certain amendments; and the Small Molecules Waiver  under which Gilead has waived its rights to all of the Company’s small molecules research and development activities and programs  which gives the Company the sole discretion to wind down  license  divest  partner  enter into any strategic transaction or investment transaction or take any other actions in respect of these programs.As a result of the Transaction  Galapagos will have approximately €500 million in cash and SpinCo will have approximately €2 450 million in cash at the time of the separation  which will enable it to carry out its activities.Conclusion of the Committee and assessment of the Company’s statutory auditorA committee of three independent members of Galapagos’ Board of Directors (the “Committee”) has reviewed the terms and conditions of the transaction documents and has issued a written  reasoned advice to the Board of Directors. The Committee was assisted by Lazard as an independent expert (the “Expert”) and Allen Overy Shearman Sterling. In its advice  the Committee concluded that: “In light of article 7:97 of the BCAC  the Committee has performed  with the assistance of the Expert  a thorough analysis of the Proposed Resolutions. This assessment included a detailed analysis of the Transaction embedded in these Proposed Resolutions  an analysis of the financial impact and other consequences thereof  an identification of the advantages and disadvantages to the Company  as well as an assessment how these fit in the Company’s strategy.Based on such assessment  the Committee believes that the Proposed Resolutions and the Transaction embedded therein are in the interest of the Company  given the balance between benefits and risks that the Transaction represents and the potential to alter the Company’s strategic status quo and accelerate value creation for all shareholders.”The Board of Directors has  in its decision-making  not deviated from the conclusion of the Committee. The Company’s statutory auditor has carried out its assessment in accordance with article 7:97  §4 of the BCAC  the conclusion of which provides as follows: “Based on our review  nothing has come to our attention that causes us to believe that the financial and accounting data reported in the advice of the Ad Hoc committee of the independent members of the board of directors dated on 7 January 2025 and in the minutes of the board of directors dated on 7 January 2025  which justify the proposed transaction  are not consistent  in all material respects  compared to the information we possess in the context of our mission. Our mission is solely executed for the purposes described in article 7:97 CCA and therefore our report may not be used for any other purpose.”1 Throughout this press release  ‘Dr. Paul Stoffels’ should be read as ‘Dr. Paul Stoffels  acting via Stoffels IMC BV’.Attachment,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.01,neutral,0.05,0.92,0.02,True,English,"['Two Publicly Traded Entities', 'Shareholder Value', 'Galapagos', 'Intent', 'future SpinCo business development transactions', 'global, decentralized manufacturing network', 'strategic business development opportunities', ""Extraordinary General Shareholders' Meeting"", 'strategic business development transactions', 'high unmet medical needs', 'global cell therapy leadership', 'high unmet needs', 'full global development', '10-year global Option', 'seasoned leadership team', 'cell therapy platform', 'strategic transaction experience', 'cell therapy programs', 'pro rata basis', 'single digit royalties', 'good faith negotiations', 'early termination provisions', 'Chief Financial Officer', 'Non-Executive Non-Independent Member', 'robust clinical proof', 'emerging biotechnology companies', 'last two years', 'proven track record', 'All Galapagos shareholders', 'Galapagos’ current cash', 'two Gilead Directors', 'strategic reorganization', 'cell therapies', 'transformational transactions', 'full potential', 'robust discovery', 'biotechnology company-building', 'two entities', 'innovative medicines', 'commercialization rights', 'long-term growth', 'conference call', 'record date', 'Collaboration Agreement', 'net sales', 'significant changes', 'life-changing medicines', 'critical step', 'shareholder value', 'significant capital', 'accelerated growth', 'value creation', 'collaboration partner', 'significant cash', 'innovative therapies', 'Dr. Stoffels', 'positive value', 'partial demerger', 'Belgian law', 'six months', 'customary exceptions', 'therapeutic areas', 'Andrew Dickinson', 'two Directors', 'independent Directors', 'regulated information', 'continued innovation', 'new company', 'Galapagos NV', 'Gilead Sciences', 'oncology Management', 'outstanding shares', 'Galapagos Board', 'Galapagos’ Board', 'SpinCo Board', 'pipeline', '14:00 CET', 'MECHELEN', 'Belgium', 'January', 'Euronext', 'NASDAQ', 'GLPG', 'separation', 'License', 'OLCA', 'payment', 'products', 'patients', 'news', 'MD', 'CEO', 'Chair', 'commitment', 'strategy', 'world', 'concept', 'immunology', 'virology', 'approval', 'EGM', 'time', 'lock-up', '31 March', 'case', 'majority', 'resources', 'agility', 'partnerships', 'interest', '8:00', '07:30']",2025-01-08,2025-01-09,globenewswire.com
48072,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/01/08/3006618/0/en/Weekly-share-repurchase-program-transaction-details.html,Weekly share repurchase program transaction details,Amsterdam  January 8  2025  SBM Offshore reports the transaction details related to its EUR130 million (c. US$140 million) share repurchase program for...,"Amsterdam  January 8  2025SBM Offshore reports the transaction details related to its EUR130 million (c. US$140 million) share repurchase program for the period January 2  2025 through January 8  2025.The repurchases were made under the EUR65 million share repurchase program announced on February 29  2024  effective from March 1  2024 and increased by EUR65 million as announced on August 8  2024. The objective of the program is to reduce share capital and  in addition  to provide shares for regular management and employee share programs. Information regarding the progress of the share repurchase program and the aggregate of the transactions (calculated on a daily basis) for the period March 1  2024 through January 8  2025 can be found in the top half of the table below. Further detailed information regarding both the progress of the share repurchase program and all individual transactions can be accessed via the Investors section of the Company’s website.Share Repurchase Program Overall progress Share Repurchase Program:Total Repurchase Amount EUR 130 000 000Cumulative Repurchase Amount EUR 95 308 694Cumulative Quantity Repurchased 6 091 959Cumulative Average Repurchase Price EUR 15.64Start Date March 1  2024Percentage of program completed as of January 8  2025 73.31%Overview of details of last 5 trading days:Trade Date Quantity Repurchased Average Purchase Price Settlement AmountJanuary 2  2025 27 000 EUR 17.22 EUR 464 846January 3  2025 27 200 EUR 17.17 EUR 466 912January 6  2025 18 104 EUR 17.18 EUR 310 969January 7  2025 20 720 EUR 17.36 EUR 359 685January 8  2025 27 409 EUR 17.27 EUR 473 416Total 120 433 EUR 17.24 EUR 2 075 8281All shares purchased via Euronext Amsterdam  CBOE DXE and or TurquoiseThis press release contains information which is to be made publicly available under the Market Abuse Regulation (nr. 596/2014). The information concerns a regular update of the transactions conducted under SBM Offshore’s current share repurchase program  as announced by the Company on February 29  2024 and August 8  2024  details of which are available on its website.Corporate ProfileSBM Offshore is the world’s deepwater ocean-infrastructure expert. Through the design  construction  installation  and operation of offshore floating facilities  we play a pivotal role in a just transition. By advancing our core  we deliver cleaner  more efficient energy production. By pioneering more  we unlock new markets within the blue economy.More than 7 400 SBMers collaborate worldwide to deliver innovative solutions as a responsible partner towards a sustainable future  balancing ocean protection with progress.For further information  please visit our website at www.sbmoffshore.com.Financial Calendar Date Year Extraordinary General MeetingJanuary 17 2025 Full Year 2024 EarningsFebruary 20 2025 Annual General MeetingApril 9 2025 First Quarter 2025 Trading UpdateMay 15 2025 Half Year 2025 EarningsAugust 7 2025 Third Quarter 2025 Trading UpdateNovember 13 2025For further information  please contact:Investor RelationsWouter HoltiesCorporate Finance & Investor Relations ManagerMobile: +31 (0) 2 02 36 32 36 E-mail: wouter.holties@sbmoffshore.com Website: www.sbmoffshore.comMedia RelationsGiampaolo ArghittuHead of External RelationsPhone: +31 (0)6 212 62 333 / +39 33 494 79 584 E-mail: giampaolo.arghittu@sbmoffshore.com Website: www.sbmoffshore.comMarket Abuse RegulationThis press release may contain inside information within the meaning of Article 7(1) of the EU Market Abuse Regulation.DisclaimerSome of the statements contained in this release that are not historical facts are statements of future expectations and other forward-looking statements based on management’s current views and assumptions and involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results  performance  or events to differ materially from those in such statements. These statements may be identified by words such as ‘expect’  ‘should’  ‘could’  ‘shall’ and similar expressions. Such forward-looking statements are subject to various risks and uncertainties. The principal risks which could affect the future operations of SBM Offshore N.V. are described in the ‘Impact  Risk and Opportunity Management’ section of the 2023 Annual Report.Should one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize  or should underlying assumptions prove incorrect  actual results and performance of the Company’s business may vary materially and adversely from the forward-looking statements described in this release. SBM Offshore does not intend and does not assume any obligation to update any industry information or forward-looking statements set forth in this release to reflect new information  subsequent events or otherwise.This release contains certain alternative performance measures (APMs) as defined by the ESMA guidelines which are not defined under IFRS. Further information on these APMs is included in the Half-Year Management Report accompanying the Half Year Earnings 2024 report  available on our website https://www.sbmoffshore.com/investors/financial-disclosures.Nothing in this release shall be deemed an offer to sell  or a solicitation of an offer to buy  any securities. The companies in which SBM Offshore N.V. directly and indirectly owns investments are separate legal entities. In this release “SBM Offshore” and “SBM” are sometimes used for convenience where references are made to SBM Offshore N.V. and its subsidiaries in general. These expressions are also used where no useful purpose is served by identifying the particular company or companies.""SBM Offshore®""  the SBM logomark  “Fast4Ward®”  “emissionZERO®” and “F4W®” are proprietary marks owned by SBM Offshore.Attachment",neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,negative,0.0,0.07,0.93,True,English,"['repurchase program transaction details', 'Weekly share', 'Average Purchase Price Settlement Amount', 'EUR65 million share repurchase program', 'Overall progress Share Repurchase Program', 'Cumulative Average Repurchase Price', 'First Quarter 2025 Trading Update', 'Third Quarter 2025 Trading Update', 'Trade Date Quantity Repurchased', 'Financial Calendar Date Year', 'EU Market Abuse Regulation', 'Investor Relations Manager Mobile', 'current share repurchase program', 'SBM Offshore N.V.', 'February 20 2025 Annual General Meeting', 'Cumulative Repurchase Amount', 'Cumulative Quantity Repurchased', 'Total Repurchase Amount', 'Extraordinary General Meeting', 'last 5 trading days', 'employee share programs', 'deepwater ocean-infrastructure expert', 'efficient energy production', 'offshore floating facilities', 'Opportunity Management’ section', 'Half-Year Management Report', 'alternative performance measures', 'other forward-looking statements', 'Such forward-looking statements', 'Half Year Earnings', '2023 Annual Report', 'share capital', 'Start Date', 'regular update', 'current views', 'Full Year', 'EUR130 million', 'Investors section', 'Media Relations', 'External Relations', 'top half', 'regular management', 'daily basis', 'CBOE DXE', 'Corporate Profile', 'pivotal role', 'new markets', 'blue economy', 'innovative solutions', 'responsible partner', 'sustainable future', 'ocean protection', 'Corporate Finance', 'historical facts', 'future expectations', 'actual results', 'similar expressions', 'future operations', 'ESMA guidelines', 'unknown risks', 'various risks', 'principal risks', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'underlying assumptions', 'subsequent events', 'detailed information', 'industry information', 'new information', 'transaction details', 'individual transactions', 'press release', 'Wouter Holties', 'Giampaolo Arghittu', 'Further information', '2024 Earnings', '2025 Earnings', 'January', 'period', 'repurchases', 'March', 'August', 'objective', 'addition', 'shares', 'aggregate', 'table', 'Company', 'website', 'Percentage', 'Overview', 'Turquoise', 'nr', 'world', 'design', 'construction', 'installation', 'transition', 'core', 'More', '7,400 SBMers', 'sbmoffshore', 'April', 'May', 'mail', 'Head', 'Phone', 'inside', 'meaning', 'Article', 'Disclaimer', 'uncertainties', 'words', 'business', 'obligation', 'APMs', 'IFRS']",2025-01-08,2025-01-09,globenewswire.com
48073,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.hospitalitynet.org/news/4125279.html,Accor unveils an outstanding line-up of new hotels  resorts and hospitality experiences debuting in 2025,Accor is stepping into 2025 with a powerful array of new hotels  resorts and exciting hospitality experiences  set to open throughout the year. Across its spectrum of 45+ hospitality brands  ranging from luxury to economy and everything in between  Accor is g…,Accor is stepping into 2025 with a powerful array of new hotels  resorts and exciting hospitality experiences  set to open throughout the year. Across its spectrum of 45+ hospitality brands  ranging from luxury to economy and everything in between  Accor is giving travelers fresh inspiration to explore the world - from ultra-luxurious train journeys to seaside wellness retreats and stylish urban hotspots. While the choices are diverse  each new offering shares Accor’s relentless commitment to sustainability and service excellence. Around the world  some 330 000+ talented Accor Heartists are delivering passion for hospitality and genuine care  crafting truly distinctive experiences and fostering meaningful connections. Read on for a preview of the remarkable places and spaces Accor will unveil in 2025.LUXURYLa Dolce Vita Orient Express is an opulent ‘slow travel’ experience  created by Accor and Arsenale S.p.A. – the first Italian venture in luxury rail hospitality. With regional and thematic voyages through Italy’s breathtaking countryside  La Dolce Vita Orient Express celebrates the glamor  joie de vivre  and artistic fervor of Italian culture in the 1960s. Guests will be treated to the culinary artistry of three Michelin-starred chef  Heinz Beck  whose innovative blend of tradition and modernity perfectly embody the essence of la dolce vita. Journeys begin in Spring 2025.Orient Express La Minerva is a heritage hotel site set in the heart of Rome  Italy  and will be the brand’s very first hotel in the world. Offering 93 rooms and suites in the former Palazzo Fonseca  guests will discover a sumptuous 17th century palace  gloriously restored for modern comfort. The interior design and artistic direction of the hotel have been entrusted to famed architect and designer Hugo Toro  who will soon reveal a glamorous experience inspired by the Roman domus and the riches of the ‘Eternal City’. Opening scheduled for early 2025.Faena New York is bringing the brand’s unique spirit of luxury and experiential hospitality to the High Line and Hudson River. Located within One High Line’s East Tower  Faena New York features 120 guestrooms and suites  innovative culinary concepts at its 5 000-square-foot restaurant helmed by a renowned celebrity chef  and a healing sanctuary at its 17 000-square-foot spa  Tierra Santa Healing House. Faena Rose members will enjoy exclusive entry to The Living Room  an elevated setting with live entertainment  private dining  and outdoor terraces. Opening scheduled for mid-2025.Raffles Sentosa Singapore is building on the brand’s illustrious legacy in Asia. The 62-villa resort overlooks Tanjong Beach on the southern tip of Sentosa Island  one of the most desirable resort destinations in Asia and a stone’s throw from the buzz of central Singapore. Designed by Yabu Pushelberg  the resort has more than a million square feet of meticulously curated tropical gardens – providing a relaxing retreat for global travelers and an enticing weekend staycation spot for local Singaporeans. Opening scheduled for early 2025.Raffles Jeddah  Saudi Arabia embodies a coastal spirit  with stunning views overlooking the Jeddah Corniche and the Red Sea. With 142 guest rooms and 40 suites  the hotel features three distinctive restaurants and lounges  a luxurious spa  and gathering spaces that include a 14 000 square foot grand ballroom. Guests will feel immersed in Saudi culture  local art  and decorative craftsmanship that honors the country’s past  present  and future. Opening scheduled for mid-2025.Growing the brand's presence in Europe  Fairmont Golden Prague will soon become the first Fairmont in the Czech Republic. Located in the heart of Old Town at the gate of the prestigious Parížská Boulevard and on the banks of the Vltava River  this 320-room heritage-listed landmark will set a global benchmark for luxury accommodation  cuisine and cultural immersion. Travelers looking for that extra level of special attention will appreciate the hotel's 44 Fairmont Gold rooms and suites  a private Fairmont Gold Lounge and exclusive concierge services. Opening scheduled for early 2025.Fairmont La Hacienda Costa del Sol  Spain resides in a yet-undiscovered corner of southern Spain and marks Fairmont’s first property along the southern coast of Europe. The hotel’s 311 rooms offer endless views of the Mediterranean  while the expansive property captures the joyful spirit of Andalusia through authentic culinary feasts  restorative wellness experiences  meaningful cultural immersions  and lively gatherings all deeply connected to the region’s rich heritage. Opening scheduled for early 2025.Fairmont Tokyo marks the much-anticipated arrival of the Fairmont brand in Japan. Set in a prime location along Tokyo Bay  the 217-room hotel offers fabulous views of the Rainbow Bridge to the east and Tokyo Tower to the west. Perfectly balancing the vibrant energy of the city with the tranquility of the waterfront  guests will enjoy signature Fairmont experiences with five restaurants and two bars  three outdoor terraces  sky chapel  sky banquet room  grand ballroom  spa  infinity pool  outdoor bathing pool  and fitness facilities in a refined and contemporary environment. Opening scheduled for mid-2025.Fairmont New Orleans in the United States is preparing for its debut in the historic Bank of New Orleans building in the city’s central business district  just one block from the famed French Quarter. After an extensive and visionary transformation of this iconic address  the new hotel will offer 250 luxury guest rooms  including 40 suites; three food and drink venues; a rooftop swimming pool with expansive city views; a 10 000 square foot spa; and 20 000 square feet of multi-function space. Opening scheduled for mid-2025.Fairmont Udaipur  India offers a luxurious getaway at a unique hillside location with exclusive access to a forest reserve. The resort encompasses 16 acres of land  offering guests unparalleled connection to nature with commanding views. The 340-room hotel features over 100 000 square feet of event space  a variety of outdoor spaces  recreational offerings  multiple dining venues  and luxurious one-of-a-kind holistic wellness experiences at Fairmont’s signature Spa. Opening scheduled for mid-2025.Fairmont Bangkok Sukhumvit is bringing a new level of luxury to the Thai capital’s central business district. The 419-room hotel is the brand’s first hotel in Thailand  and the country’s first fully integrated luxury MICE (Meetings  Incentives  Conferences and Exhibitions) hotel  with extensive in-person and virtual meeting facilities  scalable rooms  and top technology. Guests will enjoy specialty restaurants and bars with international and Asian cuisine  a rooftop bar with spectacular skyline views  a swimming pool  fitness center  spa  and wellness center. Opening scheduled for late 2025.Fairmont Hanoi  Vietnam is an urban resort located in the heart of the city  a mere 10-minute walk to Hoan Kiem Lake and the Old Quarter. The 241-room hotel takes inspiration from the culture and history of Thang Long  with a sumptuous guest experience centered around holistic well-being. Guests will discover six dining and bar venues  including a rooftop restaurant  indoor and outdoor swimming pools  an extensive gym  and a wellness spa and bathhouse that features traditional Asian rituals. Opening scheduled for late 2025.Fairmont Dalian  China presents a grand hospitality experience at Zhongshan Square in the historic city of Dalian. The elegant four-story heritage building has been carefully restored  bringing the property up to Fairmont’s global standards of modern luxury hospitality  with a commitment to sustainability in line with the city’s progressive values. The luxury hotel will offer 70 guestrooms  the brand’s exclusive hotel-within-a-hotel experience Fairmont Gold  a stunning ballroom for weddings and private events  numerous meeting rooms  signature restaurants  swimming pool and fitness center. Opening scheduled for late 2025.Sofitel Guiyang Liebian  China is at the center of the action in Guanshan Lake District  the city’s new cultural  economic  and municipal hub. The new hotel will bring a touch of French luxury to its 240 guestrooms  diverse dining options  holistic wellness offerings  and elegant meeting facilities. With many top tourist attractions nearby  along with the Guiyang International Convention & Exhibition Center  the Guiyang Olympic Sports Center  and the International Financial Center  the hotel is ideally located for both business travelers and leisure guests. Opening scheduled for late 2025.Mandai Rainforest Resort by Banyan Tree marks the brand’s debut and homecoming in Singapore. Sitting on a 4.6-hectare site within the Mandai Wildlife Reserve  Singapore’s integrated wildlife and nature destination  the 338-room resort comprises a four-story building with standard and family rooms  and 24 elevated seed pod-shaped treehouses  offering a nature-inspired stay where every element  from the architecture to the interiors  is designed to harmonize with the environment. Opening scheduled for mid-2025.Banyan Tree Escape unveils a new safari resort within the largely raw and untouched wilderness of Ruaha National Park  Tanzania. Nestled along the banks of the Great Ruaha River  the resort’s intimate collection of breezy open villas and retreats are inspired by vernacular architecture – seamlessly blending influences drawn from the flowing forms of the river with the communal essence of tribal living. Designed for the curious traveler  the resort provides a purposeful discovery experience that brings deep connection and immersion into the local community  culture and wild encounters. Opening scheduled for mid-2025.Green Coast Hotel - MGallery Collection is set to open in Albania in mid-2025  offering a luxurious escape along the pristine shores of Caesar’s Beach with crystal-clear Ionian waters. Strategically located next to a national park and near UNESCO World Heritage destinations such as Butrint  Apollonia  Berat  and Gjirokastër  the hotel is designed to showcase Albania’s natural beauty and cultural heritage. With 131 elegantly designed guest rooms  modern architecture  and a focus on sustainability  the hotel promises to deliver a meaningful and memorable experience for travelers while highlighting the region’s wildlife  sea caverns  and hidden bays. Combining modern luxury with eco-conscious practices  the hotel will play a key role in promoting Albania as a must-visit destination for history lovers  nature enthusiasts  and refined travelers alike.A new MGallery Collection hotel is set to becomethe newest star among the glamorous French seaside destination of Biarritz. With eye-popping style and design  the MGallery location will feature 150 guest rooms and will stand as a living and ever-evolving work of art. Guests will appreciate the brand’s unrivalled style  creative mixology  and thoughtfully designed menus – particularly on the hotel’s stunning rooftop with its breathtaking views of the city and ocean. Opening scheduled for mid-2025.Hotel MontAzure Lakeside Phuket - MGallery Collection  Thailand is set among lush forests and mountains tumbling into a stunning white sand beach. The Hotel MontAzure Lakeside Phuket features 150 guest rooms  with an ultimate lagoon pool and beautifully designed clubhouse buildings. Embodying the pristine elegance of its coastline setting  the hotel is defined by its stunning architecture  blending beautifully into the magnificent backdrop of lake and mountains. Opening scheduled for mid-2025.LIFESTYLE (ENNISMORE)25hours Hotel The Olympia will be Australia’s first 25hours Hotel and Sydney’s newest boutique hotel. The hotel is for dreamers and renegades  a place for cinema lovers where the aesthetic of the property plays tribute to the building's art house beginning as the Olympia Theatre. The hotel offers 109 guest rooms  including three themed concept suites  with each room featuring exclusive artwork by Sydney artist Kubi Vasak. The stand-out for the hotel will be its four food and dining venues including Jacob the Angel  an English coffee house and bakery as well as The Palomar Restaurant and Mulwray  a chic cocktail and wine bar. A highlight for any visit will be Monica  a roof-top bar with inspiring views of Sydney. The hotel will also feature two meeting rooms with the largest accommodating up to 150 people. Opening scheduled for mid-2025.Located on Pier Street in the heart of the CBD  Hyde Perth will offer 120 guest rooms  including 18 spacious suites  two dedicated meetings and events spaces  a destination restaurant and bar  and a lively specialty café that opens onto an outdoor pool area surrounded by lush  tropical landscaping. Drawing inspiration from Western Australia’s rich palette of colors and influences  the hotel has been designed to create connection  with endless sofas in the lobby and long tables that encourage conversation. Opening scheduled for late 2025.Mama Shelter will arrive in Asia for the first time and upon opening  Mama Shelter Singapore will become the brand’s 20th establishment in the portfolio. The hotel will be a true urban oasis located in the heart of Killiney Road and will be home to over 110 uniquely designed rooms. The restaurant will offer inventive cuisine in a trendy restaurant and the rooftop will have a pool offering an unbeatable view of the Singapore skyline. Opening scheduled for early 2025.Inspired by the eclectic spirit of Burleigh and set within an architectural masterpiece  Mondrian Gold Coast marks the brand’s Australian debut and brings an innovative new take on coastal hospitality to one of Queensland’s most iconic beaches. The hotel will offer 208 rooms and suites with spectacular views over the Pacific Ocean  including the all-new Beach Houses complete with private plunge pools  bespoke kitchen and bar areas and dedicated street access. Two exciting restaurant and bar concepts pay homage to the region’s exquisite local produce and fresh-off-the-boat seafood  while embodying the conviviality and vibrancy of the Burleigh social scene. Opening scheduled for early 2025.Bringing the brand's lavish style to Saudi Arabia for the very first time  SLS's latest indulgent wonderland is part of The Red Sea Project  one of the world’s most ambitious regenerative developments  comprising 16 resorts  a marina and a championship 18-hole golf course. Spanning over 800 000 square feet  SLS Red Sea will feature 150 rooms and suites  including one-  two- three- and four-bedroom pool villas  alongside exquisite dining destinations  extensive spa and fitness center  pool and an extraordinary ballroom set to host the region's hottest parties and events. Opening scheduled for mid-2025.SLS Plaja MujeresSLS’s first ever all-inclusive wonderland is bringing something fresh and fabulous to the Yucatán Peninsula with its enviable blend of extravagant style  culinary artistry  and electric entertainment. SLS Playa Mujeres’ 498 waterfront rooms and suites  dynamic dining and mixology destinations  and unmatched array of lifestyle and wellness offerings  invite guests to say farewell to the ordinary at a resort where friends’ trips  family-fun  and romantic retreats unfold in equal  extraordinary measure. Grand opening scheduled for 2025.SLS BarcelonaMarking the brand’s European debut  SLS Barcelona will be bringing its distinctive brand of immersive extravagance to the waterside district of Port Fòrum. The hotel will be set behind a striking  undulating façade that emulates the waves of the sparkling Mediterranean Sea and beckons guests and locals alike into an indulgent wonderland informed by extraordinary experiences. Offering 471 lavishly appointed rooms and suites  six distinct restaurant and bar concepts  three pools  a spa  and extensive events space culminating in a spectacular ballroom; SLS Barcelona will be a true urban resort unlike anything the city has seen before. Full hotel opening scheduled for early 2025.The Hoxton’s expansion in Italy continues with Florence  bringing a new energy to the city. Its 161 Rooms are split across two buildings: a 16th century palazzo with its original facade and impressive vaulted arcade  and a 1980s Andrea Branzi-designed building  that serves as a modernist juxtaposition  with its timber slatted facade and minimal  linear architecture. The hotel will also include a 2-bedroom house  spacious lobby  an Italian Riviera-inspired restaurant  sprawling courtyard  cozy late night wine bar  and dedicated event spaces. Florence’s world-famous landmarks such as the Duomo and Uffizi Gallery are within walking distance  and Fortezza da Basso  the home of Pitti Uomo  is a short 10-minute stroll away. Opening scheduled for early 2025.Rixos Radamis Sharm El Sheikh is the most breathtaking aqua paradise with perfectly designed and colorful rooms where visitors can find a wide range of opportunities for a pleasant experience for the whole family. Any stay at this family-friendly hotel promises to be an ultimate holiday experience featuring sports cafés  game rooms  a kids club  exclusive culinary delights  and many exceptional facilities for children. A beautiful beach  delicious food  pools  Rixy Kids Town exclusively for children and live entertainment complete the experience. Opening scheduled for early 2025.PREMIUMPullman Chennai Anna Salai  India is an expansive property covering nearly 54 000 square feet  with 233 guestrooms and suites. Purposeful  productive  and sustainable spaces invite guests to mix business with relaxation. The hotel features vibrant social areas  a lively restaurant  a rooftop bar  a fitness center  spa  and swimming pool. With three ballrooms  pre-function spaces  and business center  the hotel will serve as an ideal choice for all types of corporate events and social gatherings. Opening scheduled for early 2025.Pullman OKOL Golf Resort & Spa  Bulgaria is located within the OKOL Lake Park development near Iskar Lake  about a half hour drive from the city of Sofia. With 149 rooms  40 villas  and four restaurants and bars  the resort includes a 53 000 square foot rooftop spa and wellness center with both indoor and outdoor pools  a fitness center  and an 18-hole championship golf course designed to host international tournaments. The resort’s modern conference center accommodates 500+ attendees. Opening scheduled for mid-2025.Pullman Royal Key Wellness Resort  located in Le Moule  Guadeloupe  is a vibrant destination comprised of 102 contemporary rooms that welcome guests with Caribbean charm. The resort's design emphasizes spacious  tranquil spaces  panoramic views  and local art. The wellness center is a beautiful sanctuary with a spa  fitness center  and swimming pool. The property’s central location makes it easy for guests to visit nearby beaches and cultural attractions  making it ideal for both relaxation and exploration. Opening scheduled for mid-2025.Swissôtel Doha Corniche Park Towers  Qatar is a landmark project in the vibrant West Bay district  bringing hotel and residential living together across two iconic towers. Each of the 200 guestrooms  142 serviced apartments  and 121 branded residences offer unobstructed views of the Arabian Gulf and the city’s historic quarter. Amenities include six unique dining venues  8000+ square feet of meeting space  a serene spa  fitness and health facilities  a refreshing swimming pool  and a kids’ club. Opening scheduled for mid-2025.Swissôtel Bucharest  Romania is set to debut as the tallest hotel in Bucharest  residing in a 278-foot-high building on Expoziţiei Boulevard  near to Romexpo  the largest exhibition and event center in Romania. The hotel features 224 rooms and suites across 27 floors  with a rooftop restaurant  bar and lounge with panoramic city views. Amenities include a 22nd floor swimming pool  spa and fitness facilities  and ample room for business meetings and corporate events. Opening scheduled for late 2025.Mövenpick Resort Agios Nikolaos Sivota is the first Greek destination for the Mövenpick brand. The family-friendly resort includes 67 expansive and stylish rooms  most with views of the Ionian Sea. Guests will enjoy the delights of the Mövenpick experience  with all-day snacks  the brand’s famed Chocolate Hour  and a restaurant serving fresh fish and Swiss favorites as well as Mediterranean and international delicacies. The resort also features a pool bar  beach bar  fitness area and two swimming pools: one dedicated to adults only  along with one for splashing around with the kids. Opening scheduled for mid-2025.Mövenpick Resort & Spa Bintan Lagoon  Indonesia offers guests a blend of Swiss-inspired hospitality and local charm. The resort includes 413 contemporary guestrooms  three lagoon-style swimming pools  diverse dining options  a two-story beach club  and an array of event spaces. The wellness and recreation center includes a gym  spa  and kids’ club. The resort's private white sandy beach and proximity to Singapore - accessible via a one-hour ferry ride from Tanah Merah Ferry Terminal - make it an ideal destination for leisure travelers seeking a sun-kissed getaway. Opening scheduled for mid-2025.Grand Mercure Krabi Ao Nang  Thailand will explore local traditions with fresh cultural perspectives and modern  contemporary amenities. Set against the stunning backdrop of limestone mountains  the hotel offers eight diverse room categories  from romantic Honeymoon Suites to spacious Family Rooms. The resort’s two swimming pool are ideal for fun or relaxation  while a kids’ club is a paradise for entertaining young travelers. Dining options include a classic Italian restaurant  an all-day dining venue at Soul Kitchen  and an English tavern style bar. Opening scheduled for late 2025.MIDSCALE & ECONOMYHotel Giacomo Morra Alba - Handwritten Collection  Italy resides in the Piedmont region  known for its terroir and some of the country’s finest wines and foods  such as truffles  chocolate  and hazelnuts. Following a major renovation of the existing hotel  including meeting rooms and wellness facilities  this new addition to the brand welcomes guests to the wonders of the region  featuring a bar with 300+ wine labels  including local Barolo and Barbaresco varieties. Opening scheduled for early 2025.Novotel Valencia Lavant  Spain is within the Turia Garden  between Valencia’s historic center and the Palacio de Congresos. Converted from an existing hotel  the 12-storey building is being completely converted to create an elegant and modern Novotel experience that includes 370 rooms  a coffee shop  restaurant  rooftop terrace  gym  breakfast room  and large meeting and coworking areas. With its own adjacent parking space  this new flagship hotel will welcome guests with the Novotel spirit of ease  balance and harmony. Opening scheduled for early 2025.Novotel Jakarta Pulo Mas  Indonesia is a warm and friendly 36-floor hotel located in east Jakarta's Pulo Mas area. Featuring the renowned Novotel experience  the hotel has 175 rooms  including suites. As part of a mixed-use development  the hotel will feature an all-day dining restaurant  lounge  health and fitness center  spa  pool bar  and an outdoor swimming pool. Its strategic location provides easy access to Jakarta's business districts and cultural attractions. Opening scheduled for late 2025.Novotel Sydney Cabramatta  Australia is just 30km southwest of Sydney CBD  an ideal base for both business and leisure travelers. With 140 rooms and suites  guests can start their day with breakfast at Primitivo  enjoy premium steaks and fine wines at Dany's Kitchen  indulge in modern Asian cuisine at District 8  and unwind by the hotel’s outdoor pool and pool bar. The hotel also boasts a well-equipped gymnasium  a business lounge  and 24-hour room service. Opening scheduled for mid-2025.Mercure Ponta Delgada Azores  Portugal is the first Accor hotel in the Azores and a new flagship for the Mercure brand. The hotel resides in a historic ‘central pensione’  which is being completely restored and updated to create 75 rooms  a wellness area  swimming pool  and meeting room  imbued with travel-inspired storytelling. Guests will be invited to explore Ponta Delgada like a true local and immerse themselves in the culture in an authentic and environmentally friendly way. Opening scheduled for early 2025.Adagio Original London City East is set to open in the first half of 2025  becoming a flagship property for Adagio as its 9th aparthotel in the UK and the brand’s 4th in London. Ideally located near the City of London  this aparthotel will feature 132 studios and apartments  including the brand’s first-ever Coliving spaces. Designed for groups traveling together - professionally  with family  or friends - these innovative spaces combine private bedrooms with shared living areas  kitchens  and modern amenities  making them perfect for extended stays. Guests will also enjoy Adagio’s signature “Le Cercle” service concept. With a central location near the Tower of London and Tower Bridge and easy access to public transport  Adagio Original London City East is set to redefine urban stays in London. Opening scheduled for early 2025.TRIBE Belo Horizonte  Brazil will mark the debut of the TRIBE brand in South America. Located in the historic Praça da Liberdade  the hotel will occupy a building that previously belonged to the Government of the State of Minas Gerais. The property has 79 rooms and suites  a restaurant  lounge bar  rooftop area  meeting rooms  fitness center  and leisure spaces. The design is crafted by Focus Arquitetura  with interiors by renowned local designer Beth Nejm. Its prime location offers easy access to cultural attractions and business centers. Opening scheduled for early 2025.TRIBE Kraków Old Town  Poland is a newly constructed 168-room hotel in the center of Kraków and the first for the TRIBE brand in the country. With easy access to local attractions such as Kraków Barbican  Floriańska Gate  and the Main Market Square  guests will find the hotel to be an ideal home away from home from which to explore the city. The hotel’s interiors are inspired by David Lynch’s cinematic vision  with dark colors  velvet curtains and chevron flooring. Communal areas feature film posters by Polish artists  with artistic elements inspired by William Eggleston and Edward Hopper. Opening scheduled for early 2025.TRIBE Auckland Fort Street  New Zealand will be the brand’s first location in the country – a stylish destination where guests and locals can work  play  and relax with like-minded entrepreneurs and adventurous travelers. The hotel will bring a bold design edit to Auckland’s hotel scene with 60 compact but ultra-comfy guestrooms featuring the latest technologies  a lobby bar and social hub. As a design-driven hotel  common areas are the focal point with iconic design objects  contrasting colors  and surprising details selected with comfort and style in mind. Opening scheduled for mid-2025.ibis Styles Tallinn  Estonia will introduce the ibis Styles brand to the country  following an extensive renovation of the existing 124-room property. The new ibis Styles will feature a unique concept inspired by the world of photography  creating a playful yet elevated design experience under the theme ‘Through the Lens.’ The hotel has a vibrant dining area for up to 120 people  featuring vintage-inspired photography  as well as modern conference rooms for private events. Opening scheduled for mid-2025.greet Tbilisi Center  Georgia is just steps from the verdant Mzuiri park  one of the greenest and most refreshing areas of Tbilisi. The hotel is also near the old Wine Factory district  with the shops and businesses of vibrant Chavchavadze avenue. The hotel features a smart mix of 114 ergonomically designed rooms  a fresh local breakfast spread  and an eco-friendly vibe. The friendly atmosphere of the open lobby is well suited to relaxing and work  with a bar serving locally made snacks. Opening scheduled for early 2025.ADDITIONAL 2025 KEY OPENINGS FROM ACCORBanyan Tree Haeundae Busan  South KoreaNavera Phuket – MGallery Collection  ThailandSouth Palms – MGallery Collection  PhilippinesMarival Armony Punta Mita - MGallery Collection  MexicoNovotel New Delhi City Centre  IndiaPullman Chongqing North Station  ChinaSwissotel Kopaonik  SerbiaMövenpick Hotel Bari  ItalyMövenpick Hotel Mondello Palace Palermo  ItalyMövenpick Hotel Al Zaytoon Baghdad  IraqMercure Portile de Fier Riviera  RomaniaMövenpick By Accor Suzhou Railway Station  ChinaMövenpick Hotel Teuta Kotor Bay  MontenegroMövenpick Kigali  RwandaMövenpick by Accor Hangzhou Jiande Xin’anjiang  ChinaMövenpick by Accor Jinan West  ChinaGrand Mercure Kuala Lumpur Bukit Bintang  MalaysiaGrand Mercure Shenyang Oriental  ChinaGrand Mercure Wuxi Huishan  ChinaAdorn Tirana - Handwritten Collection  AlbaniaRocca a Mare Heraklion - Handwritten Collection  Greeceibis Mumbai BKCJO&JOE Lhasa Jokhang Temple  ChinaJO&JOE Lanzhou Laojie  ChinaNovotel & ibis Styles Hamburg HafenCity  GermanyNovotel Malta Sliema  MaltaNovotel Uberlândia  BrazilNovotel Xiamen Downtown  ChinaNovotel Sanya Bay Yatai  ChinaNovotel Chengdu Lige  ChinaNovotel Changzhou Gaoxin  ChinaMercure Lucknow Ekana Sportz City  IndiaMercure Kathmandu Sukedhara Heights  NepalAdagio Original Stuttgart NeckarparkTRIBE Paris Pantin  FranceTRIBE Budapest Airport  HungaryMövenpick by Accor Shanghai  Chinaibis Styles Araxá  Brazilibis Styles Fortaleza Giga Mall  Brazilibis Puerto San Martín  Argentinaibis Arcoverde  Brazilibis Votuporanga  BrazilJO&JOE Guangzhou PanYu Guangdong  ChinaJO&JOE Changzhou Tianning  ChinaAbout Accor  a world-leading hospitality groupAccor is a world leading hospitality group offering experiences across more than 110 countries  over 5 700 properties  10 000 food & beverage venues  wellness facilities or flexible workspaces. The Group has one of the industry's most diverse hospitality ecosystems  encompassing more than 45 hotel brands from luxury to economy  as well as Lifestyle with Ennismore. Accor is focused on driving positive action through business ethics  responsible tourism  environmental sustainability  community engagement  diversity  and inclusivity. Founded in 1967  Accor SA is headquartered in France and publicly listed on the Euronext Paris Stock Exchange (ISIN code: FR0000120404) and on the OTC Market (Ticker: ACCYY) in the United States. For more information  please visit group.accor.com or follow us on X  Facebook  LinkedIn  Instagram and TikTok.Melanie MahietteAccor,positive,0.82,0.18,0.0,positive,0.71,0.28,0.0,True,English,"['outstanding line-up', 'new hotels', 'hospitality experiences', 'Accor', 'resorts', 'Fairmont La Hacienda Costa del Sol', 'La Dolce Vita Orient Express', 'Orient Express La Minerva', 'Arsenale S.p.A.', 'sumptuous 17th century palace', 'a million square feet', 'enticing weekend staycation spot', '14,000 square foot grand ballroom', 'prestigious Parížská Boulevard', 'opulent ‘slow travel’ experience', 'Tierra Santa Healing House', '330,000+ talented Accor Heartists', 'private Fairmont Gold Lounge', 'seaside wellness retreats', 'stylish urban hotspots', 'joie de vivre', 'three Michelin-starred chef', 'former Palazzo Fonseca', 'renowned celebrity chef', 'Faena Rose members', 'The Living Room', '320-room heritage-listed landmark', 'Fairmont Golden Prague', 'restorative wellness experiences', 'authentic culinary feasts', 'signature Fairmont experiences', 'Faena New York', 'exclusive concierge services', '45+ hospitality brands', 'innovative culinary concepts', 'exciting hospitality experiences', '44 Fairmont Gold rooms', 'ultra-luxurious train journeys', 'One High Line', 'desirable resort destinations', 'three distinctive restaurants', 'meaningful cultural immersions', 'three outdoor terraces', 'first Italian venture', 'heritage hotel site', 'luxury rail hospitality', 'Raffles Sentosa Singapore', 'distinctive experiences', 'first Fairmont', 'glamorous experience', 'healing sanctuary', 'private dining', 'Fairmont Tokyo', 'culinary artistry', 'new hotels', 'new offering', 'meaningful connections', 'Italian culture', 'innovative blend', 'exclusive entry', 'Sentosa Island', 'central Singapore', 'rich heritage', 'five restaurants', 'experiential hospitality', 'first property', 'Fairmont brand', 'powerful array', 'fresh inspiration', 'relentless commitment', 'service excellence', 'genuine care', 'remarkable places', 'thematic voyages', 'breathtaking countryside', 'artistic fervor', 'Heinz Beck', 'modern comfort', 'interior design', 'artistic direction', 'famed architect', 'Hugo Toro', 'Roman domus', 'unique spirit', 'Hudson River', '5,000-square-foot restaurant', '17,000-square-foot spa', 'elevated setting', 'live entertainment', 'illustrious legacy', '62-villa resort', 'Tanjong Beach', 'southern tip', 'Yabu Pushelberg', 'tropical gardens', 'relaxing retreat', 'local Singaporeans', 'Saudi Arabia', 'coastal spirit', 'stunning views', 'Red Sea', 'luxurious spa', 'Saudi culture', 'local art', 'decorative craftsmanship', 'Czech Republic', 'Old Town', 'Vltava River', 'global benchmark', 'extra level', 'special attention', 'undiscovered corner', 'southern coast', 'endless views', 'expansive property', 'joyful spirit', 'lively gatherings', 'anticipated arrival', 'prime location', 'Tokyo Bay', 'fabulous views', 'Rainbow Bridge', 'Tokyo Tower', 'vibrant energy', 'two bars', 'sky chapel', 'sky banq', 'first hotel', '142 guest rooms', 'luxury accommodation', '217-room hotel', 'Eternal City', 'East Tower', 'Jeddah Corniche', 'gathering spaces', 'southern Spain', 'global travelers', '93 rooms', '311 rooms', 'resorts', 'year', 'spectrum', 'economy', 'everything', 'world', 'choices', 'sustainability', 'passion', 'preview', 'regional', 'Italy', '1960s', 'Guests', 'tradition', 'modernity', 'essence', 'Spring', 'Rome', 'suites', 'designer', 'riches', 'Opening', '120 guestrooms', 'Asia', 'stone', 'buzz', 'lounges', 'past', 'present', 'future', 'mid', 'presence', 'Europe', 'gate', 'banks', 'cuisine', 'Mediterranean', 'Andalusia', 'Japan', 'tranquility', 'waterfront']",2025-01-08,2025-01-09,hospitalitynet.org
48074,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/01/08/3005971/0/en/H-ART-Museum-and-Aegon-announce-partnership.html,H’ART Museum and Aegon announce partnership,The Hague/Amsterdam - January 8  2025 - The H’ART Museum  a renowned art institution based in Amsterdam  and Aegon Ltd  a leading international financial services company  are excited to announce the start of a strategic partnership effective January 1  2025 …,"The Hague/Amsterdam - January 8  2025 - The H’ART Museum  a renowned art institution based in Amsterdam  and Aegon Ltd  a leading international financial services company  are excited to announce the start of a strategic partnership effective January 1  2025  for an initial period of two years.The collaboration fits well with H’ART Museum’s reputation as a hub for world-class art collections and its partnerships with internationally renowned museums – including the Smithsonian American Art Museum in Washington  the British Museum in London  and the Centre Pompidou in Paris – and Aegon’s international strategy.The museum connects a broad audience to a wide variety of art collections that range from antiquity to the present day  and from classic to modern art. Currently  the museum is preparing the much-anticipated exhibition ‘From Rembrandt to Vermeer  Masterpieces from The Leiden Collection.’The partnership with Aegon supports H’ART Museum's work to bring together and showcase famous works of art and stories from around the world in one-of-a-kind exhibitions to Amsterdam residents  as well as domestic and international visitors. By partnering with H’ART Museum  Aegon aims to support an important institution of Amsterdam’s rich cultural fabric.""We are thrilled to announce our new partnership with Aegon  a company whose commitment to international collaboration and entrepreneurship aligns perfectly with our mission. This cooperation will allow us to further enrich the visitor experience and support the continued growth and success of the museum. Together  we look forward to creating meaningful opportunities for both art enthusiasts and the broader community "" commented Annabelle Birnie  Director of H’ART Museum.Lard Friese  CEO of Aegon  said: “We are excited about this new collaboration with the H’ART Museum in Amsterdam  which coincides with Aegon's upcoming move to our new headquarters at the WTC Schiphol in mid-2025. This partnership builds on the international and collaborative spirit of both the H’ART Museum and Aegon. We aim to support H’ART in bringing unique exhibitions to inspire a wide audience  in line with our international strategy and our commitment to helping people live their best lives.”Editor’s noteImages can be downloaded here. They may only be used royalty-free in articles about this partnership.ContactsH’ART Museum Aegon Madeline van Vliet and Stella KüçüksenPress and Marketing Communications Department Carolien van der GiessenHead of Communications +31 20 530 87 55pressoffice@hartmuseum.nl +316 11 95 33 67carolien.vandergiessen@aegon.comAbout H’ART MuseumH’ART Museum is an art museum where iconic works and captivating stories from across the globe come together in one-of-a-kind exhibitions. As a global cultural hub  the museum collaborates with esteemed partners such as the Smithsonian American Art Museum in Washington  the British Museum in London  and the Centre Pompidou in Paris. H’ART Museum is housed in a historic  centuries-old landmark building  situated in the heart of the city’s cultural heritage. The museum features a serene courtyard garden and a vibrant Grand Café. Beyond its rotating exhibitions  H’ART Museum serves as a dynamic cultural center  hosting a wide array of events  from concerts and lectures to movie nights and educational programs for children and young adults. The museum is grateful for the invaluable support of founder VriendenLoterij and partners Heineken  Aegon  ELJA Foundation and ABN AMRO  as well as the foundations het Cultuurfonds  VSBfonds  VandenEnde Foundation  Gieskes-Strijbis Fonds  Gemeente Amsterdam  Fonds 21 and H’ART Museum Members.About AegonAegon is an international financial services holding company. Aegon’s ambition is to build leading businesses that offer their customers investment  protection  and retirement solutions. Aegon’s portfolio of businesses includes fully owned businesses in the United States and United Kingdom  and a global asset manager. Aegon also creates value by combining its international expertise with strong local partners via insurance joint-ventures in Spain & Portugal  China  and Brazil  and via asset management partnerships in France and China. In addition  Aegon owns a Bermuda-based life insurer and generates value via a strategic shareholding in a market leading Dutch insurance and pensions company.Aegon’s purpose of helping people live their best lives runs through all its activities. As a leading global investor and employer  Aegon seeks to have a positive impact by addressing critical environmental and societal issues  with a focus on climate change and inclusion & diversity. Aegon is headquartered in The Hague  the Netherlands  domiciled in Bermuda  and listed on Euronext Amsterdam and the New York Stock Exchange. More information can be found at aegon.com .Forward-looking statementsThe statements contained in this document that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements as defined in the US Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. The following are words that identify such forward-looking statements: aim  believe  estimate  target  intend  may  expect  anticipate  predict  project  counting on  plan  continue  want  forecast  goal  should  would  could  is confident  will  and similar expressions as they relate to Aegon. These statements may contain information about financial prospects  economic conditions and trends and involve risks and uncertainties. In addition  any statements that refer to sustainability  environmental and social targets  commitments  goals  efforts and expectations and other events or circumstances that are partially dependent on future events are forward-looking statements. These statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve risks  uncertainties and assumptions that are difficult to predict. Aegon undertakes no obligation  and expressly disclaims any duty  to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements  which merely reflect company expectations at the time of writing. Actual results may differ materially and adversely from expectations conveyed in forward-looking statements due to changes caused by various risks and uncertainties. Such risks and uncertainties include but are not limited to the following:Unexpected delays  difficulties  and expenses in executing against Aegon’s environmental  climate  diversity and inclusion or other “ESG” targets  goals and commitments  and changes in laws or regulations affecting us  such as changes in data privacy  environmental  health and safety laws;Changes in general economic and/or governmental conditions  particularly in Bermuda  the United States  the Netherlands and the United Kingdom;Civil unrest  (geo-) political tensions  military action or other instability in a country or geographic region;Changes in the performance of financial markets  including emerging markets  such as with regard to: The frequency and severity of defaults by issuers in Aegon’s fixed income investment portfolios; The effects of corporate bankruptcies and/or accounting restatements on the financial markets and the resulting decline in the value of equity and debt securities Aegon holds; The effects of declining creditworthiness of certain public sector securities and the resulting decline in the value of government exposure that Aegon holds; The impact from volatility in credit  equity  and interest rates;Changes in the performance of Aegon’s investment portfolio and decline in ratings of Aegon’s counterparties;Lowering of one or more of Aegon’s debt ratings issued by recognized rating organizations and the adverse impact such action may have on Aegon’s ability to raise capital and on its liquidity and financial condition;Lowering of one or more of insurer financial strength ratings of Aegon’s insurance subsidiaries and the adverse impact such action may have on the written premium  policy retention  profitability and liquidity of its insurance subsidiaries;The effect of applicable Bermuda solvency requirements  the European Union’s Solvency II requirements  and applicable equivalent solvency requirements and other regulations in other jurisdictions affecting the capital Aegon is required to maintain;Changes in the European Commissions’ or European regulator’s position on the equivalence of the supervisory regime for insurance and reinsurance undertakings in force in Bermuda;Changes affecting interest rate levels and low or rapidly changing interest rate levels;Changes affecting currency exchange rates  in particular the EUR/USD and EUR/GBP exchange rates;Changes affecting inflation levels  particularly in the United States  the Netherlands and the United Kingdom;Changes in the availability of  and costs associated with  liquidity sources such as bank and capital markets funding  as well as conditions in the credit markets in general such as changes in borrower and counterparty creditworthiness;Increasing levels of competition  particularly in the United States  the Netherlands  the United Kingdom and emerging markets;Catastrophic events  either manmade or by nature  including by way of example acts of God  acts of terrorism  acts of war and pandemics  could result in material losses and significantly interrupt Aegon’s business;The frequency and severity of insured loss events;Changes affecting longevity  mortality  morbidity  persistence and other factors that may impact the profitability of Aegon’s insurance products and management of derivatives;Aegon’s projected results are highly sensitive to complex mathematical models of financial markets  mortality  longevity  and other dynamic systems subject to shocks and unpredictable volatility. Should assumptions to these models later prove incorrect  or should errors in those models escape the controls in place to detect them  future performance will vary from projected results;Reinsurers to whom Aegon has ceded significant underwriting risks may fail to meet their obligations;Changes in customer behavior and public opinion in general related to  among other things  the type of products Aegon sells  including legal  regulatory or commercial necessity to meet changing customer expectations;Customer responsiveness to both new products and distribution channels;Third-party information used by us may prove to be inaccurate and change over time as methodologies and data availability and quality continue to evolve impacting our results and disclosures;As Aegon’s operations support complex transactions and are highly dependent on the proper functioning of information technology  operational risks such as system disruptions or failures  security or data privacy breaches  cyberattacks  human error  failure to safeguard personally identifiable information  changes in operational practices or inadequate controls including with respect to third parties with which Aegon does business  may disrupt Aegon’s business  damage its reputation and adversely affect its results of operations  financial condition and cash flows  and Aegon may be unable to adopt to and apply new technologies;The impact of acquisitions and divestitures  restructurings  product withdrawals and other unusual items  including Aegon’s ability to complete  or obtain regulatory approval for  acquisitions and divestitures  integrate acquisitions  and realize anticipated results  and its ability to separate businesses as part of divestitures;Aegon’s failure to achieve anticipated levels of earnings or operational efficiencies  as well as other management initiatives related to cost savings  Cash Capital at Holding  gross financial leverage and free cash flow;Changes in the policies of central banks and/or governments;Litigation or regulatory action that could require Aegon to pay significant damages or change the way Aegon does business;Competitive  legal  regulatory  or tax changes that affect profitability  the distribution cost of or demand for Aegon’s products;Consequences of an actual or potential break-up of the European Monetary Union in whole or in part  or further consequences of the exit of the United Kingdom from the European Union and potential consequences if other European Union countries leave the European Union;Changes in laws and regulations  or the interpretation thereof by regulators and courts  including as a result of comprehensive reform or shifts away from multilateral approaches to regulation of global or national operations  particularly regarding those laws and regulations related to ESG matters  those affecting Aegon’s operations’ ability to hire and retain key personnel  taxation of Aegon companies  the products Aegon sells  the attractiveness of certain products to its consumers and Aegon’s intellectual property;Regulatory changes relating to the pensions  investment  insurance industries and enforcing adjustments in the jurisdictions in which Aegon operates;Standard setting initiatives of supranational standard setting bodies such as the Financial Stability Board and the International Association of Insurance Supervisors or changes to such standards that may have an impact on regional (such as EU)  national or US federal or state level financial regulation or the application thereof to Aegon  including the designation of Aegon by the Financial Stability Board as a Global Systemically Important Insurer (G-SII);Changes in accounting regulations and policies or a change by Aegon in applying such regulations and policies  voluntarily or otherwise  which may affect Aegon’s reported results  shareholders’ equity or regulatory capital adequacy levels;Changes in ESG standards and requirements  including assumptions  methodology and materiality  or a change by Aegon in applying such standards and requirements  voluntarily or otherwise  may affect Aegon’s ability to meet evolving standards and requirements  or Aegon’s ability to meet its sustainability and ESG-related goals  or related public expectations  which may also negatively affect Aegon’s reputation or the reputation of its board of directors or its management; andOther risks and uncertainties identified in the Form 20-F and in other documents filed or to be filed by Aegon with the SEC.Reliance on third-party information in certain of Aegon’s disclosures  which may change over time as methodologies and data availability and quality continue to evolve. These factors  as well as any inaccuracies in third-party information used by Aegon  including in estimates or assumptions  may cause results to differ materially and adversely from statements  estimates  and beliefs made by Aegon or third-parties. Moreover  Aegon’s disclosures based on any standards may change due to revisions in framework requirements  availability of information  changes in its business or applicable governmental policies  or other factors  some of which may be beyond Aegon’s control. Additionally  Aegon's discussion of various ESG and other sustainability issues in this document or in other locations  including on our corporate website  may be informed by the interests of various stakeholders  as well as various ESG standards  frameworks  and regulations (including for the measurement and assessment of underlying data). As such  our disclosures on such issues  including climate-related disclosures  may include information that is not necessarily ""material"" under US securities laws for SEC reporting purposes  even if we use words such as ""material"" or ""materiality"" in relation to those statements. ESG expectations continue to evolve  often quickly  including for matters outside of our control; our disclosures are inherently dependent on the methodology (including any related assumptions or estimates) and data used  and there can be no guarantee that such disclosures will necessarily reflect or be consistent with the preferred practices or interpretations of particular stakeholders  either currently or in future.Further details of potential risks and uncertainties affecting Aegon are described in its filings with the Netherlands Authority for the Financial Markets and the US Securities and Exchange Commission  including the 2023 Integrated Annual Report. These forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this document. Except as required by any applicable law or regulation  Aegon expressly disclaims any obligation or undertaking to release publicly any updates or revisions to any forward-looking statements contained herein to reflect any change in Aegon’s expectations with regard thereto or any change in events  conditions or circumstances on which any such statement is based.Attachment",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.62,0.22,0.16,True,English,"['H’ART Museum', 'Aegon', 'partnership', 'US Private Securities Litigation Reform Act', 'international financial services holding company', 'leading international financial services company', 'historic, centuries-old landmark building', 'Carolien van der Giessen', 'market leading Dutch insurance', 'New York Stock Exchange', 'Smithsonian American Art Museum', 'Aegon Madeline van Vliet', 'H’ART Museum Members', 'The H’ART Museum', 'leading global investor', 'Stella Küçüksen', 'serene courtyard garden', 'vibrant Grand Café', 'global asset manager', 'Bermuda-based life insurer', 'The Leiden Collection', 'rich cultural fabric', 'dynamic cultural center', 'world-class art collections', 'Marketing Communications Department', 'asset management partnerships', 'renowned art institution', 'global cultural hub', 'strong local partners', 'pensions company', 'insurance joint-ventures', 'modern art', 'art enthusiasts', 'leading businesses', 'The Hague', 'cultural heritage', 'international strategy', 'international visitors', 'international expertise', 'British Museum', 'renowned museums', 'important institution', 'new headquarters', 'international collaboration', 'new collaboration', 'initial period', 'two years', 'Centre Pompidou', 'broad audience', 'wide variety', 'present day', 'famous works', 'kind exhibitions', 'visitor experience', 'continued growth', 'meaningful opportunities', 'broader community', 'Annabelle Birnie', 'Lard Friese', 'upcoming move', 'WTC Schiphol', 'collaborative spirit', 'unique exhibitions', 'wide audience', 'best lives', 'iconic works', 'rotating exhibitions', 'wide array', 'movie nights', 'educational programs', 'young adults', 'invaluable support', 'ELJA Foundation', 'ABN AMRO', 'VandenEnde Foundation', 'retirement solutions', 'United States', 'United Kingdom', 'strategic shareholding', 'positive impact', 'critical environmental', 'societal issues', 'climate change', 'More information', 'historical facts', 'new partnership', 'Forward-looking statements', 'captivating stories', 'Gieskes-Strijbis Fonds', 'Amsterdam residents', 'Gemeente Amsterdam', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'strategic partnership', 'Aegon Ltd', 'January', 'start', 'reputation', 'internationally', 'Washington', 'London', 'Paris', 'antiquity', 'classic', 'Rembrandt', 'Vermeer', 'Masterpieces', 'domestic', 'commitment', 'entrepreneurship', 'mission', 'cooperation', 'success', 'Director', 'CEO', 'mid-20', 'people', 'Editor', 'note', 'Images', 'articles', 'Contacts', 'Press', 'hartmuseum', 'vandergiessen', 'globe', 'esteemed', 'heart', 'city', 'events', 'concerts', 'lectures', 'children', 'founder', 'VriendenLoterij', 'Heineken', 'foundations', 'Cultuurfonds', 'VSBfonds', 'ambition', 'customers', 'investment', 'protection', 'portfolio', 'value', 'Spain', 'Portugal', 'China', 'Brazil', 'France', 'addition', 'purpose', 'activities', 'employer', 'focus', 'inclusion', 'diversity', 'Netherlands', 'document', 'words', '316']",2025-01-08,2025-01-09,globenewswire.com
48075,EuroNext,Bing API,https://markets.businessinsider.com/news/stocks/theranexus-publishes-shareholder-letter-reinforcing-commitment-to-rare-neurological-treatments-1034211523,Theranexus Publishes Shareholder Letter  Reinforcing Commitment to Rare Neurological Treatments,Discover outperforming stocks and invest smarter with Top Smart Score StocksFilter  analyze  and streamline your,Stay Ahead of the Market: Discover outperforming stocks and invest smarter with Top Smart Score StocksFilter  analyze  and streamline your search for investment opportunities using Tipranks' Stock ScreenerThe latest announcement is out from Theranexus SA ( (FR:ALTHX) ).Theranexus has announced the publication of its letter to shareholders  highlighting its ongoing efforts in developing treatments for rare neurological disorders. This communication demonstrates the company’s commitment to transparency and its strategic focus  potentially impacting its operations and market position by fostering investor confidence.More about Theranexus SATheranexus is an innovative biopharmaceutical company that specializes in the treatment of rare neurological diseases. It originated from the French Alternative Energies and Atomic Energy Commission and has developed a unique platform for identifying and characterizing advanced therapy drug candidates. The company is currently focusing on a drug candidate for Batten disease and is listed on the Euronext Growth market in Paris.YTD Price Performance: 21.48%Average Trading Volume: 5 074Technical Sentiment Consensus Rating: BuyCurrent Market Cap: €5.26MLearn more about ALTHX stock on TipRanks’ Stock Analysis page.,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.01,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,True,English,"['Rare Neurological Treatments', 'Shareholder Letter', 'Theranexus', 'Commitment', 'Technical Sentiment Consensus Rating', 'Top Smart Score Stocks', 'advanced therapy drug candidates', 'TipRanks’ Stock Analysis page', ""Tipranks' Stock Screener"", 'rare neurological disorders', 'rare neurological diseases', 'French Alternative Energies', 'Atomic Energy Commission', 'YTD Price Performance', 'Average Trading Volume', 'Euronext Growth market', 'Current Market Cap', 'innovative biopharmaceutical company', 'outperforming stocks', 'ALTHX stock', 'market position', 'investment opportunities', 'latest announcement', 'ongoing efforts', 'strategic focus', 'investor confidence', 'unique platform', 'Batten disease', 'Theranexus SA', 'search', 'publication', 'letter', 'shareholders', 'treatments', 'communication', 'commitment', 'transparency', 'operations', 'Paris', 'Buy']",2025-01-09,2025-01-09,markets.businessinsider.com
48076,EuroNext,Bing API,https://sg.finance.yahoo.com/news/ipsos-assigned-investment-grade-ratings-171800667.html,Ipsos has been assigned Investment Grade ratings by Moody’s and Fitch,Ipsos has been assigned Investment Grade ratings by Moody’s and Fitch Paris  9 January 2025 - Ipsos  one of the world’s leading market research companies  has been assigned long-term credit ratings of Baa3 with a stable outlook by Moody’s ,IPSOSIpsos has been assigned Investment Grade ratingsby Moody’s and FitchParis  9 January 2025 - Ipsos  one of the world’s leading market research companies  has been assigned long-term credit ratings of Baa3 with a stable outlook by Moody’s  and BBB with a stable outlook by Fitch.These ratings reflect the strength of Ipsos’ financial profile  its leading position in the market research industry  geographic diversification  comprehensive service offerings and innovation capacity. They demonstrate confidence in Ipsos’ strategy and growth potential. They will also enable the Group to diversify its funding sources  improve its access to debt capital markets and broaden its investor base.The rating reports will soon be available in the Investor Relations section of Ipsos.com  as well as on Moodys.com and Fitchratings.com.ABOUT IPSOSIpsos is one of the largest market research and polling companies globally  operating in 90 markets and employing nearly 20 000 people.Our passionately curious research professionals  analysts and scientists have built unique multi-specialist capabilities that provide true understanding and powerful insights into the actions  opinions and motivations of citizens  consumers  patients  customers or employees. Our 75 business solutions are based on primary data from our surveys  social media monitoring  and qualitative or observational techniques.“Game Changers” – our tagline – summarizes our ambition to help our 5 000 clients navigate with confidence our rapidly changing world.Founded in France in 1975  Ipsos has been listed on the Euronext Paris since July 1  1999. The company is part of the SBF 120  Mid-60 indices  and is eligible for the Deferred Settlement Service (SRD).ISIN code FR0000073298  Reuters ISOS.PA  Bloomberg IPS:FPwww.ipsos.com35 rue du Val de Marne75 628 Paris  Cedex 13 FranceTel. +33 1 41 98 90 00Attachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.05,0.95,0.0,True,English,"['Investment Grade ratings', 'Ipsos', 'Moody', 'Fitch', 'leading market research companies', 'market research industry', 'largest market research', 'curious research professionals', 'comprehensive service offerings', 'unique multi-specialist capabilities', 'social media monitoring', 'Deferred Settlement Service', 'Val de Marne', 'Investor Relations section', 'Investment Grade ratings', 'long-term credit ratings', 'debt capital markets', 'leading position', 'polling companies', 'investor base', 'stable outlook', 'financial profile', 'geographic diversification', 'innovation capacity', 'growth potential', 'funding sources', 'rating reports', 'true understanding', 'powerful insights', '75 business solutions', 'primary data', 'observational techniques', 'Game Changers', 'Mid-60 indices', 'ISIN code', 'Reuters ISOS', 'Bloomberg IPS', 'changing world', 'Euronext Paris', 'Ipsos’ strategy', 'Ipsos.com', '90 markets', 'Moody', 'Fitch', 'Baa3', 'BBB', 'strength', 'confidence', 'Group', 'access', '20,000 people', 'analysts', 'scientists', 'actions', 'opinions', 'motivations', 'citizens', 'consumers', 'patients', 'customers', 'employees', 'surveys', 'qualitative', 'tagline', 'ambition', '5,000 clients', 'rapidly', 'France', 'July', 'company', 'part', 'SRD', '35 rue', 'Cedex', 'Tel.', 'Attachment', '33']",2025-01-09,2025-01-09,sg.finance.yahoo.com
48077,EuroNext,Bing API,https://egamers.io/thomson-computing-partners-with-ultra-to-integrate-various-games-into-its-laptops/,THOMSON Computing Partners with Ultra to Integrate Various Games Into Its Laptops,Ashes of Mankind is an expansive universe set in a dystopian future  comprising two interconnected games: AoM: Empires and AoM: Citadels. Empires emphasize the creation and trading of unique technologies and cosmetics that influence the gameplay in Citadels  which is an innovative PvP/PvE extraction MMO FPS.,THOMSON Computing has announced a strategic partnership with the web3 gaming platform Ultra!This partnership will equip all METAVISIO – THOMSON Computing laptops with Ultra’s comprehensive gaming and entertainment ecosystem. It will enrich THOMSON Computing’s European-made devices with a wide selection of games  including the engaging tactical FPS Ashes of Mankind.Ashes of MankindAshes of Mankind is an expansive universe set in a dystopian future  comprising two interconnected games: AoM: Empires and AoM: Citadels. Empires emphasize the creation and trading of unique technologies and cosmetics that influence the gameplay in Citadels  which is an innovative PvP/PvE extraction MMO FPS.Gus van Rijckevorsel  CEO of Ultra  commented  “By integrating Ultra’s gaming ecosystem into every THOMSON Computing laptop  we’re taking a bold step toward becoming the “Netflix of Gaming ” making high-quality games and experiences as accessible as streaming your favorite show.”The collaboration between THOMSON Computing and Ultra is set to change how consumers access games  providing a seamless and integrated gaming experience right out of the box.THOMSON’s high-performance laptops will come pre-installed with Ultra’s platform  combining advanced hardware with an expansive digital game library. This approach aims to simplify the user experience and establish new industry standards  much like how Netflix redefined film distribution.Ultra is leading changes with its decentralized marketplace and rich content offerings  including immersive games and eSports tournaments  positioning itself as the “Netflix of Gaming.”Stephan Français  Founder & CEO of METAVISIO – THOMSON Computing  stated  “At Thomson  we are driven by the goal of creating technology that enhances everyday life. With this partnership  we’re bringing users closer to next-generation gaming experiences by combining the best of our hardware with Ultra’s innovative ecosystem.”This partnership takes advantage of THOMSON’s advanced hardware  which features integrated cold storage wallets for secure digital asset management  enhancing gameplay with smooth performance and high-quality graphics.The alliance represents a shared commitment between THOMSON Computing and Ultra to challenge the prevailing tech industry standards  which are predominantly dominated by U.S. and Asian markets.By incorporating Ultra’s web3 solutions into THOMSON’s devices  the partnership contests these established norms and positions Europe at the forefront of technological innovation and gaming.“As a European company  we take pride in contributing to a future where European innovation sets the global standard. Partnering with Ultra showcases the strength of European tech  proving that we can lead the way in both gaming and digital transformation ” commented Français.As a recognized entity listed on France’s Euronext Paris stock exchange  THOMSON Computing is leveraging this collaboration to support Ultra’s development into a fully operational  institutional-grade ecosystem. This venture is poised to attract institutional investors and elevate the status of gaming and blockchain technologies within European markets.“Ultra will be the future of European gaming  and this vision will be materialized through partnerships like the one with THOMSON Computing and other major companies and funds that invest in leading enterprises ” added van Rijckevorsel.,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.72,0.28,0.0,True,English,"['THOMSON Computing Partners', 'Various Games', 'Ultra', 'Laptops', 'innovative PvP/PvE extraction MMO FPS', 'Euronext Paris stock exchange', 'integrated cold storage wallets', 'secure digital asset management', 'engaging tactical FPS Ashes', 'expansive digital game library', 'prevailing tech industry standards', 'new industry standards', 'rich content offerings', 'other major companies', 'operational, institutional-grade ecosystem', 'Gus van Rijckevorsel', 'Stephan Français', 'integrated gaming experience', 'two interconnected games', 'THOMSON Computing laptop', 'next-generation gaming experiences', 'web3 gaming platform', 'innovative ecosystem', 'digital transformation', 'expansive universe', 'European tech', 'high-performance laptops', 'user experience', 'web3 solutions', 'entertainment ecosystem', 'gaming ecosystem', 'wide selection', 'unique technologies', 'bold step', 'favorite show', 'film distribution', 'decentralized marketplace', 'eSports tournaments', 'everyday life', 'smooth performance', 'high-quality graphics', 'U.S.', 'Asian markets', 'technological innovation', 'European company', 'European innovation', 'global standard', 'recognized entity', 'institutional investors', 'blockchain technologies', 'European markets', 'leading enterprises', 'comprehensive gaming', 'European gaming', 'high-quality games', 'immersive games', 'advanced hardware', 'European-made devices', 'dystopian future', 'strategic partnership', 'Ultra', 'METAVISIO', 'Mankind', 'AoM', 'Empires', 'Citadels', 'creation', 'trading', 'cosmetics', 'gameplay', 'CEO', 'Netflix', 'collaboration', 'consumers', 'seamless', 'box', 'approach', 'changes', 'Founder', 'goal', 'technology', 'users', 'advantage', 'alliance', 'commitment', 'norms', 'forefront', 'pride', 'strength', 'way', 'France', 'development', 'venture', 'status', 'vision', 'partnerships', 'funds']",2025-01-09,2025-01-09,egamers.io
48078,EuroNext,Bing API,https://uk.finance.yahoo.com/news/abivax-achieves-key-milestone-phase-163500339.html,Abivax Achieves Key Milestone in Phase 3 ABTECT Trial Enrollment,Abivax Achieves Key Milestone in Phase 3 ABTECT Trial Enrollment Phase 3 ABTECT Trial evaluating obefazimod for moderately to severely active ulcerative colitis (“UC”) reaches 1 003 of 1 224 participants ,AbivaxAbivax Achieves Key Milestone in Phase 3 ABTECT Trial EnrollmentPhase 3 ABTECT Trial evaluating obefazimod for moderately to severely active ulcerative colitis (“UC”) reaches 1 003 of 1 224 participants  representing 82% of target enrollment. Enrollment completion expected in Q2 2025.Top-line results for the 8-week induction trial anticipated in Q3 2025  with 44-week maintenance data on track for Q2 2026 and  if successful  NDA submission planned for H2 2026.Blinded baseline characteristics align with pre-specified target population and consistent with Phase 2b UC trialCash runway through ABTECT induction trial readout and into Q4 2025PARIS  France – January 9  2025 – 5:35 PM CET – Abivax SA (Euronext Paris: FR0012333284 – ABVX / Nasdaq: ABVX) (“Abivax” or the “Company”)  a clinical-stage biotechnology company developing innovative therapies to address chronic inflammatory diseases  today announced a significant milestone in the Phase 3 ABTECT clinical trial evaluating obefazimod for the treatment of moderately to severely active UC.Marc de Garidel  Chief Executive Officer of Abivax  commented: “We are thrilled to announce that the ABTECT Phase 3 trial has reached a significant milestone  with over 1 000 participants enrolled  representing 82% of our targeted enrollment. This progress underscores the enthusiasm of investigators and patients for this important trial  which remains among the fastest-enrolling Phase 3 UC trials to date.”Mr. de Garidel went on to say  “In order to ensure a balanced representation of bio-naïve and bio-experienced participants amid heightened competition in UC trial recruitment  we now anticipate completing enrollment in Q2 2025 and delivering top-line results for the 8-week induction trial in Q3 2025. With the ABTECT trial  we aim to validate the value of obefazimod as a potentially first-in-class safe and effective oral treatment option  which remains a significant unmet need for patients with UC.”Looking Ahead to 2025With Phase 3 enrollment nearing completion and key data readouts on the horizon  the Company believes 2025 is shaping up to be a pivotal year. Beyond the ABTECT trial  the Company is advancing its broader portfolio to address chronic inflammatory conditions that affect millions worldwide.Didier Blondel  Chief Financial Officer of Abivax  added: “Without the need for additional financing  our cash runway extends beyond the expected top-line results from the ABTECT induction trial and into Q4 2025  ensuring we remain well-positioned to execute our strategy.”ABTECT Phase 3 UpdateStory continues,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,positive,0.79,0.21,0.0,True,English,"['Phase 3 ABTECT Trial Enrollment', 'Key Milestone', 'Abivax', 'effective oral treatment option', 'enrolling Phase 3 UC trials', 'ABTECT induction trial readout', 'Phase 3 ABTECT clinical trial', 'Phase 2b UC trial', 'Phase 3 ABTECT Trial Enrollment', '8-week induction trial', 'ABTECT Phase 3 trial', 'ABTECT Phase 3 Update', '44-week maintenance data', 'Blinded baseline characteristics', 'chronic inflammatory diseases', 'Marc de Garidel', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'Mr. de Garidel', 'chronic inflammatory conditions', 'Chief Financial Officer', 'active ulcerative colitis', 'specified target population', 'UC trial recruitment', 'key data readouts', 'clinical-stage biotechnology company', 'significant unmet need', 'Phase 3 enrollment', 'active UC', 'important trial', 'Key Milestone', 'target enrollment', 'significant milestone', 'Top-line results', 'NDA submission', 'Cash runway', 'innovative therapies', 'balanced representation', 'bio-naïve', 'pivotal year', 'broader portfolio', 'Didier Blondel', 'additional financing', 'Enrollment completion', 'Euronext Paris', 'bio-experienced participants', 'Abivax SA', '1,224 participants', '1,000 participants', 'obefazimod', 'Q2', 'Q3', 'track', 'H2', 'Q4', 'France', 'January', 'CET', 'ABVX', 'Nasdaq', 'targeted', 'progress', 'enthusiasm', 'investigators', 'patients', 'order', 'heightened', 'competition', 'value', 'class', 'safe', 'horizon', 'millions', 'strategy', 'Story', '1,003', '5:35']",2025-01-09,2025-01-09,uk.finance.yahoo.com
48079,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.finanznachrichten.de/nachrichten-2025-01/64252162-publicis-groupe-s-a-matt-mcnally-returns-to-publicis-groupe-to-spearhead-its-global-health-transformation-practice-399.htm,Publicis Groupe S.A.: Matt McNally returns to Publicis Groupe to spearhead its global health transformation practice,Matt McNally returns to Publicis Groupeto spearhead its global health transformation practice Former CEO of Omnicom Health Group rejoins Publicisas Global CEO of Publicis Health 9th January  2025,"Matt McNally returns to Publicis Groupeto spearhead its global health transformation practiceFormer CEO of Omnicom Health Group rejoins Publicisas Global CEO of Publicis Health9th January  2025 - Paris - Publicis Groupe [Euronext Paris FR0000130577  CAC 40] today announces the appointment of Matt McNally as Global CEO of Publicis Health.Most recently CEO of Omnicom Health Group  Matt will lead and connect Publicis' global health vertical  designing and implementing a shared vision and strategy for the company's healthcare and pharma agencies.Working in partnership with Stephen Farquhar  CEO Publicis Health US  and the global leadership  Matt will be responsible for leading this team to deliver health marketing transformation for clients  through solutions that are grounded in Publicis' unmatched 1P identities  activated across the industry's only connected media ecosystem  and linked to Publicis Sapient technology.Matt is widely recognized as one of the most innovative leaders in healthcare  with a proven record of driving results for major holding companies and networks on behalf of some of the world's biggest clients. He has been inducted into the DTC Hall of Fame  named Agency Marketer of the Year  and received the Pinnacle award for his impact on healthcare marketing community. He previously spent 14 years at Publicis  where he helped create and launch Publicis Health Media and served as Group President and Chief Media Officer  overseeing several of the company's flagship healthcare agencies and media transformation for Publicis' largest pharmaceutical clients.Matt will be based in New York and report directly to Arthur Sadoun  CEO of Publicis Groupe.""I couldn't be happier to welcome Matt back home. At a time when the health and pharmaceutical sectors are undergoing profound change  driven by technological revolutions  new patient needs  and regulations  we've been busy building the industry's most innovative health vertical  helping them transform through solutions with COREAI at the heart  fuelled by intelligent creativity and brought to life through the most relevant new media channels. Thanks to all the work done by Stephen in the US and the teams around the world  I know with Matt's leadership we will go even faster and further in redefining the category with our clients"" said Arthur Sadoun  CEO Publicis Groupe.""I can't wait to start work with the outstanding teams at Publicis Health and take on this new role leading the efforts to deliver transformative health marketing solutions for our clients. By leveraging our unique data  connected media ecosystem  and advanced technology  and infusing them with deep health and pharma expertise  we're not just keeping pace with the industry - we're setting a new standard. It's how we will accelerate our clients' transformation journeys  helping them achieve meaningful results faster and more effectively than ever before"" commented Matt McNally  Global CEO Publicis Health.About Publicis Groupe - The Power of OnePublicis Groupe [Euronext Paris FR0000130577  CAC 40] is a global leader in communication. The Groupe is positioned at every step of the value chain  from consulting to execution  combining marketing transformation and digital business transformation. Publicis Groupe is a privileged partner in its clients' transformation to enhance personalization at scale. The Groupe relies on ten expertise concentrated within four main activities: Communication  Media  Data and Technology. Through a unified and fluid organization  its clients have a facilitated access to all its expertise in every market. Present in over 100 countries  Publicis Groupe employs around 103 000 professionals.www.publicisgroupe.com | Twitter | Facebook | LinkedIn | YouTube | Instagram | Viva la Difference!Contacts Publicis GroupeAmy Hadfield Director of Global Communications + 33 (0)1 44 43 70 75 amy.hadfield@publicisgroupe.comMichelle McGowan Corporate Communications + 1 312 315 5259 michelle.mcgowan@publicisgroupe.comEleanor Conroy Corporate Communications + 447736746466 eleanor.conroy@publicisgroupe.com",neutral,0.07,0.93,0.0,mixed,0.65,0.16,0.19,True,English,"['global health transformation practice', 'Publicis Groupe S.A.', 'Matt McNally', 'relevant new media channels', 'Michelle McGowan Corporate Communications', 'Eleanor Conroy Corporate Communications', 'global health transformation practice', 'transformative health marketing solutions', ""Publicis' global health vertical"", 'unmatched 1P identities', 'major holding companies', 'four main activities', 'innovative health vertical', 'connected media ecosystem', 'Chief Media Officer', 'digital business transformation', 'new patient needs', 'health marketing transformation', 'Omnicom Health Group', 'healthcare marketing community', 'Amy Hadfield Director', 'Publicis Health Media', 'flagship healthcare agencies', ""clients' transformation journeys"", 'largest pharmaceutical clients', 'Publicis Sapient technology', 'Publicis Health US', 'CEO Publicis Groupe', 'Global Communications', 'media transformation', 'deep health', 'Group President', 'New York', 'new role', 'new standard', 'pharma agencies', 'innovative leaders', 'pharmaceutical sectors', 'global leader', 'Global CEO', 'The Groupe', '9th January', 'proven record', 'driving results', 'DTC Hall', 'Pinnacle award', 'Arthur Sadoun', 'profound change', 'technological revolutions', 'intelligent creativity', 'advanced technology', 'meaningful results', 'The Power', 'value chain', 'privileged partner', 'fluid organization', 'Former CEO', 'biggest clients', 'Euronext Paris', 'pharma expertise', 'ten expertise', 'Stephen Farquhar', 'outstanding teams', 'unique data', 'Matt McNally', 'leadership', 'CAC', 'appointment', 'shared', 'vision', 'strategy', 'company', 'partnership', 'industry', 'networks', 'behalf', 'world', 'Fame', 'Marketer', 'Year', 'impact', 'time', 'regulations', 'COREAI', 'heart', 'life', 'category', 'efforts', 'pace', 'consulting', 'execution', 'personalization', 'scale', 'unified', 'access', '100 countries', '103,000 professionals', 'publicisgroupe', 'Twitter', 'Facebook', 'LinkedIn', 'YouTube', 'Instagram', 'Difference', 'Contacts', '33']",2025-01-06,2025-01-09,finanznachrichten.de
