UID,Searchword,API,URL,Title,Summary,Article,Title_Sentiment,Title_Positive,Title_Neutral,Title_Negative,Article_Sentiment,Article_Positive,Article_Neutral,Article_Negative,Verified,Language,Topics,Date,Load_Date,Source
40058,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/FLATEXDEGIRO-AG-31637144/news/FlatexDEGIRO-Separate-Non-Financial-Group-Report-for-the-2023-financial-year-46557797/,FlatexDEGIRO : Separate Non-Financial Group Report for the 2023 financial year,(marketscreener.com)   2023   Non-financial report      Content      Foreword by the Management Board     3     ...https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/FLATEXDEGIRO-AG-31637144/news/FlatexDEGIRO-Separate-Non-Financial-Group-Re…,"2023 Non-financial reportContent Foreword by the Management Board 3 Business model of the Group 6 New definition of operating segments 7 Core business online brokerage 8 Goals and strategies 10 Legal framework of the separate  non-financial Group report 14 Sustainability management 14 Materiality analysis 17 Sustainability strategy 19 Corporate governance and compliance 25 Business ethics 25 Compliance 27 Taxes 31 Customers and products 34 Data protection and security 34 Customer orientation 35 Innovative products and services 38 Promotion of sustainable investment 39 Employees 42 Training and education 46 Health protection 48 Employee satisfaction 50 Environment 55 Energy and emissions 55 Reporting according to Article 8 of the EU Taxonomy Regulation 60 Social responsibility 69 Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) 72 GRI content index 73 flatexDEGIRO AG | Non-financial report 2023Foreword by the Management Board Foreword by the Management Board Dear shareholders  dear friends of flatexDEGIRO AG  We can be justifiably proud of what we as team at flatexDEGIRO have achieved in the past months. So on behalf of the entire Management Board and Supervisory Board  we would also like to take this opportunity to express our thanks and appreciation to all our 1 300 colleagues at flatexDEGIRO. We overcame difficult economic conditions together and made 2023 another successful year. In a time overshadowed by unparalleled global challenges  flatexDEGIRO is working to build a sustainable future for our company - to the benefit of our stakeholders. Our work goes beyond financial success and encompasses a strong commitment to ecological and social responsibility. We have further consolidated our strong position in the European market  acquired approx. 340 000 new customer accounts (previous year: 460 000) and increased our total customer base to more than 2.7 million private investors. In our main core markets  we have now passed the mark of 750 000 customer accounts in the Netherlands  500 000 customer accounts in Germany and 250 000 customer accounts in Austria. Our broad-based growth improves the geographic diversification of our business model and reduces risks. As a leader in the European online brokerage market  we are aware of our responsibility when it comes to providing accessible  sustainable financial solutions. We know how crucial a role long-term investment can play in safeguarding financial wealth. Our commitment to financial education is not only a key aspect of our mandate but also a strategic imperative. Cooperative ventures with partners such as LINDA.  The Next Women  Dutchess Capital and events like ""Female Finance"" are representative of our drive to improve the proportion of female investors in the market. At the same time  the ""Anyone Can Invest!"" initiative launched in 2023 is actively breaking down barriers and promoting a culture more heavily geared towards diversity. The long-term entrepreneurial success of flatexDEGIRO is predicated on the expertise  dedication  and flexibility of our employees. Our commitment to promoting a diverse  dynamic workplace and developing our HR policies are reflected in the positive results of our annual Group-wide employee survey  not to mention a series of external awards including the ""Top Employer"" seal. It is also underlined by the best rating of all online brokers on the German employer rating platform kununu. We strive to create a workplace that gives our team the flatexDEGIRO AG | Non-financial report 2023 3Foreword by the Management Board space it needs to grow. Our gratitude and respect go to all employees who have helped drive the success of the Group through their dedication and consistent focus. The expansion and diversification of our Supervisory Board and Management Board will empower us to overcome new challenges and seize opportunities in the constantly changing European market. Our commitment to sustainable development is not merely a promise  but a continuous process. We are proud to be part of the Global Compact Initiative of the United Nations and to be guided by its principles in the fields of human rights  labour standards  environmental protection  and the prevention of corruption. This obligation reflects our vision of a more inclusive and more sustainable global economy. We have set ambitious goals for the year 2024. We want to increase the proportion of suppliers who adhere to our Business Partner Code of Conduct to at least 40%  maintain a high level of training and accelerate the electrification of our vehicle fleet to embrace the latest advancements in sustainable practices. Yours sincerely  Frank Niehage  LL.M. Dr Benon Janos CEO CFO Stephan Simmang Christiane Strubel CTO CHRO flatexDEGIRO AG | Non-financial report 2023 4Business model of the GroupBusiness model of the Group | New definition of operating segments Business model of the Group In the area of financial services and financial technology  flatexDEGIRO AG and its subsidiaries offer online brokerage and IT solutions for banking and securities with high standards of security  performance and quality. The focus of our business activities is online brokerage. flatexDEGIRO considers itself to be one of the largest retail online brokers in Europe in terms of geographic scope and the number of transactions settled and customers serviced. The Group's parent company is flatexDEGIRO AG  a European provider of financial technologies. Its business activities consist of the development  supply  and operation of future-proof and efficient IT solutions for the settlement of securities and payment transactions. This mainly comprises the supply and operation of the IT infrastructure for private customers of the flatexDEGIRO Group  which guarantees the settlement of customer transactions in 16 European countries. As at the reporting date  flatexDEGIRO AG has business operations at nine locations in Germany and one site each in the Netherlands  Great Britain  Austria and Bulgaria. The flatexDEGIRO Group employed an annual average of 1 285 employees (previous year: 1 219). flatexDEGIRO AG | Non-financial report 2023 6Business model of the Group | New definition of operating segments New definition of operating segments flatexDEGIRO AG is required by IFRS 8 to report on its operating segments. The type of segmentation is based on the management approach. Segments are components of a company for which separate financial information is available. This information is regularly analysed by the Management Board and by management as part of the allocation of resources and the assessment of performance. flatexDEGIRO AG was previously divided into the FIN (Financial Services) and TECH (Technologies) business segments. The Financial Services segment mainly comprised the activities of flatexDEGIRO Bank AG  which divided its commercial activities into the Online Brokerage  Non-Brokerage  and Credit & Treasury divisions. The TECH segment comprised the operating IT business of flatexDEGIRO AG  consisting of the development  production  distribution and maintenance of software  hardware and IT infrastructures. The core product of flatexDEGIRO AG is the flatex Core Banking System (abbreviated to FTX:CBS). One consequence of the merger between DeGiro B.V. and flatexDEGIRO Bank AG was a strategic focus on the core online brokerage business. As a result  the management of the flatexDEGIRO Group increasingly concentrates on the FIN operating segment. This was taken as an opportunity to redefine the operating segments. The new classification divides the operating segments into ""flatex"" and ""DEGIRO"". IT services at flatexDEGIRO AG and Xervices GmbH are not assigned to individual segments  but are allocated to these segments. Segment ""flatex"" The operating segment ""flatex"" includes the online brokerage activities under the flatex brand and the activities under the ViTrade brand for which no separate segment was formed for reasons of materiality (the criteria for operating segments were not met). In geographic terms  the core online brokerage business under the flatex brand and the ViTrade brand relates to Germany and Austria. The operating segment ""flatex"" continues to include that part of the business activities from Credit Treasury of flatexDEGIRO Bank AG that does not relate to DEGIRO. This reflects the investment business and the conservative lending business under the flatex brand and the ViTrade brand  which as a rule takes place on a secured basis. Of secondary importance are the business activities related to ""Business Process Outsourcing"" and the securities settlement services and fully automated transaction settlement services (General Clearing Member  GCM) offered as an outsourcing solution. Segment ""DEGIRO"" The operating segment ""DEGIRO"" comprises the online brokerage activities under the DEGIRO brand and the part of the business activities from Credit & Treasury accounted for by the DEGIRO brand. This reflects the investment business and the conservative lending business under the DEGIRO brand  which as a rule takes place on a secured basis. flatexDEGIRO AG | Non-financial report 2023 7Business model of the Group | Core business online brokerage In geographic terms  the operating segment ""DEGIRO"" currently relates to 15 countries in Europe: the Netherlands  Spain  Portugal  France  Germany  Italy  Switzerland  Ireland  Great Britain  Denmark  Sweden  Finland  Poland  Czech Republic  and Greece. Core business online brokerage With flatex  ViTrade (""flatex"" segment) and DEGIRO (""DEGIRO"" segment)  three established and successful online broker brands belong to flatexDEGIRO. All brands specialise in the execution- only securities business and target traders and investors who trade autonomously. The Company's successful growth means that an increasingly broad customer base is targeted. Trading services are available for all types of securities with access to all German and many international exchanges  as well as over-the-counter direct trading. Our brands reflect online broker businesses without physical branches. They provide customers with a number of different trading platforms and access options for trading in securities products. These access options are continuously improved with the aim of offering an excellent customer experience and reaching additional groups of customers. Customers can trade stocks  ETFs (exchange-traded funds)  ETPs (exchange-traded products) and many other products online  both at exchanges and over the counter. The Group also cooperates with numerous direct trading partners. In addition to one-off investments in securities  customers can set up savings plans with ETFs and other funds. An average of 22 transactions per customer account in 2023 attests to the active customer base of flatexDEGIRO  although trading activities declined year on year across the industry due to the market environment. The success of our online brokerage business was further driven by the Group's transparent pricing model  which focuses on cost-effective pricing  the comprehensive and independent product portfolio  and the stable  convenient  and customer-focused platforms. The Group's brokerage business received accolades in numerous publications throughout Europe in the past financial year (see Customer satisfaction and customer feedback  p. 36). Credit & Treasury (C&T) As a by-product of the online brokerage business  the Group holds over EUR 3.6 billion in customer funds as of 31 December 2023. Interest rates  especially the European Central Bank's (ECB) deposit facility rate  increased again significantly over the past financial year. The ECB raised the interest rate on the deposit facility in several steps from 2.0 % in December 2022 to 4.0 % in September 2023. In combination with the customer deposits  most of which are deposited with the Deutsche Bundesbank and on which no interest is paid to customers  the higher interest rates generate significant earnings contribution for flatexDEGIRO. flatexDEGIRO Bank AG already significantly revised its credit strategy in the 2021 reporting year and placed the focus on low-risksecurities-backed credit business (margin-loans). The remaining loan portfolio was gradually reduced through maturity or redemption. This also includes the factoring portfolio. The supplementary property financing offered as a treasury substitute was also strategically discontinued at year-end 2022. The treasury department pursues a broad diversification of money and capital investments  including overnight and fixed-term deposits  bank and government bonds  cash loans and mortgage bonds as well as UCITS (Undertakings for Collective Investment in Transferable Securities) and special funds (Alternative Investment Funds  ""AIFs""). Under the internal flatexDEGIRO AG | Non-financial report 2023 8Business model of the Group | Core business online brokerage investment guideline  the management of interest-bearing own investments is based on the respective current business and medium-term planning as well as a regular review of target achievement during the year. The protection of invested capital is the primary focus. In the 2023 reporting year  flatexDEGIRO added ESG exclusions to its investment guidelines. The revised investment guidelines apply to all financing and investment activities as well as engagements directly linked to the following sectors in a broader sense. This includes the following sectors: Metals and mining industryOil and gas industryHydroelectric power stationsForestry and agriculture (including palm oil)Arms industry There is currently no activity in these sectors. SEGMENT ""FLATEX"" Core business online brokerage The flatex segment has two established and successful online broker brands in flatex and ViTrade  which are both active in Germany and Austria. Both brands specialise in the execution-only securities business and target traders and investors who trade autonomously. flatex brand Under the flatex brand the Group offers execution-only securities transactions in Germany and Austria. The offering aims at independent traders and investors who make their own decisions. It covers all types of securities and provides access to all German and many international exchanges  as well as over-the-counter direct trading  mainly of stocks  ETPs and ETFs. Our services focus on a transparent pricing model and a product range independent of banks  as well as customer-focused services. ViTrade brand The ViTrade trading boutique offers services for professional traders that are distinguished by special conditions dependent on the trading volume and product  professional trading platforms and individual customer service. Customers are also given the opportunity to engage in covered short selling of selected stocks and bonds traded in Germany. In addition  ViTrade offers ""trading lines""  which enable customers to use capital even more effectively. ViTrade has a standard pricing model that consists of a percentage commission rate of 0.09% of the quoted price (plus exchange fees). Securities settlement flatexDEGIRO Bank AG has accounts with the central securities depositories Clearstream and Euroclear for share and securities transactions. This allows flatexDEGIRO Bank AG to carry out the securities settlement of its own transactions. flatexDEGIRO Bank AG also has the status of General Clearing Member at Eurex Clearing for the stocks and securities business. This connects brokers and securities businesses to the securities settlement processes. Existing non-brokerage business Within the non-brokerage business area  flatexDEGIRO Bank AG offers its partners the product range of a full bank as an outsourcing solution. The bank does not take on a role externally but flatexDEGIRO AG | Non-financial report 2023 9",neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,mixed,0.7,0.21,0.09,True,English,"['Separate Non-Financial Group Report', '2023 financial year', 'FlatexDEGIRO', 'LL.M. Dr Benon Janos CEO CFO Stephan Simmang Christiane Strubel CTO CHRO flatexDEGIRO AG', 'German employer rating platform kununu', 'annual Group-wide employee survey', '7 Core business online brokerage', 'accessible, sustainable financial solutions', 'European online brokerage market', 'operating segments Business model', 'separate, non-financial Group report', 'Top Employer"" seal', 'main core markets', 'EU Taxonomy Regulation', 'difficult economic conditions', 'The Next Women', 'Business Partner Code', 'unparalleled global challenges', '2.7 million private investors', 'sustainable global economy', 'total customer base', 'Global Compact Initiative', 'diverse, dynamic workplace', 'entire Management Board', 'Management Board space', '72 GRI content index', 'long-term entrepreneurial success', 'Global Reporting Initiative', '340,000 new customer accounts', 'best rating', '3 Business model', 'Employee satisfaction', 'online brokers', 'IT solutions', 'European market', '2023 Non-financial report', 'new challenges', 'Business ethics', '750,000 customer accounts', '500,000 customer accounts', '250,000 customer accounts', 'sustainable investment', 'sustainable future', 'long-term investment', 'female investors', 'sustainable development', 'sustainable practices', '34 Customer orientation', 'financial success', 'financial wealth', 'financial technology', 'Sustainability management', 'New definition', 'Supervisory Board', 'Legal framework', '14 Materiality analysis', 'Sustainability strategy', 'Corporate governance', 'Data protection', 'Health protection', 'Dear shareholders', 'dear friends', 'past months', 'strong position', 'broad-based growth', 'key aspect', 'strategic imperative', 'Cooperative ventures', 'Dutchess Capital', 'Female Finance', 'HR policies', 'positive results', 'external awards', 'consistent focus', 'continuous process', 'United Nations', 'human rights', 'labour standards', 'environmental protection', 'high level', 'vehicle fleet', 'latest advancements', 'Frank Niehage', 'high standards', 'financial education', 'financial services', 'Content Foreword', '60 Social responsibility', 'Innovative products', 'successful year', 'geographic diversification', 'same time', 'ambitious goals', 'strong commitment', '55 Reporting', 'strategies', 'compliance', '27 Taxes', 'Customers', 'security', 'Promotion', '39 Employees', 'Training', '50 Environment', '55 Energy', 'emissions', 'Article', 'team', 'behalf', 'opportunity', 'thanks', 'appreciation', '1,300 colleagues', 'company', 'benefit', 'stakeholders', 'ecological', 'previous', 'Netherlands', 'Germany', 'Austria', 'risks', 'leader', 'crucial', 'role', 'mandate', 'partners', 'LINDA.', 'events', 'drive', 'proportion', 'Anyone', 'barriers', 'culture', 'diversity', 'expertise', 'dedication', 'flexibility', 'series', 'gratitude', 'respect', 'expansion', 'opportunities', 'changing', 'promise', 'principles', 'fields', 'prevention', 'corruption', 'obligation', 'vision', 'inclusive', 'suppliers', 'Conduct', 'electrification', 'area', 'subsidiaries', 'banking', 'securities', '8', '10', '31', '35']",2024-04-27,2024-04-28,marketscreener.com
40059,Clearstream,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/FLATEXDEGIRO-AG-31637144/news/FlatexDEGIRO-Separate-Non-Financial-Group-Report-for-the-2023-financial-year-46557797/,FlatexDEGIRO : Separate Non-Financial Group Report for the 2023 financial year,(marketscreener.com)   2023   Non-financial report      Content      Foreword by the Management Board     3     ...https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/FLATEXDEGIRO-AG-31637144/news/FlatexDEGIRO-Separate-Non-Financial-Group-Re…,"2023 Non-financial reportContent Foreword by the Management Board 3 Business model of the Group 6 New definition of operating segments 7 Core business online brokerage 8 Goals and strategies 10 Legal framework of the separate  non-financial Group report 14 Sustainability management 14 Materiality analysis 17 Sustainability strategy 19 Corporate governance and compliance 25 Business ethics 25 Compliance 27 Taxes 31 Customers and products 34 Data protection and security 34 Customer orientation 35 Innovative products and services 38 Promotion of sustainable investment 39 Employees 42 Training and education 46 Health protection 48 Employee satisfaction 50 Environment 55 Energy and emissions 55 Reporting according to Article 8 of the EU Taxonomy Regulation 60 Social responsibility 69 Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) 72 GRI content index 73 flatexDEGIRO AG | Non-financial report 2023Foreword by the Management Board Foreword by the Management Board Dear shareholders  dear friends of flatexDEGIRO AG  We can be justifiably proud of what we as team at flatexDEGIRO have achieved in the past months. So on behalf of the entire Management Board and Supervisory Board  we would also like to take this opportunity to express our thanks and appreciation to all our 1 300 colleagues at flatexDEGIRO. We overcame difficult economic conditions together and made 2023 another successful year. In a time overshadowed by unparalleled global challenges  flatexDEGIRO is working to build a sustainable future for our company - to the benefit of our stakeholders. Our work goes beyond financial success and encompasses a strong commitment to ecological and social responsibility. We have further consolidated our strong position in the European market  acquired approx. 340 000 new customer accounts (previous year: 460 000) and increased our total customer base to more than 2.7 million private investors. In our main core markets  we have now passed the mark of 750 000 customer accounts in the Netherlands  500 000 customer accounts in Germany and 250 000 customer accounts in Austria. Our broad-based growth improves the geographic diversification of our business model and reduces risks. As a leader in the European online brokerage market  we are aware of our responsibility when it comes to providing accessible  sustainable financial solutions. We know how crucial a role long-term investment can play in safeguarding financial wealth. Our commitment to financial education is not only a key aspect of our mandate but also a strategic imperative. Cooperative ventures with partners such as LINDA.  The Next Women  Dutchess Capital and events like ""Female Finance"" are representative of our drive to improve the proportion of female investors in the market. At the same time  the ""Anyone Can Invest!"" initiative launched in 2023 is actively breaking down barriers and promoting a culture more heavily geared towards diversity. The long-term entrepreneurial success of flatexDEGIRO is predicated on the expertise  dedication  and flexibility of our employees. Our commitment to promoting a diverse  dynamic workplace and developing our HR policies are reflected in the positive results of our annual Group-wide employee survey  not to mention a series of external awards including the ""Top Employer"" seal. It is also underlined by the best rating of all online brokers on the German employer rating platform kununu. We strive to create a workplace that gives our team the flatexDEGIRO AG | Non-financial report 2023 3Foreword by the Management Board space it needs to grow. Our gratitude and respect go to all employees who have helped drive the success of the Group through their dedication and consistent focus. The expansion and diversification of our Supervisory Board and Management Board will empower us to overcome new challenges and seize opportunities in the constantly changing European market. Our commitment to sustainable development is not merely a promise  but a continuous process. We are proud to be part of the Global Compact Initiative of the United Nations and to be guided by its principles in the fields of human rights  labour standards  environmental protection  and the prevention of corruption. This obligation reflects our vision of a more inclusive and more sustainable global economy. We have set ambitious goals for the year 2024. We want to increase the proportion of suppliers who adhere to our Business Partner Code of Conduct to at least 40%  maintain a high level of training and accelerate the electrification of our vehicle fleet to embrace the latest advancements in sustainable practices. Yours sincerely  Frank Niehage  LL.M. Dr Benon Janos CEO CFO Stephan Simmang Christiane Strubel CTO CHRO flatexDEGIRO AG | Non-financial report 2023 4Business model of the GroupBusiness model of the Group | New definition of operating segments Business model of the Group In the area of financial services and financial technology  flatexDEGIRO AG and its subsidiaries offer online brokerage and IT solutions for banking and securities with high standards of security  performance and quality. The focus of our business activities is online brokerage. flatexDEGIRO considers itself to be one of the largest retail online brokers in Europe in terms of geographic scope and the number of transactions settled and customers serviced. The Group's parent company is flatexDEGIRO AG  a European provider of financial technologies. Its business activities consist of the development  supply  and operation of future-proof and efficient IT solutions for the settlement of securities and payment transactions. This mainly comprises the supply and operation of the IT infrastructure for private customers of the flatexDEGIRO Group  which guarantees the settlement of customer transactions in 16 European countries. As at the reporting date  flatexDEGIRO AG has business operations at nine locations in Germany and one site each in the Netherlands  Great Britain  Austria and Bulgaria. The flatexDEGIRO Group employed an annual average of 1 285 employees (previous year: 1 219). flatexDEGIRO AG | Non-financial report 2023 6Business model of the Group | New definition of operating segments New definition of operating segments flatexDEGIRO AG is required by IFRS 8 to report on its operating segments. The type of segmentation is based on the management approach. Segments are components of a company for which separate financial information is available. This information is regularly analysed by the Management Board and by management as part of the allocation of resources and the assessment of performance. flatexDEGIRO AG was previously divided into the FIN (Financial Services) and TECH (Technologies) business segments. The Financial Services segment mainly comprised the activities of flatexDEGIRO Bank AG  which divided its commercial activities into the Online Brokerage  Non-Brokerage  and Credit & Treasury divisions. The TECH segment comprised the operating IT business of flatexDEGIRO AG  consisting of the development  production  distribution and maintenance of software  hardware and IT infrastructures. The core product of flatexDEGIRO AG is the flatex Core Banking System (abbreviated to FTX:CBS). One consequence of the merger between DeGiro B.V. and flatexDEGIRO Bank AG was a strategic focus on the core online brokerage business. As a result  the management of the flatexDEGIRO Group increasingly concentrates on the FIN operating segment. This was taken as an opportunity to redefine the operating segments. The new classification divides the operating segments into ""flatex"" and ""DEGIRO"". IT services at flatexDEGIRO AG and Xervices GmbH are not assigned to individual segments  but are allocated to these segments. Segment ""flatex"" The operating segment ""flatex"" includes the online brokerage activities under the flatex brand and the activities under the ViTrade brand for which no separate segment was formed for reasons of materiality (the criteria for operating segments were not met). In geographic terms  the core online brokerage business under the flatex brand and the ViTrade brand relates to Germany and Austria. The operating segment ""flatex"" continues to include that part of the business activities from Credit Treasury of flatexDEGIRO Bank AG that does not relate to DEGIRO. This reflects the investment business and the conservative lending business under the flatex brand and the ViTrade brand  which as a rule takes place on a secured basis. Of secondary importance are the business activities related to ""Business Process Outsourcing"" and the securities settlement services and fully automated transaction settlement services (General Clearing Member  GCM) offered as an outsourcing solution. Segment ""DEGIRO"" The operating segment ""DEGIRO"" comprises the online brokerage activities under the DEGIRO brand and the part of the business activities from Credit & Treasury accounted for by the DEGIRO brand. This reflects the investment business and the conservative lending business under the DEGIRO brand  which as a rule takes place on a secured basis. flatexDEGIRO AG | Non-financial report 2023 7Business model of the Group | Core business online brokerage In geographic terms  the operating segment ""DEGIRO"" currently relates to 15 countries in Europe: the Netherlands  Spain  Portugal  France  Germany  Italy  Switzerland  Ireland  Great Britain  Denmark  Sweden  Finland  Poland  Czech Republic  and Greece. Core business online brokerage With flatex  ViTrade (""flatex"" segment) and DEGIRO (""DEGIRO"" segment)  three established and successful online broker brands belong to flatexDEGIRO. All brands specialise in the execution- only securities business and target traders and investors who trade autonomously. The Company's successful growth means that an increasingly broad customer base is targeted. Trading services are available for all types of securities with access to all German and many international exchanges  as well as over-the-counter direct trading. Our brands reflect online broker businesses without physical branches. They provide customers with a number of different trading platforms and access options for trading in securities products. These access options are continuously improved with the aim of offering an excellent customer experience and reaching additional groups of customers. Customers can trade stocks  ETFs (exchange-traded funds)  ETPs (exchange-traded products) and many other products online  both at exchanges and over the counter. The Group also cooperates with numerous direct trading partners. In addition to one-off investments in securities  customers can set up savings plans with ETFs and other funds. An average of 22 transactions per customer account in 2023 attests to the active customer base of flatexDEGIRO  although trading activities declined year on year across the industry due to the market environment. The success of our online brokerage business was further driven by the Group's transparent pricing model  which focuses on cost-effective pricing  the comprehensive and independent product portfolio  and the stable  convenient  and customer-focused platforms. The Group's brokerage business received accolades in numerous publications throughout Europe in the past financial year (see Customer satisfaction and customer feedback  p. 36). Credit & Treasury (C&T) As a by-product of the online brokerage business  the Group holds over EUR 3.6 billion in customer funds as of 31 December 2023. Interest rates  especially the European Central Bank's (ECB) deposit facility rate  increased again significantly over the past financial year. The ECB raised the interest rate on the deposit facility in several steps from 2.0 % in December 2022 to 4.0 % in September 2023. In combination with the customer deposits  most of which are deposited with the Deutsche Bundesbank and on which no interest is paid to customers  the higher interest rates generate significant earnings contribution for flatexDEGIRO. flatexDEGIRO Bank AG already significantly revised its credit strategy in the 2021 reporting year and placed the focus on low-risksecurities-backed credit business (margin-loans). The remaining loan portfolio was gradually reduced through maturity or redemption. This also includes the factoring portfolio. The supplementary property financing offered as a treasury substitute was also strategically discontinued at year-end 2022. The treasury department pursues a broad diversification of money and capital investments  including overnight and fixed-term deposits  bank and government bonds  cash loans and mortgage bonds as well as UCITS (Undertakings for Collective Investment in Transferable Securities) and special funds (Alternative Investment Funds  ""AIFs""). Under the internal flatexDEGIRO AG | Non-financial report 2023 8Business model of the Group | Core business online brokerage investment guideline  the management of interest-bearing own investments is based on the respective current business and medium-term planning as well as a regular review of target achievement during the year. The protection of invested capital is the primary focus. In the 2023 reporting year  flatexDEGIRO added ESG exclusions to its investment guidelines. The revised investment guidelines apply to all financing and investment activities as well as engagements directly linked to the following sectors in a broader sense. This includes the following sectors: Metals and mining industryOil and gas industryHydroelectric power stationsForestry and agriculture (including palm oil)Arms industry There is currently no activity in these sectors. SEGMENT ""FLATEX"" Core business online brokerage The flatex segment has two established and successful online broker brands in flatex and ViTrade  which are both active in Germany and Austria. Both brands specialise in the execution-only securities business and target traders and investors who trade autonomously. flatex brand Under the flatex brand the Group offers execution-only securities transactions in Germany and Austria. The offering aims at independent traders and investors who make their own decisions. It covers all types of securities and provides access to all German and many international exchanges  as well as over-the-counter direct trading  mainly of stocks  ETPs and ETFs. Our services focus on a transparent pricing model and a product range independent of banks  as well as customer-focused services. ViTrade brand The ViTrade trading boutique offers services for professional traders that are distinguished by special conditions dependent on the trading volume and product  professional trading platforms and individual customer service. Customers are also given the opportunity to engage in covered short selling of selected stocks and bonds traded in Germany. In addition  ViTrade offers ""trading lines""  which enable customers to use capital even more effectively. ViTrade has a standard pricing model that consists of a percentage commission rate of 0.09% of the quoted price (plus exchange fees). Securities settlement flatexDEGIRO Bank AG has accounts with the central securities depositories Clearstream and Euroclear for share and securities transactions. This allows flatexDEGIRO Bank AG to carry out the securities settlement of its own transactions. flatexDEGIRO Bank AG also has the status of General Clearing Member at Eurex Clearing for the stocks and securities business. This connects brokers and securities businesses to the securities settlement processes. Existing non-brokerage business Within the non-brokerage business area  flatexDEGIRO Bank AG offers its partners the product range of a full bank as an outsourcing solution. The bank does not take on a role externally but flatexDEGIRO AG | Non-financial report 2023 9",neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,mixed,0.7,0.21,0.09,True,English,"['Separate Non-Financial Group Report', '2023 financial year', 'FlatexDEGIRO', 'LL.M. Dr Benon Janos CEO CFO Stephan Simmang Christiane Strubel CTO CHRO flatexDEGIRO AG', 'German employer rating platform kununu', 'annual Group-wide employee survey', '7 Core business online brokerage', 'accessible, sustainable financial solutions', 'European online brokerage market', 'operating segments Business model', 'separate, non-financial Group report', 'Top Employer"" seal', 'main core markets', 'EU Taxonomy Regulation', 'difficult economic conditions', 'The Next Women', 'Business Partner Code', 'unparalleled global challenges', '2.7 million private investors', 'sustainable global economy', 'total customer base', 'Global Compact Initiative', 'diverse, dynamic workplace', 'entire Management Board', 'Management Board space', '72 GRI content index', 'long-term entrepreneurial success', 'Global Reporting Initiative', '340,000 new customer accounts', 'best rating', '3 Business model', 'Employee satisfaction', 'online brokers', 'IT solutions', 'European market', '2023 Non-financial report', 'new challenges', 'Business ethics', '750,000 customer accounts', '500,000 customer accounts', '250,000 customer accounts', 'sustainable investment', 'sustainable future', 'long-term investment', 'female investors', 'sustainable development', 'sustainable practices', '34 Customer orientation', 'financial success', 'financial wealth', 'financial technology', 'Sustainability management', 'New definition', 'Supervisory Board', 'Legal framework', '14 Materiality analysis', 'Sustainability strategy', 'Corporate governance', 'Data protection', 'Health protection', 'Dear shareholders', 'dear friends', 'past months', 'strong position', 'broad-based growth', 'key aspect', 'strategic imperative', 'Cooperative ventures', 'Dutchess Capital', 'Female Finance', 'HR policies', 'positive results', 'external awards', 'consistent focus', 'continuous process', 'United Nations', 'human rights', 'labour standards', 'environmental protection', 'high level', 'vehicle fleet', 'latest advancements', 'Frank Niehage', 'high standards', 'financial education', 'financial services', 'Content Foreword', '60 Social responsibility', 'Innovative products', 'successful year', 'geographic diversification', 'same time', 'ambitious goals', 'strong commitment', '55 Reporting', 'strategies', 'compliance', '27 Taxes', 'Customers', 'security', 'Promotion', '39 Employees', 'Training', '50 Environment', '55 Energy', 'emissions', 'Article', 'team', 'behalf', 'opportunity', 'thanks', 'appreciation', '1,300 colleagues', 'company', 'benefit', 'stakeholders', 'ecological', 'previous', 'Netherlands', 'Germany', 'Austria', 'risks', 'leader', 'crucial', 'role', 'mandate', 'partners', 'LINDA.', 'events', 'drive', 'proportion', 'Anyone', 'barriers', 'culture', 'diversity', 'expertise', 'dedication', 'flexibility', 'series', 'gratitude', 'respect', 'expansion', 'opportunities', 'changing', 'promise', 'principles', 'fields', 'prevention', 'corruption', 'obligation', 'vision', 'inclusive', 'suppliers', 'Conduct', 'electrification', 'area', 'subsidiaries', 'banking', 'securities', '8', '10', '31', '35']",2024-04-27,2024-04-28,marketscreener.com
40060,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.brecorder.com/news/40300625/eu-wheat-climbs-further-as-market-frets-on-dry-russia,EU wheat climbs further as market frets on dry Russia,PARIS: Euronext wheat extended a rally on Friday to reach its highest since December as traders grappled with weather charts suggesting little rain relief for a parched crop belt in top exporter Russia.,PARIS: Euronext wheat extended a rally on Friday to reach its highest since December as traders grappled with weather charts suggesting little rain relief for a parched crop belt in top exporter Russia.September wheat  the most active position on Paris-based Euronext  was 1.3% up at 234.50 euros ($250.28) a metric ton by 1527 GMT  putting it up 9% this week.The contract earlier hit its highest since Dec. 13 at 234.75 euros.After consolidating in morning trade  Euronext resumed its rally in step with Chicago wheat as weather updates appeared to show southern Russia would stay mostly dry and warm in the week ahead.There was also concern that showers in the central United States would miss part of top wheat growing state Kansas.“Dry and hot weather is mostly forecast for the south Russian wheat regions in the next two weeks which is not good news for crops which are in need of rain ” one German trader said. There were also crop worries in the European Union.The European Commission on Thursday cut its forecast for the EU’s main wheat crop in 2024/25 to a new four-year low  underscoring a drop in area after rain-disrupted planting.In France  the EU’s top wheat producer  the condition of soft wheat crops edged down last week to remain at a four-year low  data from farm office FranceAgriMer showed on Friday.Wheat markets were nonetheless being capped by ample short-term supplies being exported through the Black Sea.Russian 12.5% protein wheat for May Black Sea shipment was quoted at about $213 a ton FOB on Friday but with reports of trading around $216 a ton  traders said.A large Panamax-size shipment of Ukrainian 11.5% protein milling wheat for late May/early June shipment was offered for sale at $205 a ton FOB  the German trader said. Despite the war risk  Indonesian buyers were seeking offers for a large 50 000 ton shipment of Ukrainian 11.5% milling wheat for May/June shipment  he added.,neutral,0.12,0.8,0.08,negative,0.02,0.33,0.65,True,English,"['EU wheat', 'market frets', 'dry Russia', 'top wheat growing state Kansas', 'south Russian wheat regions', 'Ukrainian 11.5% protein milling wheat', 'May Black Sea shipment', 'Russian 12.5% protein wheat', 'Ukrainian 11.5% milling wheat', 'top wheat producer', 'central United States', 'next two weeks', 'ample short-term supplies', 'large Panamax-size shipment', 'parched crop belt', 'main wheat crop', 'The European Commission', 'little rain relief', 'one German trader', 'new four-year low', 'soft wheat crops', 'large 50,000 ton shipment', 'top exporter', 'September wheat', 'Chicago wheat', 'Wheat markets', 'late May', 'June shipment', 'Euronext wheat', 'crop worries', 'European Union', 'weather charts', 'active position', 'morning trade', 'weather updates', 'hot weather', 'good news', 'rain-disrupted planting', 'farm office', 'war risk', 'Indonesian buyers', 'Paris-based Euronext', 'southern Russia', 'ton FOB', 'rally', 'Friday', 'December', 'traders', '234.50 euros', 'metric', '1527 GMT', 'contract', 'Dec.', '234.75 euros', 'step', 'concern', 'showers', 'part', 'Dry', 'need', 'Thursday', 'forecast', 'drop', 'area', 'France', 'condition', 'data', 'reports', 'sale', 'offers']",2024-04-28,2024-04-28,brecorder.com
