UID,Searchword,API,URL,Title,Summary,Article,Title_Sentiment,Title_Positive,Title_Neutral,Title_Negative,Article_Sentiment,Article_Positive,Article_Neutral,Article_Negative,Verified,Language,Topics,Date,Load_Date,Source
32286,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://readwrite.com/top-10-product-development-companies-usa-2023/,Top 10 Product Development Companies of USA in 2023,There is hardly any part of our surroundings that does not interact with software in some way or another. New-age […]The post Top 10 Product Development Companies of USA in 2023 appeared first on ReadWrite.,There is hardly any part of our surroundings that does not interact with software in some way or another. New-age IoT devices  AI units  and NLP-run hardware and software applications are some of the elite examples of technology integration in day-to-day life. Another fine example of software-integrated environments is the virtual assistant Alexa  which responds in a human-like manner. It does so by a set of programs that are executed when different conditions are met. Reliable product developers and product development firms design such programs.There are as many as 21000 product development firms globally and 1 500 in the US alone. These firms help enterprises build robust software products integrated with new technologies and made with the latest development methods. The USA has one of the fastest growing markets for product development  and for businesses in the USA  it often becomes tiresome to choose from the huge list of options in the market. This is why we have curated a list of leading product development companies that are native and deliver service to clients in the USA.Top 10 Product Development Companies of the USAEach company listed below can be accessed using its name and dot com.OpenXcellFor several reasons  OpenXcell is at the top of our list of leading product development businesses. Its product development services use an end-to-end product development methodology to meet the unique business requirements of its clients. Their group of knowledgeable tech experts in product development contributes to creating dependable  safe  and user-friendly mobile and web applications. By creating ergonomic client experiences  digitally altering operations  and propelling development while upholding consistency across the whole organization  the organization fosters innovation. Its impressive clientele of over 700 and 1000+ completed projects attest to its caliber and tenacity.ReaktorStanding in second place  Reaktor is a reliable technology partner for new-age businesses. It delivers robust software solutions built under watchful and experienced coordinators and project managers. Reaktor’s product development practices have caught the attention of many brands for their innovation and versatility. The company contributes its success to a Nordic touch  a boutique approach to innovation  and complete dedication to any project of any size. With a tech team of 700+ developers  strategists  and designers  Reaktor has built its clientele spanning across Europe  North America  and Asia.Infinity WorksInfinity Works has also made it into the list of companies  mainly for its team of expert developers  software engineers  and consultants who can transform business workflows digitally. Since being established in 2014  Infinity Works has opened up offices in multiple cities such as Leeds  London  and Manchester  amongst others. The company has employed more than 650 expert technical engineers and has been recognized as the UK’s leading management consultant.DEPTNext on our list of top product development companies in the USA is DEPT  a full-service digital agency delivering pioneering product development and marketing services. Their end-to-end digital experiences are versatile and a crowd favorite. Google  KFC  Philips  Twitch  Audi  and eBay are a few of the brands the company has delivered solutions to. Dept has a highly professional team of 3500+ software engineers and tech experts across 30+ cities and five continents. It is known for providing quality software solutions globally and is dedicated to sustainability and giving back to the environment. In 2021  it was certified as a Climate Neutral and B Corporation Company.Beyondsoft Consulting Inc.When we talk about top product development companies  we cannot leave out Beyondsoft  as it has been a pioneer in offering top-notch IT services for the last 20 years. Cloud  big data and analytics  business process outsourcing  custom software solutions  digital enablement  test automation  and further software engineering and digital transformation services are some of these offerings. With a focus on innovation and pushing the boundaries of technology to address their clients’ most pressing problems  Beyondsoft is a diversely gifted team of professionals. They value their ties with their customers  and this customer-centric approach drives their success.ImprovingImproving is yet another excellent technology and marketing service provider that has made it to our list of leading product development companies in the USA. As a long-term supporter of Conscious Capitalism  the company is dedicated to delivering quality to all stakeholders while maintaining an excellent work culture. Services offered by this company include technology management  consulting  and training services across thirteen locations in the United States  Canada  and Mexico.Work & CoWork & Co company has also made it to our list of leading product development companies in the USA. Work&Co makes digital products that customers interact with daily. The company team of expert tech mavens are dedicated software engineers driven to innovate and deliver quality. Their products are developed under the watchful guidance of these experts who are part of the development and designing process from start to finish up till and even post-launch. The company involves its client directly in all the stages of the iterative development process based on fast prototyping  testing  and larger meetings. The company has offices in the United States  Europe  and Latin America  and its impressive client roster includes IKEA  Apple  Gatorade  and Givenchy among others.SoftServeNext on our list is SoftServe  a digital transformation company that advises and provides cutting-edge technology. The company aims to reveal  transform  accelerate  and optimize the way enterprises and software companies function on a day-to-day basis. With a wide area of expertise across multiple industries  including healthcare  retail  energy  financial services  and more  Softserve boasts a rich portfolio of end-to-end solutions that deliver innovation  quality  and speed to its many clients.OrganicAs a leading product development and marketing company  Organic assists international businesses in precisely identifying behaviors  trends  and results while forging strong bonds with their clientele. Established in 1993  Organic is a member of Omnicom Group Inc. and maintains offices in New York  San Francisco  Los Angeles  Detroit  and London.The company’s leading marketing communication firm  Omnicom (NYSE: OMC)  serves more than 5 000 customers in more than 100 nations.BJSSLastly  BJSS is also a leading product development service provider to watch out for. BJSS is a privately held IT and business consulting organization that has won the Queen’s Award for Enterprise and is considered among the best developments in the UK and USA. Its affordable SaaS solutions  in-depth market knowledge  unwavering dedication to quality  and extensive subject expertise have made it onto our list of top SaaS development firms. Founded in 1993  BJSS is a dependable delivery partner for the public and private sectors  with offices spread throughout London  New York  Leeds  Glasgow  and many more tier 1 cities. BJSS  a top provider of engineering and technology consulting services for businesses  counts Euroclear  Barclays  Xerox  and the BBC among its esteemed customers.ConclusionWhile compiling this list  we reviewed hundreds of US-based firms to identify ten of the best companies for product development. In this instance  we have considered client feedback in addition to the companies’ qualifications  prior work  positioning  and location.While some agencies also work in the IoT space  most concentrate on digital goods.Featured Image Credit: Photo by Pavel Danilyuk; Pexels; Thank you!,neutral,0.03,0.97,0.0,positive,0.82,0.17,0.01,True,English,"['Top 10 Product Development Companies', 'USA', 'clients’ most pressing problems', 'leading product development companies', 'Top 10 Product Development Companies', 'top product development companies', 'end product development methodology', 'leading product development businesses', 'product development practices', 'pioneering product development', 'leading management consultant', 'latest development methods', 'virtual assistant Alexa', 'fastest growing markets', '1000+ completed projects', 'product development firms', 'product development services', 'Reliable product developers', 'unique business requirements', 'business process outsourcing', 'New-age IoT devices', 'ergonomic client experiences', 'full-service digital agency', 'top-notch IT services', '650 expert technical engineers', 'expert tech maven', '3500+ software engineers', 'knowledgeable tech experts', 'reliable technology partner', 'robust software products', 'robust software solutions', 'custom software solutions', 'digital transformation services', 'marketing service provider', 'B Corporation Company', 'excellent work culture', 'Beyondsoft Consulting Inc', 'quality software solutions', 'expert developers', 'digital experiences', 'digital products', 'new-age businesses', 'marketing services', 'business workflows', 'excellent technology', 'technology management', 'software applications', 'software engineering', 'digital enablement', '700+ developers', 'training services', 'tech team', 'AI units', 'NLP-run hardware', 'elite examples', 'technology integration', 'fine example', 'software-integrated environments', 'different conditions', 'new technologies', 'several reasons', 'user-friendly mobile', 'web applications', 'second place', 'experienced coordinators', 'Nordic touch', 'boutique approach', 'complete dedication', 'North America', 'multiple cities', '30+ cities', 'five continents', 'Climate Neutral', 'last 20 years', 'big data', 'test automation', 'customer-centric approach', 'long-term supporter', 'Conscious Capitalism', 'thirteen locations', 'United States', 'professional team', 'gifted team', 'day life', 'impressive clientele', 'project managers', 'Work&Co', 'company team', 'The USA', 'huge list', 'Co company', 'many brands', 'surroundings', 'way', 'human', 'manner', 'set', 'programs', 'enterprises', 'options', 'name', 'dot', 'OpenXcell', 'group', 'operations', 'consistency', 'organization', 'innovation', 'caliber', 'tenacity', 'Reaktor', 'watchful', 'attention', 'versatility', 'success', 'size', 'strategists', 'designers', 'Europe', 'Asia', 'Infinity Works', 'consultants', 'offices', 'Leeds', 'London', 'Manchester', 'others', 'UK', 'DEPT', 'crowd', 'Google', 'KFC', 'Philips', 'Twitch', 'Audi', 'eBay', 'sustainability', 'Cloud', 'analytics', 'offerings', 'focus', 'boundaries', 'professionals', 'customers', 'Improving', 'stakeholders', 'Canada', 'Mexico']",2023-11-06,2023-11-07,readwrite.com
32287,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/DEUTSCHE-BANK-AG-56358396/news/Deutsche-Bank-Consent-Solicitation-45246714/,Deutsche Bank : Consent Solicitation -November 06  2023 at 05:07 am EST,(marketscreener.com)   RESULTS OF THE VOTE WITHOUT MEETING   THIS DOCUMENT IS IMPORTANT AND REQUIRES YOUR IMMEDIATE ATTENTION.   NOT FOR DISTRIBUTION IN OR INTO OR TO ANY JURISDICTION WHERE IT IS UNLAWFUL TO   PUBLISH OR DISTRIBUTE THIS DOCUMENT. …,"RESULTS OF THE VOTE WITHOUT MEETING THIS DOCUMENT IS IMPORTANT AND REQUIRES YOUR IMMEDIATE ATTENTION. NOT FOR DISTRIBUTION IN OR INTO OR TO ANY JURISDICTION WHERE IT IS UNLAWFUL TO PUBLISH OR DISTRIBUTE THIS DOCUMENT. Deutsche Bank AG Frankfurt am Main  Germany (the ""Issuer"") announces the results of the vote without meeting (Abstimmung ohne Versammlung) relating to the USD 1 250 000 000 Undated Non-cumulative Fixed to Reset Rate Additional Tier 1 Notes of 2014 issued by the Issuer (ISIN XS1071551474  Common Code 107155147 and German Securities Code (WKN) DB7XHW) (the ""Notes"") Frankfurt am Main  6 November 2023 This announcement highlights important information and will also be published in the Federal Gazette (Bundesanzeiger) on or about 8 November 2023. Holders of the Notes (each a ""Holder"") are advised to carefully read this announcement in its entirety. Unless stated otherwise  capitalised terms used  but not defined  herein will have the same meanings as assigned to them in the Invitation to Vote without Meeting (Consent Solicitation Memorandum) relating to the Notes  dated 11 October 2023 (the ""Invitation to Vote""). Result of the Vote without Meeting (Abstimmung ohne Versammlung) In the Invitation to Vote  the Issuer has requested the Holders to vote in a vote without meeting in accordance with Section 18 of the German Act on Debt Securities of 2009 (Schuldverschreibungsgesetz) (the ""SchVG"") during a voting period which ended at 24:00 (Frankfurt time) (end of the day) on 3 November 2023 (the ""Voting""). As Holders of Notes with a nominal value of more than 50% of the total nominal amount of the outstanding Notes participated in the Voting  the Voting was quorate. The Holders have adopted the proposed amendment to the terms and conditions of the Notes (the ""Terms and Conditions"") as set out Invitation to Vote with the required qualified majority. The Issuer has agreed to the resolution adopted by the Holders.An English language translation of the adopted resolution is set out as Annex 1to this announcement. The German language version of the resolution will be binding. No further resolutions were passed via the Voting. Right to Object and Contestation Right of Holders In accordance with the SchVG  each Holder who participated in the Voting may object to the results of the Voting within two weeks after the publication of this announcement in the Federal Gazette  which is expected to take place on 8 November 2023. Such objection must be made in writing and must be addressed to the Scrutineer: Notarin Karin Arnold Schlüterstraße 45 10707 Berlin Germany Fax: +49 30 214802268 Email: db-2023@arnold-anwaelte.de The Scrutineer will decide whether to sustain any objection to the results of the Voting. Each Holder further has the statutory right to contest the resolution adopted via the Voting within one month after the publication of this announcement in the Federal Gazette  which is expected to take place on 8 November 2023. A contestation claim can be based on a breach of law or the Terms and Conditions. Any Holder who participated in the Voting may only file a contestation claim if such Holder has objected to the results of the Voting as described above. An action for contestation must be brought before the Frankfurt Regional Court (Landgericht Frankfurt) and must be directed against the Issuer. Implementation of the Resolution The resolution adopted via the Voting will become effective as soon as: the statutory contestation period under the SchVG has expired (provided that no contestation proceedings are pending at that time); or if contestation proceedings have been commenced  after the termination or discontinuance of such proceedings  and the resolution regarding the amendment of the Terms and Conditions has been deposited with the common depositary for CBL and Euroclear and been attached to the global note representing the Notes pursuant to § 21 SchVG. Once the resolution becomes effective  it will be binding on all Holders and their successors and transferees  whether or not such Holders consented to the amendment or participated in the Voting. The Issuer intends to make a public announcement once the resolution becomes effective. Resolution Fee Once the Conditions for Implementation are fulfilled and the Amendment is effective  the Issuer will make a one-time cash payment equal to USD 1 000 per USD 200 000 principal amount to such Holders who have validly delivered a vote (yes  no or abstention) during the Voting Period (the ""Participating Holders"") in relation to the proposed Amendment (the ""Resolution Fee""). The Issuer intends to pay the Resolution Fee within five Business Days following the Resolution Effective Date. Should there be objection to the results of the Voting and/or should a contestation claim be filed with the Frankfurt Regional Court (Landgericht Frankfurt)  the payment of the Resolution Fee will 2+44 207 545 8011 Liability Management Team therefore be delayed until such proceedings have been concluded and the Amendment has become effective. The Resolution Fee will only be paid to Participating Holders who meet the conditions set out in the Consent Solicitation Memorandum. No Resolution Fee will be paid to Sanctions Restricted Persons. The Issuer reserves the right to refrain from paying the Resolution Fee in such cases where  in the opinion of the Issuer or its legal advisers  a payment would be unlawful. For each Participating Holder who voted through the Tabulation Agent  the Issuer will cause payment of the Resolution Fee to the Clearing System for delivery to Participating Holders. Payment to the Clearing System or to its order shall to the extent of amounts so paid constitute the discharge of the Issuer from its obligation to pay the Resolution Fee. Participating Holders who voted through the Tabulation Agent shall have no right to claim payment of the Resolution Fee in any other way of payment. Availability of further information. Questions regarding the results of the Voting can be addressed at the Issuer: Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft Mainzer Landstraße 11-17 60329 Frankfurt am Main Germany Telephone: Attention: DISCLAIMER This announcement must be read in conjunction with the Invitation to Vote. This announcement and the Invitation to Vote contain important information which should be read carefully. The Invitation to Vote should be consulted for additional information regarding the Voting. If any Holder is in any doubt as to the action it should take or is unsure of the impact of the result of the Voting  it should seek its own financial and legal advice  including as to any tax consequences  from its professional advisers. The distribution of this announcement and the Invitation to Vote in certain jurisdictions is restricted by law. Persons into whose possession this announcement or the Invitation to Vote comes should inform themselves about and observe any such restrictions. Persons distributing this announcement or the Invitation to Vote must satisfy themselves that it is lawful to do so. Any failure to comply with such restrictions may constitute a violation of the securities laws of the relevant country. 3Annex 1: Adopted Resolution (Convenience Translation) § 3 (2) of the Terms and Conditions currently reads as follows: Legally binding German text of the Terms English text of the Terms and Conditions and Conditions (convenience translation) Zinssatz . Der Zinssatz (der "" Zinssatz "") für jede Zinsperiode (wie nachstehend definiert) ist  sofern nachstehend nichts Abweichendes bestimmt wird  (a) für den Zeitraum vom Verzinsungsbeginn (einschließlich) bis zum Ersten Vorzeitigen Rückzahlungstag (wie in § 5 (4) definiert) (ausschließlich) ein fester Zinssatz in Höhe von 6 25 % per annum  und Unless expressly provided otherwise below  the Rate of Interest (the "" Rate of Interest "") for any Interest Period (as defined below) shall be for the period from the Interest Commencement Date (inclusive) to the First Call Date (as defined in § 5 (4)) (exclusive) a fixed rate of 6.25 per cent. per annum   and (b) für den Zeitraum ab dem Ersten (b) for the period from the First Call Date Vorzeitigen Rückzahlungstag (inclusive) the Reference Rate (as (einschließlich) der Referenzsatz (wie defined below) plus the initial credit nachstehend definiert) zuzüglich der spread of 4.358 per cent.1 per annum. ursprünglichen Kreditmarge in Höhe von 4 358 %1 per annum. ""Referenzsatz"" bezeichnet den auf halbjährlicher Basis ausgedrückten Swapsatz für USD-Swap-Transaktionen mit einer Laufzeit von 5 Jahren  ausgedrückt als jährliche Rate  der um 11.00 Uhr (Ortszeit New York) am maßgeblichen Zinsfeststellungtag auf der Reuters-Bildschirmseite ""ISDAFIX1"" (bzw. einer Nachfolgeseite) (die ""Bildschirmseite"") unter der Überschrift ""11:00 AM"" (wie diese Überschrift jeweils erscheint) angezeigt wird. Für den Fall  dass der Referenzsatz am maßgeblichen Zinsfeststellungstag nicht auf der Bildschirmseite angezeigt wird  bezeichnet der Referenzsatz den auf jährlicher Basis ausgedrückten Prozentsatz  der auf der Grundlage der 5-Jahres-Swapsatz-Angebotssätze ermittelt wird  die der Berechnungsstelle um ca. 11.00 Uhr (Ortszeit New York) am Zinsfeststellungstag von den Referenzbanken zur Verfügung gestellt werden. Falls mindestens drei ""Reference Rate"" means the 5 year semi-annual swap rate for USD swap transactions  expressed as an annual rate  as displayed on the Reuters screen ""ISDAFIX1"" (or any successor page) (the ""Screen Page"") under the heading ""11:00 AM"" (as such heading may appear from time to time) as at 11:00 a.m. New York time on the relevant Determination Date. In the event that the Reference Rate does not appear on the Screen Page on the relevant Determination Date  Reference Rate shall mean the percentage rate  expressed as an annual rate  determined on the basis of the 5 year Swap Rate Quotations provided by the Reference Banks to the Calculation Agent at approximately 11.00 a.m. New York time on the Determination Date. If at least three quotations are provided  the rate for that Determination Date will 1 1 Entspricht der ursprünglichen Kreditmarge (initial credit spread) im Zeitpunkt der Preisfindung. Equal to the initial credit spread at the time of pricing. 4Angebotssätze zur Verfügung gestellt werden  ist der Satz für den betreffenden Zinsfeststellungstag das arithmetische Mittel dieser Angebotssätze  wobei der höchste Angebotssatz (bzw. bei mehreren gleich hohen Angebotssätzen einer dieser höchsten Sätze) und der niedrigste Angebotssatz (bzw. bei mehreren gleich niedrigen Angebotssätzen einer dieser niedrigsten Sätze) unberücksichtigt bleiben. Falls nur zwei Angebotssätze zur Verfügung gestellt werden  ist der Referenzsatz das arithmetische Mittel der zur Verfügung gestellten Angebotssätze. Falls nur ein Angebotssatz zur Verfügung gestellt wird  ist der Referenzsatz der zur Verfügung gestellte Angebotssatz. Falls keine Angebotssätze zur Verfügung gestellt werden  ist der Referenzsatz der letzte halbjährliche Swap-Satz für USD- Swap-Transaktionen mit einer Laufzeit von 5 Jahren  der auf der Bildschirmseite verfügbar ist  ausgedrückt als eine jährliche Rate. ""5-Jahres-Swapsatz-Angebotssätze""bezeichnet das arithmetische Mittel der Geld- und Briefkurse für die halbjährliche Festzinsseite (berechnet auf der Grundlage eines Jahres mit 360 Tagen und zwölf Monaten mit je 30 Tagen) einer USD-Zinsswap-Transaktionfest gegen variabel (i) mit einer Laufzeit von 5 Jahren  die an dem betreffenden Zinsanpassungstag beginnt  (ii) in einem Betrag  der für eine einzelne Transaktion in dem betreffenden Markt zum jeweiligen Zeitpunkt  die mit einem anerkannten Händler guter Bonität im Swap-Markt abgeschlossen wird  repräsentativ ist  und (iii) mit einer variablen Zinsseite  die auf dem 6- Monats-USD LIBOR (berechnet auf der Grundlage der Anzahl der in einem Jahr mit 360 Tagen tatsächlich abgelaufenen Anzahl von Tagen) basiert. ""Referenzbanken"" bezeichnet fünf führende Swap- Händler im Interbankenmarkt. be the arithmetic mean of the quotations  eliminating the highest quotation (or  in the event of equality  one of the highest) and the lowest quotation (or  in the event of equality  one of the lowest). If only two quotations are provided  the Reference Rate will be the arithmetic mean of the quotations provided. If only one quotation is provided  the Reference Rate will be the quotation provided. If no quotations are provided  the Reference Rate will be equal to the last available 5 year semi-annual swap rate for USD swap transactions on the Screen Page  expressed as an annual rate. ""5 year Swap Rate Quotations"" means the arithmetic mean of the bid and offered rates for the semi-annualfixed leg (calculated on the basis of a 360-dayyear of twelve 30-daymonths) of a fixed- for-floatingUSD interest rate swap transaction which (i) has a term of 5 years commencing on the relevant Reset Date  (ii) is in an amount that is representative of a single transaction in the relevant market at the relevant time with an acknowledged dealer of good credit in the swap market and (iii) has a floating leg based on the 6-monthsUSD LIBOR rate (calculated on the basis of the actual number of days elapsed in a 360-dayyear). ""Reference Banks"" means five leading swap dealers in the interbank market. 5""Zinsanpassungstag"" bezeichnet den ""Reset Date"" means the First Call Date Ersten Vorzeitigen Rückzahlungstag und and any fifth anniversary of the jeden fünften Jahrestag des jeweils immediately preceding Reset Date. unmittelbar vorhergehenden Zinsanpassungstages. ""Zinsfestlegungstag"" bezeichnet in ""Determination Date"" means  in respect Bezug auf den Referenzsatz  der für den of the Reference Rate to be determined Zeitraum von einem Zinsanpassungstag in relation to the period from a Reset (einschließlich) bis zum nächstfolgenden Date (inclusive) to the next following Zinsanpassungstag (ausschließlich) Reset Date (exclusive)  the second festzustellen ist  den zweiten Business Day preceding the Reset Date Geschäftstag vor dem on which such period commences. Zinsanpassungstag  an dem dieser Zeitraum beginnt. ""Zinsperiode"" bezeichnet den ""Interest Period"" means the period from jeweiligen Zeitraum von dem the Interest Commencement Date Verzinsungsbeginn (einschließlich) bis (inclusive) to the first Interest Payment zum ersten Zinszahlungstag Date (exclusive) and thereafter from (ausschließlich) bzw. von jedem each Interest Payment Date (inclusive) Zinszahlungstag (einschließlich) bis zum to the next following Interest Payment jeweils darauffolgenden Date (exclusive). Zinszahlungstag (ausschließlich). 6The Holders resolve as follows: The Terms and Conditions of the Notes are amended as follows: § 3 (2) der Anleihebedingungen wird wie folgt § 3 (2) of the Terms and Conditions of the geändert: Notes is amended as follows: Rechtsverbindlicher deutscher Text der English text of the Terms and Conditions of Anleihebedingungen the Notes (convenience translation) Zinssatz . Der Zinssatz (der "" Zinssatz "") für (2) Interest Rate . Unless expressly provided jede Zinsperiode (wie nachstehend definiert) otherwise below  the Rate of Interest (the ist  sofern nachstehend nichts Abweichendes ""Rate of Interest"") for any Interest Period (as bestimmt wird  defined below) shall be (a) für den Zeitraum vom Verzinsungsbeginn (a) for the period from and including the Interest (einschließlich) bis zum Ersten Vorzeitigen Commencement Date to but excluding the Rückzahlungstag (wie in § 5 (4) definiert) First Call Date (as defined in § 5 (4)) a fixed (ausschließlich) ein fester Zinssatz in Höhe rate of 6.25 per cent. per annum; von 6 25 % per annum; (b) für jede Zinsperiode  die in den Zeitraum ab (b) for each Interest Period falling in the period dem Ersten Vorzeitigen Rückzahlungstag from and including the First Call Date to but (einschließlich) bis zum auf den 30. April 2025 excluding the Reset Date falling on 30 April fallenden Zinsanpassungstag 2025  4.789 per cent. per annum; and (ausschließlich) fällt  4 789 % per annum; und (c) für jede Zinsperiode  die an oder nach dem (c) for each Interest Period commencing on or auf den 30. April 2025 fallenden after the Reset Date falling on 30 April 2025  Zinsanpassungstag beginnt  die Summe aus the sum of (x) the Reference Rate (as defined (x) dem Referenzsatz (wie nachstehend below) for the relevant Reset Period (as definiert) für die relevante Reset-Periode und defined below) and (y) the initial credit spread (y) der ursprünglichen Kreditmarge in Höhe of 4.358 per cent.1 per annum. von 4 358 %2 per annum. ""Referenzsatz"" bezeichnet den auf jährlicher Basis ausgedrückten spread-angepassten Swapsatz für USD-Swap Transaktionen mit einer Laufzeit von 5 Jahren (der ""5-Jahres-Swapsatz"")  der von der ICE Benchmark Administration veröffentlicht und für den maßgeblichen Zinsfestlegungstag gegen 11.15 Uhr Ortszeit New York City (der ""Bestimmungszeitpunkt"")am maßgeblichen Zinsfestlegungstag auf der Bloomberg-Bildschirmseite ""USISOA05 Index"" (die ""Ursprüngliche Bildschirmseite"") oder  soweit anwendbar  einer Alternativen Bildschirmseite (wie nachstehend definiert) angezeigt wird. ""Reference Rate"" means the spread- adjusted swap rate for USD swap transactions with a tenor of 5 years  expressed as an annual rate (the ""5-yearSwap Rate"")  published by the ICE Benchmark Administration and as displayed on the Bloomberg screen ""USISOA05 Index"" (the ""Original Screen Page"") or  where applicable  on any Alternative Page (as defined below) for the relevant Determination Date at or around 11:15 a.m. New York City time (the ""Determination Time"") on the relevant Determination Date. 2 1 Entspricht der ursprünglichen Kreditmarge (initial credit spread) im Zeitpunkt der Preisfindung. Equal to the initial credit spread at the time of pricing. 7Für den Fall  dass am 10. Geschäftstag vordem Zinsfestlegungstag (der "" Bild- schirmseiten-Bestätigungstag "") der 5-Jahres-Swapsatz nicht auf der Ursprünglichen Bildschirmseite angezeigtwird  aber auf einer alternativen Bildschirmseite  die die Emittentin nach ihrem billigen Ermessen auswählt  so wird diese alternative Bildschirmseite in der Folge für die Bestimmung des Referenzsatzes genutzt; diese alternative Bildschirmseite kannihrerseits durch eine alternative Bildschirmseite ersetzt werden  soweit dieseursprünglich ausgewählte alternative Bildschirmseite den 5-Jahres-Swapsatz an einem nachfolgenden Bildschirmseiten- Bestätigungstag nicht anzeigt (jede dieserausgewählten Bildschirmseiten eine"" Alternative Bildschirmseite "" undzusammen mit der Ursprünglichen Bildschirmseite  die "" Bildschirmseite ""). Die Emittentin wird die Berechnungsstellehinsichtlich der Bestimmung einer Alternativen Bildschirmseite informieren und die Berechnungsstelle wird die Gläubiger über die Bestimmung einer Alternative Bildschirmseite in der Mitteilung des Zinssatzes und des Zinsbetrages gemäß § 11 informieren. If  on the 10th Business Day preceding the Determination Date (the "" Screen Page Confirmation Date "")  the 5-year Swap Rate is not displayed on the Original Screen Page but is available on an alternative page selected by the Issuer in its reasonable discretion  such alternative page will then be used going forward for the purpose of the determination of the Reference Rate but may be itself subject to a replacement with an alternative page if such initially selected alternative page does not display the 5-year Swap Rate on any subsequent Screen Page Confirmation Date (any such selected page an "" Alternative Page "" and  together with the Original Screen Page  the "" Screen Page ""). The Issuer will inform the Calculation Agent of the selection of an Alternative Page and the Calculation Agent will notify the Holders of the selection of the Alternative Page in the notification of Rate of Interest and Interest Amount in accordance with § 11. Für den Fall  dass der 5-Jahres-Swapsatz am maßgeblichen Zinsfestlegungstag nicht aufder Bildschirmseite angezeigt wird  bezeichnet ""Referenzsatz"" den auf jährlicher Basis ausgedrückten Prozentsatz  der auf derGrundlage der 5-Jahres-Swapsatz- Angebotssätze ermittelt wird  die derBerechnungsstelle im Rahmen derBestimmungsmethode von den Referenzbanken zur Verfügung gestelltwerden. Wenn nach derBestimmungsmethode keine 5-Jahres-Swapsatz-Angebotssätze zur Verfügung gestellt werden  ist der Referenzsatz der letzte auf jährlicher Basis ausgedrückte 5- Jahres-Swapsatz  der auf der Bildschirmseite angezeigt wurde (die "" Letzte Verfügbare Rate ""). In the event that the 5-year Swap Rate is not displayed on the Screen Page on the relevant Determination Date  ""Reference Rate"" shall mean the percentage rate  expressed as an annual rate  determined on the basis of the 5- year Swap Rate Quotations provided by the Reference Banks to the Calculation Agent based on the Determination Procedure as defined below. If under the Determination Procedure no 5-year Swap Rate Quotations are provided  the Reference Rate will be equal to the last available 5-year Swap Rate on the Screen Page  expressed as an annual rate ("" Last Available Rate ""). (f) Die Berechnungsstelle wird die Gläubiger in (f) The Calculation Agent will notify the Holders der Mitteilung des Zinssatzes und des in the notification of the Rate of Interest and 8Zinsbetrages gemäß § 11 über die Anwendung der Bestimmungsmethode und über die Angebotssätze  nicht jedoch über die Identität der Referenzbanken  und  soweit keine Angebotssätze genannt wurden  über die Letzte Verfügbare Rate informieren. Im Falle  dass die Emittentin feststellt  dass an oder vor dem BildschirmseitenBestätigungstag  der einemZinsfestlegungstag (der "" MaßgeblicheZinsfestlegungstag "") unmittelbar vorausgeht  ein Zinssatz-Ersetzungsgrund inBezug auf den 5-Jahres-Swapsatz eingetreten ist  hat die Maßgebliche Festlegende Stelle  falls sie gegenüber der Emittentin den Eintritt dieses Zinssatz- Ersetzungsgrunds bestätigt (sofern es sich bei der Maßgeblichen Festlegenden Stelle nicht um die Emittentin handelt)  nach ihrem billigen Ermessen (i) einen Ersatzzinssatz für den 5-Jahres-Swapsatz und Ersatzzinssatz-Anpassungen festzulegen und ihre Festlegungen der Emittentin und der Berechnungsstelle (sofern es sich bei diesen jeweils nicht um die Maßgebliche Festlegende Stelle handelt) unverzüglich mitzuteilen. the Interest Amount in accordance with § 11 of the operation of the Determination Procedure  of the quotations  if any  received  but not of the identity of the Reference Banks  and  in case no quotations were received  of the Last Available Rate. If the Issuer determines that a Rate Replacement Event has occurred in respect of the 5-year Swap Rate on or prior to a Screen Page Confirmation Date immediately preceding a Determination Date (the "" Relevant Determination Date "") and becomes effective on or prior to the RelevantDetermination Date  the Relevant Determining Party shall  provided that it confirms the occurrence of such Rate Replacement Event to the Issuer (where the Relevant Determining Party is not the Issuer)  determine in its reasonable discretion (i) a Replacement Rate for the 5-year Swap Rate and (ii) Replacement Rate Adjustments and promptly inform the Issuer and the Calculation Agent (in each case if not the Relevant Determining Party) of its determinations. Der (etwaige) in dieser Weise festgelegte Ersatzzinssatz ersetzt  unter Anwendung der Anpassungsspanne gemäß den Bestimmungen dieser Anleihebedingungen  den maßgeblichen 5-Jahres-Swapsatz  und diese Anleihebedingungen gelten des Weiteren für die Zwecke der Festlegung des Zinssatzes jeweils für die Zinsperiode in Bezug auf den Zinsfestlegungstag  der auf den Ersatzzinssatz-Festlegungstag fällt oder  falls auf diesen Tag kein Zinsfestlegungstag fällt  der unmittelbar auf den Tag des Ersatzzinssatz-Festlegungstags folgt  sowie jede nachfolgende Zinsperiode als durch die in dieser Weise festgelegten Ersatzzinssatz- Anpassungen abgeändert (vorbehaltlich des nachfolgenden Eintritts eines Zinssatz- Ersetzungsgrunds in Bezug auf den Ersatzzinssatz). Die Emittentin wird den Gläubigern so bald wie möglich nach dem Ersatzzinssatz-Festlegungstagden Ersatzzinssatz sowie die Ersatzzinssatz- The Replacement Rate  if any  so determined  subject to the application of the Adjustment Spread as set out in these Terms and Conditions  shall replace the 5-year Swap Rate and these Terms and Conditions shall be furthermore modified by the Replacement Rate Adjustments so determined for the purposes of determining the Rate of Interest in each case for the Interest Periods related to the Relevant Determination Date falling on or  if none  immediately following the Replacement Rate Determination Date and each Interest Period thereafter (subject to the subsequent occurrence of a Rate Replacement Event in respect of the Replacement Rate). The Issuer shall give notice to the Holder in accordance with § 11 of the Replacement Rate and the Replacement Rate Adjustments as soon as practicable after the Replacement Rate Determination Date and shall request the Clearing System to attach the documents 9",neutral,0.03,0.96,0.01,negative,0.03,0.32,0.65,True,English,"['Deutsche Bank', 'Consent Solicitation', 'November', '05', 'Notarin Karin Arnold Schlüterstraße', 'USD 1,250,000,000 Undated Non-cumulative Fixed', 'Deutsche Bank AG', 'Consent Solicitation Memorandum', 'English language translation', 'five Business Days', '8011 Liability Management Team', 'German language version', 'USD 200,000 principal amount', 'total nominal amount', 'Frankfurt Regional Court', 'one-time cash payment', 'Resolution Effective Date', 'Additional Tier 1 Notes', 'German Securities Code', 'statutory contestation period', 'The Resolution Fee', 'German Act', 'Common Code', 'nominal value', 'statutory right', 'IMMEDIATE ATTENTION', 'ISIN XS1071551474', 'important information', 'Federal Gazette', 'same meanings', 'qualified majority', 'two weeks', 'one month', 'contestation claim', 'Landgericht Frankfurt', 'common depositary', 'global note', 'Contestation Right', 'Frankfurt time', '10707 Berlin Germany', 'The Scrutineer', 'contestation proceedings', 'voting period', 'outstanding Notes', 'Such objection', 'capitalised terms', 'The Holders', 'Participating Holders', 'public announcement', 'The Issuer', 'RESULTS', 'VOTE', 'DOCUMENT', 'DISTRIBUTION', 'INTO', 'JURISDICTION', 'PUBLISH', 'DISTRIBUTE', 'Main', 'meeting', 'Abstimmung', 'Versammlung', 'Rate', 'WKN', 'DB7XHW', 'Bundesanzeiger', '8 November', 'entirety', 'Invitation', 'accordance', 'Section', 'Debt', 'Schuldverschreibungsgesetz', 'SchVG', '3 November', 'amendment', 'conditions', 'Annex', 'resolutions', 'publication', 'place', 'writing', 'Fax', 'Email', 'arnold-anwaelte', 'breach', 'law', 'action', 'Implementation', 'termination', 'discontinuance', 'CBL', 'Euroclear', 'successors', 'transferees', 'abstention', 'relation']",2023-11-06,2023-11-07,marketscreener.com
32288,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/NANOBIOTIX-11719039/news/NANOBIOTIX-Announces-the-Availability-of-a-Prospectus-in-Connection-with-Capital-Increases-Raising-T-45245415/,NANOBIOTIX Announces the Availability of a Prospectus in Connection with Capital Increases Raising Total Gross Proceeds of Approximately $50M and the Exercise by the Underwriters of the Over-Allotment Option for an Additional Amount of Approximately $3.6M,(marketscreener.com) PARIS and CAMBRIDGE  Mass.  Nov. 06  2023 -- NANOBIOTIX   a late-clinical stage biotechnology company pioneering physics-based approaches to expand treatment possibilities for patients with cancer  announces the availability of the listin…,PARIS and CAMBRIDGE  Mass.  Nov. 06  2023 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- NANOBIOTIX (Euronext: NANO – NASDAQ: NBTX – “Nanobiotix” or the “Company”)  a late-clinical stage biotechnology company pioneering physics-based approaches to expand treatment possibilities for patients with cancer  announces the availability of the listing prospectus approved by the French Financial Markets Authority (Autorité des Marchés Financiers – the “ AMF ”) under number 23-461  on November 3  2023  in the context of two share capital increases of an aggregate gross amount of approximately $50 million. million as well as the partial exercise of the over-allotment option granted to the underwriters by the Company for an additional amount of approximately $3.6M.The first share capital increase has been subscribed by qualified investors for an aggregate gross amount of approximately $30 million. This capital increase has been increased by an additional amount of approximately $3.6 million following the partial exercise of the over-allotment option. The second share capital increase has been subscribed by Johnson & Johnson Innovation - JJDC  Inc. (“JJDC”) for an aggregate gross amount of approximately $20.2 million.In accordance with the share purchase agreement entered into with the Company  JJDC undertook to subscribe for $25.0 million. To meet the applicable French foreign investment control rules  this amount was reduced such that JJDC will initially subscribe for this $20.2 million  resulting in an additional subscription to a share capital increase for an additional amount of approximately $4.8 million  following and subject to the approval of the French Ministry of Economy and Finance. This subscription would thus bring the funds raised by Nanobiotix to gross proceeds $55 million  prior to the exercise of the green shoe.The main characteristics of these two share capital increases are described in greater detail in the summary of the prospectus reproduced below.In accordance with article 6 of EU Delegated Regulation 2016/1052 of March 8  2016  Jefferies LLC  in its capacity as stabilizing agent on its own behalf and on behalf of the other underwriters  reports that no stabilization operation has been implemented. The stabilization period was terminated today.The listing prospectus approved by the AMF under number 23-461 comprises:the 2022 universal registration document filed by the Company with the AMF on April 24  2023 under number D.23-0332;the first amendment to the 2022 universal registration document filed by the Company with the AMF on November 1  2023 under number D.23-0332-A01;the second amendment to the 2022 universal registration document filed by the Company with the AMF on November 3  2023 under number D.23-0332-A02;a securities note; andthe summary of the prospectus (included in the securities note).These documents can be consulted on the Company’s website (www.nanobiotix.com) as well as on the AMF website (www.amf-france.org).About NANOBIOTIXNanobiotix is a late-stage clinical biotechnology company pioneering disruptive  physics-based therapeutic approaches to revolutionize treatment outcomes for millions of patients; supported by people committed to making a difference for humanity. The Company’s philosophy is rooted in the concept of pushing past the boundaries of what is known to expand possibilities for human life.Incorporated in 2003  Nanobiotix is headquartered in Paris  France and is listed on Euronext since 2012 and on the Nasdaq Global Select Market in New York City since December 2020. The Company has subsidiaries in  among other  Cambridge  Massachusetts (United States).Nanobiotix is the owner of more than 20 umbrella patents associated with three (3) nanotechnology platforms with applications in 1) oncology; 2) bioavailability and biodistribution; and 3) disorders of the central nervous system. The Company’s resources are primarily devoted to the development of its lead product candidate–NBTXR3—which is the product of its proprietary oncology platform and has been granted with a CE marking in Europe for the treatment of patients with soft tissue sarcoma under the brand name Hensify®.ContactsNanobiotixCommunications DepartmentBrandon OwensVP  Communications+1 (617) 852-4835contact@nanobiotix.comInvestor Relations DepartmentCraig WestSVP  Investor Relations+1 (617) 583-0211investors@nanobiotix.comMedia RelationsFrance – Ulysse CommunicationPierre-Louis Germain+ 33 (0)6 64 79 97 51plgermain@ulysse-communication.comGlobal – LifeSci AdvisorsLigia Vela-Reid+44 (0) 7413825310Lvela-reid@lifesciadvisors.comSpecial Note Regarding Forward-Looking StatementsThis press release contains “forward-looking” statements within the meaning of the “safe harbor” provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995  including  but not limited to  statements regarding the expected closing of the Global Offering and the Concurrent Private Placement  the use of proceed therefrom  and the period of time through which the Company’s anticipates its financial resources will be adequate to support operations. Words such as “expects ” “intends ” “can ” “could ”  “may ” “might ” “plan ” “potential ” “should ” and “will ” or the negative of these and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements  which are based on our management’s current expectations and assumptions and on information currently available to management. These forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks  uncertainties and other factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those implied by the forward-looking statements  including such as market conditions  risks related to the satisfaction of closing conditions in the underwriting agreement related to the Global Offering  and risks related to Nanobiotix’s business and financial performance  which include the risk that assumptions underlying the Company’s cash runway projections are not realized. Further information on the risk factors that may affect company business and financial performance is included in Nanobiotix’s Annual Report on Form 20-F filed with the SEC on April 24  2023 under “Item 3.D. Risk Factors”  in Nanobiotix’s half-year report  which was filed with the SEC on Form 6-K and with the AMF on September 26  2023  and subsequent filings Nanobiotix makes with the SEC from time to time which are available on the SEC’s website at www.sec.gov. The forward-looking statements included in this press release speak only as of the date of this press release  and except as required by law  Nanobiotix assumes no obligation to update these forward-looking statements publicly.DisclaimersThis press release does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any securities of the Company  nor shall there be any sale of such securities  in any state or jurisdiction in which such offer  solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such state or jurisdiction.The distribution of this press release may be subject to legal or regulatory restrictions in certain jurisdictions. Any person who comes into possession of this press release must inform him or herself of and comply with any such restrictions.This document does not constitute an offer to the public in France and the securities referred to in this document can only be offered or sold in France pursuant to article L. 411-2 of the French Monetary and Financial Code to qualified investors (investisseurs qualifiés) acting for their own account as defined in the Prospectus Regulation.This announcement is an advertisement and not a prospectus within the meaning of the Prospectus Regulation.In France  the Global Offering and the Concurrent Private Placement described above will take place solely in the context of two capital increases to the benefit of categories of institutional investors  in accordance with Article L. 225-138 of the French Commercial Code (Code de commerce) and applicable regulations. The European Offering is reserved  in Europe (including in France)  to “qualified investors”  as that term is defined in Article 2(e) of the Prospectus Regulation.In relation to each member state of the European Economic Area other than France (each  a “Relevant Member State”)  an offer of the securities referred to herein is not being made and will not be made to the public in that Relevant Member State  other than (i) to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation  (ii) to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons per Relevant Member State  or (iii) in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation; provided that no such offer of the securities referred to herein shall require the Company to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation. For the purposes of the above  the expression an “offer to the public” in any Relevant Member State shall have the meaning ascribed to it in article 2(d) of the Prospectus Regulation.This communication is being distributed only to  and is directed only at (a) persons outside the United Kingdom  (b) persons who have professional experience in matters relating to investments falling within Article 19(5) of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Financial Promotion) Order 2005 (the “Order”)  and (c) high net worth entities  and other persons to whom it may otherwise lawfully be communicated  falling within Article 49(2)(a) to (d) (« high net worth companies  unincorporated associations  etc. ») of the Order (all such persons together being referred to as “relevant persons”). Any investment or investment activity to which this communication relates is available only to relevant persons and will be engaged in only with relevant persons. Any person who is not a relevant person should not act or rely on this communication or any of its contents.This press release has been prepared in both French and English. In the event of any discrepancies between the two versions of the press release  the French language version shall prevail.SUMMARYSection 1 – IntroductionName and international securities identification number (ISIN) of the securitiesShares: Nanobiotix Code ISIN: FR0011341205Identity and contact details of the issuer  including its legal entity identifier (LEI)Legal name: Nanobiotix (the “Company”  or the “Issuer”  and  with its subsidiaries  the “Group”).Place and registration number: R.C.S. Paris 447 521 600 Legal Entity Identifier (LEI): 969500667RSYIH8YL895Identity and contact details of the competent authority approving the Prospectus: Autorité des marchés financiers (the “AMF”) – 17  place de la Bourse  75002 Paris  France.Date of the approbation of the Prospectus by the AMF: November 3  2023Warning to the reader: The summary should be read as an introduction to the prospectus (the “Prospectus”). Any decision to invest in the securities for which admission to trading on a regulated market is requested should be based on a consideration of the Prospectus as a whole by the investor. The investor could lose all or part of the invested capital in the event of a decline in the company's share price. When a claim relating to the information contained in the Prospectus is brought before a court  the plaintiff investor might  under national law of a member state of the European Union or a member state of the European Economic Area (the “EEA”)  have to bear the costs of translating the Prospectus before the legal proceedings are initiated. Civil liability attaches only to those persons who have tabled the summary including any translation thereof  but only where the summary is misleading  inaccurate or inconsistent  when read together with the other parts of the Prospectus  or where it does not provide  when read together with the other parts of the Prospectus  key information in order to aid investors when considering whether to invest in such securities. The information contained in this Prospectus makes it possible to maintain  and restore  if necessary  in all material respects and where necessary  equal access for the various shareholders and investors to information relating to the Company.Section 2 – Key Information on the Issuer2.1 Who is the issuer of the securities?Name and address of the issuer: Nanobiotix  a limited liability company with an executive board and a supervisory board (société anonyme à directoire et conseil de surveillance)  having its registered office at 60  rue de Wattignies  75012 Paris  France – LEI: 969500667RSYIH8YL895 – Applicable law: French law – Country of origin: France.Principal activities: Nanobiotix is a late-stage clinical biotechnology company pioneering disruptive  physics-based therapeutic approaches to revolutionize treatment outcomes for millions of patients; supported by people committed to making a difference for humanity. The Company’s philosophy is rooted in the concept of pushing past the boundaries of what is known to expand possibilities for human life. Incorporated in 2003  Nanobiotix is headquartered in Paris  France and is listed on Euronext Paris since 2012 and on the Nasdaq Global Select Market in New York City since December 2020. The Company has subsidiaries in  among other  Cambridge  Massachusetts (United States). Nanobiotix is the owner of more than 20 umbrella patents associated with three (3) nanotechnology platforms with applications in 1) oncology; 2) bioavailability and biodistribution; and 3) disorders of the central nervous system. The Company’s resources are primarily devoted to the development of its lead product candidate–NBTXR3—which is the product of its proprietary oncology platform and has been granted with a CE marking in Europe for the treatment of patients with soft tissue sarcoma under the brand name Hensify®. Its lead product candidate  NBTXR3  is an aqueous suspension of functionalized crystalline hafnium oxide nanoparticles designed for injection directly into a malignant tumor and is activated by radiotherapy. When exposed to ionizing radiation  NBTXR3 amplifies the localized  intratumor killing effect of that radiation and may also prime adaptive immune response and create long-term anti-cancer memory. NBTXR3 is designed to enhance the overall efficacy of radiotherapy without resulting in additional side effects on the surrounding healthy tissues. Given the physical mechanism of action  Nanobiotix believes that NBTXR3 could be scalable across any solid tumor that can be treated with radiotherapy and across any therapeutic combination  particularly immune checkpoint inhibitors.Head and neck cancers (Study 102 / NANORAY 312): The Company is currently prioritizing the development of NBTXR3 in the United States and the EU for the treatment of patients with locally advanced head and neck cancers ineligible for chemotherapy. Approximately 50% of patients with locally advanced head and neck cancer who are unable to receive chemotherapy succumb to their cancer within 12 months from the start of radiotherapy (Moye et al.  Oncologist. 2015;20(2):159-165). In October 2023  the Company presented final clinical results from Study 102 where data showed a median Overall Survival of 23.1 months and a median Progression Free Survival of 16.9 months in the evaluable population (n=44) as well as a high rate of injected lesion overall response (81.8%) and high rate of injected lesion complete response (63.6%). The Company is conducting NANORAY-312  a global randomized Phase III clinical trial for elderly head and neck cancer patients ineligible for platinum-based (cisplatin) chemotherapy and expects NANORAY-312 to record the appropriate number events for the interim readout in 1H2025  and to deliver the interim efficacy analysis mid-2025.Immuno-oncology (Study 1100): The Company is also pursuing a robust development program to study the use of radiotherapy-activated NBTXR3 in combination with immune checkpoint inhibitors across several solid tumor indications. The Company’s preclinical and early clinical results suggest that NBTXR3 activated by radiotherapy may prime the immune response  thereby rendering otherwise “cold” tumors more prone to recognition by the patient’s immune system (making them ‘‘hot tumors’’) and therefore potentially more responsive to I-O treatments such as checkpoint inhibitors. At SITC 2022  the Company presented updated clinical results from Study 1100 where a high rate of objective reduction rate of target lesion(s) (injected and non-injected) was observed in the evaluable patient population (n=21) while objective reduction in target lesion/s resulted in long term control in both naïve and resistant lesions - regardless of site of injection (8 patients with > 6 months disease control and 5 patients with > 12 months disease control). This preliminary data suggests a correlation between the local and systemic response in both anti-PD-1-naïve and post-anti-PD-1 failure patients irrespective to the tumor origin in patients receiving NBTXR3 in combination with radiation therapy and anti-PD-1.Expansion: Unlike traditional chemotherapies or biologics  NBTXR3 has a broadly applicable mechanism of action that has the potential to be used in the treatment of all solid tumor types in conjunction with radiotherapy. As a result of nearly two decades of experience developing our technology and our broad collaboration with MD Anderson  we have a robust development pipeline. The chart below highlights our ongoing and planned clinical trials portfolio  including those that are under our collaboration with MD Anderson.An image accompanying this announcement is available at https://www.globenewswire.com/NewsRoom/AttachmentNg/c60fba7e-4342-4bc8-89fd-7f6a3e34387dNBTXR3-RT + anti-PD-1: ongoing discussions at Nanobiotix relating to this potential study in recurrent and/or metastatic head and neck cancers under consultation prior to continuing discussions with the FDA with the perspective of establishing a protocol for a pivotal study.License agreement with Janssen: On July 7  2023  Nanobiotix entered into a license agreement with for the global licensing  co-development and commercialization of NBTXR3 with Janssen Pharmaceutica NV (“Janssen”)  one of the Janssen Pharmaceutical Companies of Johnson & Johnson. The license is exclusive  excepting territories previously licensed to Nanobiotix partner LianBio. Under the terms of the license agreement  Nanobiotix is eligible for in-kind regulatory and development support for study NANORAY-312 valued at up to $30 million that Janssen may provide at its sole discretion and success-based payments of up to $1.8 billion  in the aggregate  relating to potential development  regulatory  and sales milestones. $30 million have been received through an upfront payment. Moreover  the agreement includes a framework for additional success-based potential development and regulatory milestone payments of up to $650 million  in the aggregate  for five new indications that may be developed by Janssen at its sole discretion; and of up to $220 million  in the aggregate  per indication that may be developed by Nanobiotix in alignment with Janssen. Following commercialization  Nanobiotix will also receive tiered double-digit royalties on net sales of NBTXR3 (low 10s to low 20s). Separately  Nanobiotix is eligible to receive up to $30 million in equity investments from Johnson & Johnson Innovation – JJDC  Inc. (“JJDC”) including  as part of capital increases without preferential subscription rights: (1) an initial tranche equal to $5 million which has already been received  the shares issued in this context are subject to a lock-up period of six months  expiring on March 11  2024; and (2) a second tranche of $25 million subject in particular to the realization of an additional financing of at least $25 million  the shares to be issued in this context will be subject to a lock-up period  expiring on March 11  2024. JJDC has undertaken to subscribe an amount of $20.2 million in the context of the Offering and the balance  i.e. $4.8 million  subject to the approval of the French Ministry of Economy and Finance (Minefi)  in accordance with applicable French foreign investment control rules.As at June 30  2023  Nanobiotix employed 101 employees.Shareholding structure of the Company as of the date of this Prospectus: As of the date of this Prospectus and before the settlement and delivery of the Offering  the share capital is equal to €1 085 700.57  divided into 36 190 019 ordinary shares  all of the same class  each with a par value of €0.03. The shares of the Company are fully subscribed and paid up. To the Company’s knowledge  ownership of the Company’s share capital and voting rights  on a non-diluted basis is as follows. The impact of the issue on a diluted basis is presented in section 4.1 of this summary. To the Company's knowledge  there are no shareholders' agreements or actions in concert.Situation before the Offering Situation after the Offering (excluding the exercise of the over-allotment option) ShareholdersNumber of shares % of share capital % of theoretical voting rights(1) Number of shares % of share capital % of theoretical voting rights(1) Non-diluted Non-diluted Fully diluted(2) Non-diluted Fully diluted(2) Non-diluted Non-diluted Fully diluted(2) Non-diluted Fully diluted(2) Invus Public Equities Advisors  LLC (A) 3 069 034 8.48 % 6.72 % 8.10 % 6.48 % 4 375 004 9.60% 7.95% 9.26% 7.71% Baillie Gifford & Co (B) 1 888 426 5.22 % 4.14 % 4.98 % 3.99 % 2 665 153 5.85% 4.84% 5.64% 4.70% JJDC (C) 959 637 2.65 % 2.10 % 2.53 % 2.03 % 4 722 560 10.37% 8.58% 9.99% 8.32% Qatar Holding LLC (D) 1 500 000 4.14 % 3.18 % 3.81 % 3.07 % 3 830 180 8.41% 6.96% 8.10% 6.75% Other Investors in the Offering (E) - - - - - 1 186 253 2.60% 2.16% 2.51% 2.09% Total (A) + (B) + (C) + (D) + (E) 7 417 097 20.49 % 16.25 % 19.57 % 15.66 % 16 779 150 36.84% 30.50% 35.50% 29.58% Laurent Levy 1 139 060 3.15% 6.55 % 5.14% 8.02 % 1 139 060 2.50% 5.43% 4.12% 6.70% Bart Van Rhijn - - 0.96 % - 0.92 % - - 0.79% - 0.77% Anne-Juliette Hermant 140 000 0.39% 0.94 % 0.37% 0.91 % 140 000 0.31% 0.78% 0.30% 0.76% Other managers and employees 166 273 0.46% 4.05 % 0.69% 4.11 % 166 273 0.37% 3.36% 0.55% 3.43% Total Management and employees 1 445 333 3.99% 12.50 % 6.20% 13.95 % 1 445 333 3.17% 10.37% 4.97% 11.65% Free float(3) 28 805 471 79.60% 74.49 % 78.19% 73.55 % 27 305 471 59.94% 59.09% 59.53% 58.77% Treasury shares 22 118 0.06% 0.05% - - 22 118 0.05% 0.04% 0.00% 0.00% Total 36 190 019 100% 100% 100 00% 100 00% 45 552 072 100% 100% 100% 100%(1) Double voting rights are granted to all fully paid-up ordinary shares of the Company registered in the name of the same shareholder for at least two years. Please however note that the ADSs do not carry double voting rights.(2) it being specified that the 9 262 520 founders’ warrants  share subscription warrants (including 5 200 000 warrants issued for the PACEO entered into with Kepler Cheuvreux in May 2022)  stock options and free shares granted by the Company and outstanding as of September 30  2023 represent a maximum dilution of 20.38% of the share capital and 19.77% of the voting rights of the Company (on a non-diluted basis).(3) Including institutional and qualified investors holding  prior to the Offering  25.31% of the Company's share capital and 24.16% of its voting rights (20.06% and 19.34% respectively on a fully diluted basis)  and  after the completion of the Offering (excluding the exercise of the Over-Allotment Option)  20.11% of the Company's share capital and 19.38% of its voting rights (16.65% and 16.15% respectively on a fully diluted basis).Key officers: Laurent Levy  president of the executive board of the Company (the “Executive Board”)  Bart Van Rhijn and Anne-Juliette Hermant  members of the Executive Board. Gary Phillips and Anne-Marie Graffin are  respectively  Chair and Vice-Chair of the supervisory board of the Company (the “Supervisory Board”).Statutory auditors: Grant Thornton (member of the Regional Association of Auditors of Versailles and of the Centre (compagnie régionale de Versailles et du Centre))  29  rue du Pont CS 20070 92200 Neuilly sur Seine. Ernst & Young et Autres (member of the Regional Association of Auditors of Versailles and of the Centre (compagnie régionale de Versailles et du Centre))  Tour First  TSA 14444 92037 Paris La Défense cedex.2.2 What is the key financial information regarding the issuer?Key financial information as of December 31  2020  2021 and 2022 and as of June 30  2022 and 2023: The tables below present key financial information of the Company derived from its consolidated financial statements prepared in accordance with IFRS as of December 31 2020  2021 and 2022 prepared in accordance with IFRS as adopted by the European Union and from its half-year consolidated financial statements as of June 30  2022 and 2023 prepared in accordance with IFRS as adopted by the European Union.Statement of consolidated financial positionAs of December 31  As of June 30  In thousand euros 2020 2021 2022 2022 2023 Non-current asset 8 782 8 709 7 412 7 765 6 778 Current asset 125 248 93 060 52 358 72 859 33 628 including : Tax receivables 2 898 3 548 5 146 4 511 6 925 Cash and cash equivalents 119 151 83 921 41 388 63 021 21 629 Total assets 134 030 101 769 59 769 80 624 40 407 Shareholders’ equity 70 468 26 790 (27 045) 1 792 (53 783) Non-current liabilities 44 522 38 134 48 878 36 252 44 336 Including :Non-Current Financial Liabilities 44 107 37 816 48 608 36 002 44 029 Current liabilities 19 041 36 845 37 936 42 580 49 854 Including :Current Financial Liabilities4 8728 2044 5609 1049 972 Total shareholders’ equity and liabilities 134 030 101 769 59 769 80 624 40 407 Total Net Indebtedness -70 172 -37 901 11 781 -17 915 32 372 Statement of consolidated income:12 months endedDecember Six months endedJune 30 In thousand euros 2020 2021 2022 2022 2023 Revenues 50 10 0 0 0 Other income 2 462 2 637 4 776 1 329 3 293 Research and development expenses (24 330) (30 378) (32 636) (16 608) (17 805) Selling  general and administrative expenses (14 611) (19 434) (17 857) (9 635) (10 864) Other operating income and expenses 0 (5 414) (985) (963) 6 Operating income (loss) (36 428) (52 579) (46 702) (25 877) (25 370) Financial income (loss) 2 847 5 580 (10 329) (474) (2 725) Net loss for the period (33 590) (47 003) (57 041) (26 357) (28 099) Weighted average number of outstanding ordinary shares used for calculating basic and diluted loss per share 24 385 827 34 733 418 34 851 868 34 891 876 35 037 052 Net loss per Share -1.38 -1.35 -1.64 -0.76 -0.80 Statement of consolidated cash flows12 months endedDecember Six months endedJune 30 In thousand euros 2020 2021 2022 2022 2023 Cash flows used in operating activities (27 538) (29 872) (37 104) (17 518) (17 275) Cash flows from (used in) investing activities (112) (242) 138 53 (327) Cash flows from financing activities 111 706 (5 116) (5 568) (3 435) (2 156)Since June 30  2023  the Company’s consolidated financial position  equity and liabilities have been impacted by the following significant events: (i) the completion of a capital increase amounting approx. USD 5 million reserved to the benefit of JJDC  and (ii) the collection of the upfront payment amounting approx. to USD 30 million in connection with the signature of the license agreement with Janssen Pharmaceutica NV. As of September 30  2023  cash and cash equivalents of the Company amount to € 38.7 million. As at the same date  its gross indebtedness is approximately € 54.5 million (including € 10.1 million of current liabilities)  including € 39.7 million related to the loan granted by the European Investment Bank (the “EIB”) including € 25.3 million principal  € 7.2 million State Guaranteed Loan  € 5.0 million Leasing debt  and € 2.6 million advances from Bpifrance.Selected key pro forma financial information: not applicable.Qualifications on the historical financial information: not applicable.2.3 What are the key risks that are specific to the issuer?The twelve main risks related to the Company and its business sector are listed below. These risks must be taken into consideration by investors before making any investment decision:Risk Likelihood Impact Risks related to the Group's business The Group has a history of losses and require additional funding to support ongoing operational needs without which it may be required to significantly curtail  delay or discontinue one or more of its research and development programs of its product candidate. High High The Group will need to raise additional funding  which may not be available on acceptable terms  or at all (in particular in case the Minefi refuses to approve the balance of the JJDC investment – see section 2.1 above). Failure to obtain this necessary capital when needed may force the Group to delay  limit or terminate our product development efforts or other operations. Subject to the occurrence of one of these risks associated with the Company’s additional funding needs  the Company believes that the completion of the Offering would extend its financial visibility beyond a twelve months period following the date of approval of the Prospectus  specifically into the first quarter 2025  and  assuming the receipt of the first milestone from Janssen  into the second quarter 2025. Medium High Risks related to the discovery  development and commercialization of the Group’s product candidates The Group’s product candidate development programs are in various phases of development and may be unsuccessful. At each stage of development  there is typically an extremely high rate of attrition from the failure of product candidates advancing to subsequent stages of development. High High The Group may encounter substantial delays in its clinical trials  including clinical studies of NBTXR3  or may fail to demonstrate safety and efficacy to the satisfaction of applicable regulatory authorities. It will take several years to complete the clinical development necessary to obtain adequate data to file for a marketing authorization or to commercialize a product candidate  and failure can occur at any stage. High High If the Group’s product candidates do not achieve projected development milestones and commercialization in the announced or expected timeframes  further development or commercialization of the Group’s product candidates may be delayed  and its business may be harmed. High High Risks related to the Group’s reliance on third parties The Group faces heightened risks of dependence towards Janssen in connection with the development and commercialization of NBTXR3  due to the importance of its collaboration with Janssen and  more specifically  the associated milestone payments  which are expected to contribute a significant portion of the Group's short- and medium-term revenues. High High The Group is party to strategic development and commercialization relationships  which may not advance or be successful and may delay or harm further development or commercialization of its product candidates. Furthermore  the Group may  in the future  enter into additional strategic relationships. High High Risks related to operational compliance and risk management The Group will need to develop and expand  and may encounter difficulties in managing this development and expansion  which could disrupt its operations. The Group’s financial performance and ability to commercialize its product candidates will depend  in part  on its ability to manage its future development and expansion. High High Risks related to regulatory approvals for the Group’s product candidates The regulatory landscape that governs the Group’s product candidates is uncertain as it is subject to both drug & device regulations  depending on the country involved  and changes in regulatory requirements could result in delays or discontinuation of development of the Group’s product candidates or unexpected costs in obtaining regulatory approval and/or CE-marking. High High The regulatory approval processes of the FDA and comparable foreign authorities are lengthy  time consuming and inherently unpredictable  and if the Group is ultimately unable to obtain regulatory approval for its product candidates  its business will be substantially harmed. High High Risks related to human capital The Group depends on key management personnel and attracting and retaining other qualified personnel  and the Group’s business could be harmed if it loses key management personnel or cannot attract and retain other qualified personnel. High High Risks Relating to Our Status as a Foreign Private Issuer or a French Company French corporate law contain provisions that may delay  discourage or prevent investments in the Company. Foreign Investments in the Company such as the balance of the JJDC investment may be subject to prior governmental authorization under the French foreign investment control regime. High HighSection 3 – Key information on the securities3.1 What are the main features of the securities?The shares for which admission on the regulated market of Euronext in Paris (“Euronext Paris”) is requested are issued pursuant to two share capital increases without shareholders' preferential subscription rights to the benefit of categories of persons  in accordance with article L. 225-138 of the French commercial code  meeting the criteria set by the combined shareholders’ meeting of the Company held on June 27  2023 (the “Shareholders’ Meeting”)  (i) in its 24th resolution  for a total nominal amount of €167 973.90 through the issuance of 5 599 130 new shares (the “New Shares”) and in the event the Over-Allotment Option is exercised  pursuant to the 26th resolution of the Shareholders’ Meeting held on June 27  2023  up to 839 869 additional new shares (the “Additional New Shares”) in connection with the ADS Offering and the European Offering (ii) in its 25th resolution  for a total nominal amount of €112 887.69 through the issuance of 3 762 923 new shares (the “Strategic New Shares”  together with the New Shares and the Additional New Shares  the “Offered Shares”) in connection with the Strategic Offering (all capitalized terms not defined in this paragraph are defined below). The Strategic New Shares are issued pursuant to the existing securities purchase agreement entered into by the Company with JJDC on July 7  2023 (see Section 2.1 above).Class and number of securities to be admitted to trading on Euronext Paris5 599 130 New Shares (€0.03 par value) excluding the exercise of the Over-Allotment Option  including 3 106 907 subscribed in the form of American Depositary Shares or “ADSs”. 3 762 923 Strategic New Shares (€0.03 par value)  all subscribed in the form of ADSs. 839 869 Additional New Shares (€0.03 par value)  in the event the Over-Allotment Option is exercised  all or part to be subscribed in the form of ADS.As of the date of the Prospectus  the offering of the New Shares and the Strategic New Shares to investors has been completed  but the listing of the New Shares and the Strategic New Shares may only take place following their issuance  upon completing of the settlement-delivery transactions of the New Shares and the Strategic New Shares  expected to occur on November 7 and on November 9  2023  respectively. In the event the Over-Allotment Option is exercised  the Additional New Shares will be admitted to trading on Euronext Paris no later than December 4  2023.Currencies: the ADS Offering and the Strategic Offering are carried out in U.S. dollars and the European Offering is carried out in euros (the European Offering  the ADS Offering and the Strategic Offering being defined below). The Offered Shares will be denominated in euros. Denomination for the shares: Nanobiotix – Mnemonic code: NANO – ISIN: FR0011341205Rights attached to the securities: The Offered Shares will be  when issued  governed by the provisions of the Company’s bylaws. In accordance with current provisions of French law and of the Company’s bylaws  the principal rights attached to the Offered Shares are the following: (i) dividend rights; (ii) voting rights (including a double voting rights for fully paid up shares held in the name of the same shareholder for at least two years); (iii) preferential subscription rights for securities of the same class; (iv) right to a share of any liquidation surplus; and (v) shareholders' information rights.Relative ranking of securities in the issuer's capital structure in the event of insolvency : The Offered Shares issued in connection with the Offering (as such term is defined below) will be assimilated to the existing shares of the Company and will rank pari passu.Restrictions on the free transferability of the securities: No provision of the bylaws restricts the transferability of the ordinary shares comprising the Company’s share capital.Dividend policy: The Company has not distributed any dividends during the last three financial years. There are no plans to initiate a short-term dividend payment policy given the Company's stage of development.Main characteristics of the Offered Shares: The Price of the Offered Shares (as defined below) is €5.07 per share (€0.03 par value and €5.04 issue premium). Subscriptions and payments in respect of the issuance of the Offered Shares will be received and deposited with Crédit Industriel et Commercial (CIC)  which will deliver (i) a deposit certificate (certificat du dépositaire) dated as of the settlement and delivery of the New Shares expected to occur on November 7  2023 in connection with the ADS Offering and the European Offering  (ii) a deposit certificate (certificat du dépositaire) dated as of the settlement and delivery of the Strategic New Shares expected to occur on November 9  2023 in relation to the Strategic Offering  and (iii) in the event the Over-Allotment Option is exercised in connection with the ADS Offering and the European Offering  a deposit certificate (certificat du dépositaire) dated as of the settlement and delivery of the Additional New Shares expected to occur no later than on December 4  2023. The Offered Shares will be eligible to receive any dividend issued by the Company as from the date they are issued  to all distributions decided by the Company as from that date and will be registered on the same trading line as the existing shares.3.2 Where will the securities be traded?An application will be made for the Offered Shares to be listed and admitted to trading on Euronext Paris. Another application will be made for part of the Offered Shares to be listed and admitted to trading on the Nasdaq Global Select Market in the United States of America (“Nasdaq”) in the form of ADSs. The admission of the New Shares and the Strategic New Shares on Euronext Paris is expected to occur on November 7 and November 9  2023  respectively  on the same trading line as the existing shares of the Company and  in the event the Over-Allotment Option is exercised  the admission of the Additional New Shares is expected to occur no later than December 4  2023 on the same listing line as the existing shares of the Company (ISIN code FR0011341205  mnemonic code: NANO). Application will be made for the Offered Shares to be admitted to the clearing procedures of Euroclear France  which will be responsible for the clearing of shares between accountholders.3.3 Is there a guarantee attached to the securities?The issuance of the New Shares and  as the case may be  the Additional New Shares in relation to the ADS Offering and the European Offering is subject to an English language underwriting agreement (the “Underwriting Agreement”) entered into on November 2  2023 between the Company and Jefferies LLC  Leerink Partners and Guggenheim Securities  acting as global coordinators and joint bookrunners (together the “Banks”). The issuance of the Strategic New Shares is subject to an English language subscription form executed on November 2  2023 by JJDC. This underwriting does not constitute a performance guarantee (garantie de bonne fin) within the meaning of Article L. 225-145 of the French commercial code.3.4 What are the main risks that are specific to the securities?Investors are invited to consider the main risks related to the Offered Securities listed below:shareholders that have not participated in the Offering may see their participation in the Company's share capital diluted due to the issuance of the New Shares as well as in the event of a new call to the market;the volatility and liquidity of the Company's shares may experience significant fluctuation (mainly downwards) but also differ on the American market and the French market; andsales of the Company's shares  in particular by its significant shareholders  could occur on the market and have an adverse impact on the Company's share price.Section 4 – Key information on the admission to trading on a regulated market4.1 Under which conditions and timetable can I invest in these securities?Terms and conditions of the offering: In connection with the ADS Offering and the European Offering  the New Shares are issued pursuant to a share capital increase without shareholders' preferential subscription rights to the benefit of categories of persons  in accordance with article L. 225-138 of the French commercial code  meeting the criteria set by the Shareholders’ Meeting held on June 27  2023  in its 24th resolution. These categories of persons include: (i) all individuals or legal entities (including companies)  trusts and investment funds  or other investment vehicles  whatever their form (including  without limitation  any investment fund or venture capital company  notably any FPCI  FCPI or FIP)  under French or foreign law  whether or not they are shareholders in the Company  and investing on a regular basis or which have invested (including  where applicable  in the form of loans or convertible or non-convertible debt securities) at least one million euros over the past 36 months in the healthcare or biotechnology sector  and/or (ii) any credit institution  investment services provider or member of a placing syndicate  whether French or foreign  that undertakes to guarantee the completion of the capital increase or any issue that may lead to a capital increase in the future that may be carried out pursuant to this authorization and placed with the persons referred to in (i) above and  in this context  to subscribe for the securities issued.In connection with the Strategic Offering  the Strategic New Shares are issued pursuant to a share capital increase without shareholders' preferential subscription rights to the benefit of categories of persons  in accordance with article L. 225-138 of the French commercial code  meeting the criteria set by the Shareholders’ Meeting held on June 27  2023  in its 25th resolution. This category of persons includes any French or foreign industrial company  institution or entity in any form whatsoever operating in the healthcare or biotechnology sector  either directly or through a controlled company or a company by which they are controlled within the meaning of Article L. 233-3 I of the French Commercial Code  where applicable when entering into a commercial agreement  financing contract or partnership with the Company.The issuance (the “Offering”) was made through: (i) an offering of 3 106 907 ordinary shares in the form of ADSs to qualified investors in the United States of America (the “ADS Offering”) that will be admitted to trading on the Nasdaq; (ii) an offering of 2 492 223 ordinary shares to qualified investors in Europe (including France) and other countries (excluding the United States of America and Canada) (the “European Offering”); and (iii) an offering of 3 762 923 ordinary shares in the form of ADSs to a strategic investor meeting the criteria set forth by the Shareholders’ Meeting held on June 27  2023 in the United States of America (the “Strategic Offering”) that will be admitted to trading on the Nasdaq  it being specified that the number of shares issued in connection with the ADS Offering and the European Offering may be increased by a maximum of 15% of the number of New Shares if the Over-Allotment Option (as defined below) is exercised in full. All of such investors meet the criteria of the categories respectively described above.In the territory of the United States of America  the ADS Offering constituted a Registered Offering within the meaning of U.S. rules and regulation (including the U.S. Securities Act of 1933  as amended) subject to an English-language prospectus filed with the U.S. Securities Exchange Commission. In the territory of the EEA and the United Kingdom  the European Offering constituted an offering exclusively reserved to “qualified investors”  as that term is defined in Article 2(e) of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council of June 14  2017  as amended (the “Prospectus Regulation”). With respect to the Member States of the EEA and the United Kingdom  no action has been or will be taken to enable a public offering of the securities covered by the Prospectus that would require the publication of a prospectus in any of the Member States. Each of the investors in Europe had the option to subscribe for ADSs and/or ordinary shares in connection with the ADS Offering and the European Offering  under the terms and conditions set forth below. The Strategic Offering constituted a private placement in the territory of the United States of America pursuant to the exemption from the registration requirements of the U.S. Securities Act of 1933  as amended  pursuant to Section 4(a)(2) thereof.As of the date of the Prospectus  3 106 907 New Shares have been subscribed for in the form of ADSs and the Strategic New Shares have been subscribed for in the form of ADSs. The Offering is carried out pursuant to the 24th  25th and 26th resolutions of the Shareholders’ Meeting held on June 27  2023. On November 2  2023  the Executive Board  using the delegation granted by the Shareholder’s Meeting and pursuant to the Supervisory Board’s authorization  set the final terms and conditions of the Offering  including in particular the Price of the Offered Shares.Pursuant to the 26th resolution of the Shareholders’ Meeting held on June 27  2023 and in connection with the ADS Offering and the European Offering  the Company has granted Jefferies LLC  the stabilization agent  on behalf of and for the account of the Banks (the “Stabilization Agent”)  an over-allotment option for a maximum of 15% of the number of New Shares issued in connection with the ADS Offering and the European Offering  i.e. a maximum of 839 869 Additional New Shares at the Price of the Offered Shares (the “Over-Allotment Option”)  in the form of ADSs  so as to cover any over-allotments and facilitate stabilization operations. The Over-Allotment Option may be exercised by the Stabilization Agent  in the name and on behalf of the Banks  only once  at any time  in whole or in part  at the latest on December 2  2023 inclusive (according to the expected timetable). In the event of the Over-Allotment Option is exercised  the information relating to such exercise and the number of Additional New Shares to be issued will be made known to the public by means of a press release issued by the Company.Subscription price: The subscription price of the Offered Shares (whether issued in relation to the ADS Offering  the European Offering or the Strategic Offering) is €5.07 per share (€0.03 par value and €5.04 issue premium) (the “Price of the Offered Shares”). In accordance with the terms and conditions for determining the subscription price of the shares set forth respectively in the 24th resolution and in the 25th resolution of the Shareholders’ Meeting held on June 27  2023  this price  set by the Executive Board on November 2  2023  using the delegation granted by the Shareholders’ Meeting and pursuant to the Supervisory Board’s authorization  shall at least be equal to the weighted average price of the Company’s shares on Euronext Paris over the last three trading days preceding such setting (meaning the October 30 and 31 and November 1st  2023 trading days)  i.e. €5.9561  less a 15% maximum discount. The price of the Offered Shares is at a discount of 15% compared to the weighted average price of the Company’s shares on Euronext Paris over the last three trading days preceding its setting.Gross proceeds of the issuance: The gross proceeds of the issuance of the New Shares and the Strategic New Shares (premium included) amounted to €28.4 million and €19.1 million  respectively. Accordingly  the gross proceeds of the Offering amounted to €47.5 million  it being specified that this amount may be increased  in the event of the full exercise of the Over-Allotment Option in connection with the ADS Offering and the European Offering  to a total of €51.7 million.Estimates of the total expenses related to the issuance: On an indicative basis  the total expenses related to the issuance of the New Shares amounted to approximately €2.2 million (compensation of the financial intermediaries and legal and administrative fees)  which may be increased to approximately €2.5 million  in the event of the full exercise of the Over-Allotment Option in connection with the ADS Offering and the European Offering. The Company did not recognize any expenses related to the issuance of the Strategic New Shares.Expected timetable:November 1st  2023 (after market closing of Euronext Paris and Nasdaq) Supervisory Board and Executive Board authorizing the launch of the OfferingFiling of a Preliminary Prospectus Supplement to the Registration Statement on the Form F-3 with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission in connection with the ADS OfferingFiling of the first amendment to the 2022 Universal Registration Document with the AMFPress release announcing the launch of the book-building process as well as the trading halt of the Company’s shares on Euronext ParisLaunch of the Offering November 2  2023 (after market opening of Euronext Paris but prior to market opening of the Nasdaq) Closing of the OfferingExecutive Board setting the final terms and conditions of the OfferingExecution of the Underwriting AgreementStart of the possible stabilization periodPress release announcing the price of the Offered Shares and the results of the OfferingResumption of trading of the Company’s shares on Euronext Paris November 3  2023 Filing of the Final Prospectus Supplement to the Registration Statement on the Form F-3 with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission in connection with the ADS OfferingFiling of the second amendment to the 2022 Universal Registration Document with the AMFApproval of the Prospectus by the AMFPublication of the Euronext Paris listing notice for the New Shares and the Strategic New Shares November 7  2023 Settlement and delivery of the New Shares and underlying ADSsAdmission of the New Shares to trading on Euronext Paris and of the underlying ADSs on the Nasdaq November 9  2023 Settlement and delivery of the Strategic New Shares and underlying ADSsAdmission of the Strategic New Shares to trading on Euronext Paris and of the underlying ADSs on the Nasdaq December 2  2023 Deadline for the exercise of the Over-Allotment OptionEnd of the possible stabilization periodThe Company will issue a press release to be published on its website and a notice will be issued by Euronext Paris in the event of any change to the timetable and terms of the Offered Shares’ settlement and delivery described above.Details of admission to trading on a regulated market: the New Shares and the Strategic New Shares will be admitted to trading on Euronext Paris  subject to settlement and delivery  on November 7 and 9  2023  respectively. The Additional New Shares would be listed on Euronext Paris  subject to settlement and delivery  no later than on December 4  2023  depending on the date of exercise of the Over-Allotment Option.Expenses billed to the investor by the issuer: not applicable.Dilution resulting from the issuance of the New Shares  the Strategic New Shares and  as the case may be  of the Additional New SharesAmount and percentage of dilution resulting immediately from the Offering: On an indicative basis  the impact of the issuance on the ownership interest of a shareholder holding 1.00% of the Company’s share capital prior to the issuance and not subscribing to it (calculation based on the number of the Company’s shares as of the date of this Prospectus  exclusive of treasury shares) is as follows.Shareholders’ ownership (in %) On a non-diluted basis On a diluted basis(1) Prior to the issuance of the New Shares 1.00% 0.79% After the issuance of 5 599 130 New Shares 0.87% 0.71% After the issuance of 5 599 130 New Shares and of 3 762 923 Strategic New Shares 0.79% 0.66% After the issuance of 5 599 130 New Shares  of 3 762 923 Strategic New Shares and 839 869 Additional New Shares 0.78% 0.65%(1) The calculations are based on the assumption of the exercise of all the share warrants (BSA)  founders share warrants (BSPCE) and stock options as well as the definitive acquisition of all free shares (AGA).Impact of the issuance on the share of shareholder’s equity: On an indicative basis  the impact of the issuance on the share of the Company’s consolidated shareholder’s equity per share a (calculation based on the shareholders' equity as of June 30  2023 and the number of the Company’s shares as of the date of this Prospectus  exclusive of treasury shares) is as follows.Shareholders' equity per share (in euros) On a non-diluted basis On a diluted basis(1) Prior to the issuance of the New Shares €-0.93 €0.46 After the issuance of 5 599 130 New Shares €-0.13 €0.96 After the issuance of 5 599 130 New Shares and of 3 762 923 Strategic New Shares €0.30 €1.24 After the issuance of 5 599 130 New Shares  of 3 762 923 Strategic New Shares and 839 869 Additional New Shares €0.39 €1.30(1) The calculations are based on the assumption of the exercise of all the share warrants (BSA)  founders share warrants (BSPCE) and stock options as well as the definitive acquisition of all free shares (AGA).4.2. Who is the offeror and/or the person requesting admission to trading?Not applicable.4.3 Why is this Prospectus being produced?Purpose of the issuance and use of proceeds: The net proceeds of the Offering amount to approximately €45.3 million  after deduction of bank fees directly attributable to the completion of the Offering. These net proceeds will be allocated as follows:approximately 32% of the net proceeds to Nanoray 312  a global randomized Phase III clinical trial  and approximately 16% of the net proceeds to the related increase of production capacity and supply of NBTXR3 required for this study  particularly in the frame of the license agreement with Janssen;approximately 26% of the net proceeds to other research & development  regulatory and medical related activities  of which half would be allocated to medical affairs and preclinical projects; andthe remainder of the net proceeds  i.e.  approximately 26% of the net proceeds to other operating expenses funding and other general corporate purposes (of which a maximum of €1.5 million to be paid to the EIB and almost €0.5 million of legal and administrative fixed costs related to the Offering set-up).Working capital statement: As of September 30  2023  cash and cash equivalents of the Company amount to € 38.7 million. In the Company’s opinion  its net working capital available is not sufficient to meet its obligations for the twelve months following the date of the approval of this Prospectus prior to the aggregated anticipated proceeds from the Offering. Its current net working capital is sufficient to meet its obligations until April 2024  following the successful removal of the EIB cash covenant and would be extended until July 2024 with the receipt from Janssen of the amount in consideration of the achievement of the first milestone which the Company might reasonably consider likely to occur. Without the proceeds from the completion of the Offering  and without the receipt of the first milestone from Janssen  the Company would require an additional EUR 27 million to ensure a twelve-month cash runway.Following the effective completion of the Offering  in the Company’s opinion  its net proceeds amounting €45.3 million will be sufficient to meet its working capital requirements at least for the twelve months following the date of approval of the Prospectus. In order to address its future financing requirements beyond the above-mentioned cash runway  the Company could pursue various financing options which include dilutive and non-dilutive sources such as (i) entering new business development partnerships  collaborative or strategic alliances in relation to its programs other than NBTXR3  (ii) monetizing all or part of the royalties the Company is entitled to receive under the license agreement entered into with Janssen; or (iii) raising funds through public or private offerings of capital or debt securities. In addition  the Company plans to pursue the implementation of cash preservation activities to reduce or defer discretionary spending. There are no assurances that these efforts to meet the Company’s operating cash flow requirements will be successful. If the Company’s plans to meet such requirements are not sufficient to fund necessary expenditures and meet its obligations as they come due  the liquidity of the Company  its financial condition  and its business prospects will be materially affected or even would affect the Company’s ability to continue as a going concern.Underwriting: not applicable.Main material conflicts of interest related to the Offering: The Company is not aware of any conflict of interests related to the Offering. The Banks or some of their affiliates have provided and/or may provide in the future various banking  financial  investment and other services to the Company  its shareholders or its officers  for which they have received or may receive compensation.Certain entities affiliated with Qatar Holding LLC  Invus Public Equities Advisors  LLC and Baillie Gifford & Co  existing shareholders of the Company not represented at its supervisory board  have agreed to purchase Ordinary Shares (including in the form of ADSs) for an amount of respectively €11.8  €6.6 and €3.9 million (i.e. respectively 41.62%  23.32 % and 13.87 % and  taken altogether  78.81% of the total number of Ordinary Shares (including in the form of ADSs) to be sold in the ADS Offering and the European Offering).Company lock-up period: From the date of execution of the Underwriting Agreement (i.e. November 2  2023) and for 90 calendar days following the date of the English-language Final Prospectus Supplement to the Registration Statement on the Form F-3 filed with the U.S. Securities Exchange Commission  subject to certain customary exceptions and provided that the Company may freely effect the Offering and  from 30 days after the date of the above-mentioned final prospectus  implement an at-the-market sales program.Lock-up agreements entered into by the Supervisory Board and the Executive Board members: Laurent Levy  Bart Van Rhijn  Anne-Juliette Hermant  Gary Phillips  Anne-Marie Graffin  Enno Spillner and Alain Herrera have entered into lock-up agreements in connection with the Offering  pursuant to which they shall hold their shares for a period of 90 calendar days following the date of the English-language Final Prospectus Supplement to the Registration Statement on the Form F-3 filed with the U.S. Securities Exchange Commission  subject to certain customary exceptions and except for the purpose of financing the exercise price of stock options and/or satisfy any applicable taxes (including estimated taxes) due in connection with such exercise.Attachments,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.01,positive,0.76,0.23,0.02,True,English,"['Total Gross Proceeds', 'Capital Increases', 'Over-Allotment Option', 'Additional Amount', 'NANOBIOTIX', 'Availability', 'Prospectus', 'Connection', 'Exercise', 'Underwriters', 'applicable French foreign investment control rules', 'Autorité des Marchés Financiers', 'Private Securities Litigation Reform Act', 'French Financial Markets Authority', 'two share capital increases', 'disruptive, physics-based therapeutic approaches', 'late-clinical stage biotechnology company', 'late-stage clinical biotechnology company', 'Nasdaq Global Select Market', 'first share capital increase', 'second share capital increase', 'Concurrent Private Placement', 'share purchase agreement', 'EU Delegated Regulation', '2022 universal registration document', 'New York City', 'three (3) nanotechnology platforms', 'central nervous system', 'soft tissue sarcoma', 'safe harbor” provisions', 'aggregate gross amount', 'lead product candidate', 'proprietary oncology platform', 'Investor Relations Department', 'Nanobiotix Communications Department', 'physics-based approaches', 'French Ministry', 'first amendment', 'second amendment', 'securities note', 'Global Offering', 'Media Relations', 'additional amount', 'GLOBE NEWSWIRE', 'allotment option', 'qualified investors', 'green shoe', 'main characteristics', 'greater detail', 'Jefferies LLC', 'stabilization operation', 'human life', 'United States', '20 umbrella patents', 'CE marking', 'brand name', 'Brandon Owens', 'Craig West', 'Pierre-Louis Germain', 'LifeSci Advisors', 'Ligia Vela-Reid', 'Special Note', 'press release', 'expected closing', 'The Company', 'partial exercise', 'treatment outcomes', 'listing prospectus', 'Johnson Innovation', 'additional subscription', 'other underwriters', 'stabilization period', 'Forward-Looking Statements', 'treatment possibilities', 'Ulysse Communication', 'AMF website', 'PARIS', 'CAMBRIDGE', 'Mass.', 'Euronext', 'NBTX', 'patients', 'cancer', 'availability', 'number', 'November', 'context', 'JJDC', 'accordance', 'approval', 'Economy', 'Finance', 'funds', 'proceeds', 'summary', 'article', 'capacity', 'stabilizing', 'agent', 'behalf', 'April', 'documents', 'amf-france', 'org', 'millions', 'people', 'difference', 'humanity', 'philosophy', 'concept', 'boundaries', 'December', 'subsidiaries', 'Massachusetts', 'owner', 'applications', 'biodistribution', 'disorders', 'resources', 'development', 'Europe', 'Hensify®', 'Contacts', 'VP', 'plgermain', 'Lvela-reid', 'lifesciadvisors', 'meaning', 'time']",2023-11-06,2023-11-07,marketscreener.com
32289,Euroclear,Bing API,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/notice-extraordinary-general-meeting-medivir-205000446.html,Notice of Extraordinary General Meeting in Medivir AB (publ),"The shareholders in Medivir AB (publ) reg. no. 556238-4361 (the ""Company"") are hereby convened to the extraordinary general meeting  which will be held on Friday 1 December 2023  at 10.00 CET at Helio GT30 ","STOCKHOLM  Nov. 7  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- The shareholders in Medivir AB (publ) reg. no. 556238-4361 (the ""Company"") are hereby convened to the extraordinary general meeting  which will be held on Friday 1 December 2023  at 10.00 CET at Helio GT30  Grev Turegatan 30  Stockholm  Sweden. Registration starts at 09.30 am. and will stop when the general meeting starts.Pursuant to § 11 of the Company's Articles of Association  the board of directors has resolved that shareholders may exercise their voting rights at the general meeting by post. Shareholders may therefore choose to exercise their voting rights at the general meeting  by proxy or through postal voting.Shareholders who wish to exercise their voting rights at the general meeting must:be recorded in the share register maintained by Euroclear Sweden AB (""Euroclear"") on 23 November 2023; andgive notice to the Company of their intention to attend the annual general meeting according to the instructions under the heading ""Notification of attendance in person or by proxy""  alternatively cast a postal vote according to the instructions under the heading ""Instructions for postal voting"" no later than 27 November 2023.Nominee-registered sharesShareholders whose shares are nominee-registered through a bank or other authorised depositary  for example in a custody account  must - in addition to giving notice of their attendance - request that the shares to be temporarily re-registered in their own name so that the shareholder is registered in Euroclear's share register as of the record date on 23 November 2023. Re-registration may be temporary (so-called voting rights registration) and is requested from the nominee in advance in accordance with the nominee's routines. Voting right registration that the shareholder has requested and has been issued by the nominee no later than 27 November 2023 will be accepted in the preparation of the share register.Story continuesPlease observe that this procedure may also apply for shares that are held in a bank's custody account and on certain Swedish investment savings accounts (ISK).Notification of attendance in person or by proxyShareholders who wish to attend the general meeting in person or by proxy must notify the Company of this no later than 27 November 2023 either:at the Company's website  www.medivir.se;by e-mail to GeneralMeetingService@euroclear.com;by phone +46 8-402 97 37; orby post to Medivir AB  ""Extraordinary general meeting""  c/o Euroclear Sweden AB  Box 191  101 23 Stockholm.In the notification  provide your name or company name  personal or organisation ID number  address  phone number and  if applicable  the number of persons attending with you (maximum two).If attending by proxy or representative  authorisation documents (a power of attorney and/or registration certificate) should be sent to Company at the above address well in advance of the general meeting and preferably by 27 November 2023. Power of attorney forms are available on the Company's website  www.medivir.se.Instructions for postal votingA special form shall be used for postal voting. Postal voting form is available at Company's website  www.medivir.se.Shareholders can vote by post in following ways:Completed and signed postal voting form can be sent by post to Medivir AB  ""Extraordinary general meeting""  c/o Euroclear Sweden AB  Box 191  101 23 Stockholm  or by e-mail to GeneralMeetingService@euroclear.com. The completed form must be received by Euroclear no later than 27 November 2023.Shareholders may also  no later than 27 November 2023  cast a postal vote electronically via verification with BankID on Euroclear's website https://anmalan.vpc.se/EuroclearProxy.The shareholder may not give instructions other than to mark one of the alternative answers on the form. If the shareholder has included special instructions or conditions on the form  or changed or made amendments to the pre-printed text  the postal vote will be considered invalid. Further instructions and conditions can be found in the postal voting form.If a shareholder casts a postal vote by proxy  a written and dated power of attorney signed by the shareholder shall be enclosed with the postal voting form. Power of attorney forms are available on Company's website  www.medivir.se. If the shareholder is a legal entity  a registration certificate or other authorisation document must be enclosed with the form.Those who wish to withdraw a submitted postal vote  and instead cast their vote by participating in the general meeting in person or by proxy  must notify the meeting's secretariat before the general meeting is opened. For questions concerning the postal voting procedure  please contact Euroclear  tel. +46 8-402 92 37 (Monday - Friday  between 9 a.m. - 4 p.m.).Personal dataPersonal data obtained from the share register  notices of attendance at the general meeting and information on proxies will be used for registration  preparation of the voting list for the general meeting and  where applicable  the minutes of the general meeting.For information about how your personal data is processed  please refer to the Privacy Policy available on Euroclear's website:https://www.euroclear.com/dam/ESwithLegal/Privacy-notice-bolagsstammor-engelska.pdf.Proposed agenda1. Opening of the meeting2. Election of the chairperson for the meeting3. Approval of the agenda4. Establishment and approval of the voting list5. Election of one or two persons to attest the minutes6. Determination as to whether the meeting has been duly convened7. Resolution on approval of the board of director's resolution on a rights issue of shares8. Closing of the meetingResolution proposalChairperson of the meeting (agenda item 2)The nomination committee has proposed that Uli Hacksell shall be elected chairperson of the meeting  or in the event of his absence  the person appointed by the board of directors.Resolution on approval of the board of director's resolution on a rights issue of shares (agenda item 7)On 7 November 2023  the board of directors resolved (in italics)  subject to the approval of the general meeting  on a new issue of shares with pre-emption rights for existing shareholders. The board of directors proposes that the general meeting approves the board of directors' resolution.The board of directors' resolves  subject to approval by an extraordinary general meeting  to increase the Company's share capital with a maximum of SEK 27 920 700 50 by an issue of 55 841 401 new ordinary shares in accordance with the conditions below.1. The right to subscribe for ordinary shares with pre-emption rights shall belong to those who  on the record date for the rights issue  are recorded as shareholders of the Company  where one (1) share shall entitle to one (1) subscription right.[1] One (1) subscription right entitles to subscription of one (1) ordinary share.2. The shareholders of the Company will have preferential rights to subscribe for ordinary shares in proportion to the number of shares they already own as stated above. The board of directors of the Company shall resolve on allocation of ordinary shares in accordance with the following order: (i) firstly allocation shall be made to those who have subscribed for ordinary shares with subscription rights  regardless of whether they were shareholders on the record date or not; (ii) secondly allocation shall be made to those who have subscribed for ordinary shares without the support of subscription rights and in the event that allotment to these cannot be made in full  allotment shall be made pro rata in relation to the total number of ordinary shares that the subscriber has applied to subscribe for  and (iii) finally  in case the rights issue is not subscribed up to the underwritten amount  the guarantors that have entered into guarantee commitments shall subscribe for the outstanding number of ordinary shares  up to the underwritten amount and up to each guarantor's respective committed amount  and in the event that allotment to such guarantors cannot be made in full in relation to their respective committed amount  allotment of ordinary shares shall be made pro rata in relation to each guarantor's respective committed amount. To the extent that allotment at any stage according to the above cannot be made pro rata  allotment shall be made by drawing lots.3. The record date for participation in the new issue of shares shall be on Tuesday 5 December 2023.4. The subscription price for each ordinary share shall be SEK 2.65.5. Subscription of new ordinary shares with subscription rights shall be made by simultaneous cash payment during the period from and including 7 December 2023 up to and including 21 December 2023. Subscription of new ordinary shares without subscription rights shall be made during the same period on a certain subscription list. Payment for new ordinary shares which are subscribed for without subscription rights shall be made by cash no later than two (2) banking days after information regarding allotment of ordinary shares has been sent. The board of directors shall have the right to extend the subscription and payment period.6. Subscription  as concerns possible subscription by issue guarantors  shall be made on a certain subscription list no later than two (2) banking days after the stated subscription period in item 5 above. Payment for such ordinary shares that are subscribed for and allotted shall be made by cash no later than on the two (2) banking day after the contract note has been sent  on which the allotted ordinary shares are set out. The board of directors shall have the right to extend the subscription and payment period.7. The new ordinary shares entitle to dividends for the first time on the first record date for dividend that takes place after the issue of new ordinary shares has been registered with the Swedish Companies Registration Office and been recorded in the share register kept by Euroclear Sweden AB.8. The premium for the ordinary shares shall be transferred to the unrestricted premium reserve.9. The CEO  or the person appointed by the board of directors  shall have the right to make the minor adjustments required to register the resolution with the Swedish Companies Registration Office.SharesAt the time of the issue of this notice  the total number of shares in the Company amounts to 56 706 151  whereof 55 841 401 ordinary shares and 864 750 shares of class C  corresponding to a total number of votes of 559 278 760. The Company holds 11 413 of its own ordinary shares and 864 750 of its own shares of class C. The Company may not vote for its own shares.DocumentationThe board of directors' complete proposals and other documentation pursuant to the Swedish Companies Act will be held available at the Company and on the Company's website in accordance with the Swedish Companies Act. The documents will on request be sent to shareholders who provide their postal address. The documents will also be available at the extraordinary general meeting.Information at the Extraordinary General MeetingShareholders are reminded of their right to receive information from the board of directors and at the extraordinary meeting in accordance with Chapter 7. Section 32 of the Swedish Companies Act.Stockholm in November 2023Medivir AB (publ)The Board of Directors[1] Shares held by the company do not entitle to participation in the rights issue.The following files are available for download:https://mb.cision.com/Main/652/3871348/2414765.pdf Press release (PDF)CisionView original content:https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/notice-of-extraordinary-general-meeting-in-medivir-ab-publ-301980687.htmlSOURCE Medivir",neutral,0.09,0.9,0.01,negative,0.01,0.35,0.64,True,English,"['Extraordinary General Meeting', 'Medivir AB', 'Notice', 'Swedish investment savings accounts', 'other authorised depositary', 'other authorisation document', 'organisation ID number', 'extraordinary general meeting', 'annual general meeting', 'Postal voting form', 'postal voting procedure', 'Euroclear Sweden AB', 'voting rights registration', 'authorisation documents', 'voting list', 'postal vote', 'special form', 'completed form', 'Helio GT30', 'Grev Turegatan', 'share register', 'custody account', 'record date', 'following ways', 'alternative answers', 'legal entity', 'Medivir AB', 'right registration', 'registration certificate', 'Personal data', 'Friday 1 December', 'phone number', 'attorney forms', 'special instructions', 'Further instructions', 'Nominee-registered shares', 'dated power', 'company name', 'STOCKHOLM', 'PRNewswire', 'shareholders', 'publ', 'reg.', '10.00 CET', 'Articles', 'Association', 'board', 'directors', 'proxy', '23 November', 'notice', 'intention', 'heading', 'Notification', 'attendance', '27 November', 'bank', 'example', 'addition', 'Re-registration', 'advance', 'accordance', 'routines', 'preparation', 'Story', 'ISK', 'website', 'mail', 'GeneralMeetingService', 'Box', 'address', 'persons', 'representative', 'verification', 'anmalan', 'vpc', 'conditions', 'amendments', 'text', 'written', 'secretariat', 'questions', 'tel', 'Monday', '9 a', 'information', 'proxies', 'minutes', '09.30', '4']",2023-11-07,2023-11-07,finance.yahoo.com
32290,Euroclear,Bing API,https://news.yahoo.com/eu-countries-concerned-risks-using-104611913.html,Some EU countries concerned about risks of using Russia's frozen assets,The European Union's bid to use billions of dollars in frozen Russian assets for the reconstruction of Ukraine faces challenges amid concerns about risks to financial markets. Source: European Pravda ,"The European Union's bid to use billions of dollars in frozen Russian assets for the reconstruction of Ukraine faces challenges amid concerns about risks to financial markets.Source: European Pravda  citing PoliticoDetails: EU leaders backed unprecedented steps to use profits from Moscow's state assets for the reconstruction of Ukraine at a summit in late October. European Commission President Ursula von der Leyen promised to present clear plans by the end of this year.However  some European governments are privately concerned about the risks to financial markets that could be caused by such a move. These fears now threaten to complicate von der Leyen's initiative.Belgium owns most of the Russian state assets frozen at the beginning of the full-scale Russian invasion of Ukraine in the EU. The Belgian government is reluctant to agree to the raiding of funds intended to reconstruct Ukraine if the rest of the G7 countries do not take the same step together with the EU.""We are looking with the G7 countries and the European Commission to have a structural solution for the frozen assets which doesn't destabilise the international financial system "" Belgian Prime Minister Alexander De Croo said in a speech to diplomats on Monday.Most Russian gold and currency reserves  frozen by the countries participating in the sanctions at the beginning of the war  are in the EU. Of these  EUR 180 billion is placed in Belgium’s Euroclear  a clearing house acting as a custodian for Russian reserves.When Russian securities reach maturity and are reinvested by financial intermediaries  they generate income. Euroclear received EUR 3 billion in profit from frozen assets in the first nine months of this year.Euroclear voluntarily segregated profits from the Russian assets  but says it incurred EUR 34 million in management and legal costs  as well as an estimated EUR 18 million in lost revenue. Asked about the EU's intentions to use these profits  Euroclear declined to comment.The EU has long floated the idea of taxing these profits in favour of Ukraine  but the European Central Bank and some EU capitals  including Paris  Berlin and Brussels  have expressed doubts. They fear the move will shake up financial markets and weaken the euro's position as a reserve currency.Belgium and Luxembourg  in particular  want guarantees that they will not be forced to bear all the legal and financial risks of such an unprecedented step. There is another clearing centre in Luxembourg that currently stores frozen Russian assets  Clearstream.For De Croo  it is important to work on solving the problem not only within the European framework but also together with other countries of the G7.US Treasury Secretary Janet Yellen recently showed more support for European plans to access frozen assets. G7 politically supported this idea.However  the G7 initiative also risks further delays. The agreed wording in the G7 statement does not yet go beyond the ""study"" of how this money can be directed to support Ukraine.Background:A group of former and current government officials  diplomats and academics had written an open letter to the Group of Seven countries and the EU calling for Ukraine to be allowed to use Russia's frozen assets.Support UP or become our patron!",negative,0.02,0.19,0.79,mixed,0.08,0.25,0.67,True,English,"['EU countries', 'frozen assets', 'risks', 'Russia', 'Belgian Prime Minister Alexander De Croo', 'US Treasury Secretary Janet Yellen', 'President Ursula von der Leyen', 'first nine months', 'current government officials', 'full-scale Russian invasion', 'Most Russian gold', 'The European Union', 'European Central Bank', 'international financial system', 'Russian state assets', 'Belgian government', 'Russian assets', 'Russian reserves', 'Russian securities', 'European Pravda', 'European Commission', 'European governments', 'European framework', 'European plans', 'financial markets', 'financial intermediaries', 'Politico Details', 'unprecedented steps', 'late October', 'clear plans', 'same step', 'structural solution', 'currency reserves', 'clearing house', 'frozen assets', 'reserve currency', 'clearing centre', 'open letter', 'other countries', 'Seven countries', 'G7 statement', 'legal costs', 'financial risks', 'G7 countries', 'EU leaders', 'EU capitals', 'G7 initiative', 'G7.', 'bid', 'billions', 'dollars', 'reconstruction', 'Ukraine', 'challenges', 'concerns', 'Source', 'profits', 'Moscow', 'summit', 'end', 'year', 'move', 'fears', 'Belgium', 'beginning', 'raiding', 'funds', 'rest', 'speech', 'diplomats', 'Monday', 'sanctions', 'war', 'Euroclear', 'custodian', 'maturity', 'income', 'management', 'revenue', 'intentions', 'idea', 'favour', 'Paris', 'Berlin', 'Brussels', 'doubts', 'position', 'Luxembourg', 'guarantees', 'Clearstream', 'problem', 'support', 'delays', 'wording', 'study', 'money', 'Background', 'group', 'former', 'academics', 'patron']",2023-11-07,2023-11-07,news.yahoo.com
32291,Euroclear,Bing API,https://www.politico.eu/article/belgium-afraid-to-go-it-alone-on-seizing-russian-assets-profits/,Seizing Russian cash to rebuild Ukraine won’t be so easy,Ursula von der Leyen wants an EU plan to unlock Moscow’s frozen assets by year-end. A deal will be hard to get.,"Belgium sits on the majority of Russian state assets frozen in the EU at the onset of Vladimir Putin’s full-scale invasion of Ukraine last year | Sergey Bobok/AFP via Getty ImagesPress play to listen to this article Voiced by artificial intelligence.The European Union’s aim to use billions of dollars in frozen Russian assets to rebuild Ukraine is running into trouble.Last month EU leaders backed unprecedented moves to use profits generated from Moscow’s state assets for reconstruction — and European Commission President Ursula von der Leyen promised over the weekend to deliver firm plans by the end of this year.But some European governments are privately worried about the risks to financial markets from such a move. Those fears now threaten to complicate von der Leyen’s initiative.Belgium sits on the majority of Russian state assets frozen in the EU at the onset of Vladimir Putin’s full-scale invasion of Ukraine last year. The Belgian government is reluctant to agree to raiding the funds for Ukrainian reconstruction without the rest of the G7 moving with the EU at the same time.“We are looking with the G7 countries and the European Commission to have a structural solution for the frozen assets which doesn't destabilize the international financial system "" Belgian Prime Minister Alexander De Croo said in a speech to diplomats on Monday. “You need a legal basis and it's clear that Belgium can not provide this legal basis on its own.”The majority of Russian foreign reserves frozen by countries participating in sanctions at the onset of Moscow's war on Ukraine sit in the EU. Of those  €180 billion are with Belgium’s Euroclear  a clearing house acting as a custodian for Russian reserves.As Russian securities reach maturity and are reinvested by financial intermediaries  they generate a profit. Euroclear generated €3 billion in profits from the frozen assets in the first nine months of this year.Euroclear has voluntarily kept profits arising from Russian assets separate  but claims to have incurred €34 million in management costs and legal expenses  as well as an estimated €18 million in missed income opportunities. Asked about the EU’s intention to make use of those profits  Euroclear declined to comment.The EU has long floated the idea of taxing those profits for Ukraine’s benefit — but the European Central Bank and some EU capitals  including Paris  Berlin and Brussels  have expressed doubts. They are afraid the move would roil financial markets and weaken the euro’s standing as a reserve currency.Last week  EU leaders called on the European Commission to make a legal proposal and said that “decisive progress is needed  in coordination with partners.”But Belgium and Luxembourg in particular want reassurance that they will not be forced to bear all the legal and financial risks of such an unprecedented move. Luxembourg is home to another clearinghouse currently holding frozen Russian assets  Clearstream.“You need a legal foundation and a way of doing it without destabilizing international financial flows. The macroeconomic impact is quite big ” De Croo told reporters just before the European leaders’ summit at the end of last month. “We are ready to help  but we need to be consulted. The money is in Belgium. If you do something  it will have to be in cooperation with us.”Last month EU leaders backed unprecedented moves to use profits generated from Moscow’s state assets for reconstruction | Anatolii Stepanov/AFP via Getty ImagesFor De Croo  it’s key to work on a solution not just within a European framework but jointly with other G7 countries.In Kyiv  von der Leyen acknowledged those demands for international cooperation. “On the windfall profits  I can confirm that we will have a proposal before the end of the year. It will be well aligned with our partners  the G7 partners ” she said at a press conference with Zelenskyy.U.S. Treasury secretary Janet Yellen has recently shown more support for the European plans to access the frozen assets. The G7 has politically backed the idea.Still  a G7 initiative also risks leading to even more delays. The agreed language in the G7 statement so far does not go beyond “exploring” how the money could be directed to support Ukraine.Kyiv  meanwhile  is running out of patience. “It's a rightful priority for Ukraine to get these Russian frozen assets for reconstruction of Ukraine "" Ukranian Finance Minister Serhiy Marchenko told POLITICO.Camille Gijs contributed reporting.",negative,0.04,0.19,0.77,mixed,0.08,0.24,0.68,True,English,"['Russian cash', 'Ukraine', 'European Commission President Ursula von der Leyen', 'Belgian Prime Minister Alexander De Croo', 'Ukranian Finance Minister Serhiy Marchenko', 'U.S. Treasury secretary', 'first nine months', 'European Central Bank', 'The European Union', 'European leaders’ summit', 'international financial system', 'international financial flows', 'Russian foreign reserves', 'Getty Images Press', 'other G7 countries', 'Russian state assets', 'frozen Russian assets', 'Belgian government', 'European governments', 'European framework', 'European plans', 'Russian reserves', 'press conference', 'The G7', 'frozen assets', 'financial markets', 'Russian securities', 'financial intermediaries', 'international cooperation', 'Vladimir Putin', 'full-scale invasion', 'Sergey Bobok/AFP', 'artificial intelligence', 'unprecedented moves', 'firm plans', 'same time', 'clearing house', 'management costs', 'income opportunities', 'reserve currency', 'decisive progress', 'macroeconomic impact', 'last month', 'Anatolii Stepanov/AFP', 'Janet Yellen', 'G7 statement', 'rightful priority', 'Camille Gijs', 'financial risks', 'legal basis', 'legal expenses', 'legal foundation', 'EU leaders', 'structural solution', 'G7 initiative', 'EU capitals', 'legal proposal', 'G7 partners', 'Ukrainian reconstruction', 'windfall profits', 'Belgium', 'majority', 'onset', 'Ukraine', 'article', 'aim', 'billions', 'dollars', 'trouble', 'Moscow', 'weekend', 'year', 'fears', 'funds', 'rest', 'speech', 'diplomats', 'Monday', 'sanctions', 'war', 'Euroclear', 'custodian', 'maturity', 'intention', 'idea', 'benefit', 'Paris', 'Berlin', 'Brussels', 'doubts', 'standing', 'coordination', 'Luxembourg', 'reassurance', 'clearinghouse', 'Clearstream', 'way', 'reporters', 'money', 'something', 'Kyiv', 'demands', 'Zelenskyy', 'support', 'delays', 'language', 'patience', 'POLITICO', 'reporting']",2023-11-06,2023-11-07,politico.eu
32292,Clearstream,Bing API,https://www.politico.eu/article/belgium-afraid-to-go-it-alone-on-seizing-russian-assets-profits/,Seizing Russian cash to rebuild Ukraine won’t be so easy,Ursula von der Leyen wants an EU plan to unlock Moscow’s frozen assets by year-end. A deal will be hard to get.,"Belgium sits on the majority of Russian state assets frozen in the EU at the onset of Vladimir Putin’s full-scale invasion of Ukraine last year | Sergey Bobok/AFP via Getty ImagesPress play to listen to this article Voiced by artificial intelligence.The European Union’s aim to use billions of dollars in frozen Russian assets to rebuild Ukraine is running into trouble.Last month EU leaders backed unprecedented moves to use profits generated from Moscow’s state assets for reconstruction — and European Commission President Ursula von der Leyen promised over the weekend to deliver firm plans by the end of this year.But some European governments are privately worried about the risks to financial markets from such a move. Those fears now threaten to complicate von der Leyen’s initiative.Belgium sits on the majority of Russian state assets frozen in the EU at the onset of Vladimir Putin’s full-scale invasion of Ukraine last year. The Belgian government is reluctant to agree to raiding the funds for Ukrainian reconstruction without the rest of the G7 moving with the EU at the same time.“We are looking with the G7 countries and the European Commission to have a structural solution for the frozen assets which doesn't destabilize the international financial system "" Belgian Prime Minister Alexander De Croo said in a speech to diplomats on Monday. “You need a legal basis and it's clear that Belgium can not provide this legal basis on its own.”The majority of Russian foreign reserves frozen by countries participating in sanctions at the onset of Moscow's war on Ukraine sit in the EU. Of those  €180 billion are with Belgium’s Euroclear  a clearing house acting as a custodian for Russian reserves.As Russian securities reach maturity and are reinvested by financial intermediaries  they generate a profit. Euroclear generated €3 billion in profits from the frozen assets in the first nine months of this year.Euroclear has voluntarily kept profits arising from Russian assets separate  but claims to have incurred €34 million in management costs and legal expenses  as well as an estimated €18 million in missed income opportunities. Asked about the EU’s intention to make use of those profits  Euroclear declined to comment.The EU has long floated the idea of taxing those profits for Ukraine’s benefit — but the European Central Bank and some EU capitals  including Paris  Berlin and Brussels  have expressed doubts. They are afraid the move would roil financial markets and weaken the euro’s standing as a reserve currency.Last week  EU leaders called on the European Commission to make a legal proposal and said that “decisive progress is needed  in coordination with partners.”But Belgium and Luxembourg in particular want reassurance that they will not be forced to bear all the legal and financial risks of such an unprecedented move. Luxembourg is home to another clearinghouse currently holding frozen Russian assets  Clearstream.“You need a legal foundation and a way of doing it without destabilizing international financial flows. The macroeconomic impact is quite big ” De Croo told reporters just before the European leaders’ summit at the end of last month. “We are ready to help  but we need to be consulted. The money is in Belgium. If you do something  it will have to be in cooperation with us.”Last month EU leaders backed unprecedented moves to use profits generated from Moscow’s state assets for reconstruction | Anatolii Stepanov/AFP via Getty ImagesFor De Croo  it’s key to work on a solution not just within a European framework but jointly with other G7 countries.In Kyiv  von der Leyen acknowledged those demands for international cooperation. “On the windfall profits  I can confirm that we will have a proposal before the end of the year. It will be well aligned with our partners  the G7 partners ” she said at a press conference with Zelenskyy.U.S. Treasury secretary Janet Yellen has recently shown more support for the European plans to access the frozen assets. The G7 has politically backed the idea.Still  a G7 initiative also risks leading to even more delays. The agreed language in the G7 statement so far does not go beyond “exploring” how the money could be directed to support Ukraine.Kyiv  meanwhile  is running out of patience. “It's a rightful priority for Ukraine to get these Russian frozen assets for reconstruction of Ukraine "" Ukranian Finance Minister Serhiy Marchenko told POLITICO.Camille Gijs contributed reporting.",negative,0.04,0.19,0.77,mixed,0.08,0.24,0.68,True,English,"['Russian cash', 'Ukraine', 'European Commission President Ursula von der Leyen', 'Belgian Prime Minister Alexander De Croo', 'Ukranian Finance Minister Serhiy Marchenko', 'U.S. Treasury secretary', 'first nine months', 'European Central Bank', 'The European Union', 'European leaders’ summit', 'international financial system', 'international financial flows', 'Russian foreign reserves', 'Getty Images Press', 'other G7 countries', 'Russian state assets', 'frozen Russian assets', 'Belgian government', 'European governments', 'European framework', 'European plans', 'Russian reserves', 'press conference', 'The G7', 'frozen assets', 'financial markets', 'Russian securities', 'financial intermediaries', 'international cooperation', 'Vladimir Putin', 'full-scale invasion', 'Sergey Bobok/AFP', 'artificial intelligence', 'unprecedented moves', 'firm plans', 'same time', 'clearing house', 'management costs', 'income opportunities', 'reserve currency', 'decisive progress', 'macroeconomic impact', 'last month', 'Anatolii Stepanov/AFP', 'Janet Yellen', 'G7 statement', 'rightful priority', 'Camille Gijs', 'financial risks', 'legal basis', 'legal expenses', 'legal foundation', 'EU leaders', 'structural solution', 'G7 initiative', 'EU capitals', 'legal proposal', 'G7 partners', 'Ukrainian reconstruction', 'windfall profits', 'Belgium', 'majority', 'onset', 'Ukraine', 'article', 'aim', 'billions', 'dollars', 'trouble', 'Moscow', 'weekend', 'year', 'fears', 'funds', 'rest', 'speech', 'diplomats', 'Monday', 'sanctions', 'war', 'Euroclear', 'custodian', 'maturity', 'intention', 'idea', 'benefit', 'Paris', 'Berlin', 'Brussels', 'doubts', 'standing', 'coordination', 'Luxembourg', 'reassurance', 'clearinghouse', 'Clearstream', 'way', 'reporters', 'money', 'something', 'Kyiv', 'demands', 'Zelenskyy', 'support', 'delays', 'language', 'patience', 'POLITICO', 'reporting']",2023-11-06,2023-11-07,politico.eu
32293,Deutsche Boerse,Bing API,https://www.bnnbloomberg.ca/european-stocks-dip-as-energy-growth-worries-outweigh-ubs-gains-1.1995294,European Stocks Dip as Energy  Growth Worries Outweigh UBS Gains,European stocks fell on Tuesday as worries about economic growth and losses across energy stocks overshadowed some positive earnings updates.,(Bloomberg) -- European stocks fell on Tuesday as worries about economic growth and losses across energy stocks overshadowed some positive earnings updates.The Stoxx Europe 600 Index closed 0.2% lower in London  with energy stocks the biggest losers as oil declined  while more cyclical sectors like miners  autos and banks also fell. Technology and financial services stocks outperformed. German industrial output fell for a fourth month in September  highlighting the challenge that Europe’s largest economy faces in averting a recession.However  some updates late in the earnings season provided some support. UBS Group AG shares rose thanks to stronger-than-expected client inflows in its wealth-management business  while Associated British Foods Plc was also among the biggest gainers as the Primark-owner predicted a rise in profit.French utility Engie SA gained after raising its financial targets amid a boost from higher renewable-power generation.Read more: RS Group Loses and Then Regains £600 Million on Wild Results DayEuropean equities have rallied in November  rebounding after recently reaching their lowest level in nearly 10 months amid worries over rising bond yields  a disappointing earnings season and the Israel-Hamas conflict.“The main problem for investors is a lack of clarity over 2024 given continued market uncertainty around the macroeconomic environment ” Helen Jewell  co-CIO Fundamental Equities EMEA at BlackRock  said in written comments. “Once that clarity arrives  we could see support for stocks because valuations are so low at the moment. They are historically cheap in Europe.”Last week’s data showing job growth in the US moderated in October more than expected has prompted speculation that the Federal Reserve could be done with its tightening campaign. Equity sectors which are more sensitive to interest rates  such as real estate and technology  have been among the biggest gainers so far this month.However  not all investors are convinced. Michael Field  European market strategist at Morningstar  is questioning how sustainable the recent rally really is.“There’s not a huge upside to buying the market at this point  so you have to lure investors back in at a time when interest rates are very high  inflation is still running above what it should be  companies are saying that things aren’t great out there ” Field said by phone. “And  yet  we’re trying to get investors to still be positive about the market  which is the difficult thing  which makes me think that it’s unlikely that we’re going to continue to see a rally.”For more on equity markets:Buyback Factor Is Bright Spot for Glum UK Equities: Taking StockM&A Watch Europe: Restaurant Group  Deutsche Börse  AIB GroupEurope Share Sales Beat 2022 Level Bucking IPO Trend: ECM WatchUS Stock Futures Fall; Ventyx Bio  Alto Ingredients Inc FallScottish Mortgage Sees Valuations Drop: The London RushYou want more news on this market? Click here for a curated First Word channel of actionable news from Bloomberg and select sources. It can be customized to your preferences by clicking into Actions on the toolbar or hitting the HELP key for assistance. To subscribe to a daily list of European analyst rating changes  click here.--With assistance from Michael Msika.©2023 Bloomberg L.P.,neutral,0.06,0.84,0.11,negative,0.03,0.25,0.72,True,English,"['European Stocks', 'Growth Worries', 'UBS Gains', 'Energy', 'Associated British Foods Plc', 'CIO Fundamental Equities EMEA', '2022 Level Bucking IPO Trend', 'European analyst rating changes', 'UBS Group AG shares', 'The Stoxx Europe 600 Index', 'M&A Watch Europe', 'German industrial output', 'higher renewable-power generation', 'Wild Results Day', 'rising bond yields', 'Glum UK Equities', 'Deutsche Börse', 'Alto Ingredients Inc', 'First Word channel', 'The London Rush', 'disappointing earnings season', 'Bloomberg L.P.', 'positive earnings updates', 'financial services stocks', 'European market strategist', 'US Stock Futures', 'European equities', 'lowest level', 'ECM Watch', 'European stocks', 'financial targets', 'RS Group', 'Restaurant Group', 'AIB Group', 'economic growth', 'energy stocks', 'biggest losers', 'cyclical sectors', 'fourth month', 'largest economy', 'client inflows', 'wealth-management business', 'biggest gainers', 'French utility', 'Engie SA', 'Israel-Hamas conflict', 'main problem', 'macroeconomic environment', 'Helen Jewell', 'job growth', 'Federal Reserve', 'tightening campaign', 'Equity sectors', 'interest rates', 'real estate', 'huge upside', 'difficult thing', 'equity markets', 'Buyback Factor', 'Bright Spot', 'Ventyx Bio', 'Scottish Mortgage', 'HELP key', 'daily list', 'Michael Msika', 'market uncertainty', 'Michael Field', 'recent rally', 'actionable news', 'Tuesday', 'worries', 'losses', 'oil', 'miners', 'autos', 'banks', 'Technology', 'September', 'challenge', 'recession', 'support', 'stronger', 'expected', 'Primark-owner', 'rise', 'profit', 'boost', 'November', '10 months', 'investors', 'lack', 'clarity', 'written', 'comments', 'valuations', 'moment', 'data', 'October', 'speculation', 'Morningstar', 'time', 'inflation', 'companies', 'things', 'phone', 'Sales', 'sources', 'preferences', 'Actions', 'toolbar', 'assistance']",2023-11-07,2023-11-07,bnnbloomberg.ca
32294,Deutsche Boerse,Bing API,https://www.waterstechnology.com/trading-tech/7951439/deutsche-borse-to-merge-simcorp-and-axioma-excluding-qontigo,Deutsche Börse to merge SimCorp and Axioma  excluding Qontigo,Speaking at Deutsche Börse’s Investor Day  held on November 7  CEO Theodor Weimer announced that the integration of Danish trading tech vendor SimCorp into the business was complete  and that it would be merging with Axioma  a subsidiary of the exchange ...,Speaking at Deutsche Börse’s Investor Day  held on November 7  CEO Theodor Weimer announced that the integration of Danish trading tech vendor SimCorp into the business was complete  and that it would be merging with Axioma  a subsidiary of the exchange since 2019 and partner of SimCorp since 2021. Axioma currently provides factor risk models  portfolio construction tools  and multi-asset class enterprise risk solutions to buy-side clients.Deutsche Börse’s acquisition of SimCorp in May marked,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.01,neutral,0.04,0.92,0.04,True,English,"['Deutsche Börse', 'SimCorp', 'Axioma', 'Qontigo', 'multi-asset class enterprise risk solutions', 'Danish trading tech vendor', 'factor risk models', 'Deutsche Börse', 'CEO Theodor Weimer', 'portfolio construction tools', 'Investor Day', 'side clients', 'November', 'integration', 'SimCorp', 'business', 'Axioma', 'subsidiary', 'exchange', 'partner', 'acquisition', 'May']",2023-11-07,2023-11-07,waterstechnology.com
32295,Deutsche Boerse,Bing API,https://www.finextra.com/pressarticle/98691/deutsche-brse-to-focus-on-investment-solutions-and-digital-assets-under-horizon-2026-strategy,Deutsche Börse to focus on investment solutions and digital assets under 'Horizon 2026' strategy,At today’s Investor Day  Deutsche Börse AG will present its new “Horizon 2026” strategy. This content is provided by an external author without editing by Finextra. It expresses the views and opinions of the author.,"Source: Deutsche BörseAt today’s Investor Day  Deutsche Börse AG will present its new “Horizon 2026” strategy.The core elements of the strategy are:continued strong organic growth of seven per cent per year until 2026the completed acquisition of SimCorp  contributing a further three per cent per year to growththe new Investment Management Solutions segment as a strategic cornerstone with high growth potential and recurring revenuesan expansion of the leading position in the area of digital platforms for existing and new asset classesa refined capital management with more active use of share buy-backs  beginning in the first quarter 2024 with a volume of €300 millionWith regards to organic growth  Deutsche Börse can look back on a continuous successful track record. Based on structural industry trends  evolving customer needs and a normalising interest rate environment  organic growth will remain the cornerstone of the strategy in the future.Organic growth will be strengthened by the new Investment Management Solutions (IMS) segment. In this segment  Deutsche Börse Group bundles all solutions for the increasingly important buy side (asset managers und asset owners). It combines the existing subsidiaries Institutional Shareholder Services (ISS) and STOXX as well as Axioma with the newly added software and SaaS business of SimCorp. The segment contributes in particular to higher recurring revenues for Deutsche Börse Group. Furthermore  the company expects significant synergy potential of around €90 million on EBITDA level through increased revenues and cost efficiencies.The combination of SimCorp and Axioma creates a fully integrated ""end-to-end"" investment solutions offering for institutional investors - from portfolio management to reporting. By combining ISS's ESG business with STOXX's index business  high-quality data can be increasingly utilised for the development of new indices for institutional investors.Deutsche Börse is a leader in the field of digital solutions. In the long term  there is further growth potential from new technologies arising from the digitalisation of existing or new asset classes along with their corresponding trading and settlement platforms. For Deutsche Börse Group  the focus is on the further expansion of cloud usage  the accelerated development of Clearstream's digital post-trading platform D7 and the establishment of a trading platform for digital asset classes to significantly expand the range of both investable and tradable instruments. The necessary initial investments are already included in the Horizon 2026 strategy  while the long-term positive effects on the Group's revenues are not included.Net revenue to increase on average by 10 per cent annuallyOverall  Deutsche Börse expects organic growth and the new IMS segment to result in average annual growth in net revenues of around 10 per cent compared to 2022 to around €6.4 billion in 2026. The expected organic growth will account for the largest share of this  with average annual growth of around 7 per cent  which is mainly driven by structural growth. Operating costs will continue to be managed effectively. For 2022 up to and including 2026  Deutsche Börse therefore expects an average annual increase in earnings before interest  taxes  depreciation and amortisation (EBITDA) of around 11 per cent to approximately €3.8 billion.Theodor Weimer  CEO of Deutsche Börse  comments on the new strategy: “Over the past years  we have expanded our strong business model significantly into higher growth and recurring revenue areas. Horizon 2026 is a natural evolution of our strategy and mainly based on three strategic imperatives: first  the continued delivery of strong organic growth  which has been a proven strength of Deutsche Börse over the last years. Second  the successful implementation of the new Investment Management Solutions segment with its strong growth and high synergy potential. And last but not least we want to expand our leading role in the digitalisation of asset classes.”As part of its mid-term growth strategy  Deutsche Börse Group has refined its capital management. Going forward  Deutsche Börse aims to distribute dividends equivalent to between 30 and 40 per cent of net profit attributable to its shareholders. Furthermore  an increasing dividend per share is planned. In case of excess liquidity  it is intended to complement the dividend with share buy-backs. As part of the refined capital management the Executive Board of Deutsche Börse AG resolved yesterday to initiate - for the first time under the refined capital management - a share buy-back programme of €300 million beginning in the first quarter of 2024.",neutral,0.03,0.97,0.01,positive,0.87,0.13,0.01,True,English,"['Deutsche Börse', 'investment solutions', 'digital assets', ""Horizon 2026' strategy"", 'existing subsidiaries Institutional Shareholder Services', 'new Investment Management Solutions segment', 'continuous successful track record', 'normalising interest rate environment', 'Deutsche Börse AG', 'Deutsche Börse Group', 'investment solutions offering', 'refined capital management', 'important buy side', 'necessary initial investments', 'long-term positive effects', 'average annual increase', 'significant synergy potential', 'high synergy potential', 'new IMS segment', 'structural industry trends', 'three strategic imperatives', 'new asset classes', 'average annual growth', 'recurring revenue areas', 'high growth potential', 'digital post-trading platform', 'strong business model', 'share buy-back programme', 'digital asset classes', 'seven per cent', 'three per cent', 'strong organic growth', 'mid-term growth strategy', 'higher recurring revenues', 'digital solutions', 'portfolio management', 'IMS) segment', 'new indices', 'new technologies', 'strong growth', 'institutional investors', 'successful implementation', 'new strategy', 'structural growth', 'higher growth', '10 per cent', '7 per cent', '11 per cent', '40 per cent', 'digital platforms', 'asset managers', 'asset owners', 'Net revenue', 'SaaS business', 'ESG business', 'index business', 'Investor Day', 'core elements', 'strategic cornerstone', 'leading position', 'active use', 'share buy-backs', 'first quarter', 'customer needs', 'cost efficiencies', 'high-quality data', 'long term', 'corresponding trading', 'settlement platforms', 'cloud usage', 'tradable instruments', 'largest share', 'Operating costs', 'Theodor Weimer', 'past years', 'natural evolution', 'continued delivery', 'last years', 'leading role', 'net profit', 'excess liquidity', 'Executive Board', 'first time', 'EBITDA level', 'increasing dividend', 'Horizon 2026” strategy', 'Horizon 2026 strategy', 'Source', 'today', 'acquisition', 'SimCorp', 'expansion', 'volume', 'regards', 'evolving', 'future', 'ISS', 'STOXX', 'Axioma', 'software', 'company', 'combination', 'reporting', 'development', 'leader', 'field', 'digitalisation', 'focus', 'Clearstream', 'D7', 'establishment', 'range', 'investable', 'earnings', 'taxes', 'depreciation', 'amortisation', 'CEO', 'strength', 'part', 'dividends', 'shareholders', 'case', '30']",2023-11-07,2023-11-07,finextra.com
32296,Deutsche Boerse,Bing API,https://www.assetservicingtimes.com/assetservicesnews/industryarticle.php?article_id=15014&navigationaction=industrynews&newssection=industry,SimCorp and Axioma announce merger,SimCorp has announced a merger with factor risk model  portfolio construction tool and multi-asset class enterprise risk solution provider Axioma. The announcement follows the acquisition of SimCorp by Deutsche Börse Group in September 2023.,SimCorp and Axioma announce mergerSimCorp has announced a merger with factor risk model  portfolio construction tool and multi-asset class enterprise risk solution provider Axioma.The announcement follows the acquisition of SimCorp by Deutsche Börse Group in September 2023. Axioma has been part of Qontigo  a Deutsche Börse Group subsidiary  since 2019.Axioma became a strategic partner of SimCorp in 2021  with its portfolio optimisation and risk analytics capabilities made available to the latter’s investment management platform clients. The joint value proposition has sparked a number of appointments by clients  including Hassana Investment Company  AP3 and AP4.Currently  SimCorp provides the technology backbone for more than 300 major financial institutions  while more than 380 investment managers use Axioma’s solutions worldwide. Following the merger  SimCorp’s open platform strategy and the Axioma brand will remain available to other risk management and investment management platform providers respectively.Christian Kromann  CEO of SimCorp  says: “To succeed in today's rapidly evolving investment landscape  a flexible and holistic approach to portfolio construction and risk management is essential. The combined strength of SimCorp and Axioma makes our agile  front-to-back platform market-leading.??“By merging with Axioma  SimCorp further strengthens our presence in key markets  such as North America  which is our primary growth market. This paves the way for accelerating growth. Over the past two years  our partnership has proven highly successful  and by strategically utilising each other’s market positions  we can now access a broader market with an even stronger offering.”,neutral,0.04,0.95,0.01,positive,0.59,0.39,0.02,True,English,"['SimCorp', 'Axioma', 'merger', 'multi-asset class enterprise risk solution provider', 'Deutsche Börse Group subsidiary', 'investment management platform providers', 'investment management platform clients', 'other risk management', 'factor risk model', 'risk analytics capabilities', 'open platform strategy', 'Hassana Investment Company', 'evolving investment landscape', 'joint value proposition', '300 major financial institutions', 'past two years', 'portfolio construction tool', 'primary growth market', 'back platform', '380 investment managers', 'portfolio optimisation', 'market positions', 'broader market', 'strategic partner', 'technology backbone', 'Christian Kromann', 'holistic approach', 'combined strength', 'key markets', 'North America', 'stronger offering', 'Axioma brand', 'SimCorp', 'merger', 'announcement', 'acquisition', 'September', 'Qontigo', 'number', 'appointments', 'AP3', 'solutions', 'CEO', 'today', 'flexible', 'agile', 'presence', 'way', 'partnership']",2023-11-07,2023-11-07,assetservicingtimes.com
32297,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/11/06/2774168/0/en/ASM-joins-the-Catalyze-program-as-founding-sponsor-designed-to-expedite-renewable-electricity-use-in-its-global-supply-chain.html,ASM joins the Catalyze program as founding sponsor designed to expedite renewable electricity use in its global supply chain,Almere  The Netherlands November 6  2023    ASM International N.V. (Euronext Amsterdam: ASM) is proud to announce it is teaming up with Schneider...,"Almere  The NetherlandsNovember 6  2023ASM International N.V. (Euronext Amsterdam: ASM) is proud to announce it is teaming up with Schneider Electric by joining the Catalyze program as a founding sponsor.Announced at SEMICON West 2023  Catalyze is a pioneering initiative that is designed to further the adoption of renewable electricity throughout the global semiconductor value chain.ASM joins Intel and Applied Materials as founding sponsors of the program. This collaboration is driven by a shared vision - expediting the semiconductor industry’s shift towards renewable electricity  and paving the way for a greener  lower-carbon economy.The program aims to grow global availability of renewable electricity by accelerating the deployment of renewable electricity projects through joint long-term sourcing agreements. In addition  it facilitates pooling of required energy needs  thereby enabling companies who might otherwise lack the capability to tap into the utility-scale power purchase agreements (PPAs) market. It will initially focus on enabling suppliers with energy loads in specific markets in the semiconductor value chain where renewable energy has limited availability  with the intention to expand globally where specific interest and renewable energy market opportunities align.""Our sponsorship in the Catalyze program is another step in our sustainability efforts in our journey of our net-zero 2035 target. The semiconductor industry is at the heart of modern innovation  and it is imperative that we lead in technology  but we also contribute with efforts in protecting the planet. Together we aim to make significant strides "" said Steve Corvi  Vice President Supply Chain at ASM.ASM has been working with its supply chain on sustainability for several years. In 2022  100% of its critical suppliers committed to the Responsible Business Alliance Code of Conduct. Now  ASM is excited to help our value chain in securing renewable  low-carbon energy to fuel the industry’s future. Our announcement to join the Catalyze program is ahead of our Supplier Day on November 8  2023.This program will also contribute towards our net-zero 2035 target  which was recently verified by SBTi (Science Based Targets Initiative)  as announced on August 28  2023. With 99% of our total emissions in scope 3  accelerated adoption of renewable electricity throughout the value chain is an important step forward.About ASM InternationalASM International N.V.  headquartered in Almere  the Netherlands  and its subsidiaries design and manufacture equipment and process solutions to produce semiconductor devices for wafer processing  and have facilities in the United States  Europe  and Asia. ASM International's common stock trades on the Euronext Amsterdam Stock Exchange (symbol: ASM). For more information  visit ASM's website at www.asm.com .ContactInvestor and media relationsVictor BareñoT: +31 88 100 8500E: investor.relations@asm.com",neutral,0.06,0.94,0.01,positive,0.76,0.23,0.01,True,English,"['renewable electricity use', 'global supply chain', 'Catalyze program', 'founding sponsor', 'ASM', 'joint long-term sourcing agreements', 'utility-scale power purchase agreements', 'Responsible Business Alliance Code', 'Victor Bareño T', 'Science Based Targets Initiative', 'Vice President Supply Chain', 'Euronext Amsterdam Stock Exchange', 'ASM International N.V.', 'renewable energy market opportunities', 'global semiconductor value chain', 'common stock trades', 'greener, lower-carbon economy', 'renewable, low-carbon energy', 'renewable electricity projects', 'pioneering initiative', 'PPAs) market', 'energy needs', 'energy loads', 'semiconductor devices', 'global availability', 'semiconductor industry', 'Schneider Electric', 'founding sponsor', 'SEMICON West', 'Applied Materials', 'specific markets', 'specific interest', 'net-zero 2035 target', 'modern innovation', 'significant strides', 'Steve Corvi', 'several years', 'Supplier Day', 'total emissions', 'process solutions', 'wafer processing', 'United States', 'media relations', 'The Netherlands', 'critical suppliers', 'important step', 'Catalyze program', 'sustainability efforts', 'Almere', 'adoption', 'Intel', 'collaboration', 'vision', 'shift', 'way', 'deployment', 'addition', 'pooling', 'companies', 'capability', 'intention', 'sponsorship', 'journey', 'heart', 'technology', 'planet', 'future', 'announcement', 'November', 'SBTi', 'August', 'scope', 'subsidiaries', 'manufacture', 'equipment', 'facilities', 'Europe', 'Asia', 'symbol', 'information', 'website', 'Contact', 'Investor']",2023-11-06,2023-11-07,globenewswire.com
32298,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/TITAN-CEMENT-INTERNATIONA-62465406/news/Titan-Cement-International-Share-Buyback-Programme-45245748/,Titan Cement International : Share Buyback Programme -November 06  2023 at 02:39 am EST,(marketscreener.com)   Media Release   Regulated Information   Share buyback programme   Brussels  6 November 2023  08:30 CET - Titan Cement International SA announces that the Company purchased in total 17 500 shares of Titan Cement International …,Media ReleaseRegulated InformationShare buyback programmeBrussels  6 November 2023  08:30 CET - Titan Cement International SA (the Company) (Euronext Brussels  ATHEX and Euronext Paris  TITC) announces that the Company purchased in total 17 500 shares of Titan Cement International SA on Euronext Brussels and the Athens Stock Exchange in the period from October 30  2023  until November 3  2023. The programme is implemented in compliance with the applicable buyback rules and regulations.Date Number of Total amount Average Lowest Highest Regulated shares (Eur) price (Eur) price (Eur) price (Eur) market 30/10/2023 1 200 20 204.82 16.8374 16.80 16.90 Euronext 30/10/2023 2 500 42 152.92 16.8612 16.76 16.92 ΑΤΗΕΧ 31/10/2023 1 200 20 793.58 17.3280 16.92 17.68 Euronext 31/10/2023 2 000 34 812.42 17.4062 17.00 17.50 ΑΤΗΕΧ 01/11/2023 1 200 21 483.66 17.9031 17.72 18.00 Euronext 01/11/2023 2 000 35 862.72 17.9314 17.64 18.00 ΑΤΗΕΧ 02/11/2023 1 200 21 748.80 18.1240 18.08 18.20 Euronext 02/11/2023 2 500 45 386.32 18.1545 18.02 18.34 ΑΤΗΕΧ 03/11/2023 1 200 21 864.66 18.2206 18.10 18.30 Euronext 03/11/2023 2 500 45 628.70 18.2515 18.20 18.36 ΑΤΗΕΧ Total 17 500 309 938.60 17.7108Following the above transactions  Titan Cement International SA owns (directly or indirectly through its subsidiary Titan Cement Company SA) 3 751 205 shares  representing 4.79% of the voting rights of the Company.This press release may be consulted on the website of Titan Cement International SA via this link: https://ir.titan-cement.com/en/regulatory-stock-exchange-announcementsthe website of Titan Cement International SA via this link: For further information  please contact Investor Relations at +30 210 2591 257About Titan Cement International SATITAN Group is a leading international business in the building and infrastructure materials industry  with passionate teams committed to providing innovative solutions for a better world. With most of its activity in the USA  the Group employs over 5 000 people and operates in more than 25 countries  holding prominent positions in the USA  Greece  the Balkans  and the Eastern Mediterranean. The Group also has a joint venture in Brazil. With a 120-year history  TITAN has always fostered a family- and entrepreneurial-oriented culture for its employees and works tirelessly with its customers to meet the modern needs of society while promoting sustainable growth with responsibility and integrity. TITAN has set a net-zero goal for 2050 and has its CO₂ reduction targets validated by the Science Based Targets initiative (SBTi). The company is listed on Euronext and the Athens Exchange. For more information  visit our website at www.titan-cement.com.Page 1/1,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,neutral,0.04,0.95,0.01,True,English,"['Titan Cement International', 'Share Buyback Programme', 'November', '02', 'Average Lowest Highest Regulated shares', 'Science Based Targets initiative', 'Titan Cement International SA', 'Media Release Regulated Information', 'Titan Cement Company SA', 'leading international business', 'CO₂ reduction targets', 'applicable buyback rules', 'infrastructure materials industry', 'Share buyback programme', 'Athens Stock Exchange', 'press release', 'Athens Exchange', 'TITAN Group', 'Date Number', 'voting rights', 'Investor Relations', 'passionate teams', 'innovative solutions', 'prominent positions', 'Eastern Mediterranean', 'joint venture', '120-year history', 'entrepreneurial-oriented culture', 'modern needs', 'sustainable growth', 'net-zero goal', 'The Group', 'Euronext Paris', 'Total amount', 'Euronext Brussels', '17,500 shares', '3,751,205 shares', 'ΤΗΕΧ Total', '08:30 CET', 'ATHEX', 'TITC', 'period', 'October', 'November', 'compliance', 'regulations', 'price', 'market', 'transactions', 'subsidiary', 'website', 'link', 'titan-cement', 'regulatory-stock-exchange-announcements', 'building', 'world', 'activity', 'USA', '5,000 people', '25 countries', 'Greece', 'Balkans', 'Brazil', 'employees', 'customers', 'society', 'responsibility', 'integrity', 'SBTi', 'Page', 'Α', '+30']",2023-11-06,2023-11-07,marketscreener.com
32299,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/ALLFUNDS-GROUP-PLC-121986190/news/Allfunds-reports-on-the-progress-of-its-share-buyback-programme-45251537/,Allfunds : reports on the progress of its share buyback programme -November 06  2023 at 12:21 pm EST,(marketscreener.com)  London/Madrid/Amsterdam - Allfunds Group plc informs today that  under its share buyback programme announced on 28 July 2023  640 204 of its own ordinary shares have been repurchased during the week of 30 October 2023 up to and includin…,"London/Madrid/Amsterdam - Allfunds Group plc (""Allfunds"") (TICKER: ALLFG) informs today that  under its share buyback programme announced on 28 July 2023  640 204 of its own ordinary shares have been repurchased during the week of 30 October 2023 up to and including 3 November 2023 on Euronext Amsterdam. The shares were repurchased at an average price of €5.04 per share. The total consideration of the repurchase was €3 248 610.53.The total number of shares repurchased under this programme to date is 8 777 333 ordinary shares for a total consideration of €46 518 832.40. To date approximately 93.04% of the maximum total value of the first tranche of the share buyback programme has been completed.The buyback is being carried out under the authority to purchase own shares granted by the shareholders of Allfunds at its annual general meeting held on 9 May 2023 and in compliance with the requirements set out in article 5 of the Market Abuse Regulation (EU) 596/2014 and Chapter II of Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2016/1052.For detailed information on the individual share purchase transactions  see the Allfunds investor website at: https://investors.allfunds.com/share_info#share_programme.This press release is issued in connection with the disclosure and reporting obligation set out in Article 2(2) of Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2016/1052.",neutral,0.16,0.83,0.01,neutral,0.02,0.93,0.05,True,English,"['share buyback programme', 'Allfunds', 'reports', 'progress', 'November', '12:21', 'individual share purchase transactions', 'annual general meeting', 'Market Abuse Regulation', 'Commission Delegated Regulation', 'maximum total value', 'Allfunds Group plc', 'Allfunds investor website', 'share buyback programme', 'total consideration', 'total number', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'average price', 'first tranche', 'detailed information', 'press release', 'reporting obligation', 'ordinary shares', 'London', 'Madrid/Amsterdam', 'TICKER', 'ALLFG', '28 July', 'week', '30 October', '3 November', 'repurchase', 'date', 'authority', 'shareholders', '9 May', 'compliance', 'requirements', 'article', 'Chapter', 'investors', 'connection', 'disclosure']",2023-11-06,2023-11-07,marketscreener.com
32300,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/MDXHEALTH-SA-17498/news/MDxHealth-Announces-the-Approval-by-its-Shareholders-of-the-Proposed-Transition-to-a-Sole-Listing-of-45245068/,MDxHealth Announces the Approval by its Shareholders of the Proposed Transition to a Sole Listing of Shares on Nasdaq  and Details of the Share Consolidation,(marketscreener.com) NEWS RELEASE – REGULATED INFORMATIONINSIDE INFORMATIONNOVEMBER 6  2023  1:00 AM ET / 7:00 CET              MDxHealth Announces the Approval by its Shareholders of the Proposed Transition to a Sole Listing of Shares on Nasdaq  and Details …,"NEWS RELEASE – REGULATED INFORMATIONINSIDE INFORMATIONNOVEMBER 6  2023  1:00 AM ET / 7:00 CETMDxHealth Announces the Approval by its Shareholders of the Proposed Transition to a Sole Listing of Shares on Nasdaq  and Details of the Share ConsolidationIRVINE  CA  and HERSTAL  BELGIUM – November 6  2023 – MDxHealth SA (NASDAQ/Euronext Brussels: MDXH) (the ""Company"" or ""mdxhealth"")  a commercial-stage precision diagnostics company  today announces that the extraordinary general shareholders' meeting of the Company that was held on November 3  2023 (""EGM"") approved the proposed transition from a dual listing of the Company's American Depositary Shares (the ""ADSs"") on Nasdaq and ordinary shares (the ""Shares"") on Euronext Brussels to a sole listing of Shares on Nasdaq (the ""Transaction"")  as well as the share consolidation with respect to all outstanding Shares by means of a 1-for-10 reverse stock split (the ""Share Consolidation""). As a result  the Company can now start implementing the Transaction and Share Consolidation  as further outlined below.Approval of the TransactionThe Company announced on October 2  2023  that its board of directors had determined that it is in the best interest of the Company  its investors and other stakeholders to consolidate all trading of the Company's securities on one exchange in the United States. The Transaction involves (1) the Share Consolidation  after which ten existing Shares will be represented by one new Share  and each ADS will represent one new Share  (2) listing the Shares on Nasdaq  (3) a mandatory exchange under the Company's ADS facility as a result of which ADS holders will receive Shares in exchange for their ADSs on the basis of a ratio of one ADS for one Share (the ""Mandatory ADS Exchange"")  (4) a repositioning of the Shares from the Euronext Brussels trading system to the Nasdaq trading system  and (5) following a transition period of at least three weeks after the Mandatory ADS Exchange (the ""Transition Period"")  the de-listing of the Shares from listing and trading on Euronext Brussels (the ""De-Listing""). The implementation of the Transaction was still subject to the approval by the Company's shareholders of the Share Consolidation and the De-Listing. On November 3  2023  the EGM approved the Share Consolidation and the De-Listing  as well as the proposed technical amendments to the Company's articles of association to allow for the De-Listing.Expected timeline for implementation of the TransactionIn view of the approval by the EGM  the Company will now start implementing the Transaction in accordance with the following expected timeline:Key step Date First trading day on Euronext Brussels of the new Shares following the Share Consolidation (see also below) November 14  2023 Effective date of the Mandatory ADS Exchange November 27  2023 Admission to trading of the Shares on Nasdaq  and start of the Transition Period November 27  2023 End of the Transition Period and De-Listing December 15  2023The Company will update the timeline throughout the implentation process  and inform its shareholders and other stakeholders accordingly. Furthermore  as the implementation process progresses  the Company intends to further communicate on each relevant step.Details of the Share ConsolidationAs first step of the Transaction  the Company will now start with implementing the approved Share Consolidation with respect to all of the Company's outstanding Shares by means of a 1-for-10 reverse stock split.Simultaneous and automatic implementation of the Share ConsolidationPursuant to the Share Consolidation  all existing Shares of the Company will be consolidated into a new and reduced number of Shares at the ratio of one (1) new Share (ISIN BE0974461940) for ten (10) existing Shares (ISIN BE0003844611).The last trading day of the existing Shares (ISIN BE0003844611) on the regulated market of Euronext Brussels will be November 13  2023. The first trading date of the new Shares (ISIN BE0974461940) on the regulated market of Euronext Brussels will be November 14  2023.The Share Consolidation will be carried out simultaneously for all outstanding Shares  so that after the completion of the Share Consolidation each new Share will represent the same fraction of the Company's share capital. All new Shares after the completion of the Share Consolidation will have the same rights and benefits  and will rank pari passu in all respects  including as to entitlements to dividends and other distributions. The Share Consolidation will not affect the form of the outstanding Shares (dematerialised or registered) and the outstanding registered and dematerialised Shares will be processed separately. The Share Consolidation will be implemented automatically  without the need for shareholders to take any steps whatsoever.Consolidation and sale of fractions of new Shares resulting from the Share ConsolidationThe Share Consolidation might give rise to the appearance of fractions if prior to the Share Consolidation a shareholder does not hold a number of existings Shares which corresponds to a multiple of ten (10). In that case  the number of new Shares that will be held by that shareholder will be rounded down to the lower whole number.No fractions of new Shares will be issued as a result of the Share Consolidation.Instead  any fractions of Shares which might appear as a result of the Share Consolidation will be aggregated by KBC Securities  which has been appointed by the Company for this purpose and which will be instructed to sell the new Shares resulting from the aggregation of fractions on Euronext Brussels. The proceeds of such sale will be distributed in cash on a pro rata basis to the holders of existing Shares that do not have a sufficient number of existing Shares to be consolidated into whole new Shares  provided that the proceeds shall not be less than one euro cent (EUR 0.01) per old Share. If the proceeds are less or cannot be distributed on a pro rata basis as aforementioned  the proceeds will accrue to the Company. The relevant transaction costs and expenses (including commissions  fees and expenses of agents and advisors) and applicable taxes  all as applicable  will be borne by the Company.In view thereof  shareholders that do not hold a number of existing Shares corresponding to a multiple of ten (10) may opt to do any of the following:They can sell or purchase existing Shares so that  by close of trading on Euronext Brussels on November 13  2023  they hold a number of existing Shares that is a multiple of ten (10). Shareholders wishing to engage in sale or purchase transactions should contact their financial intermediaries or custodians to obtain further information with respect to the deadlines to execute such sale or purchase transactions  as well as any transaction costs and taxes applicable to such sale or purchase transactions and which they will have to bear themselves.Shareholders can also do nothing  in which case they could be allocated  as the case may be  the proceeds of the sale of the new Shares into which the fractions of old Shares have been aggregated  as outlined above.Timeline for the Share ConsolidationThe Share Consolidation  as described above  is expected to be implementated as follows:Step Date Last trading day on Euronext Brussels of the existing Shares following the Share Consolidation (ISIN BE0003844611) November 13  2023 First trading day on Euronext Brussels of the new Shares following the Share Consolidation (ISIN BE0974461940) November 14  2023 Completion of the sale of new Shares into which fractions of old Shares have been aggregated  and distribution of proceeds  as the case may be  November 23  2023Further information on the TransactionFor further information and details regarding the Transaction  reference is made to the dedicated web page which can be found on the Company's website (see: Proposed Transition to a Single Listing on NASDAQ - mdxhealth)  which contains (among other things) (i) a copy of the Special Report descibing the proposals submitted to the Company's EGM held on November 3  2023  (ii) a letter from the chair of the board of directors summarizing the Transaction  and (iii) frequently asked questions (FAQs) providing context and technical details with respect to the Transaction. This web page and the FAQs will be kept up-to-date as and when necessary.About mdxhealth®Mdxhealth is a commercial-stage precision diagnostics company that provides actionable molecular information to personalize patient diagnosis and treatment. The Company’s tests are based on proprietary genomic  epigenetic (methylation) and other molecular technologies and assist physicians with the diagnosis and prognosis of urologic cancers and other urologic diseases. The Company’s U.S. headquarters and laboratory operations are in Irvine  California  with additional laboratory operations in Plano  Texas. European headquarters are in Herstal  Belgium  with laboratory operations in Nijmegen  The Netherlands. For more information  visit mdxhealth.com and follow us on social media at:twitter.com/mdxhealth  facebook.com/mdxhealth and linkedin.com/company/mdxhealth.For more information:mdxhealthinfo@mdxhealth.comLifeSci Advisors (IR & PR)US: +1 949 271 9223ir@mdxhealth.comForward-looking StatementsThis press release contains forward-looking statements and estimates with respect to the anticipated future performance of MDxHealth and the market in which it operates  all of which involve certain risks and uncertainties. These statements are often  but are not always  made through the use of words or phrases such as “potential ” “expect ” “will ” “goal ” “next ” “potential ” “aim ” “explore ” “forward ” “future ” and “believes” as well as similar expressions. Forward-looking statements contained in this release include  but are not limited to  statements regarding timing of the proposed transition from a dual listing of shares on Euronext Brussels and ADSs on Nasdaq to a sole listing of shares on Nasdaq and Share Consolidation; including statements regarding the anticipated impacts on the trading market for MDxHealth’s securities and operating costs; statements regarding expected future operating results; statements regarding product development efforts; and statements regarding our strategies  positioning  resources  capabilities and expectations for future events or performance. Such statements and estimates are based on assumptions and assessments of known and unknown risks  uncertainties and other factors  which were deemed reasonable but may not prove to be correct. Actual events are difficult to predict  may depend upon factors that are beyond the company’s control  and may turn out to be materially different. Examples of forward-looking statements include  among others  statements we make regarding expected future operating results  product development efforts  our strategies  positioning  resources  capabilities and expectations for future events or performance. Important factors that could cause actual results  conditions and events to differ materially from those indicated in the forward-looking statements include  among others  the following: uncertainties associated with the coronavirus (COVID-19) pandemic  including its possible effects on our operations  and the demand for our products; our ability to successfully and profitably market our products; the acceptance of our products and services by healthcare providers; the willingness of health insurance companies and other payers to cover our products and services and adequately reimburse us for such products and services; our ability to obtain and maintain regulatory approvals and comply with applicable regulations; the possibility that the anticipated benefits from our business acquisitions like our acquisition of the Oncotype DX® GPS prostate cancer business will not be realized in full or at all or may take longer to realize than expected; and the amount and nature of competition for our products and services. Other important risks and uncertainties are described in the Risk Factors sections of our most recent Annual Report on Form 20-F and in our other reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. MDxHealth expressly disclaims any obligation to update any such forward-looking statements in this release to reflect any change in its expectations with regard thereto or any change in events  conditions or circumstances on which any such statement is based unless required by law or regulation. This press release does not constitute an offer or invitation for the sale or purchase of securities or assets of MDxHealth in any jurisdiction. No securities of MDxHealth may be offered or sold within the United States without registration under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933  as amended  or in compliance with an exemption therefrom  and in accordance with any applicable U.S. securities laws.NOTE: The mdxhealth logo  mdxhealth  Confirm mdx  Select mdx  Resolve mdx  Genomic Prostate Score  GPS and Monitor mdx are trademarks or registered trademarks of MDxHealth SA. All other trademarks and service marks are the property of their respective owners.Attachment",neutral,0.06,0.93,0.01,neutral,0.05,0.93,0.02,True,English,"['Sole Listing', 'Share Consolidation', 'MDxHealth', 'Approval', 'Shareholders', 'Transition', 'Shares', 'Nasdaq', 'Details', '1-for-10 reverse stock split', ""extraordinary general shareholders' meeting"", 'commercial-stage precision diagnostics company', 'Euronext Brussels trading system', 'last trading day', 'First trading day', 'Key step Date', 'first trading date', 'American Depositary Shares', 'Nasdaq trading system', 'Mandatory ADS Exchange', 'ten existing Shares', 'ten (10) existing Shares', 'The Share Consolidation', 'one new Share', 'one (1) new Share', 'mandatory exchange', 'first step', 'one exchange', 'one ADS', 'one Share', 'Effective date', 'relevant step', 'NASDAQ/Euronext Brussels', 'ADS facility', 'ADS holders', 'share capital', 'NEWS RELEASE', 'REGULATED INFORMATION', 'INSIDE INFORMATION', 'best interest', 'other stakeholders', 'United States', 'three weeks', 'technical amendments', 'implentation process', 'regulated market', 'same fraction', 'same rights', 'pari passu', 'other distributions', 'new Shares', 'The Company', 'ordinary shares', 'dematerialised Shares', 'existings Shares', 'transition period', 'outstanding Shares', 'implementation process', 'automatic implementation', 'reduced number', 'Sole Listing', 'dual listing', 'MDxHealth SA', 'NOVEMBER', '1:00 AM', '7:00 CET', 'Approval', 'Details', 'IRVINE', 'HERSTAL', 'BELGIUM', 'EGM', 'ADSs', 'Transaction', 'respect', 'means', 'result', 'October', 'board', 'directors', 'investors', 'securities', 'basis', 'ratio', 'repositioning', 'De-Listing', 'articles', 'association', 'timeline', 'view', 'accordance', 'following', 'Admission', 'start', 'Simultaneous', 'ISIN', 'completion', 'benefits', 'entitlements', 'dividends', 'need', 'steps', 'sale', 'fractions', 'rise', 'appearance']",2023-11-06,2023-11-07,marketscreener.com
32301,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/DANONE-4634/news/Danone-successfully-issues-a-800-million-bond-45251545/,Danone successfully issues a 800 million bond,(marketscreener.com) Press Release – Paris  November 6  2023 Danone successfully issues a €800 million bond Danone announces that it has issued today a €800 million bond with a 6-year maturity and a 3 706% coupon. In line with the company’s active liquidity m…,Press Release – Paris  November 6  2023Danone successfully issues a €800 million bondDanone announces that it has issued today a €800 million bond with a 6-year maturity and a 3 706% coupon.In line with the company’s active liquidity management  this issue enables Danone to enhance its funding flexibility while extending the maturity of its debt.The settlement is expected to take place on November 13  2023 and the bonds will be listed on Euronext Paris.The bond issue was widely subscribed by a diversified investor base  confirming the high confidence in Danone’s business model and credit profile.Danone is rated BBB+  stable outlook  by Standard & Poor’s and Baa1  stable outlook  by Moody’s.About Danone (www.danone.com)Danone is a leading global food and beverage company operating in three health-focused  fast-growing and on-trend categories: Essential Dairy & Plant-Based products  Waters and Specialized Nutrition. With a long-standing mission of bringing health through food to as many people as possible  Danone aims to inspire healthier and more sustainable eating and drinking practices while committing to achieve measurable nutritional  social  societal and environment impact. Danone has defined its Renew strategy to restore growth  competitiveness  and value creation for the long-term. With 100 000 employees  and products sold in over 120 markets  Danone generated €27.7 billion in sales in 2022. Danone’s portfolio includes leading international brands (Actimel  Activia  Alpro  Aptamil  Danette  Danio  Danonino  evian  Nutricia  Nutrilon  Volvic  among others) as well as strong local and regional brands (including Aqua  Blédina  Bonafont  Cow & Gate  Mizone  Oikos and Silk). Listed on Euronext Paris and present on the OTCQX market via an ADR (American Depositary Receipt) program  Danone is a component stock of leading sustainability indexes including the ones managed by Moody’s and Sustainalytics  as well as the Ethibel Sustainability Index  the MSCI ESG Indexes  the FTSE4Good Index Series  Bloomberg Gender Equality Index  and the Access to Nutrition Index. Danone’s ambition is to be B-Corp certified at global level in 2025.Attachment,neutral,0.4,0.59,0.02,positive,0.6,0.39,0.01,True,English,"['800 million bond', 'Danone', 'measurable nutritional, social, societal', 'Bloomberg Gender Equality Index', 'active liquidity management', 'diversified investor base', 'American Depositary Receipt', 'leading sustainability indexes', 'Ethibel Sustainability Index', 'MSCI ESG Indexes', 'FTSE4Good Index Series', 'leading international brands', 'leading global food', 'Nutrition Index', 'regional brands', 'global level', 'Press Release', '€800 million bond', 'funding flexibility', 'high confidence', 'business model', 'credit profile', 'Standard & Poor', 'trend categories', 'Essential Dairy', 'Specialized Nutrition', 'standing mission', 'many people', 'sustainable eating', 'drinking practices', 'environment impact', 'Renew strategy', 'value creation', 'strong local', 'Blédina', 'OTCQX market', 'component stock', 'Euronext Paris', '6-year maturity', 'bond issue', 'stable outlook', 'beverage company', 'Plant-Based products', 'Danone', '3,706% coupon', 'line', 'debt', 'settlement', 'place', 'November', 'bonds', 'Baa', 'Moody', 'growing', 'Waters', 'long', 'health', 'growth', 'competitiveness', '100,000 employees', '120 markets', 'sales', 'portfolio', 'Actimel', 'Activia', 'Alpro', 'Aptamil', 'Danette', 'Danio', 'Danonino', 'evian', 'Nutricia', 'Nutrilon', 'Volvic', 'others', 'Aqua', 'Bonafont', 'Cow', 'Gate', 'Mizone', 'Oikos', 'Silk', 'ADR', 'program', 'Sustainalytics', 'Access', 'ambition', 'B-Corp', 'Attachment']",2023-11-06,2023-11-07,marketscreener.com
32302,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/11/06/2774367/0/en/Danone-successfully-issues-a-800-million-bond.html,Danone successfully issues a €800 million bond,Press Release – Paris  November 6  2023  Danone successfully issues a €800 million bond   Danone announces that it has issued today a €800 million bond......,Press Release – Paris  November 6  2023Danone successfully issues a €800 million bondDanone announces that it has issued today a €800 million bond with a 6-year maturity and a 3 706% coupon.In line with the company’s active liquidity management  this issue enables Danone to enhance its funding flexibility while extending the maturity of its debt.The settlement is expected to take place on November 13  2023 and the bonds will be listed on Euronext Paris.The bond issue was widely subscribed by a diversified investor base  confirming the high confidence in Danone’s business model and credit profile.Danone is rated BBB+  stable outlook  by Standard & Poor’s and Baa1  stable outlook  by Moody’s.About Danone (www.danone.com)Danone is a leading global food and beverage company operating in three health-focused  fast-growing and on-trend categories: Essential Dairy & Plant-Based products  Waters and Specialized Nutrition. With a long-standing mission of bringing health through food to as many people as possible  Danone aims to inspire healthier and more sustainable eating and drinking practices while committing to achieve measurable nutritional  social  societal and environment impact. Danone has defined its Renew strategy to restore growth  competitiveness  and value creation for the long-term. With 100 000 employees  and products sold in over 120 markets  Danone generated €27.7 billion in sales in 2022. Danone’s portfolio includes leading international brands (Actimel  Activia  Alpro  Aptamil  Danette  Danio  Danonino  evian  Nutricia  Nutrilon  Volvic  among others) as well as strong local and regional brands (including Aqua  Blédina  Bonafont  Cow & Gate  Mizone  Oikos and Silk). Listed on Euronext Paris and present on the OTCQX market via an ADR (American Depositary Receipt) program  Danone is a component stock of leading sustainability indexes including the ones managed by Moody’s and Sustainalytics  as well as the Ethibel Sustainability Index  the MSCI ESG Indexes  the FTSE4Good Index Series  Bloomberg Gender Equality Index  and the Access to Nutrition Index. Danone’s ambition is to be B-Corp certified at global level in 2025.Attachment,neutral,0.44,0.54,0.02,positive,0.6,0.39,0.01,True,English,"['€800 million bond', 'Danone', 'measurable nutritional, social, societal', 'Bloomberg Gender Equality Index', 'active liquidity management', 'diversified investor base', 'American Depositary Receipt', 'leading sustainability indexes', 'Ethibel Sustainability Index', 'MSCI ESG Indexes', 'FTSE4Good Index Series', 'leading international brands', 'leading global food', 'Nutrition Index', 'regional brands', 'global level', 'Press Release', '€800 million bond', 'funding flexibility', 'high confidence', 'business model', 'credit profile', 'Standard & Poor', 'trend categories', 'Essential Dairy', 'Specialized Nutrition', 'standing mission', 'many people', 'sustainable eating', 'drinking practices', 'environment impact', 'Renew strategy', 'value creation', 'strong local', 'Blédina', 'OTCQX market', 'component stock', 'Euronext Paris', '6-year maturity', 'bond issue', 'stable outlook', 'beverage company', 'Plant-Based products', 'Danone', '3,706% coupon', 'line', 'debt', 'settlement', 'place', 'November', 'bonds', 'Baa', 'Moody', 'growing', 'Waters', 'long', 'health', 'growth', 'competitiveness', '100,000 employees', '120 markets', 'sales', 'portfolio', 'Actimel', 'Activia', 'Alpro', 'Aptamil', 'Danette', 'Danio', 'Danonino', 'evian', 'Nutricia', 'Nutrilon', 'Volvic', 'others', 'Aqua', 'Bonafont', 'Cow', 'Gate', 'Mizone', 'Oikos', 'Silk', 'ADR', 'program', 'Sustainalytics', 'Access', 'ambition', 'B-Corp', 'Attachment']",2023-11-06,2023-11-07,globenewswire.com
32303,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/11/06/2774558/0/en/Monthly-information-regarding-the-total-number-of-voting-rights-and-total-number-of-shares-of-the-Company-as-of-October-31-2023.html,Monthly information regarding the total number of voting rights and total number of shares of the Company as of October 31  2023,Monthly information regarding the total number of voting rights and total number of shares of the Company as of October 31  2023        (Article 223-16...,Monthly information regarding the total number of voting rights andtotal number of shares of the Company as of October 31  2023(Article 223-16 of the General Regulations of the Autorité des Marchés Financiers)Market : NYSE Euronext ParisISIN Code: FR 0010417345DateTotal number of shares Total number of voting rights 10/31/202396 288 553Total gross of voting rights: 96 288 553Total net* of voting rights: 96 084 083* Net total = total number of voting rights attached to shares – shares without voting rightsAttachment,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.01,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,True,English,"['Monthly information', 'total number', 'voting rights', 'shares', 'Company', 'October', 'Autorité des Marchés Financiers', 'NYSE Euronext Paris', 'voting rights Attachment', 'Monthly information', 'total number', 'General Regulations', 'ISIN Code', 'Total gross', 'Net total', 'shares', 'Company', 'October', 'Article', 'Market', 'FR', 'Date']",2023-11-06,2023-11-07,globenewswire.com
32304,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/11/06/2774315/0/en/Update-share-buyback-program-6-November-2023.html,Update share buyback program (6 November 2023),Update share buyback program (6 November 2023)  Regulated information  6 November 2023 - 17.45 CET  On 22 September 2023  Kinepolis Group announced the......,Update share buyback program (6 November 2023)Regulated information6 November 2023 - 17.45 CETOn 22 September 2023  Kinepolis Group announced the launch of its Share buyback program to cover share options. This program started on 25 September 2023 and ends on 24 March 2024 at the latest. Under this program  Kinepolis Group may buy back  through the appointed independent intermediary  up to 151 000 shares on Euronext Brussels for a total maximum amount of € 8 million.During the period from 30 October 2023 to 3 November 2023  the following transactions were carried out on Euronext Brussels under this program:Date Number of shares Average price (EUR)1Lowest price (EUR)Highest price(EUR) Total(EUR) 30/10/2023 1 600 € 45.35 € 45.10 € 45.70 € 72 560.00 31/10/2023 1 200 € 45.83 € 45.10 € 46.20 € 55 001.10 1/11/2023 1 100 € 46.43 € 46.05 € 46.65 € 51 075.00 2/11/2023 758 € 46.07 € 45.90 € 46.60 € 34 920.30 3/11/2023 500 € 48.20 € 48.20 € 48.20 € 24 100.00 Total 5 158 € 237 656.40As a result of the aforementioned transactions and after exercise of options  the Company holds 528 179 own shares on the date of 3 November 2023.This information as well as the summary of the buybacks since the start of the Share buyback program can be found on the website http://investors.kinepolis.com.KINEPOLIS GROUP NVPublic limited company in the capacity of a listed companyEeuwfeestlaan 20  1020 BrusselsEnterprise Number BE 0415.928.179 RLP Brussels1 Rounded to two decimals after the comma.,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,positive,0.76,0.21,0.03,True,English,"['Update share buyback program', 'Update share buyback program', 'total maximum amount', 'Public limited company', '1020 Brussels Enterprise Number', 'KINEPOLIS GROUP NV', 'share options', 'Euronext Brussels', '79 RLP Brussels', 'independent intermediary', 'Date Number', 'Average price', 'Lowest price', 'Highest price', 'listed company', 'two decimals', 'Regulated information', 'following transactions', 'to 151,000 shares', 'November', '17.45 CET', '22 September', 'launch', '25 September', '24 March', 'period', '30 October', 'result', 'exercise', 'summary', 'buybacks', 'start', 'website', 'investors', 'capacity', 'Eeuwfeestlaan', 'comma', '528,179']",2023-11-06,2023-11-07,globenewswire.com
32305,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/11/06/2774391/0/en/Total-number-of-voting-rights-and-shares-forming-the-share-capital.html,Total number of voting rights and shares forming the share capital,Nanterre  6 November 2023  Total number of voting rights and shares forming the share capital (Article L. 233-8 II of the French Commercial Code and......,Nanterre  6 November 2023Total number of voting rights and shares forming the share capital(Article L. 233-8 II of the French Commercial Code and Article 223-16 ofthe General Regulation of the French Financial Markets Authority)__________________Trading place : Euronext ParisCompartment : AISIN code : FR0000121147LEI code : 969500F0VMZLK2IULV85DateNumber of sharesTotal number of voting rights (theoretical) (1)31 October 2023197 089 340210 717 086(1) In accordance with the provisions of Article 223-11 of the General Regulation of the French Financial Markets Authority  the total number of voting rights (theoretical) is calculated on the basis of all the shares to which voting rights are attached  including the shares deprived of voting rights.Inclusion in the bylaws of a clause that requires crossing thresholds declaration in addition to that related to legal thresholds: yesAttachment,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,True,English,"['Total number', 'voting rights', 'share capital', 'shares', 'French Financial Markets Authority', 'French Commercial Code', 'Euronext Paris Compartment', 'ISIN code', 'LEI code', 'voting rights', 'share capital', 'General Regulation', 'Trading place', '969500F0VMZLK2IULV85 Date', 'thresholds declaration', 'legal thresholds', 'Total number', 'Article L.', 'Nanterre', 'shares', 'October', 'accordance', 'provisions', 'basis', 'Inclusion', 'bylaws', 'clause', 'addition', 'Attachment']",2023-11-06,2023-11-07,globenewswire.com
32306,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/BLUE-SHARK-POWER-SYSTEM-47342207/news/Blue-Shark-Power-System-End-of-suspension-and-resumption-of-trading-45247339/,Blue Shark Power System : End of suspension and resumption of trading -November 06  2023 at 06:18 am EST,(marketscreener.com)   End of suspension and resumption of trading      06 Nov 2023 12:02 CET    Subscribe     Issuer   BLUE SHARK POWER SYSTEM S.A.      The company Blue Shark Power System announces the end...https://www.marketscree…,End of suspension and resumption of tradingThe company Blue Shark Power System (MLBSP) announces the end of suspension and the resumption of trading on the Euronext Access platform. Indeed  the Company had suspended the listing of the stock on August 26  2021 in order to protect shareholders and had at the same time undertaken the legal and judicial steps necessary to protect the stock against the actions of third parties located in France and on the territory of the European Union. These procedures required a certain time and allowed the resumption of trading.,neutral,0.06,0.92,0.02,negative,0.01,0.11,0.88,True,English,"['Blue Shark Power System', 'End', 'suspension', 'resumption', 'trading', 'November', '06', 'Blue Shark Power System', 'Euronext Access platform', 'judicial steps', 'third parties', 'European Union', 'same time', 'End', 'suspension', 'resumption', 'trading', 'company', 'MLBSP', 'listing', 'stock', 'August', 'order', 'shareholders', 'legal', 'actions', 'France', 'territory', 'procedures']",2023-11-06,2023-11-07,marketscreener.com
32307,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/INDUSTRIE-DE-NORA-S-P-A-140214472/news/Industrie-De-Nora-S-p-A-De-Nora-opens-a-new-electrode-production-line-at-Suzhou-plant-the-main-ch-45246239/,Industrie De Nora S p A : De Nora opens a new electrode production line at Suzhou plant  the main chinese headquarters of the Group -November 06  2023 at 03:57 am EST,(marketscreener.com)  Milan 6th November 2023 - Industrie De Nora S.p.A.   an Italian multinational company listed on the Euronext Milan  specialized in sustainable electrochemical technologies and in the emerging green hydrogen industry  increases the produ…,"Milan 6th November 2023 - Industrie De Nora S.p.A. (""De Nora"")  an Italian multinational company listed on the Euronext Milan  specialized in sustainable electrochemical technologies and in the emerging green hydrogen industry  increases the production capacity at its Suzhou site in China  consolidating its global leadership in the electrode production and in the Energy Transition sectors.The Suzhou plant  located in the ""SIP"" industrial park about 70km west of Shanghai and opened in 2005  is De Nora's headquarters in China and a qualified center of excellence for the production and assembly of all products related to electrochemical technologies. The site currently serves several major Chinese and Asian customers and important technology partners  offering them a range of electrodes for new installations and maintenance and technology upgrade services  responding flexibly to the needs of the chlor-alkali  lithium battery and electronics components  and Energy Transition markets.The project  which is part of De Nora's multi-year plan to expand its production capacity in the Asian area  an integral part of the Group's Industrial Plan  has just been completed with the opening event held by Group CEO Paolo Dellachà and CTO Christian Urgeghe.As a result of the expansion  the site's total production capacity has tripled. It will be committed to completing the timely production of projects already in the portfolio and to responding positively to the growing demand for electrodes in the Asian market  as well as to react quickly to the request for dedicated technologies for green hydrogen generation.Through this expansion  De Nora aspires to strengthen its position in maintenance services for Chinese chlor-alkali plants  which now account for 45 percent of the global market  and in electrodes for the production of copper foil used in both the manufacture of lithium-ion batteries for electric cars  the demand for which is constantly growing  and as a raw material for printed circuit boards.Paolo Dellachà  CEO of De Nora  commented  ""We are pleased to announce the expansion of the Chinese site in Suzhou  which guarantees us a considerable increase in the production capacity serving the entire Asian region. This new expansion is part of a broader strategy to consolidate De Nora's competitive advantage  covering both the Chinese market and other geographical areas  in line with the Group's Industrial Plan. Finally  I would like to emphasize the excellent work of the local management  which enabled the completion of the project with an effective and efficient approach that ensured the continuity of supplies to its customers without delays.""* * *About De NoraIndustrie De Nora is an Italian multinational company listed on the Euronext Milan stock exchange  specializing in electrochemistry  a leader in sustainable technologies  and has a vital role in the industrial green hydrogen production chain. The Company has a portfolio of products and systems to optimize the energy efficiency of critical industrial electrochemical processes and a range of products and solutions for water treatment. Globally  Industrie De Nora is the world's largest supplier of activated electrodes (serving a broad portfolio of customers operating in the fields of chlorine and caustic soda production  components for electronics  and non-ferrous metal refining). Industrie De Nora is also among the world's leading suppliers of water filtration and disinfection technologies (for the industrial  municipal  and marine sectors) and the world's leading swimming pool disinfection components supplier. Leveraging its well-established electrochemical knowledge  proven manufacturing capability  and a supply chain established over the years  the Company has developed and qualified a portfolio of electrodes and components to produce hydrogen through the electrolysis of water  which is critical for the energy transition. In this sector  the company now holds 25.85% of thyssenkrupp nucera AG &Co. KGaA  a joint venture established with the thyssenkrupp group.Founded in 1923  Industrie De Nora generated total revenues of around EUR 853 million and an Adjusted EBITDA of approx. EUR 191 million in 2022. The Company's growth process has developed organically through continued penetration of new markets and applications and through acquisitions in the U.S.  Asia  and Europe. De Nora's continuous innovation drives its growth  represented by its evolving intellectual property portfolio  which currently includes more than 260 patent families with more than 2 800 territorial extensions. The De Nora family controls the Group  which owns 53.3% of the Company's share capital. Snam S.p.A. is a minority shareholder with about 21.6% of the capital.De Nora | Media RelationsBarabino & PartnersUfficio: +39 02/72.02.35.35Sabrina Ragone - s.ragone@barabino.it +39 338 25 19 534Elena Magni - e.magni@barabino.it + 39 348 478 7490De Nora | Investor RelationsChiara Locati+39 02 2129 2124ir@denora.com",neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,positive,0.75,0.23,0.02,True,English,"['new electrode production line', 'main chinese headquarters', 'Industrie De Nora', 'Suzhou plant', 'Group', 'November', '03:57', 'leading swimming pool disinfection components supplier', 'Industrie De Nora S.p.A.', 'Snam S.p.A.', 'industrial green hydrogen production chain', 'emerging green hydrogen industry', 'critical industrial electrochemical processes', 'evolving intellectual property portfolio', 'Euronext Milan stock exchange', 'The De Nora family', 'Group CEO Paolo Dellachà', 'green hydrogen generation', 'SIP"" industrial park', 'chlor-alkali, lithium battery', 'CTO Christian Urgeghe', 'other geographical areas', 'ferrous metal refining', 'several major Chinese', 'technology upgrade services', 'Chinese chlor-alkali plants', 'thyssenkrupp nucera AG', 'caustic soda production', 'entire Asian region', 'important technology partners', 'Italian multinational company', 'The Suzhou plant', 'Energy Transition sectors', 'Energy Transition markets', 'sustainable electrochemical technologies', 'Media Relations Barabino', 'total production capacity', 'disinfection technologies', 'largest supplier', 'leading suppliers', 'U.S.', 'supply chain', 'Industrial Plan', 'electrochemical knowledge', 'sustainable technologies', 'Milan 6th', 'The Company', 'Chinese market', 'energy efficiency', 'marine sectors', 'total revenues', 'new markets', 'Investor Relations', 'electrode production', 'timely production', 'thyssenkrupp group', 'Asian area', 'Asian market', 'dedicated technologies', 'global leadership', 'qualified center', 'new installations', 'electronics components', 'multi-year plan', 'opening event', 'maintenance services', 'global market', 'copper foil', 'lithium-ion batteries', 'electric cars', 'raw material', 'circuit boards', 'Chinese site', 'considerable increase', 'broader strategy', 'competitive advantage', 'excellent work', 'local management', 'efficient approach', 'vital role', 'manufacturing capability', 'Co. KGaA', 'joint venture', 'continued penetration', 'continuous innovation', '260 patent families', '2,800 territorial extensions', 'minority shareholder', 'Chiara Locati', 'broad portfolio', 'water treatment', 'water filtration', 'Asian customers', 'Suzhou site', 'growing demand', 'growth process', 'share capital', 'Sabrina Ragone', 'Elena Magni', 'integral part', 'new expansion', 'activated electrodes', 'China', 'Shanghai', 'headquarters', 'excellence', 'assembly', 'products', 'range', 'needs', 'project', 'result', 'request', 'position', '45 percent', 'manufacture', 'line', 'completion', 'effective', 'continuity', 'supplies', 'delays', 'electrochemistry', 'systems', 'solutions', 'world', 'fields', 'chlorine', 'years', 'electrolysis', 'Adjusted', 'EBITDA', 'applications', 'acquisitions', 'Europe', 'Ufficio', 'denora']",2023-11-06,2023-11-07,marketscreener.com
32308,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/11/06/2773726/0/en/VALNEVA-Declaration-of-shares-and-voting-rights-October-31-2023.html,VALNEVA Declaration of shares and voting rights: October 31  2023,VALNEVA  Declaration of shares and voting rights October 31 ...,VALNEVADeclaration of shares and voting rightsOctober 31  2023__________________________________________________________________________________________Company name: VALNEVARegistered office: 6 rue Alain Bombard  44800 Saint-Herblain (France)Regulated market of Euronext Paris - Compartment BDeclaration date: November 6  2023Number of sharescomposing the share capital of Valneva Total number of voting rights including suspended voting rights* Description of the change Date on which this change was recognized Total number of voting rights excluding suspended voting rights** 138 912 142ordinary shares with a par value of €0.15 each162 177 969 Double voting rights granted on 980 ordinary sharesBetween October 4 & October 29  2023162 053 647___________________________* Theoretical voting rights. This number is used as the basis for calculating threshold crossings. In accordance with Article 223-11 of the AMF General Regulations  this number is calculated on the basis of all shares to which voting rights are attached  including those for which voting rights have been suspended.** Net (or exercisable at a General Meeting) voting rights.Attachment,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,True,English,"['VALNEVA Declaration', 'voting rights', 'shares', 'October', '6 rue Alain Bombard', 'AMF General Regulations', '969 Double voting rights', 'Theoretical voting rights', 'Valneva Total number', 'General Meeting', 'Company name', 'Registered office', 'Regulated market', 'Euronext Paris', 'Compartment B', 'share capital', 'par value', 'threshold crossings', 'Declaration date', 'change Date', 'ordinary shares', 'October', '44800 Saint-Herblain', 'France', 'November', 'Description', 'basis', 'accordance', 'Article', 'Attachment']",2023-11-06,2023-11-07,globenewswire.com
32309,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/11/06/2774265/0/en/Vantiva-October-2023-Information-concerning-the-total-number-of-voting-rights-and-shares.html,Vantiva - October 2023 - Information concerning the total number of voting rights and shares,November 7  2023     Vantiva: Information concerning the total number of voting rights and shares  provided pursuant to Article L. 233-8 II of the...,November 7  2023Vantiva: Information concerning the total number of voting rights and shares  provided pursuant to Article L. 233-8 II of the French Commercial Code and Article 223-16 of the General Regulations of the Autorité des Marchés FinanciersVantiva Shares(ISIN Code FR0013505062) Date Number of Outstanding Shares Number of Voting Rights October 31  2023355 428 407Number of Theoretical Voting Rights(1): 355 428 407Number of Voting Rights Exercisable at Shareholders’ meeting(2): 355 428 407(1) Calculated  pursuant to Article 223-11 of the General Regulations of the Autorité des Marchés Financiers  based on the total number of outstanding shares to which voting rights are attached  including shares with suspended voting rights.(2) Excluding shares with suspended voting rights.* **About Vantivawww.vantiva.com – Follow us: @Vantiva – www.linkedin.com/company/vantiva/Vantiva shares are on the Euronext Paris exchange (VANTI).Attachment,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.01,neutral,0.02,0.96,0.02,True,English,"['total number', 'voting rights', 'Vantiva', 'October', 'Information', 'shares', 'Autorité des Marchés Financiers', 'Euronext Paris exchange', 'French Commercial Code', 'Theoretical Voting Rights', 'ISIN Code', 'General Regulations', 'Shareholders’ meeting', 'Outstanding Shares', 'total number', 'Date Number', 'Article L.', 'Vantiva Shares', 'November', 'Information', 'Attachment']",2023-11-06,2023-11-07,globenewswire.com
32310,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/ASM-INTERNATIONAL-N-V-6312/news/ASM-joins-the-Catalyze-program-as-founding-sponsor-designed-to-expedite-renewable-electricity-use-in-45249535/,ASM joins the Catalyze program as founding sponsor designed to expedite renewable electricity use in its global supply chain,(marketscreener.com) Almere  The Netherlands November 6  2023 ASM International N.V. is proud to announce it is teaming up with Schneider Electric by joining the Catalyze program as a founding sponsor. Announced at SEMICON West 2023  Catalyze is a pioneering …,"Almere  The NetherlandsNovember 6  2023ASM International N.V. (Euronext Amsterdam: ASM) is proud to announce it is teaming up with Schneider Electric by joining the Catalyze program as a founding sponsor.Announced at SEMICON West 2023  Catalyze is a pioneering initiative that is designed to further the adoption of renewable electricity throughout the global semiconductor value chain.ASM joins Intel and Applied Materials as founding sponsors of the program. This collaboration is driven by a shared vision - expediting the semiconductor industry’s shift towards renewable electricity  and paving the way for a greener  lower-carbon economy.The program aims to grow global availability of renewable electricity by accelerating the deployment of renewable electricity projects through joint long-term sourcing agreements. In addition  it facilitates pooling of required energy needs  thereby enabling companies who might otherwise lack the capability to tap into the utility-scale power purchase agreements (PPAs) market. It will initially focus on enabling suppliers with energy loads in specific markets in the semiconductor value chain where renewable energy has limited availability  with the intention to expand globally where specific interest and renewable energy market opportunities align.""Our sponsorship in the Catalyze program is another step in our sustainability efforts in our journey of our net-zero 2035 target. The semiconductor industry is at the heart of modern innovation  and it is imperative that we lead in technology  but we also contribute with efforts in protecting the planet. Together we aim to make significant strides "" said Steve Corvi  Vice President Supply Chain at ASM.ASM has been working with its supply chain on sustainability for several years. In 2022  100% of its critical suppliers committed to the Responsible Business Alliance Code of Conduct. Now  ASM is excited to help our value chain in securing renewable  low-carbon energy to fuel the industry’s future. Our announcement to join the Catalyze program is ahead of our Supplier Day on November 8  2023.This program will also contribute towards our net-zero 2035 target  which was recently verified by SBTi (Science Based Targets Initiative)  as announced on August 28  2023. With 99% of our total emissions in scope 3  accelerated adoption of renewable electricity throughout the value chain is an important step forward.About ASM InternationalASM International N.V.  headquartered in Almere  the Netherlands  and its subsidiaries design and manufacture equipment and process solutions to produce semiconductor devices for wafer processing  and have facilities in the United States  Europe  and Asia. ASM International's common stock trades on the Euronext Amsterdam Stock Exchange (symbol: ASM). For more information  visit ASM's website at www.asm.com .ContactInvestor and media relationsVictor BareñoT: +31 88 100 8500E: investor.relations@asm.comAttachment",neutral,0.06,0.94,0.01,positive,0.76,0.23,0.01,True,English,"['renewable electricity use', 'global supply chain', 'Catalyze program', 'founding sponsor', 'ASM', 'media relations Victor Bareño T', 'joint long-term sourcing agreements', 'utility-scale power purchase agreements', 'Responsible Business Alliance Code', 'Science Based Targets Initiative', 'Vice President Supply Chain', 'Euronext Amsterdam Stock Exchange', 'ASM International N.V.', 'renewable energy market opportunities', 'global semiconductor value chain', 'common stock trades', 'greener, lower-carbon economy', 'renewable, low-carbon energy', 'renewable electricity projects', 'pioneering initiative', 'PPAs) market', 'energy needs', 'energy loads', 'semiconductor devices', 'global availability', 'semiconductor industry', 'Schneider Electric', 'founding sponsor', 'SEMICON West', 'Applied Materials', 'specific markets', 'specific interest', 'net-zero 2035 target', 'modern innovation', 'significant strides', 'Steve Corvi', 'several years', 'Supplier Day', 'total emissions', 'process solutions', 'wafer processing', 'United States', 'The Netherlands', 'critical suppliers', 'important step', 'Catalyze program', 'sustainability efforts', 'Almere', 'adoption', 'Intel', 'collaboration', 'vision', 'shift', 'way', 'deployment', 'addition', 'pooling', 'companies', 'capability', 'intention', 'sponsorship', 'journey', 'heart', 'technology', 'planet', 'future', 'announcement', 'November', 'SBTi', 'August', 'scope', 'subsidiaries', 'manufacture', 'equipment', 'facilities', 'Europe', 'Asia', 'symbol', 'information', 'website', 'Contact', 'Investor', 'Attachment']",2023-11-06,2023-11-07,marketscreener.com
32311,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/HIGHCO-5002/news/HighCo-Shareholding-as-10-31-2023-45250266/,HighCo: Shareholding as 10/31/2023 -November 06  2023 at 10:04 am EST,(marketscreener.com) INFORMATION CONCERNING THE TOTAL NUMBER OF VOTING RIGHTS AND SHARES Declaration pursuant to Articles L.233-8 II of the French Commercial Code and 223-16 of the General Regulations of the Autorité des marchés financiers Date of settlemento…,INFORMATION CONCERNING THE TOTAL NUMBER OF VOTING RIGHTS AND SHARESDeclaration pursuant to Articles L.233-8 II of the French Commercial Codeand 223-16 of the General Regulations of the Autorité des marchés financiers (AMF)Date of settlementof information Total number of shares Number of shares without voting rights (*) Number of voting rights for threshold calculation (**) Number of actual voting rights (exercisable at shareholders’ meeting) October 31  2023 20 455 403 665 183 22 383 817 21 718 634 September 30  2023 20 455 403 644 867 22 786 847 22 141 980 August 31  2023 20 455 403 534 241 22 786 178 22 251 937 July 31  2023 20 455 403 530 556 22 792 535 22 261 979 June 30  2023 20 455 403 529 405 22 793 847 22 264 442 May 31  2023 20 455 403 485 342 22 793 847 22 308 505 April 30  2023 20 455 403 439 482 22 814 633 22 375 151 March 31  2023 20 455 403 376 968 22 818 769 22 441 801 February 28  2023 20 455 403 319 981 22 818 769 22 498 788 January 31  2023 20 455 403 253 414 22 892 958 22 639 544 December 31  2022 20 455 403 250 392 22 948 713 22 698 321(*) exclusively consisting of treasury shares.(**) theoretical voting rights to calculate the threshold crossing including the voting right of treasury shares (article 223-11 of the General Regulations AMF).About HighCoAs an expert marketing and communication  HighCo supports brands and retailers in accelerating the transformation of retail.Listed in compartment C of Euronext Paris  and eligible for SME equity savings plans (“PEA-PME”)  HighCo has nearly 500 employees.HighCo has achieved a Gold rating from EcoVadis  meaning that the Group is ranked in the top 5% of companies in terms of CSR performance and responsible purchasing.Your contactsCécile COLLINA-HUE Nicolas CASSARManaging Director Press Relations+33 1 77 75 65 06 +33 4 88 71 35 46comfi@highco.com n.cassar@highco.comUpcoming event2023 Gross Profit: Wednesday  24 January 2024Publication take place after market close .HighCo is a component stock of the indices CAC® Small (CACS)  CAC® Mid&Small (CACMS) and CAC® All-Tradable (CACT)  Euronext® Tech Croissance (FRTPR) and Enternext® PEA-PME 150 index (ENPME).ISIN: FR0000054231Reuters: HIGH.PABloomberg: HCO FPFor further financial information and press releases  go to www.highco.com.This English translation is for the convenience of English-speaking readers. Consequently  the translation may not be relied upon to sustain any legal claim  nor should it be used as the basis of any legal opinion. HighCo expressly disclaims liability for any inaccuracy herein.Attachment,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.01,negative,0.01,0.27,0.72,True,English,"['HighCo', 'Shareholding', 'November', '10', '04', 'Autorité des marchés financiers', 'SME equity savings plans', 'Managing Director Press Relations', 'French Commercial Code', 'Cécile COLLINA-HUE', 'Euronext® Tech Croissance', 'Enternext® PEA-PME 150 index', 'actual voting rights', 'theoretical voting rights', 'CAC® Mid&Small', 'General Regulations AMF', 'press releases', 'compartment C', 'Euronext Paris', 'CAC® Small', 'shareholders’ meeting', 'expert marketing', 'Gold rating', 'CSR performance', 'responsible purchasing', 'Nicolas CASSAR', 'Upcoming event', '2023 Gross Profit', 'component stock', 'HCO FP', 'English-speaking readers', 'legal claim', 'legal opinion', 'SHARES Declaration', 'treasury shares', 'threshold crossing', 'English translation', 'TOTAL NUMBER', 'financial information', 'Articles', 'Date', 'settlement', 'calculation', 'October', 'June', 'April', 'February', 'HighCo', 'communication', 'brands', 'retailers', 'transformation', '500 employees', 'EcoVadis', 'Group', 'companies', 'terms', 'contacts', 'comfi', 'Wednesday', 'Publication', 'place', 'indices', 'CACS', 'CACMS', 'CACT', 'FRTPR', 'ENPME', 'ISIN', 'Reuters', 'Bloomberg', 'convenience', 'basis', 'liability', 'inaccuracy', 'Attachment']",2023-11-06,2023-11-07,marketscreener.com
32312,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/11/06/2774424/0/en/FL-Entertainment-Weekly-share-transactions.html,FL Entertainment: Weekly share transactions,Press Release  Paris – 6 November 2023  Share Transactions Disclosure  FL Entertainment N.V. (894500G73K46H93RF180) declares the following transactions......,Press ReleaseParis – 6 November 2023Share Transactions DisclosureFL Entertainment N.V. (894500G73K46H93RF180) declares the following transactions made on its own shares (NL0015000X07) from 30 October to 3 November 2023 in accordance with the authorization given by the shareholder’s annual meeting on 15 June 2023.Trade Date Side Total Daily Volume (Number of Shares) Average Price Amount of Transactions Market Identification Code 2023-10-30 BUY 534 8.700000 4 645.80 XAMS 2023-10-30 SELL 1 8.750000 8.75 XAMS 2023-11-03 SELL 100 8.750000 875.00 XAMSThe disclosure of all share transactions was made publicly available and can be consulted on the company’s website (https://www.flentertainment.com/liquidity-agreement/) under the section « Investors ».AgendaQ3 2023 results: 9 November 2023Investor RelationsCaroline Cohen – Phone: +33 1 44 95 23 34 – c.cohen@flentertainment.comPress Relationsflentertainment@brunswickgroup.comHugues Boëton – Phone: +33 6 79 99 27 15Nicolas Grange – Phone: +33 6 29 56 20 19About FL EntertainmentFounded by Stéphane Courbit  a 30-year entertainment industry pioneer and entrepreneur  FL Entertainment Group is a global leader in multimedia content and gaming  combining the strengths of Banijay  the world’s largest independent producer distributor  with Betclic Everest Group  the fastest-growing online sports betting platform in Europe. In 2022  FL Entertainment recorded through Banijay and Betclic Everest Group  a combined revenue  and Adjusted EBITDA  of €4 047m and €670m respectively. FL Entertainment listed on Euronext Amsterdam in July 2022.ISIN: NL0015000X07 - Bloomberg: FLE NA - Reuters: FLE.ASAttachment,neutral,0.03,0.97,0.01,neutral,0.03,0.97,0.01,True,English,"['FL Entertainment', 'transactions', 'Trade Date Side Total Daily Volume', 'growing online sports betting platform', 'largest independent producer distributor', '30-year entertainment industry pioneer', 'Transactions Market Identification Code', 'FL Entertainment N.V.', 'Average Price Amount', 'Hugues Boëton', 'Stéphane Courbit', 'Betclic Everest Group', 'FLE.AS Attachment', 'FL Entertainment Group', 'Share Transactions Disclosure', 'Press Relations flentertainment', 'following transactions', 'Press Release', 'Investor Relations', 'FLE NA', 'annual meeting', 'Q3 2023 results', 'Nicolas Grange', 'global leader', 'multimedia content', 'combined revenue', 'Adjusted EBITDA', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'Caroline Cohen', 'Paris', '6 November', '94500G73K46H93RF180', 'shares', '30 October', '3 November', 'accordance', 'authorization', 'shareholder', '15 June', 'Number', 'BUY', 'XAMS', 'SELL', 'company', 'website', 'liquidity-agreement', 'section', 'Investors', 'Agenda', 'Phone', 'brunswickgroup', 'entrepreneur', 'gaming', 'strengths', 'Banijay', 'world', 'Europe', 'July', 'ISIN', 'Bloomberg', 'Reuters']",2023-11-06,2023-11-07,globenewswire.com
32313,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/FL-ENTERTAINMENT-N-V-140214435/news/FL-Entertainment-Weekly-share-transactions-45251941/,FL Entertainment: Weekly share transactions -November 06  2023 at 01:31 pm EST,(marketscreener.com) Press Release Paris – 6 November 2023 Share Transactions Disclosure FL Entertainment N.V. declares the following transactions made on its own shares from 30 October to 3 November 2023 in accordance with the authorization given by the shar…,Press ReleaseParis – 6 November 2023Share Transactions DisclosureFL Entertainment N.V. (894500G73K46H93RF180) declares the following transactions made on its own shares (NL0015000X07) from 30 October to 3 November 2023 in accordance with the authorization given by the shareholder’s annual meeting on 15 June 2023.Trade Date Side Total Daily Volume (Number of Shares) Average Price Amount of Transactions Market Identification Code 2023-10-30 BUY 534 8.700000 4 645.80 XAMS 2023-10-30 SELL 1 8.750000 8.75 XAMS 2023-11-03 SELL 100 8.750000 875.00 XAMSThe disclosure of all share transactions was made publicly available and can be consulted on the company’s website (https://www.flentertainment.com/liquidity-agreement/) under the section « Investors ».AgendaQ3 2023 results: 9 November 2023Investor RelationsCaroline Cohen – Phone: +33 1 44 95 23 34 – c.cohen@flentertainment.comPress Relationsflentertainment@brunswickgroup.comHugues Boëton – Phone: +33 6 79 99 27 15Nicolas Grange – Phone: +33 6 29 56 20 19About FL EntertainmentFounded by Stéphane Courbit  a 30-year entertainment industry pioneer and entrepreneur  FL Entertainment Group is a global leader in multimedia content and gaming  combining the strengths of Banijay  the world’s largest independent producer distributor  with Betclic Everest Group  the fastest-growing online sports betting platform in Europe. In 2022  FL Entertainment recorded through Banijay and Betclic Everest Group  a combined revenue  and Adjusted EBITDA  of €4 047m and €670m respectively. FL Entertainment listed on Euronext Amsterdam in July 2022.ISIN: NL0015000X07 - Bloomberg: FLE NA - Reuters: FLE.ASAttachment,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.01,neutral,0.03,0.97,0.01,True,English,"['FL Entertainment', 'Weekly', 'transactions', 'November', '01:31', 'Trade Date Side Total Daily Volume', 'growing online sports betting platform', 'largest independent producer distributor', '30-year entertainment industry pioneer', 'Transactions Market Identification Code', 'FL Entertainment N.V.', 'Average Price Amount', 'Hugues Boëton', 'Stéphane Courbit', 'Betclic Everest Group', 'FLE.AS Attachment', 'FL Entertainment Group', 'Share Transactions Disclosure', 'Press Relations flentertainment', 'following transactions', 'Press Release', 'Investor Relations', 'FLE NA', 'annual meeting', 'Q3 2023 results', 'Nicolas Grange', 'global leader', 'multimedia content', 'combined revenue', 'Adjusted EBITDA', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'Caroline Cohen', 'Paris', '6 November', '94500G73K46H93RF180', 'shares', '30 October', '3 November', 'accordance', 'authorization', 'shareholder', '15 June', 'Number', 'BUY', 'XAMS', 'SELL', 'company', 'website', 'liquidity-agreement', 'section', 'Investors', 'Agenda', 'Phone', 'brunswickgroup', 'entrepreneur', 'gaming', 'strengths', 'Banijay', 'world', 'Europe', 'July', 'ISIN', 'Bloomberg', 'Reuters']",2023-11-06,2023-11-07,marketscreener.com
32314,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/11/06/2774434/0/en/Information-on-the-Total-Number-of-Voting-Rights-Denominator-following-Conversion-Notice-from-Atlas.html,Information on the Total Number of Voting Rights (Denominator) following Conversion Notice from Atlas,Regulated Information - Denominator  Atlas Special Opportunities  LLC has converted 4 convertible bonds in Oxurion resulting in a EUR 100 000 capital......,Regulated Information - DenominatorAtlas Special Opportunities  LLC has converted 4 convertible bonds in Oxurion resulting in a EUR 100 000 capital increase. This is part of Atlas Special Opportunities  LLC’s EUR 20 million Capital Commitment1 that will allow Oxurion to focus on progressing its novel and differentiated back of the eye drug candidate targeting potential market opportunities of over USD 5 billion.Leuven  BELGIUM  Boston  MA  US – November 6  2023 – 08.00 PM CET – In accordance with article 15 of the Belgian Act of May 2  2007 on the disclosure of major participations in issuers of which shares are admitted to trading on a regulated market and regarding miscellaneous provisions  Oxurion NV (Euronext Brussels: OXUR) (the “Company” or “Oxurion”)  announces the below information  following the issuance of 155 279 503 new ordinary shares on November 6  2023  for a total amount of EUR 100 000  as the result of the conversion of 4 convertible bonds  pursuant to the Capital Commitment entered into with Atlas Special Opportunities  LLC.Following completion of the capital increase through the conversion of the convertible bonds  the total number of shares issued by Oxurion amounts to 3 112 043 514 outstanding ordinary shares carrying voting rights (compared to 2 956 764 011 outstanding ordinary shares previously). This number will be used as the denominator for the calculation of the percentages of shareholdings.Therefore  Oxurion publishes the following updated information:Share capital (EUR) 83 106 161.32Total number of securities with voting rights (all ordinary shares) 3 112 043 514 Total number of ordinary shares (= denominator) 3 112 043 514 Number of outstanding  granted rights to subscribe to securities carrying voting rights not yet issued: 590 500 subscription rights (“SRs”) issued on November 20  2017  entitling their holders to subscribe to a total number of 590 500 securities carrying voting rights (all ordinary shares);60 000 SRs issued on December 23  2020  entitling their holders to subscribe to a total number of 60 000 securities carrying voting rights (all ordinary shares);972 250 SRs issued on April 14  2021  entitling their holders to subscribe to a total number of 972 250 securities carrying voting rights (all ordinary shares);532 500 SRs issued on September 22  2021  entitling their holders to subscribe to a total number of 532 500 securities carrying voting rights (all ordinary shares);604 405 SRs issued on December 30  2021  entitling their holders to subscribe to a total number of 604 405 securities carrying voting rights (all ordinary shares);268 convertible bonds issued on March 14  2023  April 20  2023  May 22  2023  June 15  2023  August 10  2023  September 15  2023  October 20  2023  and October 24  2023  entitling its holder  Atlas Special Opportunities  LLC  to subscribe to a total number of securities carrying voting rights (all ordinary shares) in accordance with the terms and conditions of these convertible bonds pursuant to the Subscription Agreement entered into between the Company and Atlas Special Opportunities  LLC on March 1  2023  as amended on October 3  2023.100 convertible bonds issued on December 20  2021  entitling their holders (Kreos Capital VI (UK) Limited  Pontifax Medison Finance (Israel) L.P. and Pontifax Medison Finance (Cayman) L.P.) to subscribe to a total number of securities carrying voting rights (all ordinary shares) in accordance with the terms and conditions of these convertible bonds as attached to the Agreement for the provision of a Loan Facility entered into between the Company  Kreos Capital VI (UK) Limited  Pontifax Medison Finance (Israel) L.P. and Pontifax Medison Finance (Cayman) L.P.  on November 21  2021 (as amended from time to time).ENDAbout OxurionOxurion (Euronext Brussels: OXUR) is a biopharmaceutical company developing next generation standard of care ophthalmic therapies  which are designed to improve and better preserve vision in patients with retinal disorders including diabetic macular edema (DME)  the leading cause of vision loss in working-age people  as well as other conditions. Oxurion intends to play an important role in the treatment of retinal disorders  including the successful development of THR-149  its novel therapeutic for the treatment of DME. THR-149 is a potent plasma kallikrein inhibitor being developed as a potential new standard of care for the up to 50% of DME patients showing suboptimal response to anti-VEGF therapy. Oxurion is headquartered in Leuven  Belgium  with corporate operations in Boston  MA. More information is available at www.oxurion.com.Important information about forward-looking statementsCertain statements in this press release may be considered “forward-looking”. Such forward-looking statements are based on current expectations  and  accordingly  entail and are influenced by various risks and uncertainties. The Company therefore cannot provide any assurance that such forward-looking statements will materialize and does not assume any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statement  whether as a result of new information  future events  or any other reason. Additional information concerning risks and uncertainties affecting the business and other factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from any forward-looking statement is contained in the Company’s Annual Report. This press release does not constitute an offer or invitation for the sale or purchase of securities or assets of Oxurion in any jurisdiction. No securities of Oxurion may be offered or sold within the United States without registration under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933  as amended  or in compliance with an exemption therefrom  and in accordance with any applicable U.S. state securities laws.For further information please contact:Oxurion NVTom GraneyChief Executive OfficerTel: +32 16 75 13 10tom.graney@oxurion.comMichaël DillenChief Business OfficerTel: +32 16 75 13 10michael.dillen@oxurion.com USConway CommunicationsMary T. Conwaymtconway@conwaycommsir.com1 Press release Oxurion  02/03/2023Attachments,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.27,0.4,0.34,True,English,"['Total Number', 'Voting Rights', 'Conversion Notice', 'Information', 'Denominator', 'Atlas', 'potent plasma kallikrein inhibitor', 'EUR 20 million Capital Commitment1', 'Atlas Special Opportunities', 'Pontifax Medison Finance', 'next generation standard', 'diabetic macular edema', 'potential new standard', 'EUR 100,000 capital increase', 'Kreos Capital VI', 'potential market opportunities', 'care ophthalmic therapies', 'Such forward-looking statements', '155,279,503 new ordinary shares', '3,112,043,514 outstanding ordinary shares', '2,956,764,011 outstanding ordinary shares', 'Share capital', 'regulated market', '4 convertible bonds', 'drug candidate', 'Belgian Act', 'major participations', 'miscellaneous provisions', 'Euronext Brussels', 'total amount', '268 convertible bonds', '100 convertible bonds', 'L.P.', 'Loan Facility', 'retinal disorders', 'leading cause', 'working-age people', 'important role', 'successful development', 'suboptimal response', 'anti-VEGF therapy', 'corporate operations', 'press release', 'current expectations', 'various risks', 'voting rights', '590,500 subscription rights', 'total number', 'Regulated Information', 'updated information', 'More information', 'Important information', 'Subscription Agreement', 'vision loss', 'novel therapeutic', 'biopharmaceutical company', 'The Company', 'other conditions', 'Oxurion NV', 'DME patients', 'Denominator', 'LLC', 'back', 'eye', 'Leuven', 'BELGIUM', 'Boston', 'November', '08.00 PM', 'accordance', 'article', 'May', 'disclosure', 'issuers', 'issuance', 'result', 'conversion', 'completion', 'calculation', 'percentages', 'shareholdings', 'securities', 'SRs', 'holders', 'December', 'April', 'September', 'March', 'June', 'August', 'October', 'terms', 'UK', 'Israel', 'Cayman', 'Limited', 'time', 'END', 'treatment', 'THR-149', 'uncertainties', 'assurance', 'obligation']",2023-11-06,2023-11-07,globenewswire.com
32315,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.investorsobserver.com/news/qm-pr/8671945161266139,MaaT Pharma Announces First Patient Dosed in Phase 2b Randomized Clinical Trial Evaluating MaaT033 in Patients Receiving Allo-HSCT,PHOEBUS is a Phase 2b randomized placebo-controlled trial investigating MaaT033 as an adjunctive therapy to improve 12-month overall survival rates for allogeneic hematopoietic stem cell transplant (allo-HSCT) patients     MaaT033  the Company&#x2019;s...,MaaT Pharma Announces First Patient Dosed in Phase 2b Randomized Clinical Trial Evaluating MaaT033 in Patients Receiving Allo-HSCTPHOEBUS is a Phase 2b randomized placebo-controlled trial investigating MaaT033 as an adjunctive therapy to improve 12-month overall survival rates for allogeneic hematopoietic stem cell transplant (allo-HSCT) patientsMaaT033  the Company’s second drug candidate  is a donor-derived full microbiome ecosystem capsule applicable for ambulatory careRegulatory News:MaaT Pharma (EURONEXT: MAAT – the “Company”)  a clinical-stage biotechnology company and a leader in the development of Microbiome Ecosystem Therapies TM (MET) dedicated to enhancing survival for patients with cancer  announced today that the first patient has been treated as part of its Phase 2b trial  called PHOEBUS  investigating the efficacy of MaaT033 in improving overall survival (OS) at 12 months for patients with blood cancer receiving allo-HSCT. The trial is an international  multi-center  randomized  double-blind  placebo-control study ( NCT05762211 )  which will be conducted in up to 56 clinical investigation sites and is expected to enroll 387 patients. It is to date the largest randomized controlled trial assessing a microbiome therapy in oncology.“Today marks a significant milestone for us as our second product  MaaT033  enters Phase 2b clinical trials in allo-HSCT. The opportunity to offer patients a capsule that can be taken at home not only furthers our overall mission to improve patient survival in multiple situations  but also reinforces our leadership in the field  as we believe this program is currently the most advanced in the microbiome/hemato-oncology field ” said Hervé Affagard  CEO and co-founder of MaaT Pharma.Prof. Florent Malard   Professor of Hematology at the Saint-Antoine Hospital and Sorbonne University  and principal investigator of the study added  “A growing body of evidence indicates that gut imbalance leads to higher mortality in our field. By directly targeting to restore the gut microbiome richness in patients receiving harsh and deleterious treatments  our goal is to ensure optimal microbiome functions that can potentially lead to improved hematopoietic and immune recovery as well as overall survival.”To date  the Company has received regulatory approvals from France and Germany  and the clinical trial will be expanded to sites in additional countries subject to regulatory approval.Study objectives:- Primary endpoint: Overall Survival  evaluated in late 2026.- Secondary endpoints include evaluation of safety and tolerability before and after allo-HSCT  and evaluation of the engraftment of beneficial microbial species from MaaT033.About MaaT033MaaT033  a donor-derived  high-richness  high-diversity oral Microbiome Ecosystem Therapy TM containing anti-inflammatory Butycore TM species  is currently being developed as an adjunctive therapy to improve overall survival in patients receiving HSCT and other cellular therapies. It aims to ensure optimal microbiota function and to address a larger patient population in a chronic setting. MaaT033 has been granted Orphan Drug Designation by the European Medicines Agency (EMA) in August 2023.About Allogeneic hematopoietic stem cell transplantation (allo-HSCT)Allogeneic hematopoietic stem cell transplantation (allo-HSCT) for liquid tumors can replace cancerous cells  but the harsh conditioning treatments damage the gut microbiome  which has been linked to decreased survival  increased risk of graft-vs-host disease  and infections due to impaired immune function. Nearly 20 000 allo-HSCT transplantations per year in Europe were reported in 2021 by the European Society for Blood and Marrow Transplantation (EBMT) and continue to increase.About MaaT PharmaMaaT Pharma  a clinical-stage biotechnology company  has established a complete approach to restoring patient-microbiome symbiosis in oncology. Committed to treating cancer and graft-versus-host disease (GvHD)  a serious complication of allogeneic stem cell transplantation  MaaT Pharma has launched  in March 2022  an open-label  single-arm Phase 3 clinical trial in patients with acute GvHD  following the achievement of its proof of concept in a Phase 2 trial. Its powerful discovery and analysis platform  gutPrint®  enables the identification of novel disease targets  evaluation of drug candidates  and identification of biomarkers for microbiome-related conditions. The company’s Microbiome Ecosystem Therapies are produced through a standardized cGMP manufacturing and quality control process to safely deliver the full diversity of the microbiome in liquid and oral formulations. MaaT Pharma benefits from the commitment of world-leading scientists and established relationships with regulators to support the integration of the use of microbiome therapies in clinical practice. MaaT Pharma is listed on Euronext Paris (ticker: MAAT).Forward-looking StatementsAll statements other than statements of historical fact included in this press release about future events are subject to (i) change without notice and (ii) factors beyond the Company’s control. These statements may include  without limitation  any statements preceded by  followed by or including words such as “target ” “believe ” “expect ” “aim ” “intend ” “may ” “anticipate ” “estimate ” “plan ” “project ” “will ” “can have ” “likely ” “should ” “would ” “could” and other words and terms of similar meaning or the negative thereof. Forward-looking statements are subject to inherent risks and uncertainties beyond the Company’s control that could cause the Company’s actual results or performance to be materially different from the expected results or performance expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements.View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20231105482712/en/MaaT Pharma – Investor RelationsGuilhaume DEBROAS  Ph.D.Head of Investor Relations+33 6 16 48 92 50invest@maat-pharma.comMaaT Pharma – Media RelationsPauline RICHAUDSenior PR & Corporate Communications Manager+33 6 14 06 45 92media@maat-pharma.comTrophic CommunicationsJacob VERGHESE orPriscillia PERRIN+49 151 7441 6179maat@trophic.eu,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,mixed,0.28,0.43,0.29,True,English,"['Phase 2b Randomized Clinical Trial', 'MaaT Pharma', 'First Patient', 'MaaT033', 'Patients', 'Allo-HSCT', 'international, multi-center, randomized, double-blind, placebo-control study', 'allogeneic hematopoietic stem cell transplant', 'Phase 2b randomized placebo-controlled trial', 'open-label, single-arm Phase 3 clinical trial', 'Phase 2b Randomized Clinical Trial', 'donor-derived full microbiome ecosystem capsule', 'allogeneic stem cell transplantation', 'largest randomized controlled trial', 'Phase 2b clinical trials', 'anti-inflammatory Butycore TM species', 'Microbiome Ecosystem Therapies TM', 'Microbiome Ecosystem Therapy TM', '12-month overall survival rates', 'Phase 2b trial', 'beneficial microbial species', 'Prof. Florent Malard', 'other cellular therapies', 'standardized cGMP manufacturing', 'quality control process', 'optimal microbiome functions', 'Orphan Drug Designation', '56 clinical investigation sites', 'optimal microbiota function', 'European Medicines Agency', 'novel disease targets', 'larger patient population', 'gut microbiome richness', 'second drug candidate', 'clinical-stage biotechnology company', 'harsh conditioning treatments', 'Phase 2 trial', 'Marrow Transplantation', 'microbiome therapies', 'full diversity', 'clinical practice', 'microbiome therapy', 'Study objectives', 'drug candidates', 'adjunctive therapy', 'second product', 'deleterious treatments', 'immune function', 'European Society', 'overall mission', 'gut imbalance', 'graft-vs-host disease', 'First Patient', 'patient survival', 'ambulatory care', 'Regulatory News', 'up to', 'significant milestone', 'multiple situations', 'Hervé Affagard', 'Saint-Antoine Hospital', 'Sorbonne University', 'principal investigator', 'growing body', 'higher mortality', 'immune recovery', 'regulatory approvals', 'additional countries', 'Primary endpoint', 'Secondary endpoints', 'high-diversity oral', 'chronic setting', 'cancerous cells', 'complete approach', 'patient-microbiome symbiosis', 'serious complication', 'powerful discovery', 'analysis platform', 'microbiome-related conditions', 'oral formulations', 'world-leading scientists', 'historical fact', 'press release', 'future events', 'MaaT Pharma', 'liquid tumors', 'acute GvHD', 'Euronext Paris', 'microbiome/hemato-oncology field', 'Forward-looking Statements', '20,000 allo-HSCT transplantations', 'blood cancer', 'MaaT033', 'Patients', 'PHOEBUS', 'leader', 'development', 'MET', 'part', 'efficacy', '12 months', 'NCT05762211', 'Today', 'opportunity', 'home', 'program', 'CEO', 'founder', 'Professor', 'Hematology', 'evidence', 'goal', 'France', 'Germany', 'evaluation', 'safety', 'tolerability', 'engraftment', 'August', 'decreased', 'risk', 'infections', 'impaired', 'year', 'EBMT', 'March', 'achievement', 'proof', 'concept', 'gutPrint®', 'identification', 'biomarkers', 'commitment', 'relationships', 'regulators', 'integration', 'use', 'change']",2023-11-06,2023-11-07,investorsobserver.com
32316,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/GROUPE-AIRWELL-125185219/news/Groupe-Airwell-9-MONTH-REVENUE-EUR-46-7-MILLION-9-GUIDANCE-CONFIRMED-FOR-DOUBLE-DIGIT-G-45251443/,Groupe Airwell :  9-MONTH REVENUE: EUR 46.7 MILLION (+9%) - GUIDANCE CONFIRMED FOR DOUBLE-DIGIT GROWTH IN FY 2023,(marketscreener.com)  The Airwell Group   a creator of smart energy ecosystems  reported its revenue for the first nine months of the fiscal year 2023.French standards – unauditedQ3 2022Q3 2023Change 9m 20229m 2023Change Mainland France4.97.…,"The Airwell Group (Euronext Access+  MLAIR)  a creator of smart energy ecosystems  reported its revenue for the first nine months of the fiscal year 2023.French standards(€m) – unaudited Q3 2022 Q3 2023 Change (%) 9m 2022 9m 2023 Change (%) Mainland France 4.9 7.4 +53.0% 17.3 22.8 +32.0% Overseas territories 2.6 2.4 -9.0% 7.7 4.9 -36.0% International 6.6 4.4 -33.4% 17.9 19.0 +6.7% TOTAL 14.1 14.2 +0.7% 42.9 46.7 +9.0%Q3 2023 revenueAirwell generated revenue of €14.2m in the third quarter of 2023  up slightly by 0.7% year-on-year. This performance is consistent with projections announced at the time of the Group's first-half 2023 results (see press release of 19 September 2023). It includes the contribution of Amzair Industrie (renamed Airwell Industrie)  consolidated since 1 July 2023  for €0.7m.Performances were mixed in Q3 2023  with brisk growth in mainland France (up 53.0% to €7.4m) which was driven by a buoyant market on the back of Airwell's commercial successes and new distribution contracts. The excellent performance in mainland France largely offset the expected decline in French overseas territories  which was limited to -9.0% over the quarter  representing a significant improvement on H1 2023. Business in the Antilles gradually returned to its previous level of orders following the impact of a reorganisation of distributor at the start of the year.In Q3 2023  international business posted a one-off decline due to postponed orders that are scheduled for delivery in the fourth quarter (notably RAC products[1]).At the end of the first nine months  Airwell achieved revenue of €46.7m  up 9.0% versus the same period in 2022 (+7.3% like-for-like). Mainland France reported revenue of €22.8m  an increase of 32.0% accounting for 49% of sales over the nine-month period. Nine-month revenue for French overseas territories totalled €4.9m  representing 10% of sales. Lastly  international business recorded nine-month revenue of €19.0m (+6.7% year-on-year)  with 41% of sales.The breakdown in sales per sector after nine months remains unchanged from 2022: 94% and 6% for residential and commercial markets respectively.Sales surged 57.7% for Air-Water Heat Pumps in the residential equipment business  accounting for €15.0m at the end of the first nine months of the fiscal year 2023. RAC[2] sales totalled €24.5m after nine months (-17.2%) and are set to accelerate sharply in Q4 2023  both in France and export markets. It should also be noted that nine-month sales for renewables (photovoltaic panels) ramped up to €3.1m (vs. €0.3m in 2022).Double-digit growth confirmed in FY 2023Thanks to its distinctive foothold in a continued dynamic market  bolstered by the French government's robust policy to encourage the development of ""Made in France"" heat pumps  Airwell is strongly positioned to continue its growth.Supported by a favourable order backlog in mainland France  and factoring in a return to normal business in French overseas territories as well as the projected recovery in international sales  the Group expects a marked acceleration in growth for the fourth quarter.In this context  the Group confirms its guidance for double-digit growth in revenue for the fiscal year 2023  in line with its first-half performance. Besides  the Group reiterates its targets for 2025 of a revenue in excess of €100m and EBITDA margin of more than 5%.Next publication: Full-year revenue: Tuesday 6th February 2024  after trading.About AirwellFounded in 1947 in France  Airwell is France's leading designer of heat pumps in the field of climatic and thermal engineering. A major operator  the French pioneer in heat pumps and then the leading European manufacturer in the 1970s  Airwell became Groupe Airwell in 2021. In a market driven by the energy transition  the company aims to become a reference in Europe  and a key player in climate and thermal solutions based on needs and uses on a global level  with a presence in 80 countries. In 2022  the French developer of climatic and thermal solutions continued to develop in an effort to optimise the energy consumption of its products  protect natural resources and capture solar energy  thereby significantly reducing its customers' environmental footprints. Based in Montigny-le-Bretonneux (78)  Groupe Airwell has 100 employees. In March 2023  Groupe Airwell became a member of the Communauté du Coq Vert run by Bpi France and ADEME (French Agency for Ecological Transition).Compartment: Euronext Growth® Paris; Ticker: ALAIRwww.groupe-airwell.comContactsCEOLaurent Roegelinvestisseurs@airwell.comListing SponsorRodolphe Ossolarodolphe.ossola@atoutcapital.com+33 (0)1 56 69 61 86Financial CommunicationAnne-Pauline Petureauxapetureaux@actus.fr+33 (0)1 53 67 36 72Media RelationsManon Clairetmclairet@actus.fr+33 (0)1 53 67 36 73[1] Residential Air Conditioning[2] Residential Air ConditioningThis publication embed ""🔒 Actusnews SECURITY MASTER "".- SECURITY MASTER Key: xpybkZyaZJmcnnJwYp2ZmWeZbZhpxpHKmpXHmWebl57Gbp9myGyTnJeeZnFjnGtm- Check this key: https://www.security-master-key.com .Regulated information:Quarterly financial reporting:- Third quarter financial report Full and original press release in PDF: https://www.actusnews.com/news/82760-airwell_pr_q32023_final.pdfReceive by email the next press releases of the company by registering on www.actusnews.com   it's free© 2023 ActusNews",neutral,0.04,0.95,0.01,mixed,0.62,0.17,0.22,True,English,"['Groupe Airwell', '9-MONTH REVENUE', 'GUIDANCE CONFIRMED', 'DOUBLE-DIGIT GROWTH', 'EUR', 'FY', 'Communauté du Coq Vert', 'new distribution contracts', 'favourable order backlog', ""customers' environmental footprints"", 'Anne-Pauline Petureaux apetureaux', 'Actusnews SECURITY MASTER', 'leading European manufacturer', 'Residential Air Conditioning', 'smart energy ecosystems', 'first nine months', 'continued dynamic market', 'Rodolphe Ossola rodolphe', 'SECURITY MASTER Key', 'French overseas territories', 'Air-Water Heat Pumps', 'residential equipment business', 'Euronext Growth® Paris', 'The Airwell Group', 'Euronext Access', 'leading designer', 'French standards', 'French government', 'French pioneer', 'French developer', 'French Agency', 'energy transition', 'energy consumption', 'solar energy', 'first-half 2023 results', 'press release', 'Amzair Industrie', 'buoyant market', 'commercial successes', 'significant improvement', 'previous level', 'same period', 'nine-month period', 'commercial markets', 'export markets', 'photovoltaic panels', 'distinctive foothold', 'robust policy', 'normal business', 'marked acceleration', 'EBITDA margin', 'Tuesday 6th', 'thermal engineering', 'major operator', 'key player', 'thermal solutions', 'global level', 'natural resources', 'Ecological Transition', 'Contacts CEO', 'Laurent Roegel', 'Listing Sponsor', 'Financial Communication', 'Media Relations', 'Manon Clairet', 'brisk growth', 'Double-digit growth', 'third quarter', 'international business', 'fourth quarter', 'Mainland France', 'excellent performance', 'first-half performance', 'Bpi France', 'fiscal year', 'one-off decline', 'RAC products', 'Next publication', 'Airwell Industrie', 'Nine-month revenue', 'Full-year revenue', 'RAC[2] sales', 'nine-month sales', 'Q3 2022 Q3', 'Groupe Airwell', 'international sales', 'Q3 2023 revenue', 'MLAIR', 'creator', 'Change', 'TOTAL', 'projections', 'time', '19 September', 'contribution', '1 July', 'Performances', 'H1', 'Antilles', 'orders', 'impact', 'reorganisation', 'distributor', 'start', 'delivery', 'end', 'increase', 'breakdown', 'sector', 'Q4', 'renewables', 'FY 2023', 'development', 'Made', 'return', 'recovery', 'context', 'guidance', 'targets', 'excess', 'trading', 'field', 'climatic', '1970s', 'company', 'reference', 'climate', 'needs', 'uses', 'presence', '80 countries', 'effort', 'Bretonneux', '100 employees', 'March', 'member', 'ADEME', 'Compartment', 'Ticker', 'ALAIR', 'atoutcapital', 'mclairet', 'xpybkZyaZJmcnnJwYp2ZmWeZbZhpxpHKmpXHmWebl57Gbp9myGyTnJeeZnFjnGtm', '32.0']",2023-11-06,2023-11-07,marketscreener.com
32317,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/11/06/2774402/0/en/Mithra-releases-invitation-to-its-extraordinary-securities-holders-meeting.html,Mithra releases invitation to its extraordinary securities holders’ meeting,Mithra releases invitation to its extraordinary securities holders’ meeting  Liege  Belgium  06 November 2023 – 17:45 CET – Mithra...,"Mithra releases invitation to its extraordinary securities holders’ meetingLiege  Belgium  06 November 2023 – 17:45 CET – Mithra (Euronext Brussels: MITRA)  a company dedicated to Women’s Health announces today that it has published and issued an invitation to its announced1 and conditionally planned for extraordinary securities holders’ meeting that will be held on Thursday  23 November 2023  at 2:00 PM (CET).The notice for the extraordinary general meeting (EGM)  including a description of the formalities to participate at the meeting  is available on the website investors.mithra.com.Admission requirementsAs referred in the meetings' invitation published in the Belgian press  the right to participate in the EGM and to vote is subject to the prior registration of the shares under the relevant shareholder’s name by 17 November 2023 at midnight (CET) (the ""Record Date"")  either by way of registration on the company’s share register  or either by way of registration in book entry form in an account held with a settlement institution or a certified account holder  without taking into account the number of shares held by the shareholder at the day of the EGM. Only persons who are shareholders on the Record Date are entitled to vote at the EGM.The shareholders must indicate their willingness to participate in the EGM by 17 November 2023 at the latest. This must be done by email to corporate.secretary@mithra.com  or by mail marked for the attention of Mithra Pharmaceuticals SA  Corporate Secretary  5  rue Saint-Georges in 4000 Liège.Right to ask questionsThe directors will answer questions that are asked by the shareholders in writing  before the meeting and concerning the agenda  in accordance with legal provisions. These questions may be asked prior to the EGM by email via corporate.secretary@mithra.com or by mail marked for the attention of Mithra Pharmaceuticals SA  Corporate Secretary  5  rue Saint-Georges in 4000 Liège. These questions must be received by the Company by 17 November 2023 at the latest.Further information relating to the above-mentioned rights and the modalities for exercising them are available on the Company's website (www.mithra.com).ProxiesShareholders wishing to be represented at the meeting by a proxy holder must send the completed and signed2 proxy form to the Company on 17 November 2023 at the latest  by email  fax or mail to Mithra’s headquarters.Further information on the exercise of this right is available on the Company’s website (www.mithra.com). The proxy and voting forms may be obtained on the Company's website (www.mithra.com) or upon request at the Company's registered office  or by email to corporate.secretary@mithra.com.Shareholders wishing to be represented must comply with the registration and confirmation procedure described above.Available documentsAll documents concerning the special and extraordinary general meetings that are required by law to be made available to shareholders as well as the text of the amended articles of association following the approval of the amendments proposed on the agenda may be consulted on the Company's website (www.mithra.com) as from 06 November 2023. As from the same date  shareholders have the right to consult these documents on business days and during normal office hours  at the Company's registered office and/or  upon display of their securities  obtain copies of these documents free of charge.Requests for copies may also be made  free of charge  by mail (writing) marked for the attention of Mithra Pharmaceuticals SA  Corporate Secretary  5  rue Saint-Georges à 4000 Liège  or by email to corporate.secretary@mithra.com.For more information  please contact:Mithra Pharmaceuticals SAAlex Sokolowski  PhDHead of Investor Relationsinvestorrelations@mithra.com+32 (0)4 349 28 22Frédérique DepraetereCommunications Directorinfo@mithra.com+32 (0)4 349 28 22About MithraMithra Pharmaceuticals SA (Euronext: MITRA) is a Belgian biopharmaceutical company dedicated to transforming Women’s Health by offering new choices through innovation  with a particular focus on contraception and menopause. Mithra’s goal is to develop products offering better efficacy  safety and convenience  meeting women’s needs throughout their life span. Mithra explores the potential of the unique native estrogen estetrol in a wide range of applications in women health and beyond. After having successfully launched the first estetrol-based product in 2021  the contraceptive pill ESTELLE®  Mithra is now focusing on its second product DONESTA®  the next-generation hormone therapy. Mithra also offers partners a complete spectrum of solutions from early drug development  clinical batches and commercial manufacturing of complex polymeric products (vaginal ring  implants) and complex liquid injectables and biologicals (vials  pre-filled syringes or cartridges) at its technological platform Mithra CDMO. Active in more than 100 countries around the world  is headquartered in Liège  Belgium. www.mithra.comESTELLE® and DONESTA® are registered trademarks of Mithra Pharmaceuticals or one of its affiliates.Important informationThe contents of this announcement include statements that are  or may be deemed to be  ""forward-looking statements"". These forward-looking statements can be identified by the use of forward-looking terminology  including the words ""believes""  ""estimates "" ""anticipates""  ""expects""  ""intends""  ""may""  ""will""  ""plans""  ""continue""  ""ongoing""  ""potential""  ""predict""  ""project""  ""target""  ""seek"" or ""should""  and include statements the Company makes concerning the intended results of its strategy. By their nature  forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties and readers are cautioned that any such forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance. The Company's actual results may differ materially from those predicted by the forward-looking statements. The Company undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise forward-looking statements  except as may be required by law.Subscribe to our mailing list on investors.mithra.com to receive ourpress releases by email or follow us on our social media :Linkedin • X • Facebook1 Convening Notice of Mithra’s 30 October SGM/EGM2 The form must be signed in writing or electronically  with a qualified electronic signature within the meaning of Regulation (EU) No 910/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 23 July 2014 on electronic identification and trust services for electronic transactions in the internal market and repealing Directive 1999/93/EC  as amendedAttachment",neutral,0.17,0.82,0.01,neutral,0.05,0.93,0.02,True,English,"['extraordinary securities holders’ meeting', 'Mithra', 'invitation', 'Frédérique Depraetere Communications Director', 'unique native estrogen estetrol', 'extraordinary securities holders’ meeting', 'book entry form', 'extraordinary general meetings', 'Investor Relations investorrelations', 'next-generation hormone therapy', 'early drug development', 'complex liquid injectables', 'first estetrol-based product', 'normal office hours', 'signed2 proxy form', 'complex polymeric products', 'Mithra Pharmaceuticals SA', 'certified account holder', 'Belgian biopharmaceutical company', 'Belgian press', 'proxy holder', 'second product', 'registered office', 'Admission requirements', 'Record Date', 'share register', 'settlement institution', 'rue Saint-Georges', '4000 Liège', 'legal provisions', 'voting forms', 'confirmation procedure', 'same date', 'business days', 'Alex Sokolowski', 'new choices', 'particular focus', 'life span', 'wide range', 'contraceptive pill', 'complete spectrum', 'clinical batches', 'commercial manufacturing', 'vaginal ring', 'technological platform', ""meetings' invitation"", 'Further information', 'Euronext Brussels', 'relevant shareholder', 'Mithra CDMO', 'prior registration', 'Available documents', 'Corporate Secretary', 'Liege', 'Belgium', '06 November', 'CET', 'MITRA', 'Women', 'Health', 'Thursday', '2:00 PM', 'notice', 'EGM', 'description', 'formalities', 'website', 'investors', 'right', 'shares', 'name', '17 November', 'midnight', 'way', 'number', 'persons', 'shareholders', 'willingness', 'email', 'attention', 'questions', 'directors', 'writing', 'agenda', 'accordance', 'modalities', 'Proxies', 'fax', 'headquarters', 'exercise', 'request', 'special', 'law', 'text', 'articles', 'association', 'approval', 'amendments', 'display', 'copies', 'charge', 'PhD', 'innovation', 'contraception', 'menopause', 'goal', 'efficacy', 'safety', 'convenience', 'needs', 'potential', 'applications', 'ESTELLE', 'DONESTA®', 'partners', 'solutions', 'implants', 'biologicals', 'vials', 'syringes', 'cartridges', '100 countries', 'world', '32']",2023-11-06,2023-11-07,globenewswire.com
32318,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/11/06/2773709/0/en/CGG-and-LightOn-Collaborate-to-Evaluate-Industrial-HPC-and-AI-Models.html,CGG and LightOn Collaborate to Evaluate Industrial HPC and AI Models,Paris  France – November 6  2023    CGG  a global technology & HPC leader  and LightOn  a pioneering artificial intelligence (AI) company  have...,"Paris  France – November 6  2023CGG  a global technology & HPC leader  and LightOn  a pioneering artificial intelligence (AI) company  have joined forces under a new contract to leverage CGG's industrial High-Performance Computing (HPC) solutions. This will enable LightOn to optimally evaluate and test Large Language Models (LLMs) to support the industrial deployment of AI.The agreement between CGG and LightOn is driven by a shared industrial approach based on robust  reliable  scalable and cost-performant technology. LightOn's AI targets industrial applications through the use of their generative AI Paradigm platform  while CGG's outcome-driven  highly optimized and sustainable approach to industrial HPC  based on its proprietary immersion cooling technology and use of 100% renewable energy  is well proven in the energy industry. LightOn can now use CGG's HPC & AI Centre of Excellence to benchmark their LLMs  exploring innovative hardware configurations hosted by CGG to identify the most optimal solution.""LightOn is at the forefront of innovation in AI  creating from scratch and delivering no less than 12 LLMs "" said Laurent Daudet  Co-CEO  LightOn. ""We're on a mission to transform business productivity for our clients and revolutionize how companies perceive and use generative AI. Having access to CGG's latest HPC technology will accelerate our evaluation and testing  and ultimately our overall business strategy.""""This collaboration with LightOn reflects CGG’s ongoing commitment to delivering cutting-edge and energy-efficient AI and HPC solutions with a focus on performance and sustainability "" said Agnès Boudot  EVP  HPC & Cloud Solutions  CGG. ""Our optimized HPC can help our customers successfully scale their production workloads  including generative AI  while maximizing their return on investment.""About CGGCGG (www.cgg.com) is a global technology and HPC leader that provides data  products  services and solutions in Earth science  data science  sensing and monitoring. Our unique portfolio supports our clients in efficiently and responsibly solving complex digital  energy transition  natural resource  environmental  and infrastructure challenges for a more sustainable future. CGG employs around 3 400 people worldwide and is listed on the Euronext Paris SA (ISIN: 0013181864).ContactsGroup Communications & Investor RelationsChristophe BarniniTel: + 33 1 64 47 38 11E-Mail: christophe.barnini@cgg.comAttachment",neutral,0.03,0.96,0.0,neutral,0.09,0.9,0.01,True,English,"['Industrial HPC', 'AI Models', 'CGG', 'LightOn', 'pioneering artificial intelligence (AI) company', 'complex digital, energy transition', 'proprietary immersion cooling technology', 'generative AI Paradigm platform', 'Large Language Models', 'robust, reliable, scalable', 'innovative hardware configurations', 'Agnès Boudot', 'Contacts Group Communications', 'overall business strategy', 'industrial High-Performance Computing', 'Euronext Paris SA', 'latest HPC technology', '100% renewable energy', 'energy industry', 'global technology', 'cost-performant technology', 'business productivity', 'AI Centre', 'energy-efficient AI', 'industrial deployment', 'industrial approach', 'industrial applications', 'new contract', 'sustainable approach', 'optimal solution', 'Laurent Daudet', 'ongoing commitment', 'production workloads', 'Earth science', 'unique portfolio', 'natural resource', 'infrastructure challenges', 'sustainable future', 'Investor Relations', 'industrial HPC', 'HPC leader', 'Cloud Solutions', 'HPC) solutions', 'HPC solutions', 'data science', 'Christophe Barnini', 'France', 'November', 'CGG', 'LightOn', 'forces', 'LLMs', 'agreement', 'use', 'optimized', 'Excellence', 'forefront', 'innovation', 'scratch', 'less', 'Co-CEO', 'mission', 'clients', 'companies', 'access', 'evaluation', 'testing', 'collaboration', 'cutting-edge', 'focus', 'sustainability', 'EVP', 'customers', 'return', 'investment', 'products', 'services', 'sensing', 'monitoring', 'environmental', '3,400 people', 'ISIN', 'Attachment']",2023-11-06,2023-11-07,globenewswire.com
32319,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/ECONOCOM-GROUP-SE-35111311/news/Econocom-Group-Se-Treasury-shares-45251154/,Econocom Group Se : Treasury shares -November 06  2023 at 11:50 am EST,(marketscreener.com)  Press releaseREGULATED INFORMATION6 November 2023Treasury sharesAs part of the treasury shares buybacks approved by the general meeting of shareholders on 30 November 2021  Econocom Group SE carried out. from 30 October 2023 to 6 N…,"Press releaseREGULATED INFORMATION6 November 2023Treasury sharesAs part of the treasury shares buybacks approved by the general meeting of shareholders on 30 November 2021  Econocom Group SE carried out. from 30 October 2023 to 6 November 2023  the following transactions concerning the Econocom Group share:Date Negotiation method Transactions Quantities Averageprice(€) Minimumprice(€) Maximumprice(€) 30/10/2023 stock exchange Purchase 29 047 2.225 2.180 2.260 31/10/2023 stock exchange Purchase 22 703 2.299 2.255 2.320 01/11/2023 stock exchange Purchase 27 771 2.277 2.220 2.340 02/11/2023 stock exchange Purchase 32 000 2.287 2.255 2.305 03/11/2023 stock exchange Purchase 22 558 2.298 2.285 2.315 Total 134 079On 6 November 2023  Econocom Group SE held 4 223 037 Econocom Group shares out of a total number of 179 045 899 securities issued. amounting to 2.36% of the firm's securities.All press releases about the treasury shares buyback programme are published in the section ‘Regulated Information – Treasury Shares Buyback' on the financial part of Econocom's website.ABOUT ECONOCOMEconocom is a digital general contractor (DGC). The group conceives  finances and facilitates the digital transformation of large firms and public organisations. It has 50 years' experience and is the only market player offering versatile expertise through a combination of project financing  equipment distribution and digital services. The group operates in 16 countries  with over 8 750 employees. It made €2 718m in revenue in 2022. Econocom is listed on Euronext in Brussels  on the BEL Mid and Family Business indexes.FOR MORE INFORMATIONwww.econocom.comFollow us on LinkedIn and TwitterInvestor and shareholder relations contact:benhjamin.pehau@econocom.comPress relations contact:info@capvalue.frTel. +33 (0)1 80 81 50 01This publication embed ""🔒 Actusnews SECURITY MASTER "".- SECURITY MASTER Key: mJmaaJhraZyZnWyblsdtaZKVZ2yTx5WbZmebm2lumMqbbGxgmpyVaJyYZnFjnGpp- Check this key: https://www.security-master-key.com .Regulated information:Acquisition or disposal of the issuer's own shares:- Information relating to the liquidity contract Full and original press release in PDF: https://www.actusnews.com/news/82753-cp-rachat-d_actions-propres-2023-11-06-vuk.pdfReceive by email the next press releases of the company by registering on www.actusnews.com   it's free© 2023 ActusNews",neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,neutral,0.05,0.94,0.01,True,English,"['Econocom Group Se', 'Treasury shares', 'November', '11', '50', 'Date Negotiation method Transactions Quantities Average price', 'treasury shares buyback programme', 'stock exchange Purchase', 'Family Business indexes', 'shareholder relations contact', 'treasury shares buybacks', 'Press relations contact', 'original press release', 'next press releases', 'digital general contractor', 'Econocom Group SE', 'Econocom Group share', 'SECURITY MASTER Key', 'Actusnews SECURITY MASTER', 'following transactions', 'Minimum price', 'Maximum price', 'general meeting', 'digital transformation', 'digital services', 'total number', 'large firms', 'public organisations', ""50 years' experience"", 'market player', 'versatile expertise', 'project financing', 'equipment distribution', 'BEL Mid', 'liquidity contract', 'REGULATED INFORMATION', 'financial part', 'November', 'shareholders', '30 October', '179,045,899 securities', 'section', 'website', 'ABOUT', 'DGC', 'finances', 'combination', '16 countries', '8,750 employees', 'revenue', 'Euronext', 'Brussels', 'MORE', 'LinkedIn', 'Twitter', 'Investor', 'benhjamin', 'pehau', 'capvalue', 'Tel.', 'publication', 'mJmaaJhraZyZnWyblsdtaZKVZ2yTx5WbZmebm2lumMqbbGxgmpyVaJyYZnFjnGpp', 'Acquisition', 'disposal', 'issuer', 'Full', 'PDF', 'cp', 'rachat', 'email', 'company']",2023-11-06,2023-11-07,marketscreener.com
32320,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/MITHRA-PHARMACEUTICALS-S--22744124/news/Mithra-releases-invitation-to-its-extraordinary-securities-holders-meeting-45251732/,Mithra releases invitation to its extraordinary securities holders' meeting,(marketscreener.com)             Mithra releases invitation to its extraordinary securities holders’ meeting Liege  Belgium  06 November 2023 – 17:45 CET – Mithra   a company dedicated to Women’s Health announces today that it has published and issued an invi…,"Mithra releases invitation to its extraordinary securities holders’ meetingLiege  Belgium  06 November 2023 – 17:45 CET – Mithra (Euronext Brussels: MITRA)  a company dedicated to Women’s Health announces today that it has published and issued an invitation to its announced1 and conditionally planned for extraordinary securities holders’ meeting that will be held on Thursday  23 November 2023  at 2:00 PM (CET).The notice for the extraordinary general meeting (EGM)  including a description of the formalities to participate at the meeting  is available on the website investors.mithra.com.Admission requirementsAs referred in the meetings' invitation published in the Belgian press  the right to participate in the EGM and to vote is subject to the prior registration of the shares under the relevant shareholder’s name by 17 November 2023 at midnight (CET) (the ""Record Date"")  either by way of registration on the company’s share register  or either by way of registration in book entry form in an account held with a settlement institution or a certified account holder  without taking into account the number of shares held by the shareholder at the day of the EGM. Only persons who are shareholders on the Record Date are entitled to vote at the EGM.The shareholders must indicate their willingness to participate in the EGM by 17 November 2023 at the latest. This must be done by email to corporate.secretary@mithra.com  or by mail marked for the attention of Mithra Pharmaceuticals SA  Corporate Secretary  5  rue Saint-Georges in 4000 Liège.Right to ask questionsThe directors will answer questions that are asked by the shareholders in writing  before the meeting and concerning the agenda  in accordance with legal provisions. These questions may be asked prior to the EGM by email via corporate.secretary@mithra.com or by mail marked for the attention of Mithra Pharmaceuticals SA  Corporate Secretary  5  rue Saint-Georges in 4000 Liège. These questions must be received by the Company by 17 November 2023 at the latest.Further information relating to the above-mentioned rights and the modalities for exercising them are available on the Company's website (www.mithra.com).ProxiesShareholders wishing to be represented at the meeting by a proxy holder must send the completed and signed2 proxy form to the Company on 17 November 2023 at the latest  by email  fax or mail to Mithra’s headquarters.Further information on the exercise of this right is available on the Company’s website (www.mithra.com). The proxy and voting forms may be obtained on the Company's website (www.mithra.com) or upon request at the Company's registered office  or by email to corporate.secretary@mithra.com.Shareholders wishing to be represented must comply with the registration and confirmation procedure described above.Available documentsAll documents concerning the special and extraordinary general meetings that are required by law to be made available to shareholders as well as the text of the amended articles of association following the approval of the amendments proposed on the agenda may be consulted on the Company's website (www.mithra.com) as from 06 November 2023. As from the same date  shareholders have the right to consult these documents on business days and during normal office hours  at the Company's registered office and/or  upon display of their securities  obtain copies of these documents free of charge.Requests for copies may also be made  free of charge  by mail (writing) marked for the attention of Mithra Pharmaceuticals SA  Corporate Secretary  5  rue Saint-Georges à 4000 Liège  or by email to corporate.secretary@mithra.com.For more information  please contact:Mithra Pharmaceuticals SAAlex Sokolowski  PhDHead of Investor Relationsinvestorrelations@mithra.com+32 (0)4 349 28 22Frédérique DepraetereCommunications Directorinfo@mithra.com+32 (0)4 349 28 22About MithraMithra Pharmaceuticals SA (Euronext: MITRA) is a Belgian biopharmaceutical company dedicated to transforming Women’s Health by offering new choices through innovation  with a particular focus on contraception and menopause. Mithra’s goal is to develop products offering better efficacy  safety and convenience  meeting women’s needs throughout their life span. Mithra explores the potential of the unique native estrogen estetrol in a wide range of applications in women health and beyond. After having successfully launched the first estetrol-based product in 2021  the contraceptive pill ESTELLE®  Mithra is now focusing on its second product DONESTA®  the next-generation hormone therapy. Mithra also offers partners a complete spectrum of solutions from early drug development  clinical batches and commercial manufacturing of complex polymeric products (vaginal ring  implants) and complex liquid injectables and biologicals (vials  pre-filled syringes or cartridges) at its technological platform Mithra CDMO. Active in more than 100 countries around the world  is headquartered in Liège  Belgium. www.mithra.comESTELLE® and DONESTA® are registered trademarks of Mithra Pharmaceuticals or one of its affiliates.Important informationThe contents of this announcement include statements that are  or may be deemed to be  ""forward-looking statements"". These forward-looking statements can be identified by the use of forward-looking terminology  including the words ""believes""  ""estimates "" ""anticipates""  ""expects""  ""intends""  ""may""  ""will""  ""plans""  ""continue""  ""ongoing""  ""potential""  ""predict""  ""project""  ""target""  ""seek"" or ""should""  and include statements the Company makes concerning the intended results of its strategy. By their nature  forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties and readers are cautioned that any such forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance. The Company's actual results may differ materially from those predicted by the forward-looking statements. The Company undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise forward-looking statements  except as may be required by law.Subscribe to our mailing list on investors.mithra.com to receive ourpress releases by email or follow us on our social media :Linkedin • X • Facebook1 Convening Notice of Mithra’s 30 October SGM/EGM2 The form must be signed in writing or electronically  with a qualified electronic signature within the meaning of Regulation (EU) No 910/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 23 July 2014 on electronic identification and trust services for electronic transactions in the internal market and repealing Directive 1999/93/EC  as amendedAttachment",neutral,0.14,0.85,0.01,neutral,0.05,0.93,0.02,True,English,"[""extraordinary securities holders' meeting"", 'Mithra', 'invitation', 'Frédérique Depraetere Communications Director', 'unique native estrogen estetrol', 'extraordinary securities holders’ meeting', 'book entry form', 'extraordinary general meetings', 'Investor Relations investorrelations', 'next-generation hormone therapy', 'early drug development', 'complex liquid injectables', 'first estetrol-based product', 'normal office hours', 'signed2 proxy form', 'complex polymeric products', 'Mithra Pharmaceuticals SA', 'certified account holder', 'Belgian biopharmaceutical company', 'Belgian press', 'proxy holder', 'second product', 'registered office', 'Admission requirements', 'Record Date', 'share register', 'settlement institution', 'rue Saint-Georges', '4000 Liège', 'legal provisions', 'voting forms', 'confirmation procedure', 'same date', 'business days', 'Alex Sokolowski', 'new choices', 'particular focus', 'life span', 'wide range', 'contraceptive pill', 'complete spectrum', 'clinical batches', 'commercial manufacturing', 'vaginal ring', 'technological platform', ""meetings' invitation"", 'Further information', 'Euronext Brussels', 'relevant shareholder', 'Mithra CDMO', 'prior registration', 'Available documents', 'Corporate Secretary', 'Liege', 'Belgium', '06 November', 'CET', 'MITRA', 'Women', 'Health', 'Thursday', '2:00 PM', 'notice', 'EGM', 'description', 'formalities', 'website', 'investors', 'right', 'shares', 'name', '17 November', 'midnight', 'way', 'number', 'persons', 'shareholders', 'willingness', 'email', 'attention', 'questions', 'directors', 'writing', 'agenda', 'accordance', 'modalities', 'Proxies', 'fax', 'headquarters', 'exercise', 'request', 'special', 'law', 'text', 'articles', 'association', 'approval', 'amendments', 'display', 'copies', 'charge', 'PhD', 'innovation', 'contraception', 'menopause', 'goal', 'efficacy', 'safety', 'convenience', 'needs', 'potential', 'applications', 'ESTELLE', 'DONESTA®', 'partners', 'solutions', 'implants', 'biologicals', 'vials', 'syringes', 'cartridges', '100 countries', 'world', '32']",2023-11-06,2023-11-07,marketscreener.com
32321,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/NANOBIOTIX-11719039/news/NANOBIOTIX-Announces-the-Availability-of-a-Prospectus-in-Connection-with-Capital-Increases-Raising-T-45245415/,NANOBIOTIX Announces the Availability of a Prospectus in Connection with Capital Increases Raising Total Gross Proceeds of Approximately $50M and the Exercise by the Underwriters of the Over-Allotment Option for an Additional Amount of Approximately $3.6M,(marketscreener.com) PARIS and CAMBRIDGE  Mass.  Nov. 06  2023 -- NANOBIOTIX   a late-clinical stage biotechnology company pioneering physics-based approaches to expand treatment possibilities for patients with cancer  announces the availability of the listin…,PARIS and CAMBRIDGE  Mass.  Nov. 06  2023 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- NANOBIOTIX (Euronext: NANO – NASDAQ: NBTX – “Nanobiotix” or the “Company”)  a late-clinical stage biotechnology company pioneering physics-based approaches to expand treatment possibilities for patients with cancer  announces the availability of the listing prospectus approved by the French Financial Markets Authority (Autorité des Marchés Financiers – the “ AMF ”) under number 23-461  on November 3  2023  in the context of two share capital increases of an aggregate gross amount of approximately $50 million. million as well as the partial exercise of the over-allotment option granted to the underwriters by the Company for an additional amount of approximately $3.6M.The first share capital increase has been subscribed by qualified investors for an aggregate gross amount of approximately $30 million. This capital increase has been increased by an additional amount of approximately $3.6 million following the partial exercise of the over-allotment option. The second share capital increase has been subscribed by Johnson & Johnson Innovation - JJDC  Inc. (“JJDC”) for an aggregate gross amount of approximately $20.2 million.In accordance with the share purchase agreement entered into with the Company  JJDC undertook to subscribe for $25.0 million. To meet the applicable French foreign investment control rules  this amount was reduced such that JJDC will initially subscribe for this $20.2 million  resulting in an additional subscription to a share capital increase for an additional amount of approximately $4.8 million  following and subject to the approval of the French Ministry of Economy and Finance. This subscription would thus bring the funds raised by Nanobiotix to gross proceeds $55 million  prior to the exercise of the green shoe.The main characteristics of these two share capital increases are described in greater detail in the summary of the prospectus reproduced below.In accordance with article 6 of EU Delegated Regulation 2016/1052 of March 8  2016  Jefferies LLC  in its capacity as stabilizing agent on its own behalf and on behalf of the other underwriters  reports that no stabilization operation has been implemented. The stabilization period was terminated today.The listing prospectus approved by the AMF under number 23-461 comprises:the 2022 universal registration document filed by the Company with the AMF on April 24  2023 under number D.23-0332;the first amendment to the 2022 universal registration document filed by the Company with the AMF on November 1  2023 under number D.23-0332-A01;the second amendment to the 2022 universal registration document filed by the Company with the AMF on November 3  2023 under number D.23-0332-A02;a securities note; andthe summary of the prospectus (included in the securities note).These documents can be consulted on the Company’s website (www.nanobiotix.com) as well as on the AMF website (www.amf-france.org).About NANOBIOTIXNanobiotix is a late-stage clinical biotechnology company pioneering disruptive  physics-based therapeutic approaches to revolutionize treatment outcomes for millions of patients; supported by people committed to making a difference for humanity. The Company’s philosophy is rooted in the concept of pushing past the boundaries of what is known to expand possibilities for human life.Incorporated in 2003  Nanobiotix is headquartered in Paris  France and is listed on Euronext since 2012 and on the Nasdaq Global Select Market in New York City since December 2020. The Company has subsidiaries in  among other  Cambridge  Massachusetts (United States).Nanobiotix is the owner of more than 20 umbrella patents associated with three (3) nanotechnology platforms with applications in 1) oncology; 2) bioavailability and biodistribution; and 3) disorders of the central nervous system. The Company’s resources are primarily devoted to the development of its lead product candidate–NBTXR3—which is the product of its proprietary oncology platform and has been granted with a CE marking in Europe for the treatment of patients with soft tissue sarcoma under the brand name Hensify®.ContactsNanobiotixCommunications DepartmentBrandon OwensVP  Communications+1 (617) 852-4835contact@nanobiotix.comInvestor Relations DepartmentCraig WestSVP  Investor Relations+1 (617) 583-0211investors@nanobiotix.comMedia RelationsFrance – Ulysse CommunicationPierre-Louis Germain+ 33 (0)6 64 79 97 51plgermain@ulysse-communication.comGlobal – LifeSci AdvisorsLigia Vela-Reid+44 (0) 7413825310Lvela-reid@lifesciadvisors.comSpecial Note Regarding Forward-Looking StatementsThis press release contains “forward-looking” statements within the meaning of the “safe harbor” provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995  including  but not limited to  statements regarding the expected closing of the Global Offering and the Concurrent Private Placement  the use of proceed therefrom  and the period of time through which the Company’s anticipates its financial resources will be adequate to support operations. Words such as “expects ” “intends ” “can ” “could ”  “may ” “might ” “plan ” “potential ” “should ” and “will ” or the negative of these and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements  which are based on our management’s current expectations and assumptions and on information currently available to management. These forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks  uncertainties and other factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those implied by the forward-looking statements  including such as market conditions  risks related to the satisfaction of closing conditions in the underwriting agreement related to the Global Offering  and risks related to Nanobiotix’s business and financial performance  which include the risk that assumptions underlying the Company’s cash runway projections are not realized. Further information on the risk factors that may affect company business and financial performance is included in Nanobiotix’s Annual Report on Form 20-F filed with the SEC on April 24  2023 under “Item 3.D. Risk Factors”  in Nanobiotix’s half-year report  which was filed with the SEC on Form 6-K and with the AMF on September 26  2023  and subsequent filings Nanobiotix makes with the SEC from time to time which are available on the SEC’s website at www.sec.gov. The forward-looking statements included in this press release speak only as of the date of this press release  and except as required by law  Nanobiotix assumes no obligation to update these forward-looking statements publicly.DisclaimersThis press release does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any securities of the Company  nor shall there be any sale of such securities  in any state or jurisdiction in which such offer  solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such state or jurisdiction.The distribution of this press release may be subject to legal or regulatory restrictions in certain jurisdictions. Any person who comes into possession of this press release must inform him or herself of and comply with any such restrictions.This document does not constitute an offer to the public in France and the securities referred to in this document can only be offered or sold in France pursuant to article L. 411-2 of the French Monetary and Financial Code to qualified investors (investisseurs qualifiés) acting for their own account as defined in the Prospectus Regulation.This announcement is an advertisement and not a prospectus within the meaning of the Prospectus Regulation.In France  the Global Offering and the Concurrent Private Placement described above will take place solely in the context of two capital increases to the benefit of categories of institutional investors  in accordance with Article L. 225-138 of the French Commercial Code (Code de commerce) and applicable regulations. The European Offering is reserved  in Europe (including in France)  to “qualified investors”  as that term is defined in Article 2(e) of the Prospectus Regulation.In relation to each member state of the European Economic Area other than France (each  a “Relevant Member State”)  an offer of the securities referred to herein is not being made and will not be made to the public in that Relevant Member State  other than (i) to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation  (ii) to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons per Relevant Member State  or (iii) in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation; provided that no such offer of the securities referred to herein shall require the Company to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation. For the purposes of the above  the expression an “offer to the public” in any Relevant Member State shall have the meaning ascribed to it in article 2(d) of the Prospectus Regulation.This communication is being distributed only to  and is directed only at (a) persons outside the United Kingdom  (b) persons who have professional experience in matters relating to investments falling within Article 19(5) of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Financial Promotion) Order 2005 (the “Order”)  and (c) high net worth entities  and other persons to whom it may otherwise lawfully be communicated  falling within Article 49(2)(a) to (d) (« high net worth companies  unincorporated associations  etc. ») of the Order (all such persons together being referred to as “relevant persons”). Any investment or investment activity to which this communication relates is available only to relevant persons and will be engaged in only with relevant persons. Any person who is not a relevant person should not act or rely on this communication or any of its contents.This press release has been prepared in both French and English. In the event of any discrepancies between the two versions of the press release  the French language version shall prevail.SUMMARYSection 1 – IntroductionName and international securities identification number (ISIN) of the securitiesShares: Nanobiotix Code ISIN: FR0011341205Identity and contact details of the issuer  including its legal entity identifier (LEI)Legal name: Nanobiotix (the “Company”  or the “Issuer”  and  with its subsidiaries  the “Group”).Place and registration number: R.C.S. Paris 447 521 600 Legal Entity Identifier (LEI): 969500667RSYIH8YL895Identity and contact details of the competent authority approving the Prospectus: Autorité des marchés financiers (the “AMF”) – 17  place de la Bourse  75002 Paris  France.Date of the approbation of the Prospectus by the AMF: November 3  2023Warning to the reader: The summary should be read as an introduction to the prospectus (the “Prospectus”). Any decision to invest in the securities for which admission to trading on a regulated market is requested should be based on a consideration of the Prospectus as a whole by the investor. The investor could lose all or part of the invested capital in the event of a decline in the company's share price. When a claim relating to the information contained in the Prospectus is brought before a court  the plaintiff investor might  under national law of a member state of the European Union or a member state of the European Economic Area (the “EEA”)  have to bear the costs of translating the Prospectus before the legal proceedings are initiated. Civil liability attaches only to those persons who have tabled the summary including any translation thereof  but only where the summary is misleading  inaccurate or inconsistent  when read together with the other parts of the Prospectus  or where it does not provide  when read together with the other parts of the Prospectus  key information in order to aid investors when considering whether to invest in such securities. The information contained in this Prospectus makes it possible to maintain  and restore  if necessary  in all material respects and where necessary  equal access for the various shareholders and investors to information relating to the Company.Section 2 – Key Information on the Issuer2.1 Who is the issuer of the securities?Name and address of the issuer: Nanobiotix  a limited liability company with an executive board and a supervisory board (société anonyme à directoire et conseil de surveillance)  having its registered office at 60  rue de Wattignies  75012 Paris  France – LEI: 969500667RSYIH8YL895 – Applicable law: French law – Country of origin: France.Principal activities: Nanobiotix is a late-stage clinical biotechnology company pioneering disruptive  physics-based therapeutic approaches to revolutionize treatment outcomes for millions of patients; supported by people committed to making a difference for humanity. The Company’s philosophy is rooted in the concept of pushing past the boundaries of what is known to expand possibilities for human life. Incorporated in 2003  Nanobiotix is headquartered in Paris  France and is listed on Euronext Paris since 2012 and on the Nasdaq Global Select Market in New York City since December 2020. The Company has subsidiaries in  among other  Cambridge  Massachusetts (United States). Nanobiotix is the owner of more than 20 umbrella patents associated with three (3) nanotechnology platforms with applications in 1) oncology; 2) bioavailability and biodistribution; and 3) disorders of the central nervous system. The Company’s resources are primarily devoted to the development of its lead product candidate–NBTXR3—which is the product of its proprietary oncology platform and has been granted with a CE marking in Europe for the treatment of patients with soft tissue sarcoma under the brand name Hensify®. Its lead product candidate  NBTXR3  is an aqueous suspension of functionalized crystalline hafnium oxide nanoparticles designed for injection directly into a malignant tumor and is activated by radiotherapy. When exposed to ionizing radiation  NBTXR3 amplifies the localized  intratumor killing effect of that radiation and may also prime adaptive immune response and create long-term anti-cancer memory. NBTXR3 is designed to enhance the overall efficacy of radiotherapy without resulting in additional side effects on the surrounding healthy tissues. Given the physical mechanism of action  Nanobiotix believes that NBTXR3 could be scalable across any solid tumor that can be treated with radiotherapy and across any therapeutic combination  particularly immune checkpoint inhibitors.Head and neck cancers (Study 102 / NANORAY 312): The Company is currently prioritizing the development of NBTXR3 in the United States and the EU for the treatment of patients with locally advanced head and neck cancers ineligible for chemotherapy. Approximately 50% of patients with locally advanced head and neck cancer who are unable to receive chemotherapy succumb to their cancer within 12 months from the start of radiotherapy (Moye et al.  Oncologist. 2015;20(2):159-165). In October 2023  the Company presented final clinical results from Study 102 where data showed a median Overall Survival of 23.1 months and a median Progression Free Survival of 16.9 months in the evaluable population (n=44) as well as a high rate of injected lesion overall response (81.8%) and high rate of injected lesion complete response (63.6%). The Company is conducting NANORAY-312  a global randomized Phase III clinical trial for elderly head and neck cancer patients ineligible for platinum-based (cisplatin) chemotherapy and expects NANORAY-312 to record the appropriate number events for the interim readout in 1H2025  and to deliver the interim efficacy analysis mid-2025.Immuno-oncology (Study 1100): The Company is also pursuing a robust development program to study the use of radiotherapy-activated NBTXR3 in combination with immune checkpoint inhibitors across several solid tumor indications. The Company’s preclinical and early clinical results suggest that NBTXR3 activated by radiotherapy may prime the immune response  thereby rendering otherwise “cold” tumors more prone to recognition by the patient’s immune system (making them ‘‘hot tumors’’) and therefore potentially more responsive to I-O treatments such as checkpoint inhibitors. At SITC 2022  the Company presented updated clinical results from Study 1100 where a high rate of objective reduction rate of target lesion(s) (injected and non-injected) was observed in the evaluable patient population (n=21) while objective reduction in target lesion/s resulted in long term control in both naïve and resistant lesions - regardless of site of injection (8 patients with > 6 months disease control and 5 patients with > 12 months disease control). This preliminary data suggests a correlation between the local and systemic response in both anti-PD-1-naïve and post-anti-PD-1 failure patients irrespective to the tumor origin in patients receiving NBTXR3 in combination with radiation therapy and anti-PD-1.Expansion: Unlike traditional chemotherapies or biologics  NBTXR3 has a broadly applicable mechanism of action that has the potential to be used in the treatment of all solid tumor types in conjunction with radiotherapy. As a result of nearly two decades of experience developing our technology and our broad collaboration with MD Anderson  we have a robust development pipeline. The chart below highlights our ongoing and planned clinical trials portfolio  including those that are under our collaboration with MD Anderson.An image accompanying this announcement is available at https://www.globenewswire.com/NewsRoom/AttachmentNg/c60fba7e-4342-4bc8-89fd-7f6a3e34387dNBTXR3-RT + anti-PD-1: ongoing discussions at Nanobiotix relating to this potential study in recurrent and/or metastatic head and neck cancers under consultation prior to continuing discussions with the FDA with the perspective of establishing a protocol for a pivotal study.License agreement with Janssen: On July 7  2023  Nanobiotix entered into a license agreement with for the global licensing  co-development and commercialization of NBTXR3 with Janssen Pharmaceutica NV (“Janssen”)  one of the Janssen Pharmaceutical Companies of Johnson & Johnson. The license is exclusive  excepting territories previously licensed to Nanobiotix partner LianBio. Under the terms of the license agreement  Nanobiotix is eligible for in-kind regulatory and development support for study NANORAY-312 valued at up to $30 million that Janssen may provide at its sole discretion and success-based payments of up to $1.8 billion  in the aggregate  relating to potential development  regulatory  and sales milestones. $30 million have been received through an upfront payment. Moreover  the agreement includes a framework for additional success-based potential development and regulatory milestone payments of up to $650 million  in the aggregate  for five new indications that may be developed by Janssen at its sole discretion; and of up to $220 million  in the aggregate  per indication that may be developed by Nanobiotix in alignment with Janssen. Following commercialization  Nanobiotix will also receive tiered double-digit royalties on net sales of NBTXR3 (low 10s to low 20s). Separately  Nanobiotix is eligible to receive up to $30 million in equity investments from Johnson & Johnson Innovation – JJDC  Inc. (“JJDC”) including  as part of capital increases without preferential subscription rights: (1) an initial tranche equal to $5 million which has already been received  the shares issued in this context are subject to a lock-up period of six months  expiring on March 11  2024; and (2) a second tranche of $25 million subject in particular to the realization of an additional financing of at least $25 million  the shares to be issued in this context will be subject to a lock-up period  expiring on March 11  2024. JJDC has undertaken to subscribe an amount of $20.2 million in the context of the Offering and the balance  i.e. $4.8 million  subject to the approval of the French Ministry of Economy and Finance (Minefi)  in accordance with applicable French foreign investment control rules.As at June 30  2023  Nanobiotix employed 101 employees.Shareholding structure of the Company as of the date of this Prospectus: As of the date of this Prospectus and before the settlement and delivery of the Offering  the share capital is equal to €1 085 700.57  divided into 36 190 019 ordinary shares  all of the same class  each with a par value of €0.03. The shares of the Company are fully subscribed and paid up. To the Company’s knowledge  ownership of the Company’s share capital and voting rights  on a non-diluted basis is as follows. The impact of the issue on a diluted basis is presented in section 4.1 of this summary. To the Company's knowledge  there are no shareholders' agreements or actions in concert.Situation before the Offering Situation after the Offering (excluding the exercise of the over-allotment option) ShareholdersNumber of shares % of share capital % of theoretical voting rights(1) Number of shares % of share capital % of theoretical voting rights(1) Non-diluted Non-diluted Fully diluted(2) Non-diluted Fully diluted(2) Non-diluted Non-diluted Fully diluted(2) Non-diluted Fully diluted(2) Invus Public Equities Advisors  LLC (A) 3 069 034 8.48 % 6.72 % 8.10 % 6.48 % 4 375 004 9.60% 7.95% 9.26% 7.71% Baillie Gifford & Co (B) 1 888 426 5.22 % 4.14 % 4.98 % 3.99 % 2 665 153 5.85% 4.84% 5.64% 4.70% JJDC (C) 959 637 2.65 % 2.10 % 2.53 % 2.03 % 4 722 560 10.37% 8.58% 9.99% 8.32% Qatar Holding LLC (D) 1 500 000 4.14 % 3.18 % 3.81 % 3.07 % 3 830 180 8.41% 6.96% 8.10% 6.75% Other Investors in the Offering (E) - - - - - 1 186 253 2.60% 2.16% 2.51% 2.09% Total (A) + (B) + (C) + (D) + (E) 7 417 097 20.49 % 16.25 % 19.57 % 15.66 % 16 779 150 36.84% 30.50% 35.50% 29.58% Laurent Levy 1 139 060 3.15% 6.55 % 5.14% 8.02 % 1 139 060 2.50% 5.43% 4.12% 6.70% Bart Van Rhijn - - 0.96 % - 0.92 % - - 0.79% - 0.77% Anne-Juliette Hermant 140 000 0.39% 0.94 % 0.37% 0.91 % 140 000 0.31% 0.78% 0.30% 0.76% Other managers and employees 166 273 0.46% 4.05 % 0.69% 4.11 % 166 273 0.37% 3.36% 0.55% 3.43% Total Management and employees 1 445 333 3.99% 12.50 % 6.20% 13.95 % 1 445 333 3.17% 10.37% 4.97% 11.65% Free float(3) 28 805 471 79.60% 74.49 % 78.19% 73.55 % 27 305 471 59.94% 59.09% 59.53% 58.77% Treasury shares 22 118 0.06% 0.05% - - 22 118 0.05% 0.04% 0.00% 0.00% Total 36 190 019 100% 100% 100 00% 100 00% 45 552 072 100% 100% 100% 100%(1) Double voting rights are granted to all fully paid-up ordinary shares of the Company registered in the name of the same shareholder for at least two years. Please however note that the ADSs do not carry double voting rights.(2) it being specified that the 9 262 520 founders’ warrants  share subscription warrants (including 5 200 000 warrants issued for the PACEO entered into with Kepler Cheuvreux in May 2022)  stock options and free shares granted by the Company and outstanding as of September 30  2023 represent a maximum dilution of 20.38% of the share capital and 19.77% of the voting rights of the Company (on a non-diluted basis).(3) Including institutional and qualified investors holding  prior to the Offering  25.31% of the Company's share capital and 24.16% of its voting rights (20.06% and 19.34% respectively on a fully diluted basis)  and  after the completion of the Offering (excluding the exercise of the Over-Allotment Option)  20.11% of the Company's share capital and 19.38% of its voting rights (16.65% and 16.15% respectively on a fully diluted basis).Key officers: Laurent Levy  president of the executive board of the Company (the “Executive Board”)  Bart Van Rhijn and Anne-Juliette Hermant  members of the Executive Board. Gary Phillips and Anne-Marie Graffin are  respectively  Chair and Vice-Chair of the supervisory board of the Company (the “Supervisory Board”).Statutory auditors: Grant Thornton (member of the Regional Association of Auditors of Versailles and of the Centre (compagnie régionale de Versailles et du Centre))  29  rue du Pont CS 20070 92200 Neuilly sur Seine. Ernst & Young et Autres (member of the Regional Association of Auditors of Versailles and of the Centre (compagnie régionale de Versailles et du Centre))  Tour First  TSA 14444 92037 Paris La Défense cedex.2.2 What is the key financial information regarding the issuer?Key financial information as of December 31  2020  2021 and 2022 and as of June 30  2022 and 2023: The tables below present key financial information of the Company derived from its consolidated financial statements prepared in accordance with IFRS as of December 31 2020  2021 and 2022 prepared in accordance with IFRS as adopted by the European Union and from its half-year consolidated financial statements as of June 30  2022 and 2023 prepared in accordance with IFRS as adopted by the European Union.Statement of consolidated financial positionAs of December 31  As of June 30  In thousand euros 2020 2021 2022 2022 2023 Non-current asset 8 782 8 709 7 412 7 765 6 778 Current asset 125 248 93 060 52 358 72 859 33 628 including : Tax receivables 2 898 3 548 5 146 4 511 6 925 Cash and cash equivalents 119 151 83 921 41 388 63 021 21 629 Total assets 134 030 101 769 59 769 80 624 40 407 Shareholders’ equity 70 468 26 790 (27 045) 1 792 (53 783) Non-current liabilities 44 522 38 134 48 878 36 252 44 336 Including :Non-Current Financial Liabilities 44 107 37 816 48 608 36 002 44 029 Current liabilities 19 041 36 845 37 936 42 580 49 854 Including :Current Financial Liabilities4 8728 2044 5609 1049 972 Total shareholders’ equity and liabilities 134 030 101 769 59 769 80 624 40 407 Total Net Indebtedness -70 172 -37 901 11 781 -17 915 32 372 Statement of consolidated income:12 months endedDecember Six months endedJune 30 In thousand euros 2020 2021 2022 2022 2023 Revenues 50 10 0 0 0 Other income 2 462 2 637 4 776 1 329 3 293 Research and development expenses (24 330) (30 378) (32 636) (16 608) (17 805) Selling  general and administrative expenses (14 611) (19 434) (17 857) (9 635) (10 864) Other operating income and expenses 0 (5 414) (985) (963) 6 Operating income (loss) (36 428) (52 579) (46 702) (25 877) (25 370) Financial income (loss) 2 847 5 580 (10 329) (474) (2 725) Net loss for the period (33 590) (47 003) (57 041) (26 357) (28 099) Weighted average number of outstanding ordinary shares used for calculating basic and diluted loss per share 24 385 827 34 733 418 34 851 868 34 891 876 35 037 052 Net loss per Share -1.38 -1.35 -1.64 -0.76 -0.80 Statement of consolidated cash flows12 months endedDecember Six months endedJune 30 In thousand euros 2020 2021 2022 2022 2023 Cash flows used in operating activities (27 538) (29 872) (37 104) (17 518) (17 275) Cash flows from (used in) investing activities (112) (242) 138 53 (327) Cash flows from financing activities 111 706 (5 116) (5 568) (3 435) (2 156)Since June 30  2023  the Company’s consolidated financial position  equity and liabilities have been impacted by the following significant events: (i) the completion of a capital increase amounting approx. USD 5 million reserved to the benefit of JJDC  and (ii) the collection of the upfront payment amounting approx. to USD 30 million in connection with the signature of the license agreement with Janssen Pharmaceutica NV. As of September 30  2023  cash and cash equivalents of the Company amount to € 38.7 million. As at the same date  its gross indebtedness is approximately € 54.5 million (including € 10.1 million of current liabilities)  including € 39.7 million related to the loan granted by the European Investment Bank (the “EIB”) including € 25.3 million principal  € 7.2 million State Guaranteed Loan  € 5.0 million Leasing debt  and € 2.6 million advances from Bpifrance.Selected key pro forma financial information: not applicable.Qualifications on the historical financial information: not applicable.2.3 What are the key risks that are specific to the issuer?The twelve main risks related to the Company and its business sector are listed below. These risks must be taken into consideration by investors before making any investment decision:Risk Likelihood Impact Risks related to the Group's business The Group has a history of losses and require additional funding to support ongoing operational needs without which it may be required to significantly curtail  delay or discontinue one or more of its research and development programs of its product candidate. High High The Group will need to raise additional funding  which may not be available on acceptable terms  or at all (in particular in case the Minefi refuses to approve the balance of the JJDC investment – see section 2.1 above). Failure to obtain this necessary capital when needed may force the Group to delay  limit or terminate our product development efforts or other operations. Subject to the occurrence of one of these risks associated with the Company’s additional funding needs  the Company believes that the completion of the Offering would extend its financial visibility beyond a twelve months period following the date of approval of the Prospectus  specifically into the first quarter 2025  and  assuming the receipt of the first milestone from Janssen  into the second quarter 2025. Medium High Risks related to the discovery  development and commercialization of the Group’s product candidates The Group’s product candidate development programs are in various phases of development and may be unsuccessful. At each stage of development  there is typically an extremely high rate of attrition from the failure of product candidates advancing to subsequent stages of development. High High The Group may encounter substantial delays in its clinical trials  including clinical studies of NBTXR3  or may fail to demonstrate safety and efficacy to the satisfaction of applicable regulatory authorities. It will take several years to complete the clinical development necessary to obtain adequate data to file for a marketing authorization or to commercialize a product candidate  and failure can occur at any stage. High High If the Group’s product candidates do not achieve projected development milestones and commercialization in the announced or expected timeframes  further development or commercialization of the Group’s product candidates may be delayed  and its business may be harmed. High High Risks related to the Group’s reliance on third parties The Group faces heightened risks of dependence towards Janssen in connection with the development and commercialization of NBTXR3  due to the importance of its collaboration with Janssen and  more specifically  the associated milestone payments  which are expected to contribute a significant portion of the Group's short- and medium-term revenues. High High The Group is party to strategic development and commercialization relationships  which may not advance or be successful and may delay or harm further development or commercialization of its product candidates. Furthermore  the Group may  in the future  enter into additional strategic relationships. High High Risks related to operational compliance and risk management The Group will need to develop and expand  and may encounter difficulties in managing this development and expansion  which could disrupt its operations. The Group’s financial performance and ability to commercialize its product candidates will depend  in part  on its ability to manage its future development and expansion. High High Risks related to regulatory approvals for the Group’s product candidates The regulatory landscape that governs the Group’s product candidates is uncertain as it is subject to both drug & device regulations  depending on the country involved  and changes in regulatory requirements could result in delays or discontinuation of development of the Group’s product candidates or unexpected costs in obtaining regulatory approval and/or CE-marking. High High The regulatory approval processes of the FDA and comparable foreign authorities are lengthy  time consuming and inherently unpredictable  and if the Group is ultimately unable to obtain regulatory approval for its product candidates  its business will be substantially harmed. High High Risks related to human capital The Group depends on key management personnel and attracting and retaining other qualified personnel  and the Group’s business could be harmed if it loses key management personnel or cannot attract and retain other qualified personnel. High High Risks Relating to Our Status as a Foreign Private Issuer or a French Company French corporate law contain provisions that may delay  discourage or prevent investments in the Company. Foreign Investments in the Company such as the balance of the JJDC investment may be subject to prior governmental authorization under the French foreign investment control regime. High HighSection 3 – Key information on the securities3.1 What are the main features of the securities?The shares for which admission on the regulated market of Euronext in Paris (“Euronext Paris”) is requested are issued pursuant to two share capital increases without shareholders' preferential subscription rights to the benefit of categories of persons  in accordance with article L. 225-138 of the French commercial code  meeting the criteria set by the combined shareholders’ meeting of the Company held on June 27  2023 (the “Shareholders’ Meeting”)  (i) in its 24th resolution  for a total nominal amount of €167 973.90 through the issuance of 5 599 130 new shares (the “New Shares”) and in the event the Over-Allotment Option is exercised  pursuant to the 26th resolution of the Shareholders’ Meeting held on June 27  2023  up to 839 869 additional new shares (the “Additional New Shares”) in connection with the ADS Offering and the European Offering (ii) in its 25th resolution  for a total nominal amount of €112 887.69 through the issuance of 3 762 923 new shares (the “Strategic New Shares”  together with the New Shares and the Additional New Shares  the “Offered Shares”) in connection with the Strategic Offering (all capitalized terms not defined in this paragraph are defined below). The Strategic New Shares are issued pursuant to the existing securities purchase agreement entered into by the Company with JJDC on July 7  2023 (see Section 2.1 above).Class and number of securities to be admitted to trading on Euronext Paris5 599 130 New Shares (€0.03 par value) excluding the exercise of the Over-Allotment Option  including 3 106 907 subscribed in the form of American Depositary Shares or “ADSs”. 3 762 923 Strategic New Shares (€0.03 par value)  all subscribed in the form of ADSs. 839 869 Additional New Shares (€0.03 par value)  in the event the Over-Allotment Option is exercised  all or part to be subscribed in the form of ADS.As of the date of the Prospectus  the offering of the New Shares and the Strategic New Shares to investors has been completed  but the listing of the New Shares and the Strategic New Shares may only take place following their issuance  upon completing of the settlement-delivery transactions of the New Shares and the Strategic New Shares  expected to occur on November 7 and on November 9  2023  respectively. In the event the Over-Allotment Option is exercised  the Additional New Shares will be admitted to trading on Euronext Paris no later than December 4  2023.Currencies: the ADS Offering and the Strategic Offering are carried out in U.S. dollars and the European Offering is carried out in euros (the European Offering  the ADS Offering and the Strategic Offering being defined below). The Offered Shares will be denominated in euros. Denomination for the shares: Nanobiotix – Mnemonic code: NANO – ISIN: FR0011341205Rights attached to the securities: The Offered Shares will be  when issued  governed by the provisions of the Company’s bylaws. In accordance with current provisions of French law and of the Company’s bylaws  the principal rights attached to the Offered Shares are the following: (i) dividend rights; (ii) voting rights (including a double voting rights for fully paid up shares held in the name of the same shareholder for at least two years); (iii) preferential subscription rights for securities of the same class; (iv) right to a share of any liquidation surplus; and (v) shareholders' information rights.Relative ranking of securities in the issuer's capital structure in the event of insolvency : The Offered Shares issued in connection with the Offering (as such term is defined below) will be assimilated to the existing shares of the Company and will rank pari passu.Restrictions on the free transferability of the securities: No provision of the bylaws restricts the transferability of the ordinary shares comprising the Company’s share capital.Dividend policy: The Company has not distributed any dividends during the last three financial years. There are no plans to initiate a short-term dividend payment policy given the Company's stage of development.Main characteristics of the Offered Shares: The Price of the Offered Shares (as defined below) is €5.07 per share (€0.03 par value and €5.04 issue premium). Subscriptions and payments in respect of the issuance of the Offered Shares will be received and deposited with Crédit Industriel et Commercial (CIC)  which will deliver (i) a deposit certificate (certificat du dépositaire) dated as of the settlement and delivery of the New Shares expected to occur on November 7  2023 in connection with the ADS Offering and the European Offering  (ii) a deposit certificate (certificat du dépositaire) dated as of the settlement and delivery of the Strategic New Shares expected to occur on November 9  2023 in relation to the Strategic Offering  and (iii) in the event the Over-Allotment Option is exercised in connection with the ADS Offering and the European Offering  a deposit certificate (certificat du dépositaire) dated as of the settlement and delivery of the Additional New Shares expected to occur no later than on December 4  2023. The Offered Shares will be eligible to receive any dividend issued by the Company as from the date they are issued  to all distributions decided by the Company as from that date and will be registered on the same trading line as the existing shares.3.2 Where will the securities be traded?An application will be made for the Offered Shares to be listed and admitted to trading on Euronext Paris. Another application will be made for part of the Offered Shares to be listed and admitted to trading on the Nasdaq Global Select Market in the United States of America (“Nasdaq”) in the form of ADSs. The admission of the New Shares and the Strategic New Shares on Euronext Paris is expected to occur on November 7 and November 9  2023  respectively  on the same trading line as the existing shares of the Company and  in the event the Over-Allotment Option is exercised  the admission of the Additional New Shares is expected to occur no later than December 4  2023 on the same listing line as the existing shares of the Company (ISIN code FR0011341205  mnemonic code: NANO). Application will be made for the Offered Shares to be admitted to the clearing procedures of Euroclear France  which will be responsible for the clearing of shares between accountholders.3.3 Is there a guarantee attached to the securities?The issuance of the New Shares and  as the case may be  the Additional New Shares in relation to the ADS Offering and the European Offering is subject to an English language underwriting agreement (the “Underwriting Agreement”) entered into on November 2  2023 between the Company and Jefferies LLC  Leerink Partners and Guggenheim Securities  acting as global coordinators and joint bookrunners (together the “Banks”). The issuance of the Strategic New Shares is subject to an English language subscription form executed on November 2  2023 by JJDC. This underwriting does not constitute a performance guarantee (garantie de bonne fin) within the meaning of Article L. 225-145 of the French commercial code.3.4 What are the main risks that are specific to the securities?Investors are invited to consider the main risks related to the Offered Securities listed below:shareholders that have not participated in the Offering may see their participation in the Company's share capital diluted due to the issuance of the New Shares as well as in the event of a new call to the market;the volatility and liquidity of the Company's shares may experience significant fluctuation (mainly downwards) but also differ on the American market and the French market; andsales of the Company's shares  in particular by its significant shareholders  could occur on the market and have an adverse impact on the Company's share price.Section 4 – Key information on the admission to trading on a regulated market4.1 Under which conditions and timetable can I invest in these securities?Terms and conditions of the offering: In connection with the ADS Offering and the European Offering  the New Shares are issued pursuant to a share capital increase without shareholders' preferential subscription rights to the benefit of categories of persons  in accordance with article L. 225-138 of the French commercial code  meeting the criteria set by the Shareholders’ Meeting held on June 27  2023  in its 24th resolution. These categories of persons include: (i) all individuals or legal entities (including companies)  trusts and investment funds  or other investment vehicles  whatever their form (including  without limitation  any investment fund or venture capital company  notably any FPCI  FCPI or FIP)  under French or foreign law  whether or not they are shareholders in the Company  and investing on a regular basis or which have invested (including  where applicable  in the form of loans or convertible or non-convertible debt securities) at least one million euros over the past 36 months in the healthcare or biotechnology sector  and/or (ii) any credit institution  investment services provider or member of a placing syndicate  whether French or foreign  that undertakes to guarantee the completion of the capital increase or any issue that may lead to a capital increase in the future that may be carried out pursuant to this authorization and placed with the persons referred to in (i) above and  in this context  to subscribe for the securities issued.In connection with the Strategic Offering  the Strategic New Shares are issued pursuant to a share capital increase without shareholders' preferential subscription rights to the benefit of categories of persons  in accordance with article L. 225-138 of the French commercial code  meeting the criteria set by the Shareholders’ Meeting held on June 27  2023  in its 25th resolution. This category of persons includes any French or foreign industrial company  institution or entity in any form whatsoever operating in the healthcare or biotechnology sector  either directly or through a controlled company or a company by which they are controlled within the meaning of Article L. 233-3 I of the French Commercial Code  where applicable when entering into a commercial agreement  financing contract or partnership with the Company.The issuance (the “Offering”) was made through: (i) an offering of 3 106 907 ordinary shares in the form of ADSs to qualified investors in the United States of America (the “ADS Offering”) that will be admitted to trading on the Nasdaq; (ii) an offering of 2 492 223 ordinary shares to qualified investors in Europe (including France) and other countries (excluding the United States of America and Canada) (the “European Offering”); and (iii) an offering of 3 762 923 ordinary shares in the form of ADSs to a strategic investor meeting the criteria set forth by the Shareholders’ Meeting held on June 27  2023 in the United States of America (the “Strategic Offering”) that will be admitted to trading on the Nasdaq  it being specified that the number of shares issued in connection with the ADS Offering and the European Offering may be increased by a maximum of 15% of the number of New Shares if the Over-Allotment Option (as defined below) is exercised in full. All of such investors meet the criteria of the categories respectively described above.In the territory of the United States of America  the ADS Offering constituted a Registered Offering within the meaning of U.S. rules and regulation (including the U.S. Securities Act of 1933  as amended) subject to an English-language prospectus filed with the U.S. Securities Exchange Commission. In the territory of the EEA and the United Kingdom  the European Offering constituted an offering exclusively reserved to “qualified investors”  as that term is defined in Article 2(e) of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council of June 14  2017  as amended (the “Prospectus Regulation”). With respect to the Member States of the EEA and the United Kingdom  no action has been or will be taken to enable a public offering of the securities covered by the Prospectus that would require the publication of a prospectus in any of the Member States. Each of the investors in Europe had the option to subscribe for ADSs and/or ordinary shares in connection with the ADS Offering and the European Offering  under the terms and conditions set forth below. The Strategic Offering constituted a private placement in the territory of the United States of America pursuant to the exemption from the registration requirements of the U.S. Securities Act of 1933  as amended  pursuant to Section 4(a)(2) thereof.As of the date of the Prospectus  3 106 907 New Shares have been subscribed for in the form of ADSs and the Strategic New Shares have been subscribed for in the form of ADSs. The Offering is carried out pursuant to the 24th  25th and 26th resolutions of the Shareholders’ Meeting held on June 27  2023. On November 2  2023  the Executive Board  using the delegation granted by the Shareholder’s Meeting and pursuant to the Supervisory Board’s authorization  set the final terms and conditions of the Offering  including in particular the Price of the Offered Shares.Pursuant to the 26th resolution of the Shareholders’ Meeting held on June 27  2023 and in connection with the ADS Offering and the European Offering  the Company has granted Jefferies LLC  the stabilization agent  on behalf of and for the account of the Banks (the “Stabilization Agent”)  an over-allotment option for a maximum of 15% of the number of New Shares issued in connection with the ADS Offering and the European Offering  i.e. a maximum of 839 869 Additional New Shares at the Price of the Offered Shares (the “Over-Allotment Option”)  in the form of ADSs  so as to cover any over-allotments and facilitate stabilization operations. The Over-Allotment Option may be exercised by the Stabilization Agent  in the name and on behalf of the Banks  only once  at any time  in whole or in part  at the latest on December 2  2023 inclusive (according to the expected timetable). In the event of the Over-Allotment Option is exercised  the information relating to such exercise and the number of Additional New Shares to be issued will be made known to the public by means of a press release issued by the Company.Subscription price: The subscription price of the Offered Shares (whether issued in relation to the ADS Offering  the European Offering or the Strategic Offering) is €5.07 per share (€0.03 par value and €5.04 issue premium) (the “Price of the Offered Shares”). In accordance with the terms and conditions for determining the subscription price of the shares set forth respectively in the 24th resolution and in the 25th resolution of the Shareholders’ Meeting held on June 27  2023  this price  set by the Executive Board on November 2  2023  using the delegation granted by the Shareholders’ Meeting and pursuant to the Supervisory Board’s authorization  shall at least be equal to the weighted average price of the Company’s shares on Euronext Paris over the last three trading days preceding such setting (meaning the October 30 and 31 and November 1st  2023 trading days)  i.e. €5.9561  less a 15% maximum discount. The price of the Offered Shares is at a discount of 15% compared to the weighted average price of the Company’s shares on Euronext Paris over the last three trading days preceding its setting.Gross proceeds of the issuance: The gross proceeds of the issuance of the New Shares and the Strategic New Shares (premium included) amounted to €28.4 million and €19.1 million  respectively. Accordingly  the gross proceeds of the Offering amounted to €47.5 million  it being specified that this amount may be increased  in the event of the full exercise of the Over-Allotment Option in connection with the ADS Offering and the European Offering  to a total of €51.7 million.Estimates of the total expenses related to the issuance: On an indicative basis  the total expenses related to the issuance of the New Shares amounted to approximately €2.2 million (compensation of the financial intermediaries and legal and administrative fees)  which may be increased to approximately €2.5 million  in the event of the full exercise of the Over-Allotment Option in connection with the ADS Offering and the European Offering. The Company did not recognize any expenses related to the issuance of the Strategic New Shares.Expected timetable:November 1st  2023 (after market closing of Euronext Paris and Nasdaq) Supervisory Board and Executive Board authorizing the launch of the OfferingFiling of a Preliminary Prospectus Supplement to the Registration Statement on the Form F-3 with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission in connection with the ADS OfferingFiling of the first amendment to the 2022 Universal Registration Document with the AMFPress release announcing the launch of the book-building process as well as the trading halt of the Company’s shares on Euronext ParisLaunch of the Offering November 2  2023 (after market opening of Euronext Paris but prior to market opening of the Nasdaq) Closing of the OfferingExecutive Board setting the final terms and conditions of the OfferingExecution of the Underwriting AgreementStart of the possible stabilization periodPress release announcing the price of the Offered Shares and the results of the OfferingResumption of trading of the Company’s shares on Euronext Paris November 3  2023 Filing of the Final Prospectus Supplement to the Registration Statement on the Form F-3 with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission in connection with the ADS OfferingFiling of the second amendment to the 2022 Universal Registration Document with the AMFApproval of the Prospectus by the AMFPublication of the Euronext Paris listing notice for the New Shares and the Strategic New Shares November 7  2023 Settlement and delivery of the New Shares and underlying ADSsAdmission of the New Shares to trading on Euronext Paris and of the underlying ADSs on the Nasdaq November 9  2023 Settlement and delivery of the Strategic New Shares and underlying ADSsAdmission of the Strategic New Shares to trading on Euronext Paris and of the underlying ADSs on the Nasdaq December 2  2023 Deadline for the exercise of the Over-Allotment OptionEnd of the possible stabilization periodThe Company will issue a press release to be published on its website and a notice will be issued by Euronext Paris in the event of any change to the timetable and terms of the Offered Shares’ settlement and delivery described above.Details of admission to trading on a regulated market: the New Shares and the Strategic New Shares will be admitted to trading on Euronext Paris  subject to settlement and delivery  on November 7 and 9  2023  respectively. The Additional New Shares would be listed on Euronext Paris  subject to settlement and delivery  no later than on December 4  2023  depending on the date of exercise of the Over-Allotment Option.Expenses billed to the investor by the issuer: not applicable.Dilution resulting from the issuance of the New Shares  the Strategic New Shares and  as the case may be  of the Additional New SharesAmount and percentage of dilution resulting immediately from the Offering: On an indicative basis  the impact of the issuance on the ownership interest of a shareholder holding 1.00% of the Company’s share capital prior to the issuance and not subscribing to it (calculation based on the number of the Company’s shares as of the date of this Prospectus  exclusive of treasury shares) is as follows.Shareholders’ ownership (in %) On a non-diluted basis On a diluted basis(1) Prior to the issuance of the New Shares 1.00% 0.79% After the issuance of 5 599 130 New Shares 0.87% 0.71% After the issuance of 5 599 130 New Shares and of 3 762 923 Strategic New Shares 0.79% 0.66% After the issuance of 5 599 130 New Shares  of 3 762 923 Strategic New Shares and 839 869 Additional New Shares 0.78% 0.65%(1) The calculations are based on the assumption of the exercise of all the share warrants (BSA)  founders share warrants (BSPCE) and stock options as well as the definitive acquisition of all free shares (AGA).Impact of the issuance on the share of shareholder’s equity: On an indicative basis  the impact of the issuance on the share of the Company’s consolidated shareholder’s equity per share a (calculation based on the shareholders' equity as of June 30  2023 and the number of the Company’s shares as of the date of this Prospectus  exclusive of treasury shares) is as follows.Shareholders' equity per share (in euros) On a non-diluted basis On a diluted basis(1) Prior to the issuance of the New Shares €-0.93 €0.46 After the issuance of 5 599 130 New Shares €-0.13 €0.96 After the issuance of 5 599 130 New Shares and of 3 762 923 Strategic New Shares €0.30 €1.24 After the issuance of 5 599 130 New Shares  of 3 762 923 Strategic New Shares and 839 869 Additional New Shares €0.39 €1.30(1) The calculations are based on the assumption of the exercise of all the share warrants (BSA)  founders share warrants (BSPCE) and stock options as well as the definitive acquisition of all free shares (AGA).4.2. Who is the offeror and/or the person requesting admission to trading?Not applicable.4.3 Why is this Prospectus being produced?Purpose of the issuance and use of proceeds: The net proceeds of the Offering amount to approximately €45.3 million  after deduction of bank fees directly attributable to the completion of the Offering. These net proceeds will be allocated as follows:approximately 32% of the net proceeds to Nanoray 312  a global randomized Phase III clinical trial  and approximately 16% of the net proceeds to the related increase of production capacity and supply of NBTXR3 required for this study  particularly in the frame of the license agreement with Janssen;approximately 26% of the net proceeds to other research & development  regulatory and medical related activities  of which half would be allocated to medical affairs and preclinical projects; andthe remainder of the net proceeds  i.e.  approximately 26% of the net proceeds to other operating expenses funding and other general corporate purposes (of which a maximum of €1.5 million to be paid to the EIB and almost €0.5 million of legal and administrative fixed costs related to the Offering set-up).Working capital statement: As of September 30  2023  cash and cash equivalents of the Company amount to € 38.7 million. In the Company’s opinion  its net working capital available is not sufficient to meet its obligations for the twelve months following the date of the approval of this Prospectus prior to the aggregated anticipated proceeds from the Offering. Its current net working capital is sufficient to meet its obligations until April 2024  following the successful removal of the EIB cash covenant and would be extended until July 2024 with the receipt from Janssen of the amount in consideration of the achievement of the first milestone which the Company might reasonably consider likely to occur. Without the proceeds from the completion of the Offering  and without the receipt of the first milestone from Janssen  the Company would require an additional EUR 27 million to ensure a twelve-month cash runway.Following the effective completion of the Offering  in the Company’s opinion  its net proceeds amounting €45.3 million will be sufficient to meet its working capital requirements at least for the twelve months following the date of approval of the Prospectus. In order to address its future financing requirements beyond the above-mentioned cash runway  the Company could pursue various financing options which include dilutive and non-dilutive sources such as (i) entering new business development partnerships  collaborative or strategic alliances in relation to its programs other than NBTXR3  (ii) monetizing all or part of the royalties the Company is entitled to receive under the license agreement entered into with Janssen; or (iii) raising funds through public or private offerings of capital or debt securities. In addition  the Company plans to pursue the implementation of cash preservation activities to reduce or defer discretionary spending. There are no assurances that these efforts to meet the Company’s operating cash flow requirements will be successful. If the Company’s plans to meet such requirements are not sufficient to fund necessary expenditures and meet its obligations as they come due  the liquidity of the Company  its financial condition  and its business prospects will be materially affected or even would affect the Company’s ability to continue as a going concern.Underwriting: not applicable.Main material conflicts of interest related to the Offering: The Company is not aware of any conflict of interests related to the Offering. The Banks or some of their affiliates have provided and/or may provide in the future various banking  financial  investment and other services to the Company  its shareholders or its officers  for which they have received or may receive compensation.Certain entities affiliated with Qatar Holding LLC  Invus Public Equities Advisors  LLC and Baillie Gifford & Co  existing shareholders of the Company not represented at its supervisory board  have agreed to purchase Ordinary Shares (including in the form of ADSs) for an amount of respectively €11.8  €6.6 and €3.9 million (i.e. respectively 41.62%  23.32 % and 13.87 % and  taken altogether  78.81% of the total number of Ordinary Shares (including in the form of ADSs) to be sold in the ADS Offering and the European Offering).Company lock-up period: From the date of execution of the Underwriting Agreement (i.e. November 2  2023) and for 90 calendar days following the date of the English-language Final Prospectus Supplement to the Registration Statement on the Form F-3 filed with the U.S. Securities Exchange Commission  subject to certain customary exceptions and provided that the Company may freely effect the Offering and  from 30 days after the date of the above-mentioned final prospectus  implement an at-the-market sales program.Lock-up agreements entered into by the Supervisory Board and the Executive Board members: Laurent Levy  Bart Van Rhijn  Anne-Juliette Hermant  Gary Phillips  Anne-Marie Graffin  Enno Spillner and Alain Herrera have entered into lock-up agreements in connection with the Offering  pursuant to which they shall hold their shares for a period of 90 calendar days following the date of the English-language Final Prospectus Supplement to the Registration Statement on the Form F-3 filed with the U.S. Securities Exchange Commission  subject to certain customary exceptions and except for the purpose of financing the exercise price of stock options and/or satisfy any applicable taxes (including estimated taxes) due in connection with such exercise.Attachments,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.01,positive,0.76,0.23,0.02,True,English,"['Total Gross Proceeds', 'Capital Increases', 'Over-Allotment Option', 'Additional Amount', 'NANOBIOTIX', 'Availability', 'Prospectus', 'Connection', 'Exercise', 'Underwriters', 'applicable French foreign investment control rules', 'Autorité des Marchés Financiers', 'Private Securities Litigation Reform Act', 'French Financial Markets Authority', 'two share capital increases', 'disruptive, physics-based therapeutic approaches', 'late-clinical stage biotechnology company', 'late-stage clinical biotechnology company', 'Nasdaq Global Select Market', 'first share capital increase', 'second share capital increase', 'Concurrent Private Placement', 'share purchase agreement', 'EU Delegated Regulation', '2022 universal registration document', 'New York City', 'three (3) nanotechnology platforms', 'central nervous system', 'soft tissue sarcoma', 'safe harbor” provisions', 'aggregate gross amount', 'lead product candidate', 'proprietary oncology platform', 'Investor Relations Department', 'Nanobiotix Communications Department', 'physics-based approaches', 'French Ministry', 'first amendment', 'second amendment', 'securities note', 'Global Offering', 'Media Relations', 'additional amount', 'GLOBE NEWSWIRE', 'allotment option', 'qualified investors', 'green shoe', 'main characteristics', 'greater detail', 'Jefferies LLC', 'stabilization operation', 'human life', 'United States', '20 umbrella patents', 'CE marking', 'brand name', 'Brandon Owens', 'Craig West', 'Pierre-Louis Germain', 'LifeSci Advisors', 'Ligia Vela-Reid', 'Special Note', 'press release', 'expected closing', 'The Company', 'partial exercise', 'treatment outcomes', 'listing prospectus', 'Johnson Innovation', 'additional subscription', 'other underwriters', 'stabilization period', 'Forward-Looking Statements', 'treatment possibilities', 'Ulysse Communication', 'AMF website', 'PARIS', 'CAMBRIDGE', 'Mass.', 'Euronext', 'NBTX', 'patients', 'cancer', 'availability', 'number', 'November', 'context', 'JJDC', 'accordance', 'approval', 'Economy', 'Finance', 'funds', 'proceeds', 'summary', 'article', 'capacity', 'stabilizing', 'agent', 'behalf', 'April', 'documents', 'amf-france', 'org', 'millions', 'people', 'difference', 'humanity', 'philosophy', 'concept', 'boundaries', 'December', 'subsidiaries', 'Massachusetts', 'owner', 'applications', 'biodistribution', 'disorders', 'resources', 'development', 'Europe', 'Hensify®', 'Contacts', 'VP', 'plgermain', 'Lvela-reid', 'lifesciadvisors', 'meaning', 'time']",2023-11-06,2023-11-07,marketscreener.com
32322,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.etfdailynews.com/2023/11/06/insight-advisors-llc-pa-makes-new-430000-investment-in-invesco-sp-500-equal-weight-etf-nysearcarsp/,Insight Advisors LLC PA Makes New $430 000 Investment in Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF (NYSEARCA:RSP),Insight Advisors LLC PA purchased a new position in shares of Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF (NYSEARCA:RSP – Free Report) in the 2nd quarter  according to the company in its most recent Form 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The …,Insight Advisors LLC PA purchased a new position in shares of Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF (NYSEARCA:RSP – Free Report) in the 2nd quarter  according to the company in its most recent Form 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The firm purchased 2 871 shares of the company’s stock  valued at approximately $430 000.Several other hedge funds also recently bought and sold shares of the stock. Pinnacle Wealth Planning Services Inc. increased its position in Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF by 12.2% during the second quarter. Pinnacle Wealth Planning Services Inc. now owns 8 312 shares of the company’s stock worth $1 244 000 after buying an additional 903 shares in the last quarter. CoreFirst Bank & Trust purchased a new stake in shares of Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF in the second quarter valued at $180 000. Connable Office Inc. purchased a new stake in shares of Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF in the second quarter valued at $9 423 000. Fortune Financial Advisors LLC purchased a new stake in shares of Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF in the second quarter valued at $2 418 000. Finally  Coastline Trust Co grew its position in shares of Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF by 96.3% in the second quarter. Coastline Trust Co now owns 43 969 shares of the company’s stock valued at $6 580 000 after purchasing an additional 21 568 shares during the period.Get Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF alerts:Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF Stock Up 1.6 %Shares of NYSEARCA:RSP opened at $141.59 on Monday. The company has a market cap of $40.02 billion  a P/E ratio of 16.13 and a beta of 1.05. Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF has a 52 week low of $133.34 and a 52 week high of $155.77. The business has a fifty day simple moving average of $142.67 and a 200-day simple moving average of $145.54.Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF Company ProfileGuggenheim S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF  formerly Rydex S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF  seeks to replicate as closely as possible  the daily performance of the S&P 500 Equal Weight Index (the Index). The Index is a capitalization-weighted index covering 500 industrial  utility  transportation and financial companies of the United States markets (mostly NYSE Euronext issues).See AlsoWant to see what other hedge funds are holding RSP? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF (NYSEARCA:RSP – Free Report).Receive News & Ratings for Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,True,English,"['Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF', 'Insight Advisors LLC PA', 'New $430,000 Investment', 'NYSEARCA', 'RSP', 'Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF Company Profile', 'Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF alerts', 'Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF Stock', 'Guggenheim S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF', 'Rydex S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF', 'S&P 500 Equal Weight Index', 'Pinnacle Wealth Planning Services Inc.', 'fifty day simple moving average', '200-day simple moving average', 'Insight Advisors LLC PA', 'recent Form 13F filing', 'Fortune Financial Advisors LLC', 'Several other hedge funds', 'FREE daily email newsletter', 'Connable Office Inc.', 'United States markets', 'NYSE Euronext issues', 'latest 13F filings', 'concise daily summary', 'Coastline Trust Co', 'daily performance', 'financial companies', 'email address', 'Free Report', 'The Index', 'capitalization-weighted index', '2nd quarter', 'Exchange Commission', 'second quarter', 'last quarter', 'CoreFirst Bank', 'new stake', 'market cap', 'P/E ratio', 'insider trades', 'latest news', 'related companies', 'MarketBeat.com', 'NYSEARCA:RSP', ""analysts' ratings"", 'new position', 'additional 903 shares', 'additional 21,568 shares', '2,871 shares', '8,312 shares', '43,969 shares', 'Securities', 'firm', 'period', 'Monday', 'beta', '52 week', 'business', 'transportation', 'HoldingsChannel']",2023-11-06,2023-11-07,etfdailynews.com
32323,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/GALAPAGOS-NV-22497293/news/Landmark-Bio-Signs-Multi-Year-Agreement-to-Manufacture-Galapagos-Oncology-CAR-T-Cell-Therapy-Clinic-45248451/,Landmark Bio Signs Multi-Year Agreement to Manufacture Galapagos' Oncology CAR-T Cell Therapy Clinical Programs at the Point-of-Care,(marketscreener.com) Landmark Bio will serve as strategic point-of-care manufacturing partner for Galapagos' CAR-T product candidates in the Boston areaWATERTOWN  Mass.  Nov. 6  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- Landmark Bio  a collective endeavor bringing together lea…,"Landmark Bio will serve as strategic point-of-care manufacturing partner for Galapagos' CAR-T product candidates in the Boston areaWATERTOWN  Mass.  Nov. 6  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- Landmark Bio  a collective endeavor bringing together leaders in industry  academia  and research hospitals to accelerate development and industrialization of next-generation genomic medicines  announced that it has signed a multi-year strategic manufacturing agreement with Galapagos NV (Euronext & NASDAQ: GLPG)  an innovative biotech company with operations in Europe and the U.S.Under the terms of the agreement  Landmark Bio will perform GMP manufacturing of clinical trial batches of Galapagos' development programs of chimeric antigen receptor (CAR) T-cell therapies in hematology-oncology in the Boston metropolitan area.The manufacturing agreement aims at implementing Galapagos' novel decentralized CAR-T manufacturing model  designed to enable clinicians to administer CAR T-cells within a median of seven days of leukapheresis  thereby aiming to address important limitations of current CAR-T treatments.""We are excited to partner with Galapagos to support their CAR-T clinical development programs in the U.S. "" said Ran Zheng  CEO of Landmark Bio. ""This strategic manufacturing collaboration is a testament to our expertise in cell and gene therapy manufacturing and underscores our commitment to bring more life-saving therapies to patients faster.""Landmark Bio's 44 000 square-foot fully integrated development and manufacturing facility includes laboratory space for translational research and early development  process and analytical development  and technology innovation. The biomanufacturing area is comprised of nine cleanrooms for cell therapies  genome editing  viral vector  mRNA  and lipid nanoparticle production as well as fill and finish and in-house Quality Control (QC) testing. In addition  Landmark Bio provides wraparound services such as drug development and regulatory consulting  program management and other support services.Financial terms of the agreement were not disclosed.About Landmark BioLandmark Bio PBLLC  a statutory public benefit limited liability company  or PBLLC  is a collective endeavor launched by leaders from academia  the life sciences industry  and world-renowned research hospitals to accelerate the development and industrialization of novel therapeutics. Inspired by recent advancements in cell and gene therapy  Landmark Bio was established to remove barriers in drug development  create accessible capability  expertise  and solutions  and offer a collaboration platform to advance manufacturing technologies for the new generation of medicines to come. Founding partners include Harvard University  Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT)  Cytiva  FUJIFILM Diosynth Biotechnologies (FDB)  and Alexandria Real Estate Equities  Inc. Other collaborating institutions include Beth Israel Deaconess Medical Center  Boston Children's Hospital  Mass General Brigham  and the Dana- Farber Cancer Institute. For more information  visit http://landmarkbio.com.About GalapagosWe are a global biotechnology company with operations in Europe and the U.S. dedicated to developing transformational medicines for more years of life and quality of life. Focusing on high unmet medical needs  we synergize the most compelling science  technology  and collaborative approaches to create a deep pipeline of best-in-class small molecules  CAR-T therapies  and biologics in oncology and immunology. With capabilities from lab to patient  including a decentralized  point-of-care CAR-T manufacturing network  we are committed to challenging the status quo and delivering results for our patients  employees and shareholders. For additional information  please visit www.glpg.com or follow us on LinkedIn or X (formerly Twitter) .View original content to download multimedia:https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/landmark-bio-signs-multi-year-agreement-to-manufacture-galapagos-oncology-car-t-cell-therapy-clinical-programs-at-the-point-of-care-301977650.htmlSOURCE Landmark Bio",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.3,0.31,0.38,True,English,"[""Galapagos' Oncology CAR-T Cell Therapy Clinical Programs"", 'Landmark Bio', 'Multi-Year Agreement', 'Point', 'Care', 'statutory public benefit limited liability company', 'Beth Israel Deaconess Medical Center', ""Galapagos' novel decentralized CAR-T manufacturing model"", 'high unmet medical needs', 'Alexandria Real Estate Equities', 'Dana- Farber Cancer Institute', '44,000 square-foot fully integrated development', ""Galapagos' CAR-T product candidates"", 'CAR-T clinical development programs', 'multi-year strategic manufacturing agreement', 'innovative biotech company', 'global biotechnology company', 'current CAR-T treatments', 'CAR-T manufacturing network', 'clinical trial batches', 'chimeric antigen receptor', 'lipid nanoparticle production', 'FUJIFILM Diosynth Biotechnologies', 'Other collaborating institutions', 'other support services', ""Galapagos' development programs"", 'strategic manufacturing collaboration', 'next-generation genomic medicines', 'Mass General Brigham', 'compelling science, technology', 'gene therapy manufacturing', 'world-renowned research hospitals', 'CAR) T-cell therapies', 'Boston metropolitan area', 'SOURCE Landmark Bio', 'life sciences industry', 'Landmark Bio PBLLC', 'novel therapeutics', 'CAR-T therapies', 'Massachusetts Institute', 'manufacturing partner', 'GMP manufacturing', 'manufacturing facility', 'manufacturing technologies', 'Boston area', 'Galapagos NV', 'CAR T-cells', 'wraparound services', 'collaboration platform', 'translational research', 'early development', 'analytical development', 'biomanufacturing area', 'drug development', 'Boston Children', 'strategic point', 'life-saving therapies', 'collective endeavor', 'U.S.', 'seven days', 'important limitations', 'Ran Zheng', 'laboratory space', 'technology innovation', 'nine cleanrooms', 'genome editing', 'viral vector', 'regulatory consulting', 'program management', 'recent advancements', 'accessible capability', 'new generation', 'Founding partners', 'Harvard University', 'transformational medicines', 'collaborative approaches', 'deep pipeline', 'small molecules', 'status quo', 'original content', 'Quality Control', 'Financial terms', 'additional information', 'Mass.', 'care', 'WATERTOWN', 'PRNewswire', 'leaders', 'academia', 'industrialization', 'Euronext', 'NASDAQ', 'GLPG', 'operations', 'Europe', 'hematology-oncology', 'clinicians', 'median', 'leukapheresis', 'CEO', 'testament', 'expertise', 'commitment', 'patients', 'process', 'mRNA', 'fill', 'finish', 'house', 'QC', 'testing', 'barriers', 'solutions', 'Cytiva', 'FDB', 'landmarkbio', 'years', 'class', 'biologics', 'immunology', 'capabilities', 'results', 'employees', 'shareholders', 'LinkedIn', 'Twitter', 'multimedia', 'news-releases', 'landmark-bio-signs-multi-year-agreement', 'cell-therapy-clinical-programs']",2023-11-06,2023-11-07,marketscreener.com
32324,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.etfdailynews.com/2023/11/06/kellett-wealth-advisors-llc-sells-431-shares-of-invesco-sp-500-equal-weight-etf-nysearcarsp/,Kellett Wealth Advisors LLC Sells 431 Shares of Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF (NYSEARCA:RSP),Kellett Wealth Advisors LLC lowered its stake in shares of Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF (NYSEARCA:RSP – Free Report) by 0.7% in the second quarter  according to its most recent 13F filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission. The firm owned 59 574 sh…,Kellett Wealth Advisors LLC lowered its stake in shares of Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF (NYSEARCA:RSP – Free Report) by 0.7% in the second quarter  according to its most recent 13F filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission. The firm owned 59 574 shares of the company’s stock after selling 431 shares during the period. Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF comprises about 8.1% of Kellett Wealth Advisors LLC’s investment portfolio  making the stock its 2nd biggest holding. Kellett Wealth Advisors LLC’s holdings in Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF were worth $8 915 000 as of its most recent filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission.Several other institutional investors and hedge funds have also modified their holdings of RSP. Morgan Stanley raised its position in Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF by 11.1% during the fourth quarter. Morgan Stanley now owns 14 772 231 shares of the company’s stock valued at $2 086 578 000 after acquiring an additional 1 474 149 shares in the last quarter. Gateway Advisory LLC lifted its stake in shares of Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF by 9 007.8% in the 1st quarter. Gateway Advisory LLC now owns 13 837 665 shares of the company’s stock valued at $13 838 000 after purchasing an additional 13 685 733 shares during the last quarter. Bank of America Corp DE boosted its holdings in Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF by 2.6% in the first quarter. Bank of America Corp DE now owns 12 248 521 shares of the company’s stock worth $1 771 381 000 after purchasing an additional 309 721 shares in the last quarter. Moneta Group Investment Advisors LLC increased its position in Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF by 104 839.6% during the fourth quarter. Moneta Group Investment Advisors LLC now owns 7 956 524 shares of the company’s stock worth $1 123 859 000 after buying an additional 7 948 942 shares during the last quarter. Finally  Truist Financial Corp raised its holdings in Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF by 18.5% during the second quarter. Truist Financial Corp now owns 7 702 229 shares of the company’s stock valued at $1 152 562 000 after buying an additional 1 200 101 shares in the last quarter.Get Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF alerts:Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF Trading Down 0.5 %Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF stock traded down $0.64 during trading hours on Monday  reaching $140.95. 1 789 445 shares of the company were exchanged  compared to its average volume of 4 524 525. Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF has a 12 month low of $133.34 and a 12 month high of $155.77. The firm has a market cap of $39.84 billion  a price-to-earnings ratio of 16.13 and a beta of 1.05. The stock has a 50-day moving average of $142.67 and a 200 day moving average of $145.54.Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF ProfileGuggenheim S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF  formerly Rydex S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF  seeks to replicate as closely as possible  the daily performance of the S&P 500 Equal Weight Index (the Index). The Index is a capitalization-weighted index covering 500 industrial  utility  transportation and financial companies of the United States markets (mostly NYSE Euronext issues).Read MoreReceive News & Ratings for Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,True,English,"['Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF', 'Kellett Wealth Advisors LLC', '431 Shares', 'NYSEARCA', 'RSP', 'Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF alerts', 'Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF Profile', 'Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF Trading', 'Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF stock', 'Guggenheim S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF', 'Rydex S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF', 'S&P 500 Equal Weight Index', 'Moneta Group Investment Advisors LLC', 'Kellett Wealth Advisors LLC', 'Several other institutional investors', 'FREE daily email newsletter', 'Gateway Advisory LLC', '2nd biggest holding', 'America Corp DE', 'United States markets', 'NYSE Euronext issues', 'concise daily summary', 'Truist Financial Corp', '50-day moving average', '200 day moving average', 'recent 13F filing', 'trading hours', 'investment portfolio', 'Free Report', 'recent filing', 'daily performance', 'email address', 'average volume', 'financial companies', 'The Index', 'capitalization-weighted index', 'second quarter', 'Exchange Commission', 'hedge funds', 'Morgan Stanley', 'fourth quarter', 'last quarter', '1st quarter', 'first quarter', 'market cap', 'earnings ratio', 'related companies', 'MarketBeat.com', 'NYSEARCA:RSP', '12 month low', 'latest news', ""analysts' ratings"", 'additional 1,474,149 shares', 'additional 13,685,733 shares', 'additional 309,721 shares', 'additional 7,948,942 shares', 'additional 1,200,101 shares', '59,574 shares', '431 shares', '14,772,231 shares', '13,837,665 shares', '12,248,521 shares', '7,956,524 shares', '7,702,229 shares', '1,789,445 shares', 'stake', 'Securities', 'firm', 'company', 'period', 'holdings', 'position', 'Bank', 'Monday', 'beta', 'transportation', '0.']",2023-11-06,2023-11-07,etfdailynews.com
32325,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/11/06/2774244/0/en/STMicroelectronics-Announces-Status-of-Common-Share-Repurchase-Program.html,STMicroelectronics Announces Status of Common Share Repurchase Program,STMicroelectronics Announces Status ofCommon Share Repurchase Program  Disclosure of Transactions in Own Shares – Period from Oct 30  2023 to Nov 03  2023...,STMicroelectronics Announces Status ofCommon Share Repurchase ProgramDisclosure of Transactions in Own Shares – Period from Oct 30  2023 to Nov 03  2023AMSTERDAM – November 6  2023 -- STMicroelectronics N.V. (the “Company” or “STMicroelectronics”)  a global semiconductor leader serving customers across the spectrum of electronics applications  announces full details of its common share repurchase program (the “Program”) disclosed via a press release dated July 1  2021. The Program was approved by a shareholder resolution dated May 27  2021 and by the supervisory board.STMicroelectronics N.V. (registered with the trade register under number 33194537) (LEI: 213800Z8NOHIKRI42W10) announces the repurchase (by a broker acting for the Company) on the regulated market of Euronext Paris  in the period between Oct 30  2023 to Nov 03  2023 (the “Period”)  of 195 423 ordinary shares (equal to 0.02% of its issued share capital) at the weighted average purchase price per share of EUR 36.4957 and for an overall price of EUR 7 132 103.87.The purpose of these transactions under article 5(2) of Regulation (EU) 596/2014 (the Market Abuse Regulation) was to meet obligations arising from debt financial instruments that are exchangeable into equity instruments.The shares may be held in treasury prior to being used for such purpose and  to the extent that they are not ultimately needed for such purpose  they may be used for any other lawful purpose under article 5(2) of the Market Abuse Regulation.Below is a summary of the repurchase transactions made in the course of the Period in relation to the ordinary shares of STMicroelectronics (ISIN: NL0000226223)  in detailed form.Transactions in PeriodDates of transaction Number of shares purchased Weighted average purchase price per share (EUR) Total amount paid (EUR) Market on which the shares were bought (MIC code) 30-Oct-23 70 423 36.1841 2 548 192.87 XPAR 31-Oct-23 50 000 35.9232 1 796 160.00 XPAR 1-Nov-23 35 000 36.3794 1 273 279.00 XPAR 2-Nov-23 15 000 37.6053 564 079.50 XPAR 3-Nov-23 25 000 38.0157 950 392.50 XPAR Total for Period 195 423 36.4957 7 132 103.87Following the share buybacks detailed above  the Company holds in total 7 660 631 treasury shares  which represents approximately 0.8% of the Company’s issued share capital.In accordance with Article 5(1)(b) of the Market Abuse Regulation and Article 2(3) of Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2016/1052  a full breakdown of the individual trades in the Program are disclosed on the ST website (https://investors.st.com/stock-and-bond-information/share-buyback).About STMicroelectronicsAt ST  we are over 50 000 creators and makers of semiconductor technologies mastering the semiconductor supply chain with state-of-the-art manufacturing facilities. An integrated device manufacturer  we work with more than 200 000 customers and thousands of partners to design and build products  solutions  and ecosystems that address their challenges and opportunities  and the need to support a more sustainable world. Our technologies enable smarter mobility  more efficient power and energy management  and the wide-scale deployment of the Internet of Things and connectivity. We are committed to achieving our goal to become carbon neutral on scope 1 and 2 and partially scope 3 by 2027. Further information can be found at www.st.com.For further information  please contact:INVESTOR RELATIONS:Céline BerthierGroup VP  Investor RelationsTel: +41.22.929.58.12celine.berthier@st.comMEDIA RELATIONS:Alexis BretonCorporate External CommunicationsTel: +33.6.59.16.79.08alexis.breton@st.comAttachment,neutral,0.03,0.96,0.01,negative,0.02,0.41,0.57,True,English,"['Common Share Repurchase Program', 'STMicroelectronics', 'Status', 'Céline Berthier Group VP', 'Common Share Repurchase Program', 'art manufacturing facilities', 'integrated device manufacturer', 'Corporate External Communications', 'global semiconductor leader', 'average purchase price', 'semiconductor supply chain', 'Commission Delegated Regulation', 'debt financial instruments', 'Market Abuse Regulation', 'STMicroelectronics N.V.', 'other lawful purpose', 'overall price', 'equity instruments', 'regulated market', 'share capital', 'share buybacks', 'semiconductor technologies', 'electronics applications', 'full details', 'press release', 'shareholder resolution', 'supervisory board', 'trade register', 'Euronext Paris', 'repurchase transactions', 'detailed form', 'MIC code', 'full breakdown', 'individual trades', 'sustainable world', 'smarter mobility', 'efficient power', 'energy management', 'wide-scale deployment', 'INVESTOR RELATIONS', 'MEDIA RELATIONS', 'Total amount', 'ST website', 'investors.st', 'Own Shares', '195,423 ordinary shares', 'Further information', 'Period Dates', '7,660,631 treasury shares', 'Alexis Breton', 'XPAR Total', 'Status', 'Disclosure', 'Oct', 'Nov', 'AMSTERDAM', 'Company', 'customers', 'spectrum', 'May', 'number', 'LEI', '213800Z8NOHIKRI42W', 'broker', 'article', 'obligations', 'extent', 'summary', 'course', 'ISIN', 'accordance', 'bond', '50,000 creators', 'makers', 'state', 'thousands', 'partners', 'products', 'solutions', 'ecosystems', 'challenges', 'opportunities', 'need', 'Internet', 'Things', 'connectivity', 'goal', 'scope', 'celine', 'Attachment']",2023-11-06,2023-11-07,globenewswire.com
32326,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/VISIOMED-GROUP-SA-8235236/news/Visiomed-Group-Sa-Visiomed-Group-announces-a-record-month-for-Smart-Salem-confirming-the-comp-45251400/,Visiomed Group Sa : Visiomed Group announces a record month for Smart Salem  confirming the company’s strong growth momentum and validating its new strategy since 2022. -November 06  2023 at 12:05 pm,(marketscreener.com)  Over 12 600 tests performed in October 2023An average of 574 tests per dayVolume growth of +56% versus October 2022Paris  November 3rd  2023VISIOMED GROUP   a group dedicated to innovative healthcare technologies and services  pub…,"Over 12 600 tests performed in October 2023An average of 574 tests per dayVolume growth of +56% versus October 2022Paris  November 3rd  2023VISIOMED GROUP (FR0013481835 - ALVMG)  a group dedicated to innovative healthcare technologies and services  publishes a record month in terms of tests conducted at its Smart Salem subsidiary in October 2023.After a 34% volume growth in the 1st half of 2023[1] and a 60% growth in the 3rd quarter of 2023[2]  Smart Salem confirms its momentum by welcoming 12 617 people in October 2023 (+56% compared to October 2022).Smart Salem's business is benefiting from the new strategy implemented since 2022:The ramp-up of its two new centers opened in September 2022 and March 2023 The diversification of the Medical Fitness offering and the new Wellness Test offering The strengthening of Smart Salem's marketing and sales platform to sustain the growth trend and support the development of new offersThomas Picquette  CEO of Visiomed Group  comments: ""This is another record performance for Smart Salem  which obviously echoes the excellent figures already published and validates the strategy we have put in place. All our teams are doing a remarkable and indispensable job in establishing Visiomed Group as a key player in the United Arab Emirates and the Middle East.""Number of tests performed (by volume) October 2023 October 2022 ChangeOct-23 / Oct-22 Medical Fitness segment 12 245 8 062 +52% Wellness Test segment 372 n.a. n.a. Total number of tests performed 12 617 8 062 +56%About VISIOMED GROUPFounded in 2007  VISIOMED GROUP relies on a long experience in the health sector to invest in innovative health technologies and services in France and abroad.The Group now has focused its activities on the Middle East since 2021 and the acquisition of Smart Salem  the first digital medical analysis centre accredited by the Dubai Health Authority (DHA) in the United Arab Emirates  100% owned by Visiomed Group.Visiomed is also accelerating its development in the region with the creation of Smart Health  a joint venture that will lead the deployment of the Group's innovative centres in Saudi Arabia.Based in Paris  Visiomed Group is listed on Euronext Growth (ALVMG). For more information  visit www.visiomed-group.comCONTACTSJérôme FABREGUETTES LEIB Fatou-Kiné N'DIAYE Investor Relations Financial Press Relations visiomed@actus.fr fndiaye@actus.fr Phone: +33 1 53 67 36 78 Phone: +33 1 53 67 36 75© Visiomed Group SA 2023. The brands mentioned are the property of their respective authors. Reproduction prohibited  even partial  without prior authorization.[1] 56 580 tests in the first half of 2023 compared with 42 165 in the first half of 2022[2] 30 080 tests in Q3 2023 versus 18 797 in Q3 2022This publication embed ""🔒 Actusnews SECURITY MASTER "".- SECURITY MASTER Key: lG6clpeZl2zKx21xYZdtZpaUaZiTlmiVm5SexJdoZ5bGbZpkmmmVapWZZnFjnGlp- Check this key: https://www.security-master-key.com .Regulated information:Inside Information:- other releases Full and original press release in PDF: https://www.actusnews.com/news/82743-alvmg-cp-record_affluence_ssmc_veng.pdfReceive by email the next press releases of the company by registering on www.actusnews.com   it's free© 2023 ActusNews",neutral,0.11,0.87,0.02,mixed,0.51,0.3,0.18,True,English,"['strong growth momentum', 'Visiomed Group Sa', 'record month', 'Smart Salem', 'new strategy', 'company', 'November', '12:05', ""Jérôme FABREGUETTES LEIB Fatou-Kiné N'DIAYE Investor Relations Financial Press Relations"", 'first digital medical analysis centre', 'new Wellness Test offering', 'original press release', 'next press releases', 'Medical Fitness offering', 'Wellness Test segment', 'Medical Fitness segment', 'United Arab Emirates', 'two new centers', 'innovative healthcare technologies', 'Dubai Health Authority', 'innovative health technologies', 'Smart Salem subsidiary', 'SECURITY MASTER Key', 'Actusnews SECURITY MASTER', 'Visiomed Group SA', 'first half', 'new offers', 'innovative centres', 'Smart Health', 'health sector', 'other releases', 'new strategy', 'record month', '1st half', '3rd quarter', 'sales platform', 'Thomas Picquette', 'record performance', 'excellent figures', 'indispensable job', 'Middle East', 'long experience', 'joint venture', 'Saudi Arabia', 'respective authors', 'prior authorization', 'The Group', 'growth trend', 'Euronext Growth', 'key player', 'Regulated information', 'Inside Information', 'Total number', 'Volume growth', '60% growth', 'Over', '12,600 tests', 'October', 'average', '574 tests', 'day', 'Paris', 'November', 'ALVMG', 'services', 'terms', 'momentum', '12,617 people', 'business', 'ramp-up', 'September', 'March', 'diversification', 'strengthening', 'marketing', 'development', 'CEO', 'place', 'teams', 'remarkable', 'Change', 'Oct-22', 'France', 'activities', 'acquisition', 'DHA', 'region', 'creation', 'deployment', 'CONTACTS', 'fndiaye', 'Phone', 'brands', 'property', 'Reproduction', '56,580 tests', '30,080 tests', 'Q3', 'publication', 'lG6clpeZl2zKx21xYZdtZpaUaZiTlmiVm5SexJdoZ5bGbZpkmmmVapWZZnFjnGlp', 'Full', 'PDF', 'cp-record_affluence', 'email', 'company', '2023']",2023-11-06,2023-11-07,marketscreener.com
32327,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.etfdailynews.com/2023/11/06/jfs-wealth-advisors-llc-reduces-stake-in-invesco-sp-500-equal-weight-etf-nysearcarsp/,JFS Wealth Advisors LLC Reduces Stake in Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF (NYSEARCA:RSP),JFS Wealth Advisors LLC reduced its holdings in shares of Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF (NYSEARCA:RSP – Free Report) by 73.2% during the second quarter  according to its most recent 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The institutional …,JFS Wealth Advisors LLC reduced its holdings in shares of Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF (NYSEARCA:RSP – Free Report) by 73.2% during the second quarter  according to its most recent 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The institutional investor owned 321 shares of the company’s stock after selling 876 shares during the quarter. JFS Wealth Advisors LLC’s holdings in Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF were worth $48 000 at the end of the most recent quarter.A number of other institutional investors also recently modified their holdings of the business. Newbridge Financial Services Group Inc. grew its holdings in shares of Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF by 42.4% during the 2nd quarter. Newbridge Financial Services Group Inc. now owns 225 shares of the company’s stock valued at $34 000 after purchasing an additional 67 shares during the last quarter. CIBC Private Wealth Group LLC grew its holdings in shares of Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF by 0.8% during the 3rd quarter. CIBC Private Wealth Group LLC now owns 8 672 shares of the company’s stock valued at $1 104 000 after purchasing an additional 70 shares during the last quarter. Chemistry Wealth Management LLC grew its holdings in shares of Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF by 1.4% during the 2nd quarter. Chemistry Wealth Management LLC now owns 5 173 shares of the company’s stock valued at $774 000 after purchasing an additional 71 shares during the last quarter. Tsfg LLC grew its holdings in shares of Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF by 0.8% during the 2nd quarter. Tsfg LLC now owns 9 111 shares of the company’s stock valued at $1 363 000 after purchasing an additional 75 shares during the last quarter. Finally  First National Bank Sioux Falls grew its holdings in shares of Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF by 0.4% during the 2nd quarter. First National Bank Sioux Falls now owns 17 164 shares of the company’s stock valued at $2 568 000 after purchasing an additional 75 shares during the last quarter.Get Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF alerts:Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF Stock Up 1.6 %Shares of Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF stock opened at $141.59 on Monday. The firm has a market cap of $40.02 billion  a PE ratio of 16.13 and a beta of 1.05. Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF has a 12-month low of $133.34 and a 12-month high of $155.77. The company’s fifty day simple moving average is $142.67 and its two-hundred day simple moving average is $145.54.Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF Company ProfileGuggenheim S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF  formerly Rydex S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF  seeks to replicate as closely as possible  the daily performance of the S&P 500 Equal Weight Index (the Index). The Index is a capitalization-weighted index covering 500 industrial  utility  transportation and financial companies of the United States markets (mostly NYSE Euronext issues).Featured ArticlesWant to see what other hedge funds are holding RSP? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF (NYSEARCA:RSP – Free Report).Receive News & Ratings for Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.0,neutral,0.03,0.96,0.01,True,English,"['Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF', 'JFS Wealth Advisors LLC', 'Stake', 'NYSEARCA', 'RSP', 'Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF Company Profile', 'Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF alerts', 'Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF Stock', 'Guggenheim S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF', 'Rydex S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF', 'S&P 500 Equal Weight Index', 'First National Bank Sioux Falls', 'fifty day simple moving average', 'two-hundred day simple moving average', 'Newbridge Financial Services Group Inc.', 'CIBC Private Wealth Group LLC', 'JFS Wealth Advisors LLC', 'Chemistry Wealth Management LLC', 'FREE daily email newsletter', 'United States markets', 'NYSE Euronext issues', 'other hedge funds', 'concise daily summary', 'recent 13F filing', 'other institutional investors', 'latest 13F filings', 'financial companies', 'Tsfg LLC', 'daily performance', 'email address', 'Free Report', 'The Index', 'capitalization-weighted index', 'recent quarter', 'Exchange Commission', 'market cap', 'PE ratio', 'Featured Articles', 'insider trades', 'latest news', 'related companies', 'MarketBeat.com', 'second quarter', '2nd quarter', 'last quarter', '3rd quarter', 'NYSEARCA:RSP', '12-month low', ""analysts' ratings"", 'additional 67 shares', 'additional 70 shares', 'additional 71 shares', 'additional 75 shares', '321 shares', '876 shares', '225 shares', '8,672 shares', '5,173 shares', '9,111 shares', '17,164 shares', 'holdings', 'Securities', 'end', 'number', 'business', 'Monday', 'firm', 'beta', 'transportation', '0.']",2023-11-06,2023-11-07,etfdailynews.com
32328,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.etfdailynews.com/2023/11/06/peregrine-asset-advisers-inc-has-1-34-million-holdings-in-invesco-sp-500-equal-weight-etf-nysearcarsp/,Peregrine Asset Advisers Inc. Has $1.34 Million Holdings in Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF (NYSEARCA:RSP),Peregrine Asset Advisers Inc. lessened its position in shares of Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF (NYSEARCA:RSP – Free Report) by 2.9% in the second quarter  HoldingsChannel.com reports. The firm owned 8 974 shares of the company’s stock after selling 269 sha…,Peregrine Asset Advisers Inc. lessened its position in shares of Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF (NYSEARCA:RSP – Free Report) by 2.9% in the second quarter  HoldingsChannel.com reports. The firm owned 8 974 shares of the company’s stock after selling 269 shares during the quarter. Peregrine Asset Advisers Inc.’s holdings in Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF were worth $1 343 000 at the end of the most recent quarter.Other institutional investors and hedge funds have also added to or reduced their stakes in the company. Salem Investment Counselors Inc. acquired a new stake in Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF during the 2nd quarter valued at approximately $26 000. Bristlecone Advisors LLC acquired a new stake in shares of Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF during the 1st quarter worth approximately $28 000. Bangor Savings Bank acquired a new stake in shares of Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF during the 2nd quarter worth approximately $28 000. Bank Julius Baer & Co. Ltd Zurich acquired a new stake in shares of Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF during the 1st quarter worth approximately $29 000. Finally  BerganKDV Wealth Management LLC grew its position in shares of Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF by 1 940.0% during the 1st quarter. BerganKDV Wealth Management LLC now owns 204 shares of the company’s stock worth $30 000 after buying an additional 194 shares during the period.Get Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF alerts:Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF Stock Down 0.1 %Shares of RSP stock opened at $141.50 on Monday. The company has a market cap of $40.00 billion  a price-to-earnings ratio of 16.13 and a beta of 1.05. Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF has a 52 week low of $133.34 and a 52 week high of $155.77. The firm has a 50 day moving average of $142.67 and a 200-day moving average of $145.54.Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF ProfileGuggenheim S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF  formerly Rydex S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF  seeks to replicate as closely as possible  the daily performance of the S&P 500 Equal Weight Index (the Index). The Index is a capitalization-weighted index covering 500 industrial  utility  transportation and financial companies of the United States markets (mostly NYSE Euronext issues).Featured ArticlesWant to see what other hedge funds are holding RSP? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF (NYSEARCA:RSP – Free Report).Receive News & Ratings for Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.01,neutral,0.03,0.96,0.01,True,English,"['Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF', 'Peregrine Asset Advisers Inc.', 'Million Holdings', 'NYSEARCA:RSP', 'Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF alerts', 'Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF Profile', 'Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF Stock', 'Guggenheim S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF', 'Rydex S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF', 'S&P 500 Equal Weight Index', 'Peregrine Asset Advisers Inc.', 'Salem Investment Counselors Inc.', 'BerganKDV Wealth Management LLC', 'FREE daily email newsletter', 'Bristlecone Advisors LLC', 'Other institutional investors', 'Bangor Savings Bank', 'Bank Julius Baer', '50 day moving average', '200-day moving average', 'United States markets', 'NYSE Euronext issues', 'concise daily summary', 'latest 13F filings', 'other hedge funds', 'daily performance', 'email address', 'Free Report', 'RSP stock', 'The Index', 'capitalization-weighted index', 'new stake', 'Co. Ltd', 'market cap', 'earnings ratio', 'financial companies', 'Featured Articles', 'insider trades', 'latest news', 'related companies', 'MarketBeat.com', 'second quarter', 'recent quarter', '2nd quarter', '1st quarter', 'NYSEARCA:RSP', 'HoldingsChannel.com', ""analysts' ratings"", 'additional 194 shares', '8,974 shares', '269 shares', '204 shares', 'position', 'firm', 'company', 'end', 'stakes', 'Zurich', 'period', 'Monday', 'price', 'beta', '52 week', 'transportation']",2023-11-06,2023-11-07,etfdailynews.com
32329,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/11/06/2773706/0/en/BGHL-EUR-NAV-s.html,BGHL (EUR): NAV(s),BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED   Ordinary Shares  The Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding...,"BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary SharesThe Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for the Company.Close of business 03 Nov 2023.Estimated NAVEuro Shares Sterling Shares Estimated NAV € 26.7622 £ 23.8309 Estimated MTD return 0.81 % 0.82 % Estimated YTD return -3.63 % -2.44 % Estimated ITD return 167.62 % 138.31 %NAV and returns are calculated net of management and performance feesMarket informationEuro Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close € 24.40 N/A Premium/discount to estimated NAV -8.83 % N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close N/A GBX 2 055.00 Premium/discount to estimated NAV N/A -13.77 %Transactions in own securities purchased into treasuryOrdinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/A Range of Price N/A N/ALiquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/ABGHL CapitalBGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Shares Outstanding 12 296 208 126 294 Held in treasury N/A N/A Shares Issued 12 296 208 126 294Estimated BG Fund NAVClass B Euro Shares (estimated) € 237.7486 Class GBP A Shares (estimated) £ 127.4731The Class B Euro Shares of BG Fund are not subject to investment manager fees  as the Investment Manager receives management fees and performance fees in respect of its role as Investment Manager of BGHL.For further information please contact:Boussard & Gavaudan Investment Management  LLP.Emmanuel Gavaudan +44 (0) 20 3751 5389 Email : info@bgam-uk.comThe Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has received the necessary approval of the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and the States of Guernsey Policy Council. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.This is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Neither the Company nor BG Fund ICAV has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that:all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results;the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; andif you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.Attachment",neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,negative,0.01,0.27,0.72,True,English,"['BGHL', 'EUR', 'NAV', 'A Liquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares', 'The Class B Euro Shares', 'BGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares', 'A N/A Average Price', 'N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'treasury N/A N/A Shares', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'Euro Shares Amsterdam', 'Sterling Shares Shares', 'US Investment Company Act', 'A N/A Range', 'expert financial advice', 'GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED', 'Guernsey Policy Council', 'collective investment scheme', 'other professional advice', 'BG Fund ICAV', 'closed-ended investment company', 'UK Listing Authority', 'US Securities Act', 'Gavaudan Investment Management', 'investment manager fees', 'BG Fund NAV', 'The Shares', 'A Premium/discount', 'N/A GBX', 'Dutch Authority', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'US persons', 'Financial Markets', 'The Directors', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'The Company', 'investment performance', 'original investment', 'investment decision', 'performance fees', 'BGHL Capital', 'management fees', 'MTD return', 'YTD return', 'ITD return', 'financieel toezicht', 'Official List', 'applicable law', 'public offering', 'other jurisdiction', 'United States', 'following information', 'information purposes', 'necessary approval', 'main market', 'future results', 'listed securities', 'Market information', 'BOUSSARD', 'business', 'returns', 'AEX', 'LSE', 'Transactions', 'Number', 'respect', 'role', 'LLP.', 'Email', 'bgam', 'article', 'conjunction', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', 'mind', 'risk', 'past', 'guarantee', 'doubt', 'contents', 'communication', 'substitute', 'Attachment']",2023-11-06,2023-11-07,globenewswire.com
32330,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/11/06/2773708/0/en/BGHL-GBP-NAV-s.html,BGHL (GBP): NAV(s),BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED   Ordinary Shares  The Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding...,"BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary SharesThe Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for the Company.Close of business 03 Nov 2023.Estimated NAVEuro Shares Sterling Shares Estimated NAV € 26.7622 £ 23.8309 Estimated MTD return 0.81 % 0.82 % Estimated YTD return -3.63 % -2.44 % Estimated ITD return 167.62 % 138.31 %NAV and returns are calculated net of management and performance feesMarket informationEuro Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close € 24.40 N/A Premium/discount to estimated NAV -8.83 % N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close N/A GBX 2 055.00 Premium/discount to estimated NAV N/A -13.77 %Transactions in own securities purchased into treasuryOrdinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/A Range of Price N/A N/ALiquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/ABGHL CapitalBGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Shares Outstanding 12 296 208 126 294 Held in treasury N/A N/A Shares Issued 12 296 208 126 294Estimated BG Fund NAVClass B Euro Shares (estimated) € 237.7486 Class GBP A Shares (estimated) £ 127.4731The Class B Euro Shares of BG Fund are not subject to investment manager fees  as the Investment Manager receives management fees and performance fees in respect of its role as Investment Manager of BGHL.For further information please contact:Boussard & Gavaudan Investment Management  LLP.Emmanuel Gavaudan +44 (0) 20 3751 5389 Email : info@bgam-uk.comThe Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has received the necessary approval of the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and the States of Guernsey Policy Council. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.This is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Neither the Company nor BG Fund ICAV has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that:all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results;the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; andif you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.Attachment",neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,negative,0.01,0.27,0.72,True,English,"['BGHL', 'GBP', 'NAV', 'A Liquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares', 'The Class B Euro Shares', 'BGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares', 'A N/A Average Price', 'N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'treasury N/A N/A Shares', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'Euro Shares Amsterdam', 'Sterling Shares Shares', 'US Investment Company Act', 'A N/A Range', 'expert financial advice', 'GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED', 'Guernsey Policy Council', 'collective investment scheme', 'other professional advice', 'BG Fund ICAV', 'closed-ended investment company', 'UK Listing Authority', 'US Securities Act', 'Gavaudan Investment Management', 'investment manager fees', 'BG Fund NAV', 'The Shares', 'A Premium/discount', 'N/A GBX', 'Dutch Authority', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'US persons', 'Financial Markets', 'The Directors', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'The Company', 'investment performance', 'original investment', 'investment decision', 'performance fees', 'BGHL Capital', 'management fees', 'MTD return', 'YTD return', 'ITD return', 'financieel toezicht', 'Official List', 'applicable law', 'public offering', 'other jurisdiction', 'United States', 'following information', 'information purposes', 'necessary approval', 'main market', 'future results', 'listed securities', 'Market information', 'BOUSSARD', 'business', 'returns', 'AEX', 'LSE', 'Transactions', 'Number', 'respect', 'role', 'LLP.', 'Email', 'bgam', 'article', 'conjunction', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', 'mind', 'risk', 'past', 'guarantee', 'doubt', 'contents', 'communication', 'substitute', 'Attachment']",2023-11-06,2023-11-07,globenewswire.com
32331,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/BOUSSARD-GAVAUDAN-HOLDING-3840782/news/BGHL-GBP-NAV-s-45245220/,BGHL (GBP): NAV(s) -November 06  2023 at 01:31 am EST,(marketscreener.com)                                       BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary Shares The Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like...https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/BOUSSARD-GAVAUDAN-HOLDING-3840782/news/…,"BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary SharesThe Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for the Company.Close of business 03 Nov 2023.Estimated NAVEuro Shares Sterling Shares Estimated NAV € 26.7622 £ 23.8309 Estimated MTD return 0.81 % 0.82 % Estimated YTD return -3.63 % -2.44 % Estimated ITD return 167.62 % 138.31 %NAV and returns are calculated net of management and performance feesMarket informationEuro Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close € 24.40 N/A Premium/discount to estimated NAV -8.83 % N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close N/A GBX 2 055.00 Premium/discount to estimated NAV N/A -13.77 %Transactions in own securities purchased into treasuryOrdinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/A Range of Price N/A N/ALiquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/ABGHL CapitalBGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Shares Outstanding 12 296 208 126 294 Held in treasury N/A N/A Shares Issued 12 296 208 126 294Estimated BG Fund NAVClass B Euro Shares (estimated) € 237.7486 Class GBP A Shares (estimated) £ 127.4731The Class B Euro Shares of BG Fund are not subject to investment manager fees  as the Investment Manager receives management fees and performance fees in respect of its role as Investment Manager of BGHL.For further information please contact:Boussard & Gavaudan Investment Management  LLP.Emmanuel Gavaudan +44 (0) 20 3751 5389 Email : info@bgam-uk.comThe Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has received the necessary approval of the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and the States of Guernsey Policy Council. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.This is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Neither the Company nor BG Fund ICAV has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that:all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results;the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; andif you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.Attachment",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.01,negative,0.01,0.27,0.72,True,English,"['NAV(s', 'BGHL', 'GBP', 'November', '01', 'A Liquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares', 'The Class B Euro Shares', 'BGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares', 'A N/A Average Price', 'N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'treasury N/A N/A Shares', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'Euro Shares Amsterdam', 'Sterling Shares Shares', 'US Investment Company Act', 'A N/A Range', 'expert financial advice', 'GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED', 'Guernsey Policy Council', 'collective investment scheme', 'other professional advice', 'BG Fund ICAV', 'closed-ended investment company', 'UK Listing Authority', 'US Securities Act', 'Gavaudan Investment Management', 'investment manager fees', 'BG Fund NAV', 'The Shares', 'A Premium/discount', 'N/A GBX', 'Dutch Authority', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'US persons', 'Financial Markets', 'The Directors', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'The Company', 'investment performance', 'original investment', 'investment decision', 'performance fees', 'BGHL Capital', 'management fees', 'MTD return', 'YTD return', 'ITD return', 'financieel toezicht', 'Official List', 'applicable law', 'public offering', 'other jurisdiction', 'United States', 'following information', 'information purposes', 'necessary approval', 'main market', 'future results', 'listed securities', 'Market information', 'BOUSSARD', 'business', 'returns', 'AEX', 'LSE', 'Transactions', 'Number', 'respect', 'role', 'LLP.', 'Email', 'bgam', 'article', 'conjunction', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', 'mind', 'risk', 'past', 'guarantee', 'doubt', 'contents', 'communication', 'substitute', 'Attachment']",2023-11-06,2023-11-07,marketscreener.com
32332,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/BOUSSARD-GAVAUDAN-HOLDING-36044/news/BGHL-EUR-NAV-s-45245218/,BGHL (EUR): NAV(s) -November 06  2023 at 01:31 am EST,(marketscreener.com)                                       BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary Shares The Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like...https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/BOUSSARD-GAVAUDAN-HOLDING-36044/news/BG…,"BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary SharesThe Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for the Company.Close of business 03 Nov 2023.Estimated NAVEuro Shares Sterling Shares Estimated NAV € 26.7622 £ 23.8309 Estimated MTD return 0.81 % 0.82 % Estimated YTD return -3.63 % -2.44 % Estimated ITD return 167.62 % 138.31 %NAV and returns are calculated net of management and performance feesMarket informationEuro Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close € 24.40 N/A Premium/discount to estimated NAV -8.83 % N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close N/A GBX 2 055.00 Premium/discount to estimated NAV N/A -13.77 %Transactions in own securities purchased into treasuryOrdinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/A Range of Price N/A N/ALiquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/ABGHL CapitalBGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Shares Outstanding 12 296 208 126 294 Held in treasury N/A N/A Shares Issued 12 296 208 126 294Estimated BG Fund NAVClass B Euro Shares (estimated) € 237.7486 Class GBP A Shares (estimated) £ 127.4731The Class B Euro Shares of BG Fund are not subject to investment manager fees  as the Investment Manager receives management fees and performance fees in respect of its role as Investment Manager of BGHL.For further information please contact:Boussard & Gavaudan Investment Management  LLP.Emmanuel Gavaudan +44 (0) 20 3751 5389 Email : info@bgam-uk.comThe Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has received the necessary approval of the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and the States of Guernsey Policy Council. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.This is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Neither the Company nor BG Fund ICAV has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that:all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results;the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; andif you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.Attachment",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.01,negative,0.01,0.27,0.72,True,English,"['BGHL', 'EUR', 'NAV', 'November', '01', 'A Liquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares', 'The Class B Euro Shares', 'BGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares', 'A N/A Average Price', 'N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'treasury N/A N/A Shares', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'Euro Shares Amsterdam', 'Sterling Shares Shares', 'US Investment Company Act', 'A N/A Range', 'expert financial advice', 'GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED', 'Guernsey Policy Council', 'collective investment scheme', 'other professional advice', 'BG Fund ICAV', 'closed-ended investment company', 'UK Listing Authority', 'US Securities Act', 'Gavaudan Investment Management', 'investment manager fees', 'BG Fund NAV', 'The Shares', 'A Premium/discount', 'N/A GBX', 'Dutch Authority', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'US persons', 'Financial Markets', 'The Directors', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'The Company', 'investment performance', 'original investment', 'investment decision', 'performance fees', 'BGHL Capital', 'management fees', 'MTD return', 'YTD return', 'ITD return', 'financieel toezicht', 'Official List', 'applicable law', 'public offering', 'other jurisdiction', 'United States', 'following information', 'information purposes', 'necessary approval', 'main market', 'future results', 'listed securities', 'Market information', 'BOUSSARD', 'business', 'returns', 'AEX', 'LSE', 'Transactions', 'Number', 'respect', 'role', 'LLP.', 'Email', 'bgam', 'article', 'conjunction', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', 'mind', 'risk', 'past', 'guarantee', 'doubt', 'contents', 'communication', 'substitute', 'Attachment']",2023-11-06,2023-11-07,marketscreener.com
32333,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.etfdailynews.com/2023/11/06/xml-financial-llc-makes-new-investment-in-public-storage-nysepsa/,XML Financial LLC Makes New Investment in Public Storage (NYSE:PSA),XML Financial LLC acquired a new stake in Public Storage (NYSE:PSA – Free Report) during the second quarter  according to the company in its most recent filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The institutional investor acquired 4 044 shares of th…,XML Financial LLC acquired a new stake in Public Storage (NYSE:PSA – Free Report) during the second quarter  according to the company in its most recent filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The institutional investor acquired 4 044 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock  valued at approximately $1 180 000.Several other institutional investors have also recently added to or reduced their stakes in PSA. Tower Research Capital LLC TRC lifted its position in shares of Public Storage by 17.9% during the 1st quarter. Tower Research Capital LLC TRC now owns 5 396 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock worth $1 630 000 after buying an additional 819 shares during the last quarter. Rathbones Group PLC lifted its holdings in shares of Public Storage by 101.7% in the 2nd quarter. Rathbones Group PLC now owns 3 267 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock valued at $954 000 after purchasing an additional 1 647 shares during the last quarter. Lindbrook Capital LLC boosted its position in shares of Public Storage by 4.9% in the 1st quarter. Lindbrook Capital LLC now owns 882 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock valued at $267 000 after purchasing an additional 41 shares during the period. Northwest Bancshares Inc. grew its stake in Public Storage by 15.2% during the 2nd quarter. Northwest Bancshares Inc. now owns 17 285 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock worth $5 045 000 after buying an additional 2 275 shares during the last quarter. Finally  Savant Capital LLC increased its position in Public Storage by 9.7% during the second quarter. Savant Capital LLC now owns 1 162 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock worth $339 000 after buying an additional 103 shares during the period. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own 78.75% of the company’s stock.Get Public Storage alerts:Public Storage Price PerformanceShares of NYSE:PSA opened at $253.26 on Monday. The company has a quick ratio of 1.28  a current ratio of 0.98 and a debt-to-equity ratio of 1.54. The company has a 50-day moving average price of $263.91 and a 200 day moving average price of $279.23. Public Storage has a 52 week low of $233.18 and a 52 week high of $316.48. The company has a market cap of $44.53 billion  a P/E ratio of 23.21  a PEG ratio of 3.00 and a beta of 0.50.Analyst Upgrades and DowngradesPublic Storage ( NYSE:PSA Get Free Report ) last posted its quarterly earnings results on Monday  October 30th. The real estate investment trust reported $3.20 earnings per share for the quarter  missing analysts’ consensus estimates of $4.21 by ($1.01). The business had revenue of $1.14 billion during the quarter  compared to analysts’ expectations of $1.14 billion. Public Storage had a net margin of 45.46% and a return on equity of 34.76%. The firm’s quarterly revenue was up 5.1% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same quarter last year  the firm earned $4.13 earnings per share. Research analysts predict that Public Storage will post 16.74 earnings per share for the current year.Several equities research analysts have recently weighed in on the company. Stifel Nicolaus decreased their price objective on Public Storage from $360.00 to $340.00 and set a “buy” rating for the company in a report on Wednesday  September 13th. The Goldman Sachs Group began coverage on shares of Public Storage in a research note on Wednesday  September 27th. They issued a “buy” rating and a $310.00 price objective on the stock. Truist Financial reiterated a “buy” rating and set a $305.00 target price on shares of Public Storage in a research note on Tuesday  October 31st. Morgan Stanley initiated coverage on Public Storage in a research report on Thursday  September 21st. They issued an “equal weight” rating and a $250.00 price target on the stock. Finally  Wells Fargo & Company initiated coverage on Public Storage in a research report on Tuesday  October 24th. They set an “overweight” rating and a $270.00 price objective for the company. Three equities research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and five have given a buy rating to the company’s stock. According to data from MarketBeat  Public Storage presently has a consensus rating of “Moderate Buy” and an average target price of $299.83.View Our Latest Stock Analysis on Public StorageAbout Public Storage(Free Report)Public Storage  a member of the S&P 500 and FT Global 500  is a REIT that primarily acquires  develops  owns  and operates self-storage facilities. At September 30  2023  we had: (i) interests in 3 028 self-storage facilities located in 40 states with approximately 217 million net rentable square feet in the United States and (ii) a 35% common equity interest in Shurgard Self Storage Limited (Euronext Brussels: SHUR)  which owned 267 self-storage facilities located in seven Western European nations with approximately 15 million net rentable square feet operated under the Shurgard brand.Featured StoriesReceive News & Ratings for Public Storage Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Public Storage and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.,neutral,0.03,0.97,0.0,neutral,0.03,0.94,0.03,True,English,"['XML Financial LLC', 'New Investment', 'Public Storage', 'NYSE', 'PSA', '217 million net rentable square feet', '15 million net rentable square feet', 'real estate investment trust', 'seven Western European nations', 'The Goldman Sachs Group', '50-day moving average price', '200 day moving average price', 'missing analysts’ consensus estimates', 'Several equities research analysts', 'Three equities research analysts', 'Public Storage Price Performance Shares', 'Several other institutional investors', 'Tower Research Capital LLC', 'Shurgard Self Storage Limited', 'Lindbrook Capital LLC', 'Savant Capital LLC', 'Rathbones Group PLC', 'Northwest Bancshares Inc.', 'average target price', 'XML Financial LLC', 'equal weight” rating', '35% common equity interest', 'Public Storage alerts', 'Downgrades Public Storage', 'Public Storage Daily', 'quarterly earnings results', 'Latest Stock Analysis', 'net margin', '$305.00 target price', '$250.00 price target', 'analysts’ expectations', 'consensus rating', 'Shurgard brand', 'price objective', 'research note', 'research report', 'Truist Financial', 'buy” rating', 'overweight” rating', 'hold rating', 'buy rating', 'recent filing', 'Exchange Commission', 'Hedge funds', 'quick ratio', 'current ratio', 'equity ratio', 'market cap', 'P/E ratio', 'PEG ratio', 'Analyst Upgrades', 'quarterly revenue', 'current year', 'Stifel Nicolaus', 'Morgan Stanley', 'Wells Fargo', 'Moderate Buy', 'S&P 500', 'FT Global 500', 'self-storage facilities', 'Euronext Brussels', 'Featured Stories', 'email address', 'second quarter', '1st quarter', 'last quarter', '2nd quarter', 'same quarter', 'Free Report', 'additional 819 shares', 'additional 1,647 shares', 'additional 41 shares', 'additional 2,275 shares', 'additional 103 shares', 'new stake', '52 week low', 'United States', 'NYSE:PSA', '$4.13 earnings', '16.74 earnings', '4,044 shares', '5,396 shares', '3,267 shares', '882 shares', '17,285 shares', '1,162 shares', '40 states', 'company', 'Securities', 'stakes', 'TRC', 'position', 'holdings', 'period', 'Monday', 'debt', 'beta', 'October', 'business', 'return', 'firm', 'Wednesday', 'September', 'coverage', 'Tuesday', 'Thursday', 'data', 'MarketBeat', 'member', 'REIT', 'interests', 'News', 'Ratings']",2023-11-06,2023-11-07,etfdailynews.com
32334,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.etfdailynews.com/2023/11/06/public-storage-nysepsa-shares-sold-by-deseret-mutual-benefit-administrators/,Public Storage (NYSE:PSA) Shares Sold by Deseret Mutual Benefit Administrators,Deseret Mutual Benefit Administrators trimmed its position in Public Storage (NYSE:PSA – Free Report) by 15.1% during the second quarter  Holdings Channel.com reports. The firm owned 629 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock after selling 112 sha…,Deseret Mutual Benefit Administrators trimmed its position in Public Storage (NYSE:PSA – Free Report) by 15.1% during the second quarter  Holdings Channel.com reports. The firm owned 629 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock after selling 112 shares during the period. Deseret Mutual Benefit Administrators’ holdings in Public Storage were worth $184 000 as of its most recent SEC filing.Other institutional investors have also modified their holdings of the company. XML Financial LLC acquired a new stake in Public Storage in the second quarter valued at $1 180 000. Texas Permanent School Fund Corp raised its position in shares of Public Storage by 0.7% during the 2nd quarter. Texas Permanent School Fund Corp now owns 33 180 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock worth $9 685 000 after acquiring an additional 224 shares in the last quarter. Petredis Investment Advisors LLC purchased a new stake in Public Storage during the second quarter worth approximately $2 261 000. Vestmark Advisory Solutions Inc. boosted its holdings in Public Storage by 78.5% in the second quarter. Vestmark Advisory Solutions Inc. now owns 3 589 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock valued at $1 048 000 after purchasing an additional 1 578 shares in the last quarter. Finally  Versor Investments LP purchased a new position in Public Storage in the second quarter valued at approximately $1 184 000. 78.75% of the stock is owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors.Get Public Storage alerts:Public Storage Stock PerformanceNYSE PSA opened at $253.26 on Monday. The firm has a market cap of $44.53 billion  a P/E ratio of 23.21  a P/E/G ratio of 3.00 and a beta of 0.50. Public Storage has a 52-week low of $233.18 and a 52-week high of $316.48. The business’s 50-day moving average price is $263.91 and its 200 day moving average price is $279.23. The company has a quick ratio of 1.28  a current ratio of 0.98 and a debt-to-equity ratio of 1.54.Analyst Upgrades and DowngradesPublic Storage ( NYSE:PSA Get Free Report ) last announced its earnings results on Monday  October 30th. The real estate investment trust reported $3.20 earnings per share for the quarter  missing the consensus estimate of $4.21 by ($1.01). Public Storage had a net margin of 45.46% and a return on equity of 34.76%. The company had revenue of $1.14 billion during the quarter  compared to analysts’ expectations of $1.14 billion. During the same quarter last year  the business posted $4.13 earnings per share. The company’s revenue for the quarter was up 5.1% compared to the same quarter last year. On average  equities research analysts expect that Public Storage will post 16.74 earnings per share for the current year.PSA has been the subject of several recent analyst reports. Morgan Stanley initiated coverage on shares of Public Storage in a research report on Thursday  September 21st. They set an “equal weight” rating and a $250.00 price objective for the company. StockNews.com began coverage on shares of Public Storage in a research note on Saturday  October 21st. They issued a “hold” rating for the company. Wells Fargo & Company assumed coverage on Public Storage in a report on Tuesday  October 24th. They set an “overweight” rating and a $270.00 price objective on the stock. Stifel Nicolaus reduced their target price on Public Storage from $360.00 to $340.00 and set a “buy” rating for the company in a report on Wednesday  September 13th. Finally  Truist Financial restated a “buy” rating and set a $305.00 price target on shares of Public Storage in a research note on Tuesday  October 31st. Three research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and five have assigned a buy rating to the company. According to MarketBeat  the stock presently has a consensus rating of “Moderate Buy” and a consensus target price of $299.83.Check Out Our Latest Research Report on PSAPublic Storage Profile(Free Report)Public Storage  a member of the S&P 500 and FT Global 500  is a REIT that primarily acquires  develops  owns  and operates self-storage facilities. At September 30  2023  we had: (i) interests in 3 028 self-storage facilities located in 40 states with approximately 217 million net rentable square feet in the United States and (ii) a 35% common equity interest in Shurgard Self Storage Limited (Euronext Brussels: SHUR)  which owned 267 self-storage facilities located in seven Western European nations with approximately 15 million net rentable square feet operated under the Shurgard brand.Featured StoriesWant to see what other hedge funds are holding PSA? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Public Storage (NYSE:PSA – Free Report).Receive News & Ratings for Public Storage Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Public Storage and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,negative,0.01,0.36,0.63,True,English,"['Deseret Mutual Benefit Administrators', 'Public Storage', 'PSA) Shares', 'NYSE', 'Texas Permanent School Fund Corp', '217 million net rentable square feet', '15 million net rentable square feet', 'Deseret Mutual Benefit Administrators', 'real estate investment trust', 'Vestmark Advisory Solutions Inc.', 'seven Western European nations', 'Petredis Investment Advisors LLC', '50-day moving average price', '200 day moving average price', 'several recent analyst reports', 'Shurgard Self Storage Limited', 'FREE daily email newsletter', 'Holdings Channel.com reports', 'PSA Get Free Report', 'PSA Public Storage Profile', 'Public Storage Stock Performance', 'recent SEC filing', 'concise daily summary', 'Other institutional investors', 'XML Financial LLC', 'Versor Investments LP', 'latest 13F filings', 'equal weight” rating', 'Public Storage Daily', '35% common equity interest', 'other hedge funds', 'equities research analysts', 'Three research analysts', 'Public Storage alerts', 'Downgrades Public Storage', 'consensus target price', 'Latest Research Report', 'net margin', '$305.00 price target', 'Analyst Upgrades', 'Shurgard brand', 'email address', '$250.00 price objective', '$270.00 price objective', 'research note', 'Truist Financial', 'consensus rating', 'consensus estimate', 'analysts’ expectations', 'StockNews.com', 'latest news', 'hold” rating', 'overweight” rating', 'buy” rating', 'hold rating', 'buy rating', 'NYSE:PSA', 'NYSE PSA', 'new stake', 'market cap', 'P/E ratio', 'P/E/G ratio', '52-week low', '52-week high', 'quick ratio', 'current ratio', 'equity ratio', 'current year', 'Morgan Stanley', 'Wells Fargo', 'Stifel Nicolaus', 'Moderate Buy', 'S&P 500', 'FT Global 500', 'self-storage facilities', 'Euronext Brussels', 'Featured Stories', 'insider trades', 'related companies', 'second quarter', '2nd quarter', 'last quarter', 'same quarter', 'MarketBeat.com', 'United States', 'new position', 'earnings results', 'additional 224 shares', 'additional 1,578 shares', '40 states', '$4.13 earnings', '16.74 earnings', '629 shares', '112 shares', '33,180 shares', '3,589 shares', 'firm', 'period', 'company', 'Monday', 'beta', 'business', 'debt', 'October', 'return', 'revenue', 'subject', 'coverage', 'Thursday', 'September', 'Saturday', 'Tuesday', 'Wednesday', 'member', 'REIT', 'interests', 'HoldingsChannel', 'Ratings']",2023-11-06,2023-11-07,etfdailynews.com
32335,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.investorsobserver.com/news/qm-pr/8074582867428610,Teleperformance SE: Quarterly information at September 30  2023,Majorel acquisition finalized  ahead of schedule     Confirmation of the cost synergy plan well into the &#x20AC;100 to &#x20AC;150 million initial target range     Solid +6%* revenue growth over the first nine months of 2023  in line with full-year gu...,"Teleperformance SE: Quarterly information at September 30  2023Majorel acquisition finalized  ahead of scheduleConfirmation of the cost synergy plan well into the €100 to €150 million initial target rangeSolid +6%* revenue growth over the first nine months of 2023  in line with full-year guidance despite an uncertain economic environment2023 full-year guidance confirmed  for revenue growth at around +6%* and EBITA margin at around 16%Cash return to shareholders (share buy-backs and dividends) of nearly €600 million expected for 2023Regulatory News:This press release features multimedia. View the full release here: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20231106087544/en/Analysis of nine-month 2023 revenue growth (Graphic: Business Wire)Teleperformance (Paris:TEP)  a global leader in business digital services  today released its quarterly and nine-month revenue figures for the period ended September 30  2023.Nine months 2023: €5 949 million  up +6.0% like-for-like  excluding impact of Covid contracts*Growth over the period was led by:- Solid gains in European operations  India  and Specialized Services- A diversified client portfolio  with robust momentum in the social media  content moderation  financial services and healthcare markets- Continued innovation in artificial intelligence (AI) and capability to attract the best talent  which drove enhanced outsourcing solutions across the Group- A well-balanced  agile  multilingual operating model combining offshore (53% of revenue**) and work-from-home solutions (around 40% of employees)Majorel acquisition finalized  ahead of schedule- Finalized on November 3  2023  with more than 99.9% of shares tendered at the expiration of the post-acceptance period- Teleperformance’s positioning significantly enhanced in key markets  particularly in Europe  verticals with high growth potential  and strong added-value lines of business- Strengthened leadership position  with more than €10 billion in annual revenue and more than €2 billion in EBITDA***- Confirmation of the integration plan and estimated cost synergies well into the €100 million to €150 million initial target rangeFull-year 2023 guidance confirmed- Like-for-like revenue growth at around +6%*  excluding the exchange rate volatility impact related to countries with hyperinflation (est. +50 bps/-50bps annual impact)- EBITA margin target of around 16% is maintained- Consolidation of Majorel will be from November 1  2023- Strong financial structure after acquisition: Net debt/EBITDA ratio of ~2x***- Cash return to shareholders of nearly €600 million by year-end 2023  resulting from dividends and share buy-backs* At constant scope of consolidation and exchange rates  and excluding the impact of lower revenue from Covid support contracts (“Covid contracts”)** % of revenue from Core Services & D.I.B.S.; *** est. 2023 aggregated annual figures from the combination of Teleperformance and MajorelDaniel Julien  Teleperformance’s Chairman and Chief Executive Officer  said: “As we enter the final months of 2023 which has been a highly eventful and challenging year but also rich in opportunities for the Group  I would like to share two significant pieces of news that confirm Teleperformance’s robust strength.Success of the consolidation : we are very pleased to announce that the Majorel acquisition was finalized on November 3  ahead of schedule and with more than 99.9% of the company’s shares tendered in the offer. This success reflects the transaction’s relevance and the potential of high value creation for our shareholders. The acquisition has driven the emergence of a new Teleperformance  one that is stronger in every way  especially in terms of geographies  verticals  and lines of expertise. It sets the stage for robust growth and global leadership over the coming years.On a proforma basis  Teleperformance will have around 500 000 employees  more than €10 billion in revenue  over €2 billion in EBITDA and nearly €1 billion in net free cash flow. Strong financial flexibility will allow the Group to continue to grow with a highly-efficient allocation of capital  including share buybacks and acquisitions.As we embark on this promising new journey  I am delighted to welcome Majorel’s team to the Teleperformance family. Together  with our shared commitment to the core values of Integrity  Respect  Professionalism  Innovation and Commitment  we will continue to be a best-in-class example of diversity  equity  and inclusion.Resilience of the Group business model: following our like for like growth of + 6 % posted in the first nine months  our revenue growth guidance for the year remains around +6%  excluding the exchange rate volatility impact related to countries experiencing hyperinflation. The environment is still challenging with many US companies tightening their budgets and the evolution of consumer behavior post Covid confinement. Our profitability model is a best-in-class in the industry  with around 16% EBITA margin targeted for the full year.”Thomas Mackenbrock  CEO of Majorel Group  said: “Becoming part of the Teleperformance family is an incredibly positive next step for Majorel. We share the same core values and the opportunities for our clients and our teams are very exciting. We are confident that the ”new Teleperformance” will create even more impact for all of our stakeholders worldwide.""NINE-MONTH AND THIRD-QUARTER 2023 GROUP REVENUE€ millions 2023 2022 % change Like-for-likeexcludingCovid contracts Like-for-like Reported Average exchange rate (Nine months) €1 = US$1.08 €1 = US$1.06 Nine months 5 949 6 002 +6.0% +2.5% -0.9% Third quarter 1 989 2 056 +4.0% +3.1% -3.3%CONSOLIDATED REVENUERevenue for the first nine months of 2023 amounted to €5 949 million  representing an increase of +2.5% at constant exchange rates and scope of consolidation (like-for-like). As expected  reported like-for-like growth was dampened by the non-recurring impact of the year-on-year decline in the contribution from Covid contracts (totaling -€201 million over the first nine months). Adjusted for this impact  like-for-like growth stood at +6.0% for the period.On a reported basis  revenue ended the nine-month period down -0.9% year-on-year. The currency effect was highly unfavorable  at -€250 million overall  with an adverse impact  particularly in the third quarter  due to the decline against the euro of the US dollar  the Egyptian pound  the Colombian peso  and the Indian rupee. Changes in the scope of consolidation added +€53 million to revenue  reflecting the consolidation of PSG Global Solutions from November 1  2022 and of Capita Translation & Interpreting from January 1  2023.Over the first nine months of 2023  like-for-like growth was satisfactory  even as the economic and geopolitical environment remained uncertain. This performance reflects the resilience and diversity of Teleperformance’s client portfolio by region  by industry and by service line. Growth was particularly varied by industry vertical. The fastest growing were financial services  social media and entertainment  and government agencies (excluding Covid contracts).In Core Services & D.I.B.S.   growth (excluding Covid contracts) was especially robust in the EMEA region. However  the Group saw a slowdown in business volume in the North American market in the post Covid period  which held back growth in the LATAM-based offshore operations and in the North America & Asia-Pacific regions  particularly in such verticals as retail  technology  and telecom.The steady momentum in offshore solutions continued to exert downward pressure on the Group’s revenue growth over the first nine months but had a positive impact on margins.Specialized Services also continued to expand at a strong pace   driven by the still very fast post-Covid rebound in TLScontact's global travel visa application management business and continued growth in LanguageLine Solutions' interpretation business.Third-quarter 2023 revenue came to €1 989 million  a like-for-like increase of +4.0% (excluding Covid contracts) that reflected high prior-year comparatives and a sequential slowdown in business. On a reported basis  revenue declined by -3.3% over the quarter under the net impact of (i) a deeply unfavorable currency effect (-€142 million)  stemming primarily from the decline against the euro of the US dollar; and (ii) favorable changes in the scope of consolidation resulting from the inclusion of PSG Global Solutions and Capita Translation & Interpreting.Although the environment remains uncertain in the fourth quarter  particularly in the North American market and in light of the exchange rate volatility related to countries with hyperinflation for the Core Services & D.I.B.S. activities  the Group’s growth should be eased by a more favorable basis of comparison over the period.REVENUE BY ACTIVITYNine months2023 Nine months2022 % change € millions Like-for-like excluding Covidcontracts Like-for-like Reported CORE SERVICES & D.I.B.S.* 4 940 5 160 +4.2% +0.1% -4.3% North America & Asia-Pacific 1 873 1 947 -0.2% -0.2% -3.8% LATAM 1 179 1 237 +1.8% +1.8% -4.7% Europe & MEA (EMEA) 1 888 1 976 +9.9% -0.7% -4.5% SPECIALIZED SERVICES 1 009 842 +17.1% +17.1% +19.8% TOTAL 5 949 6 002 +6.0% +2.5% -0.9% Q3 2023 Q3 2022 % change € millions Like-for-like excluding Covidcontracts Like-for-like Reported CORE SERVICES & D.I.B.S.* 1 643 1 749 +1.8% +0.7% -6.0% North America & Asia-Pacific 618 683 -1.3% -1.3% -9.4% LATAM 391 434 -2.7% -2.7% -9.9% Europe & MEA (EMEA) 634 632 +8.0% +5.2% +0.3% SPECIALIZED SERVICES 346 307 +16.9% +16.9% +12.4% TOTAL 1 989 2 056 +4.0% +3.1% -3.3%* Digital Integrated Business ServicesCore Services & Digital Integrated Business Services (D.I.B.S.)Core Services & D.I.B.S. revenue totaled €4 940 million in the first nine months of 2023  representing like-for-like growth of +4.2% year-on-year   excluding the impact of the lower contribution from Covid contracts. Including the impact of the Covid-related contracts  like-for-like growth was virtually unchanged over the period  at +0.1%  while reported revenue was down -4.3%  primarily due to the decline against the euro of the Egyptian pound  the US dollar  the Colombian peso  the Indian rupee  the Turkish lira  the Philippine peso and most other operating currencies.Nine-month like-for-like growth  excluding the Covid contracts  was satisfactory in an uncertain economic and geopolitical environment. This performance was chiefly attributable to the Group’s robust  diversified client portfolio.Business rose steadily in Europe over the period  while the North American market slowed year-on-year  with lower volume in the post Covid period  impacting the Group’s activities in the North America & Asia-Pacific and LATAM regions. The best results were reported in the social media (content moderation)  financial services  healthcare and government agency verticals (excluding Covid contracts). On the other hand  business in the retail  technology and telecom verticals declined over the period.In the third quarter alone  Core Services & D.I.B.S. revenue amounted to €1 643 million  representing like-for-like growth of +1.8%  excluding the impact of Covid contracts  and of +0.7%  including this impact. Reported revenue was down -6.0% due to the decline against the euro of the US dollar  the Egyptian pound  the Colombian peso  the Indian rupee and most other operating currencies. The slowdown in like-for-like growth  excluding the Covid contracts  primarily reflected the persistently high prior-year comparatives and the weaker business in the North American market during the quarter.Although the environment remains uncertain in the fourth quarter  notably in the North American market and in light with currencies volatility in hyperinflation countries  growth in Core Services & D.I.B.S. activities should benefit from a more favorable basis of comparison over the period.o North America & Asia-PacificRegional revenue came to €1 873 million in the first nine months of 2023  more or less stable on a like-for-like basis at -0.2% year-on-year. Reported revenue was down -3.8% for the period  reflecting the unfavorable currency effect from the decline against the euro of the Indian rupee and  in the third quarter  the US dollar. In the third quarter  revenue edged back -1.3% on a like-for-like basis.Like-for-like growth in the region remained limited throughout the first nine months  held down by the US budget constraints and the slowdown of volumes during the post Covid period in the industry in the North American market which impacted such industries as telecommunications  technology  and retail. Growth was affected by a decline in business volumes and client project cancellations  as well as by program scale-backs and postponements. Moreover  the deflationary impact of the growth in offshore operations  particularly in India  weighed somewhat on regional revenue.In the Asia-Pacific region  revenue growth was robust throughout the first nine months of the year  supported in particular by the ramp-up of new contracts in China in the financial services and travel verticals.Across the region  content moderation (Trust & Safety)  back-office services and customer acquisition activities expanded at a steady pace.o LATAMNine-month revenue for the LATAM region stood at €1 179 million  a year-on-year increase of +1.8% like-for-like. Reported revenue ended the period down -4.7%  primarily due to the decline against the euro of the Colombian peso. In the third quarter alone  revenue contracted by -2.7% on a like-for-like basis.Over the first nine months of the year  regional growth was led by the robust momentum in the social media content moderation and financial services verticals  but held back by softer business in transportation services and retail.The region’s offshore activities are facing the slowdown in the North American market  particularly in the third quarter.o Europe & MEA (EMEA)Regional revenue came to €1 888 million in the first nine months of 2023  delivering very strong +9.9% like-for-like growth  excluding Covid contracts. In the third quarter alone  revenue rose by +8.0% excluding the Covid contracts  building on the favorable trend observed in the preceding three months.Multilingual activities  which are the primary contributors to the region’s revenue stream and mainly serve large global industry leaders  notably in the digital economy  reported sustained growth in the first nine months. The Greek hub benefited from a ramp-up resulting from recent contract wins  particularly in the automotive and consumer goods verticals  while the Egyptian and Turkish hubs continued to grow their business at a sustained pace.Business in the United Kingdom rose sharply over the period  driven by the ramp-up of new contracts in financial services and with government agencies (excluding Covid contracts).Operations in Germany expanded at a satisfactory pace  thanks in particular to fast growth in nearshore services in the Balkans and robust business development in the social media  travel and consumer electronics verticals.Including the impact of the Covid contracts (which were phased out in late 2022 in the Netherlands  the UK  France and Germany)  revenue in the first nine months of 2023 declined by -0.7% on a like-for-like basis and by -4.5% as reported. The difference between the two rates corresponds to the negative currency effect arising mainly from the decline against the euro of the Egyptian pound  the Turkish lira and the pound sterling.Specialized ServicesRevenue from Specialized Services stood at €1 009 million for the first nine months of 2023  a year-on-year increase of +17.1% like-for-like and of +19.8% as reported. The difference between the two growth rates stemmed from the net impact of (i) the positive scope effect of consolidating PSG Global Solutions from November 1  2022 and Capita Translation & Interpreting from January 1  2023; and (ii) the negative impact of the unfavorable currency effect following the decline in the US dollar against the euro over the period. In the third quarter  revenue rose by +16.9% like-for-like  extending the robust gains reported in the first two quarters of the year.LanguageLine Solutions  the main contributor to Specialized Services’ revenue  continued to drive meaningful growth throughout the nine-month period. This strong performance was led by market share gains in this fast-growing industry  supported by the continued growth of video and voice only interpreting solutions.TLScontact's activities continued to grow very rapidly over the first nine months of the year  driven by the still highly robust post-Covid rebound in the visa application management business  which is leveraging the favorable environment created by increased travel and strong growth in additional premium services.OPERATING HIGHLIGHTSMajorel acquisition finalized  ahead of scheduleFinalization and next steps:Teleperformance announced the finalization of the Majorel acquisition on November 3  2023   one month ahead of the initial schedule set when the acquisition was announced on April 26. At the close of the post-acceptance period on November 3  2023  more than 99.9 % of Majorel shares had been tendered in the offer. This extremely high contribution rate attests to the strong support of Majorel's shareholders for the Group’s project and the relevance of the acquisition.The final settlement is scheduled for November 8  2023. Given that Teleperformance will own more than 95% of Majorel’s issued capital and voting rights as of the final settlement  the Group is willing to initiate squeeze-out proceedings as soon as practicable.Teleperformance will also request the delisting of Majorel shares from Euronext Amsterdam  which should take place on December 11  2023.A new springboard to drive sustained growth in the years ahead:The acquisition will enable Teleperformance to broaden its presence in Europe  especially in France and Germany  where Teleperformance has a relatively small presence and in a number of high-growth potential verticals  such as social media  luxury goods  automotive and travel  and further develop strong added-value lines of expertise.It will also strengthen (i) Teleperformance’s exposure to European clients  whereas its current client portfolio is mainly American; and (ii) its senior management  with the integration of Majorel's seasoned executive teams who share the same corporate culture.The combination will create a wide range of synergies  in terms of both revenue and costs. The cost synergy plan announced last April 26 is confirmed  with projected savings well into the €100 million to €150 million initial target range.Also as announced last April  the acquisition will be accretive to earnings per share before synergies from 2024 onwards.It is also projected to strengthen Teleperformance’s global leadership  with the combined company representing around 500 000 employees worldwide  and with more than €10 billion in revenue  and more than €2 billion in EBITDA (est. 2023 aggregated figures from the combination of the companies).€500 million share buy-back programOn August 2  2023  Teleperformance launched a share buy-back program for a total amount of up to €500 million . Most of the acquired shares will be canceled. The opportunity to initiate the buy-back program arose from the Group’s strong cash-flow generation  its unrivaled  industry-leading performance in a challenging macroeconomic environment  and its future growth prospects  all of which were not properly reflected in its current stock price.The fact that most of the acquired shares are set to be canceled will offset some of the dilution resulting from the completion of the Majorel acquisition.The buy-back program will be rewarding for Teleperformance’s long-term shareholders  without impacting the Group’s S&P credit rating of BBB or its ability to seize acquisition opportunities.More than €300 million in shares have been bought back since the beginning of the year. The Group does not rule out launching new programs in the future should the stock price continue to undervalue the strength of the Group’s business model.Following the acquisition of Majorel and completion of the €500 million share buy-back program  Teleperformance’s financial flexibility will remain fully intact  with an investment capacity of around €1 billion and net debt leverage of around 2.0x EBITDA (based on est. 2023 aggregated figures from the combination of Teleperformance and Majorel).OUTLOOK FOR 2023Despite the persistently disruptive and uncertain environment  Teleperformance expects to benefit from more favorable comparatives in the final months of the year.The Group has confirmed and specified the following full-year targets:- Like-for-like revenue growth at around +6%*  excluding the exchange rate volatility impact related to countries with hyperinflation (est. +50 bps/-50bps annual impact)- EBITA margin target of around 16% maintained- Consolidation of Majorel as from November 1  2023Teleperformance expects to return nearly €600 million of cash to shareholders in 2023  resulting from dividends for €227 million and share buy-backs for more than €300 million.* At constant scope of consolidation and exchange rates  and excluding the impact of lower revenue from Covid support contracts (“Covid contracts”)---------------------------------DISCLAIMERAll forward-looking statements are based on Teleperformance management’s present expectations of future events and are subject to a number of factors and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those described in the forward-looking statements. For a detailed description of these factors and uncertainties  please refer to the ""Risk Factors"" section of the Universal Registration Document  available at www.teleperformance.com. Teleperformance undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any of these forward-looking statements.WEBCAST/CONFERENCE CALL WITH ANALYSTS AND INVESTORSA conference call and webcast will be held today at 6:00 PM CEST. The webcast will be available live or for delayed viewing at: https://channel.royalcast.com/landingpage/teleperformance/20231106_1/INDICATIVE INVESTOR CALENDARFull-year 2023 results: February 28  2024First-quarter 2024 revenue: April 30  2024ABOUT TELEPERFORMANCE GROUPTeleperformance (TEP – ISIN: FR0000051807 – Reuters: TEPRF.PA - Bloomberg: TEP FP)   is a global leader in digital business services  blending the best of advanced technology with human empathy to deliver enhanced customer care that is simpler  faster  and safer for the world’s biggest brands and their customers. The Group’s comprehensive  AI-powered service portfolio ranges from front-office customer care to back-office functions  including Trust and Safety services that help defend both online users and brand reputation. It also offers a range of specialized services such as collections  interpreting and localization  visa and consular services  and recruitment process outsourcing services. With more than 410 000 inspired and passionate people speaking more than 300 languages  the Group’s global scale and local presence allows it to be a force of good in supporting communities  clients  and the environment. In 2022  Teleperformance reported consolidated revenue of €8 154 million (US$8.6 billion  based on €1 = $1.05) and net profit of €645 million.Teleperformance shares are traded on the Euronext Paris market  Compartment A  and are eligible for the deferred settlement service. They are included in the following indices: CAC 40  STOXX 600  S&P Europe 350  MSCI Global Standard and Euronext Tech Leaders. In the area of corporate social responsibility  Teleperformance shares are included in the CAC 40 ESG since September 2022  the Euronext Vigeo Euro 120 index since 2015  the EURO STOXX 50 ESG index since 2020  the MSCI Europe ESG Leaders index since 2019  the FTSE4Good index since 2018 and the S&P Global 1200 ESG index since 2017.Visit the Group at www.teleperformance.com.APPENDIX 1 – QUARTERLY AND NINE-MONTH REVENUE BY ACTIVITYNine months2023 Nine months2022 % change € millions Like-for-like excluding Covidcontracts Like-for-like Reported CORE SERVICES & D.I.B.S.* 4 940 5 160 +4.2% +0.1% -4.3% North America & Asia-Pacific 1 873 1 947 -0.2% -0.2% -3.8% LATAM 1 179 1 237 +1.8% +1.8% -4.7% Europe & MEA (EMEA) 1 888 1 976 +9.9% -0.7% -4.5% SPECIALIZED SERVICES 1 009 842 +17.1% +17.1% +19.8% TOTAL 5 949 6 002 +6.0% +2.5% -0.9%Q3 2023 Q3 2022 % change € millions Like-for-like excluding Covidcontracts Like-for-like Reported CORE SERVICES & D.I.B.S.* 1 643 1 749 +1.8% +0.7% -6.0% North America & Asia-Pacific 618 683 -1.3% -1.3% -9.4% LATAM 391 434 -2.7% -2.7% -9.9% Europe & MEA (EMEA) 634 632 +8.0% +5.2% +0.3% SPECIALIZED SERVICES 346 307 +16.9% +16.9% +12.4% TOTAL 1 989 2 056 +4.0% +3.1% -3.3% Q2 2023 Q2 2022 % change € millions Like-for-like excluding Covidcontracts Like-for-like Reported CORE SERVICES & D.I.B.S.* North America & Asia-Pacific LATAM Europe & MEA (EMEA) SPECIALIZED SERVICES 1 612 609 392 611 342 1 700 636 421 643 284 +3.3% -0.2% +1.6% +7.7% +17.4% +0.0% - 0.2% +1.6% -0.9% +17.4% -5.2% -4.3% -6.7% -5.0% +20.4% TOTAL 1 954 1 984 +5.3% +2.5% -1.5%Q1 2023 Q1 2022 % change € millions Like-for-like excluding Covidcontracts Like-for-like Reported CORE SERVICES & D.I.B.S.* 1 685 1 711 +7.3% -0.4% -1.6% North America & Asia-Pacific 646 628 +0.8% +0.8% +2.8% LATAM 396 382 +7.0% +7.0% +3.6% Europe & MEA (EMEA) 643 701 +13.6% -5.7% -8.2% SPECIALIZED SERVICES 321 251 +17.0% +17.0% +28.3% TOTAL 2 006 1 962 +8.6% +1.9% +2.2%* Digital Integrated Business ServicesAPPENDIX – GLOSSARY - ALTERNATIVE PERFORMANCE MEASURESChange in like-for-like revenue:Change in revenue at constant exchange rates and scope of consolidation = [current year revenue - prior year revenue at current year rates - revenue from acquisitions at current year rates] / prior year revenue at current year rates.EBITDA before non-recurring items or current EBITDA (Earnings before Interest  Taxes  Depreciation and Amortization):Operating profit before depreciation and amortization  amortization of intangible assets acquired as part of a business combination  goodwill impairment charges and non-recurring items.EBITA before non-recurring items or current EBITA (Earnings before Interest  Taxes and Amortization):Operating profit before amortization of intangible assets acquired as part of a business combination  goodwill impairment charges and non-recurring items.Non-recurring items:Principally comprised of restructuring costs  incentive share award plan expense  costs of closure of subsidiary companies  transaction costs for the acquisition of companies  and all other expenses that are unusual by reason of their nature or amount.Net free cash flow:Cash flow generated by the business - acquisitions of intangible assets and property  plant and equipment net of disposals - financial income/expenses.Net debt:Current and non-current financial liabilities - cash and cash equivalents.Diluted earnings per share (net profit attributable to shareholders divided by the number of diluted shares and adjusted):Diluted earnings per share is determined by adjusting the net profit attributable to ordinary shareholders and the weighted average number of ordinary shares outstanding by the effects of all potentially dilutive ordinary shares. These include convertible bonds  stock options and incentive share awards granted to employees when the required performance conditions have been met at the end of the financial year-----------View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20231106087544/en/FINANCIAL ANALYSTS AND INVESTORSInvestor relations and financialcommunications departmentTELEPERFORMANCETel: +33 1 53 83 59 15investor@teleperformance.comPRESS RELATIONSEuropeKarine Allouis – Laurent PoinsotIMAGE7Tel: +33 1 53 70 74 70teleperformance@image7.frPRESS RELATIONSAmericas and Asia-PacificNicole MillerTELEPERFORMANCETel: + 1 629-899-0675nicole.miller@teleperformance.com",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.6,0.3,0.09,True,English,"['Teleperformance SE', 'Quarterly information', 'September', '€100 million to €150 million initial target range', '€100 to €150 million initial target range', 'D.I.B.S.', 'agile, multilingual operating model', 'net free cash flow', 'exchange rate volatility impact', 'Net debt/EBITDA ratio', 'EBITA margin target', 'diversified client portfolio', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'two significant pieces', 'high value creation', 'many US companies', 'Strong financial structure', 'Strong financial flexibility', 'promising new journey', 'first nine months', 'cost synergy plan', 'uncertain economic environment', 'strong added-value lines', '50bps annual impact', 'nine-month revenue figures', 'Covid support contracts', 'business digital services', 'nine-month 2023 revenue growth', 'high growth potential', 'Solid +6%* revenue growth', 'Group business model', 'revenue growth guidance', 'exchange rates', 'profitability model', 'financial services', 'annual figures', '16% EBITA margin', 'Cash return', 'Covid contracts', 'Solid gains', 'integration plan', 'cost synergies', 'final months', 'annual revenue', 'full-year guidance', 'Business Wire', 'Specialized Services', 'Full-year 2023 guidance', 'Core Services', 'Covid confinement', 'robust growth', 'lower revenue', 'share buy-backs', 'press release', 'full release', 'global leader', 'European operations', 'robust momentum', 'social media', 'content moderation', 'healthcare markets', 'artificial intelligence', 'best talent', 'outsourcing solutions', 'home solutions', 'key markets', 'leadership position', 'constant scope', 'Daniel Julien', 'robust strength', 'coming years', 'proforma basis', 'efficient allocation', 'share buybacks', 'core values', 'consumer behavior', 'Thomas Mackenbrock', 'new Teleperformance', 'challenging year', 'full year', 'Quarterly information', 'Continued innovation', 'class example', 'Teleperformance SE', 'Regulatory News', 'post-acceptance period', 'Teleperformance family', 'Majorel acquisition', 'September', 'schedule', 'Confirmation', 'shareholders', 'dividends', 'multimedia', 'businesswire', 'Analysis', 'Paris', 'TEP', 'India', 'capability', 'employees', 'November', 'shares', 'expiration', 'positioning', 'verticals', 'countries', 'hyperinflation', 'Consolidation', 'year-end', 'combination', 'Chairman', 'eventful', 'opportunities', 'Success', 'company', 'offer', 'transaction', 'relevance', 'emergence', 'way', 'terms', 'geographies', 'expertise', 'stage', 'capital', 'acquisitions', 'team', 'commitment', 'Integrity', 'Respect', 'Professionalism', 'diversity', 'equity', 'inclusion', 'Resilience', 'like', 'budgets', 'evolution', 'industry', 'CEO']",2023-11-06,2023-11-07,investorsobserver.com
32336,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/INVENTIVA-34031212/news/Inventiva-announces-a-late-breaker-abstract-and-two-additional-abstracts-on-its-lead-compound-lanif-45252478/,Inventiva announces a late breaker abstract and two additional abstracts on its lead compound  lanifibranor  at the AASLD The Liver Meeting® 2023,(marketscreener.com) The phase II study led by Dr. Kenneth Cusi evaluating lanifibranor in patients with T2D and MASLD was selected as late breaker.Two additional scientific abstracts from the NATIVE Phase IIb clinical trial evaluating lanifibranor for the tr…,The phase II study led by Dr. Kenneth Cusi evaluating lanifibranor in patients with T2D and MASLD was selected as late breaker.Two additional scientific abstracts from the NATIVE Phase IIb clinical trial evaluating lanifibranor for the treatment of patients with NASH have been selected for presentation. The two abstracts show: the correlation between the increase of adiponectin under lanifibranor and the improvement of histological and serum markers of NASH severity both in terms of activity and fibrosis. the improvement of liver histology and markers of cardiometabolic health in patients with NASH treated with lanifibranor  independent of PNPLA3 genotype.Daix (France)  Long Island City (New York  United States)  November 6  2023 – Inventiva (Euronext Paris and Nasdaq: IVA) (the “Company”)  a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company focused on the development of oral small molecule therapies for the treatment of nonalcoholic steatohepatitis (NASH) and other diseases with significant unmet medical needs  today announced that the phase II trial led by Dr. Cusi in patients with type two diabetes (T2D) has been accepted as late breaker  at the upcoming The Liver Meeting® 2023 hosted by the American Association for the Study of Liver Diseases on November 10-14  2023 in Boston. In addition two other scientific abstracts have been selected for poster presentation.The late breaker abstract “Lanifibranor reverses insulin resistance and improves glucose and lipid metabolism in patients with type 2 diabetes (T2D) and metabolic dysfunction-associated steatotic liver disease (MASLD)” presents results from a study sponsored by Dr. Cusi at the University of Florida  that evaluates the effect of lanifibranor on insulin resistance in the liver  muscle and adipose tissue  as well as its effect on intrahepatic triglyceride (IHTG) content in patients with T2D and Metabolic dysfunction associated steatotic liver disease (MASLD)1.The second abstract evaluates the correlation between adiponectin response with lanifibranor and the improvement of histological and serum markers of NASH severity  both in terms of disease activity and fibrosis. The change in adiponectin levels at end of treatment (categorized as unchanged  moderate or high increase) correlated positively to histological endpoints of NASH resolution and no worsening of fibrosis  improvement of fibrosis and no worsening of NASH  and NASH resolution and fibrosis improvement. The degree of adiponectin level increase correlated also with improvement of the NASH-CRN and SAF-Activity scores as well as with improvement of the individual components: steatosis  inflammation and ballooning. Lanifibranor-associated adiponectin increase also correlated with the improvement in histological fibrosis stage  pro-C3 levels and MACK-3 score. These data further support that adiponectin is a biomarker for the efficacy of lanifibranor treatment across the disease spectrum of NASH  from cardiometabolic health – as previously shown – to hepatic health. As a reminder  a 3.82 and 4.50 fold increase in adiponectin level were respectively reported in the 800mg arm and 1200mg arm during Inventiva’s NATIVE Phase IIb clinical trial.The third abstract evaluates the impact of the PNPLA3 variant I148M  which is strongly associated with risk for and the progression of NASH  on the histological and cardiometabolic response to lanifibranor. In a retrospective analysis of Inventiva’s NATIVE Phase IIb clinical trial evaluating lanifibranor for the treatment of patients with NASH  histological and circulating marker responses were evaluated by PNPLA3 genotype subgroup. The response to lanifibranor treatment on the histological endpoints was similar across the three PNPLA3 genotype (II/IM/MM) despite a higher activity score measured at baseline in patients with MM genotype.In addition  the improvement of cardiometabolic health markers (glycemic control  insulin  HOMA-IR  HsCRP  CAP and adiponectin) following treatment with lanifibranor was similar in the three PNPLA3 genotypes. These results demonstrate that the efficacy of lanifibranor on both liver histology and markers of cardiometabolic health appears to be independent of PNPLA3 status.The details of the presentation are as follows:Abstracts :Abstract title: “Lanifibranor reverses insulin resistance and improves glucose and lipid metabolism in patients with type 2 diabetes (T2D) and metabolic dysfunction-associated steatotic liver disease (MASLD)” Poster number: 5035-C Presentation type: Late breaker poster presentation Authors: Diana Barb  Srilaxmi Kalavalapalli  Eddison Godinez Leiva  Fernando Bril  Philippe Huot-Marchand  Lucile Dzen  Jean-Louis Junien  Pierre Broqua  Andrea Ortiz Rocha  Romina Lomonaco  Michael P Cooreman  Ken Cusi Date: November 12  2023 – 1:00pm - 2:00pm (EST)Abstract title: “Lanifibranor-associated adiponectin increase correlates with improvement of histological and serum markers of NASH severity both in terms of activity and fibrosis” Poster number: 2458-C Presentation type: Poster presentation Authors: Michael P. Cooreman  Manal F. Abdelmalek  Philippe Huot-Marchand  Lucile Dzen  Martine Baudin  Jean-Louis Junien  Pierre Broqua  Sven Francque Date: November 11  2023 – 8:30am - 5:00pm (EST)Abstract title: “Lanifibranor improves liver histology and markers of cardiometabolic health in patients with NASH independent of PNPLA3 genotype: a retrospective analysis of the native study” Poster number: 2457-C Presentation type: Poster presentation Authors: Louis Griffel  Sven Francque  Manal F. Abdelmalek  Philippe Huot-Marchand  Lucile Dzen  Martine Baudin  Jean-Louis Junien  Pierre Broqua  Michael P. Cooreman Date: November 11  2023 – 8:30am - 5:00pm (EST)Inventiva will also be present with a booth: we are inviting you to visit us from Saturday November 11 through Monday November 13  2023  during exhibition hall opening hours at booth #D3027 located in the exhibition hall of the conference center.About lanifibranorLanifibranor  Inventiva’s lead product candidate  is an orally-available small molecule that acts to induce anti-fibrotic  anti-inflammatory and beneficial vascular and metabolic changes in the body by activating all three peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor (PPAR) isoforms  which are well-characterized nuclear receptor proteins that regulate gene expression. Lanifibranor is a PPAR agonist that is designed to target all three PPAR isoforms in a moderately potent manner  with a well-balanced activation of PPARα and PPARδ  and a partial activation of PPARγ. While there are other PPAR agonists that target only one or two PPAR isoforms for activation  lanifibranor is the only pan-PPAR agonist in clinical development for the treatment of NASH. Inventiva believes that lanifibranor’s moderate and balanced pan-PPAR binding profile contributes to the favorable tolerability profile that has been observed in clinical trials and pre-clinical studies to date. The FDA has granted Breakthrough Therapy and Fast Track designation to lanifibranor for the treatment of NASH.About InventivaInventiva is a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company focused on the research and development of oral small molecule therapies for the treatment of patients with NASH (also known as metabolic dysfunction-associated steatohepatitis (MASH))  mucopolysaccharidoses (“MPS”) and other diseases with significant unmet medical need. The Company benefits from a strong expertise and experience in the domain of compounds targeting nuclear receptors  transcription factors and epigenetic modulation. Inventiva is currently advancing one clinical candidate  has a pipeline of two preclinical programs and continues to explore other development opportunities to add to its pipeline.Inventiva’s lead product candidate  lanifibranor  is currently in a pivotal Phase III clinical trial  NATiV3  for the treatment of adult patients with NASH  a common and progressive chronic liver disease for which there are currently no approved therapies.Inventiva’s pipeline also includes odiparcil  a drug candidate for the treatment of adult MPS VI patients. As part of Inventiva’s decision to focus clinical efforts on the development of lanifibranor  it suspended its clinical efforts relating to odiparcil and is reviewing available options with respect to its potential further development. Inventiva is also in the process of selecting an oncology development candidate for its Hippo signaling pathway program.The Company has a scientific team of approximately 90 people with deep expertise in the fields of biology  medicinal and computational chemistry  pharmacokinetics and pharmacology  and clinical development. It owns an extensive library of approximately 240 000 pharmacologically relevant molecules  approximately 60% of which are proprietary  as well as a wholly-owned research and development facility.Inventiva is a public company listed on compartment B of the regulated market of Euronext Paris (ticker: IVA  ISIN: FR0013233012) and on the Nasdaq Global Market in the United States (ticker: IVA). www.inventivapharma.comContactsInventivaPascaline ClercEVP  Strategy and Corporate Affairsmedia@inventivapharma.com+1 240 620 9175 Brunswick GroupTristan Roquet Montegon /Aude Lepreux /Matthieu BenoistMedia relationsinventiva@brunswickgroup.com+33 1 53 96 83 83 Westwicke  an ICR CompanyPatricia L. BankInvestor relationspatti.bank@westwicke.com+1 415 513-1284Important NoticeThis press release contains “forward-looking statements” within the meaning of the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. All statements  other than statements of historical facts  included in this press release are forward-looking statements. These statements include  but are not limited to  pre-clinical programs and clinical trials  including design  duration  timing  recruitment costs  screening and enrolment for those trials  including the ongoing NATiV3 Phase III clinical trial with lanifibranor in NASH and LEGEND Phase IIa clinial trial  clinical trial data releases and publications  the information  insights and impacts that may be gathered from clinical trials  the potential therapeutic benefits of Inventiva’s product candidates  including lanifibranor and Inventiva’s pipeline and preclinical and clinical development plans  future activities  expectations  plans  growth  potential revenues and prospects of Inventiva. Certain of these statements  forecasts and estimates can be recognized by the use of words such as  without limitation  “believes”  “anticipates”  “expects”  “intends”  “plans”  “seeks”  “estimates”  “may”  “will”  “would”  “could”  “might”  “should”  “designed”  “hopefully”  “target”  “potential’  and “continue” and similar expressions. Such statements are not historical facts but rather are statements of future expectations and other forward-looking statements that are based on management's beliefs. These statements reflect such views and assumptions prevailing as of the date of the statements and involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties that could cause future results  performance or future events to differ materially from those expressed or implied in such statements. Actual events are difficult to predict and may depend upon factors that are beyond Inventiva's control. There can be no guarantees with respect to pipeline product candidates that the clinical trial results will be available on their anticipated timeline  that future clinical trials will be initiated as anticipated  that product candidates will receive the necessary regulatory approvals on their expected timeline  or at all. Actual results may turn out to be materially different from the anticipated future results  performance or achievements expressed or implied by such statements  forecasts and estimates  due to a number of factors  including that Inventiva is a clinical-stage company with no approved products and no historical product revenues  Inventiva has incurred significant losses since inception  Inventiva has a limited operating history and has never generated any revenue from product sales  Inventiva will require additional capital to finance its operations  in the absence of which  Inventiva may be required to significantly curtail  delay or discontinue one or more of its research or development programs or be unable to expand its operations or otherwise capitalize on its business opportunities and may be unable to continue as a going concern  Inventiva's future success is dependent on the successful clinical development  regulatory approval and subsequent commercialization of current and any future product candidates  preclinical studies or earlier clinical trials are not necessarily predictive of future results and the results of Inventiva's clinical trials may not support Inventiva's product candidate claims  Inventiva’s expectations with respect to the changes to the clinical development plan for lanifibranor for the treatment of NASH may not be realized and may not support the approval of a New Drug Application  Inventiva and its partners may encounter substantial delays in their clinical trials or fail to demonstrate safety and efficacy to the satisfaction of applicable regulatory authorities  the ability of Inventiva and its partners to recruit and retain patients in clinical studies  enrolment and retention of patients in clinical trials is an expensive and time-consuming process and could be made more difficult or rendered impossible by multiple factors outside Inventiva's and its partners’ control  Inventiva's product candidates may cause adverse drug reactions or have other properties that could delay or prevent their regulatory approval  or limit their commercial potential  Inventiva faces substantial competition and Inventiva’s and its partners’ business  and preclinical studies and clinical development programs and timelines  its financial condition and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected by geopolitical events  such as the conflict between Russia and Ukraine and the Gaza and Israel related sanctions and related impacts and potential impacts on the initiation  enrolment and completion of Inventiva’s and its partners’ clinical trials on anticipated timelines  health epidemics  and macroeconomic conditions  including global inflation  interest rates  uncertain financial markets and disruptions in banking systems. Given these risks and uncertainties  no representations are made as to the accuracy or fairness of such forward-looking statements  forecasts and estimates. Furthermore  forward-looking statements  forecasts and estimates only speak as of the date of this press release. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on any of these forward-looking statements.Please refer to the Universal Registration Document for the year ended December 31  2022 filed with the Autorité des Marchés Financiers on March 30  2023  the Annual Report on Form 20-F for the year ended December 31  2022 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 30  2023 and the Company’s half-year report for the period ended June 30  2023 for other risks and uncertainties affecting Inventiva  including those described from time to time under the caption “Risk Factors”. Other risks and uncertainties of which Inventiva is not currently aware may also affect its forward-looking statements and may cause actual results and the timing of events to differ materially from those anticipated.All information in this press release is as of the date of the release. Except as required by law  Inventiva has no intention and is under no obligation to update or review the forward-looking statements referred to above. Consequently  Inventiva accepts no liability for any consequences arising from the use of any of the above statement.1 Inventiva-PR-Cusi-Lani-Topline-Results-EN-06132023.pdf (inventivapharma.com)Attachment,neutral,0.03,0.96,0.01,neutral,0.04,0.89,0.07,True,English,"['AASLD The Liver Meeting®', 'late breaker abstract', 'two additional abstracts', 'lead compound', 'Inventiva', 'lanifibranor', 'NATIVE Phase IIb clinical trial', 'metabolic dysfunction-associated steatotic liver disease', 'oral small molecule therapies', 'significant unmet medical needs', 'Two additional scientific abstracts', 'two other scientific abstracts', 'phase II trial', 'Late breaker poster presentation', 'Long Island City', 'circulating marker responses', 'Eddison Godinez Leiva', 'Andrea Ortiz Rocha', 'Michael P Cooreman', 'Michael P. Coorema', 'The Liver Meeting', 'phase II study', 'PNPLA3 variant I148M', 'three PNPLA3 genotypes', 'Ken Cusi Date', 'PNPLA3 genotype subgroup', 'type two diabetes', 'clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company', 'Dr. Kenneth Cusi', 'late breaker abstract', 'C Presentation type', 'Lanifibranor-associated adiponectin increase', 'higher activity score', 'adiponectin level increase', 'cardiometabolic health markers', 'two abstracts', 'histological fibrosis stage', 'disease spectrum', 'disease activity', 'other diseases', 'liver histology', 'Liver Diseases', 'Dr. Cusi', 'type 2 diabetes', 'PNPLA3 status', 'MACK-3 score', 'MM genotype', 'Poster number', 'high increase', '4.50 fold increase', 'second abstract', 'hepatic health', 'third abstract', 'Abstract title', 'New York', 'United States', 'Euronext Paris', 'nonalcoholic steatohepatitis', 'American Association', 'lipid metabolism', 'adipose tissue', 'intrahepatic triglyceride', 'adiponectin levels', 'SAF-Activity scores', 'individual components', 'pro-C3 levels', '800mg arm', '1200mg arm', 'retrospective analysis', 'glycemic control', 'Diana Barb', 'Srilaxmi Kalavalapalli', 'Fernando Bril', 'Philippe Huot-Marchand', 'Lucile Dzen', 'Jean-Louis Junien', 'Pierre Broqua', 'Romina Lomonaco', 'cardiometabolic response', 'serum markers', 'insulin resistance', 'adiponectin response', 'histological endpoints', 'NASH severity', 'NASH resolution', 'fibrosis improvement', 'lanifibranor treatment', 'patients', 'T2D', 'MASLD', 'correlation', 'terms', 'Daix', 'France', 'Inventiva', 'Nasdaq', 'development', 'upcoming', 'November', 'Boston', 'glucose', 'results', 'University', 'Florida', 'effect', 'muscle', 'IHTG', 'content', 'change', 'moderate', 'worsening', 'degree', 'NASH-CRN', 'steatosis', 'inflammation', 'ballooning', 'data', 'biomarker', 'efficacy', 'reminder', 'impact', 'risk', 'progression', 'II/IM/MM', 'baseline', 'HOMA-IR', 'HsCRP', 'CAP', 'details', 'Authors', '1:00pm', '2:00pm', '3.82']",2023-11-06,2023-11-07,marketscreener.com
32337,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/ATARI-S-A-2168735/news/Atari-closes-the-acquisition-of-Digital-Eclipse-45245387/,Atari closes the acquisition of Digital Eclipse,(marketscreener.com) Atari closes the acquisition of Digital Eclipse         PARIS  FRANCE - Atari® — one of the world's most iconic consumer brands and interactive entertainment producers — is pleased to announce the closing of the acquisition of Digital Ecl…,"Atari closes the acquisition of Digital EclipsePARIS  FRANCE (November 6  2023 - 8.00 am CET) - Atari® (the “Company”) — one of the world's most iconic consumer brands and interactive entertainment producers — is pleased to announce the closing of the acquisition of Digital Eclipse Entertainment Partners Co (“Digital Eclipse”)  a game development studio originally founded in 1992 focused on the digital restoration of classic video games  based in Emeryville  California.The acquisition of Digital Eclipse will allow Atari to expand its internal development capabilities and utilize Digital Eclipse’s industry-leading experience and proprietary technology. In joining Atari  Digital Eclipse will grow its business and capabilities by expanding its development capacity and access to world-class IP and will leverage Atari’s management expertise.FINAL TERMS OF THE ACQUISITION AND COMPLETION OF CAPITAL INCREASEThe final purchase price of Digital Eclipse consists of an initial consideration of US$6.3 million  of which (i) US$3.8 million in cash1 paid on the closing date and (ii) US$2.5 million in newly issued Atari ordinary shares issued on the closing date2  as well as a remaining earn-out of up to $13.5 million  payable in cash over the next ten years based on future performance of Digital Eclipse.As described above  Atari has also acquired a portion of the shares in Digital Eclipse directly with the issuance of newly issued ordinary Atari shares. The reserved capital increase has resulted in the issuance of 20 165 794 new ordinary shares with a par value of €0.01  plus a share premium of €0.1069  representing a total subscription of €2 357 381.82. Atari share capital increased by a nominal amount of €201 657.94 from €4 221 964.28 to €4 423 622.22.Following the completion of the acquisition  Digital Eclipse shareholders together hold 4.6% of Atari’s share capital3. The majority of Digital Eclipse shareholders  holding in aggregate approximately 95% of Digital Eclipse capital  have agreed to a 1-year lock-up on their Atari shares as from the closing of the acquisition.About ATARIAtari is an interactive entertainment company and an iconic gaming industry brand that transcends generations and audiences. The company is globally recognized for its multi-platform  interactive entertainment and licensed products. Atari owns and/or manages a portfolio of more than 200 unique games and franchises  including world-renowned brands like Asteroids®  Centipede®  Missile Command®  Pong®  and RollerCoaster Tycoon®. Atari has offices in New York and Paris. Visit us online at www.atari.com .Atari shares are listed in France on Euronext Growth Paris (ISIN Code FR0010478248  Ticker ALATA) and OTC Pink Current (Ticker PONGF).©2023 Atari Interactive  Inc. Atari wordmark and logo are trademarks owned by Atari Interactive  Inc.ContactsAtari - Investor RelationsTel + 33 1 83 64 61 58 - investisseur@atari-sa.com | www.atari.com/news/Calyptus – Marie CalleuxTel + 33 1 53 65 68 68 – atari@calyptus.ne tListing Sponsor- EurolandTel +33 1 44 70 20 84Julia Bridger - jbridger@elcorp.comDISCLAIMERThe distribution of this press release may be restricted by law in certain jurisdictions and persons into whose possession this document or other information referred to herein comes should inform themselves about and observe any such restriction. Any failure to comply with these restrictions may constitute a violation of the securities laws of any such jurisdiction.The distribution of this press release may be restricted by law in certain jurisdictions and persons into whose possession this document or other information referred to herein comes should inform themselves about and observe any such restriction. Any failure to comply with these restrictions may constitute a violation of the securities laws of any such jurisdiction. This press release may not be published  distributed or transmitted in the United States (including its territories and dependencies). This press release does not constitute or form part an offer of securities for sale or any solicitation to purchase or subscribe for securities or any solicitation of sale of securities in the United States. The securities referred to herein have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the “Securities Act”) or the law of any state or other jurisdiction of the United States  and may not be offered or sold in the United States absent registration under the Securities Act or pursuant to an exemption from  or in a transaction not subject to  the registration requirements of the Securities Act. Atari does not intend to register all or any portion of the securities in the United States under the Securities Act or to conduct a public offering of the Securities in the United States. This press release and the information contained herein do not constitute either an offer to sell or purchase  or the solicitation of an offer to sell or purchase  securities of the Company.No communication or information in respect of any securities mentioned in this press release may be distributed to the public in any jurisdiction where registration or approval is required. No steps have been taken or will be taken in any jurisdiction where such steps would be required. The offering or subscription of the Company’s securities may be subject to specific legal or regulatory restrictions in certain jurisdictions.This press release does not  and shall not  in any circumstances  constitute a public offering  a sale offer nor an invitation to the public in connection with any offer of securities. The distribution of this document may be restricted by law in certain jurisdictions. Persons into whose possession this document comes are required to inform themselves about and to observe any such restrictions.This announcement is an advertisement and not a prospectus within the meaning of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129  as amended (the ""Prospectus Regulation"").With respect to the member states of the European Economic Area other than France  no action has been undertaken or will be undertaken to make an offer to the public of the securities referred to herein requiring a publication of a prospectus in any relevant member state. As a result  the securities may not and will not be offered in any relevant member state except in accordance with the exemptions set forth in Article 1 (4) of the Prospectus Regulation or under any other circumstances which do not require the publication by the Company of a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation and/or to applicable regulations of that relevant member state.The distribution of this press release has not been made  and has not been approved  by an “authorised person” within the meaning of Article 21(1) of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000. As a consequence  this press release is only being distributed to  and is only directed at  persons in the United Kingdom that (i) are “investment professionals” falling within Article 19(5) of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Financial Promotion) Order 2005 (as amended  the “Order”)  (ii) are persons falling within Article 49(2)(a) to (d) (“high net worth companies  unincorporated associations  etc.”) of the Order  or (iii) are persons to whom an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning of Article 21 of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000) in connection with the issue or sale of any securities may otherwise lawfully be communicated or caused to be communicated (all such persons together being referred to as “Relevant Persons”). Any investment or investment activity to which this document relates is available only to Relevant Persons and will be engaged in only with Relevant Persons. Any person who is not a Relevant Person should not act or rely on this document or any of its contents.This announcement may not be published  forwarded or distributed  directly or indirectly  in the United States of America  Canada  Australia  South Africa or Japan.1 Including US$1.5 million as pre-payment of the earn-out2 Atari SA has acquired shares in Digital Eclipse  the purchase price of such shares has been paid by way of set-off against the issuance of new Atari SA shares3 Based on a total number of Atari shares  after completion of the share capital increase of 442 362 188 shares.Attachment",neutral,0.07,0.91,0.01,negative,0.01,0.32,0.67,True,English,"['Digital Eclipse', 'Atari', 'acquisition', 'Digital Eclipse Entertainment Partners Co', 'iconic gaming industry brand', 'U.S. Securities Act', 'interactive entertainment producers', 'multi-platform, interactive entertainment', 'iconic consumer brands', 'next ten years', 'OTC Pink Current', 'game development studio', 'classic video games', 'final purchase price', 'Digital Eclipse shareholders', '20,165,794 new ordinary shares', 'Euronext Growth Paris', 'internal development capabilities', 'interactive entertainment company', 'Digital Eclipse capital', 'Atari ordinary shares', 'ordinary Atari shares', 'Atari share capital', 'development capacity', 'FINAL TERMS', '200 unique games', 'world-renowned brands', 'New York', 'digital restoration', 'CAPITAL INCREASE', 'share premium', 'Atari Interactive', 'industry-leading experience', 'proprietary technology', 'world-class IP', 'management expertise', 'initial consideration', 'remaining earn-out', 'future performance', 'par value', 'total subscription', 'nominal amount', '1-year lock-up', 'licensed products', 'Missile Command', 'RollerCoaster Tycoon', 'ISIN Code', 'Ticker ALATA', 'Ticker PONGF', 'Investor Relations', 'Marie Calleux', 'Julia Bridger', 'press release', 'United States', 'public offering', 'securities laws', 'securities mentio', 'closing date', 'other information', 'registration requirements', 'Atari wordmark', 'other jurisdiction', 'Atari®', 'acquisition', 'FRANCE', 'November', 'Emeryville', 'California', 'business', 'access', 'COMPLETION', 'cash1', 'portion', 'issuance', 'majority', 'aggregate', 'generations', 'audiences', 'portfolio', 'franchises', 'Asteroids®', 'Centipede®', 'offices', 'logo', 'trademarks', 'Contacts', 'Tel', 'investisseur', 'sa', 'Calyptus', 'Euroland', 'jbridger', 'elcorp', 'DISCLAIMER', 'distribution', 'jurisdictions', 'persons', 'possession', 'document', 'restriction', 'failure', 'violation', 'territories', 'dependencies', 'solicitation', 'exemption', 'communication', 'respect', '8.00']",2023-11-06,2023-11-07,marketscreener.com
32338,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/MAJOREL-GROUP-LUXEMBOURG--127173176/news/Majorel-Group-Luxembourg-S-A-Net-revenue-growth-excl-COVID-19-related-business-of-8-in-9M-20-45251483/,Majorel Group Luxembourg S.A. : Net revenue growth  excl. COVID-19 related business  of +8% in 9M 2023 -November 06  2023 at 12:16 pm EST,(marketscreener.com) EQS-Ad-hoc: Majorel Group Luxembourg S.A. / Key word: 9 Month figures/9 Month figuresMajorel Group Luxembourg S.A. : Net revenue growth  excl. COVID-19 related business  of +8% in 9M 2023 06-Nov-2023 / 18:15 CET/CESTD…,"EQS-Ad-hoc: Majorel Group Luxembourg S.A. / Key word(s): 9 Month figures/9 Month figuresMajorel Group Luxembourg S.A. : Net revenue growth  excl. COVID-19 related business  of +8% in 9M 202306-Nov-2023 / 18:15 CET/CESTDisclosure of an inside information acc. to Article 17 MAR of the Regulation (EU) No 596/2014  transmitted by EQS News - a service of EQS Group AG.The issuer is solely responsible for the content of this announcement.THIS ANNOUNCEMENT RELATES TO THE DISCLOSURE OF INFORMATION THAT QUALIFIED OR MAY HAVE QUALIFIED AS INSIDE INFORMATION WITHIN THE MEANING OF ARTICLE 7(1) OF THE MARKET ABUSE REGULATION (EU) 596/2014.Net revenue growth  excl. COVID-19 related business[1]  of +8% in 9M 2023Luxembourg  November 6  2023: Majorel Group Luxembourg S.A. (Euronext Amsterdam: MAJ) (“Majorel”  the ‘’Company”)  a global customer experience (CX) leader  today reports on topline results for 9M 2023 and Q3 2023[2].HIGHLIGHTSSolid topline growth in the first 9 months of 2023: Group revenue of €1 604 million  +4% YOY (9M 2022: €1 537 million) and net revenue[3] of €1 591 million  +5% YOY (9M 2022: €1 516 million).Excluding COVID-19 related business  net revenue growth in 9M 2023 of +8% YOY. Like-for-like net revenue growth in 9M 2023[4] of +6% YOY.Group revenue growth was impacted by FX headwinds with -1% YOY[5] (FX impact 9M 2022: +2% YOY).Softening topline demand in Q3 2023  as indicated before: Group revenue in Q3 2023 of €536 million  -2% YOY (Q3 2022: €545 million) and net revenue in Q3 2023 of €532 million  -1% YOY (Q3 2022: €540 million). Excluding COVID-19 related business  net revenue growth in Q3 2023  would be 0% YOY. Like-for-like net revenue growth in Q3 2023[6] of -1% YOY. FX headwinds of -2% YOY 5 impacted group revenue development in Q3 2023 (Q3 2022: +3% YOY).Development across business Segments in 9M 2023: strong net revenue development in EASA (Europe  Africa  and South America) with net revenue of €1 140 (9M 2022: €1 065 million). Like-for-like net revenue4 in EASA in 9M 2023 increased by +9% YOY. GEMS (Global English  Middle East  and Southeast Asia) net revenue was at €355 million (9M 2022: €363 million)  while CEA (China and East Asia) showed a healthy topline development in 9M 2023 with net revenue of €95 million (9M 2022: €88 million)  despite FX headwinds in Q3 2023.Thomas Mackenbrock  CEO of Majorel Group said: “Our assured delivery during 9M 2023 is testimony to the expertise and commitment of our teams worldwide. As indicated before  we saw softening demand  in particular in our GEMS Segment  which has impacted revenue. We are looking forward to embarking on the next stage of our incredible journey as part of the Teleperformance Group.”Revenue  net revenue  and net revenue by business Segment9M 2023 9M 2022 YOY change Q3 2023 Q3 2022 YOY change Revenue €1 604m €1 537m +4% 536m €545m -2% Net revenue €1 591m €1 516m +5% €532m €540m -1% EASA Segment €1 140m €1 065m +7% €376m €362m +4% GEMS Segment €355m €363m -2% €122m €142m -14% CEA Segment €95 €88m +9% €35m €36m -2%Adjusted for the impact of FX  group revenue growth in 9M 2023 was 6%5  with an FX impact on group revenue of -1% YOY (FX impact 9M 2022: +2% YOY).EASA Segment: Europe  Africa  and South AmericaNet revenue from the EASA Segment was €1 140 million in 9M 2023 (9M 2022: €1 065 million). The increase of +7% compared to 9M 2022 included the pro-rata contribution of the acquisitions completed in 2022 (in total accounting for €28 million of net revenue)  partially compensating for the natural ending of COVID-19 related business at the end of 2022 (€45 million net revenue contribution in 9M 2022). Excluding only COVID-19 related business in 9M 2022  net revenue growth in EASA would be +12%.In Q3 2023  like-for-like net revenue in EASA increased by +4%. This growth was mainly driven by existing and new clients in the Global Internet  Energy & Utilities  and BFSI verticals  as well as solid development at our locations in France  Germany  Africa  Eastern Europe  and South America.GEMS Segment: Global English  Middle East  and Southeast AsiaThe healthy growth in the GEMS Segment experienced in previous years has slowed  and in 9M 2023 net revenue was €355 million (9M 2022: €363 million). This was caused by developments in the Global Internet vertical  with positive developments in Southeast Asia and Kenya being offset by softening in demand  particularly in North America.For Q3 2023  we saw negative topline development for our Global Internet clients  in particular in North America.CEA Segment: China and East AsiaThe CEA Segment reported net revenue of €95 million in 9M 2023 (9M 2022: €88 million). The Segment demonstrated a growth rate of +9% YOY  despite the negative influence of the depreciation of the Chinese Yuan to EUR.For Q3 2023  we saw a slight decline in net revenue in China compared to Q3 2022  mainly caused by the above-mentioned impact of the depreciation of Chinese Yuan.BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT UPDATEIn 9M 2023  52% of net revenue was from Global Internet Clients (H1 2023: 52%)  in line with our mid-term target of >50% and including 24% of net revenue from Majorel’s Content Services  Trust & Safety line of business (H1 2023: 24%). Tech & Expert Services represented 9% of net revenue (H1 2023: 9%) and  net revenue from the Telco sector is 8% of net revenues (H1 2023: 8%). Offshore[7]represented 44% of net revenue in 9M 2023 (H1 2023: 43%).Across all our verticals  we continue to work in true partnership with our clients  both new and existing  with deep roots built on mutual trust. In 9M 2023  this resulted in net revenue retention[8] (NRR) of 105%.SUBSEQUENT EVENTSOn November 3  2023  Teleperformance announced the final results of the Offer for Majorel. Teleperformance will  as of the second settlement date  hold approximately 99.91% of Majorel's outstanding share capital. The second settlement will take place on 8 November 2023. Subsequently  Teleperformance announced it will start the procedure to delist the Majorel shares and the last trading date on Euronext Amsterdam is expected to be on 8 December 2023  and listing and trading of the shares will terminate as of 11 December 2023. Therefore  no further Outlook for full year 2023 is included in this announcement.ABOUT MAJORELWe’re a global CX leader. Clients say that our agile culture makes us special  which means that doing business with us is easy. As experts in customer experience management  we’ve seen it all  so we’re able to ensure the reliability our clients need and the care their customers deserve. Our team members love nothing more than to just get things done  secure in the knowledge that we strive to be the best home for their talent. Our spirit is resourceful  resilient  and relentless  and this is what drives us to go further.82 000 team members; 70+ languages; 46 countries; end-to-end CXM; tech-human augmentation; global and local. Majorel: Driven to go further. www.majorel.comCONTACTInvestor RelationsMichèle Negenir@majorel.comMedia RelationsAndrew Slatermedia@majorel.comDISCLAIMERThis announcement is released by Majorel Group Luxembourg S.A. (the “Company” or “Majorel”) and contains information that qualified or may have qualified as inside information for the purposes of Article 7 of the Market Abuse Regulation (EU) 596/2014 (MAR).The Company’s financial information presented in this announcement has been derived from the management accounts of the Company and are not presented in accordance with IFRS. Such financial measures are not measures of financial performance in accordance with IFRS and may exclude items that are significant in understanding and assessing Majorel’s financial results. Therefore  these measures should not be considered in isolation or as an alternative to loss for the period or other measures of profitability  liquidity or performance under IFRS. You should be aware that the presentation of these measures may not be comparable to similarly titled measures used by other companies  which may be defined and calculated differently.This financial information is subject to updating  revision  amendment  verification  correction  completion and change without notice. It does not purport to contain all information required to evaluate the Company or the Majorel group and/or its financial position. The information does not constitute a recommendation regarding any loans or securities of the Company.In providing access to this announcement  neither the Company nor any other person undertakes any obligation to provide you with access to any additional information or to update the information as part of this announcement or to correct any inaccuracies in any such information. No representation  warranty or undertaking  express or implied  is made by the Company or any other person as to  and no reliance should be placed on  the fairness  accuracy  completeness or correctness of the information or the opinions contained therein or any other statement made or purported to be made in connection with the Company or any of the Company’s respective affiliates  for any purpose whatsoever  including but not limited to any investment considerations. In addition  no duty of care or otherwise is owed by the Company or any of the Company’s respective affiliates to recipients of the information within this announcement or any other person in relation to the information.This announcement includes forward looking statements. All statements other than statements of historical or current facts contained in this announcement  including statements regarding the Company’s future results of operations and financial position  industry dynamics  business strategy and plans and its objectives for future operations  are forward looking statements. These statements represent management’s opinions  expectations  assumptions  beliefs  intentions  estimates or strategies regarding the future  which may not be realized. Forward looking statements are often indicated by terms such as ""anticipate "" ""believe "" ""could "" ""estimate "" ""expect "" ""forecast "" ""goal "" ""intend "" ""look forward to "" ""may "" ""plan "" ""potential "" ""predict "" ""project "" ""should "" ""target"" ""will "" ""would"" and/or the negative of these terms or other similar expressions that are intended to identify forward looking statements. The forward looking statements included in this announcement are based largely on Majorel’s current expectations and projections about future events and financial trends that Majorel believes may affect its financial condition  results of operations  business strategy  short-term and long-term business operations and objectives  and financial needs. These forward looking statements involve known and unknown risks  uncertainties and assumptions that are difficult to predict or are beyond Majorel’s control  and actual results may differ materially from those expected or implied as forward looking statements. For a detailed description of these factors and uncertainties  please refer to the “Risk Factors” section of Majorel’s Prospectus  available at https://www.bourse.lu/issuer/MajorelGroupSA/105258. Majorel undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any of these forward looking statements.Moreover  new risks emerge from time to time. It is not possible for the Company’s management to predict all risks  nor can it assess the impact of all factors on Majorel’s business or the extent to which any factor  or combination of factors  may cause actual results to differ from those contained in any forward looking statements. In light of these risks  uncertainties and assumptions  the forward looking events and circumstances discussed in this announcement may not occur and actual results could differ materially and adversely from those anticipated or implied in the forward looking statements. Majorel cautions you therefore against relying on these forward looking statements  and Majorel qualifies all of its forward looking statements by these cautionary statements.The forward looking statements included in this announcement are made only as of the date hereof. Although Majorel believes that the expectations reflected in the forward looking statements are reasonable  it cannot guarantee that the future results  levels of activity  performance or events and circumstances reflected in the forward looking statements will be achieved or occur. Neither Majorel nor any other person assumes responsibility for the accuracy and completeness of the forward looking statements. Moreover  neither Majorel nor any other person undertakes any obligation to update any forward looking statement to reflect events or circumstances after the date of this announcement or otherwise. You should read this announcement with the understanding that Majorel’s actual future results  levels of activity  performance and events and circumstances may materially differ from what Majorel expects.This announcement does not constitute an offer of securities for sale or a solicitation of an offer to purchase the securities described in this announcement in the United States. In particular  any securities referred to in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933 (the Securities Act)  or under the securities laws of any state or other jurisdiction of the United States and may not be offered  sold or delivered  directly or indirectly  in or into the United States except pursuant to an exemption from  or in a transaction not subject to  the registration requirements of the Securities Act and in compliance with any applicable securities laws of any state or other jurisdiction of the United States. There will be no public offering of securities in the United States.NOTES[1] Adjusted for the delta of COVID-19 related business in 9M 2023 versus 9M 2022.[2] All financials are based on preliminary unaudited and non-reviewed management reporting.[3] Net revenue for the Group corresponds to revenues as reported in our management reporting less certain direct  order-related external costs which are part of external expenses and costs of materials and consist mainly of cost of services purchased (subcontracted or outsourced services). Net revenue for each Segment corresponds to the according Segment revenues less certain direct  order-related inter-Segment and external costs. Management reporting data excludes revenues from minor activities (primarily the Sonopress Business) outside Majorel Group’s core business which are reported in the Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Statements (the “Sonopress Business” is defined as certain non-core business activities historically carried out by Arvato de Mexico  S.A. de C.V.  which was wound down in 2021). Management believes that the inclusion of supplementary adjustments to Revenue applied in presenting net revenue are appropriate to provide additional information. Management believes that net revenue is a non-IFRS measure representing a core business growth indicator. For more information on the definitions we refer to the Annual Report FY 2022  Chapter 4  Alternative Performance Measures (APMs).[4] Like-for-like net revenue growth corresponds to net revenue growth year over year  adjusted for certain specific non-recurring items. For 9M 2023 and 9M 2022  adjustments were made for the reduction in COVID-19 related business and the (pro-rata) contributions of first-time consolidated acquisitions – Alembo  Findasense  and IST (excluding the Mayen acquisition already completed in January 2022). Management believes that like-for-like net revenue growth is a non-IFRS measure representing a business growth indicator. For more information on the definitions  we refer to the Annual Report FY 2022  Chapter 4  Alternative Performance Measures (APMs).[5]Change in revenue at constant currency exchange rates is calculated as current year revenue less prior year revenue at current year exchange rates.[6]Like-for-like net revenue growth corresponds to net revenue growth year over year  adjusted for certain specific non-recurring items. For Q3 2023 and Q3 2022  adjustments were made for the reduction in COVID-19 related business and the (pro-rata) contributions of first-time consolidated acquisitions – Alembo  Findasense  and IST (excluding the Mayen acquisition already completed in 9M 2022). Management believes that like-for-like net revenue growth is a non-IFRS measure representing a business growth indicator. For more information on the definitions  we refer to the Annual Report FY 2022  Chapter 4  Alternative Performance Measures (APMs).[7]We define “Offshore” as net revenue from the following countries (even if some local business is included): Armenia  Azerbaijan  Colombia  Costa Rica  Croatia  Egypt  Estonia  Georgia  Ghana  Greece  India  Ivory Coast  Kenya  Lithuania  Malaysia  Mexico  Morocco  North Macedonia  Peru  Philippines  Poland  Portugal  Romania  Senegal  Suriname  Togo  and Turkey.[8]Net revenue retention (NRR) for 9M 2023 is defined as net revenue generated by clients in 9M 2023 divided by net revenue generated by the same cohort of clients in 9M 2022 (excluding Alembo  Findasense  and IST as well as effects from the ending of the COVID-19 related business). Net revenue retention H1 2023 is defined as net revenue generated by clients in H1 2023 divided by net revenue generated by the same cohort of clients in H1 2022 (excluding net revenue contributed by Alembo  Findasense  and IST that were acquired during 2022 and the COVID-19-related business that ended at the end of 2022). For more information on the definitions  we refer to the Annual Report FY 2022  Chapter 4  Alternative Performance Measures (APMs).",neutral,0.03,0.92,0.05,mixed,0.22,0.25,0.53,True,English,"['Majorel Group Luxembourg S.A.', 'Net revenue growth', 'COVID-19 related business', '9M', 'November', '12:16', 'Majorel Group Luxembourg S.A.', 'million net revenue contribution', 'strong net revenue development', 'COVID-19 related business', 'EQS Group AG', 'global customer experience', 'BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT UPDATE', 'Global Internet vertical', 'group revenue development', 'Group revenue growth', 'MARKET ABUSE REGULATION', 'Global Internet clients', 'healthy topline development', 'negative topline development', 'Solid topline growth', 'Net revenue growth', '9M 2023 net revenue', 'The CEA Segment', 'solid development', 'healthy growth', 'Teleperformance Group', '9M 2022 YOY change', 'pro-rata contribution', 'business Segments', 'growth rate', 'new clients', 'topline results', 'Global English', 'EQS News', 'negative influence', 'net revenue4', '9 Month figures', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'first 9 months', 'South America', 'Middle East', 'Southeast Asia', 'Thomas Mackenbrock', 'next stage', 'incredible journey', 'natural ending', 'BFSI verticals', 'previous years', 'North America', 'Chinese Yuan', 'slight decline', 'topline demand', 'FX headwinds', 'GEMS Segment', 'Article 17 MAR', 'positive developments', 'FX impact', 'EASA Segment', 'Eastern Europe', 'inside information', '+8% YOY', '0% YOY', '+3% YOY', '1% YOY', '+9% YOY', '18:15 CET', 'CEST', 'Disclosure', 'service', 'issuer', 'content', 'announcement', 'MEANING', 'Company', 'Q3', 'HIGHLIGHTS', 'Africa', 'China', 'CEO', 'delivery', 'testimony', 'expertise', 'commitment', 'teams', 'softening', 'part', 'increase', 'acquisitions', 'total', 'existing', 'Energy', 'Utilities', 'locations', 'France', 'Germany', 'Kenya', 'depreciation']",2023-11-06,2023-11-07,marketscreener.com
32339,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://wwd.com/home-design/home-decor/italian-e-tailer-giglio-com-launches-home-1235912913/,Italian E-tailer Giglio.com Ventures Into Home,The Palermo-based fashion-e-tailer listed on the Milan Bourse will begin selling home decor and leisure on Monday.,MILAN — Luxury online retailer Giglio.com will kick off the holiday selling season with its new lifestyle section  the company told WWD.In addition to its high-end fashion and accessories  the Palermo  Sicily-based company on Monday will begin selling furnishing accessories  designer tableware  high-tech accessories  textiles  books and magazines from brands like Brunello Cucinelli  Versace Home  Etro Home and others.The retailer said its international customer base amounted to 145 000 shoppers at the end of the first semester this year.In a statement sent to WWD  Giglio said the lifestyle division is key to its larger growth strategy. This year  the company released its new Android and iOS app and signed a partnership with Vestiaire Collective.The retailer  which is publicly listed on Euronext  a regulated market organized and managed by Borsa Italiana  posted sales of 51.1 million euros in 2022  up 35 percent year-over-year.“The diversification towards home decor is the result of a careful market analysis that has revealed how fashion  home decor  and design have synergies and complementarities that target a well-defined category of customers ” said Giglio.com president and chief executive officer Giuseppe Giglio  who hails from the family that started the boutique in the 1960s. Under Giglio SpA  the Giglio family runs six physical boutiques in Palermo.In recent years  peer fashion e-commerce sites have tapped into the potential of interiors: LuisaViaRoma  Ssense  Mytheresa  Net-a-porter and Moda Operandi have all expanded into the home category in recent years.For Giglio.com  growth last year was accomplished across geographies and especially outside Europe. The company generated 70 percent of its sales abroad  with non-European countries representing 50 percent of its total revenues. The U.S. and the Middle East  as well as Japan and South Korea  are among the best-performing areas  increasing in the double- and triple-digit range. For instance  business in the U.S. jumped 40 percent  only partially dented by a contraction in consumer confidence in the last quarter of the year  while South Korea and Taiwan increased 66 percent and 80 percent  respectively.In 2022  the company improved its international user experience  debuting Korean and Japanese versions of its website. “The Far East is where our youngest clients are concentrated  they are real  digital-savvy Gen Z-ers embracing our platform via mobile and app ” Giglio said at the time.In July 2022  it also debuted a Liquid blockchain-based bitcoin used as a token for loyalty programs geared at those geographies.,neutral,0.04,0.95,0.01,neutral,0.06,0.91,0.03,True,English,"['Italian E-tailer Giglio', 'Ventures', 'Home', 'real, digital-savvy Gen Z-ers', 'peer fashion e-commerce sites', 'holiday selling season', 'international customer base', 'chief executive officer', 'six physical boutiques', 'international user experience', 'Liquid blockchain-based bitcoin', 'careful market analysis', 'The Far East', 'new lifestyle section', 'larger growth strategy', 'The U.S.', 'Luxury online retailer', 'Giglio.com president', 'lifestyle division', 'new Android', 'regulated market', 'Middle East', 'high-end fashion', 'designer tableware', 'Brunello Cucinelli', 'Versace Home', 'Etro Home', 'first semester', 'Vestiaire Collective', 'Borsa Italiana', '51.1 million euros', 'home decor', 'recent years', 'Moda Operandi', 'European countries', 'total revenues', 'South Korea', 'performing areas', 'triple-digit range', 'consumer confidence', 'last quarter', 'Japanese versions', 'youngest clients', 'loyalty programs', 'Giuseppe Giglio', 'Giglio SpA', 'furnishing accessories', 'high-tech accessories', 'iOS app', 'home category', 'Giglio family', 'Sicily-based company', 'MILAN', 'WWD', 'addition', 'Monday', 'textiles', 'books', 'magazines', 'brands', 'others', '145,000 shoppers', 'statement', 'partnership', 'Euronext', 'sales', 'diversification', 'result', 'synergies', 'complementarities', 'defined', 'customers', '1960s', 'Palermo', 'potential', 'interiors', 'LuisaViaRoma', 'Ssense', 'Mytheresa', 'Net-a-porter', 'geographies', '70 percent', '50 percent', 'instance', 'business', 'contraction', 'Taiwan', '80 percent', 'Korean', 'website', 'platform', 'mobile', 'time', 'July', 'token', '2022']",2023-11-06,2023-11-07,wwd.com
32340,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/11/06/2774563/0/en/Cellectis-Reports-Financial-Results-for-Third-Quarter-and-First-Nine-Months-2023.html,Cellectis Reports Financial Results for Third Quarter and First Nine Months 2023,•  Strategic Collaboration and Investment Agreements signed with AstraZeneca  Updated results of the Phase I BALLI-01 Trial evaluating UCART22 in r/r......,"• Strategic Collaboration and Investment Agreements signed with AstraZenecaUpdated results of the Phase I BALLI-01 Trial evaluating UCART22 in r/r B-cell ALL and preliminary results of the Phase I NATHALI-01 Trial evaluating UCART20x22 in r/r B-cell NHL to be presented at ASH 65 th Annual meeting.Annual meeting. Clinical trials ongoing: BALLI-01 (evaluating UCART22)  NATHALI-01 (evaluating UCART20x22) and AMELI-01 (evaluating UCART123) studies for patients with r/r B-cell ALL  r/r B-cell NHL and r/r AML  respectively.Preclinical data on HSPC gene therapy and a comprehensive analysis of TALE-BE editing determinants presented at ESGCT 2023 30 th annual congress.annual congress. Preclinical data on Multi-armored Allogeneic MUC1-CAR T-cells targeting Triple-Negative Breast at SITC 2023 annual event.Cash position of $72 1 million as of September 30  2023. Cash runway into 2026 including Initial AstraZeneca Investment and Potential Additional AstraZeneca Investment.million as of September 30  2023. Cash runway into 2026 including Initial AstraZeneca Investment and Potential Additional AstraZeneca Investment. Conference call scheduled for 8.00am ET / 2.00 pm CET on November 7  2023NEW YORK  Nov. 06  2023 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Cellectis (the “Company”) (Euronext Growth: ALCLS - NASDAQ: CLLS)  a clinical-stage biotechnology company using its pioneering gene editing platform to develop life-saving cell and gene therapies  today provided business updates and financial results for the nine-month period ending September 30  2023.On November 1st 2023  Cellectis and AstraZeneca Holdings B.V. (“AstraZeneca”) entered into a joint research collaboration agreement (the “Collaboration Agreement”)  pursuant to which AstraZeneca makes an upfront payment of $25 million  an investment agreement relating to an initial equity investment of $80 million (the “Initial Investment Agreement”) and a non-binding memorandum of understanding relating to an additional equity investment subject to conditions set forth in the MOU of $140 millions (the “MOU”).This research collaboration will leverage Cellectis’ gene editing technologies and manufacturing capabilities to accelerate the development of next-generation therapeutics in areas of high unmet need  including oncology  immunology and rare diseases. Cellectis has exclusively reserved 25 genetic targets for AstraZeneca  from which up to 10 novel candidate products could be explored for development. Cellectis’ clinical-stage assets  UCART22  UCART123 and UCART20x22 will remain under Cellectis’ ownership and control.Pipeline HighlightsUCART Clinical Development ProgramsBALLI-01 (evaluating UCART22) in relapsed or refractory B-cell acute lymphoblastic leukemia (r/r B-ALL)Cellectis will present a poster at the ASH Annual Meeting with updated results of the Phase I BALLI-01 Trial of UCART22 (P2)  an anti-CD22 allogeneic CAR T- cell product manufactured in-house  in patients with relapsed or refractory (r/r) CD22+ B-Cell acute lymphoblastic leukemia (B-ALL).The poster presentation highlights the following data:In vitro comparability studies suggested that UCART22 process 2 (P2) (manufactured in-house) is more potent than UCART22 process 1 (P1) (manufactured by an external CDMO)  and as of July 1 st   2023  3 patients were enrolled into the first UCART22 P2 cohort at dose level 2 (1 million cells/kg).  2023  3 patients were enrolled into the first UCART22 P2 cohort at dose level 2 (1 million cells/kg). UCART22 P2 was administered after fludarabine  cyclophosphamide  and alemtuzumab (FCA) lymphodepletion and was well tolerated. No DLTs or ICANS was observed  and the CRS observed was Grade 1 or 2.There was a higher preliminary response rate (67%) at dose level 2 with one million cells/kg with UCART22 P2 compared to 50% response rate with a dose 5 times higher at dose level 3 of UCART22 P1 that was manufactured by an external CDMO.UCART22 expansion was observed in the responding patients and correlated with increases in serum cytokines and inflammatory markers.The study continues to enroll patients at dose level 2i (2.5 million cells/kg) with UCART22 P2.NATHALI-01 (evaluating UCART20x22) in relapsed or refractory B-cell non-Hodgkin lymphoma (r/r B-NHL)Cellectis will present a poster at the ASH Annual Meeting with the initial preliminary results from the NATHALI-01 trial (NCT05607420)  a Phase 1/2a dose-finding and expansion study evaluating UCART20x22 in r/r B-cell NHL.The poster presentation highlights the following data:As of July 1 st   2023  3 patients were enrolled and treated at dose level 1 (50 million cells). Cytokine release syndrome (CRS) Grade 1 or 2 occurred in all patients  and all CRS resolved with treatment. No immune effector cell associated neurotoxicity (ICANS) or graft versus host disease (GvHD) was observed. There were no UCART20x22 dose limiting toxicities (DLTs)  and there was 1 DLT in connection with CLLS52 (alemtuzumab).  2023  3 patients were enrolled and treated at dose level 1 (50 million cells). Cytokine release syndrome (CRS) Grade 1 or 2 occurred in all patients  and all CRS resolved with treatment. No immune effector cell associated neurotoxicity (ICANS) or graft versus host disease (GvHD) was observed. There were no UCART20x22 dose limiting toxicities (DLTs)  and there was 1 DLT in connection with CLLS52 (alemtuzumab). All patients responded at Day 28  with 1 partial metabolic response and 2 complete metabolic responses in patients who had failed prior autologous CD19 CAR T-cell therapies.UCART20x22 expansion correlated with increases in serum cytokine and inflammatory marker levels as well as with CRS.These initial data support the continued study of UCART20x22 in r/r B-cell NHL.AMELI-01 (evaluating UCART123) in relapsed or refractory acute myeloid leukemia (r/r AML)UCART123 is an allogeneic CAR T-cell product candidate targeting CD123 and is being evaluated in patients with r/r AML in the AMELI-01 Phase 1 dose-escalation clinical study.The AMELI-01 study is currently enrolling patients after FCA lymphodepletion in a two-dose regimen arm.Research Data & Preclinical ProgramsCellectis announced the publication of a new research paper in Molecular Therapy – Methods & Clinical Development  demonstrating the efficacy of its TALEN-mediated gene correction of mutated PIK3CD gene in Activated phosphoinositide 3-kinase delta syndrome 1 (APDS1) T-cells.Cellectis presented encouraging data on gene editing process using TALEN ® -based gene editing platform  to overcome the challenges of the “cold” tumor microenvironment in a poster at the CICON 2023 (CRI-ENCI-AACR 7 th International Cancer Immunotherapy Conference).-based gene editing platform  to overcome the challenges of the “cold” tumor microenvironment in a poster at the CICON 2023 (CRI-ENCI-AACR 7 International Cancer Immunotherapy Conference). Cellectis presented preclinical data on MUC1-CAR T-cells to overcome key challenges of targeting solid tumors in a poster session at the Society for Immunotherapy of Cancer’s 38 th Annual Meeting (SITC 2023).Annual Meeting (SITC 2023). Cellectis presented preclinical data on its program of gene therapy for HSPC at the European Society of Gene and Cell Therapy (ESGCT) 30th annual congress.Cellectis presented a comprehensive analysis of TALE-BE editing determinants at the European Society of gene and Cell Therapy (ESGST) 30th annual congress.Licensed Allogeneic CAR T-cell Development ProgramsAllogene Therapeutics  Inc.’s CAR T programs utilize Cellectis technologies. ALLO-501 and ALLO-501A are anti-CD19 products that were jointly developed under a collaboration agreement between Les Laboratoires Servier (“Servier”) and Allogene Therapeutics  Inc. (“Allogene”) until 15 December 2022 based on an exclusive license granted by Cellectis to Servier2. Servier grants to Allogene exclusive rights to ALLO-501 and ALLO-501A in the U.S.  Allogene continues the development for this territory while Servier retains exclusive rights for all other countries. Allogene’s anti-CD70 and anti-Claudin18.2 programs are licensed exclusively from Cellectis to Allogene and Allogene holds global development and commercial rights to these programs.Servier and Allogene: anti-CD19 programsAllogene announced that its ALPHA2 study will enroll approximately 100 patients who have received at least two prior lines of therapy and have not received prior anti-CD19 therapy.Allogene announced it will have two poster presentations from the ALPHA/ALPHA2 trials focused on lymphodepletion in allogeneic cell therapy at ASH 2023. The first poster is a comprehensive safety review of all 85 patients treated in the Phase 1 ALPHA/ALPHA2 studies in relapsed/refractory (r/r) Large B Cell Lymphoma (LBCL) and follicular lymphoma (FL) to characterize the overall safety profile when ALLO-647 is added to standard lymphodepletion. The second poster showcases translational results from ALPHA2 generated through a collaboration with MD Anderson Cancer Center. This study compared expansion kinetics among 11 allogeneic CAR T recipients treated with the ALLO-501A product candidate in the ALPHA2 trial. According to Allogene  this study revealed the impact of recipient alloreactive CD8+ T cells in allogeneic CAR T rejection and the results of this study could help define strategies to improve allogeneic CAR T expansion  persistence and efficacy.Allogene: anti-CD70 and anti-Claudin18.2 programsAllogene announced that the Phase 1 dose escalation TRAVERSE trial in patients with advanced or metastatic renal cell carcinoma (RCC) who have progressed on standard therapies including an immune checkpoint inhibitor and a VEGF-targeting therapy is ongoing.Allogene announced that SITC 2023 will include a review of research which provided early validation of ALLO-182  an AlloCAR T candidate currently in the IND-enabling phase of development targeting Claudin18.2 for the treatment of patients with gastric and pancreatic cancers.Corporate UpdatesStrategic Collaboration and Investment Agreements with AstraZenecaUnder the terms of the Collaboration Agreement  AstraZeneca will leverage Cellectis’ proprietary gene editing technologies and manufacturing capabilities to design novel cell and gene therapy candidate products. As part of the Collaboration Agreement  25 genetic targets have been exclusively reserved for AstraZeneca  from which up to 10 candidate products could be explored for development. AstraZeneca will have an option for a worldwide exclusive license on the candidate products  to be exercised before IND filing. Cellectis’ clinical-stage assets  UCART22  UCART123 and UCART20x22 will remain under Cellectis’ ownership and control.Pursuant to the Collaboration Agreement  Cellectis’ research costs under the collaboration will be funded by AstraZeneca and Cellectis will receive an upfront payment of $25 million. Under the terms of the Collaboration Agreement  Cellectis is also eligible to receive an investigational new drug (IND) option fee and development  regulatory and sales-related milestone payments  ranging from $70 million up to $220 million  per each of the 10 candidate products  plus tiered royalties.As a condition to the signing of the Collaboration Agreement  AstraZeneca has agreed to make an initial equity investment of $80 million in Cellectis by subscribing for 16 000 000 ordinary shares  at a price of $5.00 per share (the “Initial Investment”). The new shares are issued to AstraZeneca by the board of directors of Cellectis pursuant to the 17th resolution of Cellectis’ shareholders meeting held on June 27  2023. Following settlement and delivery of the new shares (expected to be on November 6  2023)  AstraZeneca will own approximately 22% of the share capital  and 21% of the voting rights of the Company  will have the right to nominate a non-voting observer on the board of directors of Cellectis  and will have the right to participate pro rata in Cellectis’s future share offerings.Additionally  the MOU contemplates that AstraZeneca will make a potential further equity investment in Cellectis of $140 million by subscribing for two newly created classes of convertible preferred shares of Cellectis: 10 000 000 “class A” convertible preferred shares and 18 000 000 “class B” convertible preferred shares  in each case at a price of $5.00 per share (the “Additional Investment”). Until they convert into ordinary shares  the “class A"" convertible preferred shares would have single voting rights and would not carry any double voting right at any moment  and the “class B” would carry no voting rights except on any distribution of dividends or reserves. Both class of preferred shares would enjoy a liquidation preference (if any liquidation surplus remains after repayment of Cellectis’ creditors and of par value to all shareholders) and would be convertible into the same number of ordinary shares with the same rights as the outstanding ordinary shares. The MOU is non-binding and the Additional Investment remains to be confirmed by both parties following a consultation process with Cellectis’ works council. If confirmed  the closing of the Additional Investment will remain subject to (i) Cellectis’ shareholders’ approval at a two-thirds majority of the votes cast by voting shareholders  (ii) clearance of such investment from the French Ministry of Economy according to the foreign direct investment French regulations  and (iii) other customary closing conditions. Immediately following the Additional Investment  it is anticipated that AstraZeneca would own approximately 44% of the share capital of the Company and 30% of the voting rights of the Company (based on the number of voting rights outstanding immediately after the completion of the Initial Investment) and would have the right to nominate two directors to the board of directors of Cellectis. Further  certain business decisions are subject to AstraZeneca’s approval  including  in particular  winding up any company of the Cellectis group  issuing securities senior to or pari passu with the convertible preferred shares or any shares without offering AstraZeneca the option to purchase its pro rata share of such securities (subject to customary exceptions  including issuances under employee equity incentive plans)  declaring or paying dividends  prepaying indebtedness before due  and disposing of any material assets concerning gene editing tools or manufacturing facilities and selling  assigning  licensing  encumbering or otherwise disposing of certain material IP rights.Financial ResultsThe interim condensed consolidated financial statements of Cellectis  have been prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards  as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board (“IFRS”).On January 13  2023  Calyxt  Cibus Global LLC (Cibus) and certain other parties named therein  entered into an Agreement and Plan of Merger (the “Merger Agreement”)  pursuant to which  subject to the terms and conditions thereof  Calyxt and Cibus will merge in an all-stock transaction (the “Calyxt Merger”). As a consequence of the foregoing  Calyxt met the “held-for-sale” criteria specified in IFRS 5 and was classified as a discontinued operation until May 31  2023.On June 1  2023  Calyxt and Cibus closed the merger transaction and now operate under the name Cibus  Inc. Consequently  Calyxt was deconsolidated and Calyxt's cash  cash equivalent and restricted cash are no longer included in the Group's cash  cash equivalent and restricted cash since June 1  2023.As from June 1  2023 and the deconsolidation of Calyxt  which corresponded to the Plants operating segment  we view our operations and manage our business in a single operating and reportable segment corresponding to the Therapeutics segment. For this reason  we are no longer presenting financial measures broken down between our two reportable segments - Therapeutics and Plants. The results of Calyxt until the date of deconsolidation are isolated under “Income (loss) from discontinued operations” in the appendices of this Q3 2023 financial results press release.Cash: As of September 30  2023  Cellectis  had $72 million in consolidated cash  cash equivalents  and restricted cash. This compares to $95 million in consolidated cash  cash equivalents and restricted cash as of December 31  2022. This $23 million difference mainly reflects $79 million of cash out  which include $23 million for R&D suppliers  $12 million for SG&A suppliers  $32 million for staff costs  $8 million for rents and taxes  $4 millions of reimbursement of the “PGE” loan  and a $2 million unfavorable impact on Forex partially offset by a $23 million net cash inflow from the capital raise closed in February  a $21 million net cash inflow from EIB loan  a $6 million of net cash received from research tax credit prefinancing  a $1 million cash inflow related to the grant and refundable advance from BPI  $3 millions of financial investments’ capital gain and interests  a $1 million reimbursement of social charges paid on stock options  and a $2 million net cash inflow from licenses and other cash receipts.With cash and cash equivalents of $67.4 million as of September 30  2023  our anticipated borrowing of €15.0 million under Tranche B of the €40.0 million Finance Contract with EIB and the $105 million from AstraZeneca's agreements  the Company believes it has sufficient resources to continue operating for at least twelve months following the consolidated financial statements’ publication. Additionally  the MOU contemplates that AstraZeneca will make a potential further equity investment in Cellectis of $140M by subscribing for two newly created classes of convertible preferred shares of Cellectis (the “Additional Investment”). The MOU is non-binding and the Additional Investment remains to be confirmed by both parties following a consultation process with Cellectis’ works council. If confirmed  the closing of the Additional Investment will remain subject to (i) Cellectis’ shareholders’ approval at a two-thirds majority of the votes cast by voting shareholders  (ii) clearance of such investment from the French Ministry of Economy according to the foreign direct investment French regulations  and (iii) other customary closing conditions.With cash and cash equivalents of $67.4 million as of September 30  2023  our anticipated borrowing of €15.0 million under Tranche B of the €40.0 million Finance Contract with EIB and the $105 million from AstraZeneca's payments under the Collaboration Agreement and the Initial Investment Agreement  the Company believes it has sufficient resources to continue operating until Q2 2025. Concurrent with the potential additional $140 million  we expect that the Company would extend its cash runway into 2026.Revenues and Other Income: Consolidated revenues and other income were $7.2 million for the nine months ended September 30  2023 compared to $8.4 million for the nine months ended September 30  2022. The decrease of $1.0 million reflects the recognition of two milestones related to Cellectis’ agreement with Cytovia for $1.5 million in 2022 and a milestone of $1.0 million with another partner while recognition of revenues in 2023 is not material  and partially offset by the increase of the research tax credit for $0.6 million and the partial recognition of a grant signed with “BPI” of $0.8 million.R&D Expenses: Consolidated R&D expenses were $62.1 million for the nine months ended September 30  2023  compared to $76.1 million for the nine months ended September 30  2022. The $13.9 million decrease was primarily attributable to (i) a $8.9 million decrease in personal expenses due to departures not replaced and decrease in stock-based compensation expenses consecutive to the non-achievement of certain performance obligations of October 2020 free shares plan (ii) a $5.0 million decrease in purchases  external expenses and other (from $41.4 million in 2022 to $36.4 million in 2023) mainly due to continuing internalization of our manufacturing and quality activities to support our R&D pipeline.SG&A Expenses: Consolidated SG&A expenses were $12.1 million for the nine months ended September 30  2023  compared to $15.8 million for the nine months ended September 30  2022. The $3.7 million decrease primarily reflects (i) a $2.4 million decrease in purchases  external expenses and (from $9.5 million in 2022 to $7.1 million in 2023) mainly explained by the implementation of our ERP in 2022 (ii) a $1.3 million decrease in personal expenses and non-cash stock-based compensation expenses.Net financial gain (loss): Consolidated net financial gain was $14.9 million for the nine months ended September 30  2023  compared to 11.0 million for the nine months ended September 30  2022. The $3.9 million increase primarily reflects (i) a $22.8 million increase of financial income  mainly attributable to the profit from Calyxt’s deconsolidation  partially offset by (ii) the loss in fair value on our retained investment in Calyxt since deconsolidation for $6.2 million  (iii) a $7.9 million decrease in the net value of Cytovia’s note receivable.Net income (loss) from discontinued operations: Pursuant to Calyxt deconsolidation income from discontinued operation for the nine-month period ended September 30  2023  2023 only include five months of activity. The $2.2 million decrease in net loss from discontinued operations between the nine-month periods ended September 30  2022 and 2023 is primarily driven by Calyxt's $5.7M net loss in the third quarter of 2022 compared with $0 in the third quarter of 2023 as Calyxt was deconsolidated  partially offset by a 3.5M$ increase in the net loss over the first two quarters between 2022 and 2023. This $3.5M increase breaks down as follows: (i) an increase of $9.2 million of net financial loss and (ii) an increase of $1.5 million of other operating expenses  partially offset by (i) a decrease of $2.8 million of R&D expenses (from $6.3 million in 2022 to $3.5 million in 2023) and (ii) a decrease of $4.5 million of SG&A expenses (from $6.8 million in 2022 to $2.3 million in 2023).Net Income (loss) Attributable to Shareholders of Cellectis: The consolidated net loss attributable to shareholders of Cellectis was $58.2 million (or $1.07 per share) for the nine months ended September 30  2023  of which $53.2 million was attributed to Cellectis continuing operations  compared to $79.3 million (or $1.74 per share) for the nine months ended September 30  2022  of which $72.9 million was attributed to Cellectis continuing operations. This $21.1 million decrease in net loss between the first nine months of 2023 and 2022 was primarily driven by (i) a $13.9 million decrease of R&D expenses  (ii) a $3.7 million decrease of SG&A expense  (iii) an increase of $3.9 million of the financial gain due to the deconsolidation of Calyxt compensated in part by the decrease of fair value of Cytovia’s note receivable and  (iv) a decrease of $2.2 million of loss from discontinued operations attributable to Shareholders of Cellectis. These downward impacts on the net loss were partially offset by (i) a decrease of $1.2 million of revenues and other income.Adjusted Net Income (Loss) Attributable to Shareholders of Cellectis: The consolidated adjusted net loss attributable to shareholders of Cellectis was $56.8 million (or $1.05 per share) for the nine months ended September 30  2023  compared to a net loss of $72.1 million (or $1.58 per share) for the nine months ended September 30  2022.Please see ""Note Regarding Use of Non-IFRS Financial Measures"" for reconciliation of GAAP net income (loss) attributable to shareholders of Cellectis to adjusted net income (loss) attributable to shareholders of Cellectis.We currently foresee focusing our cash spending at Cellectis for 2023 in the following areas:Supporting the development of our pipeline of product candidates  including the manufacturing and clinical trial expenses of UCART123  UCART22  UCART 20x22 and potential new product candidates;Operating our state-of-the-art manufacturing capabilities in Paris (France)  and Raleigh (North Carolina  USA); andContinuing to strengthen our manufacturing and clinical departments.CELLECTIS S.A.STATEMENT OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL POSITION (unaudited)($ in thousands) As of December 31  2022 September 30  2023 ASSETS Non-current assets Intangible assets 718 662 Property  plant  and equipment 63 621 56 774 Right-of-use assets 44 275 39 146 Non-current financial assets 8 791 16 624 Total non-current assets 117 406 113 205 Current assets Trade receivables 772 393 Subsidies receivables 14 496 20 255 Other current assets 9 078 8 488 Cash and cash equivalent and Current financial assets 97 697 67 358 Total current assets 122 043 96 494 Total assets held for sale 21 768 0 TOTAL ASSETS 261 216 209 700 LIABILITIES Shareholders’ equity Share capital 2 955 3 492 Premiums related to the share capital 583 122 473 325 Currency translation adjustment (28 605 ) (37 505 ) Retained earnings (333 365 ) (304 994 ) Net income (loss) (106 139 ) (58 197 ) Total shareholders’ equity - Group Share 117 968 76 123 Non-controlling interests 7 973 0 Total shareholders’ equity 125 941 76 123 Non-current liabilities Non-current financial liabilities 20 531 43 248 Non-current lease debts 49 358 43 816 Non-current provisions 2 390 2 560 Total non-current liabilities 72 279 89 625 Current liabilities Current financial liabilities 5 088 5 058 Current lease debts 7 872 8 203 Trade payables 21 456 20 476 Deferred revenues and deferred income 59 117 Current provisions 477 946 Other current liabilities 13 179 9 153 Total current liabilities 48 131 43 953 Total liabilities related to asset held for sale 14 864 0 TOTAL LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS’ EQUITY 261 216 209 700Cellectis S.A.UNAUDITED STATEMENTS OF CONSOLIDATED OPERATIONSFor the three-month period ended September 30  2023$ in thousands  except per share amounts For the three-month period endedSeptember 30  2022 * 2023 Revenues and other income Revenues 175 155 Other income 1 704 1 489 Total revenues and other income 1 879 1 644 Operating expenses Cost of revenue (367 ) (181 ) Research and development expenses (23 837 ) (18 894 ) Selling  general and administrative expenses (4 903 ) (3 227 ) Other operating income (expenses) (125 ) (12 ) Total operating expenses (29 233 ) (22 314 ) Operating income (loss) (27 353 ) (20 671 ) Financial gain (loss) 1 807 3 295 Income tax 0 (106 ) Income (loss) from continuing operations (25 548 ) (17 482 ) Income (loss) from discontinued operations (5 718 ) 0 Net income (loss) (31 265 ) (17 482 ) Attributable to shareholders of Cellectis (28 467 ) (17 482 ) Attributable to non-controlling interests (2 798 ) (0 ) Basic net income (loss) attributable to shareholders of Cellectis  per share ($/share) (0.63 ) (0.31 ) Diluted net income (loss) attributable to shareholders of Cellectis  per share ($/share) (0.63 ) (0.31 ) Basic net income (loss) attributable to shareholders of Cellectis from discontinued operations  per share ($ /share) (0.06 ) 0.00 Diluted net income (loss) attributable to shareholders of Cellectis from discontinued operations  per share ($ /share) (0.06 ) 0.00 * These amounts reflect adjustments made in connection with the presentation of the discontinued operationCellectis S.A.UNAUDITED STATEMENTS OF CONSOLIDATED OPERATIONSFor the nine-month period ended September  2023$ in thousands  except per share amounts For the nine-month period endedSeptember 30  2022 * 2023 Revenues and other income Revenues 3 147 472 Other income 5 255 6 731 Total revenues and other income 8 402 7 .203 Operating expenses Cost of revenue (1 081 ) (570 ) Research and development expenses (76 067 ) (62 119 ) Selling  general and administrative expenses (15 797 ) (12 141 ) Other operating income (expenses) 649 (96 ) Total operating expenses (92 297 ) (74 926 ) Operating income (loss) (83 894 ) (67 723 ) Financial gain (loss) 11 019 14 875 Income tax 0 (365 ) Income (loss) from continuing operations (72 875 ) (53 213 ) Income (loss) from discontinued operations (12 601 ) (10 377 ) Net income (loss) (85 476 ) (63 590 ) Attributable to shareholders of Cellectis (79 326 ) (58 197 ) Attributable to non-controlling interests (6 150 ) (5 393 ) Basic net income (loss) attributable to shareholders of Cellectis  per share ($/share) (1.74 ) (1.07 ) Diluted net income (loss) attributable to shareholders of Cellectis  per share ($/share) (1.74 ) (1.07 ) Basic net income (loss) attributable to shareholders of Cellectis from discontinued operations  per share ($ /share) (0.14 ) (0.09 ) Diluted net income (loss) attributable to shareholders of Cellectis from discontinued operations  per share ($ /share) (0.14 ) (0.09 ) * These amounts reflect adjustments made in connection with the presentation of the discontinued operationNote Regarding Use of Non-IFRS Financial MeasuresCellectis S.A. presents adjusted net income (loss) attributable to shareholders of Cellectis in this press release. Adjusted net income (loss) attributable to shareholders of Cellectis is not a measure calculated in accordance with IFRS. We have included in this press release a reconciliation of this figure to net income (loss) attributable to shareholders of Cellectis  which is the most directly comparable financial measure calculated in accordance with IFRS. Because adjusted net income (loss) attributable to shareholders of Cellectis excludes Non-cash stock-based compensation expense—a non-cash expense  we believe that this financial measure  when considered together with our IFRS financial statements  can enhance an overall understanding of Cellectis’ financial performance. Moreover  our management views the Company’s operations  and manages its business  based  in part  on this financial measure. In particular  we believe that the elimination of Non-cash stock-based expenses from Net income (loss) attributable to shareholders of Cellectis can provide a useful measure for period-to-period comparisons of our core businesses. Our use of adjusted net income (loss) attributable to shareholders of Cellectis has limitations as an analytical tool  and you should not consider it in isolation or as a substitute for analysis of our financial results as reported under IFRS. Some of these limitations are: (a) other companies  including companies in our industry which use similar stock-based compensation  may address the impact of Non-cash stock- based compensation expense differently; and (b) other companies may report adjusted net income (loss) attributable to shareholders or similarly titled measures but calculate them differently  which reduces their usefulness as a comparative measure. Because of these and other limitations  you should consider adjusted net income (loss) attributable to shareholders of Cellectis alongside our IFRS financial results  including Net income (loss) attributable to shareholders of CellectisRECONCILIATION OF IFRS TO NON-IFRS NET INCOMEFor the three-month period ended September 30  2023(unaudited) - ($ in thousands except per share data) For the three-month period endedSeptember 30  2022 * 2023 Net income (loss) attributable to shareholders of Cellectis (28 467 ) (17 482 ) Adjustment:Non-cash stock-based compensation expense attributable to shareholders of Cellectis 1 880 (2 653 ) Adjusted net income (loss) attributable to shareholders of Cellectis (26 587 ) (20 135 ) Basic adjusted net income (loss) attributable to shareholders of Cellectis ($/share) (0.58 ) (0.37 ) Basic adjusted net income (loss) attributable to shareholders of Cellectis from discontinued operations ($ /share) (0.05 ) 0.00 Weighted average number of outstanding shares  basic (units) 45 540 315 55.583.768 Diluted adjusted net income (loss) attributable to shareholders of Cellectis ($/share) (0.58 ) (0.36 ) Diluted adjusted net income (loss) attributable to shareholders of Cellectis from discontinued operations ($/share) (0.05 ) 0.00 Weighted average number of outstanding shares  diluted (units) 45 540 315 55.583.768 *These amounts reflect adjustments made in connection with the presentation of the discontinued operationRECONCILIATION OF IFRS TO NON-IFRS NET INCOME (unaudited)For the nine-month period ended September 30  2023($ in thousands  except per share data) For the nine-month period endedSeptember 30  2022 * 2023 Net income (loss) attributable to shareholders of Cellectis (79 326 ) (58 197 ) Adjustment:Non-cash stock-based compensation expense attributable to shareholders of Cellectis 7 211 1 400 Adjusted net income (loss) attributable to shareholders of Cellectis (72 115 ) (56 797 ) Basic adjusted net income (loss) attributable to shareholders of Cellectis ($/share) (1.58 ) (1.05 ) Basic adjusted net income (loss) attributable to shareholders of Cellectis from discontinued operations ($ /share) (0.11 ) (0.08 ) Weighted average number of outstanding shares  basic (units) 45 511 626 54 231 943 Diluted adjusted net income (loss) attributable to shareholders of Cellectis ($/share) (1.58 ) (1.05 ) Diluted adjusted net income (loss) attributable to shareholders of Cellectis from discontinued operations ($/share) (0.11 ) (0.08 ) Weighted average number of outstanding shares  diluted (units) 45 511 626 54 231 943 *These amounts reflect adjustments made in connection with the presentation of the discontinued operationAbout CellectisCellectis is a clinical-stage biotechnology company using its pioneering gene-editing platform to develop life-saving cell and gene therapies. Cellectis utilizes an allogeneic approach for CAR-T immunotherapies in oncology  pioneering the concept of off-the-shelf and ready-to-use gene-edited CAR T-cells to treat cancer patients  and a platform to make therapeutic gene editing in hemopoietic stem cells for various diseases. As a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company with over 23 years of experience and expertise in gene editing  Cellectis is developing life-changing product candidates utilizing TALEN®  its gene editing technology  and PulseAgile  its pioneering electroporation system to harness the power of the immune system in order to treat diseases with unmet medical needs. Cellectis’ headquarters are in Paris  France  with locations in New York  New York and Raleigh  North Carolina. Cellectis is listed on the Nasdaq Global Market (ticker: CLLS) and on Euronext Growth (ticker: ALCLS).Forward-looking StatementsThis press release contains “forward-looking” statements within the meaning of applicable securities laws  including the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements may be identified by words such as “anticipate”  “expect”  “plan”  “could”  “will ” “accelerate ” “suggest ” “eligible ” “encouraging”  “believe”  subject to ” “potential ” “up to ” and “may” or the negative of these and similar expressions. These forward-looking statements  which are based on our management’s current expectations and assumptions and on information currently available to management  including information provided or otherwise publicly reported by our licensed partners. Forward-looking statements include statements about the potential payments for which Cellectis is eligible under the Collaboration Agreement; the possible size of the proposed equity investment by AstraZeneca  the preliminary results for the NATHALI-01 and BALLI-01 clinical trials and the objectives of such trials  which remain ongoing; the ability to progress our clinical trials and to present any additional data from these trials; clinical outcomes from our clinical trials  which may materially change as more patient data becomes available  potential benefits of our UCART product candidates  the operational capabilities at our manufacturing facilities  and the sufficiency of cash to fund our operations. These forward-looking statements are made in light of information currently available to us and are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties  including (i) the numerous risks associated with biopharmaceutical product candidate development  (ii) with respect to the AstraZeneca agreements  the risk that conditions to closing  including necessary regulatory approvals  are not satisfied in a timely manner or at all; the risks arising from Cellectis’s reliance on AstraZeneca to conduct certain development and commercialization activities  including the potential for disagreements or disputes under the Collaboration Agreement; the risk that AstraZeneca may exercise its discretion in a manner that limits the resources contributed toward the development of certain projects under the Collaboration Agreement or may exercise its faculty to terminate without cause the Agreement; the risk that subsequent studies and ongoing or future clinical trials may not generate favorable data; and the risk that the Company may not be able to secure additional capital on attractive terms  if at all  and (iii) our cash runway  our operating plans  including product development plans  may change as a result of various factors  including factors currently unknown to us. Furthermore  many other important factors  including those described in our Annual Report on Form 20-F and the financial report (including the management report) for the year ended December 31  2022 and subsequent filings Cellectis makes with the Securities Exchange Commission from time to time  as well as other known and unknown risks and uncertainties may adversely affect such forward-looking statements and cause our actual results  performance or achievements to be materially different from those expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. Except as required by law  we assume no obligation to update these forward-looking statements publicly  or to update the reasons why actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in the forward-looking statements  even if new information becomes available in the future.For further information on Cellectis  please contact:Media contact:Patricia Sosa Navarro  Chief of Staff to the CEO  +33 (0)7 76 77 46 93  media@cellectis.comInvestor Relations contacts:Arthur Stril  Chief Business Officer  +1 (347) 809 5980  investors@cellectis.comAshley R. Robinson  LifeSci Advisors  +1 617 430 75771 Cash position includes cash  cash equivalents and restricted cash. Restricted cash was $5 million as of September 30  2023.2 Servier is a global independent pharmaceutical group.Attachment",neutral,0.03,0.97,0.01,mixed,0.32,0.37,0.31,True,English,"['First Nine Months', 'Cellectis Reports', 'Financial Results', 'Third Quarter', 'anti-CD22 allogeneic CAR T- cell product', 'up to 10 novel candidate products', 'CD22+ B-Cell acute lymphoblastic leukemia', 'refractory B-cell acute lymphoblastic leukemia', 'Multi-armored Allogeneic MUC1-CAR T-cells', 'Phase I BALLI-01 Trial', 'pioneering gene editing platform', 'refractory B-cell non-Hodgkin lymphoma', 'AstraZeneca Holdings B.V.', 'ESGCT 2023 30 th annual congress', 'Phase I NATHALI-01 Trial', 'ASH 65 th Annual meeting', 'Potential Additional AstraZeneca Investment', 'UCART Clinical Development Programs', 'higher preliminary response rate', 'first UCART22 P2 cohort', 'Cellectis’ gene editing technologies', 'joint research collaboration agreement', 'UCART20x22 dose limiting toxicities', 'Phase 1/2a dose-finding', 'TALE-BE editing determinants', 'additional equity investment', 'immune effector cell', 'ASH Annual Meeting', 'HSPC gene therapy', 'r B-cell NHL', 'SITC 2023 annual event', 'initial equity investment', 'high unmet need', 'Cytokine release syndrome', 'r B-cell ALL', 'Initial Investment Agreement', 'Initial AstraZeneca Investment', 'clinical-stage biotechnology company', 'vitro comparability studies', 'initial preliminary results', 'Cellectis’ clinical-stage assets', 'one million cells', 'dose level 2i', '50% response rate', 'life-saving cell', 'gene therapies', 'Investment Agreements', 'Clinical trials', '2.5 million cells', 'Strategic Collaboration', 'Preclinical data', 'comprehensive analysis', 'Triple-Negative Breast', 'Cash position', 'Cash runway', 'Conference call', 'NEW YORK', 'GLOBE NEWSWIRE', 'Euronext Growth', 'business updates', 'nine-month period', 'upfront payment', 'binding memorandum', 'manufacturing capabilities', 'next-generation therapeutics', 'rare diseases', '25 genetic targets', 'Pipeline Highlights', 'following data', 'external CDMO', 'serum cytokines', 'inflammatory markers', 'host disease', 'UCART22 process', 'UCART22 P1', 'UCART22 expansion', 'financial results', 'Cellectis’ ownership', 'November 1st', 'poster presentation', 'expansion study', 'July 1 st', 'responding patients', '3 patients', 'AMELI-01', 'UCART123', 'AML', 'September', '8.00am', 'ALCLS', 'NASDAQ', 'CLLS', 'understanding', 'conditions', 'MOU', 'areas', 'oncology', 'immunology', 'control', 'B-ALL', 'updated', 'house', 'fludarabine', 'cyclophosphamide', 'alemtuzumab', 'DLTs', 'ICANS', 'CRS', 'Grade', 'increases', 'B-NHL', 'treatment', 'neurotoxicity', 'graft', 'GvHD', '1 DLT', 'connection', '2.00']",2023-11-06,2023-11-07,globenewswire.com
32341,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/CELLECTIS-S-A-42457/news/Cellectis-Reports-Financial-Results-for-Third-Quarter-and-First-Nine-Months-2023-45252973/,Cellectis Reports Financial Results for Third Quarter and First Nine Months 2023 -November 06  2023 at 04:31 pm EST,(marketscreener.com)      For the three-month period endedSeptember 30   2022 * 2023     Net income attributable to shareholders of Cellectis   Adjustment: Non-cash stock-based compensation expense attributable to shareholders of Cellectis 1 880  Adjusted net…,"• Strategic Collaboration and Investment Agreements signed with AstraZenecaUpdated results of the Phase I BALLI-01 Trial evaluating UCART22 in r/r B-cell ALL and preliminary results of the Phase I NATHALI-01 Trial evaluating UCART20x22 in r/r B-cell NHL to be presented at ASH 65 th Annual meeting.Annual meeting. Clinical trials ongoing: BALLI-01 (evaluating UCART22)  NATHALI-01 (evaluating UCART20x22) and AMELI-01 (evaluating UCART123) studies for patients with r/r B-cell ALL  r/r B-cell NHL and r/r AML  respectively.Preclinical data on HSPC gene therapy and a comprehensive analysis of TALE-BE editing determinants presented at ESGCT 2023 30 th annual congress.annual congress. Preclinical data on Multi-armored Allogeneic MUC1-CAR T-cells targeting Triple-Negative Breast at SITC 2023 annual event.Cash position of $72 1 million as of September 30  2023. Cash runway into 2026 including Initial AstraZeneca Investment and Potential Additional AstraZeneca Investment.million as of September 30  2023. Cash runway into 2026 including Initial AstraZeneca Investment and Potential Additional AstraZeneca Investment. Conference call scheduled for 8.00am ET / 2.00 pm CET on November 7  2023NEW YORK  Nov. 06  2023 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Cellectis (the “Company”) (Euronext Growth: ALCLS - NASDAQ: CLLS)  a clinical-stage biotechnology company using its pioneering gene editing platform to develop life-saving cell and gene therapies  today provided business updates and financial results for the nine-month period ending September 30  2023.On November 1st 2023  Cellectis and AstraZeneca Holdings B.V. (“AstraZeneca”) entered into a joint research collaboration agreement (the “Collaboration Agreement”)  pursuant to which AstraZeneca makes an upfront payment of $25 million  an investment agreement relating to an initial equity investment of $80 million (the “Initial Investment Agreement”) and a non-binding memorandum of understanding relating to an additional equity investment subject to conditions set forth in the MOU of $140 millions (the “MOU”).This research collaboration will leverage Cellectis’ gene editing technologies and manufacturing capabilities to accelerate the development of next-generation therapeutics in areas of high unmet need  including oncology  immunology and rare diseases. Cellectis has exclusively reserved 25 genetic targets for AstraZeneca  from which up to 10 novel candidate products could be explored for development. Cellectis’ clinical-stage assets  UCART22  UCART123 and UCART20x22 will remain under Cellectis’ ownership and control.Pipeline HighlightsUCART Clinical Development ProgramsBALLI-01 (evaluating UCART22) in relapsed or refractory B-cell acute lymphoblastic leukemia (r/r B-ALL)Cellectis will present a poster at the ASH Annual Meeting with updated results of the Phase I BALLI-01 Trial of UCART22 (P2)  an anti-CD22 allogeneic CAR T- cell product manufactured in-house  in patients with relapsed or refractory (r/r) CD22+ B-Cell acute lymphoblastic leukemia (B-ALL).The poster presentation highlights the following data:In vitro comparability studies suggested that UCART22 process 2 (P2) (manufactured in-house) is more potent than UCART22 process 1 (P1) (manufactured by an external CDMO)  and as of July 1 st   2023  3 patients were enrolled into the first UCART22 P2 cohort at dose level 2 (1 million cells/kg).  2023  3 patients were enrolled into the first UCART22 P2 cohort at dose level 2 (1 million cells/kg). UCART22 P2 was administered after fludarabine  cyclophosphamide  and alemtuzumab (FCA) lymphodepletion and was well tolerated. No DLTs or ICANS was observed  and the CRS observed was Grade 1 or 2.There was a higher preliminary response rate (67%) at dose level 2 with one million cells/kg with UCART22 P2 compared to 50% response rate with a dose 5 times higher at dose level 3 of UCART22 P1 that was manufactured by an external CDMO.UCART22 expansion was observed in the responding patients and correlated with increases in serum cytokines and inflammatory markers.The study continues to enroll patients at dose level 2i (2.5 million cells/kg) with UCART22 P2.NATHALI-01 (evaluating UCART20x22) in relapsed or refractory B-cell non-Hodgkin lymphoma (r/r B-NHL)Cellectis will present a poster at the ASH Annual Meeting with the initial preliminary results from the NATHALI-01 trial (NCT05607420)  a Phase 1/2a dose-finding and expansion study evaluating UCART20x22 in r/r B-cell NHL.The poster presentation highlights the following data:As of July 1 st   2023  3 patients were enrolled and treated at dose level 1 (50 million cells). Cytokine release syndrome (CRS) Grade 1 or 2 occurred in all patients  and all CRS resolved with treatment. No immune effector cell associated neurotoxicity (ICANS) or graft versus host disease (GvHD) was observed. There were no UCART20x22 dose limiting toxicities (DLTs)  and there was 1 DLT in connection with CLLS52 (alemtuzumab).  2023  3 patients were enrolled and treated at dose level 1 (50 million cells). Cytokine release syndrome (CRS) Grade 1 or 2 occurred in all patients  and all CRS resolved with treatment. No immune effector cell associated neurotoxicity (ICANS) or graft versus host disease (GvHD) was observed. There were no UCART20x22 dose limiting toxicities (DLTs)  and there was 1 DLT in connection with CLLS52 (alemtuzumab). All patients responded at Day 28  with 1 partial metabolic response and 2 complete metabolic responses in patients who had failed prior autologous CD19 CAR T-cell therapies.UCART20x22 expansion correlated with increases in serum cytokine and inflammatory marker levels as well as with CRS.These initial data support the continued study of UCART20x22 in r/r B-cell NHL.AMELI-01 (evaluating UCART123) in relapsed or refractory acute myeloid leukemia (r/r AML)UCART123 is an allogeneic CAR T-cell product candidate targeting CD123 and is being evaluated in patients with r/r AML in the AMELI-01 Phase 1 dose-escalation clinical study.The AMELI-01 study is currently enrolling patients after FCA lymphodepletion in a two-dose regimen arm.Research Data & Preclinical ProgramsCellectis announced the publication of a new research paper in Molecular Therapy – Methods & Clinical Development  demonstrating the efficacy of its TALEN-mediated gene correction of mutated PIK3CD gene in Activated phosphoinositide 3-kinase delta syndrome 1 (APDS1) T-cells.in Molecular Therapy – Methods & Clinical Development  demonstrating the efficacy of its TALEN-mediated gene correction of mutated PIK3CD gene in Activated phosphoinositide 3-kinase delta syndrome 1 (APDS1) T-cells. Cellectis presented encouraging data on gene editing process using TALEN ® -based gene editing platform  to overcome the challenges of the “cold” tumor microenvironment in a poster at the CICON 2023 (CRI-ENCI-AACR 7 th International Cancer Immunotherapy Conference).-based gene editing platform  to overcome the challenges of the “cold” tumor microenvironment in a at the CICON 2023 (CRI-ENCI-AACR 7 International Cancer Immunotherapy Conference). Cellectis presented preclinical data on MUC1-CAR T-cells to overcome key challenges of targeting solid tumors in a poster session at the Society for Immunotherapy of Cancer’s 38 th Annual Meeting (SITC 2023).session at the Society for Immunotherapy of Cancer’s 38 Annual Meeting (SITC 2023). Cellectis presented preclinical data on its program of gene therapy for HSPC at the European Society of Gene and Cell Therapy ( ESGCT ) 30th annual congress.at the European Society of Gene and Cell Therapy ( ) 30th annual congress. Cellectis presented a comprehensive analysis of TALE-BE editing determinants at the European Society of gene and Cell Therapy (ESGST) 30th annual congress.Licensed Allogeneic CAR T-cell Development ProgramsAllogene Therapeutics  Inc.’s CAR T programs utilize Cellectis technologies. ALLO-501 and ALLO-501A are anti-CD19 products that were jointly developed under a collaboration agreement between Les Laboratoires Servier (“Servier”) and Allogene Therapeutics  Inc. (“Allogene”) until 15 December 2022 based on an exclusive license granted by Cellectis to Servier2. Servier grants to Allogene exclusive rights to ALLO-501 and ALLO-501A in the U.S.  Allogene continues the development for this territory while Servier retains exclusive rights for all other countries. Allogene’s anti-CD70 and anti-Claudin18.2 programs are licensed exclusively from Cellectis to Allogene and Allogene holds global development and commercial rights to these programs.Servier and Allogene: anti-CD19 programsAllogene announced that its ALPHA2 study will enroll approximately 100 patients who have received at least two prior lines of therapy and have not received prior anti-CD19 therapy.Allogene announced it will have two poster presentations from the ALPHA/ALPHA2 trials focused on lymphodepletion in allogeneic cell therapy at ASH 2023. The first poster is a comprehensive safety review of all 85 patients treated in the Phase 1 ALPHA/ALPHA2 studies in relapsed/refractory (r/r) Large B Cell Lymphoma (LBCL) and follicular lymphoma (FL) to characterize the overall safety profile when ALLO-647 is added to standard lymphodepletion. The second poster showcases translational results from ALPHA2 generated through a collaboration with MD Anderson Cancer Center. This study compared expansion kinetics among 11 allogeneic CAR T recipients treated with the ALLO-501A product candidate in the ALPHA2 trial. According to Allogene  this study revealed the impact of recipient alloreactive CD8+ T cells in allogeneic CAR T rejection and the results of this study could help define strategies to improve allogeneic CAR T expansion  persistence and efficacy.Allogene: anti-CD70 and anti-Claudin18.2 programsAllogene announced that the Phase 1 dose escalation TRAVERSE trial in patients with advanced or metastatic renal cell carcinoma (RCC) who have progressed on standard therapies including an immune checkpoint inhibitor and a VEGF-targeting therapy is ongoing.Allogene announced that SITC 2023 will include a review of research which provided early validation of ALLO-182  an AlloCAR T candidate currently in the IND-enabling phase of development targeting Claudin18.2 for the treatment of patients with gastric and pancreatic cancers.Corporate UpdatesStrategic Collaboration and Investment Agreements with AstraZenecaUnder the terms of the Collaboration Agreement  AstraZeneca will leverage Cellectis’ proprietary gene editing technologies and manufacturing capabilities to design novel cell and gene therapy candidate products. As part of the Collaboration Agreement  25 genetic targets have been exclusively reserved for AstraZeneca  from which up to 10 candidate products could be explored for development. AstraZeneca will have an option for a worldwide exclusive license on the candidate products  to be exercised before IND filing. Cellectis’ clinical-stage assets  UCART22  UCART123 and UCART20x22 will remain under Cellectis’ ownership and control.Pursuant to the Collaboration Agreement  Cellectis’ research costs under the collaboration will be funded by AstraZeneca and Cellectis will receive an upfront payment of $25 million. Under the terms of the Collaboration Agreement  Cellectis is also eligible to receive an investigational new drug (IND) option fee and development  regulatory and sales-related milestone payments  ranging from $70 million up to $220 million  per each of the 10 candidate products  plus tiered royalties.As a condition to the signing of the Collaboration Agreement  AstraZeneca has agreed to make an initial equity investment of $80 million in Cellectis by subscribing for 16 000 000 ordinary shares  at a price of $5.00 per share (the “Initial Investment”). The new shares are issued to AstraZeneca by the board of directors of Cellectis pursuant to the 17th resolution of Cellectis’ shareholders meeting held on June 27  2023. Following settlement and delivery of the new shares (expected to be on November 6  2023)  AstraZeneca will own approximately 22% of the share capital  and 21% of the voting rights of the Company  will have the right to nominate a non-voting observer on the board of directors of Cellectis  and will have the right to participate pro rata in Cellectis’s future share offerings.Additionally  the MOU contemplates that AstraZeneca will make a potential further equity investment in Cellectis of $140 million by subscribing for two newly created classes of convertible preferred shares of Cellectis: 10 000 000 “class A” convertible preferred shares and 18 000 000 “class B” convertible preferred shares  in each case at a price of $5.00 per share (the “Additional Investment”). Until they convert into ordinary shares  the “class A"" convertible preferred shares would have single voting rights and would not carry any double voting right at any moment  and the “class B” would carry no voting rights except on any distribution of dividends or reserves. Both class of preferred shares would enjoy a liquidation preference (if any liquidation surplus remains after repayment of Cellectis’ creditors and of par value to all shareholders) and would be convertible into the same number of ordinary shares with the same rights as the outstanding ordinary shares. The MOU is non-binding and the Additional Investment remains to be confirmed by both parties following a consultation process with Cellectis’ works council. If confirmed  the closing of the Additional Investment will remain subject to (i) Cellectis’ shareholders’ approval at a two-thirds majority of the votes cast by voting shareholders  (ii) clearance of such investment from the French Ministry of Economy according to the foreign direct investment French regulations  and (iii) other customary closing conditions. Immediately following the Additional Investment  it is anticipated that AstraZeneca would own approximately 44% of the share capital of the Company and 30% of the voting rights of the Company (based on the number of voting rights outstanding immediately after the completion of the Initial Investment) and would have the right to nominate two directors to the board of directors of Cellectis. Further  certain business decisions are subject to AstraZeneca’s approval  including  in particular  winding up any company of the Cellectis group  issuing securities senior to or pari passu with the convertible preferred shares or any shares without offering AstraZeneca the option to purchase its pro rata share of such securities (subject to customary exceptions  including issuances under employee equity incentive plans)  declaring or paying dividends  prepaying indebtedness before due  and disposing of any material assets concerning gene editing tools or manufacturing facilities and selling  assigning  licensing  encumbering or otherwise disposing of certain material IP rights.Financial ResultsThe interim condensed consolidated financial statements of Cellectis  have been prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards  as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board (“IFRS”).On January 13  2023  Calyxt  Cibus Global LLC (Cibus) and certain other parties named therein  entered into an Agreement and Plan of Merger (the “Merger Agreement”)  pursuant to which  subject to the terms and conditions thereof  Calyxt and Cibus will merge in an all-stock transaction (the “Calyxt Merger”). As a consequence of the foregoing  Calyxt met the “held-for-sale” criteria specified in IFRS 5 and was classified as a discontinued operation until May 31  2023.On June 1  2023  Calyxt and Cibus closed the merger transaction and now operate under the name Cibus  Inc. Consequently  Calyxt was deconsolidated and Calyxt's cash  cash equivalent and restricted cash are no longer included in the Group's cash  cash equivalent and restricted cash since June 1  2023.As from June 1  2023 and the deconsolidation of Calyxt  which corresponded to the Plants operating segment  we view our operations and manage our business in a single operating and reportable segment corresponding to the Therapeutics segment. For this reason  we are no longer presenting financial measures broken down between our two reportable segments - Therapeutics and Plants. The results of Calyxt until the date of deconsolidation are isolated under “Income (loss) from discontinued operations” in the appendices of this Q3 2023 financial results press release.Cash: As of September 30  2023  Cellectis  had $72 million in consolidated cash  cash equivalents  and restricted cash. This compares to $95 million in consolidated cash  cash equivalents and restricted cash as of December 31  2022. This $23 million difference mainly reflects $79 million of cash out  which include $23 million for R&D suppliers  $12 million for SG&A suppliers  $32 million for staff costs  $8 million for rents and taxes  $4 millions of reimbursement of the “PGE” loan  and a $2 million unfavorable impact on Forex partially offset by a $23 million net cash inflow from the capital raise closed in February  a $21 million net cash inflow from EIB loan  a $6 million of net cash received from research tax credit prefinancing  a $1 million cash inflow related to the grant and refundable advance from BPI  $3 millions of financial investments’ capital gain and interests  a $1 million reimbursement of social charges paid on stock options  and a $2 million net cash inflow from licenses and other cash receipts.With cash and cash equivalents of $67.4 million as of September 30  2023  our anticipated borrowing of €15.0 million under Tranche B of the €40.0 million Finance Contract with EIB and the $105 million from AstraZeneca's agreements  the Company believes it has sufficient resources to continue operating for at least twelve months following the consolidated financial statements’ publication. Additionally  the MOU contemplates that AstraZeneca will make a potential further equity investment in Cellectis of $140M by subscribing for two newly created classes of convertible preferred shares of Cellectis (the “Additional Investment”). The MOU is non-binding and the Additional Investment remains to be confirmed by both parties following a consultation process with Cellectis’ works council. If confirmed  the closing of the Additional Investment will remain subject to (i) Cellectis’ shareholders’ approval at a two-thirds majority of the votes cast by voting shareholders  (ii) clearance of such investment from the French Ministry of Economy according to the foreign direct investment French regulations  and (iii) other customary closing conditions.With cash and cash equivalents of $67.4 million as of September 30  2023  our anticipated borrowing of €15.0 million under Tranche B of the €40.0 million Finance Contract with EIB and the $105 million from AstraZeneca's payments under the Collaboration Agreement and the Initial Investment Agreement  the Company believes it has sufficient resources to continue operating until Q2 2025. Concurrent with the potential additional $140 million  we expect that the Company would extend its cash runway into 2026.Revenues and Other Income: Consolidated revenues and other income were $7.2 million for the nine months ended September 30  2023 compared to $8.4 million for the nine months ended September 30  2022. The decrease of $1.0 million reflects the recognition of two milestones related to Cellectis’ agreement with Cytovia for $1.5 million in 2022 and a milestone of $1.0 million with another partner while recognition of revenues in 2023 is not material  and partially offset by the increase of the research tax credit for $0.6 million and the partial recognition of a grant signed with “BPI” of $0.8 million.R&D Expenses: Consolidated R&D expenses were $62.1 million for the nine months ended September 30  2023  compared to $76.1 million for the nine months ended September 30  2022. The $13.9 million decrease was primarily attributable to (i) a $8.9 million decrease in personal expenses due to departures not replaced and decrease in stock-based compensation expenses consecutive to the non-achievement of certain performance obligations of October 2020 free shares plan (ii) a $5.0 million decrease in purchases  external expenses and other (from $41.4 million in 2022 to $36.4 million in 2023) mainly due to continuing internalization of our manufacturing and quality activities to support our R&D pipeline.SG&A Expenses: Consolidated SG&A expenses were $12.1 million for the nine months ended September 30  2023  compared to $15.8 million for the nine months ended September 30  2022. The $3.7 million decrease primarily reflects (i) a $2.4 million decrease in purchases  external expenses and (from $9.5 million in 2022 to $7.1 million in 2023) mainly explained by the implementation of our ERP in 2022 (ii) a $1.3 million decrease in personal expenses and non-cash stock-based compensation expenses.Net financial gain (loss): Consolidated net financial gain was $14.9 million for the nine months ended September 30  2023  compared to 11.0 million for the nine months ended September 30  2022. The $3.9 million increase primarily reflects (i) a $22.8 million increase of financial income  mainly attributable to the profit from Calyxt’s deconsolidation  partially offset by (ii) the loss in fair value on our retained investment in Calyxt since deconsolidation for $6.2 million  (iii) a $7.9 million decrease in the net value of Cytovia’s note receivable.Net income (loss) from discontinued operations: Pursuant to Calyxt deconsolidation income from discontinued operation for the nine-month period ended September 30  2023  2023 only include five months of activity. The $2.2 million decrease in net loss from discontinued operations between the nine-month periods ended September 30  2022 and 2023 is primarily driven by Calyxt's $5.7M net loss in the third quarter of 2022 compared with $0 in the third quarter of 2023 as Calyxt was deconsolidated  partially offset by a 3.5M$ increase in the net loss over the first two quarters between 2022 and 2023. This $3.5M increase breaks down as follows: (i) an increase of $9.2 million of net financial loss and (ii) an increase of $1.5 million of other operating expenses  partially offset by (i) a decrease of $2.8 million of R&D expenses (from $6.3 million in 2022 to $3.5 million in 2023) and (ii) a decrease of $4.5 million of SG&A expenses (from $6.8 million in 2022 to $2.3 million in 2023).Net Income (loss) Attributable to Shareholders of Cellectis: The consolidated net loss attributable to shareholders of Cellectis was $58.2 million (or $1.07 per share) for the nine months ended September 30  2023  of which $53.2 million was attributed to Cellectis continuing operations  compared to $79.3 million (or $1.74 per share) for the nine months ended September 30  2022  of which $72.9 million was attributed to Cellectis continuing operations. This $21.1 million decrease in net loss between the first nine months of 2023 and 2022 was primarily driven by (i) a $13.9 million decrease of R&D expenses  (ii) a $3.7 million decrease of SG&A expense  (iii) an increase of $3.9 million of the financial gain due to the deconsolidation of Calyxt compensated in part by the decrease of fair value of Cytovia’s note receivable and  (iv) a decrease of $2.2 million of loss from discontinued operations attributable to Shareholders of Cellectis. These downward impacts on the net loss were partially offset by (i) a decrease of $1.2 million of revenues and other income.Adjusted Net Income (Loss) Attributable to Shareholders of Cellectis: The consolidated adjusted net loss attributable to shareholders of Cellectis was $56.8 million (or $1.05 per share) for the nine months ended September 30  2023  compared to a net loss of $72.1 million (or $1.58 per share) for the nine months ended September 30  2022.Please see ""Note Regarding Use of Non-IFRS Financial Measures"" for reconciliation of GAAP net income (loss) attributable to shareholders of Cellectis to adjusted net income (loss) attributable to shareholders of Cellectis.We currently foresee focusing our cash spending at Cellectis for 2023 in the following areas:Supporting the development of our pipeline of product candidates  including the manufacturing and clinical trial expenses of UCART123  UCART22  UCART 20x22 and potential new product candidates;Operating our state-of-the-art manufacturing capabilities in Paris (France)  and Raleigh (North Carolina  USA); andContinuing to strengthen our manufacturing and clinical departments.CELLECTIS S.A.STATEMENT OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL POSITION (unaudited)($ in thousands) As of December 31  2022 September 30  2023 ASSETS Non-current assets Intangible assets 718 662 Property  plant  and equipment 63 621 56 774 Right-of-use assets 44 275 39 146 Non-current financial assets 8 791 16 624 Total non-current assets 117 406 113 205 Current assets Trade receivables 772 393 Subsidies receivables 14 496 20 255 Other current assets 9 078 8 488 Cash and cash equivalent and Current financial assets 97 697 67 358 Total current assets 122 043 96 494 Total assets held for sale 21 768 0 TOTAL ASSETS 261 216 209 700 LIABILITIES Shareholders’ equity Share capital 2 955 3 492 Premiums related to the share capital 583 122 473 325 Currency translation adjustment (28 605 ) (37 505 ) Retained earnings (333 365 ) (304 994 ) Net income (loss) (106 139 ) (58 197 ) Total shareholders’ equity - Group Share 117 968 76 123 Non-controlling interests 7 973 0 Total shareholders’ equity 125 941 76 123 Non-current liabilities Non-current financial liabilities 20 531 43 248 Non-current lease debts 49 358 43 816 Non-current provisions 2 390 2 560 Total non-current liabilities 72 279 89 625 Current liabilities Current financial liabilities 5 088 5 058 Current lease debts 7 872 8 203 Trade payables 21 456 20 476 Deferred revenues and deferred income 59 117 Current provisions 477 946 Other current liabilities 13 179 9 153 Total current liabilities 48 131 43 953 Total liabilities related to asset held for sale 14 864 0 TOTAL LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS’ EQUITY 261 216 209 700Cellectis S.A.UNAUDITED STATEMENTS OF CONSOLIDATED OPERATIONSFor the three-month period ended September 30  2023$ in thousands  except per share amounts For the three-month period endedSeptember 30  2022 * 2023 Revenues and other income Revenues 175 155 Other income 1 704 1 489 Total revenues and other income 1 879 1 644 Operating expenses Cost of revenue (367 ) (181 ) Research and development expenses (23 837 ) (18 894 ) Selling  general and administrative expenses (4 903 ) (3 227 ) Other operating income (expenses) (125 ) (12 ) Total operating expenses (29 233 ) (22 314 ) Operating income (loss) (27 353 ) (20 671 ) Financial gain (loss) 1 807 3 295 Income tax 0 (106 ) Income (loss) from continuing operations (25 548 ) (17 482 ) Income (loss) from discontinued operations (5 718 ) 0 Net income (loss) (31 265 ) (17 482 ) Attributable to shareholders of Cellectis (28 467 ) (17 482 ) Attributable to non-controlling interests (2 798 ) (0 ) Basic net income (loss) attributable to shareholders of Cellectis  per share ($/share) (0.63 ) (0.31 ) Diluted net income (loss) attributable to shareholders of Cellectis  per share ($/share) (0.63 ) (0.31 ) Basic net income (loss) attributable to shareholders of Cellectis from discontinued operations  per share ($ /share) (0.06 ) 0.00 Diluted net income (loss) attributable to shareholders of Cellectis from discontinued operations  per share ($ /share) (0.06 ) 0.00 * These amounts reflect adjustments made in connection with the presentation of the discontinued operationCellectis S.A.UNAUDITED STATEMENTS OF CONSOLIDATED OPERATIONSFor the nine-month period ended September  2023$ in thousands  except per share amounts For the nine-month period endedSeptember 30  2022 * 2023 Revenues and other income Revenues 3 147 472 Other income 5 255 6 731 Total revenues and other income 8 402 7 .203 Operating expenses Cost of revenue (1 081 ) (570 ) Research and development expenses (76 067 ) (62 119 ) Selling  general and administrative expenses (15 797 ) (12 141 ) Other operating income (expenses) 649 (96 ) Total operating expenses (92 297 ) (74 926 ) Operating income (loss) (83 894 ) (67 723 ) Financial gain (loss) 11 019 14 875 Income tax 0 (365 ) Income (loss) from continuing operations (72 875 ) (53 213 ) Income (loss) from discontinued operations (12 601 ) (10 377 ) Net income (loss) (85 476 ) (63 590 ) Attributable to shareholders of Cellectis (79 326 ) (58 197 ) Attributable to non-controlling interests (6 150 ) (5 393 ) Basic net income (loss) attributable to shareholders of Cellectis  per share ($/share) (1.74 ) (1.07 ) Diluted net income (loss) attributable to shareholders of Cellectis  per share ($/share) (1.74 ) (1.07 ) Basic net income (loss) attributable to shareholders of Cellectis from discontinued operations  per share ($ /share) (0.14 ) (0.09 ) Diluted net income (loss) attributable to shareholders of Cellectis from discontinued operations  per share ($ /share) (0.14 ) (0.09 ) * These amounts reflect adjustments made in connection with the presentation of the discontinued operationNote Regarding Use of Non-IFRS Financial MeasuresCellectis S.A. presents adjusted net income (loss) attributable to shareholders of Cellectis in this press release. Adjusted net income (loss) attributable to shareholders of Cellectis is not a measure calculated in accordance with IFRS. We have included in this press release a reconciliation of this figure to net income (loss) attributable to shareholders of Cellectis  which is the most directly comparable financial measure calculated in accordance with IFRS. Because adjusted net income (loss) attributable to shareholders of Cellectis excludes Non-cash stock-based compensation expense—a non-cash expense  we believe that this financial measure  when considered together with our IFRS financial statements  can enhance an overall understanding of Cellectis’ financial performance. Moreover  our management views the Company’s operations  and manages its business  based  in part  on this financial measure. In particular  we believe that the elimination of Non-cash stock-based expenses from Net income (loss) attributable to shareholders of Cellectis can provide a useful measure for period-to-period comparisons of our core businesses. Our use of adjusted net income (loss) attributable to shareholders of Cellectis has limitations as an analytical tool  and you should not consider it in isolation or as a substitute for analysis of our financial results as reported under IFRS. Some of these limitations are: (a) other companies  including companies in our industry which use similar stock-based compensation  may address the impact of Non-cash stock- based compensation expense differently; and (b) other companies may report adjusted net income (loss) attributable to shareholders or similarly titled measures but calculate them differently  which reduces their usefulness as a comparative measure. Because of these and other limitations  you should consider adjusted net income (loss) attributable to shareholders of Cellectis alongside our IFRS financial results  including Net income (loss) attributable to shareholders of CellectisRECONCILIATION OF IFRS TO NON-IFRS NET INCOMEFor the three-month period ended September 30  2023(unaudited) - ($ in thousands except per share data) For the three-month period endedSeptember 30  2022 * 2023 Net income (loss) attributable to shareholders of Cellectis (28 467 ) (17 482 ) Adjustment:Non-cash stock-based compensation expense attributable to shareholders of Cellectis 1 880 (2 653 ) Adjusted net income (loss) attributable to shareholders of Cellectis (26 587 ) (20 135 ) Basic adjusted net income (loss) attributable to shareholders of Cellectis ($/share) (0.58 ) (0.37 ) Basic adjusted net income (loss) attributable to shareholders of Cellectis from discontinued operations ($ /share) (0.05 ) 0.00 Weighted average number of outstanding shares  basic (units) 45 540 315 55.583.768 Diluted adjusted net income (loss) attributable to shareholders of Cellectis ($/share) (0.58 ) (0.36 ) Diluted adjusted net income (loss) attributable to shareholders of Cellectis from discontinued operations ($/share) (0.05 ) 0.00 Weighted average number of outstanding shares  diluted (units) 45 540 315 55.583.768 *These amounts reflect adjustments made in connection with the presentation of the discontinued operationRECONCILIATION OF IFRS TO NON-IFRS NET INCOME (unaudited)For the nine-month period ended September 30  2023($ in thousands  except per share data) For the nine-month period endedSeptember 30  2022 * 2023 Net income (loss) attributable to shareholders of Cellectis (79 326 ) (58 197 ) Adjustment:Non-cash stock-based compensation expense attributable to shareholders of Cellectis 7 211 1 400 Adjusted net income (loss) attributable to shareholders of Cellectis (72 115 ) (56 797 ) Basic adjusted net income (loss) attributable to shareholders of Cellectis ($/share) (1.58 ) (1.05 ) Basic adjusted net income (loss) attributable to shareholders of Cellectis from discontinued operations ($ /share) (0.11 ) (0.08 ) Weighted average number of outstanding shares  basic (units) 45 511 626 54 231 943 Diluted adjusted net income (loss) attributable to shareholders of Cellectis ($/share) (1.58 ) (1.05 ) Diluted adjusted net income (loss) attributable to shareholders of Cellectis from discontinued operations ($/share) (0.11 ) (0.08 ) Weighted average number of outstanding shares  diluted (units) 45 511 626 54 231 943 *These amounts reflect adjustments made in connection with the presentation of the discontinued operationAbout CellectisCellectis is a clinical-stage biotechnology company using its pioneering gene-editing platform to develop life-saving cell and gene therapies. Cellectis utilizes an allogeneic approach for CAR-T immunotherapies in oncology  pioneering the concept of off-the-shelf and ready-to-use gene-edited CAR T-cells to treat cancer patients  and a platform to make therapeutic gene editing in hemopoietic stem cells for various diseases. As a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company with over 23 years of experience and expertise in gene editing  Cellectis is developing life-changing product candidates utilizing TALEN®  its gene editing technology  and PulseAgile  its pioneering electroporation system to harness the power of the immune system in order to treat diseases with unmet medical needs. Cellectis’ headquarters are in Paris  France  with locations in New York  New York and Raleigh  North Carolina. Cellectis is listed on the Nasdaq Global Market (ticker: CLLS) and on Euronext Growth (ticker: ALCLS).Forward-looking StatementsThis press release contains “forward-looking” statements within the meaning of applicable securities laws  including the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements may be identified by words such as “anticipate”  “expect”  “plan”  “could”  “will ” “accelerate ” “suggest ” “eligible ” “encouraging”  “believe”  subject to ” “potential ” “up to ” and “may” or the negative of these and similar expressions. These forward-looking statements  which are based on our management’s current expectations and assumptions and on information currently available to management  including information provided or otherwise publicly reported by our licensed partners. Forward-looking statements include statements about the potential payments for which Cellectis is eligible under the Collaboration Agreement; the possible size of the proposed equity investment by AstraZeneca  the preliminary results for the NATHALI-01 and BALLI-01 clinical trials and the objectives of such trials  which remain ongoing; the ability to progress our clinical trials and to present any additional data from these trials; clinical outcomes from our clinical trials  which may materially change as more patient data becomes available  potential benefits of our UCART product candidates  the operational capabilities at our manufacturing facilities  and the sufficiency of cash to fund our operations. These forward-looking statements are made in light of information currently available to us and are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties  including (i) the numerous risks associated with biopharmaceutical product candidate development  (ii) with respect to the AstraZeneca agreements  the risk that conditions to closing  including necessary regulatory approvals  are not satisfied in a timely manner or at all; the risks arising from Cellectis’s reliance on AstraZeneca to conduct certain development and commercialization activities  including the potential for disagreements or disputes under the Collaboration Agreement; the risk that AstraZeneca may exercise its discretion in a manner that limits the resources contributed toward the development of certain projects under the Collaboration Agreement or may exercise its faculty to terminate without cause the Agreement; the risk that subsequent studies and ongoing or future clinical trials may not generate favorable data; and the risk that the Company may not be able to secure additional capital on attractive terms  if at all  and (iii) our cash runway  our operating plans  including product development plans  may change as a result of various factors  including factors currently unknown to us. Furthermore  many other important factors  including those described in our Annual Report on Form 20-F and the financial report (including the management report) for the year ended December 31  2022 and subsequent filings Cellectis makes with the Securities Exchange Commission from time to time  as well as other known and unknown risks and uncertainties may adversely affect such forward-looking statements and cause our actual results  performance or achievements to be materially different from those expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. Except as required by law  we assume no obligation to update these forward-looking statements publicly  or to update the reasons why actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in the forward-looking statements  even if new information becomes available in the future.For further information on Cellectis  please contact:Media contact:Patricia Sosa Navarro  Chief of Staff to the CEO  +33 (0)7 76 77 46 93  media@cellectis.comInvestor Relations contacts:Arthur Stril  Chief Business Officer  +1 (347) 809 5980  investors@cellectis.comAshley R. Robinson  LifeSci Advisors  +1 617 430 75771 Cash position includes cash  cash equivalents and restricted cash. Restricted cash was $5 million as of September 30  2023.2 Servier is a global independent pharmaceutical group.Attachment",neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,mixed,0.32,0.37,0.31,True,English,"['First Nine Months', 'Financial Results', 'Third Quarter', 'Cellectis', 'November', '04:31', 'anti-CD22 allogeneic CAR T- cell product', 'up to 10 novel candidate products', 'CD22+ B-Cell acute lymphoblastic leukemia', 'refractory B-cell acute lymphoblastic leukemia', 'Multi-armored Allogeneic MUC1-CAR T-cells', 'Phase I BALLI-01 Trial', 'pioneering gene editing platform', 'refractory B-cell non-Hodgkin lymphoma', 'AstraZeneca Holdings B.V.', 'ESGCT 2023 30 th annual congress', 'Phase I NATHALI-01 Trial', 'ASH 65 th Annual meeting', 'Potential Additional AstraZeneca Investment', 'UCART Clinical Development Programs', 'higher preliminary response rate', 'first UCART22 P2 cohort', 'Cellectis’ gene editing technologies', 'joint research collaboration agreement', 'UCART20x22 dose limiting toxicities', 'Phase 1/2a dose-finding', 'TALE-BE editing determinants', 'additional equity investment', 'immune effector cell', 'ASH Annual Meeting', 'HSPC gene therapy', 'r B-cell NHL', 'SITC 2023 annual event', 'initial equity investment', 'high unmet need', 'Cytokine release syndrome', 'r B-cell ALL', 'Initial Investment Agreement', 'Initial AstraZeneca Investment', 'clinical-stage biotechnology company', 'vitro comparability studies', 'initial preliminary results', 'Cellectis’ clinical-stage assets', 'one million cells', 'dose level 2i', '50% response rate', 'life-saving cell', 'gene therapies', 'Investment Agreements', 'Clinical trials', '2.5 million cells', 'Strategic Collaboration', 'Preclinical data', 'comprehensive analysis', 'Triple-Negative Breast', 'Cash position', 'Cash runway', 'Conference call', 'NEW YORK', 'GLOBE NEWSWIRE', 'Euronext Growth', 'business updates', 'nine-month period', 'upfront payment', 'binding memorandum', 'manufacturing capabilities', 'next-generation therapeutics', 'rare diseases', '25 genetic targets', 'Pipeline Highlights', 'following data', 'external CDMO', 'serum cytokines', 'inflammatory markers', 'host disease', 'UCART22 process', 'UCART22 P1', 'UCART22 expansion', 'financial results', 'Cellectis’ ownership', 'November 1st', 'poster presentation', 'expansion study', 'July 1 st', 'responding patients', '3 patients', 'AMELI-01', 'UCART123', 'AML', 'September', '8.00am', 'ALCLS', 'NASDAQ', 'CLLS', 'understanding', 'conditions', 'MOU', 'areas', 'oncology', 'immunology', 'control', 'B-ALL', 'updated', 'house', 'fludarabine', 'cyclophosphamide', 'alemtuzumab', 'DLTs', 'ICANS', 'CRS', 'Grade', 'increases', 'B-NHL', 'treatment', 'neurotoxicity', 'graft', 'GvHD', '1 DLT', 'connection', '2.00']",2023-11-06,2023-11-07,marketscreener.com
32342,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/CGG-4653/news/CGG-Announces-its-Q3-2023-Results-45251114/,CGG Announces its Q3 2023 Results,(marketscreener.com) net 9 1.4 Operating income 8 130.4 97.3 Cost of financial debt  gross   Income provided by cash and cash equivalents   4.0 1.1 Cost of financial debt  net   Other financial income 10 2.4 Income before incomes taxes and share of income fro…,Strong Financial ResultsRevenue at $307 million  up 42% y-o-yEBITDAs at $109 million  up 41% y-o-yPositive Net Cash Flow of $63 millionPARIS  France – November 6  2023 – CGG (ISIN: FR0013081864)  a global technology and high-performance computing (HPC) leader  announced today its third quarter 2023 non-audited results.Commenting on these results  Sophie Zurquiyah  CGG CEO  said:“Our third-quarter results are in line with our expectations for year-on-year growth and demonstrate the strengthening operational and cash performance across all businesses. As our clients increase their focus around adding new reserves  demand for our high-end technology  data and services drove strong performance for our core activities.Our Beyond the Core businesses are supported by strong momentum in the Digital  Energy Transition  and Infrastructure Monitoring markets  notably in HPC. To strengthen our technology differentiation and support our growth ambitions  we opened a new UK HPC Hub which will extend our global capacity to ~500 petaFLOPS  keeping CGG’s position as the #1 industrial HPC in the world. We are uniquely addressing the needs of our new clients’ high-end scientific and AI applications  as evidenced by another new contract signed this quarter.”Q3 2023 key figures: Strong financial resultsIFRS figures : revenue at $293m  EBITDAs at $95m  OPINC at $42m: revenue at $293m  EBITDAs at $95m  OPINC at $42m Segment revenue at $307m   up 42% year-on-year. Geoscience at $78m  up 13% year-on-year driven by continued demand for high-end imaging worldwide. Earth Data at $107m  up 74% year-on-year. Solid after-sales at $52m up 21%. Prefunding revenue at $55m  and a 111% prefunding rate. Sensing and Monitoring at $122m  up 42% year-on-year.at   up 42% year-on-year.Segment EBITDAs at $109m   including $(20)m compensation fees to Shearwater  and up 41% year-on-year sustained by solid activity across our businesses  and a 35% margin.at   including $(20)m compensation fees to Shearwater  and up 41% year-on-year sustained by solid activity across our businesses  and a 35% margin. Segment operating income at $33m  up 31% and a 11% marginat up 31% and a 11% margin Group net income at $8mat Net cash flow of $63mYTD 2023 key figures: Solid financial resultsIFRS figures: revenue at $810m  EBITDAs at $283m  OPINC at $130mSegment revenue at $805m   up 32% year-on-year. Geoscience at $238m  up 11% year-on-year. Earth Data at $234m  up 2% year-on-year. Sensing and Monitoring at $334m  up 102% year-on-year.at   up 32% year-on-year.Segment EBITDAs at $278m including $(31)m compensation fees to Shearwater  and up 15% year-on-year and a 35% margin.at including $(31)m compensation fees to Shearwater  and up 15% year-on-year and a 35% margin. Segment operating income at $123m  up 43% and a 15% marginat up 43% and a 15% margin Group net income at $31m compared to $(4)m last yearat compared to $(4)m last year Net cash flow of $(15)m compared to $(65)m last year.Balance SheetCash liquidity of $370m as of September 30  2023  including $95m undrawn RCF.of as of September 30  2023  including undrawn RCF. Net debt before IFRS 16 at $921m as of September 30  2023.Key Figures - Third Quarter 2023Key Figures IFRS - QuarterIn million $ 2022Q3 2023Q3 Variances % Operating revenues 255 293 15% Operating Income / (loss) 28 42 52% Equity from Investment (0) 1 - Net cost of financial debt (24) (26) (7)% Other financial income / (loss) (1) (5) - Income taxes (4) (4) (3)% Net Income / (Loss) from continuing operations (1) 8 741% Net Income / (Loss) from discontinued operations (0) 0 181% Group net income / (loss) (2) 8 624% Operating cash flow 37 145 - Net cash flow (77) 63 - Net debt 976 1 008 3% Net debt before lease liabilities 889 921 4% Capital employed 2 006 2 098 5%Key Segment Figures - Third Quarter 2023Key Segment Figures - QuarterIn million $ 2022Q3 2023Q3 Variances % Segment revenue 217 307 42% Segment EBITDAs 77 109 41% EBITDAs margin 35% 35% (0) bps Segment operating income / (loss) 25 33 31% Opinc margin 12% 11% (1) bps IFRS 15 adjustment 2 9 291% IFRS operating income / (loss) 28 42 52% Operating cash flow 37 145 - Segment net cash flow (77) 62 -Key figures bridge: Segment to IFRS - Third Quarter 2023P&L itemsIn million $ Segment figures IFRS 15 adjustment IFRS figures Total Revenue 307 (14) 293 OPINC 33 9 42 Cash Flow Statement itemsIn million $ Segment figures IFRS 15 adjustment IFRS figures EBITDAs 109 (14) 95 Change in Working Capital & Provisions 31 14 44 Cash Provided by Operations 145 (0) 144 Earth Data Data Library NBVIn million $ Segment figures IFRS 15 adjustment IFRS figures Opening Balance Sheet   Jun 1st 23 364 95 459 Closing Balance Sheet   Sep 30th 23 359 117 476Third Quarter 2023 Segment Financial ResultsDigital  Data and Energy Transition (DDE)Data  Digital & Energy Transition (DDE)In million $ 2022Q3 2023Q3 Variances % Segment revenue 131 185 41% Geoscience 69 78 13% Earth Data 62 107 74% Prefunding 19 55 - After-Sales 43 52 21% DDE proforma 131 185 42% Segment EBITDAs 64 104 62% EBITDAs Margin 49% 56% 7 bps Segment operating income 21 37 79% OPINC Margin 16% 20% 4 bps Capital employed (in billion $) 1.5 1.5 3% Other Key Metrics Multi-Client cash capex ($m) (72) (50) (31)% Multi-Client cash prefunding rate (%) 26% 111% 85 bpsDigital  Data and Energy Transition (DDE) segment revenue was $185 million  up 41% year-on-year.Geoscience (GEO) revenue was $78 million  up 13% year-on-year.Geoscience activity remains solid across all regions sustained by increasing demand worldwide for OBN imaging  higher resolution images and quick processing turnaround. The level of commercial activity continues to be strong with order intakes up 6% year-on-year.Earth Data (EDA) revenue was $107 million up 74% year-on-year.Earth Data cash capex was $(50) million this quarter  down (31)% year-on-year with one OBN program offshore Norway and a few reprocessing projects. Prefunding revenue was $55 million and almost tripled year-on-year while prefunding rate was high at 111%. After-sales were solid at $52 million this quarter  up 21% year-on-year.The segment library Net Book Value was $359 million ($476 million after IFRS 15 adjustments) at the end of September 2023.DDE segment EBITDAs was $104 million  up 62% year-on-year and including $(20) million was this quarter paid to Sheawater for compensation fees. DDE segment EBITDAs margin was 56% margin.DDE segment operating income was $37 million  up 79% year-on-year  and a 20% margin.DDE capital employed were stable at $1.5 billion at the end of September 2023.Sensing and Monitoring (SMO)Sensing & Monitoring (SMO)In million $ 2022Q3 2023Q3 Variances % Segment revenue 86 122 42% Land 50 58 16% Marine 22 45 103% Downhole gauges 4 6 38% Non Oil & Gas 10 13 34% Segment EBITDAs 18 12 (33)% EBITDAs margin 21% 10% (11) bps Segment operating income / (loss) 11 5 (56)% OPINC Margin 13% 19% 6 bps Capital employed (in billion $) 0.6 0.6 (0)%Sensing and Monitoring (SMO) segment revenue was $122 million  up 42% year-on-year.High level of land equipment sales at $58 million mainly for North Africa and Middle-East.Marine equipment at $45 million driven by major sales of GPR ocean bottom nodesDownhole sales were $6 million  up 38% year-on-year.Beyond the Core revenues were high at $13 million  up 34% year-on-year.SMO segment EBITDAs was $12 million and an exceptional 10% margin this quarter due to large deliveries of low margin equipment.SMO segment operating income was $5 million.SMO capital employed were $0.6 billion at the end of September 2023.Third Quarter 2023 Financial ResultsConsolidated Income StatementsIn million $ 2022Q3 2023Q3 Variances % Exchange rate euro/dollar 1.02 1.09 7% Segment revenue 217 307 42% DDE 131 185 41% Sensing & Monitoring 86 122 42% Segment Gross Margin 54 67 25% Segment EBITDAs 77 109 41% DDE 64 104 62% Sensing & Monitoring 18 12 (33)% Corporate (4) (7) (66)% Elim & Other (1) (0) 70% Segment operating income 25 33 31% DDE 21 37 79% Sensing & Monitoring 11 5 (56)% Corporate (5) (8) (59)% Elim & Other (1) (0) 68% IFRS 15 adjustment 2 9 - IFRS operating income 28 42 52% Equity from investments (0) 1 - Net cost of financial debt (24) (26) (7)% Other financial income (loss) (1) (5) - Income taxes (4) (4) (3)% Net income / (loss) from continuing operations (1) 8 - Net income / (loss) from discontinued operations (0) 0 181% IFRS net income / (loss) (2) 8 - Shareholder's net income / (loss) (1) 8 - Basic Earnings per share in $ (0.00) 0.05 - Basic Earnings per share in € (0.00) 0.05 -Segment revenue was $307 million  up 42%. The respective contributions from the Group’s businesses were 25% from GEO  35% from EDA (60% for the DDE segment) and 40% from the SMO segment.Segment EBITDAs was $109 million  including $(20) million compensation fees to Shearwater and up 41% year-on-year  a 35% margin.Segment operating income was $33 million  up 31% year-on-year and a 11% margin. IFRS 15 adjustment was $9 million and IFRS operating income was $42 million.Cost of financial debt was $(26) million. Taxes were at $(4) million.Net income from continuing operations was $8 million and Group net income was at $8 million / €8 million.Third Quarter 2023 Cash FlowCash Flow itemsIn million $ 2022Q3 2023Q3 Variances % Segment Operating Cash Flow 37 145 289% CAPEX (82) (59) (28)% Industrial (6) (6) 6% R&D (4) (3) (24)% Multi-Client (Cash) (72) (50) (31)% Marine MC (72) (50) (31)% Land MC (0) 0 (100)% Proceeds from disposals of assets (15) (2) 89% Segment Free Cash Flow (61) 84 238% Lease repayments (12) (13) (9)% Asset financing 1 1 22% Paid Cost of debt 0 (2) - Free cash flow from discontinued operations (6) (7) (14)% Net Cash flow (78) 63 181% Financing cash flow 0 (3) - Forex and other (14) (4) 70% Net increase/(decrease) in cash (92) 55 160% Supplementary information Change in working capital & provisions  included in Segment Operating Cash Flow (40) 31 163%Segment operating cash flow was $145 million up 289%  including $31 million positive change in working capital & provisions.Total capex was $(59) million:Industrial capex was $(6) millionwas $(6) million R&D capex was $(3) millionwas $(3) million Earth Data cash capex was $(50) millionSegment free cash flow was $84 million.After $(12) million lease repayments and asset financing  $(2) million cash cost of debt and $(7) million cash costs related to discontinued operations  Net Cash flow was $63 million.9 months 2023 Financial ResultsConsolidated Income StatementsIn million $ 2022YTD Sep 2023YTD Sep Variances % Exchange rate euro/dollar 1.07 1.08 1% Segment revenue 610 805 32% DDE 444 471 6% SMO 165 334 102% Elim & Other 0 (0) - Segment Gross Margin 170 225 33% Segment EBITDAs 241 278 15% DDE 256 250 (2)% SMO (1) 48 - Corporate (10) (16) (59)% Elim & Other (3) (3) 19% Segment operating income 86 123 43% DDE 125 119 (5)% SMO (23) 25 - Corporate (12) (18) (45)% Elim & Other (4) (3) 20% IFRS 15 adjustment 11 7 (35)% IFRS operating income 97 130 34% Equity from investments (0) 1 - Net cost of financial debt (75) (76) (1)% Other financial income (loss) 2 (2) (166)% Income taxes (27) (25) 8% NRC (Tax & OFI) 0 0 - Net income / (loss) from continuing operations (2) 29 - Net income / (loss) from discontinued operations (2) 2 196% IFRS net income / (loss) (4) 31 886% Shareholder's net income / (loss) (3) 29 - Basic Earnings per share in $ (0.00) 0.04 - Basic Earnings per share in € (0.00) 0.04 -Segment revenue was $805 million  up 32% year-on-year. The respective contributions from the Group’s businesses were 30% from Geoscience  29% from Earth Data (59% for the DDE segment) and 41% from Sensing & Monitoring.DDE segment revenue was $471 million  up 6% year-on-year.Geoscience revenue was $238 million  up 11% year-on-year.Earth Data sales reached $234 million  up 2% year-on-year. Prefunding revenue was $132 million  up 92% year-on-year. Earth Data cash capex was $(142) million  down (21)% year-on-year and cash prefunding rate at the end of September was 93%.After-sales were $101 million  down (37)% or down (5)% when adjusted from exceptional transfer fees in Q2 2022.SMO segment revenue was $334 million  up 102% year-on-year.Segment EBITDAs was $278 million  including $(31)m compensation fees to Shearwater and up 15% year-on-year  a 35% margin. DDE EBITDA margin was 53% and Sensing & Monitoring EBITDA margin was 14%.Segment operating income was $123 million  up 43% and a 15% margin.IFRS 15 adjustment at operating income level was $7 million and IFRS operating income  after IFRS 15 adjustment  was $130 million.Cost of financial debt was $(76) million. The total amount of interest paid was $(47) million.Other financial items were $(2) million.Taxes were at $(25) million.Net income from continuing operations was $29 million compared to $(2) million last year.Group net income attributable to CGG’s shareholders was $31 million / €29 million.Cash FlowCash Flow itemsIn million $ 2022YTD Sep 2023YTD Sep Variances % Segment Operating Cash Flow 243 257 6% CAPEX (210) (190) (9)% Industrial (15) (36) 142% R&D (15) (12) (17)% Earth Data (Cash) (180) (142) (21)% Marine Offshore (179) (142) (21)% Land Onshore (1) 0 (100)% Proceeds from disposals of assets 1 (2) - Segment Free Cash Flow 35 65 88% Lease repayments (37) (38) (4)% Asset financing 1 22 - Paid Cost of debt (47) (47) 1% Free cash flow from discontinued operations (17) (17) (1)% Net Cash flow (65) (15) 77% Financing cash flow 2 (2) (190)% Forex and other (31) (6) 79% Net increase/(decrease) in cash (94) (23) 75% Supplementary information Change in working capital & provisions  included in Segment Operating Cash Flow 9 (18) (303)%Segment operating cash flow was $257 million up 6%  including $(18) million negative change in working capital & provisions.Capex was $(190) million  down (9)% year-on-year:Industrial capex was $(36) million Research & development capex was $(12) million Earth Data cash capex was $(142) million  down (21)% year-on-year.Segment free cash flow was $65 million.After the payment of interest expenses of $(47) million  lease repayments of $(38) million  asset financing of $22 million and $(17) millon of cash flow from discontinued operations  Group net cash flow was $(15) million  compared to $(65) million for the 9 months of 2022.Balance SheetGroup’s liquidity amounted to $275 million and cash liquidity including $95 million undrawn RCF amounted to $370 million at the end of September  2023.Group gross debt before IFRS 16 was $1 197 million and net debt was $921 million at the end of September  2023.Group gross debt after IFRS 16 was $1 283 million and net debt was $1 008 million at the end of September  2023.Segment leverage ratio of Net debt to adjusted Segment EBITDAs was 2.3x at the end of September 2023.Q3 2023 Conference callThe press release and the presentation are available on our website www.cgg.comAn English language analysts conference call is scheduled the same day at 6.30 pm (CET)Participants should register for the call here to receive a dial-in number and code or participate in the live webcast from here.A replay of the conference call will be made available the day after for a period of 12 months in audio format on the Company's website www.cgg.com.About CGGCGG (www.cgg.com) is a global technology and HPC leader that provides data  products  services and solutions in Earth science  data science  sensing and monitoring. Our unique portfolio supports our clients in efficiently and responsibly solving complex digital  energy transition  natural resource  environmental  and infrastructure challenges for a more sustainable future. CGG employs around 3 500 people worldwide and is listed on the Euronext Paris SA (ISIN: 0013081864).ContactsGroup Communications & Investor RelationsChristophe BarniniTel: + 33 1 64 47 38 11E-Mail: christophe.barnini@cgg.comCONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTSSeptember 30  2023Unaudited Interim Consolidated statements of operationsNine months ended September 30  (In millions of US$  except per share data) Notes 2023 2022 Operating revenues 8 810.4 658.5 Other income from ordinary activities 0.2 0.5 Total income from ordinary activities 810.6 659.0 Cost of operations (578.0) (477.8) Gross profit 232.6 181.2 Research and development expenses - net (20.5) (12.5) Marketing and selling expenses (26.6) (21.8) General and administrative expenses (54.2) (51.0) Other revenues (expenses) - net 9 (0.9) 1.4 Operating income (loss) 8 130.4 97.3 Cost of financial debt  gross (79.5) (75.7) Income provided by cash and cash equivalents 4.0 1.1 Cost of financial debt  net (75.5) (74.6) Other financial income (loss) 10 (1.6) 2.4 Income (loss) before incomes taxes and share of income (loss) from companies accounted for under the equity method 53.3 25.1 Income taxes (24.6) (26.6) Net income (loss) before share of income (loss) from companies accounted for under the equity method 28.7 (1.5) Net income (loss) from companies accounted for under the equity method 0.5 (0.1) Net income (loss) from continuing operations 29.2 (1.6) Net income (loss) from discontinued operations 3 2.3 (2.4) Consolidated net income (loss) 31.5 (4.0) Attributable to : Owners of CGG S.A $ 28.0 (2.8) Non-controlling interests $ 3.5 (1.2) Net income (loss) per share (a) Basic $ 0.04 — Diluted $ 0.04 — Net income (loss) from continuing operations per share (a) Basic $ 0.04 — Diluted $ 0.04 — Net income (loss) from discontinued operations per share (a) Basic $ - — Diluted $ - —(a) Earning per share is presented as nil being less than US$0.01.Unaudited Interim Consolidated statements of financial position(In millions of US$) Notes September 30  2023 December 31  2022 ASSETS Cash and cash equivalents 275.1 298.0 Trade accounts and notes receivable  net 316.3 308.3 Inventories and work-in-progress  net 237.5 257.2 Income tax assets 11.3 53.4 Other current financial assets  net - 0.1 Other current assets  net 136.4 99.9 Total current assets 976.6 1 016.9 Deferred tax assets 20.6 24.2 Other non-current assets  net 11.5 8.2 Investments and other financial assets  net 20.9 18.4 Investments in companies under the equity method 11.2 10.8 Property  plant and equipment  net 4 180.1 167.3 Intangible assets  net 603.9 554.2 Goodwill  net 1 091.9 1 089.4 Total non-current assets 1 940.1 1 872.5 TOTAL ASSETS 2 916.7 2 889.4 LIABILITIES AND EQUITY Financial debt – current portion 5 96.1 60.4 Trade accounts and notes payables 89.0 92.0 Accrued payroll costs 76.8 85.6 Income taxes payable 27.9 27.2 Advance billings to customers 24.1 29.4 Provisions — current portion 15.8 17.6 Other current financial liabilities 21.0 20.0 Other current liabilities 214.9 222.1 Total current liabilities 565.6 554.3 Deferred tax liabilities 28.9 18.7 Provisions — non-current portion 31.1 28.6 Financial debt – non-current portion 5 1 186.9 1 188.8 Other non-current financial liabilities 5.9 21.8 Other non-current liabilities 7.8 18.4 Total non-current liabilities 1 260.6 1 276.3 Common stock: 1 105 308 172 shares authorized and 713 676 258 shares with a €0.01 nominal value outstanding at September 30  2023 8.7 8.7 Additional paid-in capital 118.7 118.6 Retained earnings 996.9 967.9 Other Reserves 39.3 50.0 Treasury shares (20.1) (20.1) Cumulative income and expense recognized directly in equity (3.2) (3.4) Cumulative translation adjustment (90.7) (102.4) Equity attributable to owners of CGG S.A. 1 049.6 1 019.3 Non-controlling interests 40.9 39.5 Total equity 1 090.5 1 058.8 TOTAL LIABILITIES AND EQUITY 2 916.7 2 889.4Unaudited Interim Consolidated statements of cash flowNine months ended September 30  (In millions of US$) Notes 2023 2022 OPERATING ACTIVITIES Consolidated net income (loss) 31.5 (4.0) Less: Net income (loss) from discontinued operations 3 (2.3) 2.4 Net income (loss) from continuing operations 29.2 (1.6) Depreciation  amortization and impairment 8 63.3 65.2 Earth Data surveys impairment and amortization 8 99.8 136.9 Depreciation and amortization capitalized in Earth Data surveys (11.8) (11.7) Variance on provisions 0.5 (0.8) Share-based compensation expenses 1.7 2.3 Net (gain) loss on disposal of fixed and financial assets 0.1 (3.9) Share of (income) loss in companies recognized under equity method (0.5) 0.1 Other non-cash items 1.8 (2.4) Net cash-flow including net cost of financial debt and income tax 184.1 184.1 Less : Cost of financial debt 75.5 74.6 Less : Income tax expense (gain) 24.6 26.6 Net cash-flow excluding net cost of financial debt and income tax 284.2 285.3 Income tax paid (c) (3.8) (3.8) Net cash-flow before changes in working capital 280.4 281.5 Changes in working capital (23.5) (38.8) - change in trade accounts and notes receivable (29.4) 30.0 - change in inventories and work-in-progress 17.4 (69.8) - change in other current assets 6.6 5.1 - change in trade accounts and notes payable (0.4) 36.1 - change in other current liabilities (17.7) (40.2) -Impact of changes in exchange rate on financial items 0.0 - Net cash-flow from operating activities 256.9 242.7 INVESTING ACTIVITIES Total capital expenditures (tangible and intangible assets) net of variation of fixed assets suppliers  excluding Earth Data surveys) 4 (48.3) (29.6) Investment in Earth Data surveys (141.7) (179.9) Proceeds from disposals of tangible and intangible assets (a) - 33.1 Proceeds from divestment of activities and sale of financial assets - 4.8 Acquisition of investments  net of cash and cash equivalents acquired (b) (1.9) (36.7) Variation in subsidies for capital expenditures - (0.1) Variation in other non-current financial assets (2.9) (6.7) Net cash-flow used in investing activities (194.8) (215.1)(a) Sale and leaseback of CGG headquarters in 2022(b) Includes a partial earn-out payment following the acquisition of Geocomp in 2022(c) Includes settlement of tax audit Mexico for US$ 5 1 milllion which was accrued on December 2022Nine months ended September 30  (In millions of US$) Notes 2023 2022 FINANCING ACTIVITIES Repayment of long-term debt 5 (1.5) - Total issuance of long-term debt 5 23.0 - Lease repayments 5 (37.9) (36.6) Financial expenses paid 5 (46.5) (46.9) Loan granted - 1.7 Net proceeds from capital increase: - 0.4 — from Owner of CGG - 0.4 — from non-controlling interests of integrated companies - — Dividends paid and share capital reimbursements: — to owners of CGG - — — to non-controlling interests of integrated companies (0.8) (0.9) Net cash-flow provided by (used in) financing activities (63.7) (82.2) Effects of exchange rates on cash (4.3) (23.1) Net cash flows incurred by discontinued operations 3 (17.0) (16.4) Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents (22.9) (94.1) Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year 298.0 319.2 Cash and cash equivalents at end of period 275.1 225.1Attachment,neutral,0.03,0.96,0.01,positive,0.79,0.2,0.01,True,English,"['Q3 2023 Results', 'CGG', 'IFRS 15 adjustment IFRS figures Opening Balance Sheet', '144 Earth Data Data Library NBV', 'IFRS 15 adjustment IFRS figures EBITDAs', 'Third Quarter 2023 Segment Financial Results', '42 Cash Flow Statement items', 'new UK HPC Hub', 'Positive Net Cash Flow', 'new clients’ high-end scientific', 'third quarter 2023 non-audited results', 'Segment net cash flow', '11% margin Group net income', '15% margin Group net income', 'Closing Balance Sheet', 'P&L items', 'Key Figures IFRS', 'IFRS operating income', 'Operating cash flow', '$(20)m compensation fees', '$(31)m compensation fees', 'Other financial income', 'YTD 2023 key figures', 'Key figures bridge', 'Strong Financial Results', 'Solid financial results', 'Key Segment Figures', 'Segment operating income', 'Infrastructure Monitoring markets', 'Q3 2023 key figures', 'financial debt', 'third-quarter results', 'new reserves', 'new contract', 'high-end imaging', 'cash performance', 'Cash liquidity', 'Net debt', 'Net cost', 'Income taxes', 'Operating revenues', 'strong performance', 'strong momentum', 'Segment EBITDAs', 'HPC) leader', 'solid activity', 'Segment revenue', 'global technology', 'high-performance computing', 'Sophie Zurquiyah', 'core activities', 'Energy Transition', 'technology differentiation', 'growth ambitions', 'global capacity', 'AI applications', '111% prefunding rate', 'lease liabilities', 'Jun 1st', 'Sep 30th', 'Digital, Data', 'EBITDAs margin', 'Prefunding revenue', 'Total Revenue', 'continued demand', 'Working Capital', 'CGG CEO', 'continuing operations', 'Core businesses', 'year growth', 'Opinc margin', '35% margin', '293 OPINC', 'PARIS', 'France', 'November', 'ISIN', 'line', 'expectations', 'strengthening', 'operational', 'focus', 'services', '~500 petaFLOPS', 'position', 'world', 'needs', 'Geoscience', 'sales', 'Sensing', 'Shearwater', 'September', 'RCF', 'Equity', 'Investment', 'Loss', 'Change', 'Provisions', 'million', 'DDE']",2023-11-06,2023-11-07,marketscreener.com
32343,EuroNext,Bing API,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/nanobiotix-announces-closing-global-offering-210100699.html,NANOBIOTIX Announces Closing of Global Offering,NANOBIOTIX (Euronext: NANO – NASDAQ: NBTX – “Nanobiotix” or the “Company”)  a late-clinical stage biotechnology company pioneering physics-based approaches to expand treatment possibilities for patients with cancer ,PARIS and CAMBRIDGE  Mass.  Nov. 07  2023 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- NANOBIOTIX (Euronext: NANO – NASDAQ: NBTX – “Nanobiotix” or the “Company”)  a late-clinical stage biotechnology company pioneering physics-based approaches to expand treatment possibilities for patients with cancer  announces the closing today (the “Closing”) of its global follow-on offering reserved to specified categories of investors  including after partial exercise by the underwriters of their option to purchase additional ordinary shares (the “Underwriters’ Option”) in the form of American Depositary Shares (“ADSs”).The Closing consists of: (i) 3 786 907 ADS  each representing one ordinary share  €0.03 nominal value per share (each an “Ordinary Share”)  of the Company  in the United States (the “U.S. Offering”)  including 680 000 ADSs pursuant to the partial exercise of the Underwriters’ Option (the “Additional ADSs)  in each case  at an offering price of $5.36 per ADS  and (ii) 2 492 223 Ordinary Shares  exclusively sold to “qualified investors” in Europe (including France) within the meaning of Article 2(e) of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129  as amended (the “Prospectus Regulation”) and certain other countries (excluding the United States and Canada) (the “European Offering”) at an offering price of €5.07 per Ordinary Share. The U.S. Offering and the European Offering are referred to  together  as the “Global Offering”.As previously announced  pursuant to an existing securities purchase agreement  Johnson & Johnson Innovation – JJDC  Inc. (“JJDC”) was obligated to subscribe  subject to any required regulatory approvals  for $25.0 million of the Company’s restricted ADSs (the “Placement Amount”)  at a price per ADS equal to the $5.36 per ADS offering price in the U.S. Offering in a concurrent private placement (the “Concurrent Private Placement”)  exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the “Securities Act”). Pursuant to French foreign investment control rules  the Placement Amount as initially agreed was reduced  such that JJDC has initially subscribed for 3 762 923 restricted ADSs (representing  together with JJDC’s existing stake  9.99% of the outstanding voting rights of the Company’s capital stock (the “Regulatory Cap”)  prior to the exercise of the Underwriters’ Option) for gross proceeds to the Company of $20.2 million. Upon  and subject to  the approval of the French Ministry of Economy  JJDC will subscribe for 901 256 additional restricted ADSs (corresponding to the portion of the Placement Amount in excess of the Regulatory Cap) (the “Remaining Placement Amount”) for $4.8 million. The closing in respect of the initial 3 762 923 restricted ADSs in the Concurrent Private Placement is expected to occur on November 9  2023.Story continuesTaking into account (i) the €31.8 million gross proceeds of the Global Offering  including in respect of the Option  and (ii) the gross proceeds in respect of the initial 3 762 923 restricted ADSs to be purchased by JJDC in the Concurrent Private Placement  the Company will receive aggregate gross proceeds of approximately €50.9 million (equivalent to approximately $53.8 million  based on an exchange rate of €1.00 = $1.0568  as published by Bloomberg on November 1  2023)  before deduction of underwriting commissions in respect of the Global Offering and estimated offering expenses payable by the Company. Following the approval of the French Ministry of Economy and the subscription by JJDC for the Remaining Placement Amount  the aggregate gross proceeds would increase to approximately €55.5 million (equivalent to approximately $58.7 million).The Company believes that the net proceeds from the Global Offering and the Concurrent Private Placement  together with its cash and cash equivalents  will be sufficient to meet its working capital requirements for operations into the first quarter 2025 and  assuming the receipt from Janssen Pharmaceutica NV (“Janssen”) of the first milestone payment under the Company's License Agreement with Janssen dated July 7  2023  into the second quarter 2025.Jefferies LLC  Leerink Partners and Guggenheim Securities acted as global coordinators and joint bookrunners for the Global Offering.The ADSs are listed on the Nasdaq Global Select Market under the symbol “NBTX” and the Company’s Ordinary Shares are listed on Euronext Paris under the symbol “NANO”.The ADSs (including the Additional ADSs) and Ordinary Shares offered in the Global Offering were offered pursuant to an effective shelf registration statement on Form F-3 (Registration No. 333-262545)  which was filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”) on February 4  2022 and subsequently declared effective on February 16  2022. The Global Offering was made only by means of a prospectus and prospectus supplement that form a part of the registration statement. A final prospectus supplement relating to and describing the terms of the Global Offering has been filed with the SEC on November 6  2023 and is available on the SEC’s website at www.sec.gov. The final prospectus supplement relating to the Global Offering (and accompanying prospectus) relating to the Global Offering may be obtained from Jefferies LLC  Attention: Equity Syndicate Prospectus Department  520 Madison Avenue  2nd Floor  New York  NY 10022  or by telephone at (877) 821-7388 or by email at Prospectus_Department@Jefferies.com; from Leerink Partners LLC  Attention: Syndicate Department  53 State Street  40th Floor  Boston  MA 02109  or by telephone at (800) 808-7525 ext. 6105  or by email at syndicate@leerink.com; or from Guggenheim Securities  Attention: Equity Syndicate Department  330 Madison Avenue  8th Floor  New York  NY 10017  by telephone at (212) 518-9544  or by email at GSEquityProspectusDelivery@guggenheimpartners.com.The Ordinary Shares issued in the context of the Global Offering and the Concurrent Private Placement have been subject to a listing prospectus approved by the AMF on November 3  2023 under number 23-461 and comprising (i) the 2022 universal registration document filed with the AMF under number D.23-0332 on April 24  2023  as updated by a first amendment to the Company’s 2022 universal registration document filed with the AMF under number D.23-0332-A01 on November 1st  2023 and a second amendment filed by the Company with the AMF on November 3  2023 under number D.23-0332-A02  and (ii) a securities note (Note d’opération) including a summary of the listing prospectus  copies of which will be available free of charge on the Company’s website at https://ir.nanobiotix.com/  as well as on the AMF’s website at www.amf-france.org.]About NANOBIOTIXNanobiotix is a late-stage clinical biotechnology company pioneering disruptive  physics-based therapeutic approaches to revolutionize treatment outcomes for millions of patients; supported by people committed to making a difference for humanity. The Company’s philosophy is rooted in the concept of pushing past the boundaries of what is known to expand possibilities for human life.Incorporated in 2003  Nanobiotix is headquartered in Paris  France and is listed on Euronext since 2012 and on the Nasdaq Global Select Market in New York City since December 2020. The Company has subsidiaries in  among other  Cambridge  Massachusetts (United States).Nanobiotix is the owner of more than 20 umbrella patents associated with three (3) nanotechnology platforms with applications in 1) oncology; 2) bioavailability and biodistribution; and 3) disorders of the central nervous system. The Company’s resources are primarily devoted to the development of its lead product candidate–NBTXR3—which is the product of its proprietary oncology platform and has been granted with a CE marking in Europe for the treatment of patients with soft tissue sarcoma under the brand name Hensify®.ContactsNanobiotixCommunications DepartmentBrandon OwensVP  Communications+1 (617) 852-4835contact@nanobiotix.comInvestor Relations DepartmentCraig WestSVP  Investor Relations+1 (617) 583-0211investors@nanobiotix.comMedia RelationsFrance – Ulysse CommunicationPierre-Louis Germain+ 33 (0)6 64 79 97 51plgermain@ulysse-commu n ication.comGlobal – LifeSci AdvisorsLigia Vela-Reid+44 (0) 7413825310Lvela-reid@lifesciadvisors.comSpecial Note Regarding Forward-Looking StatementsThis press release contains “forward-looking” statements within the meaning of the “safe harbor” provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995  including  but not limited to  statements regarding the expected closing of the Concurrent Private Placement and the additional shares to be purchased by JJDC subject to regulatory approval. Words such as “expects ” “intends ” “can ” “could ”  “may ” “might ” “plan ” “potential ” “should ” and “will ” or the negative of these and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements  which are based on our management’s current expectations and assumptions and on information currently available to management. These forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks  uncertainties and other factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those implied by the forward-looking statements  including such as market conditions and risks related to Nanobiotix’s business and financial performance. Further information on the risk factors that may affect company business and financial performance is included in Nanobiotix’s Annual Report on Form 20-F filed with the SEC on April 24  2023 under “Item 3.D. Risk Factors”  in Nanobiotix’s 2022 universal registration document filed with the French Financial Markets Authority (Autorité des marchés financiers – the AMF) on April 24  2023 as updated by its first amendment filed with the AMF on November 1  2023 and its second amendment filed with the AMF on November 3  2023  in Nanobiotix’s half-year report  which was filed with the SEC on Form 6-K and with the AMF on September 26  2023  and subsequent filings Nanobiotix makes with the SEC from time to time which are available on the SEC’s website at www.sec.gov. The forward-looking statements included in this press release speak only as of the date of this press release  and except as required by law  Nanobiotix assumes no obligation to update these forward-looking statements publicly.DisclaimersThis press release does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any securities of the Company  nor shall there be any sale of such securities  in any state or jurisdiction in which such offer  solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such state or jurisdiction.The distribution of this press release may be subject to legal or regulatory restrictions in certain jurisdictions. Any person who comes into possession of this press release must inform him or herself of and comply with any such restrictions.This document does not constitute an offer to the public in France and the securities referred to in this document can only be offered or sold in France pursuant to article L. 411-2 1° of the French Monetary and Financial Code to qualified investors (investisseurs qualifiés) acting for their own account as defined in the Prospectus Regulation.This announcement is an advertisement and not a prospectus within the meaning of the Prospectus Regulation.In France  the Global Offering and the Concurrent Private Placement described above took place solely in the context of two capital increases to the benefit of categories of institutional investors  in accordance with Article L. 225-138 of the French Commercial Code (Code de commerce) and applicable regulations. The European Offering was exclusively addressed  in Europe (including in France)  to “qualified investors”  as that term is defined in Article 2(e) of the Prospectus Regulation.In relation to each member state of the European Economic Area other than France (each  a “Relevant Member State”)  an offer of the securities referred to herein is not being made and will not be made to the public in that Relevant Member State  other than (i) to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation  (ii) to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons per Relevant Member State  or (iii) in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation; provided that no such offer of the securities referred to herein shall require the Company to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation. For the purposes of the above  the expression an “offer to the public” in any Relevant Member State shall have the meaning ascribed to it in article 2(d) of the Prospectus Regulation.This communication is being distributed only to  and is directed only at (a) persons outside the United Kingdom  (b) persons who have professional experience in matters relating to investments falling within Article 19(5) of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Financial Promotion) Order 2005 (the “Order”)  and (c) high net worth entities  and other persons to whom it may otherwise lawfully be communicated  falling within Article 49(2)(a) to (d) (« high net worth companies  unincorporated associations  etc. ») of the Order (all such persons together being referred to as “relevant persons”). Any investment or investment activity to which this communication relates is available only to relevant persons and will be engaged in only with relevant persons. Any person who is not a relevant person should not act or rely on this communication or any of its contents.This press release has been prepared in both French and English. In the event of any discrepancies between the two versions of the press release  the French language version shall prevail.Attachment,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,neutral,0.05,0.88,0.07,True,English,"['Global Offering', 'NANOBIOTIX', 'Closing', 'French foreign investment control rules', 'late-clinical stage biotechnology company', 'effective shelf registration statement', 'Nasdaq Global Select Market', 'existing securities purchase agreement', 'The U.S. Offering', 'outstanding voting rights', 'concurrent private placement', 'first milestone payment', 'American Depositary Shares', 'Remaining Placement Amount', '€31.8 million gross proceeds', 'aggregate gross proceeds', 'working capital requirements', 'initial 3,762,923 restricted ADSs', 'Janssen Pharmaceutica NV', 'one ordinary share', '901,256 additional restricted ADSs', 'additional ordinary shares', 'final prospectus supplement', 'The Global Offering', 'ADS offering price', 'existing stake', 'French Ministry', 'License Agreement', 'registration requirements', '2,492,223 Ordinary Shares', 'Additional ADSs', 'capital stock', 'net proceeds', 'first quarter', 'The ADSs', 'European Offering', 'offering expenses', 'global follow', 'global coordinators', 'Securities Act', 'Guggenheim Securities', 'GLOBE NEWSWIRE', 'physics-based approaches', 'treatment possibilities', '€0.03 nominal value', 'United States', 'other countries', 'regulatory approvals', 'Regulatory Cap', 'exchange rate', 'underwriting commissions', 'second quarter', 'Jefferies LLC', 'Leerink Partners', 'joint bookrunners', 'Exchange Commission', 'partial exercise', 'qualified investors', 'Prospectus Regulation', 'Johnson Innovation', 'cash equivalents', 'Form F-3', 'Underwriters’ Option', 'sec.gov', 'Euronext Paris', '680,000 ADSs', '3,786,907 ADS', 'CAMBRIDGE', 'Mass.', 'NANOBIOTIX', 'NBTX', 'patients', 'cancer', 'closing', 'categories', 'case', 'France', 'meaning', 'Article', 'Canada', 'JJDC', 'Inc.', 'Economy', 'portion', 'excess', 'respect', 'November', 'Story', 'account', 'Bloomberg', 'deduction', 'subscription', 'operations', 'receipt', 'symbol', 'February', 'means', 'terms', 'website', '9.']",2023-11-07,2023-11-07,finance.yahoo.com
32344,EuroNext,Bing API,https://news.europawire.eu/solvay-announces-extraordinary-shareholders-meeting-to-approve-company-separation-into-two-independent-entities/eu-press-release/2023/11/07/15/17/21/124548/,Solvay Announces Extraordinary Shareholders’ Meeting to Approve Company Separation into Two Independent Entities,Solvay SA has disclosed the materials for its upcoming Extraordinary Shareholders’ Meeting  scheduled for December 8  2023  at 10:30 am CEST in,(IN BRIEF) Solvay SA has disclosed the materials for its upcoming Extraordinary Shareholders’ Meeting  scheduled for December 8  2023  at 10:30 am CEST in Brussels. The documents  including the Chairman’s letter to shareholders  are accessible on the company’s website. Nicolas Boël  Chairman of Solvay  emphasized that the separation into two independent companies  namely the new Solvay and Syensqo  is proceeding as planned. Boël expressed confidence in the market’s positive response to this move and highlighted the continuation of Solvay’s longstanding legacy. Both the Board and the Executive Leadership Team unanimously recommend shareholders to support all proposed items during the Meeting. This separation aims to create two leading groups in their respective industries  each with the strategic and financial flexibility to pursue their unique business models  markets  investments  and sustainability goals. The shares of both Solvay and Syensqo will be listed on Euronext Brussels and Euronext Paris. The governance structures of these entities will align with best practices from the Belgian Code on Corporate Governance and international standards. The boards of the new Solvay and Syensqo will comprise a majority of independent members with diverse skills and experience. The meeting  to be conducted in a hybrid format  welcomes participation from shareholders officially recorded as of November 24  2023. Shareholders can attend in person or virtually through Lumi’s AGM+ platform. Declarations of intent to participate should be made by December 2  2023  and questions can be directed to ag.solvay@solvay.com. For more details  visit the Shareholders’ Meeting page on the company’s website.(PRESS RELEASE) BRUSSELS  7-NOV-2023 — /EuropaWire/ — Solvay SA (“Solvay” or the “Company”) today announced that it has published materials for its Extraordinary Shareholders’ Meeting (the “Meeting”)  which will be held on Friday December 8  2023 at rue de la Fusée 98  1130 Brussels  at 10.30 am CEST. All documents  including the Chairman’s letter to Shareholders  relating to this Meeting are now available on www.solvay.com.Nicolas Boël  Chairman of Solvay: “Our shareholders will now have the opportunity to vote and approve the separation into two independent companies – the new Solvay and Syensqo – which has been transparently and dutifully delivered on time by Solvay’s Executive Leadership Team in the form which has gained the confidence of the market over the past year. This next exciting chapter of our more than 160-year history promises to carry on the strong legacy which it leaves behind  and carry forward two unique stories to benefit the many dedicated stakeholders who I have personally been in service to as a board member since 1998.”The entire Board and the Executive Leadership Team unanimously recommend Solvay’s shareholders to support all items coming to a vote at the Meeting. Their support would allow them to create two leading groups in their respective industries  which will each have the strategic and financial flexibility to develop their own business models  markets  investments  sustainability roadmaps  and pursue respective priorities for their stakeholders. The Executive Leadership Team has approached the project as an IPO of Syensqo and a re-birth for Solvay  motivated by a strong desire to ensure that investors fully understand and appreciate the strengths of each distinct business and make an informed investment choice in staying invested in both companies. Undeniably  these two companies will embark on a new journey and will aim higher than before.Solvay shareholders at the time of separation will receive shares in Syensqo pro rata to their shareholding in Solvay SA. The shares of each company will be listed on Euronext Brussels and Euronext Paris.The two entities’ governance structure  which was announced on November 3  2023  will also increasingly aim to reflect not only the best practices stipulated by the Belgian Code on Corporate Governance but also international best practices to reflect our global presence. The respective boards of the new Solvay and Syensqo have been composed with a majority of independent members with relevant experience  skills  and diversity to effectively oversee the two distinct executive management teams and protect the interests of all stakeholders.Meeting information:Only shareholders of Solvay SA who are officially recorded as of November 24  2023 at midnight CET will have the right to participate and vote at the meeting on December 8  irrespective of the number of shares they hold on the day of the meeting.The meeting will be organized in a hybrid manner  both in person and virtually. Shareholders can participate physically in the Meeting. Alternatively  they can exercise their rights either by granting a proxy or by participating and voting live in a virtual and interactive manner via the Lumi’s AGM+ platform (www.lumiconnect.com). Additional details are available in the convening notice available on www.solvay.com.Shareholders who wish to participate at the meeting  either in person or digitally  should declare their intentions no later than December 2  2023 at the latest. All questions can be addressed to ag.solvay@solvay.com no later than December 2  2023 at the latest.Visit the Shareholders’ Meeting dedicated page for more details regarding the agenda  the admission conditions and voting methods.Important legal informationThis press release is for informational purposes only and is not intended to  and does not  constitute an offer or invitation to sell or solicitation of an offer to subscribe for or buy  or an invitation to purchase or subscribe for  any securities of Solvay or Syensqo  any part of the business or assets described herein  or any other interests or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction in connection with the transactions described herein or otherwise  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of securities in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law. This press release should not be construed in any manner as a recommendation to any reader thereof.This press release is not a prospectus or other offering document for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of June 14  2017 (as amended  the “Prospectus Regulation”)  and the allocation of shares of Syensqo to Solvay’s shareholders as part of the contemplated partial demerger of Solvay is expected to be carried out in circumstances that do not constitute an “offer of securities to the public” within the meaning of the Prospectus Regulation. Syensqo has prepared a registration document  which will become a constituent part of Syensqo’s prospectus for purposes of the admission to trading of Syensqo’s shares on the regulated markets of Euronext in Brussels and Paris in connection with the contemplated partial demerger of Solvay. The registration document is available to investors at no cost on Syensqo’s website (www.solvay.com/en/investors/creating-two-strong-industry-leaders/syensqo) and Solvay’s website (www.solvay.com) and at the registered office of Syensqo  at Rue de la Fusée 98  1130 Brussels  Belgium. The approval of the registration document by the FSMA should not be understood as an endorsement of the shares of Syensqo to be admitted to trading on the aforementioned regulated markets.The distribution of this press release may be restricted by law in certain jurisdictions and persons into whose possession any document or other information referred to herein comes  should inform themselves about and observe any such restriction. Any failure to comply with these restrictions may constitute a violation of the securities laws of any such jurisdiction.This press release is directed solely to persons in the United Kingdom who (i) have professional experience in matters relating to investments  such persons falling within the definition of “investment professionals” in Article 19(5) of the FSMA (Financial Promotion) Order 2005  as amended (the “Financial Promotion Order”) or (ii) are persons falling within Article 49(2)(a) to (d) of the Financial Promotion Order or other persons to whom it may lawfully be communicated or caused to be communicated  (all such persons together being referred to as “relevant persons”). This press release is directed only to relevant persons and must not be acted on or relied on by persons who are not relevant persons.About SolvaySolvay is a science company whose technologies bring benefits to many aspects of daily life. With more than 22 000 employees in 61 countries  Solvay bonds people  ideas and elements to reinvent progress. The Group seeks to create sustainable shared value for all  notably through its Solvay One Planet roadmap crafted around three pillars: protecting the climate  preserving resources and fostering a better life. The Group’s innovative solutions contribute to safer  cleaner  and more sustainable products found in homes  food and consumer goods  planes  cars  batteries  smart devices  health care applications  water and air purification systems. Founded in 1863  Solvay today ranks among the world’s top three companies for the vast majority of its activities and delivered net sales of €13.4 billion in 2022. Solvay is listed on Euronext Brussels and Paris (SOLB). Learn more at www.solvay.com.Media Contact:Media relations:Perrine MarchalHead of Media relationsTel.: +32 478 32 62 72Investor relations:Jodi AllenHead of Investor relationsTel.:+1 609 860 4608Geoffroy d’OultremontInvestor relationsTel.: +32 2 320 79 75SOURCE: Solvay,neutral,0.17,0.82,0.01,positive,0.73,0.26,0.01,True,English,"['Extraordinary Shareholders’ Meeting', 'Two Independent Entities', 'Company Separation', 'Solvay', 'rue de la Fusée', 'two distinct executive management teams', 'The Executive Leadership Team', 'two entities’ governance structure', 'upcoming Extraordinary Shareholders’ Meeting', 'two leading groups', 'two unique stories', 'next exciting chapter', 'informed investment choice', 'Nicolas Boël', 'two independent companies', 'unique business models', 'many dedicated stakeholders', 'international best practices', 'Shareholders’ Meeting page', 'distinct business', 'two companies', 'governance structures', 'Corporate Governance', 'international standards', 'independent members', 'IN BRIEF', 'positive response', 'longstanding legacy', 'respective industries', 'financial flexibility', 'sustainability goals', 'Euronext Paris', 'Belgian Code', 'hybrid format', 'AGM+ platform', 'PRESS RELEASE', 'past year', '160-year history', 'strong legacy', 'sustainability roadmaps', 'respective priorities', 'strong desire', 'new journey', 'global presence', 'midnight CET', 'hybrid manner', 'interactive manner', 'convening notice', 'board member', 'entire Board', 'Meeting information', 'diverse skills', 'respective boards', 'relevant experience', 'Additional details', 'Solvay SA', 'new Solvay', 'Euronext Brussels', 'Friday December', 'Solvay shareholders', '1130 Brussels', 'materials', 'documents', 'Chairman', 'letter', 'company', 'website', 'separation', 'Syensqo', 'confidence', 'market', 'move', 'continuation', 'items', 'strategic', 'investments', 'shares', 'majority', 'participation', 'November', 'person', 'Lumi', 'Declarations', 'intent', 'questions', 'CEST', 'opportunity', 'time', 'service', 'vote', 'support', 'project', 'IPO', 'birth', 'investors', 'strengths', 'rata', 'shareholding', 'diversity', 'interests', 'right', 'number', 'proxy', 'virtual', '10:30', '98', '10.30']",2023-11-07,2023-11-07,news.europawire.eu
32345,EuroNext,Bing API,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/approval-application-delist-euronext-milan-141500369.html,Approval of application to delist from Euronext Milan,Earlier today  CNH Industrial N.V. (NYSE: CNHI / MI: CNHI) announced it had filed an application with Borsa Italiana to delist the Company’s common shares from Euronext Milan pursuant to the Rules of the Markets organized and managed by Borsa Italiana (Regolamento dei Mercati organizzati e gestiti da Borsa Italiana S.,CNH Industrial N.V.Basildon  November 7  2023Earlier today  CNH Industrial N.V. (NYSE: CNHI / MI: CNHI) announced it had filed an application with Borsa Italiana to delist the Company’s common shares from Euronext Milan pursuant to the Rules of the Markets organized and managed by Borsa Italiana (Regolamento dei Mercati organizzati e gestiti da Borsa Italiana S.p.A.).The Company now announces that Borsa Italiana has approved the Company’s application and has arranged for the delisting of the Company’s common shares from Euronext Milan  with effect from January 2  2024 (“Date of Delisting”)  pursuant to Article 2.5.6 of the said Rules.CNH’s common shares will continue to be listed also on Euronext Milan until the last business day before the Delisting Date (December 29  2023).The single listing on the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) will therefore be effective starting from the Delisting Date.CNH Industrial (NYSE: CNHI / MI: CNHI) is a world-class equipment and services company. Driven by its purpose of Breaking New Ground  which centers on Innovation  Sustainability and Productivity  the Company provides the strategic direction  R&D capabilities  and investments that enable the success of its global and regional Brands. Globally  Case IH and New Holland Agriculture supply 360° agriculture applications from machines to implements and the digital technologies that enhance them; and CASE and New Holland Construction Equipment deliver a full lineup of construction products that make the industry more productive. The Company’s regionally focused Brands include: STEYR  for agricultural tractors; Raven  a leader in digital agriculture  precision technology and the development of autonomous systems; Hemisphere  a leading designer and manufacturer of high-precision satellite-based positioning and heading technologies; Flexi-Coil  specializing in tillage and seeding systems; Miller  manufacturing application equipment; Kongskilde  providing tillage  seeding and hay & forage implements; and Eurocomach  producing a wide range of mini and midi excavators for the construction sector  including electric solutions. Across a history spanning over two centuries  CNH Industrial has always been a pioneer in its sectors and continues to passionately innovate and drive customer efficiency and success. As a truly global company  CNH Industrial’s 40 000+ employees form part of a diverse and inclusive workplace  focused on empowering customers to grow  and build  a better world.Story continuesFor more information and the latest financial and sustainability reports visit: cnhindustrial.comFor news from CNH Industrial and its Brands visit: media.cnhindustrial.comContacts:Media RelationsEmail: mediarelations@cnhind.comInvestor RelationsEmail: investor.relations@cnhind.comAttachment,neutral,0.11,0.88,0.01,neutral,0.05,0.93,0.02,True,English,"['Euronext Milan', 'Approval', 'application', 'Borsa Italiana S.p.A.', 'New York Stock Exchange', 'CNH Industrial N.V.', 'New Holland Construction Equipment', 'New Holland Agriculture', 'last business day', 'R&D capabilities', 'high-precision satellite-based positioning', 'manufacturing application equipment', 'New Ground', 'world-class equipment', 'construction products', 'construction sector', '360° agriculture applications', 'digital agriculture', 'common shares', 'Euronext Milan', 'single listing', 'strategic direction', 'digital technologies', 'full lineup', 'agricultural tractors', 'precision technology', 'autonomous systems', 'leading designer', 'heading technologies', 'wide range', 'midi excavators', 'electric solutions', 'two centuries', 'customer efficiency', '40,000+ employees', 'inclusive workplace', 'latest financial', 'regional Brands', 'Brands visit', 'Media Relations', 'The Company', 'services company', 'Case IH', 'seeding systems', 'forage implements', 'sustainability reports', 'Delisting Date', 'Investor Relations', 'global company', 'Basildon', 'November', 'NYSE', 'CNHI', 'Rules', 'Markets', 'Regolamento', 'Mercati', 'effect', 'January', 'Article', 'December', 'purpose', 'Innovation', 'Productivity', 'investments', 'success', 'machines', 'industry', 'STEYR', 'Raven', 'leader', 'development', 'Hemisphere', 'manufacturer', 'Flexi-Coil', 'tillage', 'Miller', 'Kongskilde', 'hay', 'Eurocomach', 'mini', 'history', 'pioneer', 'sectors', 'part', 'diverse', 'customers', 'information', 'news', 'Contacts', 'Email', 'mediarelations', 'Attachment']",2023-11-07,2023-11-07,finance.yahoo.com
32346,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20231106281823/en/,Innate Pharma Announces Conference Call for Third Quarter 2023 Business Update,Innate Pharma SA (Euronext Paris: IPH; Nasdaq: IPHA) (“Innate” or the “Company”) today announced that the Company will hold a conference call on Tuesd,"MARSEILLE  France--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Innate Pharma SA (Euronext Paris: IPH; Nasdaq: IPHA) (“Innate” or the “Company”) today announced that the Company will hold a conference call on Tuesday  November 14  2023  at 2 p.m. CET / 8 a.m. ET  to give an update on business progress during the third quarter of 2023.Participants during the call will be:Mondher Mahjoubi  Chief Executive OfficerYannis Morel  Executive Vice President  Product Portfolio Strategy & Business DevelopmentSonia Quaratino  Executive Vice President  Chief Medical OfficerFrédéric Lombard  Senior Vice President  Chief Financial OfficerDetails for the Third Quarter 2023 Business Update Virtual Event Tuesday  November 14  2023  at 2 p.m. CET / 8 a.m. ET The live webcast will be available at the following link: https://events.q4inc.com/attendee/172996087 Webcast participants can use the chat tool to ask written questions during the conference. Participants may also join via telephone to ask oral questions during the conference using the following registration link: https://registrations.events/direct/Q4E61217 This information can also be found on the Investors section of the Innate Pharma website  www.innate-pharma.com. A replay of the webcast will be available on the Company website for 90 days following the event.About Innate PharmaInnate Pharma S.A. is a global  clinical-stage biotechnology company developing immunotherapies for cancer patients. Its innovative approach aims to harness the innate immune system through therapeutic antibodies and its ANKET® (Antibody-based NK cell Engager Therapeutics) proprietary platform.Innate’s portfolio includes lead proprietary program lacutamab  developed in advanced form of cutaneous T cell lymphomas and peripheral T cell lymphomas  monalizumab developed with AstraZeneca in non-small cell lung cancer  as well as ANKET® multi-specific NK cell engagers to address multiple tumor types.Innate Pharma is a trusted partner to biopharmaceutical companies such as Sanofi and AstraZeneca  as well as leading research institutions  to accelerate innovation  research and development for the benefit of patients.Headquartered in Marseille  France with a US office in Rockville  MD  Innate Pharma is listed on Euronext Paris and Nasdaq in the US.Learn more about Innate Pharma at www.innate-pharma.com and follow us on Twitter and LinkedIn.Information about Innate Pharma sharesISIN codeTicker codeLEI FR0010331421 Euronext: IPH Nasdaq: IPHA 9695002Y8420ZB8HJE29Disclaimer on forward-looking information and risk factorsThis press release contains certain forward-looking statements  including those within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. The use of certain words  including “believe ” “potential ” “expect” and “will” and similar expressions  is intended to identify forward-looking statements. Although the company believes its expectations are based on reasonable assumptions  these forward-looking statements are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties  which could cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated. These risks and uncertainties include  among other things  the uncertainties inherent in research and development  including related to safety  progression of and results from its ongoing and planned clinical trials and preclinical studies  review and approvals by regulatory authorities of its product candidates  the Company’s commercialization efforts and the Company’s continued ability to raise capital to fund its development. For an additional discussion of risks and uncertainties which could cause the company's actual results  financial condition  performance or achievements to differ from those contained in the forward-looking statements  please refer to the Risk Factors (“Facteurs de Risque"") section of the Universal Registration Document filed with the French Financial Markets Authority (“AMF”)  which is available on the AMF website http://www.amf-france.org or on Innate Pharma’s website  and public filings and reports filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”)  including the Company’s Annual Report on Form 20-F for the year ended December 31  2022  and subsequent filings and reports filed with the AMF or SEC  or otherwise made public  by the Company.This press release and the information contained herein do not constitute an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to buy or subscribe to shares in Innate Pharma in any country.",neutral,0.04,0.95,0.01,negative,0.0,0.06,0.94,True,English,"['Third Quarter 2023 Business Update', 'Innate Pharma', 'Conference Call', 'Antibody-based NK cell Engager Therapeutics', 'Third Quarter 2023 Business Update Virtual Event', 'Private Securities Litigation Reform Act', 'ANKET® multi-specific NK cell engagers', 'cutaneous T cell lymphomas', 'peripheral T cell lymphomas', 'Frédéric Lombard', 'small cell lung cancer', 'lead proprietary program lacutamab', 'French Financial Markets Authority', 'global, clinical-stage biotechnology company', 'U.S. Securities', 'Innate Pharma S.A.', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'Executive Vice President', 'Chief Medical Officer', 'Senior Vice President', 'Chief Financial Officer', 'multiple tumor types', 'Facteurs de Risque', 'Universal Registration Document', 'innate immune system', 'following registration link', 'leading research institutions', 'Innate Pharma SA', 'Product Portfolio Strategy', 'Innate Pharma website', 'Innate Pharma shares', 'BUSINESS WIRE', 'business progress', 'following link', 'proprietary platform', 'financial condition', 'cancer patients', 'product candidates', 'Business Development', 'Mondher Mahjoubi', 'Yannis Morel', 'Sonia Quaratino', 'chat tool', 'innovative approach', 'therapeutic antibodies', 'trusted partner', 'biopharmaceutical companies', 'ISIN code', 'Ticker code', 'risk factors', 'press release', 'forward-looking statements', 'similar expressions', 'reasonable assumptions', 'other things', 'clinical trials', 'preclinical studies', 'regulatory authorities', 'commercialization efforts', 'additional discussion', 'public filings', 'Exchange Commission', 'Annual Report', 'subsequent filings', 'Euronext Paris', 'live webcast', 'actual results', 'oral questions', 'Investors section', 'advanced form', 'US office', 'IPHA 9695002Y8420ZB8HJE29', 'Company website', 'numerous risks', 'AMF website', 'looking information', '2996087 Webcast participants', 'conference call', 'IPH Nasdaq', '8 a', 'MARSEILLE', 'France', 'Tuesday', 'November', 'CET', 'Details', 'events', 'telephone', 'registrations', 'Q4E61217', 'innate-pharma', 'replay', '90 days', 'immunotherapies', 'monalizumab', 'AstraZeneca', 'Sanofi', 'innovation', 'benefit', 'Rockville', 'MD', 'Twitter', 'LinkedIn', 'LEI', 'Disclaimer', 'meaning', 'use', 'words', 'believe', 'will', 'expectations', 'uncertainties', 'safety', 'progression', 'ongoing', 'review', 'approvals', 'ability', 'capital', 'performance', 'achievements', 'org', 'reports', 'year', 'offer', 'solicitation', 'country']",2023-11-07,2023-11-07,businesswire.com
